


A Timely Death
a novel
by Genia Stemper


Published by Genia Stemper at Smashwords

Copyright 2010 Genia Stemper

Discover other titles by Genia Stemper at
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/geniastemper



Contact: geniasmail@aol.com



1.
Grace

I wait in line at the grocery store.  In my recent quest for self awareness I read that waiting is a choice, a state of mind.  Right now I could make the choice not to wait.  I could read the smutty tabloids on the shelf as if groceries aren’t my only reason for being here.  How very Zen.  Ever so discreetly, I glance at them.  
 Cellulite, wrinkles, breasts.  I shudder to think if someone were to publish a photo of me walking around the block in my sweats, or in a bathing suit at the beach.  Really, what are celebrities thinking? They know there are going to be cameras there, recording their every move.  My daughter just told me that some stars even hire the paparazzi to follow them around and then the celebrities themselves take a cut of the money when the photos are sold.  Finally they stopped whining and started playing the game.  I can respect that.  
 My personal code is that women over 50 shouldn’t wear bathing suits in public.  The exceptions are if they are Ms. Fitness USA, which is really kind of creepy (skin that is leathery and oily at the same time) or if they have had extensive work done. I have just described most of Southern California, so I know I am fairly alone in this sentiment. 
And in our quest to look young and svelte there is no fooling the eye, we all know what is under those Grandma swim skirts; an expanse of dimply blue veined excess. And liposuction, being a cheater’s way out, doesn’t count.  Have some class. Be fair.  I play by the rules.  I don’t like it when they change.   
I move up and unload my items onto the conveyer belt.  Red peppers, eggplant, romaine lettuce, mushrooms, brie cheese, wine, chicken, and shrimp.  No carbs of course.  I have to keep my shape. I am a healthy woman in my golden years. Or silver, if you judge by hair color. My only concern should be which cruise to take and what time bingo starts.  Who am I kidding?  I hate cruises and bingo is for geriatrics. 
 I would love to travel the European countryside, my husband Charles at my side, not a care in the world. Screw that, I think sighing audibly.  Unfortunately all of this will have to wait indefinitely as I’ve recently returned to my state as a stay at home grandmother/mother.  Thus phrases such as “screw that,” learned from my oh-so-eloquent daughter come to mind.  
 Diana, my youngest, is back at home since she caught her husband with their son Jack’s kindergarten teacher. Apparently, he did screw that.  There was always just a touch of the weasel in him, a bit too much cologne, a bit too much interest in his hair and the tie a little too tight. I tried to tell her, but you know how they are. 
“God, mom,” she said.  “You’re so critical.  No one will ever be good enough by your standards.” 
Not true, I just happen to have some, standards that is.  “He’s a good man,” she said as I cringed internally.
And then the defiant, “I love him.” 
She never would have married him if I had just kept my mouth shut.
My fairly wise husband Charles always says, “You can’t live their life for them.  They have to find their own way.” 
This would be fine, but, being a mother, I tend to end up in the cave with them, picking up the flashlight when they drop it, cleaning their shoes when they step in the mud.
  And so I am also buying chicken nuggets, ice cream and paper plates.  When both the girls left for college, Charles and I changed our lifestyle a bit.  We ate more whole foods, recycled, hiked at dawn in the Malibu hills; crunchy granola, California kind of stuff. 
For the first few months with Diana and her kids, I tried to keep up the healthy routine, but I am already reverting to my lazy, non-green ways.  Raising a family at fifty-five is entirely different than being a mom at thirty.  Something’s got to give.
Two ladies in scrubs ahead of me chat to each other as the cashier rings them up.  Soda and candy bars.  Being in the health profession as they must be, you’d think they would know better. 
“So, here’s my new business plan.  We just put them all on a cruise ship, old people.  A rest home on the open sea,” says the blonde to the chubby one.  
“And when they start to poop in their pants we blow the ship up!” says the other, hands the cashier some money, starts to unwrap her candy bar.  No wonder she’s chubby.
“It would have to look more like an accident,” the blonde says. “Sink the ship. Then we could buy another ship and start all over.”
“Or you could save money and just push them overboard,” says the cashier, snapping her gum. What a cocky bitch I think to myself.  What happened to “you saved six dollars today with your club card, have a nice day.”  I clear my throat somewhat inadvertently.  It’s a habit I have when I am outside my realm of comfort.  I don’t realize how out of sorts I feel with a situation until my cough surprises me with its insistent betrayal.
They smile at the cashier and glance at me, weird clearing throat lady, and bounce away all lightness and air.  They probably feel good about verbally wiping out a few thousand useless senior citizens.  I wonder who is caring for their children while they are on their lunch break. I know, probably their useless, elderly mothers. 
“Paper or plastic?” the bagboy asks.
I wave my hand, “whatever,” it says.  I am still speechless about the cruise liner plan.  But then the bagboy starts telling me about his weekend.  He is speaking in incomplete phrases.  The cashier nods to me and affirms my impression that the bagboy is indeed challenged, or special. Yes, I think that is the approved word of the day. I can’t keep up. Point is, I can’t understand him and I am trying to be friendly without encouraging too much conversation. I nod and exclaim at what I hope are the appropriate times, as I haven’t a clue as to what he is talking about.  Am I trying to be sensitive and caring, or do I just want people to think I am?  I’m not sure.  Why is grocery shopping so hard?
In the car I check my lipstick in the rearview mirror.  It’s a new plum shade Diana gave me which compliments my silvering hair.  She talked me into a fresh bob hairstyle and I swing it approvingly as I press my lips together.  She also went through my closet tossing things into the Goodwill box that were too “old” for me.  
“Polyester Mom, God!” she said. 
I told her it wasn’t.  It was micro fiber. 
“Whatever. Synthetic. Do you have any aqua polyester pants hiding in here?”
Really, aqua, I would never wear aqua.
She’s trying to make me look young so I feel young.  That way maybe I won’t resent her for encroaching on my retirement.  It won’t work, but I do look pretty good.

I start preparing an early dinner when I get home.  The grandkids are in the back playing tetherball and Diana is out looking for a job.  She’d better be. Secretly I fear that she has given up and spends her days in the local bar.  If she doesn’t find a job and her own place soon, it’ll be me sitting at that bar. 
Charles pulls up a stool and chats with me as I cook. This is our arrangement.  The girls find it old fashioned, but I didn’t train him to help, so he doesn’t. This is ok, I just like his company.
“So then the chubby one with the candy bar says, ‘no, you can’t blow it up, it’ll have to look natural.  We could sink it!’”
Charles is laughing hysterically.
“It isn’t meant to be funny!” I say.  “I thought it was just terrible! To insinuate that old people have no worth.”
“Nope, I don’t see it like that,” Charles says.  “Didn’t they say something about pooping in their pants?”  He looks at me pointedly, as if this is the most important thing he will ever say to me.  He looks at me a lot like that.  “That is a metaphor for them losing their dignity.  Life isn’t worth it at a certain point.” 
“Life,” I say, “is always worth it.  If we are here, it is because we are supposed to be, and we should do everything in our power to honor that.”
“Dinner ready?” Charles asks.  He can see that it isn’t.  This is his way of changing the subject, hopefully to one that we can agree on. 
“Have you talked to Julia lately?” he asks, trying again. He also knows the answer to this question, but I bite.
“No.”  I just don’t have the energy to talk to her lately. “You know how she is,” I say. Julia, our eldest, lives in Texas with her husband Todd who is a youth pastor. She’s at the top of the prayer phone chain, organizes church socials and food drives. Her time, she says, is the most important thing she can give. This would be fine, I think, if she didn’t have to talk about it so much. Why are so many volunteers so insistent on everyone knowing exactly how hard they work?  
Of course she goes to church every Sunday with her overly pious husband. I didn’t think that was possible, to be overly pious, but sometimes he is so righteous you just want to rip his head off.
I used to like Julia. Before she found Todd, and “The Lord,” and lost herself. 
“Where did we go wrong?” I ask Charles. He shrugs, helps himself to some cashews.  
“Really, youth group pastor?” I continue to press him for a reaction. “Isn’t that just a way to get in close proximity to trusting young teenage girls?  Nothing good will come of it. A grown man surrounded by hormonal youth.”
“Not everyone is like good ol’ Jay,” Charles says, referring to Diana’s ex. “And I really don’t think Todd’s the one you have a problem with.”
“I just can’t trust him.”
Charles shrugs, as if to say, ‘who said you have to trust him?’
“I don’t know what to say to her anymore Charles.” I sound a bit pathetic.  I glance at the clock on the oven and pour myself a glass of wine.  It’s almost five.  
“It’s like she’s gone completely.  Always telling me about her charitable works and how everything is so wonderful.”
Charles rests his chin in his hand and waits. He can tell I’m on a roll.
“Everything is not wonderful. She wants to have kids, for one, and I know that breaks her heart. Why can’t she talk to me about it?  Why can’t she get pregnant?  She is too uptight, that’s why.  Why won’t she confide in me? I’m her mother for Christ’s sake.”
“Nice,” says Charles.
“What?  The Christ’s sake?  Well, you know I can’t help it.  It’s like trying to stay on a diet when you’re surrounded by potato chips. There are a lot of words out there,” I say, trying to control my emotion, “and thoughts and feelings.”  My bottom lip trembles a bit but I turn my sadness into anger, not wanting Charles to see how truly bothered I am. “And when I have to be so careful with what I say to her, I just want to give up, dive in and roll around in it.”  I lean over the counter, careful not to fall off of my soapbox.  “Sexuality, philosophy, literature, it doesn’t matter, she turns it all back around to the bible, or Jesus, or Todd and his boring youth group activities.  I want to talk about real stuff.  And that can be ugly.  So….” I throw my hands up, slap them back down on my hips for emphasis, and dare him to have a response.
“Maybe she really is happy,” Charles says.
“Oh, please,” I say, tearing the lettuce for a salad the kids will whine about.  “Please.”



2.
Harold

I was on the computer e-mailing a joke to my daughter Grace when it happened.  Not one of those awful forwarded, mass e-mail jokes, but the one I’d been working on in my head all day. Funny, with an edge.  Grace would appreciate it.  But as my chest started to tense, I lost my sense of humor and switched documents to my daily log.
I had been having chest pains almost daily, but the doctor said it wasn't anything to worry about.  
“But keep track,” said the doctor. 
Don’t worry.  Keep track. I could tell right away that this was going to be a tough one. My chest seized up, attacked by invisible claws. I turned to tell my wife Lily, sitting just a few feet behind me working on a jigsaw puzzle at the card table, so beautiful in the soft light. But Lily’s hearing has been awful for years so she didn't hear me mumble my love for her as I fell.  
My body is on the ground now.  Lily is frantic and pacing, crying jagged breath.  Then she kneels beside me, holds my head in her lap.
“Harry?  Harry?  What do I need to do?” she asks.  She hasn’t made a decision on her own in years.  
My spirit tries to comfort her, but my body lies useless.  Blood seeps from my head where it smashed onto the tile floor, turning the white grout to red. In her panic at the sight of it all, she can't sense me.  I surround her, try to calm her as I used to, but she can't feel me as she is still focused on the body, my body.  She calls 911 and paces.  She looks out the front window and then rushes back down the hall to check on me.  At one point she forgets what she is doing and noticing the hour on the clock in the kitchen, she goes to the bedroom to put on her nightgown.
  The paramedics ring the doorbell and she wonders who it could be at this hour.  They see her in her thin nightgown, blood smeared down the sides, and rush around the house until they find my body in the back room.  But it is too late.  
I try to come back to her while they work on me.  But the electric shock paddles uselessly zap my body around.  I breeze by her.  My connection to my body is completely severed now and for a moment she smells my Old Spice and feels comforted.  I’m too tired to stay here anymore, just too tired.  
They load my body onto the stretcher to take to the hospital, but it is just a formality.  The family will want to be assured that they did everything they could, although it is obvious to the paramedics that nothing will bring me back. 




3.
Grace

My mother called at about 11:00pm and told me very calmly that Dad was dead.  I sent Charles to the hospital and left a note for Diana and the kids.  They may as well sleep in bliss for a few more hours.  I’d give anything to have my warm comforter around me, traveling in my dreams, unaware of what Mother and Dad have just been through.  Nothing changed between the moment I was asleep and the moment after Mother called and I was awake.  Dad had been dead for a few hours already when she finally called.  He was dead and I didn’t even know.  
When I arrived at my parents’ house, I found Mom confused and exhausted. I tried to sleep with her, but she pushed me into my old room, saying she needed her privacy. Now, in this house, I can feel that he is gone.  His absence is stifling. 
Mother comes into the bedroom, the digital clock angrily flashing 2:47 am.  She wants to know where Dad is.
I break it to her again.  I wonder how many times I will have to do this.  She is much worse than I expected.  She doesn't understand at first and then she just holds me and shakes.  “What am I going to do?” she pleads.  I don't have an answer. 
We go into the kitchen and I try to help her with the coffee but she doesn't think I can do it.  In her eyes I am, and always will be, a child. It doesn't matter that I have children and grandchildren of my own. She grabs the bag of coffee from me.  “I can do it myself,” she says. I try to help but she is extremely agitated.  She spills ground coffee all over the floor and starts crying.  “The coffee.  I’ve ruined it,” she sobs.  “Where is Harry?  He always takes care of this.”  Now she is angry. The harsh fluorescent bulbs are giving me a headache, my jaw clenches involuntarily. I look at the coffee, and look at Mother.  She is pale and shaking.  More of a mess than the floor could ever be.  The coffee can wait.  I grab her hand and take her back to her bed. 
 She won't lie down to rest.  She tells me to go to bed, get some sleep.  Not a chance, I think, but I don't know what to do.  I go to sit down on my bed, door open, listening. She walks up and down the hallway.  I hear her breath, heavy and anxious; short gasps.  This isn’t a new behavior for her, brought on by the upset of Dad’s dying.  I’ve noticed the wear pattern in the carpet before, oily from her bare feet.  She has been doing this for years.  She has been sick for longer than any of us realize.
The pacing stops and the kitchen light turns back on.  I dash down the hall to find her bent over the toaster, prying into it with a knife.  Sparks fly as I reach for her.  
“It’s stuck,” she says.
“It just hasn’t popped up yet.  You have to be patient Mom.  You could have hurt yourself.”  I manually pop it up for her.  Butter, marmalade.  Finally content, she sits.  
“The paper is here,” she says.  
“It’s only 4am,” I say.  Only a few more hours I think.  And then what? The sunrise won’t fix this.
“It comes early,” she says.  
I go out into the night and look up.  Maybe he is already up there amongst the icy stars.  Or maybe he is here, trying to help.  I hope he is up there.  He deserves a break. 
 To my disbelief the paper is here, just like Mother said.  For how long have they been up all night, pacing, making toast, reading the paper?  I take a deep breath and go back inside. 
 She is making chicken noodle soup. I swear I was only outside for two minutes, and she is already into something else.  Like a two year old.
“It calms my stomach,” she says.  No amount of soup will change the fact that Dad is dead.  The gas flame is turned on too high and I go over to turn it down so it doesn’t catch on the sleeve of her robe.  God.  First the toaster, now the stove. Death by electrocution, fire, carbon monoxide, I wonder if she is researching her options.
She doesn't acknowledge that I am in the middle of the kitchen with her in the middle of the night.  I think she has forgotten already.  She stands, her back to me, stirring her soup.  She is a quarter of her size without him.  I see an unconscious grief in the soft hunch of her shoulders. 
I miss him already, but I don't blame him for checking out.  One night of this was all I can take.  I don’t understand how this didn’t kill him sooner.  I hope reinforcements arrive soon.



4.
Lily

The morning after Harry’s death
The sun filters through the plantation shutters and wakes me gently from a dream.  In the dream I was young and beautiful and it shocks me as my mind reconnects with my aching body.  Harold came to me in this one.  He looked so handsome, standing at the train station in his suit, hat tipped rakishly over his eye. He told me he was trying to get a ticket for me, but it might take a while. 
I turn to my side, easing from one reality to the next.  I expect to snuggle into his warm body and I reach for him but the bed is empty, sheets cool to the touch.  His pillow is still dented, a strand of hair nestled in the space where he has been.
I feel him waiting for me in the kitchen. He is spreading the orange marmalade on my toast, coffee perking, the newspaper strewn across the table.  Yes, he must be there.  I picture him beyond the closed kitchen door, head bent, pencil hovering, already getting a head start on the crossword puzzle. I rush out to meet him, to nuzzle the sweet spot in his neck, hollow with concentration.  But the kitchen is bare, marble cold on my feet.  It reminds me of a headstone and I am overcome as I remember why the kitchen is empty. 
There are coffee grounds on the floor from last night when I tried to make a pot.  Who will make my coffee now?  I can’t get through the day without coffee.  But there are so many steps and I can't seem to get it right.  How can the water go in the back, and come out the front?  The coarse dark grounds mock me from the slick floor.  They pose an insurmountable task.  
I reach for the bread that I keep on top of the refrigerator, but find only a thin layer of dust.  Dismayed, I look around to find the bread on the counter by the sink in an open bag.  The ants have begun to feast on the marmalade, pooled beside the bread.  They march triumphantly in an orderly line.  I don’t remember, but I must have been snacking all night again.  Every night I walk the halls, catching cat naps in between my anxiety attacks.  I know that I killed him.  It wasn’t his heart or his cholesterol.  He was tired of me.  Tired of the way I am.
When Harold was alive, he would calm me. How I miss him already.  A kind word, a piece of toast, a pat on the back and we would go back to bed.  It feels as if he has been gone for a long time.  I wonder how long I have been living on my own.
I don’t know what I’m going to do.  Because of the Alzheimer’s, I always took for granted that I would die first.  
I go over to the calendar to see what the day ahead holds.  Harry has a dentist appointment, and I’ll remember to remind him of that when he wakes up.  Maybe we can go out to breakfast first.  Right now I’m sleepy, having been up all night, so I return to bed to snuggle a bit with Harry before our day begins.  I am surprised to find the bed cold.  He must be in the bathroom, or maybe out watering the flowers.  I lie down to wait for him, surely he’ll be back soon. “Where’s my sweet Lily?” he’ll call, bringing me some fresh squeezed orange juice.  Yes, he must be out picking some oranges.  How I love the smell of sweet orange blossoms.
Blood flowers on the grout.  This image swirls in my head until suddenly I know what I need to do. There will be no orange juice this morning.  I need to pick out a coffin and plan the ceremony.  I turn over in my bed, curl up and rock myself.  I don’t care about these things right now.  Nothing matters now that he’s gone.
I decide to make the bed and take a shower.  That always makes me feel better.  I suppose Grace will come by in a bit to see if there is anything she can do.  I don’t like being treated like a child.  And even though, in the next room Grace tries to sleep as I pace the halls, I resent her for not being here for me. 
I don’t realize she is there, just in the next room.  She is here with me, helping with the coffee, and then she is gone.  When I can’t see her I forget she is here.  I wish she would just stay with me.  I am so lonely. Why won’t anyone help me? 



5.
Grace
 
After finally getting Mother back to bed around 5:00am, I pass out in the guest room, and awake to running water. It’s only 5:30 a.m.
I go into the steamy bathroom, trailing my childhood quilt over my shoulders.
  “Mom, are you ok?”  I wait for an answer while studying myself in the misty mirror.  Mascara smeared under my eyes adds to the already present dark circles. 
“Who's that?” she finally calls, peering around the curtain. She sees me, but I still don't think she knows it's me. I’ve frightened her.
“It's me, Mom.  Grace.”
I think the word 'Mom' puts her at ease as she lets the curtain fall and continues to shower.  
“Go tell your Dad you're here and we'll take you out to breakfast, how would that be?” she calls cheerfully.
     I don't want to tell her again.  I close the bathroom door quietly and sit on her bed and cry.
I crawl under the covers still warm from my mother, still smelling of Dad, and think about him.  I can’t believe he won’t be walking through the door any minute, goofy smile on his face, ready with a joke, a story.  “Where are the kids?” he would ask, referring to his great grandkids, Carly and Jack.  “I’ve got something to show them.”  He would rub his hands together in excitement, beckon them to follow him out to his work shed and see their new swing, perhaps, or a birdhouse. 
The slamming car door startles me from my trance and I rush out to meet Charles and Diana.  Carly and Jack are in their pajamas cuddled in the back seat.
“Let them sleep,” I say, pulling Diana close.
We separate, look at each other and dissolve into useless sobbing.  Charles herds us into the house.  “We need to focus on Lily now,” he says.  “How is she?”
I don’t get a chance to answer.  As we enter the kitchen, we see her sitting in her chair, paper before her, smile on her face.  She has her favorite pajama top on, and is stark naked from the waist down, toes curled under her bare feet for warmth.
“My hair ok?” she asks, patting it.  It actually does look good, not having changed since I can remember, shellacked into an unnaturally auburn helmet of sorts.
“It’s fine mom,” I say.  I look at Mother and see her as a child for the first time.  My mother is a child. Fantastic.



6.
Harold

I sit and watch in the form of a hummingbird on a branch outside the altar window.  The funeral is really nice, I mean, as nice as they can be I guess.  Thank goodness they talked Lily into a closed casket.  That waxy stiff down there doesn’t even look like me.  And there isn’t a priest here. I wonder how they did that?  Lily has been so into Catholicism lately, I’m not sure where that came from, but I’m glad it isn’t here at my celebration.  Scares the little ones to death, all that incense and talk of hell.  No, I’m not a big fan of that religious stuff, always felt it was an individual, inner journey.  Over the last few years I said more than my share of prayers in my quiet moments of desperation. Yes, I prayed quite a bit.  In the middle of the night when I didn’t think I could take another minute and had no one to talk to.  God comforted me then, that is for certain.  
I am worried about my granddaughter Julia.  She is grieving, but she is also worried that I am in hell.  If only I could give her a hug and tell her I am finally free.  Hell on earth is the only kind of hell I know.  I’ll pray that Julia is able to find peace.
I am so proud of them all, my family and friends.  If only every man could be so lucky.  I feel badly for leaving them with Lily.  She will be a burden to them, there won’t be any getting around that.  I can’t believe I went first.  They can’t believe it either.
When the shock of the funeral wears off, they’ll have to figure out what to do with her.  She has gotten so sick over the last 15 years.  She’ll be free of it when she is with me.  I wish I could get her over here somehow, but I am afraid it will be a long time for her.  She is too far gone now to will herself over.
One particularly hard night, when I just couldn’t calm her down, I told her we would go for a drive.  I got her in the car and settled in beside her.  Didn’t open the garage door, just turned on the engine.
“Where are we going?” she asked.
“Home,” I said, taking her hand in mine.
“That’ll be nice,” she said, smiling.
But I couldn’t do it.  I still had my health, or so I thought.  There were things I was looking forward to.  The neighborhood kids were putting on a play this weekend.  And then we would get to see all of the kids for my birthday. Grace would be making her cheesecake, and the great grandkids would be there with stories and antics.  What would they think of me? I didn’t want them to see me as a quitter. I stopped the car.
“We’re here,” I said, going around to open her door.
“That was lovely,” she said, taking my hand as I helped her out of the car, up the garage stairs, and back into bed.
I wonder if she knows where she is now, sitting in a pew only feet away from my coffin, surrounded by her family.  
   



7.
Lily

I made sure to see Harold before they closed the casket.  I wasn’t entirely sure if it was him, but I think it was.  My daughter Grace looks so tired and upset.  I want to comfort her but I don’t know what is wrong.  Such a beautiful woman, my daughter, I think proudly. 
“When the Saints Go Marching In,” is playing and my feet start tapping.  This is Harry’s favorite song. I should go get him so we can dance.  I turn my head to look for him, but my eye is caught by a casket that some young men are carrying out. Oh, yes, I realize, Harry’s in there. 



8.
Grace

“Jesus, it must be 5:00 somewhere.  Somebody find the captain for me.”  Captain Morgan is a good friend of mine at times like these. Diana and Charles, sitting at the kitchen table, are set into motion, grateful at my request for my favorite drink.  Charles hands me my rum and coke, reaches for my other hand, “let’s move this party into the living room,” he says.
“She’s finally sleeping,” I tell everyone as I flop down on the couch.
“You can’t put her in a home,” my daughter Diana says.
“I don’t see what choice…” Julia, hands shaking slightly, lights her cigarette.  I wonder when she started smoking.  She got here just moments before the funeral and I haven’t even had a chance to really look at her.  She would look truly beautiful, I think, if it didn’t look like she was in someone else’s skin, trying it on for size.  Somehow I’ll have to get to the bottom of whatever is going on with her.  I’ll always be her mother.
“You’ll kill her,” Diana stands up and yells.  I think of her at two, throwing a temper tantrum in the mall.  “She’s lived here forever, you can’t just take away everything she loves.” Tears stream down her reddening face and she turns and runs out to the backyard.  
“Great.  More drama,” I say.  Charles looks at me crossly, how could I be so unsympathetic?  I get up to go after Diana just as my mother calls for me.  I look pleadingly to Charles and Julia.  Julia puts out her cigarette in a bowl I made when I was a kid and goes into the bedroom.  I go after Diana and find her on a chaise lounge under a willow tree in the back.  We can see the Santa Barbara mountains from here, and the fog is bringing in the chill of the ocean air. 
“Julia can lump it,” she says.  “Looking at my drink like that. And when did she start smoking?”
She knows I don’t have an answer.  Exasperated, she continues.
“We used to be so close. I don’t know where I fall on the list anymore.  I used to be first, well, unless she had a boyfriend.  But that was understandable, an unspoken sisterly code,” she says, stops for a deep breath, broken by sobs.
“And now there’s Todd, whom might I add, couldn’t even find the time to come.  Too busy with his job and the church.  We don’t need him, but you’d think he’d be here for Julia at a time like this.”
“I know,” I sigh.  “I’m sorry.”  I don’t know what else to say.  What a mess.  I know we won’t figure anything out this evening.  And while we’re trying to figure out Julia, she’s stuck in there with Mother.
“Let’s go check on your Grandma,” I say, knowing she won’t come in if I mention her sister.  “Then we’ll find something to eat,” I say.  I get a weak smile.  Diana finds comfort in food and can eat anything and not gain an ounce.  Must have gotten that from her Dad.  
In Mother’s bedroom, the bed is empty, sheets rumpled.  I hear her talking to Julia in the bathroom.
“Mom, are you ok?”
“I need some help in here,” calls Julia.
Mother opens the bathroom door with a sheepish grin on her face, her pants down around her ankles.
“What’s wrong?”
“I’ve been backed up for weeks,” she says as she fumbles back to the sink.
I get a grip on the situation when I see an enema kit on the counter, Julia rummaging through the cupboard for something.
“What are you looking for honey?” I ask.
“She can’t find the tip.  I don’t know what it looks like, do you?” she asks.
“Here it is!” Mother holds up a lipstick tube triumphantly.
“Stop it.  Both of you.  You don’t need an enema Mom,” I say, cleaning up the counter to put everything away.  She grabs the box from me.
“I can’t find my glasses, can you read this?” She hands back the box to me.  She fumbles with the lipstick, trying to attach it to the enema tubing.  I’m not doing this.
“Mom, you’re fine, no you don’t need to do that right now.  Come back and lie down.”  
“No, you don’t know what I need. I don’t feel right.  Give me my Fleets back.  I know how to do it.”
“Mom, here’s a fiber pill,” I say, proud of myself for thinking so quickly.  It is really a valium I had stashed in my pocket.  I hate to part with it, but times are dire.  I give the girls a look that says “don’t tell your father,” and I shoo them out of the bathroom.
“Oh, thank you honey, what would I do without you?” Mother smiles, takes her pill and gets back into bed.
“I just need to rest now,” she says.
I lean down to kiss her forehead and tuck her in.  I wonder when our roles were reversed. I’ve already been a mom to my own kids. I am still a mom to my kids, my grandkids.  When do I get a break?  How could I be so selfish?  Seriously, when do I get a break?     

I come out of the bedroom to see Julia packing her bags in the bedroom that used to me mine when I was a kid. 
“Can’t you stay?” I ask, “We have so much to catch up on.”
“I’m not leaving yet,” she says, and then under her breath, “I wouldn’t know where to go.” She moves around the room unwilling to catch my eye as she organizes her few things.  
“What’s going on?” I ask.  “What’s wrong?” I am sounding desperate now.  I know where she is going.  Crawling back to her husband who couldn’t bear to take the day off to be here.
“I’m just off to church.  I don’t know how long I’ll be,” she says.  Really.  You’d think she could just stay and be with her family.  Isn’t that what funerals are for?  “Someone needs to pray for Grandpa,” she says.
“No, someone needs to pray for your grandmother,” I call, but she is already headed down the hallway.  “Someone needs to pray for me,” I mutter.  I plop down on the plastic couch in the family room.  Aqua plastic.  I suppose it was cool in the seventies.  I used to think so anyway.  Now the dirt is settling into the divets in the plastic and I marvel that Mother owns an aqua couch.  Maybe that’s where Diana gets the nerve with her condemnation of all things aqua.  
I look around at the rest of the house.  Cottage cheese ceilings with sparkles, outdated wallpaper, celery green carpet.  The dinginess of it all used to fade into the background when the house reverberated with laughter, a fire in the fireplace, Mother’s famous chili simmering in the kitchen.  
What used to be a home, without Dad, is now just a house.  It appears worn and small now.  Past its glory.  I hope this will make it easier to give it up, knowing it won’t be long before we have to sell it and use the money to put Mother in a home. The irony.  Selling her house to put her into a home.   
Nothing will ever be the same again.  

A neighbor has brought a roast over and we pick at it.  Julia is back from church looking a bit more content.  She must think she has put Dad in his rightful place in heaven.  Really. 
 Diana’s kids, Carly and Jack, brighten the table a bit with their light hearted jabbing at each other.  I remember when the girls were that age, so similar that I would confuse their baby pictures and have to listen closely to discern who was calling me from the next room.  Where does the time go?  
Julia helps with the dishes while Charles takes the kids out back for some hide-and-seek.  Through the window box filled with Mother’s herbs, I can see my grown daughter hiding on the little hill behind the pine tree I gave Mom when I was ten.  It was for the table top at Christmas and now stands over 50 feet tall. Sometimes I look at my girls like I do that tree. They took up such a small place and then I turned around and they were all emotion and gangly legs.
I feel the absence of dad acutely now, Charles surrounded by females with no one to joke with. Little Jack is helping Charles search for his sister and his mom.  He reaches up to grab Charles’ hand and I feel time stand still.  A moment of bliss.  A black and white snapshot.  Little hand reaching for big hand.  I look away before the tears start again. At least Diana’s ex is no longer in the picture.  Charles tolerated him in a civil way that Jay didn’t pick up on, but it always made me uncomfortable.  
 Julia’s husband Todd however, picks up on it.  Which, I’m sure, is why he isn’t here.  I try to be accepting.  I really do.  But how to like someone when my daughter is so different from who she used to be?  So heavy hearted.  Maybe it isn’t his fault at all.  She chose him after all.  It would just be so much easier to blame it on him.
“You should go home,” I say. I hand her a dish towel and a clean plate.  “Todd must be missing you.”
She lets out a puff of air that blows her long bangs to the side.  “Oh, I don’t think he’s missing me.”  She swipes at the plate, her back to me so as not to give anything away.  But I see a crack, an opening, we could maybe get somewhere. 
“I could stay and help a bit,” she says quietly.
“I know you can, and thank you, but I don’t want Todd to get upset,” I say.  He was always so possessive.  Secretly I would love for him to get upset, this way maybe she would leave him.  But I can’t let her know that.  I am nothing less than a fully supportive mother.
“What did you mean about Todd not missing you?”
She turns to face me, carefully lays the towel on the counter.  I wish she wouldn’t do that.  She could at least dry while she talks, the kitchen is still a mess.
“He’s just so into the church.”
“Well, you are too honey,” I say.  I didn’t mean to, it just came out.  Besides, it’s true.  Nothing wrong with telling the truth.
“He’s thinking of quitting his job so he can work there full time.”
I’m washing the dishes now, trying to hide my face with my hair.  She doesn’t need to worry about my reaction.  I don’t want her to stop talking.  This is the most real thing she’s said to me in years.
“He’s barely home as it is.  Maybe if I had a baby he wouldn’t be so worried about the youth group.”
I dry my hands and turn to her, lean with my back against the sink.  This is where Julia and I always have our decent conversations, hands soapy from the dishes, backs sore from leaning against the counter.  I wish she lived closer.  I miss her.
“Maybe you aren’t supposed to have a baby with him.  You don’t seem very happy.  I don’t think a baby would fix that.”
“I think it would fix everything!” she yells and storms out of the kitchen.  So much for connecting.  I should probably let her cool off.  But I’ve had a few drinks and am quite frankly excited about this new production.  It takes the attention away from my heartache over Dad and my concern about Mother.
“Jules,” I knock softly on the bedroom door.  I can hear her sobbing and tears spring to my eyes as I hurt for her.
She’s flopped on her stomach on the bed, her beautiful brown hair spread in waves around her.  She could be thirteen, crying over a crush.
My thoughts soften to sympathy and I sit beside her for a minute, my hand on the small of her back, and let her cry.  When I sense that she is slowing down, I pull her chin up and wipe her cheeks with my sleeve.  She looks at me through her densely lashed amber eyes.
“He was so gentle.  So kind.  That’s what drew me to him.  You know, like dad,” she says.
I knew this would come around to somehow being my fault.  It always does.
She sits up, hugging a pink pillow that used to be mine.  God, how old is that thing?  I saw a show once on all of the microscopic bugs that live in old pillows.
“I think he’s gay,” she says.
I am quiet.  Finally something that is not my fault.  I’m somewhat relieved.
“I mean, I know he’s gay.  I don’t know if he knows it yet, but I think that’s why he is so involved in the church.  I think he feels guilty.  I think he’s trying to be someone else,” she says, and then in a whisper, “I think he has a crush on the guitar player.”  
Right, the guitar player.  I’ll bet he has long blond hair and looks like Jesus. A band and an overhead projector with lyrics, more like camp than church.  I guess that’s the appeal.   
“Todd must feel awful,” I say in hushed tones. “His parents are Catholic aren’t they?”
“So?” Julia asks.
“What do you mean so?  All the popes are gay.  You know that.  If you’re going to be a gay Catholic, you have to be on the career path to being a pope,” I say.
“Mom!” she says and kicks my shin.  
“There’s a huge difference between pedophilia and homosexuality,” Diana calls from through the heating vent in the connecting bathroom.  “Different game all together.  Not even on the same field.”
“We know!” Julia and I yell back through the vent.  I get up to close it.
“When did she get into sports metaphors?” I ask.
“Who cares.” Julia says.  A statement, not a question.  Good point. 
“Poor guy,” I say.
“Poor guy?  Poor Todd?  You’re kidding.  Tell me you’re kidding,” Julia says incredulously.
“Honey, he’s trying to be what he isn’t. What a living nightmare,” I say. “But I’m not on his side.”  Is there a side?  I can’t win. 
“It would have been NICE if he could have discovered his homosexuality before the wedding,” she says, picking at the fuzz on the pillow.  Probably letting all of those microscopic critters escape.  I pull the pillow away from her.
“Bastard,” I say.
Julia actually smiles.  I guess this is what she’s been waiting to hear.  Well, I could have said that a long time ago.
“Don’t be mad mom.  I’ve already done that.  I can’t do it anymore,” she sighs, her shoulders relax under the weight of the burden that has been lifted just in sharing.
“Are you going to leave him?”  I wonder how long she’s known, but I suppose it doesn’t matter.  She sits there quietly looking more tired than I’ve ever seen her.
“I miss Grandpa,” she says.
“Me too.”  Dad would have known what to do at a time like this.  He would have wrapped an arm around her shoulders, pulled her close, reassured her there were tons of straight guys out there just waiting for a chance with her.  Then he would have taken her for miniature golf and a hamburger and shake. I don’t know, something wildly inappropriate like that.
But he isn’t here.  Charles is playing obliviously outside, the world no different than it was a moment ago, the knowledge of reality crushing to only those who are privy. I could use one of his annoying little philosophicals right now.  I know it isn’t a word, but that is what they are.  I’ll give it my best shot.
“Todd needs to be set free so he can be himself.” It all makes a bit more sense now.  The missing puzzle piece so obvious once it is found. It is so hard to feel comfortable around someone who isn’t comfortable with themselves. I hope he can be at peace with who he is someday. Love should be celebrated, not hid from. Poor guy. Poor Jules.  They’ve both been in hell.
“He’s free!” Julia throws her hands up in an exasperated movement reminiscent of her tantrums as a child.  “He doesn’t know it yet, but I’ll call him and let him off the hook.”  She covers her face with her hands.  “Why is everything so hard?”  I gather her in my arms as opposed to trying to find an answer that doesn’t exist.  “I won’t be going back.  Everything I care about is in the car.”
I don’t have any room.  The grandkids have taken over her old room.  I can’t wrap my brain around the logistics of another body in my house.  I smile. “We’ll unpack at my house.  There’s plenty of room,” I say, hoping she doesn’t see through me.  Of course she is welcome, she always is.  
She leans back, looks me in the eye. “Oh, I couldn’t,” she says.  “I mean, Diana, and the kids, and you know how Dad likes quiet.”
I laugh at this.  “Yeah, well, and then there’s life.  You can stay.  And you will.”
She smiles weakly at me, knowing she has no choice.  Knowing I don’t either.

It is so good to be back home.  A semblance of normalcy after the imbalance at mother’s house, back in the rhythm of things.  I could do without the laundry and the clutter, but it is still good to be back.  I was feeling so good about returning to balance that I even roasted a chicken tonight, butter, onions, carrots, the whole deal.  And my pecan pie.  I am thinking about going out for mother of the year.
I buzz around picking up dirty socks from the family room, returning empty cups to the dishwasher.  I wonder what would happen if I didn’t do this.  They would run out of socks and cups.  Probably they would just go buy more.  Charles comes breezing in the front door from his day’s work at his veterinary office.
“Shhh!” I admonish.
He looks at me questioningly and I point to mother, asleep in the armchair in the living room. He quietly sets his stuff on the table and grabs my hand.  Great, more stuff to pick up.
“Come see this,” he says, pulling me out the front door and down the steps to the driveway. This has happened before.  This is why we have five pets already.  The rabbit that no one wanted, but he knew Carly would love.  The dove that had been shot in the wing, that he knew Jake would adore.  And then there were the three cats.  Outdoor cats mostly, unless they were asleep on the dryer.  I closed my eyes and prayed for something small.  A lizard, or mouse maybe.
But as Charles opens the rear of his station wagon, I see movement that belies something much larger.  Out of the back bounds the biggest German Shepherd I have ever seen.
“Charles, don’t do this, you know we can’t.”  He must be completely crazy.
“Her name’s Lucy,” Charles says.  Lucy lopes over to my roses and sniffs.  She’s going to pee on my roses, I think.  As if she can hear me, she looks up and acknowledges me with a wink.  I swear, she winks at me. Her eyes tell me she is just smelling the roses, thank you very much.  She gracefully prances up to me, reaches my side and in one movement turns around, nudges my hand onto her head and sits down.  We stand looking down at Charles, who, of course, is grinning from ear to ear.
Defeated, I grin back.
“Welcome home Lucy,” I say, sighing dramatically.  “Let’s go see what we can find for you to eat.”

Over our chicken that the kids barely noticed thanks to the new addition to the family- they were already romping around in the backyard together- Charles tells me about his day.
“They wanted me to put her down,” he says, shaking his head and pouring himself another glass of wine.
“But she’s perfectly healthy,” I say.  “Tell me she’s healthy.”
“Oh, yeah, she’s fine.  She’s getting old, but still has a year or two left in her. They were moving and didn’t want to pay for her transportation.  Didn’t want her to think she was being abandoned by putting her in the shelter,” he says, puts down his fork and looks at us squarely.
Diana, beating him to it, says, “can you believe that?”  Finishing her father’s stories.  A sign she has lived here too long.  
Charles continues. “I am a vet.  I can’t kill a perfectly beautiful animal.”
“What’s wrong with people?” This is also his line, but now I have beat him to it.
Charles looks at me questioningly. We have had this discussion before.  His disdain for people in general is what got him into veterinary medicine in the first place.  I know what his answer will be.  People are complicated.  Too selfish.  Too messy.   Animals are all instinct until humans get involved and mess them up.  
“She’s so big.  Are you absolutely sure she won’t hurt the kids?” Julia asks out of concern for her niece and nephew. We all gaze out the plate glass dining room window into the vast backyard.  The three are running along the edge of our property where the grass meets the field and the canyon beyond.  Three wild creatures.
“I trust her more than just about anyone I know,” Charles says, now digging into his pecan pie.  “She’s a good old girl.”  
I look at my husband in the candlelight.  Hero of animals, enjoyer of my homemade dessert.  He looks around at us, his three girls.  Mother, thank God, is still asleep in the arm chair.  I probably should have woken her for dinner, but I’m enjoying my little break.
“Doesn’t get much better than this,” he says.  Meaning the dinner, the kids, us. Our life.  
“No, it doesn’t,” I agree, covering his hand in mine.  I am overwhelmed by that feeling of gratitude that comes so rarely in our lives.  But it is overshadowed with worry over Mother.  I try not to, but I can’t stop.  I know I’ll be up all night again.  Is he that completely out of touch that he doesn’t see how hard this is for me? How can everything appear so simple for him? 
Nothing is simple. I rise to do the dishes.
“You girls go call the kids in for their bath, I’ll take care of this,” I say as I clear the table.   I wish every mess were as easy to handle as a dirty kitchen.


Charles reads while I flip through the channels.  Mother is pacing from the couch beside me and into the kitchen and back again.  I already made and fed her a late dinner, but she maintains she hasn’t eaten all day.
“Why can’t I have something to eat?” she asks angrily.
I turn off the TV and take her into the kitchen again.  I guess the full course chicken meal she ate an hour ago didn’t do the trick. I am tired of reminding her she just ate.
“What do you feel like?” I ask her.
“Well, anything would be nice,” she says.  
“How about some toast?” I ask, knowing her fondness for marmalade.  
She sits at the table which I gather means “yes.”  I place her toast, marmalade already on it, before her.
“I don’t like marmalade,” she says, pushes the toast away.
“You love marmalade,” I say, pushing it back toward her.
“Well then.  I guess I don’t anymore.  Make me something else,” she demands.  I don’t know how much more of this I can take.  It’s only been a week, and I’m determined to go find her a “home” tomorrow.  Any home other than this one. 



9.
Harold

I’ve been trying to help Grace all night.  I finally was able to get through to Lily and settle her down.
“Shhhh. Be quiet,” says Lily to Grace, who is reading to her from an old book of folk tales.  Grace will read just about anything and she knows her mother hasn’t been able to read for years.  For a while Lily pretended, but it soon became apparent to everyone that she was reading the same page over and over, not retaining a bit of the story.
Grace is quiet for a moment and I continue singing.  “I’m singin’ in the rain, just singin’ in the rain, what a wonderful feeling I’m happy again.”
Finally, she hears me. “That was one of my favorite songs.  Your Dad used to sing it to me all the time, remember?” Lily asks Grace, who is now reading the book silently to herself.  
Grace stops, really listens now.  “I don’t hear anything mom, you must be tired.  Come on, let’s get you back to bed.”
I keep singing as Grace tucks my Lily into bed.  I float down beside her, humming more softly now. I smooth the worry lines from her forehead.  She begins to relax.
“He’s here,” she says softly.  “I can feel him.”
Grace leans over and kisses her forehead.  “I’m glad.  Get some sleep Mom.”



10.
Grace

Charles comes fumbling into the bedroom around 2:00am.  I can’t sleep without him in bed beside me, so I don’t know why after all these years, he still tries not to wake me when he finally decides to turn in.
“Good book?” I ask, turning over, flipping on the light for him.
“Oh, sorry.  Didn’t mean to wake you.”
He peels off his jeans and puts his pajamas on.  Something so endearing about the fact that he still wears those old fashioned button down pajamas.  He crawls in behind me, holds me in his arms.  I can feel energy coming off of him in waves.
“This book I’m reading, there is this whole chapter on this gnat.  The gnat is born, lives for about an hour, then dies.  Just hatches and dies.  Isn’t that fascinating, I mean, what do you think the point is?”
“How is that any different from us?” I turn to face him, really look at him in the dim light.
“Well, we live longer than an hour, for one,” he says, as if this makes sense.
“Their hour is a lifetime for them.  They are born, they eat, mate and die.  What’s the difference?”
“Well, we have a purpose,” he says.
“And what would that be?” I ask.  I know he hates it when I do this.  But I have days, weeks even, when I think the whole purpose driven life is just one of luxury that we have invented.  We have everything we need.  Food on the table, roof over our heads, health insurance, life insurance.  Let’s make up something to worry about, something to do.  Everyone is unique.  Total baloney.
“My purpose is being an incredible lover,” he says playfully pulling my arm out from under my chin and drawing me close.  I tense up, not in the mood to be close.  If I relax, really let go, I will cry, and I just don’t have the energy.  He feels me tense, and smoothes my hair, holds me on his chest.  After so many years together, he really does get me.  I don’t need to say a word.
“It’s ok.  I’ve got you.  Get some sleep,” he says.  And somehow, I do. 
 I dream of a funeral.  For a gnat.  And all of the other gnats are crying, and then they die too.  And then baby gnats are born and they pick up the dead ones and put them in this big coffin.  They hatch and cry and die.  



11.
Lily

We are at my old house.  The girls are gathering, cleaning, sorting.  I know they are going to sell my house.  The money will help pay for the home they will put me in.  I know this.  They don’t think I am with it enough, but I know this.  I walk from room to room, remembering the good times we have had here.  It has been a good life.  
“Hungry mom?” Grace asks.
“No,” I say, opening the freezer.
“We’ll go out.  I know a great Mexican place.  You like Mexican, right Mom?” she asks.
She knows I do.  Why does she have to talk to me in that tone? So patronizing.
They herd me to Diana’s filthy minivan and help me climb into the front seat.  The little ones, Carly and the boy, I forget his name, are in the back yelling for Diana to put in a movie.  I guess they think this is a theater.  
“Oh, look,” Grace says from her seat behind me as we speed down the road.  She’s doing that awful tone again. “There is that gorgeous new retirement home.  We should check it out, just for fun.”
I didn’t just fall of the turnip truck.  I know they must have been planning this all along.  Reluctantly, I get out of the car, play along.  I don’t see that I have much of a choice in the matter.  
Enormous topiary cypress trees adorn the pine doors at the front entry. 
“Fish! Mom can we touch ‘em?” Jack asks, leaning into the Spanish fountain.  Diana grabs his hand and pulls him along behind us.  I would rather join him by the fountain.  Bougainvillea, saltillo tiles, smooth adobe walls. In the lobby an older gentleman plays the baby grand in the corner and a few old people, much older than me, sit on the oversized leather sofas tapping their toes. 
A lady with hairy arms and bad shoes greets us with a smile.  She is painfully thin with blonde hair the texture of straw.  I’ll bet she thinks she’s pretty.  How did she not notice the hair on her arms?  How can I trust a person with so much fuzz?  
“Let’s go look at the rooms Mom,” Grace says, propelling me forward by my elbow.
“Isn’t it beautiful here Grandma?” Julia asks.
“Yes it’s just gorgeous,” I say.  I am feeling snippy now.  They’ve already signed me up.  I can feel it.  They are probably taking me to a room that already has my name on the door.
“It isn’t home,” I say.  “When are we going home?”
They smile and pretend they don’t hear my question.  They try to distract me.  The dining room, the movie hall, the gym.  I’ve never worked out a day in my life. I can’t hear movies. Food doesn’t taste good.  
“Live a life, a real life, you shouldn’t need any of those silly machines,” I say, dismissively waving my hand toward the gym.  But the pool beckons me.  Like an old Hollywood movie set.  Palm trees, geraniums in bright blue pots, if I could just dip my toe.  I can’t swim, but I used to love the feeling of my legs just swinging freely in the water while I watched Grace play with her father. 
 From a dock, in a pool, or from a boat it doesn’t matter. Legs in the water, feet dipping in and out of view, make me feel free.
“Your room has a view of the pool Lily, let’s go take a look,” says fuzzy arm lady.
Oh, this one is smart, I think.  She has my number all right.  But she can’t win me over.  I’m not staying. She is whispering to Grace, while the girls, kids and I follow behind.
“You’ll love it here Mom,” Grace turns to tell me.  I give her a nasty look.  She reaches for me and pats my hand.  I patted her hand that way on her first day of kindergarten.  She is as scared as I am.
“Let’s have a look,” I say, giving what I hope is a brave smile.  



12.
Grace

My roses look splendid in the late afternoon light. September was always one of my favorite months.  The foggy summer months having passed, September brings fresh sunshine, stirred only by the occasional crisp breeze of the impending fall.  The rose scent is subtle, not cloying like some other roses. I always opt for the soft tea scented varieties.  I used to think rose gardens were for old ladies.  I wonder, was I wrong, or am I an old lady now?  I must have been wrong.  
I can hear the muted sounds of the television inside.  Carly and Jack are giggling at one of their shows, worn out from their swim at Mom’s new place.  Mom is miserable and confused, but she enjoys watching the kids swim, and the kids are happy to oblige.  
Knowing the little ones are settled, I sent my girls out to catch a movie.  I told them they deserved a break, and they bought it.  Really, I’m the one who needs the break, and I think I’ve finally maneuvered one.
Like clockwork, Charles comes out with a tray.  Drinks and hors d’oeuvres on our porch over looking the Santa Monica mountains and the ocean in the distance.
“Tough life, huh?” he says, reading my thoughts and settling in beside me.
“Do I enjoy it more, knowing my days are numbered?” I ask, raising my glass for our customary toast.
“You’ve always known you won’t live forever,” he says, clinking his glass against mine, helping himself to some brie.
“No,” I say, “numbered in the way that I won’t always be here, on this porch with you.  Someday our kids will do what I did this week.  Stick their mother in a home.  Wish she would just die.  They’ll wish I would just die.”
“Don’t let ‘em do it,” Charles says, sipping his scotch.  “They’ll have to take me out in a pine box,” he says decisively.  
The comfort of confidence.  The confidence of dying in his sleep, having a heart attack or stroke that kills him.  Quick, painless for everyone. 
 I worry about wasting away slowly.  Death in slow motion.  Sour smells, pill bottles, relatives standing useless, helpless at my bedside, dreaming of fresh air.  The clock, ticking endlessly, all of us just waiting. This is what I worry about. 
“What if it isn’t quick?” I ask, looking at him from the corner of my eye, hoping he doesn’t hear the catch in my voice.  My emotions are bubbling to the surface. Fragile, I might break, but I don’t want him to know how close I am.  
“There are options,” he says.  He pops a cracker in his mouth and chomps on it. I wait for him to finish his bite.  Why does he do that?  Not finish a thought, take a bite, and expect me to wait.  I find it a bit controlling.
 “You choose how you live, you choose how you die.  That’s all there is to it.”
I smile and gaze out at the view.  Such a male thing to say.  Clean, easy, done.  
When I gave birth to Julia it was messy.  My cervix tore, I shit all over the table, and when she finally made her entrance she was blue and silent, the cord wrapped around her neck.  Blood, feces, mucous.  The miracle of life. Charles was there, doesn’t he remember?  Life is messy.  Nothing easy about it.  



13.
Lily

My new place is small, but nice.  I wish my old neighbors and friends would visit, but, as they say, out of sight, out of mind.  Julia just phoned, she is on her way over.  I’ll just lie down for a bit and rest before she gets here.
I am awakened by my granddaughter as she sits on the side of my bed.
“How are you doing today?” she asks.  She looks lovely, so fresh and young.  
“Since when did you care?” I ask.  I am shocked.  I don’t know where that came from.  But she did wake me up, and she did help to put me here.
“No one ever comes to see me,” I say. A bit whiny, I know, but I am annoyed.
“That isn’t true.  Look,” she crosses the room and picks up a small book, thumbs through it.  “They’ve all signed in over the last few days.” She points to the signatures, the dates. 
“Your friends the Helix’s were here yesterday, and then in the afternoon, remember we all came and you watched the kids swim?”
 I don’t remember.  I really don’t.  My head hurts.
“Well, how about if we go to church?  It’ll be good for you,” she says.  
“When are you going home?” I ask.  
 Julia doesn’t live in town.  I can’t remember where she lives, but I only see her on big occasions, so she must not live near here.  I wonder why she is in town this time.
“I’m actually living with mom and dad now.  Todd, remember him?  He’s gay.”
“That’s nice dear,” I say.  I don’t know what she’s talking about.
“Anyway,” she says and sighs deeply, as if trying to be patient.  Ironic, when I’m the one getting my patience tried.  “I thought we could go to church first, pray for Grandpa.”
“I don’t want to go,” I say.
“Come on Grandma, we’ll get your nails done afterward.  Go to lunch, how does that sound?”
My nails do need some attention.  I stand up; open the closet to get my sweater.
“Come on, let’s go,” she says, reaches for my arm.  “What are you doing?” she asks.
Since when am I a two year old?
“I’m getting my sweater.”
“It’s 75 degrees out.  It’s a gorgeous day, you’ll be fine.” Julia rolls her eyes and heads out the door.
I’ve found it, my favorite green pullover.  I close the closet, slip on my sweater, fluff my hair and survey the situation in the mirror.  Not bad.  I turn the corner and am surprised to see Julia standing outside my room.  
“Sweetheart, what are you doing here?”  I ask.
“We’re going to church, remember?”
No, I don’t think I would have agreed to that.  But I am stuck, at the will of others.  She offers her arm, and I take it, ready to be led.

In the car on the way to church, I tell Julia about my childhood.  I don’t think I’ve ever told her how I was a beauty queen.  And I played the clarinet, and rode horseback.  I tell her all of these things now, remember them like it was yesterday.
“I know Grandma,” she says brightly, “you had a great childhood.  A talent and a beauty, I’ll bet all the boys were after you.”
“I don’t know about that,” I say.  “But what is going to happen to Ronnie now that I’m not there to care for him?”
“Ronnie.  Ronnie who?” Julia asks and turns to stare at me as we are stopped at the light.
“Reagan.  You know, our former president. Lights green.” Julia is still staring at me.    
“Green means go,” I try again, and she releases the brake.  “Nancy never cared for him the way I did, didn’t know what made him tick, how he liked his eggs, the little things. You know we used to have coffee every morning. He relies on me.”
“You saw him once at the grocery store 30 years ago.”
“Yes, we would grocery shop together too.  Ronnie and me, getting groceries.  Nancy never was very nice.  I wonder how he’s doing these days.”
“He’s dead Grandma. He’s been dead for a few years now,” Julia says. She pulls into the parking lot, checks her lipstick in the rearview mirror, and seemingly satisfied, gets out of the car.  I look up at the monstrous concrete construction.  Not a Catholic church I notice.  One of those modern looking ones.  They probably have an overhead projector and a band.  I saw that on a 60 minutes special on cults once.   
I wait for her to come around and help me out of the car.  She almost forgets, just keeps walking until she realizes I’m not behind her.  I don’t really need help out, I just want her to pretend that she cares.  Harold would have helped me, always a gentleman.  But, he’s been gone for years.  The kids tell me it’s just been a few weeks, but I know better.
We make it inside, take our seats in this auditorium of a church.  
No candles, no stained glass, no incense. “God isn’t here,” I whisper to Julia, who is filling out a card with a tiny pencil.
She doesn’t hear me, or chooses not to.  I know all about that trick.  I’m not really as deaf as they think I am.  
“God isn’t here,” I say, much louder now.  A lot of young people turn. Julia is embarrassed and fidgets with her purse, dropping the itty bitty pencil in.  
“You’ll go to hell for that,” I say, pointing at her purse.
“What are you talking about?” she hisses at me.  She is losing her cool and this makes me happy for some reason. I notice she isn’t wearing stockings, and this reminds me of the situation I’ve been having in my room.
“Are you the one that has been stealing my panty hose and shampoo?  I know it’s you,” I say glaring at her.  I can’t believe she would steal from me, her own grandmother.  “I would like for you to return my things,” I say.
“Later Grandma, we’ll talk later.  Just be quiet and listen to the pastor now, he’s about to start.” 
She pats my arm.  Is that supposed to be soothing?  I wish she would just let me be.  I look at her, spine straight, jaw muscles clenched, her ever present fake smile.  She must be worried about heaven because she is in her own personal hell.  Or maybe she just feels badly about stealing all of my things.



14.
Grace

I finished the crossword on the patio this morning and then went in for the other paper, looking for another puzzle.  I don’t start my day until I do a crossword or two, and today I have to go see mother.  While I root around for the other crossword puzzle in the kitchen, Julia corners me and fills me in about my mother.  I really don’t want to hear this.  I pour myself another cup of coffee and sit across from her at the table.  I’m thinking maybe we shouldn’t go see her for a few days.  We are all starting to look older than she does.  
“Grandma’s acting crazy,” she says.
“She has a mental illness,” I say patiently.  “She is somewhat crazy.”  Why can’t I be more compassionate?  I always have the intent of listening, and nodding sympathetically, it just never seems to work out.
“Well, she’s playing it up or something.  All I wanted to do was pray for Grandpa, and she….”
“Give it a rest, Dad is better off than the rest of us, he doesn’t need your prayers.” I say, stifling a yawn. 
“Mom, I love you, but I really wish you would read the bible more,” she says.
“Or ever,” I say somewhat under my breath.  Louder, “Is the answer in there?” I ask.
“There are many answers in there,” Julia says, her eyes alight with anew interest.  I can almost smell her enthusiasm at the chance to engage in a conversation on the topic. 
“What does it say about what to do when your mother and your daughter have both lost their minds?”
I sit helplessly and watch her face crumple into a silent sob.  That was mean.  I feel even worse when she just sits there sobbing rather than running away like Diana does.  I put my hands over hers.
“Look at me.  I didn’t mean that,” I say, waiting for her to calm down.  
“Look, Julia, I’m just saying that this stinks, ok?  I’m sorry, I’m tired, and I didn’t mean it.”
“It sucks for me too.  I lost my grandpa and my husband!  How do you think I feel?”
I hesitate for a moment because, truth be told, I haven’t really thought much about how Julia feels.  She always seems so together.
“Honey, didn’t you know, somewhere deep down, that Todd was gay?”
“How could she?” Diana asks as she stumbles into the kitchen and pours a cup of coffee.  Her kids have been up for hours.  This is ridiculous.
We both look at Diana and wait.
“Remember when they redecorated the living room and he chose those awful paisley pillows with matching curtains?” Diana asks, joining us at the table.
Julia has her head in her hands; she is shaking it back and forth.  “Don’t.  Just don’t,” she says. “I’ve had it with the gay stereotypes.  Todd is just Todd to me.  He 
just happens to be attracted to men, which, as you can see,” she says pointing to herself, “I’m not.”  
She starts crying again.  I really can’t handle this.  Can someone please just have a normal life around here?  
“I’m sorry Jules, but we’ll get through this,” I say convincingly.  I hope she buys it.  “Take a few more days, weeks even,” I say.  Not months, please don’t take months.  “Relax, mourn, figure out your next step.  We’re here for you.”  I nudge Diana.
“Yeah,” she says.  “I mean, it must really be hard for you.  No kids to support, master’s degree under your belt,” she says.  I kick her.  Everything is a competition with these two.  Whose life is worse?
“I’m going to see mother,” I say, hoping to break up this party.  “Care to join me?”  
They both pick up their coffee and silently leave the room.  Nice.  
Diana pokes her head back in.  “If I can have the day off of job searching, no guilt, I’ll go,” she says.
“Deal,” I say.  I definitely got the better end of that bargain.  Not having to be alone with my mother is priceless.  God, I hope the girls never think that about me.

Later that day, I took my time getting ready, Diana, the kids and I head off for Villa Adagio.  Funny, the disdain Mother always had for foreigners and she ends up living in a place she can’t even pronounce.
It is a beautiful Old World Spanish building that fools the eye into believing in the possibility of a resort.  The grounds boast blooming jacaranda trees, lemon, tangerine and orange trees, and the purple bursts of agapanthus.  She is finally surrounded by the scenery she felt she always deserved.  It is so sad that it is too late, she doesn’t even notice.
  We walk into the main lobby, Carly and Jack skipping ahead to the front desk.
But it is at the reception area which adjoins a huge living room that we are slapped in the face by the smell.  These elderly people around us aren’t on vacation, this isn’t a cruise ship.  And nearly everyone around us must be wearing diapers.  
“Smells like poop in here,” Jack says, waving his hand in front of his nose dramatically.  Carly shoves him with her elbow.  
“He’s six,” Diana says apologetically to no one and everyone.  
Jack starts dancing, waving his hands in the air, the poop smell liberating his famous fart dance, where he thrusts his bottom out and then makes gross noises under his arm pit.
“Cool it,” Diana says through gritted teeth and grabs his hand.
I’ve signed us all in.  Someday this will be me in here.  No, I could never afford it.  I’ll be stuck in one of those awful bedsore ridden institutions.  Or maybe Charles and I will go together, a plane crash or something, before it comes to this.
“Mom, you ok?”  Diana turns to wait for me.  I smile.  I don’t mean it, the smile, but it’s good enough for her.
The kids fight over who gets to push the buttons to get into the memory ward.  Why it is hard to get in, I don’t know.  No one really wants to go in.  The code is suspiciously easy.
“1,1,2,2,2,” I say slowly as Carly punches the buttons.  We wait.  Nothing happens.
“You didn’t do it right.  You always think you know everything but you don’t,” Jack says, trying to wiggle in between her and the number pad on the wall.
“No, wait. 2,2,1,1,1,” I say pulling Jack back so Carly can try again.  Diana thinks I’m losing it too.  I give her a warning look.  Don’t even go there.
The orderly greets us and tells us mom is in her room, worn out from painting in art class all morning.  We all smile.  What a great place.  Arts and crafts.  Good stuff.  
She is asleep on top of her bedspread, curled in a fetal position.  It is sad how we all just walk in, find her so vulnerable.  I rub her back, “Wake up mom, the kids are all here to see you.”  
She seems embarrassed at our unannounced arrival, but happy to see us.  She knows me and Carly by name, which I know must really hurt Diana.  Jack could care less.   Her hair is a mess she says, and in exaggerated, hushed tones, so all of us can hear her, so are her bowels.  She hasn’t emptied them in weeks, AND she has horrible diarrhea to boot. Constipated with diarrhea.  I wrap an arm around her and try to be sympathetic.  Diana gives me a look that says ‘be nice.’
“They sent me here to die,” Mother says, looking directly at Carly.  “Such a beautiful girl.  I used to have a sister you know.  Looked a lot like you, but she died when she was about your age.  Horse kicked her.  Shot the horse.  Wish they’d take me out like a horse and shoot me,” she says, shaking her head.
“Mom,” I say to stop her.  Please just stop.  Diana has taken Carly into the hall and I hear Carly crying.  “Why does she want to die?” she asks her mother. I hear Diana comforting her in motherly tones, and I’m glad it is her out there and not me.  Maybe this is too hard for the kids, I think.  Maybe this is too hard for me.
Jack is distracting himself in the way men and boys do, by pacing around and looking at things.  Pretending he isn’t surrounded by crazy women.  
“Let’s take the kids to the pool Mom.” I say.  “It’ll be fun.”  Can she hear the desperation in my voice?  I think she can.  I think she likes it.  Always was manipulative.
“I have to shit first,” she says, pats her bottom and hurries to the bathroom.  
We wait patiently. Finally we hear a flush and she comes out looking a bit better.  She also looks a bit surprised to see us.
“Let’s go to the pool Great Grandma,” Jack says, reaching for her hand.  I don’t think she remembered to wash them. I guess the chlorine will be good for him.
“O.k.  But first, I need to go shit,” she says.  She rubs her bottom menacingly and turns back around toward the bathroom.
“We’ll just take a look around outside Mom,” I call through the partially closed bathroom door.  “Come out into the courtyard when you’re done.” I know she won’t remember to look for us.  If I have enough strength, I’ll come back in and get her.  The kids deserve a swim, may as well take them over to the pool now that we’re here.  I wish their coffee bar were a real bar.



15.
Lily

My family came to visit me today.  Or was it yesterday?  I know it was recently because they signed their names in my book.  Someone named Diana and a scribble that says ‘Jack’ I think.  Don’t know who that could be.  But I remember Carly, my great grand daughter, what a beauty.  And then it says that Grace was here.  Well, I know that.  I think it is so nice when they sign in and I can look at their names.  
It’s almost 4:00.  Snack time.  I need to go help the kitchen staff hand out the Jell-O. The people who work here are lazy and fat.  I don’t know what they would do without me.  Honestly.
 I hope it’s lime Jell-O today.  I never did like the cherry.  I’m not sick like the rest of the people in here.  They are so old.  Some of them even drool.  And table manners, forget it.  Pigs, that’s what they are.  I’d better go help.
“Hi Lily.  How are you feeling?” a lady in a white coat asks me.  All fake smiles and pretend concern.  
“How much do you get paid?” I ask.  Why did I ask her this?  
“You slept through snack time.  Why don’t you take a walk?”
“I don’t want to take a walk,” I snap back.  What a bitch this lady is.  Can’t she tell I’m not a baby? Why is there always someone rubbing my back?
“I’m going for a walk,” I say.  I am proud of myself for sounding so defiant.  It’s my life.  I go out into the courtyard and sit under my tree.
There is a slight breeze, just enough that I can smell the ocean.  Salty and sweet all at the same time.  I breathe deeply.  If I were way up in this oak tree, I bet I could even see the sea.  I would climb it if the idiots that work here would let me.  But for now, I will just sit.  
On the bench, if I lean back far enough, I can rest my head against the oak tree.  I can feel it, the life humming through the trunk of this tree.  Energy, filling up the trunk, running through the branches all the way out to the leaves. I don’t feel that same force of life inside me anymore.  It used to be there, but now my head hurts. Sometimes I think I can feel my brain dying, tangled roots brittle. The doctors prescribe pills for it, but on some days, especially when I am alone, sitting beside my tree, I know what’s happening. 
I lose most of my time.  I just don’t know where it goes or what I do.  I can’t remember what I had for breakfast, or if I’ve even had breakfast.  Little things like this scare me.  I’m not sure of anything.
The doctors have a fancy foreign sounding name for it.  Alzheimer’s they call it. Most days I walk around in a fuzzy haze.  But sometimes, I have clear moments.  I know exactly where I am and who I am.  And I know that I am very ill.
  They can’t fix it, and every day, I lose little pieces of myself. 



16.
Grace

The reality of the kids, grandkids, and the house is starting to wear on me.  Really, it’s just Mother.  I wouldn’t feel so on edge if I didn’t dread the phone ringing, the sound of her voice on the line, needing me.  I dream of white sand, a trashy novel, crystal clear water.  Nobody needing me.  Nobody caring if I drop off the face of the earth.  Just for one day, that’s all I need.
I’m thinking of getting back to my art.  If I’m not solely a caretaker for everyone, maybe I’ll feel less resentful.  But nothing holds my attention.  No concept is mind-blowing enough to pursue. Watercolors are too pale, oils are too permanent, and charcoal is too grey. Landscapes are lonely, empty.  Abstract, realist, nothing looks like it makes any sense.  Maybe I should change mediums, become a sculptor or a poet.  But this would take that awful start up time.  The emotional investment period of not knowing if I am just learning, or just not good enough.  I don’t have the energy.  
I am still mourning Dad.  Maybe I should just go easy on myself for a few months, ride out the wave.  Try to find and hold onto the little bits of pleasure in the moments that make up my day.
Lucy and I have become an inseparable pair over the last few weeks.  I admit, even to Charles, that I have fallen in love.  She warms my feet as I drink my morning coffee on the back porch.  The sacred minutes when the house is quiet, the grandkids are off to school, my girls are still asleep.  The phone hasn’t started ringing, the caffeine in my system not yet urging me onto the morning chores.  We take it in together.  I think she gets it.
Then she goes up and down the stairs with me, gathering laundry, making beds. The latter I do in order to assure that the girls don’t sleep in any longer.  She pretends to protect me from the vacuum cleaner as I run it upstairs, snarling and nipping at it as it advances toward her.  I don’t need to vacuum as much as I do, but it seems to irritate the girls, still warm in their dreams.  “Mooommmmm!” they moan at me as if they are still teenagers. But they no longer have that right, so I throw open their curtains with a cheerfulness I hope to actually feel someday.
 Sometimes in the early afternoons Lucy and I break away.  She draws me outside for walks through the fields and canyons behind my house. If the girls are home sometimes they join us, but usually it is just the two of us.  These are the moments, sparkling ocean in the distance, warm sun on my back, that I regain my sense of balance.
I used to hesitate to hike in the canyons and down the path to the beach alone.  I wasn’t really afraid, just not excited about the prospect of running into an evil stranger, or stepping too near a sunbathing rattle snake. But Lucy gives me a peaceful freedom. We take on the world together. We talk to each other in our thoughts. We know each other.
Silence warms me, coddles me, and Lucy and I share the silence without me having to endure loneliness.  Somehow, what used to feel monotonous has been made bearable again.  And in these moments I am content with my place.  I am here. Just please don’t anyone look at me funny at the grocery store, or honk at me when I hesitate at the light.  I am walking a tightrope, gripping tightly with my aching toes.  If the wind doesn’t blow and a butterfly doesn’t alight on my shoulder I’ll be fine.  
Next month, when I am more organized, I will pay closer attention to the details.  I will iron on a regular basis.  I will water the plants, go out to lunch with my neglected girlfriends, get into a good book, actually read the newspaper instead of relying on CNN highlights.
  I will even notice the waxing of the moon and how it affects my mood. Menopause is settling in, making a home in my aging body.  How am I supposed to nurture everyone when I am shriveling up, drying out?  I suppose it is up to me, I can transition gracefully. From a mother to a wise crone.  But I am still in the part of mother. I don’t know how to be who I am when everyone wants me to be who they need.
I must care for myself before there is nothing left to give.  I should eat when I am hungry and sleep when I am tired. I should allow myself this period of grief, of hibernation at least between 8:30 and 2:00 Monday through Friday.   
Unless one of my grandkids is home sick, or Diana needs a pep talk, or Julia feels like having a meaningful conversation.  I’m still waiting for this and I feel like she is getting so close to opening up.  My warm loving Julia is in there somewhere, I just need to stand by and wait.  
And then there is Charles.  He used to be the focus of my life after the girls left.  But now I know that I have pushed him off to the side.  I miss him, but he doesn’t seem to need me like the rest of them do right now.  Besides, I don’t think he minds being on the sidelines for the time being.  It is less chaotic there.   
I dread dealing with Mother.  I can handle everything else, but it is if there is a stranger in my mother’s body.  
“I want to die,” she says.  How am I supposed to respond to that?  Scraped knees, broken hearts, I can handle these.  I am capable and efficient, able to put out the little fires.  But this big one, this Alzheimer’s, none of us really know what to do.
Charles is bothered by it as well, but he can’t really fix it, so he manages what he can.  He deals with the finances, the doctors, the legal papers.  But what of the guilt?  I need someone to share the burden of the guilt that I am dealing with.  
“Get off the cross,” he says to me.  He means it as a joke, but it isn’t funny.  I can never do enough, visit her enough, say the right thing. I am overwhelmed with the burden of it all.  If I go see her she complains that I never go.  So I go more often, and she doesn’t remember me going at all and becomes agitated.  If I go less, my guilt eats at me, nibbling at my insides, keeping me awake at night. 
 Charles snores beside me, mocking me as I lay awake for hours.  The clock creeps toward morning, my body protests.  I am tired, I must sleep.  But I can’t let Carly and Jack go to school without seeing them off with a healthy breakfast and a kiss on the cheek.  So in the morning I compensate, make a huge pot of coffee to help me get through the day.  And then I am up all night again, caffeine humming through my system. 
 I take it all on, take it all in.  That is what I do.  Women; takers on of the world. We can’t do it forever. This must be why the longer we live, the more likely we are to lose our minds.  At some point, we have no choice but to shut down.  We care for our bodies.  Vitamins, exercise, sunscreen.  But the mind is a tricky thing, wound through with emotion, personality, genetics, guilt. It gets us in the end, returning us to the state of rebellious teenagers, naughty toddlers, drooling babies.  Shuts us down as it rewinds us.   
Charles and I are going to have to talk about this.  I refuse to go out like this.  I refuse.

I am thinking about taking some adult-ed classes.  I got the catalog in the mail this morning, but Charles thinks this is too much of a commitment.  I don’t remember asking his opinion, but I guess after 35 years of marriage he feels entitled.  This is too bad, as for once, I would like to do something for myself without anyone feeling as if they have a right to comment.
“But I want to travel with you.  Celebrate life!” he says.  He’ll take some time off from his clinic and he doesn’t want me to worry about missing my yoga class on Tuesday nights.  These are his words.  I would never take yoga.  I was thinking of something artistic, or even musical.  Something that will remind me to celebrate the beauty of life. I don’t want to be reminded of my stiff limbs, the ones that make me feel old in the morning when I hobble to the bathroom. 
I think it is fairly hilarious that he thinks a class would keep me from traveling.  I resent  that he doesn’t feel the burden of mother the way I do. It isn’t as if I can just leave her for a month.  And the girls are going through a rough time right now.  They need us.  One class, an hour a week, that’s all I was aiming for, and now he has us dropping everything and traveling the world.
  I know Julia and Diana will be fine without us. In fact, they may even thrive, really come into themselves.  I find myself also resenting them for living with us, yet I’m afraid to put my foot down, give them a deadline.  I don’t want to push them away, never to return.   They distract me, give me a purpose.  I don’t know what I want.
They could cover for me, take care of mother.  It isn’t quite as hard for them as they are more indulgent of her moods, it not being their mother.  Charles doesn’t even think she would notice us leaving.  
“Tell her you were just in.  Yesterday.  She won’t even know the difference,” he says to me.
I am torn between the genius in his plan and the sickness of it.  
“You have to keep living,” he says.  “Even more so now.”
“Now what?” I ask.  “Now that my mother is sick?  My father is dead.  Now that I am on the same path -aging-  heading in the same direction?”
“Part of the journey,” he says.  He always says that.  It sounds so wise, but I’m not sure what to do with this information.  Sad, tired, angry.  Isn’t that part of the journey too?  I want to ask him this, but he will give me a lecture on optimism which I know I won’t be able to handle.  
I pour us both a cup of coffee and we sit at the table, sun streaming in, illuminating the dust motes that so quickly cover the furniture. The leaves are starting to turn.  Orange, red, yellow, their last burst of color before they dry up and fall. I remind myself that the sun isn’t dying too, it is just lower, having a party on the other half of the earth.
“Where would you like to go?” I ask, forcing a smile.
“Anywhere.  I can have Jim cover for me at the clinic for as long as you want,” he says.  He lifts his mug and clinks mine in a salute.  “Time to live it up.”
I lean back, put my feet up on his knees.  It is nice how I know he doesn’t like it when I do this, but he lets me anyway.  “How about Italy?” I ask, testing the waters.  We went to Italy years ago and found it somewhat daunting, the fast cars, crowded cities.  Romance seemed hidden in the countryside, but a strange obligation kept us in the city touring museums and cathedrals.   
“We could tour the rural areas of France, Italy and Spain.  Forget the cities.  I am not in a city mood.”  I look at him, wait to see what he will say, knowing already.
“You can’t go to France and not see the Eiffel tower,” he says.  I knew he would say that.
“I can,” I say.
Surprising me, he places my feet back on the ground, reaches for my hand pulls me up and into his arms in a silent dance.  “Well, then.  I can too.”
I step back so I can see his face.
“Seriously?  No galleries.  No tours? Just us and a little rented car.  Villas and cottages and the country?”
He nods.  “Why not?”
I hug him.  This is just what I need. 
 The phone rings.  Harsh and shrill in my quiet bliss.  Charles reaches for it, mumbles a little, hands it to me.  It’s the manager at the memory ward at Villa Adagio.  I sink back down into my chair, steel myself for what is to come.  Charles is pale.  She must be gone.
“It’s your mother,” fuzzy arm lady says.  I can’t remember her name, but I would recognize her voice anywhere.
Obviously, I want to say.  “Is she…..”
“Oh, no, nothing like that,” fuzzy lady nervously giggles.
I should be relieved, but I realize I am not.  What kind of daughter hopes for her mother to be dead?
“She is accusing one of the night orderlies of raping her last night.  There was some blood, so we took her to the emergency room.  They examined her.  She hasn’t had sex in years.”
“What are you saying?  What was the blood from?” I ask.
“The doctors think it’s cervical cancer.  We’re waiting for definitive results.  I guess she hallucinated the rape scene as a way to explain the blood in her bed.”
“Where is she?” I ask, glancing toward Charles who is already waiting with his keys and wallet at the door.
“She’s at St. Mary’s. Room 206.”
I put our coffee mugs in the sink and leave the kitchen, plans of our European vacation vanishing behind me as I rush out to meet Charles in the driveway.
I think I am being punished for having the nerve to think of a vacation when my own mother was in the hospital.  What kind of a miserable person am I?  

Mom is sleeping when we get to her room. So small and pale.  The doctor pulls us into his office.
“We’ll take out her cervix and she’ll be as good as new.”
I snort at this, surprising myself and causing Charles to look at me with concern and an expression he has when he thinks I may be only a few steps away from needing electro shock therapy.  
“Sorry, but good as new?  You’ve got to be kidding me,” I say.
The doctor smiles, leans back and thumbs through Mom’s chart, searching for something he may have missed.
“Alzheimer's,” I whisper.  If I don’t whisper I will scream.
“Oh, right,” he says quietly, stroking his neatly trimmed beard.  Gross.  He throws her file on the desk.
“Right,” he says more loudly now.  Now he knows what he is talking about.  “She came in from Villa Adagio’s memory wing. Well, we should be able to take care of the cancer.  I’m not making any promises, we’ll get in, you know, look around and hope it hasn’t spread.”
“I thought cervical cancer was bad,” I interrupt.  I tend to do this with doctors, interrupt them.  They  disturb me, never seeming to talk about the real issues.  “You did say it was cancer,” I say, picking at the arms of the chair.   
“Ovarian is far worse.  If all goes as planned, we’ll be able to remove her cervix, and she should make a complete recovery.”
“Oh, good,” I say, my voice rising in hysteria.  “She’ll be able to recover.  Except for the Alzheimer’s. That will get her in a much more painful, disgusting way.  Well, that is GREAT news,” I say, fumbling for my purse and standing, waiting for Charles to join me.  “Thank you so much doctor. What was your name again?”
He ignores me, addresses Charles as if I’m not in the room.  Medication for her pain, her hallucinations, new medication for her memory loss, her anxiety attacks.  An anti-depressant.  But those are just his opinions.  We need to go over it with the doctor on staff at Villa Adagio.  So much to do, but nothing will make her better.
“Yeah, just drug her up,” I say.  I will not let them pretend I’m not here.  “If you get her on the right ones we can just wheel her around while she moans and drools,” I say.  They stop talking and look up at me. I am poised to leave, hand on the doorknob. Charles rises, reaches for my hand as if I am a child.
“Thank you,” Charles says.  Nods an apology for me.  I hate it when he does that.  
“You have a lot to talk about,” says the doctor. He stands, rubs his hands together, waits for us to leave. Problem solved. Next.  

We go to lunch and pick at our food. Well, I pick at mine.  Charles’ appetite doesn’t seem to be swayed by a little stress. 
“He was so unspecific,” I whine.  “I mean, ‘she has a little cancer, we’ll just take it out.’ He didn’t give me the chance to tell him to slow down, dumb it down, in English please.”
Charles sinks his teeth into his burger with such relish I could slap him.  I am so angry.
He wipes his mouth meticulously with his napkin.  “They can’t fix her.  We’re just on a detour.  The doctor knows that this is the least of our problems right now.”
As if on cue, my cell phone rings.  It is Villa Adagio.  I hesitate to answer.  “This is Grace,” I say.  What now? I think.
“We need you and your husband to come in for a meeting,” Shelly says, yes, that is fuzzy armed lady’s name.  Thank God I remembered, I was beginning to feel like Mother.  I wonder what Shelly’s job really is.  Does she spend all of her time recruiting new residents and calling their children with bad news?  
“What time?” I ask.
“As soon as you can make it,” she says.  I flip the phone back into my purse and sit patiently, or at least I hope I look like I have all of the time in the world, and wait for Charles to finish his burger.

Matt, the staff psychiatrist, is wearing flip flops and jeans.  Fairly unprofessional, but really, who cares?  He is young enough for one of my daughters.  I make a mental note.  He and Shelly are waiting for us in the memory unit staff room when we get there.  They don’t look happy.
“We’re having your mother speak to a psychiatrist right now.  She seems angry and is making accusations,” Shelly says.  I look at Matt, this Shelly is already getting on my nerves.
Matt is so young, I wonder why he has chosen to surround himself with the mental problems of the elderly.  He stands, offers us coffee, which we turn down, and we all sit. He looks at us pointedly, “Your mother has accused our overnight orderly Juan of rape.”
I cover my face with my hands and lean on the table.  Frozen.  If I stay still, maybe this will all go away.
“Well, we all know Juan didn’t do anything,” Charles says.  
“I think she saw the blood on the sheets and tried to explain it away by linking it with the last person she saw.” Matt is going through his files.  “We’ve had no complaints on Juan before, and have no reason to…”
“Oh stop it.  We all know Mother made it up,” I say.  Story over. Let’s go.
“She’s also saying that you neglect her,” Shelly says.
“Neglect her!  You’ve got to be kidding. You’re kidding.”  Shelly is looking at me like I am mentally challenged and I am sure to catch on soon.  “We pay you a ton of money not to neglect her!”  
“Unfortunately we have no choice but to do an investigation.  The police are already involved.  They’ll be looking into the rape charges as well as the neglect charges. We’ve sent Juan home until further notice,” Shelly says.
“But Mom is in here for a reason.  Alzheimer’s, hallucinations, holes in her sanity. There is no need,” I say.  I am pleading now. 
 I picture Juan at home, trying to figure out how to put food on the table for his family.  How many lives can she ruin?  
“We just wanted to keep you apprised of the situation. I’m sure everything will work out,” Shelly says, closing Mom’s file.  Mother’s picture leers at me from the front of the binder like a mug shot.
Matt gives us a weak smile.  “I’m sorry to hear about the cancer,” he says.
“Sorry it won’t kill her?” I ask.  I’m really being awful.  
“I’m sorry she isn’t well.  That’s all I meant.  I know this is hard.  My Grandmother died from this disease. It’s an ugly disease,” he says, throwing his hands up. “No getting around it.  Call me if you need anything,” he says, standing to usher us out.  “I’m going to look into changing her meds, but I’ll call you before we make any decisions. And don’t worry.  The investigation charges of neglect won’t be substantiated.” He puts his hand on my shoulder.  Did they teach him that in school, a gentle touch, a concerned tone, or does he really care?  I want to hate him, but I find that I can’t find it within.  I am exhausted. 

I lie in bed, listen to Charles as he snores, push him to his other side.  Quiet now, only the sound of my thoughts banging around like an annoying song I can’t get out of my head.  Cancer. I used to be terrified of cancer.  To think that it could have saved us from any more Alzheimer’s.  Could have been the ticket, but no, the doctors are too competent, they can just get rid of it.   
But why do I want her to die?  It is inconvenient for me to visit her.  Am I that shallow, that hedonistic?  I worry about her, alone there, missing Dad.  I worry that she won’t know my name someday soon.  I know that is just around the corner.  That flash of recognition, replaced with the blank stare, mother saying, “don’t I know you?’”  I’ve done my homework, read the books, researched online.  This has nowhere to go but down.  Way down.  
I do want her to die.  I feel guilty about this, but deep down, I wish she would go.  She is making everyone who loves her miserable. 
How can I be so selfish?  But it isn’t selfish really.  Mother isn’t enjoying one bit of her life either. In fact, I know that when she has her lucid moments, she is the most miserable of all of us, by far. And she is turning into an empty shell, one that doesn’t even realize that she herself is wasting away, turning into something other than what she is.  
I stare at the clock.  1:27.  An owl hoots from the oak tree in the back. Out on the prowl, enjoying a break before soaring off over the fields, hunting for dinner.  What am I going to make for dinner tomorrow?  I need to go to the grocery store.  From a house of two, to a house of six.  All I ever do is feed people. I don’t feel like talking to the cashier, the produce guy, the butcher.  Or what if I see someone I know?  They could ask about Dad, or worse, Mother.  I will get all choked up and be embarrassed.  I will want to run.  I am so tired.  



17.
Lily

I have been in the hospital for a long time.  The nurses say it has just been a few days, but it feels like longer.  They are trying to trick me.  Everyone is always trying to trick me.
 They did some sort of surgery, my abdomen is sore and it is hard to move.  Grace says it was cancer, but I remember being attacked.  It was after breakfast I think at the other place.  One of those old bats got angry that I didn’t like her hair and kicked me.  She’s the one that’s been stealing my shampoo.  She’ll get what she has coming.  
My Harry’s been dead for years.  Grace says it has only been a few months, but I don’t know what she is talking about. Always coming to sit and just talk.  There is nothing to talk about.
Why doesn’t anyone visit me?  
I want to get back to my old place.  This hospital food is terrible and they are always waking me up to poke me, turn me, check me.  I’d be fine if they would leave me alone.  
I can’t see the TV from here and the books that Grace brought are just too complicated. I find myself reading the same page over and over, but nothing settles in my mind in any order.  The clock moves in slow motion and then jumps ahead.  I eat breakfast, and then all of a sudden they are waking me for dinner.  I eat dinner, and watch the moon as it rises over my lovely view of the parking lot.  Nice.  I have all of this money and they stick me near the parking lot.
  I watch the families as they park.  Some are in a hurry.  They look scared and are rushing to meet someone or carrying a sick child.  The ones who take their time, re-tie their shoes, look back longingly at their car, must be visiting someone like me.  When did I become this person? This person that is a burden.  Someone to be shoved aside, forgotten like a pair of worn out shoes.
 I remember as if it were just the other day my first day in first grade.  Pink ribbons, patent leather shoes, horse waiting for me outside.  Grandfather shopping nearby in town, making sure I wouldn’t need him.  Apple pie waiting for me at home.
And my first crush at age 12.  He couldn’t have been much older, young ranch hand, brown skinned and exotic.  He would ride by showing off on his beautiful Palomino, and my heart would sink to swim in my stomach.  What a delicious feeling.  
The doctor comes in and I smile at him.
“How are you feeling Lily?”
“You are a handsome man,” I say.  He pats my hand.  I am old enough to be his grandmother.  I am asexual in the eyes of the world, to be tolerated, patted, pushed away.  
“We’ll be getting you back home today, sound good?” he asks me.
“I don’t have a home.”  
“Remember, Villa Adagio?  It’s a beautiful place. The best money can buy. Like a resort, really. Or a stationary cruise ship,” he sighs. “I could use a vacation,” he says gazing out over the parked cars. “Anyway, your friends will be missing you.”
No one would miss me if I dropped dead right now.  I think this, but I know not to say it.  People aren’t comfortable around the truth, and I don’t feel like being patronized. 



18.
Grace

I surprise the girls by offering to take them to lunch.  Julia needs to get out.  She has been moping around the house in her pajamas for days.  I understand she lost her husband, but she needs to pick herself up now.  Poor Diana needs a break from the job interviews.  It really is tough out there.  I feel for her and thank God I don’t have to go get a job.  I’m afraid she may have to settle if something doesn’t break soon.
In the car on the way to lunch, we talk about Carly and Jack.  They are both doing well, thriving on the attention that all of us bathe them with.  There are intricacies that Diana has kept to herself lately as I’ve been so consumed with Mother.  Although she’s bogged down by the details of motherhood, I find them oddly refreshing right now.  
There are teachers she doesn’t see eye to eye with, braces she doesn’t know how she’ll afford, book reports due, Halloween costumes to buy.  Or do we think they’re spoiled, should they just throw an outfit together by themselves?  I soak it all in, the mom details that take over, seem so important at the time.  It is a good life she has. I would give anything for these small concerns, these little life affirming issues.
“How’s Grandma?”  Julia asks, clearly getting bored, or maybe even jealous of Diana’s mothering issues.
I fill them in on the “rape” that we haven’t been able to discuss at the dinner table with the kids present.  And then there is the investigation, the cancer they have cured.  
“Juan is back at work.  I guess they finally realized that Mom has been hallucinating for years.  Remember last year at Christmas when all of a sudden she thought she saw a chicken flying around her head?”
Diana laughs at this and Julia gives her a dirty look.
“Oh, come on,” Diana says.
“It is funny,” I say.  “Laugh with us.  Please?” I beg her as I pull into the parking lot by the restaurant on the lake.  How can things be so terrifying at the time, and so amusing later?  
“She thinks people are stealing from her,” Julia says.  “I went to see her at the hospital yesterday and she told me about the shampoo she’s been missing.”
“She has 16 bottles of Suave in her drawer.  I keep buying them for her, and she’s hoarding them,” I say. 
“Suave Mom?” Diana says.
“Some of us,” I look at her, “don’t spend our money on frivolous products.”  
 “What else did she say?” Diana asks her sister, giving me a dirty look.
“Nothing really,” she says.  We follow the waitress to our seat and settle in, order our iced tea.   “She was quiet.  I asked her if she missed Grandpa and she said he’s been dead for years.”  
The iced tea comes and we all put our own choice of sweeteners in.  The girls opt for that chemical stuff in order to save calories, whereas I would rather live less dangerously and indulge in the extra whole 16 calories.  Julia waits for our attention to return to her.
“I said something I shouldn’t have,” she says quietly.  “I told her it was ok for her to go.”
“Go where?” Diana asks.
“Shut up,” Julia says and falls back in the booth.  
“Kidding, God.  Lighten up,” Diana says.  “Did she drop dead right there?”
“Stop it,” I say.  “I’m glad you did that honey.  That took a lot of courage,” I say.  Courage that I don’t have yet.  I can’t believe she feels this way though. 
 I am so glad we are all aware of how much she is suffering. 
“It sounds so awful.  I mean, I just don’t want her to feel she needs to hang on because of us.  Don’t you think she would be better off if…” Julia says.
“Of course I do.  I’m really proud of you for saying that to her.  It might make a difference.  What do you think Diana?” I ask.
“I’ve been saying that to her for years,” Diana says.  I’m not surprised by this.  She has always been so realistic and practical.  “But what did she say to you?” Diana asks Julia.
“She said it wasn’t her time yet, or she wouldn’t still be here.  She said she wants to go, but that it isn’t her choice. I hope she doesn’t think I want her to die.”
“She doesn’t think that,” I assure Julia.  “And if she did, she wouldn’t remember it anyway.  Just wait ‘til she starts bitching about us all wanting to lay our hands on her fortune.  I get an earful from her friend Victoria, you know the one with the purple pants suit,” I say.
“Like the one you have?” Diana asks.  
“She’s always telling me that her kids are just waiting for her to kick the bucket,” I continue.  “I keep telling her if they wanted her money, she wouldn’t be in Villa Adagio.  Pity how we work our whole lives to enjoy a place like that, and when we get there it is too late.”  
I am blabbering and lecturing.  I don’t know what I am doing. “Where’s our waitress?” I ask, looking around hopefully.  
“Is Dad coming?” Julia asks.  I nod, just like old times.  This is our tradition.  Charles will meet us here, having driven separately so he can beg off when we go shopping.  For every Saturday since the girls were old enough to appreciate it, I’ve treated them to shopping and lunch.  It isn’t as shallow as it may sound.  They open up over lunch, and show me glimpses of themselves while perusing our favorite shops around town.
The sun sparkles on the lake, sailboats and kayaks cruise by.  I feel at home here in the outdoors, on this little lake in my canyon by the sea, surrounded by family.
“Let’s kill her,” Diana says, palms on the table, hazel eyes round with the shock of her very own statement.
“Jesus Diana!” Julia says.  Well, at least she is loosening up a bit with the strict religious stuff.
I look at Diana and wait for her to laugh.  She flips her brown hair back over her shoulders.  I catch a glimpse of the purple that she dyed it underneath.  “Why ruin perfectly good hair?” I asked her last week.
“Hair is just dead substance Mom.  May as well mess with it and have some fun,” she said.  She has a point I guess, but it just looks so unnatural.  I didn’t bring this up with her though, she’s too smart.  She might bring up how our pierced ears and makeup aren’t exactly natural either.  Sometimes I just don’t have the energy.
“I’m serious,” Diana says now.  “She is way too far gone to do it herself.  She doesn’t even realize how miserable she is half of the time,” she says.
“Exactly.  She isn’t suffering.  We’re the ones suffering.  To get rid of her would be selfish,” Julia says.  I can’t believe we are talking about “offing” my mother.   
“She’s suffering too, believe me,” Diana says.
“Girls,” I say.  “Girls!” I say again.  I don’t know what
else to say.  Why are they talking like this?
“Sorry Mom.  It’s just…..how long do you think she’ll go on like this?” asks Julia.
“Could be another ten years,” Diana says.
God, I really hope not.  I’ll be dead way before then. 
“Here comes your father,” I exclaim a bit too excitedly and wave him over. 
I am shocked as always as to how handsome he is when I see him in public and he doesn’t know I have already spotted him.  His dark hair is graying at the temples and brings out the sparkle in his green eyes. He looks so masculine in his turtleneck sweater and I swell with pride.  I wish my girls could be so lucky.  He catches my eye, and I am no longer an observer.  That awareness is gone and we are a team again.
“Ladies,” he says dramatically and gives us each a peck on the cheek.  He scoots in beside me and helps himself to my iced tea and a slice of bread.
“Your mother,” he begins and looks pointedly at me.  I lean back and cross my arms.  Closed off, I don’t want to hear it.  I plead silently, don’t say anything.  Let us at least enjoy our lunch.  “Your mother had an accident after they settled her back into Villa Adagio.”
“What happened?  Is she ok?” Julia asks, face pale with concern. 
“She had an accident in her pants,” he says.   “Remember how we told you we were trying to convince her to wear, well, you know, but she won’t?  Anyway, they came in to get her for dinner and she was just smearing it on the walls.”
“Charles!” I exclaim. 
He looks at me as if I am the one who has lost it.  I am speechless.  I mean, he didn’t have to bring this up at lunch.  What is one supposed to say when they hear this about their mother?  The same mother that only uses 2 ply scented toilet paper in the powder room, stocked with essential oils and candles and plush towels, all white please.
“What?  Why? What?” Julia asks.  The waitress stops at our table.
“She shit and smeared it around,” Diana tells her.  “Old people do stuff like that.  You know, like they’re babies,” she says.
“Sounds like she’s angry,” Julia says.
“You’re giving her too much credit,” Charles says.  “She doesn’t know how she feels.”
“Hi.  My name is Kelly. Welcome to the Lakeside. Can I take your drink order sir?  Or would you like to hear some specials? Today we have…”
She doesn’t wait for an answer I notice.  She is off, spewing forth her knowledge of the ingredients of the specials.  Whatever happened to just naming the entrees?  Do I need to know whether the cracked peppercorn is red or black?  Do I have to know whether the squash soup is acorn or butternut?  I look at Charles.  He is a man.  It’s his job to make her stop, but he just sits there listening.. 
“This isn’t a good time,” I say. “Would you mind coming back in a minute?” She stops, cut short mid-sentence.  She looks around at her other filled tables, the line that is forming with hungry impatient people.  Now I feel guilty.  So many implications to me not wanting to hear the specials.  She huffs off and I wait for Charles to continue.
“Well?” I ask.  He is buttering another slice of bread with the ultimate in care.  This is a stalling tactic.  I can wait.
“I guess when they knocked her out for the surgery, the anesthesia killed off even more of her brain cells.  Her brain was already dying at a fairly rapid rate, and the anesthesia sped things up.”
“So are things going to go quickly now?” Diana asks. 
“It could be another 5, 10 years.  Could be tomorrow.  She might still have good days, she might get worse daily, it is so hard to tell,” Charles says.
“But why would she do that?  Put it all over the walls,” Julia asks.
I know there isn’t an answer to this question, but I know Charles, as her father, will try to answer her.
He shrugs his shoulders.  “No idea,” he says.  I don’t think I’ve ever heard him say that.  He’ll say, “we’ll have to look that up,” or, “we’d better call so- and-so to ask,” but never, has he said he has no idea.  We’re in deep.



19.
Lily

They’re irritated with me. I can tell, even though I don’t know why.
There are people in my room cleaning something off of the walls and shampooing the carpet.  Someone came in here and made a real mess.  I don’t know who would do such a thing.  They bathe me and give me some medicine so I can sleep.  I wish they hadn’t put the white nightgown on me, but they don’t know how scratchy it is.  
I climb into bed as if it is my nest.  My dreams, I know, will welcome me.  Harry will be there and we will be happy.  I will feel the clarity I used to know when we were young.  I wish I didn’t have to wake up.
 


20.
Grace

Lucy, my regal German Shepherd, is losing control of her bowels. I heard her whining again last night, pleading with me to take her out.  Finally guilt outweighs exhaustion and I get up with her, bundled in my robe and slippers and urge her out onto the lawn.  The world seems to be asleep at these moments, Lucy and I the only ones privy to the secrets of the moon.  
Charles doesn’t hear her, or pretends not to. He had that gift when the girls were babies, crying from their cribs.  “What?” he’d ask innocently when I’d had enough and kicked him awake.  What did he think?  “The baby,” I would say, but he would already be back asleep. Kick him again and he’d play dumb again.  In the morning, he’d insist he didn’t remember a thing.  I wish I could do this ignoring, shutting out of the world, but I know I would never get away with it.
 Lucy, like the girls, doesn’t give up, and her whining builds insistently until I can’t bear it and throw the covers back, whispering obscenities. 
It has been every night now for the last week.  We’ve had her for almost 6 months now.  Long enough for me to fall in love with her, my third baby.
But the tell tale signs are on the hallway carpet this morning. Now I will pay for my hesitancy to get out of bed last night.  Charles sees it first.
“Awwwww crap, what’s this?” he cries.  I run into the hallway, having just stepped out of the shower.  I’ve always hated this white carpet. Now I have an excuse to rip it up. Why don’t men watch where they step?
“Looks like she had an accident,” I say.  “I’ll get it.” I say this enthusiastically hoping he’ll take over, he’s the one who stepped in it for Christ’s sake. No such luck.  He takes his shoe off and goes back into the bedroom to attend to Lucy.
I scrub it up knowing I can take another shower later.  In the bedroom, Lucy lays on her back moaning appreciatively as Charles rubs her belly, her head in his lap.  
“What do you think it is?” I ask.
“She has a little bit of hair loss, increased appetite, weight loss, a recurrent bladder infection I’ve been treating on the sly.  Distended abdomen.  Cushing’s maybe.”
I am dazed.  What is he saying?  “You said she was healthy! You said she was great, a lot of years left.”
“Shepherds don’t live long, and she’s getting old.”
“Just now,” I say, “you said she had some sort of disease or something.”
“Cushing’s. Its an endocrine imbalance.  Hard to cure.  Bottom line, she’s aging. I don’t even know for sure what’s wrong.  I’ll take her in this morning for some tests.  I’ll do another bladder tap, blood draw…..”
“Stop it.  You just said you can’t fix it.  Why put her through all of that?”
“I thought you would want to,” Charles says.  I know it is against everything he believes to make a dying dog suffer.  But he doesn’t want me to suffer.
“Is she hurting?”
“I don’t think so,” he says.  He presses her abdomen, runs his knowing fingers along her body. She still looks so strong.  How can she be declining? 
“Tell me when she’s hurting.  The rest we can handle.  I’ve always wanted hardwood floors up here anyway.”   
Charles gives Lucy a pat and stands before me.  We just stand there for a minute, knowing that if we move, time will start again.  The chaos that inevitably begins when the kids’ alarm goes off.  “Grandma where are my shoes?  I don’t like my eggs this way.  We’re out of milk,” they’ll say. I can hear them already.
“Can’t we do something non-invasive? Keep her comfortable?”
“I’ll do another urinalysis, don’t worry. I’ll just use the old fashioned method, pee in a pie pan, and we’ll make sure her antibiotics are doing the trick.  She may have another year in her, we just can’t tell,” he says, holding his hands up in a shrug.  “I’m sorry,” he says, “I never should have brought her home.”
“Don’t say that.  Maybe she’ll perk up a little. Besides, we need each other, right Lucy Goosey?”  Lucy looks up at me and smiles, ears perked at her name.  When she sees that a treat or a walk aren’t in the works she flops her head back on her paws and looks at me with all of the troubles of the world reflected in her eyes.  Love, pain and loss.
“Girls!” I say quite loudly as I march down the hall toward my daughter’s rooms.  “Time to wake up,” I say.  Allotted amount of recuperation time is over.  Back to the land of the living.



21.
Harry

I try to get through to Lily in her dreams.  That is the only time that she seems to be able to understand me, to see me, to hear me.  The problem is that in the morning she inevitably forgets everything she dreamt of.  She usually wakes up in a state of terror, not having any idea where she is. 
After a few moments she’ll quiet her mind and look around to see the picture of us on her bedside table.  Then she’ll get up, walk around the room filled with all of her familiar things and she’ll remember, just for a split second, that she is very ill.
But now, the terror and the awareness have passed and she is responding to her physical needs.  First, she dresses and does her makeup.  She isn’t as proficient at it as she used to be, but she still takes pride in the way she looks.  She puts on her favorite sweater.  I notice that it is filthy and figure they’ve been unable to get it away from her for long enough to launder.
Her stomach growls and she wonders how she will get breakfast.  She goes to her front door and sees the sign in her own writing.  ‘Breakfast at 8:00.’ She looks for a clock, finds one on her dresser and sees that she has some time.  She decides to do her makeup.  It doesn’t matter that she has already done it, she has forgotten, and honestly, it could use some improvement.  
While she is in the bathroom, she notices that her sweater is filthy and goes to the closet to choose a new outfit. There are plenty of designer outfits, from casual to elegant, and she thumbs through them with interest.  But she decides she likes her pink sweater.  She has already forgotten that it is soiled, and besides, choosing a new combination of clothing proves too daunting.
She realizes once again that she is hungry, and again, she wonders how she will get breakfast.  She goes to the door, and, even though she has read this sign thousands of times in the last 6 months, she reads, as if for the first time, ‘Breakfast at 8:00.’  She is satisfied with this new found knowledge and looks around for the clock, finds it on the dresser and sees that it is only 7:40.  She paces for a while, from the window, to the clock, to the sign and back.  It occurs to me that she looks a bit like one of those animals in the zoo, pacing the time away.  Stripped of their freedom, contained in their mind, their steps tick away the seconds, whiling away time until they can depart this earth and find their freedom again.
At 7:50 she decides to go to breakfast.  She doesn’t know where she is going, so she knows it may take her a while.  She can’t remember which way down the hall,  so she follows her nose, which can still find her a decent cup of coffee.  
She sits with a group of 3 other women.  They seem familiar to her in some way, (she has eaten 3 meals a day with them since she moved in).  They all introduce themselves as if for the first time.  It may as well be.  
Lily looks for a menu.  A staff member comes by and fills their coffee cups.  
“I’ll have eggs benedict this morning,” Lily says, smiling charmingly at the nice young lady.
“Good morning Lily.  We’re having mushroom quiche today, how does that sound?”
Lily is about to lose her patience.  I wish I were there so I could cover for her, the way I did for the last 10 years.  “That sounds lovely,” Lily says. “But this morning I would like Eggs Benedict.”  
“Of course.  I’ll see what I can do.”  This orderly is one of the really good ones.  She knows that by the time she comes back, Lily will be thrilled to see the mushroom quiche, as if she had ordered it herself.  This is the same orderly that gives Lily a baby aspirin when she complains of being constipated; telling her it is a fiber pill.  Some of the nurses that don’t know her so well, give her the fiber pill and then she has diarrhea all night.  But Jenny, my favorite, gives her aspirin, or multi vitamins.  She also knows when to give her the anti-anxiety medicine that seems to calm her fairly quickly.  
Jenny comes out with the dishes of quiche for the ladies.  
“Oh my,” says Victoria, the lady sitting across from Lily with a slight purple cast to her hair and a matching lilac polyester suit.  Lily sees the obvious delight in Victoria’s eyes and follows suit.  She used to take her cues from me, now she follows the cues of others.  Adapting as always.
“Oh this looks wonderful,” Lily says.  “This restaurant makes the best, what do you call this again?”
“Mushroom quiche,” Jenny says, patting Lily on the back and refreshing her coffee.  “Enjoy your breakfast ladies.”

I can’t seem to get through to her.  I am trying to convey that she needs to come join me.  I can’t see any reason for her to be confused and suffering in her body anymore.  I do get through to her, but then she forgets.  That is the beauty and the tragedy of this disease.  I suppose it is a blessing that she can’t remember those moments of sheer terror and confusion, but then, I think that is a flawed theory.  Ignorance is never useful.  If she did remember those moments of fear, she would be ready to move on, she would want to join me.
As it is, she lives each moment in the present, or often, in the very distant past.  She and her new dining “friends” recount the same stories of childhood almost daily, as if it is the first time they have told or heard them.  Occasionally, one will have a flash of familiarity with a story and become agitated, but that too is soon forgotten.
Today is bathing day for Lily, and I will try to hang around and make things a bit easier.  She has lost weight now that she isn’t snacking all night.  I could have used some of the drugs they have her on to get her to sleep when I was still alive. I might still be alive if only I had been able to get some sleep. Then again, I don’t know if that would really be a good thing either.  We really can’t go back.  Things happen because they are meant to be.  It can be ugly sometimes, but it just is what it is.
Lily has just realized the orderlies intend on giving her a bath.  She acts like a frightened kitten on bath day, shaking and scratching.  I wish I could  be there to calm her.  But then, she might not remember me anymore.  I don’t know if I could handle that.



22.
Lily

Two women in white wake me from my afternoon nap.
“Who are you? What do you want?” I sit up, take in my surroundings.  I am surrounded by the furniture and knick knacks I’ve collected over the years.  I must be at home. Who are these people?
“It’s bath time Lily.  Or would you rather have a shower?”
“Who sent you here? I don’t need any help,” I say.  I have been bathing myself for quite a long time thank you very much.
“Ok,” the blond says.  I look at her name tag. Jenny, it says.
“We’ll just get the water started for you and help you pick out some nice clean clothes,” she says.  I remember her from somewhere.
The redhead goes to run the bath.  The one named Jenny looks through my closet. I get out of bed and take the clothes that she holds out for me.
“I can pick out my own clothes,” I say.  “These don’t fit anymore,” I say as I throw the clothes on the ground.
“Your daughter just brought you those.  They’re brand new Lily,” she says, bending over to retrieve them from the floor. “Look how soft they are,” she says laying them back on the bed.
I shove them back onto the ground where they belong.  She shakes her head and walks into the bathroom.  Bitch.  She can’t come into my room and tell me what to wear.  I won’t let her.  I take off my sweater and slacks and lay them on the bed. I’ll just wear these after my bath.  They look nice.
I go into the bathroom and find the redhead waiting.  I peel off my underwear and she grabs my elbow to help me into the tub.  That is when I remember I can’t swim. 
“No! No! I can’t swim!” I say, pulling back from the water.  She’s trying to get me into the tub.  She is going to drown me. The blonde comes in to help her.
“Lily, you’re just taking a bath remember?” No I don’t remember.  There is water in there, and I can’t swim.
“No one ever taught me to swim,” I say.  This woman, Jenny I think her name is, seems nice.  She’ll understand.
“You don’t have to swim, just sit down in the water, and we’ll help you wash your hair,” she says.  I put a toe in.  The water feels good.  I put my other foot in and then they help me to sit.
“There, now doesn’t that feel nice?”
I nod.  It does feel nice.  The redhead pours a cup full of water over my head.  She is trying to drown me again.  I try to stand, and get out of the tub, but I slip and grab for the shower curtain before falling back on my wrist.  
“Stop it!” I scream. My wrist sends white hot pain up my arm.  I am crying now, clawing at them to let me up.  My hands slip across the shower curtain, useless.  They pour water on my head while they hold me down. I scream so they can hear me.  Someone needs to come save me.



23.
Harry

She doesn’t feel me at all.  I can’t stand seeing her scream like this.  I know they are just trying to bathe her and that she’ll feel so much better when they’re done, but the panic in her eyes is so heartbreaking.  What is the use in someone being alive while their own mind plays tricks on them, and their body shuts down organ by organ?  



24.
Grace

I strategically plan to go to Villa Adagio at 4:30.  This serves a dual purpose.  Mom has her dinner at 5:00, which she wouldn’t imagine being late to, so this cuts our visiting time to half an hour at the most.  Also, I can have a drink without appearing too desperate upon arriving back home.
It’s spring now and Dad’s been gone for six months already. This means that mom has been in Villa Adagio for almost the same amount of time.  The statistics of her dying within months of losing her true love are seemingly insurmountable. But she is still going strong, no end in sight.
It isn’t that she’s holding on.  She doesn’t know enough to do that.  She doesn’t even realize how recently Dad died.  She thinks he’s been gone for years.    
I don’t go visit her as often as I should, although I can’t find the textbook on appropriate visiting schedules to your manipulative mother.  Lately she seems to get more agitated after I visit.  I take the kids and grand kids occasionally to take the focus off of the fact that Mother and I are unable to talk about anything.  Either she is argumentative or she just repeats the same stories over and over again.  If the kids are there we’ll just watch them swim or they’ll put on a little talent show for us. Carly will sing and Jack tells jokes.  But after we leave, the staff complains that she is increasingly harder to “handle”.  
I think we remind her of what used to be. She knows we are family but she isn’t sure where she fits in anymore. She grasps at it, her memory of us, who we are, what we all once had together.  She looks for a ledge to hang onto, but it is out of reach and she falls.  She holds her head now, says it doesn’t hurt but that it doesn’t feel right either.  I think she can feel it dying, eating away at itself.
So I don’t go often, no more than once a week.  I don’t really want to anyway.  It is uncomfortable and I get the feeling that it doesn’t matter if I’m there or not.  But I’m not sure, so I force myself there.  I turn to books for comfort, but comfort eludes me.  I hunger for answers where there are none.
One book I just finished reading chronicled a mother/daughter journey through the battle of Alzheimer’s.  The mother became more loving than she had ever been.  Sure, she was confused at times, but she finally saw her daughter for who she was.  The daughter finally felt love and was able to become the nurturing person that her mother now needed.  A complete crock of shit if you ask me.  I’ve decided that everything does not happen for a reason.  Some things are just random flashes of hell.  If we’re supposed to learn something, maybe it is only how miserable life can be, so we don’t take another second for granted.  Or maybe, in my most desperate moments I think we are all just gnats.  Trying to make the best of things when nothing really matters.
On the days I don’t visit her I feel guilty, but I tell myself it is really for the best.  Maybe this way she’ll forget us entirely, forget what she is missing, have little moments of peace.  I know I’m fooling myself, trying to justify and rationalize a bad situation into somehow being less painful.
The kids are doing well in school. Carly is in 4th grade now, Jack in 2nd. I volunteer once in a while, send the requested supplies and donations on occasion, maintain my status as a decent, caring grandmother.  Diana helps out too, but I feel someone needs to fill the space they feel where their father once was.  Asshole already has his new wife pregnant.  Game over.  He just plays again.  I worry about the kids sometimes in the middle of the night, toss and turn until I am overcome with habitual thoughts of Mother.    
Sometimes, in the early evenings, I’ll hover around when they do their homework, make dinner while they bombard me with questions.  What is an asteroid belt?  Do I carry the one or the zero?  How do you spell biosphere.  I worry about who will answer the questions as they get harder.  I feel a bit challenged as it is.  
Diana landed a teaching job at the high school.  She coaches tennis and teaches English literature.  Soon she’ll have enough money saved up to get a little apartment, but where I once felt the burden of the kids, I know feel reliant on their distracting presence.    
Lucy and I have shortened our walks to just picking the kids up from school.  She’s going downhill quickly, her organs seem to be giving up on her and I can tell by the way she walks up the hills that her joints are aching.
But she still has a sparkle in her eyes, and she seems content with her short walks and long naps.  I feed her canned food now, something I never thought I would do. Cater to a dog.  But I dutifully dispense the pills wrapped in cheese, vitamins hidden in peanut butter, canned food smelling of spam.  
Charles is happy at work.  He has had some rewarding cases these last few months to spice up the monotony of vaccines and flea diagnosis.  I am jealous sometimes that he seems to be living his “passion.”  He was put on this planet to care for the animals. I can honestly say that, he has such a way with them.  
I have always wanted to be a wife and mother.  And I thought that would be enough.  And it is in a way.  But it bothers me that if all of the people that I love were to disappear one day, I wouldn’t know who I am.  Without being defined as a wife, daughter, mother, and friend, who am I? I don’t think it’s enough to be defined by those that surround us, and yet I’ve let this happen.  I also think I think too much.  If I had to worry about money, or my safety, these thoughts of who I am wouldn’t find space to luxuriate in my brain.
But the core of it is that I don’t want to lose myself, knowing I won’t be able to be there for others if I do.  I think that is why so many women my age are being diagnosed with cancer.  They are being forced to recognize themselves as needing care.  They are being forced to spend time on their bodies, their emotions.
I worry about mother.  I worry about the kids, the grandkids.  I worry about Lucy.  I worry about the soldiers in Iraq, the homeless down the street, the quality of the ocean water.  But all of this worrying is useless.  I must act.  But I don’t know where to start, how to help.  It will come to me, I decide, in an unlikely place, when I least expect it.  I need to stop looking so hard, open myself up to the messages that come seemingly out of nowhere, in the shower while I am shaving my legs, in my dreams.  
The clock says 11:00am.  The kids are in school, house is fairly clean, fridge is stocked, animals napping in the sun.  I don’t feel like reading or talking on the phone.  I already had lunch out once this week with the girls.  Julia is back in Texas getting her things separated, packed up.  I guess she’ll have to get a storage unit when she gets back here.  No way are we going to be able to fit anything else in my house.  Maybe she’ll get an apartment of her own.  I don’t want to push though; I figure it will work itself out eventually.
 I grab my keys and purse and hop into the car.  It must be time to go check out that new yoga place down the street.  Funny how Charles was joking about it before, and now, maybe just to spite him, I’ve decided to check it out.
I have tons of reasons why this won’t work, but I’m drawn there, if only in need of a new experience. I’m know I’m not limber enough, or new agey enough.  The incense might give me a headache. They’ll all be younger than me, or older.  But I’m out of excuses, the time has come.

The place is small and sparse, but in a clean, comfortable way.  A few white candles are lit on the desk by the young woman who is flipping through files.
“Hi, can I help you?”
“Oh, I’m just checking the place out.  I’ve never taken yoga before, I mean I tried a video once, but.” I stop myself.  I am blabbing.
She doesn’t seem to notice, as she is somewhere under the desk.
“Here it is.  I can never seem to find what I need.  I know, yoga, calm, you’d think I’d have it all figured out, but I guess that’s why I was pulled in here, in the hopes that my head would stay on straight.  My names Brianna, what’s yours?”
“Grace,” I say, wishing the name were more descriptive of my actual abilities.  I feel committed now that she knows my name.  I take the schedule and look at it, chock full of abbreviations and instructor names and times.  
“I would recommend the Tuesday morning class for starters.  Mostly easy stretching and breathing.  You’ll like it,” she says, as if she knows me, or is psychic. Brianna flips open a large black book, pencil pointed at the class.  “Shall I put you down for next week?”
“Why not?” I respond.  I can always figure out how to get myself out of this later. 



25.
Lily

I had another dream about Harry, and I wake content having seen his face.  He’s so happy to see me.  He says I can stay with him, we can be together now, but I don’t know what he’s talking about. I get up in the soft dawning light to go to the bathroom, my eyes still squinting, crusty with sleep.  But I know the way.  Three steps to the end of the bed and then right along the bottom of the bed and the bathroom is right there.  
I reach the end of the bed, feel for my slippers, turn right along the end of the bed, wipe my eyes and then open them but it is too late.  Smack. I hit my toe and forehead at the same time. Cold glass. Shit.  Right into a mirror.  Where did this mirror come from?  I go back to the bed and sit on the side where I was.  They say if you are lost in the woods to stay, hug the nearest tree, don’t stray.  And what if you are lost in your bedroom?
I look around now that my eyes are clearing.  This isn’t my bedroom.  Harry’s hat rack isn’t in the corner, where are all of my books?  I recognize a few of the pictures around, I think I know these people.  Maybe the kidnappers let me take some personal items with me.  I hear voices outside my bedroom door.  My heart beats faster.  They are right outside, planning how to kill me.  I am in grave danger.  I grab the phone and call Grace, my daughter.  I don’t even need to think about the numbers, my fingers have been dialing them for years.
Finally, on the fourth ring, she answers.
“Yeah?”
“That isn’t how I taught you to answer the phone,” I say.  What has happened to manners? Manners are the foundation of our society.  They should be.  They used to be.
“Mom, it’s 5:30 in the morning.  What is it?”
“Oh, I didn’t realize.  I just thought you would want to know I’ve been kidnapped.” Well, I have been.  I lean back and put my hands over my eyes.  I get back under the covers.  I am shaking.  I grip the phone.  Grace will know what to do.
“Mom, you’re fine.  You are at Villa Adagio, remember?”
“You aren’t making sense Grace.  I’ve never been here before. I hear voices.  They are out there.  They are going to do terrible things to me.” My voice is rising now as I try to quell the panic.
“Shhhhh.  Mom. Calm down.  Tell me what you see.”
“I am in bed.  There is a mirror where the bathroom should be.”
“That’s right. You go the other way to get to the bathroom because you are in a new place now.  You aren’t in the old house anymore. What else do you see?”
“I see a TV and a dresser.  Yes, that is my dresser, isn’t it?”
I put the phone down and go to the dresser.  I’ve always loved this dresser.  Harry made it for me before Grace was born.  He made furniture for the kids and grandkids after that, but this, he made for me.  Rosewood, my favorite.  Every surface planed smooth, every corner lovingly dovetailed.  I pick up the phone again.
“Grace?”
There is no answer.
“Grace?  Grace, are you there?”
Still no answer.  Louder now, I scream for her.  I thought I was ok, but maybe they are after her now.  Why isn’t she answering me? 
“Grace?” I scream.  “I need you Grace! Answer me!”



26.
Grace

I hear mom put the phone down and go to her dresser.  She must be lost in memories.  And then I hear her call for me, and then she starts shouting. Oh God, now she is screaming.  She must be holding the remote for the TV, thinking it’s the phone. 
I call to her, but the phone that she left on the bed is probably smothered under her covers.  I hang up and call the front desk.  I tell them to go calm her, give her the anti-anxiety pills. 
I get out of bed quietly, so as not to wake Charles, slip into my velour sweats, leave a sticky note on the bathroom mirror that reads ‘went to see Mom, make me breakfast?’ I put a smiley face and a heart under the request for good measure.  I am kind, see the heart?  Not too demanding, see the smiley face? But, can’t anyone do anything around here besides me?    I’ll need a hearty breakfast upon returning, emotions and long drives always leave me hungry.  Another crutch perhaps, but it gets me through.  Please understand me Charles.  I don’t like this any more than you do.
This is the third time this week that Mom has woken me up.  Early morning, late night, doesn’t matter.  Maybe I should start calling her during the day.  Wake her up from her naps so she can sleep at night.  Why are we paying top dollar for a place that lets her nap all day and pace and worry all night long?  Charles wants me to have them take her phone away.  A few days ago I thought this was a horrifying idea.  Taking her privileges away as if she were a naughty child.  But I can’t fall back asleep after she calls, and I’m exhausted.  No more phone privileges.

The halls are still dark and quiet when I arrive at Villa Adagio.  I peek my head into the dining room to see if Mom is waiting there.  The staff is tinkering around in the kitchen frying up bacon, sipping on their own coffee, getting their strength up for the day ahead.  
Mom isn’t anywhere to be seen so I head to her room.  The door is ajar and she is sitting on her couch, Juan, an orderly, across from her, engaged in a game of backgammon.
“Grace honey.  How good to see you.”
She stands and reaches for me.  Sits back down and pats the empty seat beside her.  Like an obedient daughter, I sit.  I notice Juan, the one she accused of rape, seems to be her new best friend.
“Isn’t he handsome?” Mom asks and winks at me, as if we share this flirtatious nature.
“Oh, another acey ducey Miss Lily.  You win!” Juan throws up his hands dramatically.  I notice mom is moving her pieces around the board backwards.  She smiles triumphantly, puts her glossy brown chips in a neat little row.  
“There’s always next time,” she says, reassuring Juan.  I walk him to the door as mom continues to organize the board.
“You rape her and then play games with her?” I ask.  He looks quickly up at me.  Sees me grinning ear to ear.  “Sorry, couldn’t resist.” He looks at me oddly.  Maybe this wasn’t an appropriate time for my sick sense of humor.  I’m tired, give me a break.
  “I’m so sorry about all of that.” All of that, I think.  Like my mom almost completely ruining your life.  That, all of that.  
I try again. 
“Thank you for still being so kind to her.  How are you? Your family?”
“We’re doin’ ok,” Juan says.  “Good to be back at work.”
I wonder at how hard his life must be, if dealing with people like mom all day is a good thing.  “The money you mean?”
“Oh, yes, that too.  But I missed them,” he says glancing at Mom.  “Your mom’s a real sweetheart.  She loves you so much.  Always talks about you.”
I smile at him.  I don’t know what to say.  I look over to see her still messing around with the backgammon chips.  She feels my gaze and looks up and smiles.
    “Care for a game?” she asks.  I give Juan a quick hug and go join my mother on the couch.

Monday morning.  The outdoors calls to me, so I squeeze a quick walk with Lucy in before I tackle the errands. She looks pretty good today but we go slowly and she drags her left back leg a bit on the way back up the hill.  We must look like quite a pair, both panting up the hill.
When we return from our walk I am just rolling up my sleeves for the ‘morning pick-up,’ when Charles calls.
“Hey hon, what are you up to?”
“Just picking up a bit,” I say and wait.  I know what’s coming. He rarely calls just to chat.
“Can you come in and help out a bit? Tiffany went home with the flu, and I’m swamped.”  
Of course Tiffany went home with the flu.  What did he expect, hiring someone named Tiffany?  Really.
“Be right there,” I say.  I don’t want to go.  Not in the least.  The sick cat piss smell, the fleas, the barking.  The confused looking owners.  I love animals, just not sick ones.  
But we’re a team, and the house can wait, I glance at the clock and shrug into my goofy ‘I love puppies’ scrubs. I have a good 5 hours before it’s time to pick up the kids. Or, I know, maybe Diana could pick up her own kids for once.  Now I’m feeling resentful and evil.  I know she works too late to do that.  I’m the one who told her not to sign the kids up for day care.  I just couldn’t stand the thought of that.  Especially not while I’m available. 
Suzy, the front desk girl greets me.  I guess I should think of her as a lady, but she has braces and braids.  Really.  
“He’s in the back,” she swings her head back as if I’m not sure to what she is referring.  She’s simultaneously on the phone and clicking away on the computer.  She also has a line three people, two dogs and a cat deep.  I escape to the back.
Charles is in the operating room with a beautiful Golden Lab on the table.  He’s smoothing her forehead, waiting for her eyes to droop.
“Hey,” he says in greeting.  He’s in work mode.  “She’s almost sedated. We’re ready,” he says.  I wonder what we have underway.  Spaying perhaps.
“You hold her head.  Talk to her, tell her it will be ok.  You know, comfort her.”
Charles gets another syringe out of the drawer.  The dog looks at me sleepily.  “Hi sweetie.  You’re going to be fine.  Just one more shot, and then before you know it you’ll be safe in your bed at home.  Or chasing bunnies in the field.  I’ll bet you like to do that,” I say.  Her head is a comforting weight in my hands as I hold her and wait for the anesthesia to take full effect.
“Good girl, here we go,” Charles says, sliding the needle easily into the furry scruff of her neck.
The dog looks peaceful but then starts to stiffen.  She loses control of her bladder, and urine pools on the table and drips down the stainless steel to the tile floor. She jerks a bit and blood trickles down her nose, splashes on my wrist. I look at Charles.  He didn’t tell me.  She is still now.
Charles looks at my accusing stare, which is dissolving ineffectively into tears.
“You could have told me,” I say.
“I’m sorry, I thought you knew,” he says, rolling around on his damned efficient vet’s chair, putting things away.
“How would I know?  Why? She looked fine.”
“It was her hips.  They were hurting her so much she wasn’t able to stand anymore.  She would even eat lying down, and lately, she hadn’t even been doing that,” Charles says. “She was suffering.”  He looks at the urine on the floor, looks at me and pushes the door open behind him.
“I’ll do it,” I say.  He knew I would.
“Let me know when she’s all cleaned up and I’ll call the owners in.” 
I wonder why they didn’t want to be in here with her when she died.  But maybe they made the right choice.  At least this way they didn’t see the twitching, the bloody nose, the horrific moment in between.  Too late to turn back, but not dead yet.
We work until 1:30, when I run down to the corner for sandwiches that we share in Charles’ office.
“You look tired,” he says.
“Thanks,” I say.  Lucy has kept me up a lot more than I am willing to admit to Charles.  It’s been pretty rough.  I half-carry her upstairs, her back legs pushing against the floor to help me, when she is too tired to make it by herself.  She must weigh ninety pounds.  I don’t know where I get the strength, but like anything, when you really want to do something, you can always find a way. I think I pulled a muscle in my back, but I don’t want to hear the reprimanding tone when I tell Charles.  A lot of the time I end up taking her out around one in the morning and then just sleeping with her downstairs on the couch.
“I’m starting yoga tomorrow,” I say, diving into my turkey with sprouts.  I love sprouts.
“That’s great!” he says. He doesn’t remember the shot he took at yoga nearly six months ago that has kept me from signing up. And it is a good thing, as I would have a fit if he said anything like that again.  He has been immersed in his work, all thoughts of retirement and travel pushed aside for the time being.  Men. 
 Now, he is so enthusiastic, I decide to go with it. I smile and swing my foot out from his desk to touch his knee.  “You’re just excited about how limber I’m sure to become.”  
If this were a movie, he would take me right here.  But it isn’t.  There are people waiting, counting on us.  And I’m glad as I don’t seem to have an ounce of sexual energy left.  Mother has taken away my zest for living.  I’m not sure how or when this happened, but it did.  
“I have to leave in 20min to pick up Carly.  I’m pulling them both out a few minutes early to make it to the dentist on time.”
“Just a cleaning, right?” Charles asks.
Where I have been worried about this for weeks, he has somehow managed to forget already.  
“Carly has to get those teeth pulled, remember?”
“Right.  It’ll be fine, don’t worry.” He wads up his napkin and wax paper, lobs them into the trash can.
I wonder if he’s worried on the inside but I don’t think he is. I know Diana wishes she could be there, but I promised her we would be fine, that I’d call when we got it over with.
  
The Novocain doesn’t seem to have much of an affect on Carly.  Jack stands next to me as she squeezes my hand.  Every time the dentist tries to pull the tooth, Carly cries out in pain.  All of this for straight teeth?  There must be an easier way.  But I think back to my own girls, both whom needed braces, bite plates, headgear.  Carly will be fine when this is all over.
“I guess I can give her a little bit more,” the dentist says.  “What hurts more, when I pull, or when I give you the shot?” He takes the wrench looking thing out of Carly’s mouth and leans back, waiting.  He thinks she is going to say that the shot hurts more and then he’ll get back to work.
“When you pull.  I can feel everything,” she says.  “It hurts Grandma.” Her huge brown eyes are brimming with tears.  With every little bit of her, she is asking me to get her out of this.  I don’t know how.
“Can’t you just give her more?” I am pleading now.
The dentist looks at me as if I am the queen of hypochondriacs.  “I’ve given her enough to knock out a grown man,” he says.  “Look, your tongue is numb, right?” Carly touches her tongue.  “No,” she says.
“Close your eyes and tell me if you feel this,” the dentist says, takes a cleaning tool, taps her tongue.
“Yep, yep.  I feel it,” Carly says.
“She isn’t lying,” I say.  “Can’t you see? Just give her more.”
The dentist gives her two more shots, while Carly’s nails dig into my palm.  I welcome the pain.  I focus on my hands and not the brewing in my stomach, the sweat forming on my forehead.  Jesus, I wish Diana were here rather than me.  I should be at home baking a pie, or picking up ice cream to comfort her later. But this dramatic mothering stuff I’ve already done. Grandmas should get a break.  There is a reason we go into menopause.  It is a stop sign.  All mothering must stop.  We aren’t supposed to have to do stuff like this anymore.  A dried up womb means no more babies, which should mean no more heavy duty nurturing.  I’m too old for this. 
“Ok, here we go,” the dentist says.  He grabs hold of the tooth with his primitive looking tool and pulls.  Carly just about jumps out of her chair, shrieks in pain, and the tooth pops out.
“One down, three to go,” Dr. Jekyll says, plops the tooth on the tray and prepares more Novocain.   
“I’ll be right back, ok?” I ask Carly before I abandon her to get some fresh air.  I almost hope they pull one while I am outside.  Jack follows me out, and I notice his face is the color of the office park stream.  Not a good thing.
“I think I need to puke,” he says.  
“Was it the tooth? The blood?” I ask, rushing after him, wondering where I should steer him.
“No.  That was kind of cool,” he says.  He is holding his stomach, leaning over the stupid little ornamental bridge overlooking the stream.  
He loses his lunch.  I’m guessing from the orange color that he over indulged in some sort of fake cheese snack.  The vomit gets washed into the pond, and the ducks come over to check it out.  Please don’t eat it is all I can think.  I lower myself to sit beside Jack who is now dangling his feet from the bridge.  He wipes his face on his sleeve.  
“It’s just that they were hurting her.  She was really hurting,” he says.  
“I know.  It made me sick too.  I think I almost fainted in there.  And poor Carly is all by herself.  We’d better get back.  You wait in the waiting room this time though, ok?”
Dr. Jekyll asks if I am all right as I sit down.  What a pain for him to have to deal with all of the over reacting parents, grandparents.  Carly grabs my hand and screams, and my world goes black. 

“You what?” Charles is standing frozen in the middle of the kitchen, watching me whip together spaghetti.  I am already on my 2nd glass of wine.
“I fainted.  God, I was so mortified.  I mean, Carly needed me, she was the one hurting, and I just lost it, like a complete weakling.  And she needs more pulled next week.  We aren’t even done yet. What a nightmare.”
“They’re just her baby teeth, right? Wasn’t she going to lose them anyway?” Charles asks.  This too, is father stuff, not grandfather stuff.  I don’t know why I feel the need to compartmentalize concerns, but it makes me feel a bit better.  Probably because at least I know I am doing more than I have to.  My Catholic upbringing relishes the martyrdom of it all.
 “Was it the blood? Why was it so bad?” he asks, looking at my wine, looking at the receding bottle, shrugging and pouring himself a drink.
“She was screaming.  Don’t you get it? And there was nothing I could do.  You go.  On Wednesday.  You take her,” I say, chugging down my wine.  “What do the mothers all over the world do, when they have to sit by and watch their babies starve, or die of some disease, or be tortured and killed.  Baby teeth. God.”  
“Don’t be so hard on yourself,” Charles says in his most accommodating tone.  “Your body had a natural response.  Fight or flight.  You couldn’t hit the dentist, you couldn’t run, so you just shut down,” he says, taking the sauce spoon from me to sample a taste.  “Not bad,” he says appreciatively.  “I’ll go.  Don’t worry about it. Did you pick up that olive oil?” he asks, his head now hidden in the pantry.
 Shit. I forgot to get the olive oil. I let him look for a minute, even though I know it isn’t there. He peers around the door at me. I shrug.
I am ready. Ready to burst into tears.  I helped him all day long, putting dogs to sleep, giving flea baths, cleaning up cat piss. I passed out, useless at the dentist, while Carly sat helpless beside me. I haven’t even had a chance to shower.  I am filthy and stinky and somewhat buzzed. No, so sorry, didn’t think to get the damned olive oil.  I’ve failed you once again.
  But I am silent, because as if he can glimpse the next messy five minutes of his future, he saves us. Saves us from the crying, the yelling, the ruined dinner with the kids. “No biggie,” he says, “we’ll use butter.”

I climb into bed early wearing my sweats, hair still wet from my shower.  If I have the energy to go to yoga in the morning, I’ll already be dressed.  If there are expertly manicured, highlighted, breast-lifted women in there with the word ‘Juicy’ on their ass, I swear I will turn around and walk out.  Juicy, really, how gross.
Charles and Carly are downstairs plodding through her math homework.  His voice is rising in impatience and I wonder if I will have to go diffuse an argument.  I grit my teeth and hold my breath, my version of a prayer that I won’t have to go back downstairs.  It works.  I hear Jack playing with his cars, probably crawling circles around the ever patient Lucy.  I relax and drift into sleep.

My heart jumps into my throat when the phone rings shrill in the dark.  
“Yeah,” I moan, knocking my water over as I pick up. “Damn. Sorry, hello?” Manners, even at 2:00 in the morning.
“Mom? Sorry, were you sleeping?” All smart remarks drift away as I realize the voice on the other end belongs to Julia.
“Where are you? Are you ok?” 
“No, yes.  I mean, I’m at LAX.  Should I take a shuttle, or will you come get me?”
“I’ll be there in half an hour,” I say.  I forget my fear of negotiating Los Angeles in the middle of the night.  I nudge Charles, still sleeping beside me, and tell him Julia is back.  He wonders aloud why she can’t take a taxi like a normal person.  I don’t tell him that not only will I be picking her up, I’m sure she’ll be staying again, indefinitely.  I don’t want to have this discussion right now, torn between my love for my dear, rational husband and my love for my lost, passionate daughter. 
I kiss him lightly on the cheek; snuggle in for a minute, his sleepy warmth so familiar.  “I’ll be careful. Be back before morning.”
Diana left a note on the floor at the top of the stairs, thanking me again for going with Carly to the dentist.  Poor girl, I know she feels badly about missing these milestones.  But I am proud of her for supporting her family.  Life isn’t easy these days. I’ll have to help her get the apartment all fixed up.  She wants the kid’s room in particular to be darling.  Well, maybe not darling, but cool or something like that.  There are entire channels on TV dedicated to creating rooms.   I’ll have to brush up, get some trendy ideas for her, maybe help her out this weekend.  I haven’t fixed up my own bedroom in the last twenty years, maybe I should do that first.  Priorities; I wish I had some idea of how to figure out the order of things.  Most days it just feels like Mother and the kids are priority number one and everything else comes equally second.  
I tiptoe down the stairs, hold Lucy back with my leg, and maneuver quietly out the front door.

I don’t have to worry about parking or finding Julia, as I see her sitting alone on a bench as I pull into the loading lane.  As always, I know it is her before I can really see her.  The curve of her shoulders, casual nature of her pose. 
As I pull up, I notice she is smoking again. She grinds the remains under her foot, as I stop the car and hop out.  No one else is around, surprising me, as I thought that the airport would be crowded even at this hour.  We meet at the bumper and stand in a hug.  Weird, like hugging myself.  When she grew up, at about fourteen, sometimes we would hold hands, and then look at our entwined fingers, trying to figure out whose were hers and whose were mine.  We would tap on them, and even then, there was still a moment of hesitation, as we would swear that we could feel the tapping, even when it wasn’t our finger.
I squeeze her hard and then we pull apart.  She rushes over to get her bags and sees her cigarette stub on the cement.  She carefully scoops it up, blows on it to make sure it is cooled, and throws it into the trash can.  I laugh.  “What good is taking care of the environment, when you’re just going to inhale that stuff anyway?”
She shrugs, “Just cause I smoke, doesn’t mean I litter.”
“Well, it doesn’t matter, because you’re going to have to quit again.  You know its illegal in California now.”
“Is not,” she says.  But she stops, bag halfway into the trunk and looks at me to make sure I’m joking.
“It really is.  No bars, no beaches, no restaurants.  Not at my house, definitely not at my house.  Really.”
“Whatever,” she says climbing up into my ancient minivan.  I used to think that I would get one of those cute little VW bugs, maybe even a convertible when the kids left.  Good thing I never got around to it.
 “I’m starving,” she says.  I hand her the In ‘n Out I picked up for her on the way down, knowing she would be craving a hamburger and fries, her version of comfort food.
“You are my hero,” she sighs as she salts her fries.  “How’s Grandma?”
“Sick.  Old.  Fine, I don’t know,” I say.  “The same, I guess. I mean, she can’t decide if she’s incontinent, she can’t decide if she remembers me, she says she’s been locked away in there for years.”
“What do you mean she can’t decide?  She doesn’t have any control.  She’s sick Mom.”
“I know.  I guess.  I mean, you know how manipulative she can be.  Why would that just go away?” I sigh.  I sound like such a bitch.
“How are you?” I ask.  “And Todd, how’s he?”  She’d been back in Texas for nearly three months trying to figure out what to do.  I guess she finally decided to not decide, and come running back home.
“Todd?” she asks, how dare I care.  
“You used to love him,” I remind her.
“Yeah,” she says, rolls her eyes.  “He’s good.  I mean we actually were able to sit down and talk and get it all out.  He’s still with the guitar player.  Brad.  He seems happy,” she says.
“And you?  You hardly called, and I,” I stop myself.  I promised I would never get on my girls for not calling me often enough.
I maneuver through traffic and wait for her response but she is quiet.  I turn to catch a glimpse of her profile.  She is grinning.
“I met a guy.  Ended up in Japan.”
“Wait, what? You ended up where?” I ask, turn down the radio.
“His name is Yuya.  He’s Japanese.  He took me home to meet his parents,” she waits while I feel slighted.  “We’re getting married,” she says, flashing the ring in my direction.
“Shit!” I say.  “I mean, you’re not even divorced.  What kind of name is Yuya?”
“Japanese.  I will be divorced,” she says.
“Honey, it’s just too soon,” I say, pat her knee to soften the blow.  I pull back when I see the look on her face.  She never did like to be comforted that way.
“Mom, I’m an adult.  I know this is right. He’s the one mom,” she says, reaches over to smooth the frown lines from my forehead. I won’t remind her that she said the same thing about Todd.  The right one.  That Diana said that about Jay.  There is no such thing as the right one.  You need to work at things.  
“Please don’t worry,” she says.
I find this hysterical.  Me, not worry. I cross my fingers, say a little prayer and hope for the best.  Nothing more I can do.  
“Is he good in the sack?” I ask.  Nothing to lose, I figure I may as well be real with her.
“Mom!”
“Well?” I ask.  “I mean, well?”
“Fantastic,” she says, flipping her hair back.  
I get onto the 101 going north and look over at her.  She seems so happy, I won’t get in the way.  Maybe something good is happening here..
“Is he Christian?” I ask.  Please don’t tell me he’s another fundamentalist.  
“He’s an engineer,” she says, as if this explains everything.  “I met him at a little deli.  He was on a quick break from a business meeting.  We both ordered Pastrami, no mustard, extra sauerkraut.”
“Gross, how do you do that? I’ll bet he heard you order and just thought you were cute,” I say.
“Actually, he barely touched his sandwich,” she says.
“Mesmerized,” I sigh.
“He lives in Tucson.  I’ll be moving there soon,” she looks out her window to avoid my response.
I am quiet for a moment, thinking everything through.
I am backed into a corner.  I could hit and scratch, or succumb to the outcome.  “I would like to meet him.”  I try to manage the hurt I am feeling.  This isn’t about me.
“Wedding’s this weekend.  At the beach.  Point Dume. He’ll be here Thursday night.  You’ll love him.”
The house is a wreck.  We have nothing good to eat.  I need to lose five pounds, well, ten, but five is more realistic.  What will I wear?  How will I break this to Charles?  Who am I kidding, not my problem, she can do it.  “I’m sure I’ll love him,” I say.

I go for a walk on the beach early this morning.  Julia is still asleep, Charles is off to work already, liking to get a head start on his paperwork so he can be home in time to relax before dinner.  He makes a special effort when the girls around.  I should tell them this.  Sometimes I think they take him for granted.  The single minded mission of combing the beach for treasures and the percussion of the waves hitting the shore calms me. My treasures are plentiful this morning, a mild storm having churned up the ocean.
 Sea glass, the coveted blue and turquoise is smooth and soothing in my hands. Baby clam shells, the clam already gone, serving as breakfast for a sandpiper, the shells still miraculously attached to each other by a tiny little filament.
I find a sand dollar bleached the color of bone.  I think of Julia, who as a little girl didn’t care for the outer shell, but would break it to find the miniscule inner pieces.  She called them angel wings.  Diana and I always thought they looked more like bones, only a sad reminder of the creature that used to live inside. I break this one open, and on the inside find three little bones.  I want to think that they look like angel wings to me now, but they don’t. 
 Julia has such an optimistic, daring nature.  The way she just jumps in whole heartedly and swims around.  Diana and I are more likely to dip a toe in, look for sharks, doggie paddle for a while so our hair doesn’t get wet.  But Julia holds her breath, goes from land creature to mermaid and back again.
I was the one that taught her that this was her life, not a dress rehearsal.  I never thought she would actually believe me, take me up on it. I worry about her, just jumping in like that, but then I think, maybe it doesn’t matter.  We all get wet, and we all get hurt.   
I wonder if someday she will have to grow up and see the bones instead of the wings.  Or maybe she already has.  Maybe I am the one who needs to see that yes, the bones are there, but so are the wings.

Lucy and Julia are waiting for me on the back porch when I return home.  Coffee, extra cream, no sugar, just the way I like it, is waiting next to a freshly toasted bagel with cream cheese.  Heaven.
“Orange juice?” I ask Julia.  She rolls her eyes as if to say she can’t get anything right.  I didn’t mean it like that.  
“No, I mean I squeezed some from the tree yesterday.  Do you want some?”  That’s better, she forgives me.
“No thanks,” she says.  Lucy comes over to join me and beg for some bagel.
“How about if we go shopping today?  I’ll do most of the buying,” I say.  I know she won’t be able to resist.
“Perfect,” Julia says, visibly relaxing.  She probably thought I was going to make her help me clean the house for Yoyo, or no, Yuya, yes that’s it.  No, I’ll stay up late doing that so she doesn’t think she is being a burden.  She can be so sensitive.  
“What should I wear to your wedding?” I ask.
“Oh, Yuya and I are going to wear our favorite jeans, white linen shirts and go barefoot,” Julia says.
Barefoot, jeans, beach.  I should probably be appalled, but it sounds like the wedding I wish I could have had.  
“Are you going to wear your hair all wild and curly?” I ask hopefully.
“Of course,” she says.
“We’ll find you a pretty necklace or something then.  Something sparkly and beachy.  But what about me?  You know I can’t pull off jeans,” I say, picturing hours spent and heaps of jeans on the dressing room floor.  Too young looking, too old looking, too dressy, too tight.  My face must fall into its worried state.
“Mom.  Please?”
“Right.  This isn’t about me,” I clear my plate from the table.  “Let’s go inside and get ready.  Mother daughter bonding.  I wish Diana could join us,” I say.
Julia follows me inside, stacks our dishes in the sink while I look for my car keys.  “Where are my…,” Damn, just like my mother.
She points to the counter under a slip of Carly’s homework that she must have forgotten to take in.  “I haven’t told her yet.  Diana.  I didn’t want to upset her,” she says.
“She’ll be happy for you.  Well, she’ll be jealous,” I say throwing Lucy an apologetic look.  “I’ll take you for a quick one later, I promise,” I say.  I purposefully don’t say the word “walk” as she’ll get all excited and want to come with us. 
Julia goes over to pat Lucy on the head and Lucy whines, not wanting us to leave her.  “Let’s take her,” she says.  Lucy does love a good car ride, “We’ll walk slowly, take  turns while we go into the boutiques,” Julia begs.
“Sure, why not?” I say.  
 In the entry way I turn to Julia and put my hands on her shoulders, forcing her to look at me directly.
“Remember, this wedding is about you and Yuya,” I tell her, proud of myself for saying his name correctly.  “A fresh start.  And if you’re happy, we’re happy.”
She smiles and her eyes well with tears.  “Thanks Mom,” she whispers, swiping at her eyes.
Damn I’m good.
We swing by the high school to say hi to Diana and she surprises us by giving her tennis team the afternoon off so she can spend time with us.  I think she senses that Julia is home for a reason and she never could stand a secret.
“I’ll call Charles and tell him to get the kids.  We’ll have the whole day!” I say.  And then I remember my mom.  “We may as well swing by Mother’s,” I say, knowing they won’t want to.  But they are kind, and muster up enthusiastic nods.  
It’s a quick drive, about 45 minutes, up the 101 to see her.  It would be easier if she were closer, but then I would have to see her more often.  And the Alzheimer’s ward at the home in Santa Barbara is incomparable.  The drive goes especially quickly with the girls chattering away and looking for dolphins.
“There!” Diana screams excitedly, pointing out the window toward the shore.  
Sure enough, tell tale fins glide as they travel in pods along the shore looking for fish. If we’re lucky, we’ll see one do a flip, jumping clear out of the water.
“They’re surfing!” Julia exclaims, bouncing in her seat and pointing across my face.  I slap her hand away so I can see the road.  
“Hold the wheel for a second,” I say, letting Julia take control so I can see.
“I’ve only seen that once before,” I say, watching the dolphins in the clear breaking waves.  It looks like they are body surfing.  “Amazing,” I say.  I tear my eyes off of them so Julia can see again before we pass them by.  I check in my rearview mirror to make sure no one is behind me, impatient about my slow driving.  But the road is clear so I slow a bit more.
“They don’t have to do that you know,” Julia says.  
“I know,” says Diana a bit competitively.  “They’re just doing it for fun.”
There are magical moments in life.  Blissful.  My girls, my dog and surfing dolphins.  This, I think, is life.



27.
Lily

Beatrice and I have been friends for years, ever since Harry died and I moved in here.  Every Tuesday we go to the salon and get our hair and nails done.  And on Wednesday we all go out to eat at a beautiful restaurant.  Today is Wednesday.  I know this because I woke up and my hair and nails are looking very fresh.  I love Wednesdays.  They are full of possibility.
There are about fifteen of us who go out together.  We always see so many old friends.  Harry used to take me to this place.  Santa Barbara is such a small town. Above the archway it says, “Dining Room.”  They must have changed the name.
“Your usual table ladies?” a young woman asks.  We nod and the four of us follow her to a perfect table by the window overlooking the courtyard.  There are a lot of older people here today, but I guess they are the only ones who appreciate a premiere dining establishment like I do.  
“How is your son, Lily?” Beatrice asks me.  I don’t have a son, but I smile and say that he is fine.  We do that for each other.  She is a bit more far gone than I am.  
“How about you.  How are your kids, Bea?  Is Alan doing well?” I ask her.  
“Wonderful.  He should be here shortly.  He visits all of the time.  Such a good boy,” she says.
A younger woman comes to make sure we are all doing well.  I recognize her from somewhere.  She is wearing a smock, looks like she must be a nurse on her lunch break. 
“Your son’s name is Ted, Bea,” the woman says.  “He died years ago.  But your daughter comes sometimes,” she says and pats Bea on the back, refreshes her water and glides away.
Bea looks like she may cry for a moment, but Victoria saves the day.
“The service here is terrible,” she says.
“Yes,” Bea says, takes a sip of her water. “They are always so slow here.  We should complain to the management.”
Another lady is sitting with us that I don’t recognize. Maybe it is Bea’s new bridge partner.  “They know we’re not going anywhere,” she says.  
“I think I’ll have the cheese plate today,” I say.  The food here is wonderful. I am so lucky to have such good friends.

When I return to my room after lunch, I have a nap on my mind.  My Ferragamo shoes are killing me.  But Grace and her daughters are in my room, sitting on my bed as if they own the place.  And there is a pretty girl and a dog.  I wonder who that is.  Before I can say anything she says, “Grandma!” and comes over to give me a hug.  This must be Grace’s other daughter.  Yes, I see the resemblance.  I give her a hug.
“It is so good to see you,” I say.  This seems to be the right thing to say.  The dog comes over to me.
“And who is this enormous beast?” I ask.  She is wonderful.  I pat her on the head and she smiles at me.
“This is Lucy, Grandma.  We thought you would like to meet the latest addition,” the other granddaughter says.
I sit on the bed next to my family.
“How’ve you been Mom?” Grace asks.
I tell her about the trips we go on, my friends, the good service.  
“Do you want to put your slippers on?” she asks, reaching down to take my shoes.  I notice for the first time that they don’t match.  One is navy, one is black.
“No, no,” I say, tucking them beneath me.  “You have good shoes, you may as well wear them.”
“You look great Grandma, I love your hair.  And your sweater,” the younger granddaughter says.  I pat my hair and look down at my sweater.  It is pink and soft.
“This old thing? I’ve had this for ages,” I say pulling it away from my body in disgust.  
“I brought that for you last week Mom,” Grace says.
I don’t think so.  I would have remembered.  
“Oh, well, yes, isn’t it nice?”  I need to make Grace happy.
“Did you go on a drive this morning on the bus mom?” Grace asks.
  I don’t know if I did.
“Yes, we saw the beach where your dad and I met, remember, in La Jolla?”
“No, mom, that was in San Diego.  We’re in Santa Barbara now.”
“Yep,” I say, patting my leg.  The dog is nudging my hand, wanting to be pet. They all need so much.  I don’t think I can give it to them.
 “Been here for a long, long time,” I say. I wish they would just go now.  I don’t know what they want from me.  I don’t know what they want me to say.



28.
Grace

Mother is so exhausting. I need a bath, or a drink.  Something.
“Girls, you got any crack?” I ask.
“Mom! Jesus!” Julia exclaims.
“What’s up with you?” Diana asks.  “What did you do with my uptight sister?  The Lord’s name in vain? Honestly, I never,” Diana mocks disgust.  “Mom, I’ve got some coke in my purse.”
“Jesus!” Julia says, slapping her hand over her mouth.  “You do not.”
“You did it again!  Damn you’re too easy. Of course I don’t, but welcome back,” Diana says.  
I couldn’t have said it better myself.  I’m liking this Yuya already.  Never thought an engineer would be able to loosen anybody up.  Must be really good sex. Or maybe, she’s actually happy.  I tuck this little thought into my heart for safekeeping.  
“Ready to shop girls?”  We climb into my car, Julia in front, just like when
they were kids.  Diana will get the front on the return ride.
 Diana leans forward between us, fluffing her hair in my rearview window.
 I push her back, “Seatbelt,” I say, and put the car in reverse.  I head out of the parking lot toward the street and then the freeway toward State Street.
“Don’t say Jesus Julia,” I say, offering her a piece of gum from my purse.
“What? Jesus? Since when did you care?” she asks.
“It just sounds awful,” I say. Julia and Diana exchange a “mom’s acting crazy,” look.
“Anyway,” Diana continues, “what the heelllll?” she waits for a reprimand.  Silently I wait for her to continue, I won’t play her game. 
“What the hell was that all about?  I mean, telling Grandma she’s not in San Diego.  Why can’t you just let her be? Go along with it even? What does it hurt? I’m surprised you didn’t point out that her shoes were different colors.”
“They were?” I ask while I maneuver lanes.  Damn tourists don’t know how to drive.
Diana rolls her eyes.  I see her in the mirror. “That isn’t the point.  Why can’t you just let her live in her little fantasy world?”
“You don’t visit her all of the time.  Don’t tell me how to behave with my own mother,” I say.  Really.
Julia points at the exit that I am about to miss. I cut over. Why is everyone in such a hurry?  
“It’s hard to see her own mother like that,” Julia says to Diana as if I’m not even here.  “It’s harder for her.”
“You can’t fix her Mom,” Diana says, catches my eye in the mirror.  “Doesn’t matter if she knows the facts or not, she’s losing it.”
“She doesn’t even know what town she’s in.  She thinks she goes out to restaurants with her girlfriends instead of being herded over to the dining hall.”
“But if she thinks that,” Diana says, “isn’t that her truth?”
Diana has a point.  She is right I know, and I usually do let Mother live in her own world. I really do try. Sometimes I just can’t handle it.
“Mom!” Julia shouts.
I instinctively slam on the brakes.  This is a good thing, as I have turned the wrong way down a one way street.  
“They must have changed it again,” I say, flip a bitch and get going in the right direction.  The girls are quiet.  “Stop it,” I say.  They look at each other again. Do they think I can’t see them?
 “I am not losing it.  Well, if I am, she’s making me lose it. Do you want to drive? Everything’s fine.  Let’s go grab a bite, and people-watch while Julia tells us about her new man,” I say, concentrating on the road to avoid Julia’s reaction. 
“What man?” Diana shrieks.  Good, I have successfully diverted the attention away from my mental state and onto Julia.  
I finally find a parking space only two blocks from my favorite little café on State Street.  We can have a glass of wine and nosh on appetizers while we listen to Julia.  She talks for the whole walk, through being seated and as the wine is poured.
“So you’re happy,” Diana says. 
Julia leans back in her chair, rests her hand on Lucy’s head and looks completely satisfied.  She pushes her sunglasses up on her head to better watch the people strolling by and then looks sideways at us, grinning.
“I’d say so,” I say, sipping my wine.  One girl good to go, now if only Diana…
“Stop it mom,” Diana says.  “I know what you’re thinking.  I’m fine.  Like some of us, I don’t need a man.”
“Oh, don’t get all pissy,” Julia says.
“I love my job.  I control the remote and eat what I want,” Diana says.
I give her a look that she interprets correctly.
“The kids are fine.  Besides, you don’t want me just bringing anyone into their lives.  Unlike some of us, I have to be careful,” she says.
Julia must have her head in the clouds.  She doesn’t even flinch, just helps herself to a bite of seared Ahi and smiles.

I call Charles at 3:00 to make sure he has the kids.  My voice conveys the fun I am having with the girls and I can feel him soften, no longer put out at having to pick up the kids, he is happy that I am enjoying myself.  
“But we’ll be home for a late dinner,” I say.  “Julia has some news for you.”
Charles sighs.
“No, it’s good news.  And if your sigh was about food, I’ll just pick up take out.  Don’t worry.  We’ll see you soon,” I say quickly, ending the conversation before one of the kids has a meltdown and he begs us to rush home.
Nordstrom’s, Banana Republic, Ann Taylor.  We hit them all, taking turns shopping, sipping on coffee and strolling with Lucy. We all find perfect jeans at Nordstrom’s, only leaving about 120 pairs for the clerk to put away when we are finished.  One of the little boutiques calls out to Julia and we settle Lucy near the door and follow her in.  She walks right to a display in the back as if she knows where we’re going.  I wonder if this is how she found Yuya.  
“Isn’t it kind of cheesy to match?” Diana asks, eyeing the jewelry suspiciously.
“It’s my wedding.  I don’t care,” Julia says. “They’re perfect.” She fingers the different little tear drop shapes of sea glass.  Dark blue for Julia, turquoise for Diana, and Light green for me.  
“Yours is aqua,” I tease Diana.
Without missing a beat she says, “But it isn’t polyester.”
Micro fiber I think to myself.  But I rise above.  I refuse to ruin a perfect moment.  

It is a quiet drive home along the coast.  The moonlight seems to be everywhere, more silver in the ocean than the sky.  My mind quiets until I realize I have forgotten something.
“Shit!” I say. “I forgot my yoga class this morning.”  I don’t tell them I was going to try to get out of it.
“Yoga? Yuya’s teaching me yoga,” Julia says.
“Of course he is,” Diana snorts.
“Girls,” I say, heading off any potential conflict.  
“You don’t need a class.  I’ll show you,” Julia says.  “These western classes are probably terrible anyway.  Can you get your money back?”
I shrug.  I wonder how she jumps into things so quickly.  The Bible one day, yoga the next.  She probably would have married Jim Jones.  “He’s so charismatic,” she would say.  “And he has a thing for Kool Aid,” I would say.  But maybe I am wrong.  Yes, I decide, there is nothing wrong with the bible, or yoga, just the large doses they tend to come in.
“Yoga has really helped me to change the way I look at things. I try to see things from more than just my perspective,” she says.
“About time,” Diana says.  I can’t get mad at her as I was thinking the same thing.
“Oh,” Julia says, ignoring her bratty sister, “I picked up Reiki too; it’s a kind of Japanese energy healing.”
My hands grip the steering wheel a bit tighter and I force a smile.  My lips aren’t cooperating though, as if I have forgotten how to do it.
“This isn’t new age crap mom,” Julia says, seeing my stiff expression in the rearview mirror.
“What are you going to do next week?” Diana asks.
“Step outside of your box why don’t you?” Julia asks, leaning forward to put each one of her hands on our shoulders.
“Yeah mom, life’s short,” Diana says, turning to smile at her sister.  
Whose side are you on? I think.  Doesn’t matter, as long as you get to argue with someone.  Must go well with her teaching profession, debating ideas with her classes.
I am silent, not having the energy to pursue an argument.  I like my box.  

I offer to watch the kids the next afternoon so I can get the house ready for dinner with Yuya and the girls will stay out of my hair.  Charles is already home from work, reading in the living room with the kids cozied up to the coffee table by his feet, peppering him with sporadic homework questions.
Charles is still engrossed in reading the history of the world.  I think he finished one series and bought another.  I ask him when he will stop, satisfied with his knowledge of history.  He tells me he doesn’t know everything yet. Really, like he ever could.
 I don’t understand the fascination.  They were just people like us back then, plodding along, making discoveries, making mistakes.  Advancing just far enough to plummet into the Dark Ages.  Nothing really changing all that much.
I am pessimistic about history because sometimes I feel as if I need to do something.  Big.  I get fairly motivated, but I read about the heroes, inventors, artists, and it seems that most of them were crazy.  If not completely psychotic, at least slightly deranged.  I’m probably not  smart enough, and I don’t think I’m crazy enough. Not yet anyway.
The girls think I am a stick in the mud.  I guess I have been, especially since Dad died.  Not knowing what to do with Mother, motivated by guilt, afraid to feel.  I can bend a bit, but mostly I stay still.  If I don’t, I might break, or worse just float away.
For now, I am thinking that enchiladas might help my depression. Yuya probably won’t like them, but then, this is my house, who does he think he is?
I put Santana on my little CD player, get some margaritas whirring in the blender, and I dance around the kitchen making dinner.  Better than therapy, Mexican night always cheers me, and its loads cheaper.
Charles hears the music and knows I have started the fiesta.  He saunters into the kitchen and folds his long body under the bar counter and smiles, content to watch me. Lucy comes to my side and I toss a bit of cheese into the air for her to catch.  She watches it tumble to the ground and then licks it up begrudgingly.  
“Good mood?” he asks.
“Getting there,” I say.  I have almost forgotten about Mother.  
Villa Adagio called last night after Julia went to Diana’s apartment for the night.  I do everything for them and they run away to giggle the night away, without me.  “Get off the wood mom,” I can hear Diana saying, just like her Father.  They think they are so funny.  But I am not a martyr.  Can’t I have feelings? Is it so horrible to want to be treated with respect?
The phone woke me at 2:00am.  They had rushed Mother, by ambulance, the half mile to the emergency room.  She was having a heart attack.  
But she hadn’t.  Her tests showed that her heart was healthy.  Of course.  She had had an anxiety attack.  They gave her some of her pills and sent her back to the home.  They just thought I should know what was going on.    
I was so angry.  Why was her heart so healthy?  Why did they rush her to the hospital?  Were they going to save her if she was having a heart attack?  She has a DNR on her charts. If they weren’t going to let her body quit, how was she ever going to die? 
I drove up again this morning and they were feeding her Ensure.  Spooning it into her mouth.
“She won’t eat,” the nurse said.
“She isn’t hungry,” I said.
The nurse continued to spoon it into her mouth.  “She’ll get her strength up and be fine,” she said.
I didn’t know what to say.  I gave Mom a kiss and went on some errands.  Bought her some nail polish, a new sweater and then popped in on her again. She was all dressed for lunch and waiting with her girlfriends in the dining hall.  She looked amazing.
She greeted me with a hug and a smile.
“You look pretty today Grace,” she said.  It was all I could do not to sob on the spot.  She had never said those words to me before.  It wasn’t fair that she was saying them now.  Now that she didn’t mean it and wouldn’t remember it.  
“You look pretty too,” I said.  “I’ll see you soon, OK?” I hugged her again and she went off to lunch.  She didn’t turn to say goodbye, just walked off, our meeting already having vanished from her reality.
Now, Charles helps himself to a margarita. Lemon, lime, lots of salt.  He eyes the enchiladas.
“Cheese, or chicken?” he asks.
“Both,” I smile.  He likes the chicken, I like the cheese.
“How’d your mom look this morning?”
“Fantastic,” I say.  I say it a bit vehemently, and he catches my tone.
“I’ll go in and talk to Matt. They shouldn’t be giving her Ensure.  They certainly shouldn’t be rushing her to the hospital.  What if she really had been having a heart attack?  What if they had saved her?” he asks.  I wish he could have just come with me this morning.  It is so hard to get my thoughts straight when I am there.  To say what needs to be said.
I don’t want to think about it.  I carefully slide the enchiladas into the oven, set the timer, grab my margarita and we head out to the front porch.
“It’s like they were force feeding her,” I say.  “To keep her strong.  For what?  So she can live forever?”
“There is only so much more of this you can take,” Charles says.  “How much of your life are you going to let her have?”
I could protest here. She is in a wonderful home, she isn’t taking my life.  But this isn’t true. I am being emotionally consumed. I am always a bit tense, if not a lot. I don’t know if it is my fault or hers, I just know I can’t seem to make it stop.
“Hemlock society,” Charles says.  
I wait.  He does this, just drops huge notions at my feet, waits for me to respond.
“What about it? Are you suggesting we-?”
“I’ve been reading about it and it got me to thinking, that’s all.”
“I’m not ready to go there yet.” 
“Well I am,” Charles says.  “When you’re ready to get on with your life and let her go, let me know.  I’ll help you figure out what to do.”
“Isn’t that called murder?” I ask somewhat timidly.
“She doesn’t even have the strength to will herself to die anymore.  She’s miserable,” Charles says.
“You sound just like Diana,” I tell him.
“Smart girl,” he says smugly.
Maybe I would be able to see this more clearly if I weren’t so miserable myself.  But my mother and I have a way of suffering together.  
“Do you really think she wants to die?” I ask.
“Why don’t we ask her?” Charles says, as if this were a simple solution.  I’ll just waltz in there and ask her if she wants to die, it’ll be easy, I think.
“I’ll go with you,” Charles says, seeing the cloud of terror pass over my face.
A scrub jay lands on the porch, takes one of the peanuts we leave out in a bowl for them.  
“What do you think about Julia, Yuya?” I ask.
“He sounds nice.  An engineer.  Finally I’ll have someone to talk to around here,” he says smiling.  “She’ll be fine,” he says, seeing my concern.
“Liz Taylor is fine too,” I say.  “Fine.” Really, what a stupid word.

Yuya is pleasant and handsome with a good sense of humor.  Julia corners me in the kitchen.
“Don’t you love him?” she asks excitedly.
“Does it matter?” I ask her.
“No,” she bristles.  “I just thought…”
“Relax.  Of course I like him.  But it really doesn’t matter.  If you don’t care what I think, you must feel very strongly for him.  That’s what matters.  It’s your life,” I say.
“Thanks mom,” she says, giving me a quick hug.  “So you like him?”
I playfully smack her bottom with the dishtowel and she runs back into the dining room.  “Diana,” she calls, “Mom wants you to help her with the dishes.”

Yuya and Charles go out onto the back porch after dinner, presumably to have some port, talk about boring manly things.  I find Julia upstairs in her bedroom, lying on her bed, gazing up at her ceiling.
“Grandpa came to me in a dream a few weeks ago,” she says.  “Wait, how are you?”
That’s my girl.  I can feel her returning to her old self, love opening her up to her full potential.  Who she was, who she is becoming.  Before I can sigh a response, she continues.
“Anyway, he was fine!  He wasn’t in hell.  And it wasn’t just a dream.  He was really there, with me in the bedroom.  I could smell him and see him.  I believed him.”
“That’s wonderful,” I say as optimistically as I can.  I am actually a bit hurt that he hasn’t come to see me yet.
“That isn’t the half of it. I’ve been doing some research,” she says.
“Reading something other than the bible? Jules that isn’t like you,” I say.  I can’t help it. But she doesn’t seem offended, merely thoughtful.  I should apologize but I wait.
“I know.  I went a bit overboard,” she says.
“You tend to do that,” I say.
She grabs a pillow and puts it over her head to muffle her scream of frustration.
I take the pillow off when she is done. “I’m sorry. Please, I’ll listen,” I say, miming sealed lips. 
“I had a hole that I didn’t know how to fill.  I thought jumping into religion would help.”
“Did it?” I ask.
“Sometimes,” she says.  “But I knew the answers weren’t anywhere else, like the bible.  I knew they were in me.  I just didn’t know how to find them, so I kept busy, put up a wall.  Yuya has really helped me Mom.”
This last part stings.  I wanted to be the one to help her.
“So what do you believe in now?” I ask.
She is quiet for a moment, her eyes brimming with tears.  My sensitive caring girl is back.
“I believe in a higher power, a connection between us. I believe in nature, and music.  I believe in love.  I believe in our spirits living on, although I’m not sure in what way exactly.”
I watch her, hearing her words, but also seeing the glow in her cheeks, the excitement in her voice.
“But what about the dream you had about your Grandpa.  Anything else?” I ask her.
“He said Grandma,” she pauses, breathes deeply to continue, but her breath is caught in a sob, is trapped,” she finishes.
“What do you mean? At Villa Adagio?”
“Mom, come on.  I mean in her body.”
“What are you saying Jules?  God, you sound just like Charles.  I was counting on you to put a stop to this nonsense.  There is nothing we can do about it.  We just have to love her as she is.  I mean, what exactly do you propose we do about it?  I won’t kill her,” I say.  I start crying.  Am I really talking about killing my own mother?  “I have to go,” I say, trying to hide the shaking in my voice.
“Mom, I’m sorry, I…”
“I’ll see you in the morning,” I say, kiss the top of her head.
I go into the living room to find Charles sitting beside the fireplace, reading his book. Yuya sits on the couch perusing an astronomy magazine.  Soul mates, I think.  Yuya gets up and goes up to Julia when he sees my face, slick with tears.
“What’s wrong?” Charles asks.  He hates it when I cry because he doesn’t know what to do.
I give him a weak smile, sit on the ottoman opposite him.  “Julia.  She had a dream about Mom and Dad.  She feels the same way as you and Diana.  Everyone wants her to die.”
“I can’t believe it.  I thought she would be our biggest hurdle,” Charles says.
“So did I,” I sniff and wipe my eyes.  “Now I guess I am.  I just don’t know.”
“Well how did she come around to it?” Charles asks, taking my hands in his and looking into my eyes.  I throw my hands up dramatically at this and laugh.  
“Oh, did I forget to tell you that part?  She’s a recovering born-again.  I’m a bit worried she’ll throw herself into something else,” I say.
Charles smiles, gets up to pour himself an after dinner drink from the bar.  
“Nightcap? Endorsed by the Benedictine monks?  It’s bound to restore you,” he says, hands me a tiny crystal glass.  
“Here’s to Julia,” Charles says.  “And here’s to us getting our daughter back.”
He puts his hand on my cheek and I dry my face with his sweater. 
“He’ll be good for her?” I ask.
Charles nods his assent.  “But I don’t think Yuya is entirely responsible for bringing about the change.  The stars just aligned and she is back on course.”

Charles is home for lunch.  Yuya and Julia have escaped our questions and are running around town together.  Playing tourists, premature newlyweds.  The wedding is tomorrow and they’re having fun rather than stressing out.  A novel idea.  
“We need to talk,” he says, hands me a burger and ushers me out of the garden and into the kitchen to sit.
I know exactly what this is about and I feel trapped.  
“Something’s got to give,” he says.
He is referring to Mother.  I’ve been treading water with cement shoes.  Not entirely living.  Just waiting. 
I need to push her to the back of my mind, really dig in my heels and live.  Enjoy what I have.  But I just can’t seem to do it.  It feels as if I am stuck.  My self worth is tied up in caring for others.  
Diana doesn’t need me anymore.  Well, she does, but in a healthy way.  Julia is on cloud nine and will be moving next week.  But then, Mother.  I nurture her, and most of the time she doesn’t even know, or care.  I feel as if my time is running out.  My patience plummets exponentially at inappropriate times.  As I scrub the floor only to have one of our pets drag mud in.  My happiness can’t be tied up in the state of the floor, and yet I find that it is.  I need to find something for myself.
“Grace?  Are you there?”
Charles is waving a cookie in front of me.  He knows I am trying to lose 5 pounds.  Burgers and cookies, Jesus.
“Supportive,” I say.
“You’re gorgeous,” he says, takes my cookie and pops it into his mouth.
“I need to get a life,” I say. 
“Thanks a lot.”  How is he hurt so easily?  Doesn’t he get it?  Does every little tiny bit of me have to be wrapped up in him and the kids?  They all have their own things, likes, dislikes, hobbies, sports.  
“Remember when I was painting for that art show?  How excited I was? I want that back,” I say.
“You were practically manic.  Up all night, the house went to shit. I mean, I don’t mind, but…”
He does mind.  He likes his sheets smelling fresh and dinner on the table at 6:00.  I’ve spoiled him and I hate him right now.  
I’m supposed to be able to have everything.  Passionate career, loving family.  But I know this will never work for me.  Something would suffer.  
“Why don’t we turn the shed into a little studio for you, you could paint in the mornings, help out with the kids when they need you,” he says.
I am so tired of being needed.  Who am I if no one needs me?  I know he is trying. So reasonable I could scream.  
“Painting isn’t the same for me.  I don’t even think I want to.  For me, it’s like that first kiss feeling when I paint.  And I’ve lost that.  I don’t know how to find it, where it is.”
“But we’re ok, right?” Charles asks.
He’s worried I’m talking about a feeling I’ve lost for him.  The first kiss metaphor is under his skin.  
“We’re fine.  This is about me!” Too loud.  “I’m sorry.  I love you.  Don’t do this,” I grab the bags and stuff them into the trash.  I ate too much, my stomach hurts.  Lucy lopes in to see if we spilled anything on the floor.  Charles hands her a fry, but she turns up her nose.
“She still isn’t eating much is she?” he asks.  
I don’t respond.  He knows the answer.
Charles feels along her spine which has been growing a bit more pronounced each day.
“I know you slept with her on the couch last night,” he says.
“I’ve been doing it on and off for three months.  It always seems so much worse at night.”
“No wonder,” he says, referring to the bags under my eyes. “This can’t go on much longer,” he says, rubbing Lucy’s hips.
“We can’t get rid of her just because I’m tired,” I say.
“No, not that.  I mean we can’t let her suffer.  It isn’t humane. When she starts whining, you tell me. She won’t whine until it’s really awful.”
Charles has told me this before.  How they don’t show weakness until it is so painful they can’t go on another minute.  Until it hurts so badly that they can’t help it.  I think their whining is a calling forth of the end.  An open invitation to passing predators.  The time has come.  Please, help me move on.  
“You’ll be the first to know,” I say.  Charles pecks me on the forehead, feels his pockets to make sure he has his cell, his wallet, his keys.  
I glance at my purse on the floor by the phone.  Gum, glasses, mints, aspirin, receipts, wallet, change, coupons, hair brush, lipstick.  And my keys, who knows where those ever are.  He needs so little really, in comparison.
He turns at the front door.
“Thank you.”
He knows I’m thanking him for putting up with me, my mood swings and chaotic nature. He knows I’m thanking him for standing by me, no questions, no matter what. 
    “Sure,” he says.  “And thank you.  Now, why don’t you go to the craft store, see if anything awakens your passion?”  I smile, wave goodbye.  Some things he just doesn’t know.

The kids play in the cul-de-sac after they finish their homework and I putter around the front yard and the front of the house.  I try not to be paranoid, but I hate it when they play in the front.  My world is always just one crazy kidnapper away from falling to pieces.  I must be vigilant.  The phone rings and I run inside. 
“Mom. Sorry I’m late,” Diana says, “I’m on my way.”
“I didn’t know when you’d get off.  I wish you would tell me when the kids will need dinner here.  Well, I’ve got a roast in the oven,” I say.  
“Mom.  I said I was sorry.”
“Don’t be defensive.  I can’t say anything without you getting all upset.  Join us for dinner,” I say.  
“I can’t,” she sighs.  “I promised the kids Mickey D’s.  I’ve already got it in the car and rented a movie for them.  I’ll be there in a minute.”
“Fine,” I say with as much cheerfulness as I can muster, which isn’t much.  Roast, or transfat.  Your kids, your choice.  I’ve got half a cow in the oven and only Charles to help me eat it. Fantastic. 

“I hope you’re hungry,” I call enticingly from the kitchen as I hear Charles come through the front door.  “We’ve got the house to ourselves.”
“Hey hon.  Uh, remember I told you I was meeting Dan for dinner?”
No, I don’t remember.  He didn’t tell me.  
“Oh, right,” I say.  I look at the roast, juices crackling.  I dump it in the trash, breeze by Charles and go up to bed.

After soaking in a bath and reading for a while, I’ve gained some perspective.  Charles is filling me in on his day when the phone rings.  The ring sounds different, urgent. 
“It’s me mom.”  I picture Julia and Yuya stuck on the side of the road, or in a hospital.  I wait for her to continue.
“We’re with Grandma.  She’s having a really hard day.”
I steel myself for the worst.  But when I feel my muscles tense and heart race, I force myself to calm down. She’s probably just agitated.  Nothing new.
Charles moans and rolls over.  I would like his support.  I get tired of going there alone, fighting the battle by myself.  But he won’t offer, he hates it as much as I do.  And I don’t have the heart to ask him.  I envy that his mother is alive and well in Ohio.  When her health fails, it will probably fall into his sister’s hands.  Always the women, forced to pick up the socks, the towels and the pieces.
“I’m on my way,” I say.  Some lipstick and decent shoes dress up my sweats enough to go straight out the door. I’ve lowered my standards on acceptable pubic attire.  
“Good luck,” Charles says from the comfort of our bed.
Thanks a lot, I think, blowing him a kiss.

The code is second nature to me and I burst through the doors in search of Mother.  I can hear her, and I follow her frantic voice to the television room.
“Leave me alone!  Who are you?  Where is Harry?  Take me home.  I want to go home!”  Julia and Yuya sit on the couch.  I can see from her shaking form that she is crying.  
“Mother.  I’m here.  Everything is going to be o.k.”  I reach for her and I close my eyes and step back as her warm spit splatters my face.  I can’t believe she just spit at me.  I take a step back, wipe my face with the back of my hand. She has never been this ugly to me.
“She’s been hallucinating all day.  We gave her the medication for her anxiety but it doesn’t seem to be helping,” says Juan.
“Give her more,” I say.
“We’ll give her a sedative if you would like.” I look around at the couches in the room.  Two women are gazing at the TV as if we aren’t even in the room. It looks as if someone just propped them there.  It wouldn’t matter if the set were on or not.  There are five women, one man in varying degrees of fetal positions, half asleep, or half dead, it is hard to tell.  They are dressed, their hair is done, and they are drooling.  If I sedate her, she will become them.  
Right now, she is standing in the corner, angry and terrified.
I slowly move toward her, try again in a soft voice.  
“It’s me Mom, Grace, remember? I’m your daughter.  We’re trying to help you,” I reach my hand out slowly toward her but she shrinks further into the corner.  She opens her mouth, and out comes a terrifying scream full of rage and anguish.  A tortured, trapped animal.  I back up to find they have brought in two more of the male nurses to help.  One of them has a syringe full of sedative and I nod my approval.  I don’t know what else to do, I just want the screaming to stop.  I pull Julia off of the couch, motion for Yuya to follow and without turning around, I find my way to the door, punch in the code, and break out into the foggy night.
Julia clutches her stomach and runs over to throw up in the bushes.  I stand there, stare at the moon and wonder why.  If everything happens for a reason, why is this happening to Mother?  I already get it that life is hard, not to take anything for granted.  I get it.  So what purpose could this be serving?
I go over to comfort Julia, who is still leaning over the bushes.  I hesitate for a moment, watch my new son-in-law.  
He braces her so she doesn’t fall, her weight leaning on him as she heaves.  He holds her hair back and waits, knowing another wave will follow.  Love, I think, isn’t in the candy pink moments.  Too easy.  But true love, the kind when you want to run, is when you stay, see it through. 
My skin hurts all over like it did when the girls were little and they had a fever. I wonder if Yuya has the same feeling.  I go over to help. 
“You ok honey?” I ask, rubbing her back.  She swipes at her mouth, stretches to stand up straight.  
“What are we going to do?” she asks.
I smooth the stray strands of hair back from her face.  “Tomorrow she’ll be fine,” I say.  “She just had a bad day.”  I’ve never seen her scream like that.  I’ve never seen anyone scream like that. 
“That was more than a bad day Mom,” she protests. “I can’t go back there.” 
 This is good, because I can’t either. We walk toward the parking lot.
“Call Dad and tell him we’re on our way home, will you?” I ask her, tucking her into the passenger seat.  Tell him how awful this is, I think, because I don’t have the strength anymore. “I’ll be right behind you.  We’ll get a good night sleep.  You’re getting married in the morning,” I remind her.  She looks up from her open window, face crumpling into a crying jag.  
“Go.  It’ll be fine.  There is nothing we can do right now. I’m sure she’s sleeping soundly in her bed,” I say. Julia nods, buckles up loosely so she can lean on Yuya who sits waiting with his hands on the wheel.  I nod to him, giving him permission to go and wave goodbye until they are out of sight.  
Now, it is just the moon, and me, wondering why.

Charles has fallen asleep in his chair by the fire.  I am touched that he got out of bed, came downstairs to wait for me.  But then, really, it was the least he could do.  I sit quietly across from him in the warm glow.  Leather books surround him, his favorite shearling slippers warm his feet, and I realize that he is in his own personal heaven.  He feels me watching him and slowly opens his eyes and smiles.
“What time is it?” he asks.
“Just after 11:00,” I say, slip my shoes off and come to sit beside him on the arm chair.
“I miss you,” he says, puts his book on the coffee table, gives me his full attention.  “How’s your mother?”
“Horrible.  No, is there a word worse than horrible?  Why do I feel like all I ever do anymore is cry and worry about her?  There’s got to be more than this.”
“Stop it. What happened?”
I take a deep breath and start again.  “If there is a hell, that is where she was tonight,” I say.  I can’t say anymore.  There really isn’t anything more to be said.  Tears slide down my face as I hear her scream again.  When I want to avoid something, my mind goes over and over it again.  The repetition will make it more bearable.  I must think this on some level, but I know it isn’t really true.



29.
Lily

Earlier this evening
I am in a strange place and there are sick people everywhere.  Wandering, moaning, drooling.  The half dead surround me. I need my Harry.  
I want to go home, why won’t they listen to me?  I saw the locks on the doors.  I know they are keeping me against my will.
I see a television.  It looks like Lawrence Welk is on!  Oh, how Harry and I love to dance to this music.  Just wonderful!  I sit beside another woman who is also enjoying the program. 
A young, pretty lady comes in and tells me I am her grandmother.  She says she is marrying the Asian man she came in with.  She must be joking about that.  Harry fought in Pearl Harbor against the nips. Risked his life to save America from those bastards.
“No,” I tell her.
“You don’t like this show?” she asks.
She’s getting on my nerves. 
I don’t know who she is, or what she wants.  Her hair is so beautiful, a shiny chestnut color, just like mine used to be.  I reach out and touch it.  She pulls away, just for a moment, but I feel it. I’m not contagious, I don’t know what her problem is.  Why won’t she be quiet and let me watch my program?  
 I keep time to the music with my feet, tapping on the ground.  This is such a treat!  One of the ladies on a couch next to me slumps over asleep.  I nudge the woman next to me, we’ve been girlfriends for a long time, and we laugh about the woman who can’t stay awake.  Poor old lady doesn’t have any self control.
There are a lot of people at this party, and they are so nice.  The nip is making me nervous though.  He’s probably a spy.  
Two women bring in a snack when Lawrence Welk is over.  I am so sad that the show is over. They are handing me a bowlful of red Jell-O.  It smells of cherries.  The fake kind that reminds me of the flu. Yes, I hate cherry Jell-O.  “I hate cherry!” I scream.
“It’s ok Grandma, we’ll get you another kind,” says the young woman next to me.  
“I don’t know who you are,” I tell her.  I’m trying to be nice.  “This isn’t right.  I need to go home.” No one is moving.  Now!” I scream.  Where is Harry?  Where am I? Why won’t they let me go home?
A lady hands some pills to me.    I slap her hand away and the pills fly across the room. I try to leave, but can’t find my way out.  I don’t know where I am. I am trapped in the corner. 
They are all over the place, hovering, crowding in on me. For a while, I don’t know how long, they leave me rocking myself in the corner. I spit if they get too close. Now one of them is calling me mother.  I don’t know who she is.  They won’t let me go.  I spit and scream and still they won’t help me.  They are trying to kill me. One of them comes toward me with a needle while another holds me down.  I fight, but they are too strong.  I feel the needle pierce my skin, and it tears as I flail against them.  
I feel them carry me to a room, place me down on a bed, and I start to moan.  I don’t care what they do to me anymore.  They take off my shoes, cover me and leave me.  I want this to end.  I need this to end.
I drift off to sleep and see Harry.  He’s at the train station.  How we love to see the country from the train!  He is arguing with the man in the ticket booth.  The train is about to leave, but Harry only has one ticket.  He is upset, he doesn’t want to leave without me.
“I’ll come with you,” I say.  “Don’t worry.” 
I go to the ticket counter but everything changes.  My eyes open and the man has left.  I am no longer in the train station.  I am alone, calling out for Harry in an empty bedroom, tangled in my sweaty sheets, wanting more than anything else to go home.



30.
Grace

It bothers me that mother won’t be able to join us at the wedding, but who am I kidding?  That would be a disaster.
They stand in front of the rock by the ocean at Point Dume.  Ebony cormorants dive for fish and sea lions bark as witnesses.  Pelicans skim the surface of the water over the breaking  waves.  
Adorned with sea glass and orange blossoms, Julia is vibrant.  She joins Yuya at the base of the rock, water foaming at their feet.  They exchange the most simple of vows that remind me of a book I used to read to Jules when she was little, “I’ll love you forever and always.”  
The earth stops spinning and for just a moment love fills every space and all is well.
Friends and family join together for a quiet reception at Julia’s favorite little Mexican cantina on the beach.  The crowd thins and the girls, Charles and I take a walk on the beach while Yuya visits with his family.  Unfortunately, the conversation turns toward the missing piece of our little group, Mother.
“How often do you think she is like that?” Charles asks us.  We don’t know the answer.  Does she ever feel terrified, but stay alone, quietly suffering in her room?  Are her caretakers downplaying some episodes, not wanting us to suffer unnecessarily, or worse, have us think they are handling the situation inappropriately.  
“I’ll bet she is miserable about 50 percent of the time,” I say, picking up a smooth stone, putting it in my pocket for safe keeping. “And the other half of the time she is blissfully unaware.  She goes through the motions.”
“But do you think she is really happy during those times?” Diana asks.
“No more so or less than a lot of people,” I say.  “But then, I’d guess maybe one moment out of a month, she seems to have a moment of lucidity.  Where she really gets it.”
“Gets what?” Julia asks, waits for me to finish.
“Gets that she is very ill. That she is loved, that she loves.  That she will never be whole again.  In fact, I’ll bet in these moments, she decides to die.”
“But then Alzheimer’s rears its ugly head and she forgets her momentous decision and goes into the kitchen for cookies,” Charles says.  He takes my hand in his.  He is on my side.  He doesn’t mean to be callous toward Mother. I look at my girls.  Julia has a new sense of peace about her, but Diana is silently crying.
“What can we do? We can’t just let her rot in there,” she says.
 “If she were a dog, we’d put her to sleep.  When its Lucy’s time, which, sorry to say, is drawing very near, we won’t hesitate, will we hon?” Charles says, pulls me close, waits for a response.  Partners in humanity.
He’s right.  When Lucy starts suffering more than she is enjoying life, I will want her to go.  I will want her to go so I don’t have to see her hurting.  I wonder if this is selfish, or the ultimate in selfless.  Because if she were alone in the woods, whining in misery, I would also want her to go for her sake.  It seems that releasing both of us from pain, the victim and the witness, is the only plausible option.  I wonder why this doesn’t hold true for humans.  
“Why can’t we put Grandma to sleep?  I mean, what’s the difference?” Diana asks.  She throws a shell into the water, watches it skip and slide under the surface.  A crisp breeze, droplets of salt and kelp, one simple question and our lives have changed.  One moment, one idea.  There is no going back.
“I believe it’s called murder,” I say.
“In some circles it’s called mercy killing,” says Julia, surprising all of us.



31.
Lily

It is still the middle of the night.  My arm hurts and I run a hand over a sore.  I don’t know where I could have gotten that.  Then it comes back to me.  I was screaming.  They gave me a shot.  I am stuck here in this room.  Harry is dead.  Sadness eats at the edges of my brain.  I would like to die.  Tomorrow I will stop eating and drinking.  It shouldn’t take too long.  
This reassures me, and I drift back into sleep.  I am back at the ranch as a teenager.  My favorite spot on a bluff overlooking our land.  Horses and cattle for miles.  It is warm in the Colorado high desert sun and I take my boots off, sit cross legged and hold my arms out toward the sun to soak in the warmth.  A lovely dog, almost like a coyote, comes to sit beside me.  I rest my hand on her neck.  We are creatures of the sun, filled with light.  I see Harry in the distance and let go of my body to become a golden orb, floating toward him.  He is turning into light as well, and we are about to join, become one.  It is so warm and I feel no pain, no fear. Pure joy.  Oh, finally, this is it.  
“Rise and shine, Lily.  It’s a beautiful morning,” someone says.  I can’t see her.  I am still light. I keep my eyes closed, try to stay in the other reality.
“Lily,” she says shaking me gently.  “Time for breakfast.  Waffles and bacon.  Come on now.  Get up,” she says.
I am on the verge of knowing everything.  Knowing.  But my light shatters into a million painful pieces and I plummet back into my body.  I open my eyes.
“Breakfast time honey.  Now let’s get you dressed.”  I don’t know who this is, but she seems nice.  And I am very hungry.



32.
Grace

Charles and I always do a lot of talking on our walks.  Sometimes we go down to the beach or the lake down the street.  Today we just walk with no direction or plan, our legs carry us, loosening our mouths as we go.
“I think we should all meet, talk about Lily.  Figure out what we should do,” he says.
I reach to pull an orange from an overhanging branch, not breaking my stride as I peel it, offer him a section. “There isn’t anything we can do.  Are we talking about murder? Is that what we are talking about?”
“Calm down.  It isn’t murder if she wants to go.” 
“She doesn’t know what she wants.” I throw the rest of my orange into a field we are passing.  It was old; dry and tasteless.
“Is she happy?” Charles asks.
“Who are we to know, to say?”
“Oh, come on Grace.  I know she’s your mother, which makes it all the more painful for you.  She’s miserable.  You know it.  We can actually help her here.  Are you afraid?”
“Of course I’m afraid!” A crow starts out of the tree at the sound of my voice. I am an intruder in this natural world.
Charles stops in the middle of the field, on the way to the lake and looks at me.  I want to keep walking, but he grabs my hand, forces me to stop.
“What exactly are you afraid of?” 
I stand there and stare at him for a moment.  
“Death,” I say.  “Bringing it on.  Inviting it in.  Who are we to do that?”
“Who are we not to do that?”
I knew he would say something like that.  I start to walk again.  He catches up, matches my stride.
“We are responsible for our own lives Grace, don’t you see?”
“We don’t control anything,” I say.  I know I’m getting on his last nerve, “and what about jail?  Are you willing to go to jail for this?”
“Hey, it’s not my mother,” Charles says.
“I’m serious.”  Trading my life for hers.  Honestly doesn’t seem worth it.
“It’s our obligation to be responsible for ourselves.  Through life, and death.  Your mother has lost that window of opportunity to take control.  She is too far gone now.  She isn’t rational.”
“She wasn’t really ever rational,” I say with a slight smile, forgiving him for pushing me on this.
He laughs, looks up at the sky and holds his arms out wide as we stand on the hill overlooking the lake.
“What are you afraid of?  Look around.  This is a little piece of paradise right here.  Every year, every season, the grass dies, reseeds and grows back.  The fish are born and then caught, the birds grow old and die, eggs hatch.  The leaves fall and the trees stand bare.”
I sit on a patch of dry grass.  Wait for him to burst into song.
“We’re part of this plan Grace.  We die.  It just happens, part of life.”
He sits down beside me.  “If it just happens, part of life as you say, why do we have to help her along?” I ask.  There seems to be a little flaw in his system.
“I don’t know.  She got lost somewhere along the way.  Stuck.  Our medicines and vitamins prolonged her life unnaturally.”
“We take vitamins.” I groan.  
“You, my dear, don’t have to worry.  I have a lawyer drawing up a living will for us as we speak.  If you agree, and you sign, we won’t ever be in this predicament.  The laws will have changed by then.  It will be easier to die.”
I am afraid that Charles will go first.  I will lose him there, by my side, always turning the impossible into a tangible, rational plan. I will end up wishing someone has the courage to help me along.

I work in the yard a bit when we get home.  Weed, spray some plants with rosemary water to discourage the white flies, weed some more, water the herb garden.  
Watering the herb garden as the sun starts its descent is one of my favorite pastimes.  The sky turns varying shades of orange and pink, and then finally, a dusky purple. The smells match the colors of the skyline.  The scent of orange blossoms is carried away as the orange turns to the blue green, which smells like it looks.  Cool wet grass.  And then the true dusk.  The gloaming.  This is the time of day when I feel closest to God.  I often think of All Hallow’s Eve.  A window of time when the spirits commune with the living.  My body becomes weightless in the twilight, my spirit soars.
The air is usually still this time of year, with a crisp quality intensified by the spray of water raining over my herbs.  The lavender, lemon thyme and basil emit sweet scents that, along with the sound of the softly falling water, induce me into a kind of trance. A meditation.  I am there, but my mind is elsewhere, like when I am driving somewhere, deep in thoughts, and then get to my destination only to realize I don’t remember getting there.
I don’t know how long I stand there.  Charles comes out and calls my name, turns off the water.
“I think that’s enough hon. The garden is swimming.” He comes to stand beside me.  “Look, the first star,” he points to a bright star in the darkening sky.
I look up to see a tiny pinpoint hovering in the deep purple expanse.  If I let go, really let go, I might fall into it. 
    I know now.  While my body stood here watering, my mind was shown a glimpse.  The star would have looked so far away to me yesterday, but now I feel as if I am connected to it, to everything.  I know that death is a release from the constraints of the physical body into this everything.  This beautiful, dizzying everything.  
We hold onto our bodies like we hold onto kites when we are children.  The kite pulls, tries to escape, but we grasp firmly, afraid of where it will go if we loosen our hold.  
 I know that Mother is in hell, and who am I to keep her there? I shiver.  
“Let’s go inside,” I say to Charles.  “We have to plan our dinner with the kids tomorrow,” I say.  I watch as Charles patiently winds the hose in a neat little circle, and then we go into the warmth of the house.

Everyone has arrived and now we sit in the living room, munching on my famous artichoke dip and pita chips, our various assortments of drinks in hand.  All eyes are on Diana as she recounts her day at school.  It seems she already has a soft spot for some of her students.  We all let her talk although everyone’s mind is on mother.  Diana senses our lack of concentration  and stops mid anecdote, takes a sip of her gin and tonic.
“So.  Let’s talk.  Mom?  What do you think?” she asks me.  Her eyes are clear and expectant, as if I will have a decent answer.
I hear the grandkids in the next room. Sounds like they are setting up dominoes just to watch them tumble down.  Why do we enjoy building and rebuilding things, only to knock them over again? It’s only fun if they fall in a neat row, no interruptions, a dependable pattern upon their fall.
“I don’t know if it’s bad enough yet,” I say.
“Wait a minute,” Julia sits upright on the edge of the couch.  “You mean you are actually considering killing Grandma?  Seriously?  Your own mother?”
“Not killing her,” I say.  “Helping her die.  There is a difference.”
“I know.  I’m sorry.  I just thought you would be opposed,” Julia says, leaning back again.
“I was.  At first I was appalled.  But then I saw how terrified she was and I just wanted it to end.” I take a sip of my scotch.  These last few nights I notice the drinks have been getting stronger, less diluted.  Charles’ attempt at trying to calm me.
“I think we’re all on the same page here,” Charles says.
It is quiet for a moment, no one knowing what to say.  I feel sorry for Yuya, he must be wondering what he has gotten himself into.  He catches my glance. 
“My Grandfather, in Japan,” Yuya says, “when he got old, he climbed the tallest mountain and just went to sleep.”
“He did?” I ask, noticing Julia’s incredulous look.
“No,” Yuya smiles.  “He lives in Florida with my Grandma.  But when the time comes, they’re ready.  Some sort of herbal tea,” he says.
“Like the Hemlock society.  They’ve been doing it for years.  This really isn’t that big of a deal,” Diana says.
“We’re all dying,” Julia says.  “From the moment we’re born.  How do we know when she’s ready? What is the acceptable percentage of bad days to make her better off dead?”
“That differs for everyone,” Charles says with a heavy sigh, looking at Julia as if to say, ‘we’ve already been over this.’  
“Then how will we know when it’s time?” I ask.
Charles and Diana, confident and in unison answer, “We’ll know.”

I slip out and drift into the kitchen, not ready to get into the logistics of the planning stages.  Who, when, how.  My mind is spinning so fast it almost feels frozen.  Spinning and still all at once.  I let the monotony of how to get dinner on the table consume my mind for the moment.  Wash lettuce for the salad, salmon ready for the grill, couscous and broccoli off of the stove.  
“Girls,” I call into the living room.  “Can you help me set the table?”  There is a bit of a quiver in my voice that I hope only I can hear.  Do I have to do everything?



33.
Harry

I sit next to my great grandkids at dinner. I spend quite a bit of time with them.  Sometimes I’ll look out for them when they walk home from school.  I’m the strong wind against their backs, pushing them home toward safety.  Carly sings to me a lot.  We used to sing together.  And Jack will just burst out laughing sometimes, so I know he can hear my jokes.  I always did have a pretty decent funny bone.
 They feel my presence and get into one of their giggling moods, which is quite contrary to the atmosphere at the table.  I am trying to bring some levity to the situation, but my attempts backfire as the kids get into trouble.
“Why don’t you finish up and see if you can find something on TV.  I’ll bet Grandma has some dessert for later,” says Diana, giving her kids a stern look, curtailing any ideas of argument.
They give a yelp of joy and rush into the kitchen with their plates.  I look around at my family.  I am so sorry that they are here to finish the business that I didn’t have the courage to carry out when I should have.  I wish I could assure them of the peace that I know.  They wouldn’t hesitate if they knew. They quietly eat their food, beautiful in the candlelight.
Julia puts her fork down and wipes her mouth, looks around at everyone.  “I don’t want to get caught.  I don’t want anyone here spending the rest of their lives in jail.”
“I don’t want her to hurt.  It has to be really fast,” Diana says.
“Good.  Now we’re getting somewhere.  Leave no trace, and painless.  These are the two priorities,” Charles says.
“And of course we all have to agree that the time is right.  We all have to be absolutely certain,” Grace says.  “I don’t want anyone doubting or regretting our decision.”
“We could use the same injection that I put the dogs to sleep with.  A bigger dose, and she’ll be at peace in a few minutes,” Charles says.
“Good.  That’s good,” says Diana.  “But I wouldn’t want you to be implicated.  Any other ideas?”
“Pills.  She could overdose on pills,” Julia says.
“But how would we convince her to take them all?” Grace asks. 
“That’s it!” Charles says.  “She’ll forget that she just took one, we’ll give her another.  And so on.  How many anti-anxiety pills do you think it would take?”
 “I’ll look into it,” Diana says.  I look at her astonished.  “Internet,” she says.  “But there is always the gag reflex.  She could get an upset stomach and then vomit and we’re back to square one.”
“Bag over her head,” Julia says.  “Pills and then a bag over her head.  She falls asleep from the pills and then the lack of oxygen kills her.  That is the best way.”
Everyone stops and stares at Julia.  They all have a picture of Lily with a bag over her head.  Grace stands up and starts clearing plates.
“I will NOT put a bag over my mother’s head,” she says, retreats into the kitchen. 

The kids hear their Grandmother and see her silently weeping as she does the dishes.  They ask her if she is ok, to which she nods, wipes her nose.  They give her a hug and scamper into the family room, worried, but knowing there is nothing they can do, hoping their chances for ice cream haven’t been ruined.
As Grace cries, minutely comforted by the monotony of washing the dishes in warm sudsy water, her children and husband talk in hushed tones, trying to figure out how best to get my wife to come join me.
They are hung up on technique, not wanting to draw attention to themselves, not wanting her to suffer.  She is suffering now, I want to tell them.  I can see her, alone in her little bathroom.  She can’t figure out what to do.  She is frustrated, pacing back and forth.  She goes back into her bedroom and picks up the phone.



34.
Grace

I am thinking about mother and not surprised when she calls.  
“Hi mom,” I pick up.
“Who is this?”  Her voice is shaky, confused.
“Grace.  You called me.  How are you mom?”
“I need to go to the bathroom but I don’t know what to do.  I just don’t know what to do.”
She has called me three times this week with questions like this.  
I take a deep breath.  
“Take the phone back into the bathroom, I’ll walk you through it.  Are you there?”
“I’m here.  How are you dear?”
“Good mom.  You said you need to go to the bathroom.  You just have to pull your pants down, and then your depends, and then sit on the toilet.”  I don’t know how to explain the rest to her. It should come naturally but I don’t know if it will.  Leap of faith.  “Then you’ll just go.  Then wipe yourself, pull your pants up, flush the…”
“Which one is the toilet?” she interrupts.
“The one like a chair, with water in it.” This is no good.
“Ok, got it.  I think I’ll be fine,” she says, sounding relieved.
I sigh loudly as she hangs up, triumphant in her new found knowledge.  She called yesterday about how to brush her teeth.  The week before that it was how to walk.  She sat on her bed and I had to explain to her how to put one foot in front of the other.  She is forgetting things on the outside while her body is forgetting things on the inside.  I wish her body would forget faster, at the same rate as her mind.  Then she would probably already be dead.
 The girls hear the phone and come in to make sure I am alright.  I have recovered from earlier and we dry the dishes together in a comfortable silence.  I am so tired. 
“Get the kids home, it’s getting late,” I hug Diana and go to help her round up the children.  I’m more worried about getting myself into bed than making sure my grandkids get enough sleep.
We wave them off, blowing kisses under the starry sky.  The Santa Ana winds are picking up, adding to my feeling of imbalance.  “Shall we go get your bed ready?” I ask Julia.  She and Yuya will be leaving for a quick honeymoon tomorrow.  Just up the coast to Monterey for a few days, but I am jealous.  I would love to get away as well.
“I’m fine Mom,” she says.  But I am still the care-taker; at least this relationship is right.  I care for my daughter, no matter what her age. I will never be the dotty old lady needing her help.  “No, come on, I bought you some new sheets.  400 count Egyptian cotton.  You’ll sleep like a baby.”
“I hope not,” she says.  That’s my girl.  Always contrary, usually right.

The house is unusually quiet as Charles and I make our rounds, locking up.  I can hear Julia and Yuya giggling like children, safe to relax in the confines of Julia’s childhood room. It is after 9:00 and our sleepy cul-de-sac is already dark.  The full moon calls me out onto the back porch, the winds having subsided with the setting of the sun.  An owl flaps soundlessly from a palm to a pine, gazes down at me and hoots, sending shivers down my spine. Charles spots me when he goes to lock the sliding glass door and comes out to stand by my side.     
 “Where’s Lucy?” he asks.  My stomach turns and I feel stupid for not missing her presence earlier. 
Lucy usually sleeps under the table at dinner, waiting for wayward scraps.  And while I load the dishwasher, she licks the plates as I put them in.  Slimy, I know, but harmless.  I hope she hasn’t wandered off, gotten into a scuffle with a coyote or a bob cat.  Or a mountain lion.  She wouldn’t have a chance against a mountain lion.  
“She must be around here somewhere,” Charles says, whistles for her, calls her name.  The moon illuminates the yard an eerie silver, the now mild winds cast irregular swaying shadows.  Charles heads off one way, down the hills through the chaparral and scattered pines.  I head over to the grassy area where the oaks are.
The grass is cool on my bare feet and I look at the hammock longingly.  If only Lucy weren’t missing, Charles and I could share a peaceful moment together.  I wish I didn’t realize how I yearn for these moments until it is too late.  My evening has been taken from under me, turned upside down only to be replaced at my feet in rubble.
“Lucy,” I call, a bit louder into the dry wind.  
 I can feel her presence somewhere nearby.  I stand still; wait for a moment of clarity.  And then I hear her whining.  I feel my way over to the largest oak tree, my favorite tree in the yard. It sits in the farthest corner, on a slight hill.  I find Lucy there, curled up at the base.
“She’s here,” I say, too softly for Charles to hear, but not wanting to startle Lucy.  She is consumed with her pain and I don’t know if she is even conscious of my presence.  I sit beside her and softly smooth the fur on her forehead between her ears.  She tries to pick her head up to lick my hand.
“It’s ok.  Rest, sleep.  It’ll be ok,” I say.  I curl up next to her, look up at the web of oak branches above us and think this is where I want to be too.  I lean my cheek down to rest lightly on her head and slip my arms around her neck.  She stops whining for a minute, but I know it is for my benefit. I sit up and smooth her brow again and her whining starts back in.  Soft, insistent and heart breaking.  Make it stop, she is saying.  With every cell in my body, I want it to stop too, and I know what this means.  
Tears roll down my cheeks and I hold her, silently wishing her well on her journey, saying goodbye.  I hear Charles on his way back up to the yard, and we wait for him to find us.

I’m not hungry but I rise early and call Diana to bring the kids over for a farewell breakfast for Julia and Yuya.
Finally we are all gathered around the kitchen table.  Fresh orange juice and coffee is all I can stomach, but I watch everyone else dig into the scrambled eggs with salsa I’ve whipped up for them.  All I can think of is getting everyone back out the door so I can go back to bed.  I don’t have the energy to tell them yet.
“Did you kiss Lucy for me last night?” Carly asks through her mouthful of crunchy bacon.
“Yes I did,” I say.  My smile is breaking and I fear she can see right through me.  Right now, Lucy is covered by a tarp in the backyard.  Charles gave her a shot last night while I held her.  He is going to bury her under the oak after we get the kids off. 
“Where is she?  What’s wrong Grandma?”  Carly asks, dropping her fork with a clatter that shatters my brain into splinters.
“She’s gone,” I say.  “Grandpa had to put her to sleep last night.  She isn’t hurting now.  She’s in a better place.”  This is what I am supposed to say, the words come as second nature as if I have practiced them.  I find that I believe them.  I am telling them the truth.
“Why didn’t you come get me?  I didn’t even get to say goodbye!” Carly screams at me, her face contorted with rage.
I grab her as she tries to storm past me.  “She was hurting too much honey,” I say, pulling her onto my lap.  “I couldn’t wait one more second.  It wouldn’t have been right.”
The girls and Yuya don’t know what to do or say.  I have shocked them as well.
I hold Carly and we rock together in the stationary chair.  Jack comes and puts his arms around us both.  “It’ll be ok.  Lucy’s everywhere now,” he says, his voice quivering, but strong.  “Can we have a funeral?” he asks.  “I know a song I can play on the kazoo that Lucy really likes,” he says.  
“Of course.  We’ll have a special funeral after school today,” I say, grateful to Jack for giving me something to plan.
“I can’t go to school,” Carly cries.  “I just can’t.  I won’t be able to concentrate.”  Great, I think, looking at Diana who has her eyebrows raised, waiting for my reaction.  Here we go.
“We didn’t mean to tell them yet,” Charles says, looking at me reprovingly.  “Thought we could just get you off on your honeymoon without the drama.”
“Dad, don’t,” Julia says in my defense.  “I’m sorry about Lucy Mom.  We’ll stay for the funeral,” she says glancing at Yuya who is surprised, but nods his approval.  
I throw my hands up in apology.  I feel as if I’ve ruined everything.  Charles senses my frustration and takes charge.
“No school today,” he declares and Carly audibly exhales.  Relief. “Today,” he says, “we have a funeral that needs tending to.  Jack, you gonna help me dig a hole?”
“Cool!” Jack exclaims, and runs off to the garage, presumably to get a shovel. Diana gives us a quick hug.
“Sorry, but I’ve got a class waiting.  I’ll come back as soon as I can,” Diana says kissing Carly on the top of her head.  “It’s going to be ok honey.  I promise.”  Diana looks to me for affirmation.  Yes, I nod, I will make sure she is ok.  Of course I will.  My heart breaks for Diana, having to go deal with her students when every bone in her body screams to just sit and hold her child.   
“We’ll be fine,” I say.  “Go.”
Carly’s sobbing is wearing her out, and she only heaves every minute or so now.  The weight of her and the hard wood of the chair eat into my hip bones, but I welcome the pain.  We are alive, healthy, together.  Crying in the sunny kitchen.

The funeral consisted of Carly singing Amazing Grace, and Jack playing a kazoo that he keeps in his backpack for emergencies.  Charles said some nice things about Lucy and Yuya probably wondered once again what he had gotten himself into.  I surprised myself by making it through without crying.  My eyes are still swollen from last night, my throat still raw and aching. 
We saw Julia and Yuya off, both of them promising to find some good gifts at the Monterey Bay Aquarium for the kids.  
“A dolphin, if you can find one,” Carly begs, hoping to add to her collection of stuffed animals.  
“And for you,” Yuya says to Jack, “a cuddly little sea otter, ok?”  God, he isn’t that out of touch, is he?  Jack looks down so his lashes hide his eyes.  His foot traces the grout lines in the entryway.
Yuya, kidding all along it seems, amends, “for the great white shark to eat.  We can’t get you a shark and not get anything adorable for it to eat.”  Situation averted, we go into goodbye mode.  Hugs, kisses.  Charles and Yuya are awkward, Charles moving to shake his hand, but Yuya averts and pulls him in for a hug.  I’m really liking this guy.

We load up on sunscreen, hats and snacks and hop into the car for a drive up the coast to the Santa Barbara Zoo.  The kids haven’t had a chance to feed the giraffes there yet, and I figure we can swing by and see Mother before we come back home.
The zoo is built right next to the ocean, the lions and giraffes practically on the beach.  I think it is a cruel twist of fate that the lions are situated next to the giraffes, gazing at them longingly from their warm rocks, looking for a weak one in the group.
Carly gingerly holds out the biscuits for the giraffe that has come up to the lookout.  The huge equine looking head bows to her hand and she places the biscuit gingerly on the incredibly long purple tongue.  Satisfied, the giraffe moves to Jack, smelling another treat in the vicinity.  Jack holds his palm out but the giraffe has other plans.  I knew this would happen; they seem to especially like little boys.  Camera poised, I wait for the perfect shot and click right when the purple tongue wraps around Jacks face, slurping from his neck up to his hair.  Sweaty little boys being better than a salt lick.  
Carly giggles hysterically as Jack acts put out.  But I know he is thrilled; the center of attention, bragging rights at school. 
We go to the gorillas next.  Once, when Carly was a baby, she put her hands up on the glass and one of the gorillas came over and placed his hands on the other side, looked deep into her eyes.  
I have a hard time at the gorilla exhibit.  Today, they sit with their backs to us.  They know we are here, and they choose to reject us.  We are no better than them, their poses tell us.  They just didn’t build a cage, put us in.  Not that they couldn’t have, I think, watching them carefully strip leaves to eat the tender shoots.  They simply made a choice not to.
Then Jack pulls us off in the direction of the snow leopard.  The markings are so distinct, so perfect.  Nature always reminds me of how much we don’t understand.  But today it is pacing, bored with its surroundings.  The waterfall and synthetic rocks aren’t intriguing him in the least.  I think maybe he would like his habitat if he didn’t know about the invisible glass partition keeping him in.  If he were at home, in the wild, he would be perfectly content to lie in that tree.  But he isn’t home, and he can feel it.

When the kids are worn out, we make our way back to the car.  The fog has started to come in, a bank moving toward us from the ocean, bringing in cool salty air, and the car is warm and welcoming as we settle in.
“I thought we’d go see your Great Grandma!” I say with as much enthusiasm as I can muster without sounding crazy.
Carly muffles her groan, but Jack lets his out, no apologies.
“Come on guys,” I try again.  “We took you to the zoo,” I complain.  Now you can do something for me, is what I think, but I don’t think this will have much effect.
“They have hot chocolate there,” I say, noticing Jack’s eyes brighten a bit.  “With whipped cream and marshmallows.”
I turn back around, nod for Charles to go ahead and go to Villa Adagio.  “What about me?” he asks.  “What do I get?”
I sigh and lean back in my chair.  The sun breaks through the eucalyptus trees along the road.  A series of flashes in the moving car that makes me sick to my stomach.  I close my eyes and wait, thinking ‘the question is what do I get?’

Mother is sitting in the “family room” area doing a puzzle of the United States when we arrive.
The kids go over and give her a hug.
“You’re good at this puzzle Great Grandma.  Have you done it before?” Jack asks, sitting beside her, looking for border pieces.
“Lots of times,” she says proudly.  “Such a handsome young man. And Carly, how’s my girl?  Boys knocking down the door yet?” she asks, pulling her close, rubbing Carly’s back proudly.  “My kids are here,” she says to no one.  All of the other residents are watching television.  Well, propped up in front of the television.  Watching might be a bit optimistic, I think as I regard one man in particular, body doubled over, resting his head, face down on the arm of the couch.  Mother doesn’t belong here, I think.
“I went to a dance last night,” she says.  “Met the loveliest man.  Used to be a friend of Harry’s.  We danced and danced.”
“You called last night from your room,” I protest.  “More specifically, from your bathroom.”
“Oh, that.  Well, anyways, it must have been before that.  We had a wonderful dinner and then he asked me to dance.  I still have a move or two you know,” she says, patting her hair with a smug smile.
“Don’t do that,” she says to Jack, slapping at his hand as he puts Alaska down in the corner by Mexico.
“It goes there Great Grandma,” Carly says, her eyes welling with tears.  
I step in for the save.  “See mom?  It’s just a puzzle.  They don’t have enough room where it should really go, so they just put it here instead,” I say, plopping it back into place.
“Well, I don’t know about that,” she says, bent over the puzzle.  
“Hot chocolate?” Charles asks the kids, steering them over to the pot in the corner.  
“You’ve been wearing that same sweater all week Mom,” I say.
“No I haven’t,” she says, looking down at the tired red sweater with black bows.  “It’s my favorite.”
“It’s filthy,” I protest.  “Let’s go get you changed.  They do your wash for you here.  You just need to put it in the hamper,” I say.
“They ruin everything.  They don’t know what they’re doing.” She clutches at her sweater, not willing to part with it.
“Fine,” I say.  “How about if I take it home, do it myself?”  Just what I need.  More laundry.
“That would be nice,” she says, victor in the battle.  “And when you bring it back, I need some Q-tips, toothpaste and lipstick.”
They’re supposed to provide all of that here for her.  I don’t know why I paid $800 dollars for her salon and toiletry bill this month and I am being ordered on an errand.  We go to her room so she can change out of her sweater and under her sink I find six tubes of Aqua Fresh, three packs of Q-tips and enough lipsticks to keep a sorority house in business.
I put the items she has requested on the sink.
“Mom,” I call, “I brought you these.”
“Oh, what would I do without you?” she asks.  “Do you like my sweater?” 
Somehow she has put her filthy red sweater back on.  I hear Charles and the kids coming down the hallway and I decide the sweater doesn’t matter.  Some things just aren’t worth it.

The car is  quiet, the kids snoozing in the back, the sun setting over the ocean. As we drive through Ventura I am able to put words to my confusion.
“She was like her old self this morning, wasn’t she? Fun loving and vain.  Self centered and beautiful.  How does she do it?  I mean, I thought she was going downhill.  What does that do to your euthanasia plans?” 
“First of all,” Charles says, “they aren’t my plans, they are our plans.  Secondly, if you think she’s doing well, then obviously we need to reassess.”
I slide down a bit in my seat, arms crossed over my body protectively.  I don’t know what I want.  I think I know and then she has a good day.  Then, before I can rethink it, she has a bad day and we are back to the beginning.  A circle of confusion.  Good and bad, no end in sight.  
“I don’t want her to suffer,” I say.  
“Of course not,” Charles says, eyes on the road. 
“I don’t want to help her die if she is supposed to live,” I say.
“I know.  That wouldn’t be assisted suicide, that would be murder.  She has to want to die.”
“But she doesn’t know what she wants!” I am getting pissed.  Words spin around us.  Whose side am I on?  Is there a side?
“It will all become clear.  That, I promise you,” Charles says, expertly maneuvering the increasingly crowded freeway.  “A moment of lucidity.  That is what we are waiting for.”
“Are we talking about my mom, or me, or us?” I ask.  Charles reaches over and turns the radio on, pats my knee.  That means I won’t like the answer. Or maybe, I think, he doesn’t really have one.

Summer and fall pass quickly.  I can’t believe it is already the Christmas season, over a year since Dad died.  The family all gathers at my house and I still feel his absence, an empty chair, the kids playing board games without him, Mother calling every other minute and driving me crazy.
I rotate between determined shopping missions and brief periods of hibernation with a novel and my herbal tea.  We entertain neighbors, friends, family.  I enjoy the festivities almost as much as I enjoy the excuse they give me to relax the following day, enjoying the cooler weather, the occasional rain shower.  Julia and Yuya fly up for the holidays, Diana and the kids come over.  When the kids aren’t in school, sometimes they sleep here and the house takes on a peaceful fullness.  It is comforting to have everyone home again.  Charles says this is because we know they will leave, they have somewhere to go.  I sway between feeling extremely lucky and irritable, torn in too many directions.
Mother has good days and bad. In her world, the one we all allow her to be in, she seems happy some of the time.  She seems more present than she has been in years.  Or maybe it is just that I have accepted this new version of who she is.  I see a glimpse of my mother occasionally, the woman I once knew, but I have learned not to expect it.
She is here now for Christmas Eve.  Venturing out of the home isn’t one of her favorite things to do, but we couldn’t imagine celebrating without her.  Honestly, it is hard for me to have her here.  I hide in the kitchen, lean on the girls to entertain her.  Part of me wishes she weren’t here at all so I could relax, but a bigger part of me can’t bear the thought of her alone on Christmas Eve.  
I tell her to relax, but she won’t sit still.  She paces.  From the couch to the bathroom, circles through the kitchen.  She says she wants to help. 
“With my girls,” she says with a smile. “Like the good ol’ days.” 
We give her small, unnecessary tasks. She puts the flowers in water, but they are upside down, petals soggy, stems in the air.  And then she surprises us and laughs about it.  We are all able to laugh.  Feels like it has been a long time.
At dinner, she offers to refresh the ice in everyone’s water glass.  I protest, but she insists, and returns to the dining room with a crate of eggs.  She proceeds around the table, plunking one in everyone’s glass.
Carly and Jack muffle their giggles, understanding that she isn’t trying to be funny.  
“More wine anyone?” Charles prompts.
Unanimously, we accept.  The children raise their water glasses to toast with us, and the eggs bobble in the goblets as we clink our glasses together.  We don’t toast to health this year.  
“To life!” Diana says.
“To life!” the rest of us echo.
“And to everything that life is,” Charles says.  He means for this to be uplifting, but knows he is prodding me.  Accept that death is a part of life.  Disease is part of life.  A package deal. This is what he is saying to me from the other end of the dining room table.
“To family!” says little Jack, not wanting to be out done.
“To family!” we cheer and clink again.
“And everything that family is,” I say, grinning at Charles.  I can play his game because I get it now. I am part of it.  Mother is sick.  Dad is dead.  This is my life.  I am ok.  This is life.

Everything good must come to an end.  This was a rule I never forgot with my own kids, going home from the park or the beach before someone fell apart was the difference between a good experience and a trying one.  But I must have forgotten this tactic, and it is clear that we have pushed mother too hard.
 I am impressed with how long she has been able to be away from the home tonight, this  Christmas Eve.  She needs the familiar, her room at Villa Adagio, the routine they have her on.  We are too chaotic for her, and I should have known better than to push her like this.
I sit next to her, gazing at the Christmas tree lights, watching the kids try to discern which present to open tonight.  
“I have to go.  Harry is waiting for me,” she says, tugging her sweater down importantly as she stands up and heads for the front door.
I don’t know how to respond.  Does she think he is still alive in this moment? Or is she talking about joining him in death.  I’m really not sure.
“Don’t you want to watch the kids open their presents Grandma?” Diana says, trying to salvage the contentment that we were all feeling just a minute ago.
“I said I need to go.  Take me home.” She looks around and when nobody moves she becomes indignant.  “Take me home!” she screams.
I have had too much wine.  I shouldn’t drive her home.  I look around and realize we are all in the same predicament except for Charles, who has only had one drink because he is on call.
He catches my eye.  
“On my way,” he says, uncurling himself from the floor in front of the fire and running outside to catch up to Mother.  
“Let’s get you home Mom,” Charles says, taking her arm and guiding her out the front door.
“Goodbye Great Grandma!” Carly calls after them.  For a moment Mother turns, looks at who is interrupting her exit.  She gives an unenthusiastic wave, as if to a stranger, and focuses on Charles again.  Carly runs up to her room, tears already sliding down her face.
“What a nice young man you are.  Have you met my husband, Harry?” she says.  I don’t hear Charles’ response as he helps her outside and into the car, but she is smiling.  
“Merry Christmas, Mom,” I whisper, before closing the door and heading upstairs to check on my daughter, who is already in her old room comforting her own daughter.  So many tears shed over a woman who doesn’t even know who she is anymore, who doesn’t even know she is loved anymore.



35.
Lily

I went to a lovely holiday party tonight.  Harry wasn’t there.  He had to work late, but a nice young gentleman took me home.  
I feel better now that I am in my room and I see a picture of Harry on my dresser and remember that he is dead.  It didn’t seem right that he wasn’t at the party, but I guess his being dead explains it.  I thought we would be going back to the ranch, that is my home, but I guess I haven’t been there in 60 years or so.  That is what the young man in the car told me anyway.
I sit on the chair by my bed.  I’m not ready to go to sleep yet, my head doesn’t feel right.  Fuzzy, and achy, like I have a flu coming on.  I don’t want to get in that bed, not without Harry.  I’m tired of being alone.
“Did you have fun at the party, Lily?” a woman in white pokes her head in and asks.
“Yes.  Lovely.  I’m going to bed now.  Can I have some privacy?”  I shouldn’t have to ask to be left alone in my own room.  She nods and softly closes the door.    
I look around my room and don’t know what I should do.  I know, I will go make some tea.  Yes, that is what I’ll do.  I go into the dimly lit hallway and walk toward the kitchen.  I know it must be around here somewhere.  Chamomile, or maybe lemon ginger. Something to make my head feel better.
The door I open doesn’t lead to the kitchen, but outside to a big beautiful oak tree in a courtyard.  I forgot my coat so I’ll just stargaze for a moment.  The fog is coming in so I won’t be able to see the stars for long.
I sit on a bench and drift into sleep, transported in time.  I am on the ranch now; it is dusk in the springtime and I am up on the bluff overlooking our land. The crickets have started up their soothing chorus, my favorite time of night. A time of possibilities, whispers and first kisses.
 A big dog comes to sit beside me.  This is our spot.  I look for Harry, he should be coming soon.  At first I think it is just a star, but then I can tell that it’s him, my love.  The dog trots ahead of me and I follow eager to go home. 

I hear people yelling and I look up to see that I am under a tree, the grass damp on my slacks.
“Shit!  She must have been out here all night! Help me get her in,” a woman says.  She must be talking about me, because they haul me up and half carry me inside.
“She’s shivering.  Let’s get these clothes off and get her into bed.  Her lips are blue.  Lily?  Lily?  Are you ok?” she asks.
I am so cold.  I just want to be warm.  I nod and reach for my bed.
“First let’s get these wet clothes off.  Then we’ll get some hot tea in you,” she says, taking my shoes off, stripping my pants down.  I don’t care.  I know I should be embarrassed but I don’t care. Just get me into bed.  I’ll never be warm again.
“Harry.  Home,” I say.  I don’t think they can hear me.  I don’t know if I am really talking.  They rush in and out.  Doctors, nurses.  I don’t know how much time has passed.  I’m still so cold.
“Mom, the kids are here to see you,” someone says.  I guess at least one of them is my daughter, must be, but I really don’t know.  
“Hi,” I say.  Or rather, I try to say. I move my hand up in an attempt to wave, or hug, or hold.  I don’t know.  I don’t know what they want.  One of them sits down beside me and holds my hand.



36.
Grace

Mom looks awful.  They found her outside three days ago and are threatening to hook her up to an IV.  She is trying to die.  I know this, everyone knows this.  But it seems that this isn’t allowed.  You aren’t dead until you’re dead around here.  And there is no such thing as the process of dying.  There is merely the struggle to survive and then, if you lose the battle, death.  Funny how they call it a battle.  As if you are at war with yourself.  
She has a living will and a “do not resuscitate” order.  Charles makes copies of these and posts them all over her room at the hospital.  Everyone wants to save her.  No one wants her to die on their watch.
She drinks her favorite chamomile tea, eats some cottage cheese and slowly starts to come around.  I don’t admit it aloud, but I am disappointed.  I thought we were near the end.  Finally at the end.
At some points I think she is trying to leave us, but she doesn’t seem to have the strength.  It takes strength to let go, it seems.  More strength than she has right now.
She recuperates quickly, dozing through the better part of a week.  I visit daily and on the eighth day, she makes a turn for the better, requests a walk outside.  Slowly, on muscles weakened from bed rest, we make our way out into a courtyard.  
“I hate it here,” she says to me conspiratorially.  Is this her illness talking, or a lucid moment?  I can’t be sure.
“I know Mom,” I say, taking her hand in mine as we sit on a bench by the roses.  “It’s ok to go if you want.  You know, let go.  Go to Dad.”  I don’t know how many other ways to say it without saying the actual word “die.”
“Go where dear?  Your father’s been dead for years.”
No he hasn’t, I think.  It has only been a year.  “Shall we get you inside now?” I ask, thinking not of her, but of how soon I can make my escape, get out of here, find some breathing room.

An old friend calls out of the blue and requests that we meet for lunch.  I’m too tired to think quickly enough and come up with a decent evasion.  Stuck, I acquiesce.
“You’ll recognize me,” she says.  “I haven’t changed a bit.”  Typical.  And this is one of my friends.  Is it simply my depressive haze about mother, or do I just want to hide from everyone? 
“Well, I’ve changed,” I say.  “For one, I’ve gained ten pounds in the last ten years, added quite a bit of grey to my hair color,” I laugh, “and just look generally tired.”
She laughs, fake notes falling flat on my ears.  She doesn’t realize I’m not kidding.  
Over salads and quite a bit of chardonnay at the overpriced café that she has chosen, she tells me her woes.  It seems practiced, and I wonder how many friends she has regaled with her latest drama.
Her son, it seems, has just come out of the closet.  Tears stream down her face and she motions for the waitress to bring us another bottle of wine.
I’ve known her son was gay from the first time he played dress up with Diana when they were six.  I’m not sure why she is pretending to be so surprised.
“But he’s happy?” I ask, helping myself to some more wine.  Charles is going to have to come pick me up.  
“What? I don’t know, I guess.  I mean, he even got married.  I didn’t get invited of course, and Vermont is beautiful this time of year,” she says, shaking her head.
“Why aren’t you happy for him?” I ask.  “Is it because he isn’t who you want him to be?”
“I suppose,” she sighs, wiping mascara from her cheek.  “I wanted him to have a cute little family.”
My stomach turns at the thought of the righteous Christmas cards she would have sent.  Xeroxed and pompous with pictures of her bald little grandbabies, held by their parents, wearing matching holiday sweaters.  
“He’s with Eric now.  He’ll never have a chance at the normal life,” she says.
“First of all, there’s no such thing as a normal life,” I say, wadding up my napkin and throwing it on the table, the equivalent of my white towel.  “And secondly, love is love.  That is all there is.  You should be thrilled that your son was lucky enough to find it.”  With this, I neatly place my share of the bill on the table, sling my purse over my shoulder, and step outside to call Charles.  
I wait for him in the park across the street.  I don’t want to run into Linda as she comes out of the restaurant.  My anger comes from a deep place, and I don’t feel like explaining it to her.  
Life is so hard as it is.  I’ve had it with people like her, muddying the waters, bringing shame where something good and pure resides.  
There are only a few guarantees in this life.  Your children will not be who you need them to be.  Your parents will not be who you need them to be.  And your body and mind will betray you.  Death will come for you, and it will take away those you love. 
 Ah, but the luxury of loving and being loved makes everything, all of it, worthwhile.  A Phoebe with a fluffy black head and twitching grey tail lands in the pepper tree near my bench.  I’m not sure why, but it makes me feel better; brings me perspective.

The weeks go by and Mother is fully recovered.  Well, as recovered as she can be.  She has started calling me six and seven times a day, in an attempt to get me to join her in the “people who have lost their minds” club.  I dread the ring of the phone and consider moving to Europe or Australia.  Anywhere that she won’t be able to find me.
I let the machine pick up most of the time.  
“Graaaaace.  Are you there?  Pick up……”  she says.  I stand there and wait.  She always continues.
“I need some new pantyhose,” she’ll say, or “come down and I’ll take you to lunch.  I’ll pay, you don’t have to worry about that.”  And when these ploys don’t work, she’ll plead, “no one ever comes to see me.  I’m not feeling well.  I don’t know how much longer I have.”  Silence.  “Graaaace?”
I have been going up to see her more and more lately.  At least every other day, sometimes more.  The hour drive up the coast is usually pleasant, it’s that I don’t know what to do with her once I’m finally there.

Tonight she wants me to stay, just until she falls asleep she says.  But she can’t stay still, she keeps pacing back and forth in her nightgown.  I call Charles, tell him I won’t be home tonight.  
“What should I make for dinner?” he asks.  He probably doesn’t mean to, but he sounds like a whiny little boy.
“There are frozen dinners in the freezer, soup in the cupboard.  I don’t know.  Order in, go out.”
“I’ll be fine,” he sighs.  
Yes, I think.  Being that you are a grown man, I would think you could handle fixing dinner for yourself.  But I hold my tongue.  This isn’t a battle I feel like fighting right now.  Besides, Mother is rooting around in her dresser drawers for something, throwing everything out and onto the ground.
“I can’t find it,” she says looking at me angrily.  “What did you do with it?”
“I’ve got to go,” I tell Charles.
“So rude, chatting on the phone all day.  What did you do with it?” she asks me again, coming over to look in my pockets.  I stand up.
“Mother.  What are you looking for?” I ask, pushing her frantic hands away from me and sitting her on the bed.  She puts her hand up to her head and squints.
“The light is hurting my eyes,” she says.  
Only the night light in the bathroom is on.  I tell her this, but she is back to searching her dresser again.
“Mom, what do you need?”
“I don’t know!” she turns, screams at me.  I don’t recognize her face.  It has become something ugly, hateful.  I gather my strength and go over to calm her, but she pushes me backwards and I trip over her things that she has strewn across the floor. 
 My head hits the corner of the nightstand with a dull thud and I slide to the ground.  Blood trickles down the back of my head, wet and itchy, but I sit there quietly, watching my mother look for the mind that she has lost.

Finally she wears herself out and I get her to sleep beside me on her full size bed.  There is sand at the bottom of her sheets, scratchy against my bare feet.  It reminds me of days spent at the beach.  As a girl my body would become accustomed to the waves while I played in the water all day, and so at night I would still feel them rocking me as I drifted to sleep.  That night I dream as if I am awake, in this room, figuring out how to cope with Mother.
I can’t take it anymore.  It has to stop.  I lean over her, hold a pillow over her face.  But I must not be doing it right.  There must be a pocket of air.  Her breath is muffled now, but she is still breathing.  I can’t do this.  I put the pillow back on the bed beside her.  She didn’t seem to notice that I was trying to kill her.  
“Sorry,” I say in my dream.  I smooth her hair back from her forehead.
“For failing?  For giving up?  I need you to help me and you can’t.”  Mother doesn’t say this out loud, but I hear her say it.  I know this is what she is thinking.  And when I wake to see her laying there peacefully, breathing deeply, harmless pillow underneath her head, I can still hear her saying it.  “You need to help me and you can’t.  You won’t.”



37.
Lily

I am so close.  I can see Harry there waiting for me.  He calls to me and it is so warm.  I want to go there, but my head hurts so much. I don’t want to be in my body anymore,  but the pain has me snagged, reeled in like a fish on a line.  I don’t know how to let go.  I forgot how to let go.
There is a bridge that I must cross, but I am so afraid.  What if I fall?  I’ve never been a good swimmer.  I need someone to help me.  I’ll just wait here until someone comes to help me.



38.
Grace

Charles brings breakfast to me and we take a walk in the courtyard while Mother eats her breakfast with the rest of the residents.  We had a horrible night.  She couldn’t sleep and she became terrified every time I made noises about going home.  Finally, around one in the morning, I made her a cup of tea and we sat down for a game of backgammon.  This would have been fine if it had been one in the afternoon, but I was exhausted and reminded of the days when the girls were restless infants.  Julia especially, was colicky and every peaceful moment was short lived, just a precursor to her screaming fits.  And there was nothing I could do but watch the clock, working its way slowly to the time that Charles would be home to save me.  
But the clock means nothing now.  Morning won’t bring respite, neither will night.  The only end in sight will be her death, which could be years from now.
“I’ve looked into it,” Charles says quietly as we sit on the bench under the oaks.  He passes me some coffee.  “They won’t ask for an autopsy because she has a terminal disease.  The rest home won’t request one, and we certainly won’t.  She’s been seen by the Dr. on staff recently?” he asks.
“Just last week.  Remember, her eye had a burst blood vessel.  Nothing that would warrant her dying,” I say.
“Doesn’t matter. She is being treated for Alzheimer’s.  That’s enough.”
I brush the crumbs from my lemon blueberry muffin onto the ground.  “I still don’t know about this,” I say, looking through the windows at mother, seated like a child in the dining hall.
Charles shrugs.  “No rush,” he says.  “She won’t be going anywhere anytime soon.”

During the day she is a bit more manageable.  Not confined to her room, she roams the hallways, prowls the kitchen.  She dawdles over puzzles, sits in front of the television for a few minutes and then begins her pacing again.  I run out on short errands, afraid to leave her for too long and come back to find she has started off one of her tantrums.
I take a quick walk at the beach which is no more than a half of a mile away.  I just need a moment to myself to clear my head.  Three nights in a row of this and I don’t know how Dad did it.  Every night, all night long.  Her medicine isn’t working enough to calm her anymore.  The fact that Dad kept up this pace for years breaks my heart.
The waves crash, come up to tease my feet.  Something black darts in my peripheral vision and I turn to look for a seal lion or cormorant.  There is nothing there.  When I was in college I saw slippery black shapes.  Ink spots on my mind.  I thought I was losing my mind but the school psychologist told me I was just tired.  Now, after three nights without sleep, I realize he was right.
I read in the paper today that something like eighty percent of health care funds go toward the last six months of a person’s life.  AIDS, cancer, the common cold.  If we would just be willing to let the elderly die when they are ready, we would have a huge amount of money to focus on devastating diseases.  Even Alzheimer’s.  But in a meaningless effort to eke out a few more months of life, we urge the sick, the dying, to hang in there.  Just a little longer, and for what?  Drain the system, drain me, and Mother certainly isn’t living it up.  That’s it, there’s my answer.  Enough is enough.  

I return from my walk with a newfound calmness but am deflated when I see Mother.  She is in her room, tearing all of her sheets off of her bed.  In her frenzy, she has overturned her lamp, the thin soles of her slippers crunching the glass of the broken bulb.
“Mom,” I say calmly, firmly.  “Stop it.”
“They changed it.  I finally got it the way I liked it!”  Raw desperation propels her toward me.  “It smells strange,” she whispers.  “Get—me—out of here.”  She is hissing now.  Hissing and foaming at the mouth.  Rabid.
She claws at herself, tearing her skin as if she doesn’t belong in it.  All I can think to do is to hug her close, but she goes to bite me and I push her away, run down the hall for help.  Three orderlies and another needle to the arm.  Finally she is calm, but she still won’t lie down.  
“She’s fine,” I tell them.  “I’ll watch her.”  
Slowly, she shuffles down the hall.  I notice one of her heels has a piece of the light bulb stuck in it.  A shard, piercing her foot, bright blood spotting the white slipper every time she steps down.  
She reaches the upholstered bench by the visitor’s entry.
“I won’t be staying,” she says.  
“Where are you going?” I ask, sitting beside her.
“Anywhere but here,” she says.  Her eyes glaze over as we sit, and I realize she intends to wait here until someone comes to get her.  To save her.
After about fifteen minutes I tell her to go lie down in her room.
“Who are you?” she asks.  She is so scared.  I am a stranger, not to be trusted.
“Grace.  Remember?  Your daughter.  Mom? Let’s get you to bed,” I say, pulling her hand, willing her up.
“Help me,” she calls back toward the door.  But I am the only one here. No one else can help her.

By sheer will I get her into her room and settled into bed.  I sit in the armchair beside her for a moment and think it through one more time.  This could go on for years.  It is hard to imagine seeing mother like this for even one more day, and my stomach turns over at the thought of years getting sucked into this dark hole of an existence.  Her life has become a void, or rather, a vacuum that sucks the life energy of everyone who comes too near. The opposite of what life is meant to be. 
I go out to the courtyard with my cell phone and call Charles.
“It’s me,” I say.
“You ok?” he asks.
“No.”
“I’ll be there as fast as I can,” he says.
“Bring your bag,” I say.  
“You sure?” 
“Don’t talk me out of it.” I hang up the phone and sit for a minute under the oak tree.  On a bare branch about ten feet over my head sits a hummingbird.  Very rarely do I notice hummingbirds quietly sitting, as they usually seem to be fluttering about.  I swear it looks down at me, and for some reason right then, I think of Dad.
“Hi,” I say.  “I miss you.”
Out of nowhere another hummingbird comes to perch beside the first one.  And now, just like Charles said, I know that it is time.



39.
Harry

Grace actually sensed my presence in the hummingbird.  She knows what she has to do, and I ask for her forgiveness.  For pawning this all off on her when I, Lily and I, should have figured out all of this years ago.  Lily’s spirit comes to join me for a moment.  She is hovering between the two worlds.  She isn’t strong enough to be able to make the break by herself.  She is stuck.  Stranded.  Like a shipwrecked traveler, she waits.



40.
Grace

Charles arrives with his veterinarian bag and casually passes off a syringe filled with liquid.  
“That should do it,” he says.  He sounds casual, but I can tell by the catch in his voice he is anything but.
I slip the syringe carefully into my purse.  
“Do you want me to go with you?” he asks.
I shake my head no.  This is something I need to do on my own.  
I punch the code to get back in, my hands shaking with the knowledge of what I am about to do.  An orderly pokes her head out of her office and smiles.  I nod and smile, not trusting my voice.
I push mother’s door open and find her still in bed.  She has been drugged quite heavily.  Her eyes are open but she lays still.  
The tender parts of her inner elbows are exposed.  Both of them are bruised, but I can tell by a small trickle of blood that they just injected her left arm.  I pull up a chair and sit beside her.  
“You know why I’m here,” I whisper to her.  “Are you ready?”
She turns her head and looks at me.  Her neck bends ever so slightly as she tries to nod.  A tear slides down her face.  And in the way that a mother knows the cries of her child, and a child knows the smell of her mother, I know that it is a tear of joy.  A tear of release.  
I wipe the tear and wait a moment.  Silently she nods, just the slightest movement of her head.  I kiss her forehead.
“I love you,” I say.  I imagine that she says it back.  I know she does.
Gently, I place the needle in the same place she was given her last injection.  I hesitate, pick the syringe back up and check it for air bubbles.  They always do that on television.  Oh, wait, they do that so the patient doesn’t die.  Ok, so maybe it doesn’t matter, but I want to do it right if there is such a thing.  The needle slips in easily and before doubt paralyzes my hand I clench my teeth and plunge the pink fluid into her arm.  The alarm clock on the nightstand keeps time with her breath as we sit perched at the edge of the cliff, each inhalation possibly her last.  Finally, a deafening solo.  Time continues and mother is gone.



41.
Lily

I wait on the bridge, Harry calling to me, but the water is so dark, so scary.
All of a sudden, my daughter Grace is there beside me, holding my hand.  She is so beautiful.
“I’ll help you cross mom.  Hold my hand and don’t look down.”
Grace is strong and sure.  She delivers me to Harry and I am finally safe and free. I have never felt so free.  We are filled with warm light.  This is what I know.
I feel Grace moving away from me, back toward the other side of the bridge.  
“Thank you!” I call to her.  And then she is gone.



42.
Grace

Mother is gone. It only took about twenty seconds.  A few labored breaths, and then the last one. With her last breath, I felt her say thank you.  I didn’t hear it, I knew it with my heart.  
Charles wasn’t in the room when I injected her, so there are no witnesses.  I hide the needle at the bottom of my purse and head back out to meet Charles in the courtyard. I’m not worried about getting caught although I guess I should be.  I just killed my own mother.  But that makes it sound like I am a murderer.  Someone who takes away life.  And I feel that I am just the opposite.  I merely helped her along on her journey. 

We bury mom in the plot next to dad.  I would rather they be cremated, but they specified burial in their wills.  I don’t know why we care what happens to our bodies when we die.  Seems we should give a bit more planning and thought to the actual process of dying than the death itself.
I would like to be cremated, and then be spread in my family’s favorite vacation spot in the mountains.  I will be in the trees, the lakes, the earth.  But Mom is there too.  She isn’t in the box in the ground, like Jack said to Carly when Lucy died, she is everywhere.  
Last night we gathered for a remembrance dinner.  The kids told stories, things I didn’t know about my own mother.  How she would take the girls shopping and hide the evidence from Dad, paying cash out of her own little fund.  
How she would wake Dad in the middle of the night and he would go pick the girls up from their high school parties, drive them home if their dates had been drinking.
“I would have done that!” I say embarrassed that Mom took care of things that should have fallen to me.  
“We know, but that would have shattered your image of your little angels,” Diana says.
 My mother enjoyed being privy to information that was hidden from me.  Gave her an edge.  If she were still here I would be irritated with her.  Now I am able to laugh.  
“Besides, Grandma always rode along so she could check out the boys.  She had really good loser radar,” Julia  says.
“I did too!” I say.
“But we didn’t listen to you,” Diana says, raising her glass to toast with Julia.  Sisters, united against their mother.  I look over at Yuya and Charles, who must be thinking the same thing. I shrug, they roll their eyes.  
 “To Mother!” I say.
“To Grandma!” the girls say.
“To Great Grandma,” Carly and Jack say.
“To Lily.  Matriarch of this crazy family.  May she rest in peace,” Charles says.  He always did have a way with words.

After dinner, we shoo the little ones off to play, and I bring out my envelope.  I have been saving it for the right time.
“Inside this envelope are some prescription sleeping pills,” I say.
“Where’d you get those?” Diana asks.
“Doesn’t matter,” I say.  I got them years ago when Diana went to Europe.  I was consumed with worry for her and stayed up all night chewing my nails, conjuring horrifying images of my baby out in the world.
“Anyway, I ended up being able to hoard enough to do the job.  I will not do to you what my mother spent the last year doing to us.”
“It wasn’t really her fault Mom,” Julia says.
“Well.  I have a slightly different view.  Doesn’t matter.  I’m taking responsibility.  There is a letter.  It spells out when I want you to hand me the pills.  Remind me they are here.  If I am diagnosed with a terminal illness and have my wits about me I want access to this envelope.  If I forget who you are, you, Charles, are responsible for handing me the pills, pouring me a glass of water.  If Charles is gone, girls, it is up to you.  Just hand me the envelope.”
“Jesus Mom!  Do we have to talk about this?” Julia asks.
“It is never a good time.  Just please, do as I say.  And I want the rest of you to think about it.  Write down what you want.  How you want to die.”  I look around the table at them, but no one is willing to catch my eye.
“You may not be able to choose honey,” Charles says.
“You never know,” I say.  I go over to where I keep the girls baby books and tuck the envelope between them.  “You are all witnesses to this.  Don’t you dare chicken out.  When the time comes, I’m counting on you.”
“It won’t come to that,” Diana says.  
“Darling.  You don’t know that.  Promise me,” I say.
My family looks at one another around the table. Julia gets up, goes to sit in the living room at Charles’ desk.
“What are you doing?” I ask.
“Writing my letter,” she says.
“Come on ladies, don’t sweat it.  There is no need for letters. You’ll both probably die in a car wreck tomorrow,” Yuya says.  Charles and I both find this remark quite funny.  But Diana isn’t laughing as she clears the table.  She looks so tired.  
“Sweetheart,” I say sternly, getting her attention as I pick up a few plates and follow her into the kitchen.  “Life is hard.  Dying can be hard.”
She turns to face me, tears streaming down her face.  “I know that.  Don’t you think I know that?”
“But,” I say, wrapping her up in my arms.  My dear sweet little girl.  “Death is easy. So, you don’t have to worry.”
I hold her and she sobs.  It would be easier, I think, if she had a man in her life.  But then, maybe it wouldn’t.  If she had a man, he wouldn’t necessarily be the right one.  So, for now, I’ll have to be enough in the comforting department.  We try to fill in the holes that others leave in us.  All of us intricately connected like pieces on a puzzle.    
I have had too much to drink, and I’m tired. I leave the girls to the dishes and go in to see my grandkids.  I’m hoping they’re watching Sponge Bob.  He’s my favorite.

At one time in mother’s illness, I worried that I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if I helped her die.  Now I know how misguided that sentiment was.  Doubts don’t creep in to torture me in the early morning hours the way they did when she was alive.  I had the courage to help her, and that is exactly what I did.  
  I should have been more worried, perhaps, about the implications of my actions.  For all intents and purposes, I killed my mother.  But the rest home didn’t order an investigation when I told them I was willing to keep my mouth shut on the fact that they had clearly over-sedated her.
“I don’t think we gave her any more than we do our other patients,” Jenny, one of the nurses protested.
“Well,” I said, “everyone has different limits, I suppose.”
Jenny stood before me in her white scrubs.  Her eyes welled with tears.  I imagine she was worried about losing her job due to incompetence.  
“She was terminal,” I said.  “It really is ok.  She probably just died in her sleep.  A coincidence,” I reassure her.  “It is nobody’s fault.” 
Jenny was relieved, as was I.  No one is willing to figure out how she died because nobody really cared.  Her file says she died peacefully in her sleep.  This brings me comfort because there is a core truth in that.  The overworked doctor that saw her for the broken blood vessel in her eye signed off on her death without even looking at her body.  He knew she had Alzheimer’s and that there are hundreds of patients in the county waiting for her room.  
There will be no investigation.  Her life had been lived and was of no value anymore.  I never would have believed this to be possible.  There is value in all life, I used to think.  But I have seen things that have proven otherwise.  

“She was a lovely woman,” Jenny said to me.  I wonder if Jenny actually saw through to the woman Mother once was, or if this is in the handbook under, “what to say when a patient dies.”  It doesn’t matter.  
“Yes,” I say, “she was.”     



Epilogue
Harry and Lily

We are together.  We check in on all of the kids occasionally, help them out when they need it.  We fixed it so Diana got a flat tire while running late on her way to school one morning.  We fixed it so her soul mate just happened to stop and help her, and there began their whirlwind romance. They will be married a year from the date they met, and have a baby daughter within their second year together.  Diana will be sad that we never met her baby Lily, but of course we know her, having helped direct her into her parent’s arms.
Lucy is here with us waiting for the time when she can be with Grace again.  In a few months, Lucy is going to help a stray puppy find his way to Grace’s front door step.
Grace and Charles are spending their much deserved vacation exploring the European countryside.  They have found a new spontaneity and catch trains to unknown destinations.  They know that their journey is with each other, and that the destination is wherever they are.
Julia doesn’t know it yet, but she has a malignant tumor growing in her breast.  She will give it a good fight, but when she becomes too tired, her bad days far outnumbering the good, that letter she wrote at Charles’ desk will come in handy.  That letter will save Yuya many sleepless nights. Hospice will be a bit generous with the morphine, easing her passage.  In her final days we go to her nightly, reassuring her and welcoming her home.

Life, they say is a circle.  The circle of life.  If one were to draw the circle, conception would mark the beginning, and death the end.  But in a circle, there is no discernable beginning and no definitive ending, and so the point of conception and the point of death are side by side, almost one. These points can be looked at in several ways, their end result, however, remains the same.  
Some see conception as an accident and others see it as a miracle.  The difference between the two seems merely to be in the timing.  Death can be looked at in the same light.  An unfortunate accident to some may seem a miracle to others.  It depends on whether or not you understand the timing.  It depends on whether or not you are ready for the journey. 


A note from the author

My grandparents may have been appalled by this book. By the way it doesn’t sugarcoat death. They were a generation that dealt with such atrocities as World War II and the Great Depression. Perhaps that is why they always chose to look at the bright side. Or perhaps everything in comparison was the bright side. I am fortunate for this, however, because they also used their optimism in loving. I never once doubted their sheer undiluted love for each other and for me as well.
My father always says “this is life!” when he is enjoying himself. He also says that when he is no longer enjoying himself, he will take a long walk in the woods. End of story. My mother indulges him, laughing, and says she’d better take that walk first, to ensure she is not left alone. 
They used to scare me, talking this way. But now, after watching both of my grandmothers lose their minds and then their bodies, I understand their sentiment all too clearly.
As a whole, we seem to be a people that are afraid to die. When we are born, death is part of the contract, and it is as if we forget this somewhere along the way. And so we hang on, sometimes far too long, not knowing how to let go and move on. Not knowing how to have a Timely Death.  

Genia Stemper has a degree in journalism and lives in Southern California with her husband, two children and two dogs. She is hard at work on her next novel. Be sure to check out her novel Rest Upon the Wind.  https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/12771

########
