Waiting for Fireflies
By Matthew Fish

Edited by J.H.C.

Special thanks to: Todd Carey

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012
All Rights Reserved


 
She Waits by the Window.  The bright red walls, their paint peeling and cracking, reveal the gray beneath like some old forgotten secret, bearing the small weight of her exhausted body.   Outside at night, beyond the darkened limbs of the oak tree which creak and groan against the house with each gust of strong winter air, a freezing rain has begun to fall.  Alone, save for the light of a small oil burning lantern—a small comfort afforded to her—she begins to worry that returning to the house was a fatal mistake.  It is growing colder.  She brings her cold fingers to her mouth to blow warm air upon them but finds little success in the endeavor.  She averts her emerald-green eyes to the old wooden door at the far end of the bedroom as footsteps can be heard faintly approaching the sparsely decorated room—the footsteps rap like fingertips against an old wooden desk.  Music begins to play from an antique record player; faint notes escaping the flume of the phonograph which is spread out like the golden leaves of a flower.  The simple opening tones of “Für Elise” fill the still air, muting out the sound of her heartbeat.  She despises the sound of her own heartbeat.  The light footsteps are soon at her door as she walks over and sits on the edge of the bed, which smells of warm sandalwood with a hint of old hickory smoke.  The golden, aged doorknob begins to turn as a small white glow emanates from the keyhole.
“Who are you?” she asks as she folds her arms around herself in an attempt to keep warm.  Despite her request, no answer is returned.  
“Another memory perhaps,” she says as the music grows louder. 
“Or are you a ghost?”
The presence at her door does not answer.  As the old wooden door creaks open, the room is filled with a blinding white light—not warm, but cold.  Cold like the wind of a winter’s day, piercing and painful in its swift embrace.  This is not the first nor does she suspect it to be the last of these visits.  So much time has passed that she cannot remember if this is a beginning or an end.  She feels ever-so-slightly cheated in that regard.  
For Elise, for the girl named of the song her mother loved dearly in life (which was taken from her the moment she lost the ability to breathe), sadness came early in life.  Elise did not cry much, at least as much as one would expect of a girl of fourteen at the loss of a parent.  She was deeply saddened, just not one to give in so easily to tears. Her father was not afforded such sadness, for he had disappeared many years ago, so far back that Elise could no longer remember her father’s true face.  In memories and daydreams she produced the best facsimile she could, but she knew that this stand-in was nothing more than an imagined inaccuracy.
  It was a late spring day, the day her mother was buried.  Laid to rest beneath the short grass and the shade of the twisted oak which filtered sunlight from the midday sun and tinted the air with a multitude of green.  It had rained the night before and the earth was soft and accommodating.   
“You will stay here with me now, child,” Grandmother had said as she hid her wrinkled face beneath a weathered black umbrella with tiny pinholes that allowed sunlight to shine through the dark fabric like stars in a clear night sky.  She wore a dress that was as equally distressed as the umbrella, though both were elegant at one time.  Yet, those kind and gentle days were so far gone that Elise wondered why they did not bury the dress that day as well.
“What about my things?” Elise asked.
“Whatever you need from your old house shall be ferried over to the island,” Grandmother said as she looked down to Elise.
  She was a short girl, dressed in a white dress with small, earthy stains that covered some of the flowered red print.
  For a moment Grandmother’s gaze turned to disdain as she remembered her own passed youth.  She too was attractive once, just as Elise was and would be.  She envied the long hazel strands of Elise’s hair as they danced in the wind, the softness of her form, and the gentle green of her youthful eyes.  Grandmother, lost in thought and memory, was snapped back by the voice of her granddaughter.  
“Will I be going back?” Elise asked, pondering the opportunity to say goodbye to her friends.  
“Not for a good long while,” Grandmother answered.
“When will I be able to go back?” Elise pressed.  
“Now is not the time to speak of such things,” Grandmother said as she pinched Elise’s arm to divert her attention to the proceedings at hand.  
“Say goodbye to your mother.”
Elise watched in silence as the simple casket was lowered into the ground and grim-looking men wearing dirty clothing began to pile the wet, soft dirt into the grave.  She felt a strange lack of attachment to the fresh grave.  She had, by this time in her life, formed an idea that her mother was neither any longer here nor there.  Her mother was not some dead thing to be trapped away forever in a cheap box beneath a tree and did not require any further services of its shade.  She believed her mother was free, although she did not truly know how.  She likened her mother’s passing to that of the un-caging of a wild bird.  Elise just wished that mother would have remained trapped with her for a bit longer here on Earth.  
“When you are ready, meet me back at the house,” Grandmother said as she walked away, frail and weak, her pace that of a snail’s.  Elise followed behind, looking back to the revealed earth beneath the tree.  
“Goodbye mother.”
The House that towered before Elise was larger than any she had seen before—even larger than the school she attended back on the mainland— with its five stories stretching up into the sky to its pointed, gothic, lightning-rod adorned roof.  The house loomed over much of the small island that it had laid conquest upon.  The house was painted dark red with large, arched white double doors and windows of frosted glass to allow sunlight into its atrium.   White shutters framed each of the house’s large windows all the way up to its top which held a circular window with a circle-inside-of-a-circle design and contained bright yellow and green glass.  Oak trees lined the gravel walkway, some of them growing so close to the house that their eager branches brushed against the red paint and, over time, had revealed the dingy gray that lay beneath—the gray that seems to lie beneath everything here.
Elise knew the house for what it truly was, even at her young age.  She could feel herself growing apprehensive as she neared it.

Elise collapses upon the bed as The Memory passes, leaving her body exhausted from the experience.  The light slowly fades away as the door creaks shut noisily until it climaxes in a jarring slam that echoes through the hallway.  The footsteps rush away, leaving only silence behind.  Elise can hear the sound of her own heartbeat again.  She hates the sound of it.  She always has—even as a kid.
“Thank you,” Elise whispers.
She gathers her breath, which is deep and heavy, as though she has just run a great distance.  Elise feels more comfortable with the bed she has collapsed upon, more familiar.  She runs her hand against the textured pattern of the old dingy brown quilt beneath her, feeling the large, rough frayed strands of thread on her fingertips like guitar strings.  Feeling the quilt brings back a short flash of memory that it belongs to her—something that had once belonged to her mother as well.  Although she is happy to repossess it, Elise knows that this is not what she has come for.  Not for something so trivial.  The memory of that knowledge still escapes her like the thrill of a mouse chase to a declawed cat.  The wooden floorboards creak beneath the pressure of her gray mud-covered boots as she places her feet to the floor.  She looks down to the familiar brown quilt, noting that she has dirtied the old fabric even more with mud.  She feels regretful for a moment, but it passes as quickly as it comes.  Elise has far more important things to worry about and sets off toward the old wooden door which has grown quiet and normal once more.
She places her hand to the old golden handle, surprised to find that it carries much warmth.  It appears in slightly better shape than before.  The cracks of the gold paint, which were once very evident, are no longer as visible and are much smaller like roots of a weed or tiny cracks in fractured glass.  She glances back to the room that she has finally prepared herself to leave.  The room feels a bit warmer, the reds of the wall more vibrant, and the light from the lantern clearer and brighter.
Elise lets out a gasp and reaches a hand out as a light green Luna Moth flutters towards the glow of the hanging oil lantern.  The moth’s wings flutter against the light, causing shadows to dance about the room.  Just as quickly as it appears, the moth disappears into the light as if it has been absorbed or has become part of the light which now has a faint glimmer of green in the core of its flame.  Elise takes this strange event as a sign and walks toward the lamp, pulling it down from its hook with a single hand.  She looks out the window once more; ice has formed against the window so thickly that the glass is almost completely frosted over.  So much so that Elise can barely make out the branches of the oak that grows close by.  
Elise returns to the door, which no longer carries any warmth.  She turns the old doorknob slowly; like everything in the house it creaks in reply—breaking the silence once more.   As the door slowly opens, all the while groaning on its hinges, the darkness of the hallway is revealed to Elise.  There is no sign of the light that appeared moments before, no sign of light anywhere in the long black hall.  
“Is anyone there?” Elise asks to the darkness.  
The Hallway smells of mold and that summer rain smell of water, a slightly sickening mixture of the unpleasant and pleasant.  A thin layer of fog is in the air; the sound of dripping water can be heard all about her.  Her lantern in hand, Elise steps into the hallway, the light from her lamp reflecting against the inch-deep layer of water at her feet, causing shimmering, dancing streaks of light against the darkened hall.
Elise runs her free hand against the damp wall for support as she walks a few steps ahead, her boots splashing and causing tiny ripples in the water’s surface, the mud slowly being washed and carried away.  The familiar red paint of the wall has slowly been streaked away from the slow force of water against it.  The gray beneath has been revealed here and there in giant spots—all that is left of the red is paintbrush-like streaks of surviving paint, small bastions of retreating color soon to be overcome by the dripping water—like all things here, it is just a matter of time.  
“Child?” an old voice croons from behind her in the wet darkness.
Elise whirls.  She nearly loses her grip on her lantern—startled at the sound of the voice, she grasps on to it with both hands, which shake nervously for the voice is not unfamiliar to her.  Through the fragmented light of her lantern, Elise manages to catch a glimpse of a form which slowly shrinks away into an open door as it slams shut.
“Grandmother…!”
Elise sprints toward the door at the end of the flooded, slick hallway, water splashing at her ankles and coldly dampening the hem of her long dress.  Once at the door, which by the lamplight looks faded and warped, Elise attempts to try the doorknob but finds it locked.
“Grandmother…,” Elise whispers.  “Please let me in.  Please speak with me.”
“You should not be here!” Grandmother shouts as the strange, abrasive sound of nails scratching against the wooden door follows her words.  
“I had to come.  Now please just let me in and speak with me,” Elise says as she jiggles the doorknob, attempting to push her way into the room.  She finds no success in this venture and concedes to speaking through the door.  
“I do not remember why I am here,” Elise adds.  “I know that it is something important, something I must remember or find—will you please help me?”
“You should not have sought this place,” Grandmother says as the scratching noises, like that of a cat’s claws upon leather, continue.  Then Grandmother begins to weep in a mumbled tone, muttering incoherencies in something that might not even be a language.
Elise cannot make any sense of the noises coming from the room and backs off, somewhat frightened by the off-kilter chanting and scratching.  
“I’ll find it on my own then, Grandmother,” Elise adds, taking another step backward as a drip of water hits her squarely in the back and sends a cold shudder down the length of her spine.
“Mr. Henry’s gone down to the lake to play fetch—all the while the devil plays for his scratch.  Mr. Henry has his head got rung round the pole, drunk off his ass and then buried in the deep gray hole.  Too worthless to pick cotton and too poor to plant corn.  Mr. Henry’s gone to town again to play with his whores…,” Grandmother sings in a loud, repugnant tone.  
“Who is Mr. Henry?” Elise asks, halting her retreat in the hopes that this has some greater meaning.
“Mr. Henry’s gone down to the lake to play fetch…,” Grandmother begins again— her voice even more abhorrent.
“All the while the devil plays for his scratch…”
Elise can feel her heart beating rapidly in her chest as she backs away until she is against the damp wall.  The sounds of footsteps loom in the hallway as the cold light of the presence returns, seeking her.  
“I’m not ready.  Not here…,” Elise pleads. 
“Not yet.” 
“Mr. Henry has his head got rung round the pole—“
Despite Elise’s attempt to reason with the insufferably bright light, it comes to her regardless, engulfing her and taking her away once more.
“You’ve found your mother’s quilt, I see,” Grandmother said as she ran her hand against the old brown fabric.  
“It still smells of her,” Elise replied.  She pulled the quilt up to her chin, apprehensive at the thought that Grandmother might take it from her.
“It was mine once—did you know that?” Grandmother asked.  
“I did not.”
“It belongs to you now, of course,” Grandmother added as she walked over to the large window and opened up long flowing ember-red curtains to allow the sunlight to come flooding into the red room.  
“Thank you,” Elise said as she hugged the fabric.
“It has been well over a week now since your first day here at Red Manor.  I believe it is time you start doing some chores and get out into the sunlight once again,” Grandmother said as she clapped her hands the same way one would to get the attention of a trained canine.  “Now get dressed—I have had the cook prepare some oatmeal and fresh fruit for your breakfast this morning.  Afterwards, I really insist that you leave the house today.”
“I will, thank you,” Elise responded meekly.
“Remember, child, this is your home now.  As it protects you from the outside world—remember that it is now your responsibility to do so in return,” Grandmother said as she furrowed her long bushy eyebrows, a look of either worry or regret washing over her tired, wrinkled face.
“I will,” Elise said as she grew deeply confused at the statement.  It was almost as if Grandmother considered Red Manor to be an entity unto itself.  
“Also, when you have finished your meal, would you kindly fetch Mr. Henry, the handyman who lives in the small quarters by the cherry trees, and inform him that a leak has formed in the attic above us that will need tending to before the next rainstorm comes?  Add that if he does not do so he shall find himself upon the next ferry home—jobless.”
“Of course,” Elise answered with a nod.  
Elise made her way down the long red hall, passing Grandmother’s room just down a bit and to the left of her own room.  She looked up to the white ceiling above her and could make out a small water stain; a tin bucket was placed strategically beneath it to catch any stray droplets that might escape from the attic above.  At the end of the long hallway, a large spiraling staircase went down three floors to the main floor of the old house.  Elise ran her hand against the railing and rushed her way down, causing herself to become slightly dizzy—yet in a fun and playful way.  She smiled for the first time since her mother’s passing.
Elise walked through the dining room and into the kitchen, its large windows giving a grand view of the eastern side of the island and the tall hill adorned with evergreens and bare rock that seemed to break through the green grass in an effort to be noticed.  
“Good mornin‘, ’Lisey,” Mrs. Alice said with a big grin on her wide face.  She was a large black woman that dressed daily in different flower-printed dresses that were often too small to support her large frame.  She stayed in a small private room just above the kitchen on the second floor and had her own staircase that she took up and down every day to get to work.  It was very uncomfortable for Elise to be waited on by “paid help” as Grandmother would refer to them on good days and “servants” on bad ones.  
“Good morning, Mrs. Alice,” Elise politely replied.  Given the choice between Mrs. Alice and Grandmother Elise would choose the company of Mrs. Alice any given day.  Mrs. Alice always seemed to have a cheerful air about her and always carried a smile despite the oft-rudeness of Grandmother or the demands of her job.
“Let’s take breakfast in the dining room now,” Mrs. Alice said as she adeptly carried in her thick arms two bowls and a glass full of orange juice.  “Wouldn’t want to anger Grandmother now would we—always going on about what’s proper. 
“Of course,” Elise said as she followed behind.  
“Now, I know it’s not your favorite,” Mrs. Alice added, seating Elise at the large wooden table which was set for only one.  “I put a touch of brown sugar in the oatmeal.  It makes it so much better.”
“Thank you,” Elise said as she reached for her spoon and began to eat her breakfast.
“Don’t thank me ’Lisey,” Mrs. Alice replied.  “I am just doing my job.”
“Then thank you for being so nice to me,” Elise added— a compliment she deeply meant but had been too shy to say beforehand.  
“Kindness is met with kindness,” Mrs. Alice replied with her characteristic large smile and deep hearty laugh.  
After breakfast, Elise made her way into the atrium, pulling on her large black boots and tying the knots in the way that she was taught by her mother from the story of “Chasing a rabbit into a hole.”  She pulled the large, white, arched door open using her hand to shade herself from the bright morning sun.
She followed the gravel path for a bit, skipping merrily in the breezy early summer air, her dark shoulder-length hair bobbing behind her like a streamer in the wind.  She diverged from the path just past the third oak tree and headed toward the slightly rundown living quarters of the handyman.  All around her was the fragrant smell of the cherry trees, their blood-red fruit glowing in the sun like tiny rubies set against the green leaves.  She arrived to find the door halfway open and, despite the fact, Elise gave the door two light knuckle-taps.
“Yeah?” a voice shortly replied from behind the door.
“It’s…, “Elise hesitated, attempting to form a proper introduction.  “It’s Elise, I’m…”
“I know who you are, come on in,” the voice said as the door was kicked open, allowing sunlight to fill the old dirty room.
“Mr. Henry…right?” Elise asked, attempting to be polite as she reached a hand out to the man who looked somewhat disheveled and drunken.  
Mr. Henry had a red, sunburned face and was probably in the autumn years of his forties.  A short beard extended to rogue patches along his rough face with dark brown eyes that gleamed in the shadows but were barely visible upon his constantly squinting face.
“Good to meet you,” Mr. Henry replied as he squeezed her hand a bit more tightly than she had anticipated.  “Seen you about—haven’t had the pleasure.”
 Mr. Henry kicked the door shut with his foot as he sat in an old rocking chair, a half-empty bottle of vodka sitting next to him.  

“Too sunny for my tastes,” Mr. Henry said as he reached into the front pocket of his overalls.  “Have you ever seen a magic trick?”
“A few,” Elise replied, remembering back to a show her mother had taken her to see a few years back.  An illusionist had come to town and performed many sights that she had not seen before.   “Long ago…”
Mr. Henry pulled out a deck of cards from his pocket, the design on the packaging all but faded and the cards themselves rat-eared and stained.  He pulled out a single card, the ace of spades, and held it in his hand.  With one swift sleight-of-hand motion he made the card disappear.  He then reached over to Elise’s ear and, with a twitch of the wrist, retrieved the card, pulling it back into existence.
“I’ve seen that one before,” Elise said, smiling politely.  “Do you know any others?”
“No,” Mr. Henry replied shortly as he snorted and slid the card back in the deck and then placed them back into his overalls.  He then reached down and took a straight drink of vodka, his face straining as he swallowed the burning liquid.  “What do you want, anyway?”
“Grandmother asked me to tell you that the roof in the attic is leaking water into the fourth-floor hallway.  She is very adamant about it being fixed and warned that you would be out of a job if it was not,” Elise repeated in the best way that she could.  
“What are you going to do for me?” Mr. Henry asked, a sickened look crossing over his face.
“What do you mean?” Elise asked, confused.  She backed away a few steps, fearing that something bad was about to happen, although she was unsure as to what circumstances would befall her.
“What are you going to do—to motivate me to fix that leak of yours,” Mr. Henry added as he eyed her.  “How old are you now?”
“Fourteen,” Elise quickly responded as she backed away a few steps more but found herself ensnared by the door and the foot that rested firmly upon it.
“Lift up your dress,” Mr. Henry demanded as he reached over to his workbench and pulled a rusty old knife from the assorted tools upon the table.
“Please,” Elise whispered, her eyes growing large in terror at the sight of the blade.  “Please do not do this.”
“You think I give a shit if I am fired from this job?  I’ll kill you and everyone in Red Manor— now do as I say.  I would hate to ruin such a pretty face,” Mr. Henry said as he kicked his foot against the door violently; causing Elise to shudder in fear.  “Now lift up your dress.”
“I won’t be asking again.”
Elise’s hands trembled as she reached down to her knees and slowly, scared, began to pull up her dress, revealing her panties to the man who stared at her as though she was nothing more than a dog.  Her mind could not comprehend how someone could be so terrible, so inhuman.  She wondered if Grandmother had sent her here as some form of punishment.  Truly Grandmother knew the nature of this man—how could anyone not see the evil within him?
“That’s a good girl,” Mr. Henry said as he reached a hand down into his pants and began moving and moaning loudly.  “Take down your panties—and don’t hide your face.”
Elise, tears streaming down from her eyes, did what she was told. 
“Good…,” Mr. Henry said, staring at her sickeningly as he let out moans of pleasure until he was finally finished.  He wiped the contents of his hand against the side of his overalls and released his foot from the door.  
It seemed like forever had passed as Elise collected her panties from the dirty floor and covered herself up.  She reached for the door, tears still streaming down from her green eyes.
Mr. Henry slammed his foot against the door once more as though he was toying with her.  “Say anything to anyone and I will do so much worse to you next time.”
“I won’t…,” Elise said, shaken.  “I promise just let me leave and I won’t say anything.”
“Good,” Mr. Henry said as he reached down to the vodka bottle and took another swig.  “Go and tell that old bitch I’ll have her attic leak fixed later today.”
“I will.”
Mr. Henry released his foothold upon the door and allowed Elise to leave.  She ran as fast as her feet could carry her.  Once she reached the gravel pathway she wiped away any signs of sadness from her face and mustered up all of her strength to appear normal.  However, the truth was that she felt as far from normal as the Earth from the Sun.  She felt dirty, awkward, and disgusted.  These feelings soon gave rise to a great anger— anger at her new home at Red Manor and anger at her Grandmother for sending her on the errand.  Her mother would never have allowed such a thing to happen to her and would have protected Elise against such terrible circumstances.
Elise finds herself lying in the hallway, the lantern still aglow in the dark and sitting beside her as though it was placed there instead of having been dropped.  She had worried that she would lose the light during the passing of the memory.  The memory was not a kind one; however, it was at least relevant to her current situation.  The sound of the dripping water was gone and the water that once filled the hallway was also gone as well.  Once more Elise was left with nothing but the deafening silence and the sound of her own heartbeat—a sound which she hates more than anything.  
Elise gathered up her energy once more, prepared for what lay ahead.  She glanced at the old wooden door that Grandmother was behind, singing that terrible song about that terrible man Mr. Henry.  She let out a sharp kick against the door.
“You Stupid Old Bitch!” Elise shouts, drawing upon the traumatizing memory and borrowing a phrase from the repulsive Mr. Henry.
To Elise’s surprise, the door flies open upon the force of her kick, revealing a dimly lit room.  Elise cautiously gets back to her feet, lantern in hand, peeking into Grandmother’s old room.  A small electric lamp on a bedside table illuminates the room, though its shade is the color of dirt and dust, causing the red walls of the room to appear blotchy.  Elise passes into the room, each footfall muted to prevent Grandmother knowing that she is approaching.  
As she crosses the dresser she sees the bed and the shadowy figure resting upon it, shriveled and curled into a fetal position.  The figure is covered in thick black fog, an ever-changing mass, but the form is definitely human.
“Grandmother?” Elise asks.
“Child, is that you?” Grandmother replies feebly.  Her voice is ragged and the black form of her reaches out as though she has gone blind.
“It is…,” Elise begins; confused at the sight and condition that Grandmother is in.  “It’s me, Elise.”
“Why have you returned here?”
“I don’t know,” Elise says as shakes her head; she takes Grandmothers hand, setting aside the anger inside her heart for a moment.  “Do you know why I am here?”
“You should not be here,” Grandmother replies.
“Why did you send me into that…,” Elise begins, and then fumbles with her words once more.  The memory is still too fresh in her mind for her to speak clearly.  “That place.  To see that man…”
“I did not know he was as such,” Grandmother says sadly, her voice sounding dry and pained as though she has been without water.  
“You had no idea?”
“I did not, I promise,” Grandmother answers.  “He fixed the leak that day, and I paid him his wages.  He took what I gave him and ferried to the city where he set out to meet with his whores, however, when he returned—Red Manor had something waiting for him.  Didn’t it?”
“Plans, what do you mean?”
“So thirsty, child,” Grandmother replies as she points a shadowy finger toward a glass of water sitting upon the other end table.  
“Of course,” Elise says as she walks over and fetches the glass of water, giving it to the ghostlike form of her Grandmother.  She watches as the shadow drinks the liquid, letting out a heavy sigh of contentment like the first breath air to a prisoner.  
“I am, though, of course,” Grandmother says as she rolls back into her fetal position.  “A stupid old bitch…I always have been.”
“You did not know any better,” Elise says as she places a hand upon the cold form.  “I forgive you.”
“Do not be so quick to forgive,” Grandmother adds.  
“What do you mean?”
“Let an old woman rest,” Grandmother says as she attempts to cover herself up with an old gray blanket, in spots stained deep-red and moth-eaten and ragged.  “I will not resist you further.”
“What do I do next?” Elise asks.
“Whatever Red Manor wants of you,” Grandmother says as she lets out a yawn that sounds more like the ragged breath of a dying woman.  “That’s how it has always been, has it not?”
“I cannot remember.”
“You will in time.”
Elise begins to walk away as the smoldering black form of her Grandmother snores noisily.  There is still so much that she does not understand, yet she figures she will find no more answers here, not at this juncture.  
She carefully closes the door behind her as she carries her lantern into the dark hall once more.  She continues on, passing a small closet and a spare guest room before she finally reaches the Spiral Staircase.  She attempts to jockey her lantern into a position so that she may see the floors beneath; however the black cloud of fog persists on the floor beneath her, thus obstructing her view.  
Elise takes in a deep breath, unsure of what to expect next from Red Manor.  She attempts to piece together her Grandmother’s meaning of “Whatever Red Manor wants of you,” by remembering back to her second memory—“As it protects you from the outside world, remember it is your job to do the same.”  These fragments, mixed in with the macabre warning that “Red Manor had something waiting for him,” all clutter her mind like cobwebs in an attic.  Grandmother has always spoken of Red Manor as it was more of an entity, a sentient being, than just a house.  She wonders if this has any purpose to her return.  There is something, some reason for Elise being back here.  She just wishes that she could discover this reason, or why it she has forgotten it in the first place.  At least that would be a place to start to unravel this strange riddle that she has found herself a part of. 
Lantern held out before her as though it was some ward to protect her from evil, Elise reached her free hand down to the railing which felt as cold as ice and burns her hand causing her to quickly release her grip.  
“Won’t be doing that again,” Elise says aloud as she attempts to navigate the steps that echo and groan with each footfall.  She reaches the third floor and attempts to look down its long hallway.  Elise holds the lantern high above her, attempting to overcome the black mist that hangs in the air.  Just as her lantern reaches its apex, a greater, much brighter light looms over her shoulder.  Unlike before, she did not hear this presence approach.  She feels its coldness against her back and knows that she has little time to prepare herself for Another Memory as the light flashes dazzlingly and evaporates everything in its radius.
Elise awoke to a loud commotion coming from outside of her curtained window.  She carefully pushed her mother’s brown quilt aside and ran toward the window, tossing aside the long curtain and releasing a torrent of dust into the air.  Elise let out a short cough as the room filled with the light of the gray morning sky.  
From the fourth floor window she could see a small crowd gathered a short distance from the gravel pathway.  Curious of all the much-ado, she tossed on her summer dress and rushed into the hallway.  The tin bucket that was outside Grandmother’s door had disappeared and the leak had been fixed just as Mr. Henry had said it would be.  The thought of that disgusting man and what he forced her to do, left her feeling angry once more.  She had not confronted her Grandmother.  Instead she kept her anger to herself, allowing it to show only as she meekly wept into her pillow as she attempted to sleep, hoping sleep would cleanse her mind of this terrible memory.  This, however, did not happen.
She circled down the spiral staircase, her hand running over its smooth surface.  By the time that by the time she reached the bottom her palm was warm from the friction.  
“’Lisey,” Mrs. Alice said from the kitchen as Elise passed into the atrium and jumped into her boots.  “Is that you?”
“I’m going to see what’s going on outside,” Elise answered as she pushed her way outdoors.  
“Wait!” Mrs. Alice shouted as she gave chase.
Elise ran a short distance past the gravel walkway before she came upon the scene of a man impaled upon a large metal beam that had been used prior to tie up horses.  The metal pierced him from his anus all the way up and emerged from his mouth, leaving a messy blood trail from its blunted top.
“What is she doing here!” Grandmother demanded as she squint her eyes and shook her head in dismay at Mrs. Alice.  “I had given strict instruction that she be kept indoors.”
“It was my fault,” Elise said.  She stepped away from the small group of men who all looked away or down toward the ground, their hats held against their chests.  
“This is not for your eyes, child,” Grandmother said as she stood in the way, blocking Elise from seeing anything further of the grisly display.  “Mrs. Alice, take her inside immediately.”
Mrs. Alice averted her eyes from the bloody scene as she placed her hands upon Elise’s shoulder and guided her back toward the house.  
“I am sorry, Mrs. Alice,” Elise said, deeply regretful.  The gruesome image of the man impaled upon the beam had permanently burned itself into her mind.  “I did not mean to get you into trouble.”
“It was my fault,” Mrs. Alice muttered, her wide face for the first time not showing any signs of happiness.  
“Who was that…that man?” Elise asked, although as soon as the question crossed the threshold of her lips she already felt that she knew the answer that was to come.
“It was Mr. Henry,” Mrs. Alice said as she shook her head and put her hand to her heart and made a gesture she had seen religious people do a few times in the past.  “…the handyman.”
“What happened to him?” Elise asked, her mind still fixated on the impossibility of his position on the pole.  It seemed like something that would take great force, or many people to accomplish.  It bothered her a little how all right she felt with all of this.  Especially once she discovered that it was Mr. Henry.
“Nobody knows.  Thomas, the man who feeds the goats in the morning, discovered him like that,” Mrs. Alice said as she looked vacantly toward the doorway of the house.  Through the frosted glass, she could barely make out the small crowd that was gathered around the large wagon hitching post. 
“I talked to him only yesterday,” Elise whispered in a monotone.  Part of her felt as though the man deserved his fate, disgusting as it was.  To be put on display, naked—penetrated so violently.  
“Let’s not dwell on him any longer,” Mrs. Alice said as she looked back to Elise and found the courage to put on a smile once more.  
“Have you ever had apple pie for breakfast?” Mrs. Alice asked as she guided Elise with her hands into the kitchen and shut the door behind them.
“Never,” Elise replied with a smile.
“Let’s have some, then,” Mrs. Alice said as she cut slices of the apple pie and placed them on two plates, setting one out for Elise on the kitchen counter.  
“Should we not take breakfast in the dining room?” Elise asked, remembering that Grandmother liked things to be proper and formal.
“This time, it will be our little secret, ’Lisey,” Mrs. Alice said as she handed Elise a spoon.  “Lord knows they got enough to attend to that they won’t be botherin‘ us over some pie in the kitchen.”
As Elise finished her pie she looked over toward the large picture window at the end of the kitchen.  A heavy rain started to fall, streaking over the glass and distorting the world outside in wonderful and strange ways.  Elise intently watched the rain as it beat upon the window; she squirmed uncomfortably in her seat for a moment as the sound reminded her of her heartbeat.  
Mrs. Alice looked to the window and shook her head once more.  “They sure aren’t gonna catch a break today, are they?”
“How do you reckon one gets done like that?” Elise asked as the sight filled her mind once more.
“I reckon I do not wish to know,” Mrs. Alice said as she placed a hand to Elise’s shoulder.  “I would put it out of your mind if I were you.  Let them handle it.  Think no further upon it—it will only bring trouble if you do not let it go.”
“I will—“
Grandmother entered the kitchen, brushing away the rain from her shoulders and squeezing it from her large, long gray hair.  Her long, stained, white day dress was soaked with both rain and mud at the bottom.  She was barefoot, her wrinkled, pale feet a strange contrast of color against the wooden floors.  
“Elise, may I ask something of you?” Grandmother said as she looked down to her.
“Of course, Grandmother,” Elise said as she awkwardly hid her gaze from that of her Grandmother’s—although she did not know why.
“Did anything happen with Mr. Henry yesterday?  When I asked of you to fetch him about the leak in the ceiling?  Did he say anything or…,” Grandmother began, although seemed to be at a loss for words for the first time that Elise could remember.
“Nothing happened,” Elise answered, lying mostly out of shame.  “I just told him that you requested that he fix the roof.  He was drunk, I believe, but he said he would do it and I thanked him and went on my way to water the black-eyed Susans, and then helped Mrs. Alice with some string beans from the garden for dinner.”
“Thank you,” Grandmother said somewhat awkwardly.  It was as though giving compliments was usually against her nature.  “Now I want you to forget what you’ve seen out there—I know that is a lot to ask.”
“Mrs. Alice has already bid me to do so, and I have done it,” Elise said.
“Good,” Grandmother said, her eyes widened as though she was taken by surprise by the composed way that Elise was handling the death of Mr. Henry.  “Thank you as well, Mrs. Alice.”
“I’ll just be glad when this is all over,” Mrs. Alice said with a heavy sigh.
“Elise,” Grandmother said as she opened the kitchen door behind her.  “Would you give us a moment in private, please?”
 “Of course,” Elise replied.  She nodded to Grandmother as she passed by and exited the kitchen. 
“Head up to your room now; Mrs. Alice will fetch you when we have finished talking.”
Grandmother shut the door behind her, all the while looking uneasily at Elise.
Elise, being one that usually did what she was told, did not follow Grandmother’s direction that moment.  Instead she walked off, thumping her feet loudly against the wood floor as though she was leaving.  After the false display, Elise rushed back over to the door and peered through the small keyhole.  She could barely make out the form of Grandmother and Mrs. Alice seated at the long kitchen counter through the limited view.  She could, on the other hand, clearly hear their discussion.
Grandmother’s voice came first.
“Did she say anything to you about what happened?”
“No, she didn’t appear to know anything about what happened to Mr. Henry,” Mrs. Alice replied frankly.
“Let’s hope so…,” Grandmother softly added.
“What do you mean?  You do not suspect that she had anything to do with what happened—that would be impossible.  You saw what awful way Mr. Henry was done.  No girl could do such a thing, especially not our ’Lisey.”
“Of course not,” Grandmother said confidently.  “It was that Mr. Henry that I am worried about; he seemed to have truly let himself go both mentally and physically.  He was always with drink.  I should have had him fired long ago.”
“You think that man tried something on ’Lisey?” Mrs. Alice asked with deep concern.
“If he did, then…then there is no mystery to why he ended up in such a state,” Grandmother answered with a heavy sigh.  “If it is true…, then that would mean that she now owes Red Manor something.”
“Oh, enough with that superstition!” Mrs. Alice said, as though adding volume to her statement made it all the more true.
“All these long years you have worked here and you do not believe that there is any truth behind the fact that Red Manor is not an ordinary house?” Grandmother asked, sounding very skeptical.  “It gives and it takes.  It even grants….”
A loud knock came upon the large arched white doors as Elise looked toward the atrium and saw the figure of a man standing through the frosted glass.  She swiftly got to her feet and scuttled up the spiral stairs as fast as she possibly could, all the while trying to maintain a level of surreptitiousness.  She reached the fourth floor and let out a heavy sign of relief as she peered down the length of stairs and saw Grandmother heading toward the door.  
“Ah, detective…,” Grandmother said as Elise tiptoed down the long hallway to her room.  She soundlessly managed to shut the door and slid to the edge of her bed, wrapping herself in her mother’s soft old quilt.  She glanced out the window—rain was still falling hard against the glass.  She imagined that it was helping wash away all the blood from the metal pole, like it was not an accidental rain, but a purifying one.  
Elise grew restless.  She did not wish to see outside the window despite a growing, twinging curiosity within her.  She refused the tiny voice’s meek request, attempting to push it out of her mind as Mrs. Alice had instructed.  She put a record into her player and listened to the opening tunes of “Für Elise”—the opening was always her favorite part, just as it was her mother’s.  The opening tones were soothing like the wind of an approaching storm.
Elise wandered back and forth in her large room, looking into a large gold-framed body mirror with each passing.  She thought about what Grandmother had said—that she now may owe Red Manor something.  If that were the case and the house was responsible for Mr. Henry’s demise then she was grateful to some extent.  After all, given a long enough time what more might the terrible man had come to request of her?  She knew very little about what adults did with their naked bodies, but she was not young enough to be completely ignorant of it.  Back in school on the mainland, she had heard how other girls would talk about how far they would go with their boyfriends.  Elise never had a boyfriend at school.  She was always seen as an outsider—it did not help her situation that her mother was unwed and they had moved there from far South.  Some of the kids would pick on her just for being from somewhere different.  The idea seemed so foolish to Elise—to her, in essence, we all come from somewhere different.
Many more moments passed before Mrs. Alice rapped upon Elise’s door.  
“’Lisey, would you like to come down now?  Lunch is all just about ready.”
Elise walked over to the door, pulling it open to reveal Mrs. Alice’s smiling kind face.  “Yes I would,” she replied.  
“Good.  Everything is being taken care of outside, so we will just stay indoors today.  After all, with the rain it is not fit for man nor beast out there,” Mrs. Alice said as she led the way down the long red hallway.
“Why do they call it Red Manor?” Elise asked as she ran her hand against the smooth red walls of the hallway, dropping her hand just as she came upon the spare guest room door.  As they passed, she swore that she heard a noise from inside the room—something small, like a thimble falling onto the wooden floor.
“Been called that as long as I can remember, probably even as long as Grandmother can remember,” Mrs. Alice answered with a hearty chuckle as she navigated the spiral staircase.  Her breath became heavy and labored as she carefully took each step with a slow, cautious pace.  “Always a pain taking this confounded thing.  Always makes me dizzy by the time I get down to the bottom.”
“Is there something strange about this house?” Elise asked as she followed behind, thinking that the trip would take nearly forever.
“What?” Mrs. Alice said as she stopped for a moment to catch her breath.  “Grandmother’s been filling your head with all that superstitious nonsense, hasn’t she?  It ain’t right, spooking a girl like that over something that’s not real.”
“But Henry…”
“Now listen to me ’Lisey.  That Mr. Henry was into all sorts of bad things: gambling and the what-not.  He made a lot of enemies back in the city,” Mrs. Alice said sternly as her usually happy tone turned to one of deft seriousness. “What happened to him was a damned shame, a shame for something like that to be gone and done to anyone, but Red Manor had nothing to do with that awful business.”
“All right, Mrs. Alice, thank you for making me feel better.”
“Ain’t right for you to worry about it in the first place—wasn’t none of it your fault.  Like I said before, put it out of your mind, there’s no point in filling it with dark things or superstitions.”
Elise finds herself alone in the third-floor hallway.  Her fatigued body is slumped forward, her rear against the rough paint-peeled wall.  The black mist is gone and, to her dismay, her lantern is as well.  She can make out a faint light from somewhere off towards the spiral staircase.  She panics for a bit, being so far from her light, which she has come to rely on and is angered that someone has placed it out of her reach like some cruel prank.  She stumbles back to her feet, still reeling from the memory. 
“Where is it…?” Elise whispers to herself as she uses the cracked dark walls for support as she makes her way to the dim light.  As she reaches the spiral stair she notices that it is coming from up above her, back on the fourth floor.
She lets out an annoyed sigh and shrugs her cold shoulders as she begrudgingly ascends the staircase.  She wonders what the purpose of backtracking is at this point—shouldn’t she be moving ahead, searching for answers?  She reaches the fourth floor and finds the lantern conveniently sitting right by The Guest room door.
Elise stands before the door, attempting to remember if this room holds any significance to her.  In the memory she believed that she heard a faint sound as she passed.  Perhaps that sound was a sign that there were answers to be found within this room.  Elise reaches down and picks up the lantern, comforted by the fact that it is in her possession once more.  She looks to the old, scratched wooden door.
“I wonder…,” she says to no one in particular.
She reaches down to the doorknob and to her surprise it gives in easily.  Without even a sound, the door swings open upon its hinges and the guest room is revealed.
The guest room is clean.  The red walls, surrounding her, give off a warm feeling and the paint looks pristine and untarnished by time.  A small cot is set up in the corner of the room adjacent a writing desk which conceals an old leather chair with silver wheels.  
As Elise steps into the room, she marvels in its warmth—compared to the rest of the house this room is an oasis.  She is taken by surprise as the gold-and-green electric lamp on the writing desk flickers on, illuminating the room much more than her lantern.  She places the lantern down on a nearby antique dresser, confident that there is some comfort to be found here.  This room does not feel as overbearing as the rest of the house has felt thus far.  There is a strange comfort, as though this room has not changed in the slightest all these years—a strange sense that perhaps this room is still inhabited and cared for.  
Elise heads toward the window and places a hand against the cold glass.  The freezing rain has caused so much ice to form that nothing is visible.  A small noise from the dresser near the door causes her heart to jump—a key has fallen from the dresser to the floor.  Elise heads back toward the dresser by the entry as she notices a small forest-green suitcase propped against the base of the dresser.  She wonders why she has not noticed it before.  The name ‘Ryan Madison’ is written in cursive with black marker on the top near the ebony handle.
“Ryan Madison,” Elise whispers.  The name is somehow familiar to her although she cannot quite place it.      
A small golden lock sits beneath the ebony handle of the suitcase.  Elise figures this must be the container to which the key belongs and retrieves it from the floor.  She picks up the suitcase, which has some significant weight to it, and sets it upon the cot.  She readies the key in her hand but is interrupted.
“I had a feeling you’d be coming this time,” Elise says as the swift footsteps come up from behind her.  
Elise places both of her hands upon the cot and takes a deep breath in to steady herself for the oncoming memory.  Just as so many times before—the light consumes all in its cold brilliance.  Like the purifying ambit of a nuclear blast, all of existence is torn away in blinding white.
Elise was playing in a wide field of short grass just past the oaks of the walkway, chasing fireflies barefoot.  Tonight was the night of their first arrival upon the island and she was elated with their appearance.  Two weeks had passed since the murder of Mr. Henry and life on the island had pretty much returned to its normal state.  A new man, named John Watts, now took home in the old quarters of Mr. Henry.  He was a kinder man, much older, and used a cane to get about properly.  He was a man without family and was more than pleased to take the position of handyman, although the details of the sudden job opening were spared him.  No one on Black Tern Island spoke of it further, it was as if time had washed all memory of Mr. Henry away the same way it would grains of sand in a receding tide.  Not even the detective who hung about for a few days returned.  This truth gave Elise a strange sickening sense of justice—for she still kept secret what transpired between her and Mr. Henry and felt that no matter how gruesome the punishment, it was dealt out fairly in her eyes.  She wondered if feeling this way made her cruel, yet felt a strange sense of disconnect for she found no empathy for feeling as such.
Elise had her hands cupped around a firefly as she watched its light dim and then glow pale green in her hand.  
“’Lisey!” Mrs. Alice shouted from the walkway as she made a frantic sweeping gesture with her hand as though she could sweep Elise into her arms through the action.
“Coming, Mrs. Alice!” Elise yelled as she released the firefly to the open air once more— watching for a moment as it disappeared from view.  She covered the distance to the walkway in a short sprint, the cool evening air gentle against her face as she took in the breaths of air that smelled heavily of flowers.  
“Grandmother has requested your presence,” Mrs. Alice said as she ushered Elise along, her breathing heavy as she fanned herself with an open hand.  
As Elise passed into the atrium of Red Manor she saw a suitcase sitting at the edge of the spiral staircase.  It was a large dark green suitcase with an ebony black handle and a golden lock.  Written in cursive upon the top of the suitcase was the name “Ryan Madison”.  
Elise slowly walked into the dining room.  Grandmother turned and looked somewhat concerned for a moment and then flashed a short smile.  
“We have a visitor,” Grandmother began as a teen rose from his seat at the long dining room table.  
The teen was tall but wiry; he had short dark black hair and unusual grayish-blue eyes. He was dressed in a brown suit jacket with matching brown pants and wore a pair of very shiny black dress shoes.  He walked over to Elise and extended a hand.
Elise returned the handshake and smiled.  It had been quite a long time since she had been in the company of anyone close to her own age.  
“Ryan,” the teen nervously said as he released Elise’s hand.  “Ryan Madison.”
“Elise.” 
“Pleased to meet you,” Ryan added.
“Likewise, of course,” Elise said as she smiled.
“Ryan will be staying with us for a time.  His father was a great friend to me— so any Madison will always be welcome here,” Grandmother said as she turned to Mrs. Alice.  “Would you kindly take our guest up to his room?”
“Of course,” Mrs. Alice said as she rushed off to gather the suitcase.
“Thank you for your hospitality, Mrs. Morgan,” Ryan said to Grandmother as he followed behind Mrs. Alice, nodding once as he passed Elise.
Elise was surprised at the fact that someone had used Grandmother’s real name.  Since she had arrived on the island everyone had just referred to her as Grandmother, even those who were her equal in age.  Even still, she was more taken with Ryan.  He seemed a very handsome and well-spoken boy.  Not at all like those she had gone to school with back in the city—the ones that would tease her and pull on her long dark hair and make fun of her for being an outsider.  
“Well then,” Grandmother said somewhat nervously.  Her hand trembled a bit as though she was hiding some amount of fear that she did not want to show to Elise, but was however unable to completely do so.  “A boy your age should be great company.”
“Is he my age?”
“Fifteen, I believe,” Grandmother said as she nodded.  “You’ll be fifteen next week, right?”
“Yes, in five days to be exact,” Elise said happily.
“We shall have to celebrate,” Grandmother said as she eased herself into the seat of the arched wooden chair behind her.  She steadied her hand and briefly smiled.
“Is there something amiss?” Elise asked.
“What?” Grandmother replied, her eyes glazed over as though she was deep in thought.  “No, child, I was simply… I was thinking about his father.  He reminds me so much of his father it is rather uncanny.”
“You were friends?” Elise asked.
“We were,” Grandmother said as she looked away to an open window and gazed off toward the oncoming waves in the far distance.  
“Were?”
“He is no longer,” Grandmother said.
“I am sorry,” Elise whispered.  She had her fair share of encounters with death, her mother being the central part, so she knew pretty well firsthand how it felt to lose a loved one.
“As am I….”
“Our new guest is all situated,” Mrs. Alice said as she carried on as though she was about to have a heart attack.  She collapsed into the empty seat across from Grandmother and let out a heavy set sigh.  “Those stairs are certainly going to be the death of me one day soon, I swear.”
“It is a product of your own good cooking, and a measure of ability in avoiding it,” Grandmother said, changing the subject at hand and turning it toward a rare moment of compliment.
“Ain’t got any reason to be avoiding it,” Mrs. Alice chuckled heartily.  “It’s been many a year since I last felt the need to impress a man—besides I’m pretty impressive as it is, what with my many assets.”
Footsteps could be heard clumping down the spiral staircase.  Elise turned to see Ryan Madison, dressed in shorts and a more casual white shirt.  
“Elise?” Ryan asked as he spotted her through the doorway to the dining room.
“Yes?”
“Would you like to walk with me outside?” Ryan asked as he wore a confident smile that was almost a smirk.
“I would, of course, if that is okay with you, Grandmother,” Elise answered as she turned toward Grandmother, awaiting a reply.
Grandmother still appeared in a state of slight shock upon seeing the youth once more, for she said nothing and simply stared off into his eyes as though they were familiar windows into the past.
“I’m sure it’s fine,” Mrs. Alice answered for Grandmother as she reached over and gave her wrinkled hand a gentle squeeze.
“Yes, of course,” Grandmother added with another brief, strained smile.
Outside, the sun had disappeared into the water leaving behind only an orange smear across the dark blue sky.  Tiny stars emerged above them as the ground was lit by the dull gray moon, which gave the grass the bluish-white appearance of fresh snow.  They began to walk upon the rough gravel walkway surrounded by oaks that swayed and danced in the gentle wind.  Fireflies lit up like tiny fireworks around the pair.
Elise watched in awe at the multitude of the fireflies at play.  Back in the city, it was common to see perhaps a handful—here, there are hundreds if not thousands putting on a grand display and to which every other showing of light made by the hand of man, pale in comparison to the beauty of which nature is so capable.    
“So,” Elise said as she turned to her companion, attempting to think of something to break the ice.  “Did you come from the city?”
“I came from much farther,” Ryan replied.  “A different place….”
“What was it like?”
“Pretty much the same as every other place in a sense,” Ryan answered as he rubbed his chin with his thumb.  “I tend to believe that it is not the place that is really any different, but the people who live there.”
“Were there good people that lived there?”
“Good and bad,” Ryan said as he let out a short laugh.  “They’re interchangeable really, wouldn’t you agree?  You’re from the city, right?  Not originally though, your Grandmother told me from…from somewhere farther south.  Would you say that the people you’d lived around were good, or bad?”
“They treated me badly at times because I was an outsider,” Elise answered, her eyes turning away as she remembered a few sad moments from the past.  “However, there was good in people, they just would hide it behind their cruelty.”
“And how have you been treated here?” 
“Differently, yes,” Elise answered.  “Everyone here has treated me with kindness.  However…”
“However?”  
Elise paused; she did not want to mention what had happened to her.  Yet, she wanted to give an honest answer.  “There was some bad here, but it is gone now.”
“So all people are capable of both good and bad,” Ryan said.  “How about evil?”
“I’ve seen evil….”
“Here, or back in the city?” Ryan asked.
“Both…,” Elise whispered, her voice trailing into the night.
“I am sorry that I brought it up, then,” Ryan quickly said as he placed a hand upon Elise’s bare shoulder.  “Think of it no further.”
“All right,” Elise said as she smiled at his warm touch.  
“What do you like about living here?” Ryan asked as he looked off behind them in the distance toward Red Manor, the lights from the tall windows illuminating the immediate area and casting heavy shadows against the surrounding oaks.
“I like a lot of things,” Elise said as she thought back to her time thus far on the island, “The sound of birds in the morning, the cool nights—if I leave my window open a crack, I can hear the waves against the shoreline.  I like the oaks, the goats, and the smell of the wood in the house on a hot day.  The shade beneath my mother’s grave.”
“I am sorry about that as well,” Ryan said as he shook his head, “It seems as though I am stricken with the curse to not be able to hold a conversation without bringing you some degree of sadness.”
“I’ve come to accept it,” Elise said as she looked to Ryan and let a gentle smile creep across her face.
“You are a strong person,” Ryan said as he returned the smile.  
“How about you?” Elise asked.  “You’ve lost your father, Grandmother said.”
“So long ago I do not even remember it,” Ryan answered simply.  “The same with my mother—I have no memory of her either.”
“I’m sorry that you never had the chance to know them,” Elise said as she attempted to form an image of her mother’s face in her mind.  She found some slight difficulty in producing a proper image and that concerned her greatly.  She had already lost her father’s face long ago—she had feared for the moment that she could not recall her mother’s either.
“You know,” Ryan started as he looked at Elise, his eyes slit as though he was attempting to discover some kind of secret.  “You are not at all like I had expected.  You do not seem your age at all.”
“You had expectations of me?” Elise asked, not sure how to properly take the observation.  “I suppose I do not act like girls my age because I am bothered by how they act.”
“Please understand—I meant it only as a compliment,” Ryan added.  “And, to answer your first question, I did.  I had formed some ideas in my mind of what you would be like, what you might look like.  After all, I had met your Grandmother many times and had seen pictures of your mother.”
“In the house?” Elise asked, for she had not seen a single picture of her mother in Red Manor and found that truth rather unsettling.  
“Before, yes,” Ryan answered, “when I was younger.”
“So, those expectations…,” Elise said playfully.  “Do I meet them?”
“I’ll let you know in five days…on your birthday.”
“Fair enough,” Elise said, although the return seemed rather cryptic and unusual to her.  Perhaps he did not know her well enough yet.
Elise finds herself collapsed upon the floor and deeply exhausted.  Above her, on the cot, the corner of the green suitcase juts above Elise as she struggles to focus her vision.  She can feel the cold metal key in hand and remembers that she was just about to open the suitcase before the memory had stolen her away from the task.  
She places her hands against the wood floor and pulls herself back up to her feet.  Upright and steady once more, she attempts to swat the dust from her knees of her dirty dress before realizing that there is no point in doing so and that she is just going through the motions out of habit.  Elise returns her attention to the suitcase, pushing it upright and placing the metal key into the lock and giving it a turn.  It clicks open in quick submission and the two halves of the suitcase unfold before her like a butterfly’s wings.  The inside of the suitcase is lined with brown felt and smells faintly of sandalwood; however, save for a single faded, slightly tattered red book, the case is empty.  
“Is this what I am looking for?” Elise mouths as she carefully handles the delicate-looking old book.  She runs her hand along the cover as embossed white letters spell out The White Stag.  There is no author’s name listed beneath the title nor along the cracked spine of the tattered book.
“Is it what you are looking for?” a voice comes from across the room.
Elise drops the book to the floor in shock as she sees a familiar form sitting in the old leather chair next to the writing desk.  “Ryan?”
“Elise…,” Ryan adds.
“You haven’t aged a day,” Elise says as she looks to the youth.  He looks exactly as she remembers him, dressed in the same brown suit he wore on the day of his arrival to Red Manor when they first met.
“One could say the same for you,” Ryan says as he calmly remains seated.  He folds a leg over a knee and rests his hands against the sole of his black shoe.
“I do not look older?” Elise asks, confused.
“Perhaps I do not perceive time in a similar fashion,” Ryan answers as he shrugs.  
“Are you the one who is bringing the memories?”  
“You haven’t figured that part out yet?” Ryan asks giving Elise a strange look.  “It is not me.  I assure you.”  
“Are you a ghost?  Like Grandmother?”
“I am open to that possibility,” Ryan answers as he looks toward the ice-covered window.  “This is really all about you, though—however, I suspect you do not remember that part yet.”
“I know I had to come back.”
“You chose to do so, yes.”
“Please just tell me why,” Elise pleads to her old friend.  At least, she feels that they are friends.  Some part of her memory tells her that they are close, or perhaps were at one time.
“I wish I could ’Lisey,” Ryan says as he keeps his gaze affixed to the frozen window. “There are more things you must remember before we can speak again.”
“Come with me?” Elise asks, although somehow she knows that he will refuse.
“I cannot leave this room,” Ryan answers as he looks to Elise once more, his gray eyes gleaming in the light of the desk lamp.  “It is a condition of my being here.”
Something about the color of Ryan’s eyes triggers a déjà vu moment--a memory that must be of some significance but she cannot remember why or what it is that seems so important.  She reaches for her lantern and begins to head out.
“The book,” Ryan says.
“What of it?” Elise says as she turns to face Ryan.  A shiver runs down her spine as the realization that he has not aged fills her already troubled and confused mind.
“Take it with you,” Ryan answers, “It is a gift.”
Elise reaches for the book and places it beneath her armpit.  “Thank you….  It is good to see you again.”
“Likewise, of course,” Ryan whispers, his voice barely carrying across the room.
Elise exits the guest room and shuts the door behind her.  She is all the more vexed at this new revelation that both her Grandmother and Ryan now occupy the house which she was sure was completely vacant.  The hallway is dreadfully cold and the warmth from the guest room that once filled her body is escaping her.  Shivering, she holds the lantern closer, hoping to steal away a bit of warmth as her arms begin to tremble.  
What do I do next? Elise wonders, placing her free hand to her head in frustration.  Her body is sore from each memory—it is as though they are ripping away parts of her very existence with each new revelation that they bring.  If only I could remember why I returned here, then I…
“I don’t know,” Elise whispers.  She cannot remember where she was before she found herself by the window in her old room.  She cannot recall how she had arrived here.  Still, she must press on.  Soon, she will become too cold and the frigid air will surely claim her life as it steals what meager energy she has left and that which the memories have not yet claimed.  She thinks to return to the guest room once more to press Ryan for more answers and feel the warmth of the room; yet, she realizes that this would be a futile exercise, only prolonging the inevitable.
Elise makes her way back toward the spiral stair.  She looks over the wooden railing; the fog that once inhabited the third floor has dissipated.  Through the dim light of her lantern, she can see all the way down to the first floor.  For a brief moment, she catches a glimpse of something moving on the first floor, a shadow perhaps, maybe even a reflection from the light of her lantern.  The possibility that it may be something more draws her down.  She is careful as she descends as the stairs have deteriorated in their advanced age.  
To her comfort, she reaches the first floor of Red Manor without incident.  She holds the lantern high and attempts to make out something in the blackness.  The darkness is so thick here that the light from her lantern can barely penetrate a few feet.  The air here is strangely hot as if there is a fire; however, the air seems clean and her breathing remains unhindered.  A charcoal swirl of smoke dances into view before disappearing into the inky blackness around her.  It smells of burnt wood, a bonfire on a summer night.  Perhaps somewhere on the first floor the house is ablaze, yet how could there be fire with an absence of light?
Just as she ponders light, it comes by way of the kitchen, almost as if summoned into existence.  Through the black smoke, a presence can be heard swiftly approaching her— a rapid padding of footfalls sounding against the hot wooden floor.  Beams of brilliant light filter through the smoke, giving an ever-changing form to the light.  Elise sets down the lantern and book as she is faced with the radiant aura; she balls her hands and bites the bottom of her lip nervously as the cold light overtakes her.  All is nothing.
“It’s good, you making time again with me here in the kitchen,” Mrs. Alice said as she smiled widely at Elise.  “I do have to admit to enjoying your company and have missed it these past two days.”
“Sorry?” Elise asked, she was busy chopping away at a rather large carrot and was somewhat lost in thought.  
“You thinkin‘ about that boy in the guest room,” Mrs. Alice said as she laughed, her entire body quivering in delight.  “I know—I’ve seen you two out on your nightly walks.  Surprised you two aren’t doing chores together today as well.”
“He went into town with Grandmother to fetch some supplies,” Elise said as she finished up and began to cut into a handful of fresh shallots.  
“Probably getting supplies for your birthday party,” Mrs. Alice said as she wiped the sweat from her brow with a towel that hung on the strap of her pink-and-white-striped apron.  “Not that you got that information from me, of course, ’Lisey.”
“Will there be many people?” Elise asked.  Most of her birthday parties back on the mainland were small affairs.  She did not have many friends, fewer ones than perhaps she even counted as friends—there were those that feigned niceness but spoke poorly of her when they thought she was not around.  She had this happen on more than one occasion.  On previous birthdays, it was mostly just her and her mother, a cake and some music from an old record player, and then, depending on their financial situation, a small present—a dress one year, a book another. Some years it would be just a chocolate bar or something small with the promise of something better when their situation improved.
“I suspect that most of the help, hired hands, and the handful of residents here on Black Tern Island will come out.  Shoot, most of them will come around for any opportunity to break into our beer and whisky barrels in the still.  But they’re all good folk for the most part so I’m not really complaining.  Is there anyone you want to invite from your old school—friends, perhaps?” Mrs. Alice asked as she began to boil a pot of water for her freshly peeled potatoes.
“No one,” Elise said softly.  “I think it would be better if anyone from my past were not here.”
“Fair enough,” Mrs. Alice said, allowing a frown to grace her face for a moment but not letting it linger long.  “Well, I will definitely be attending, as will young Mr. Madison—and Grandmother, of course.”
“Then that is enough to make me happy,” Elise said in a muted tone.  There was one person she did wish would be there, however, it was an impossible wish—her mother.  Elise would have enjoyed having her mother here at Red Manor, celebrating her fifteenth birthday with all these new friends and nicer people.
“Can’t believe our little ’Lisey will be turning fifteen in just two days,” Mrs. Alice said as she continued with her meal preparations.  “I remember my fifteenth birthday—I grew up in a large family, there was ’bout six of us kids and, boy, were we a handful to our parents.  I was the oldest, so I was in charge of taking care of the chaos; managed chaos, if there is such a thing.  However, on my birthday it was more of a free-for-all—my mother baked for us about the biggest cake I had ever seen in my life and I would say only about one-third of that cake made it into our mouths and the rest covered our clothing.  Luckily, it was an outdoor party or I am sure that we would have all came upon the knee and cane that evening no matter if it were my birthday or not!”
“Was it nice growing up in a large family?” Elise asked, feeling saddened.
“It had its ups and downs,” Mrs. Alice said, noting the tone in Elise’s voice.  “Wasn’t an easy childhood by any means, not for people of our disposition, if you take my meaning.  But we made a good life for ourselves and we stuck together as a family.  Kind of like what we got going on now with you here.”
“It is strange to have so many people around,” Elise added as her mind lingered back to thoughts of her mother.  Growing up, it had always just been Elise and her mother—men would come and go briefly into and out of their lives.  Usually the relationships were so short that Elise took little note of them.  Elise never blamed her mother for her continued, yet mistake-riddled, search for happiness—in fact, to the opposite, she hoped that one day her mother would find happiness.  Looking back, she realized that her mother had a rather sad life in a way.  Despite the company of Elise, she had little in the form of reliability or a sense of something constant—concrete—in life.  They were frequently moving around the city. Like mice, they scampered home-to-home as her mother switched from job to job in her attempt to eke out a meager living for the both of them.  A growing concern came once more.  If life was so hard in the city, why had her mother never returned here?  “Did…did Grandmother not get along with my mother?”
“Their relationship was a complex one, child,” Mrs. Alice replied as her tone quieted, became wistful.  “Something that aught none of my business though…”
“Why are there no pictures of my mother?” Elise pressed.
“Your mother wanted little to do with this life here on Black Tern Island that her mother had set out for her,” Alice said with a heavy sigh.  She lowered her voice as though she knew the topic was one meant to be kept hidden away like an old secret locked in a dusty box.  “She took to the city as much as possible as a teen, even without permission.”
“Why did she dislike it here?” 
“Couldn’t say for sure, really,” Mrs. Alice said as she sat against a chair that creaked in quiet protest against her robust weight.  “I suppose to young folks around your age, who spent their entire lives growing up on this island, there wouldn’t be much to do or see here. There are a few other residents who live on the north side of the island but they are mainly fishermen. The island itself is approximately two miles wide at the most. I would imagine that you could see about all there is to see here in less than a day. So, for your mother, I believe it to be more of a freedom issue rather than anything else. However, she did return about a month before…well.”
“She died…,” Elise finished.  “We were very poor.”
“I know,” Mrs. Alice said as she averted her eyes from Elise and looked toward the boiling pot of peeled potatoes.
“Grandmother is very rich.”
“She can also be very unforgiving,” Mrs. Alice said sadly, looking as if on the verge of tears.  “And stubborn.  She is very set in her ways.  When your mother refused to take care of Red Manor with her, Grandmother cut your mother off under the belief that this would force her to return one day.
“She did return, though, just before?”
“Yes, she did,” Mrs. Alice said as she got up with some effort and went back to attending the meal preparation, “Came and left the very same day.”
“Does Grandmother hate me?”
“Of course not—I believe she is just regretful.  I think if anything she sees a chance in you to perhaps redeem some of the mistakes she made with her mother.”
“Am I to remain here in my mother’s place?” Elise asked.  She did not have much to go back to in the city.  After all, she was treated rather poorly and dreaded the thought of returning to school once the summer was over.
“That is up to you, I’d imagine,” Mrs. Alice replied as she drained the boiling hot water down the metal sink, causing steam to travel up to her face.  Little droplets of sweat formed on her brow.  Wiping the sweat away with her towel, she went to the icebox to retrieve some meat.  
“If I decided to stay, how would I continue with school?”
“I’d imagine Grandmother would hire you a tutor from the mainland.  As you said, she is very rich.”
“Would you stay as well?” Elise asked.  Besides her new friend in Ryan, Mrs. Alice was the person to which she was closest.
“Of course,” Mrs. Alice said as another wave of sadness washed over her and she stood by the icebox with a slab of lamb in hand, motionless, as though lost in a memory of her own.
“Wouldn’t you miss your family?” Elise asked.
“Don’t got one anymore,” Mrs. Alice whispered as she shook the memory from her mind and placed the raw meat upon a wooden cutting board.  “Not since the fire…I was the only one that escaped.”
“I am so sorry,” Elise said, feeling terrible for asking.  It seemed as though everyone here had some sort of traumatic history—including herself.
“Long time ago, not that it doesn’t cross my mind from time to time,” Mrs. Alice softly said as she began to work with a butcher knife.  Mrs. Alice suddenly dropped the knife, as tears came streaming down from her eyes.  She reached for her towel and attempted to keep the flood of sadness at bay.
Elise rushed over and gave Mrs. Alice a hug, squeezing the large woman.  She felt even worse now for bringing up the subject.  “I am so sorry—“
“Oh, ’Lisey,” Mrs. Alice said through cracking sobs.  “Ain’t your fault.”
“I should not have asked,” Elise said.
“You didn’t know no better,” Mrs. Alice said as she wiped away the remaining tears from her eyes.  “Like I said before, it was a long time ago.  So many years that you’d think I’d not get so worked up as I do…and you, so brave, no tears and your sadness so recent.”
“It is not bravery,” Elise quietly said as she released her embrace.  “I just learned at an early age that nothing in life is permanent.  We all just go somewhere else when we need to.  Hopefully, we all end up somewhere that makes us happy.  I envy you in a way, Mrs. Alice; I sometimes I think of my mother and her death and feel no sadness—absolutely nothing.  I did not even cry at her funeral.  Does that make me a bad person?”
“Of course not, ’Lisey,” Mrs. Alice said as she allowed a smile to grace her tear-streaked lips.  “I like your thinking much better.  I would like to think that I believe the same thing or something very similar to what you’ve got going on in your head.  You definitely ain’t bad.  You’ve brought life to this old house once more.  Before you came, right after your mother died, grayness set in and hung about.  You’ve lifted that.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Alice.”  Elise smiled.
“No, child,” Mrs. Alice said as she returned the smile, “thank you.”
After finishing her chores, Elise went outside for a walk in the cool evening air.  She raised her arms out like a bird and breathed in deeply—the air smelled of flowers and the breeze from the water carried a myriad of scents that she had grown rather fond of.  She walked along the path for a spell and diverged toward a patch of sand on the small stretch of beach.  She sat in the sand, her hands pressed into the grains that felt rough yet caressing against her skin.  A seagull flew overhead.  She watched it rise and fall in the air until it disappeared into the dim light of what remained of the day.  
“Would you mind some company?” Ryan asked behind her.
Elise whirled; she had been so lost in the moment that she had not heard him approach.  In a strange way she missed his company and was happy for his return.  “Of course, sit with me if you wish.”
“It is a wonderful night,” Ryan said as he sat down upon the small plot of sand and watched as waves gently rolled in a few feet ahead.
“How was the trip into the city?” Elise asked.  She was conflicted with the idea that she had not been invited.  She would have liked to have seen some familiar sights once more but remembered the cruelty that remained there as well.
“Uneventful,” Ryan answered as he looked into Elise’s eyes.
For a moment Elise saw a flash of gray in Ryan’s eyes.  She wondered why she had not noticed the unusual color before.  “Your eyes are gray….”
“They are,” Ryan said as he quickly looked away to the sand beneath his feet.  “Do you find that strange?  It is unusual, isn’t it?”
“I find it beautiful,” Elise said without really thinking.  She was usually reserved and spent more time structuring a reply but found that these words somehow slipped through without being filtered.
“Thank you, Elise,” Ryan said as he looked towards her once more.  “Your eyes are very beautiful as well.”
“Thank you,” Elise whispered feeling slightly sheepish at receiving a compliment.  It was something that she was rather unused to.  Being around Ryan was beginning to make her feel slightly uncomfortable.  It was not that she did not enjoy his company—instead she found herself feeling strange around him, awkward and lacking in her usual composure.  She wondered if she was developing feelings that were past friendship for Ryan.  Still, she had many reservations to the idea.  She had learned well from her mother that such feelings and experiences seldom lasted.  Just as each oncoming wave washed away grains of sand, so would time wash away both life and love.  However, given how his company did make her feel somehow happier and greater, she was beginning to understand why her mother spent so much time in the pursuit of it.
“How did things go back here while I was away?” Ryan asked attempting to continue on the conversation.
“I made Mrs. Alice sad,” Elise said plainly.  “I brought up family without realizing that she had lost all of hers.”
“Mrs. Alice is a strong woman,” Ryan said as he placed a hand to Elise’s shoulder and patted it in an awkward attempt to be comforting.  “She’ll be fine.  It is strange to me that you are so concerned with someone who has lost so long ago—when you have lost so recently.”
“I am a strange girl,” Elise said as she looked to darkened sky in the distance—stars were emerging from the azure veil, shimmering in the thin air.
“You are definitely unique,” Ryan said as he kept his gaze fixed upon Elise.
“Is that good or bad?” Elise asked, curious as to what Ryan thought about her or if he ever thought of her in any capacity other than an acquaintance “I would imagine good,” Ryan answered.  “I find you fascinating.”
“Thank you,” Elise replied, blushing.  “I find you fascinating as well.”
“Do you?” Ryan asked, “Most people find me strange or awkward—unusual.”
“I think most people are foolish and I do not believe that you should hold their opinions to any merit at all, for I find you none of those things.  I think you are a wonderful person,” Elise said as she looked to Ryan.  She did find him rather attractive.  He had a different, yet handsome look to his face.  His features were very defined and sleek.  Beyond that he talked to Elise in such a manner that no one else had before.  He treated her differently than any boy had in her life.  Perhaps it was because he was not from the city as she was.  Still, with her limited experience, she wondered if there might be something more.  Perhaps she had found in Ryan a kindred spirit, or that elusive soul mate of which her mother had often spoken.
“I think that you are far too kind,” Ryan said as he looked away, as though he was deeply embarrassed by the compliment.
“I am just being honest.”
“So, are you excited about your birthday coming up?” Ryan asked as he dug his shoes into the sand and dragged them back to his thighs, leaving behind a small trail for water to flow into.
“In a way, yes,” Elise answered as she looked to the short, oncoming waves.  “I do not like to be the center of attention and the thought of so many strangers there on my accord frightens me.  Those are two things I am dreading slightly—but you will be there, right?”
“Of course,” Ryan answered.
“Then that does give me some comfort.”
“I would not think to miss such an occasion.”
Elise lets out a loud series of choking coughs as she slowly regains her awareness.  She fumbles around in the dark for her lantern, but it is nowhere to be found.  Next to her, however, the red book lies waiting.  She gathers her single possession and begins to crawl; the wooden cracked floor hot and hard against her knees.  The entire downstairs is filled with thick black smoke, only this time it seems to have a definable source.  
Despite her exhaustion, she crawls beneath the thick cloud of swirling black above her, keeping low to the floor where it is still breathable.  She manages her way to the kitchen door and reaches for the handle.  The doorknob is hot to the touch.  Elise turns the handle and finally sees the raging fire that has engulfed the entire kitchen.  Red Manor is burning.  Her lantern is strewn in pieces about the wood floor, the flame from the lantern feeding the fierce fire.
“Mrs. Alice!” Elise shouts.  She waits a few moments and calls out once more.  There is no reply.
Content that Mrs. Alice is not in the kitchen, she crawls as quickly as she can, shuffling awkwardly on her knees and elbows, book in hand, to the big arched front door.  She reaches for the doorknob to find it locked tightly.  She attempts to find any kind of release, but in the blackness of the smoke above her she is unable to do so.  
“Ryan!” Elise shouts, hoping for some kind of help, any help.  She fumbles her way back toward the spiral stair and takes in a deep breath and begins to ascend the staircase.  She runs up two floors before the smoke finally clears and releases her breath—sucking in the frigid air above the raging fire below.  Somehow, she is trapped between two extremes.
  Elise makes her way further up the stairs, back up to the fourth floor.  She rushes to the guest room hoping to find Ryan waiting for her there, hoping to find more answers.  Instead she is greeted with the familiar luminance of the cold blinding light of memory.  
“So soon?” Elise whispers.
The light seems to lose some of its brilliance as the footsteps of the presence approach.  She catches a glimpse of a form, a human form.  She braces herself as everything fades to absolute white.
Evening approached as Elise dressed in her best summer dress.  It was a short, comfortable white dress with silky fabric and tiny golden leaves that adorned the bottom and neckline.  She slipped on a pair of black shoes with a gold fastener; they were much fancier than her usual work-boots and were a gift from Grandmother, along with the golden leaf dress.  She pulled her long dark hair back into a ponytail and rubbed a bit of rouge on her soft pink cheeks.  
“’Lisey,” Mrs. Alice said as she rapped upon the door.  
“I am almost ready, Mrs. Alice,” Elise said loudly as she rushed about and gave herself a once over before opening the door.  
“Happy birthday, ’Lisey.”  Mrs. Alice beamed as she held out a small blue bag with a gold ribbon tied around it.  
Elise opened up the small bag, quickly working her way through the golden knot.  She reached in to find a small golden ring with a smaller emerald gemstone set in its leaf design.  
“Thank you so much, Mrs. Alice.”
“I felt that it matched your eyes,” Mrs. Alice said as she embraced Elise.  
“I love it, I truly do,” Elise said as she placed the ring on her finger and admired it, allowing the light from the electric lamp to catch against the stone and reflect against its facets.  
“I am happy,” Mrs. Alice said as she rushed Elise onward.  “The guests are ready and there is cake and all manner of good things to eat and drink—of course, you are too young for some of the drinks but I will happily indulge myself tonight on your behalf.”
Elise laughed in reply as she allowed herself to be ushered down the spiral staircase by the unusually energetic Mrs. Alice.  
As they reached the large arched doorways to Red Manor, Grandmother stood at the door and strained a short smile at Elise as she approached.  
“Happy birthday, Elise,” Grandmother said rather oddly with an even odder expression.   She seemed deeply worried, as though she was afraid that something terrible was on the cusp of happening.  
“Thank you, Grandmother,” Elise replied, deeply uneasy at Grandmother’s demeanor.
Elise was led by Mrs. Alice to the head of a large table where fifty or so guests sat.  Elise had never before been the center of attention for so many people.  There were a few that she recognized: John Watts, the new handyman—Thomas Morton, the younger man who helps with the livestock; James Oliver, an old fisherman who lives on the island and occasionally sells his catch to Mrs. Alice.  However, to her disappointment, Ryan was nowhere in sight.  She looked about the table, an extremely nervous feeling coming over her.  There were all these smiling faces, all looking at her.  Faces she did not recognize—it was unsettling.  She was most upset that Ryan was not with her.  Over the past few days, they had grown even closer and though their daily encounters were brief, they were fulfilling to her and had given her all the more reason to look good for this occasion.  
“Something the matter ’Lisey?” Mrs. Alice whispered.
“Ryan?” Elise whispered back.  “He is not here.”
“I am sure he is around somewhere, or something must be keeping him,” Mrs. Alice reassured.  “He wouldn’t miss today.”
“I hope so….”
The evening went on and the company became loud and mostly drunken.  She had received kind gifts from strangers: items such as handmade dolls and a necklace made of collected sea shells.  She feasted upon roasted chicken and fresh vegetables, followed by red velvet cake topped with whipped chocolate frosting and fifteen lit candles, the flames of which she snuffed out with a single prolonged breath that elicited a large cheer from the audience.  The drunken mob sang an out of tune but very entertaining version of “Happy Birthday”, and when it came to the part where they sang her name, there was some muttering and murmured mistakes which prompted much laughter.  Elise got up from her seat and wandered about the tall oaks nearby, which were all adorned with tiny electric lights and lanterns that hung down from the lower branches, lighting up the walkway.  She passed a few drunken revelers who bowed to her and wished her happy birthday as she continued her search for Ryan.
Elise was deeply confused.  She was sure that he would be here.  After all, she was beginning to have genuine feelings for him and he gave the appearance of feeling the same way—at least she hoped that what she assumed was true.  He was very guarded when it came to his feelings and she hoped that this was not a one-sided infatuation where he did not feel and she felt so much.  Could he really care so little that he could not even be bothered to celebrate her birthday?  Elise was not one to cry, but she felt on the verge of tears as she continued along the path, her walk turning into a run.
“Elise!” an old, strained voice shouted from behind an oak.  
Elise turned to find her Grandmother seated behind a tree.  She had not noticed that she was absent from most of the party.
“Grandmother…,” Elise whispered as she slowly approached the old, tired-looking woman who seemed as if she had been crying.
“Elise…,” Grandmother repeated, as she turned to face her granddaughter.  “You’re looking for him aren’t you?”
“Yes,” Elise said as she knelt down beside Grandmother and looked at her with deep concern.  “Are you all right?  Do you need help getting back to the house?”
“You should not be concerned for me,” Grandmother said as she looked down to her old wrinkled, trembling hands.  “It is I that am concerned for you.”
“Concerned for me?”
“Were you telling the truth about Mr. Henry?” Grandmother asked.
“Why?”
“There is no shame in answering truthfully,” Grandmother said as she placed her arm around Elise, her hands still trembling terribly.  “It is of the upmost importance that you tell me—did Mr. Henry come to cause you any harm at all?”
Elise paused for many moments.  She had tried her best to push that memory away, hoping to hide it away from herself so long that, just like her father’s face, she would forget it entirely.  Finally, she succumbed to Grandmother’s request.
“He did…not physically.  However, he made me undress,” Elise whispered as she pushed away Grandmother’s arm and got back to her feet.  “He did cause me harm when you sent me to him.”
“I did not know,” Grandmother said as she began to cry.  “I am deeply sorry.  Had I known or had any idea that he was a man of such character, I would have never sent you to him—I would have never…”
“It is all right,” Elise said as she looked off to the party in the distance.  
“It is not,” Grandmother said, “You are indebted to him.  You must do what he asks of you tonight and then you will be bound to Red Manor as I am….”
“What do you mean?  To whom am I indebted?” Elise asked, even more confused.  “I am happy at Red Manor.  You are not making sense, are you sure you do not need to rest?”
“I am very sick,” Grandmother replied, her voice tired and scratchy.  “But it will never be the death of me.”
“Elise…,” Ryan announced as he appeared from the lighted pathway.
“Ryan,” Elise said angrily, “where have you been?”  
“I am sorry, I had to make preparations.”
“What such preparations were so important that you could not be bothered to attend my birthday?” Elise asked.  No tears came but she fought a strong battle to keep them at bay along with the tide of her rising anger.  
“Preparations for your birthday,” Ryan Madison said as he placed a firm hand upon Elise’s shoulder.  “We have something important to discuss—and I have a gift for you.”
“Grandmother?” Elise asked.
“She will be fine,” Ryan assured Elise as he headed off back toward Red Manor.
“Go, child,” Grandmother said as she looked away, deeply ashamed.
Elise followed behind as the pair made their way through the tall oaks and back to the arched white doorways of Red Manor.  They rounded the large party table, avoiding any well-wishers or drunkards.  Ryan opened up the door for Elise and she walked in.  
“Where are we going?”
“To my room,” Ryan answered as he gestured toward the spiral staircase.
“Why is Grandmother so upset?” Elise asked as she ascended the staircase.  “Why are you acting so uncaring?”
“Please do not mistake my demeanor for anything other than care,” Ryan said as he followed behind her.
Once they reached the guest room, Ryan opened the door for Elise and followed her in, shutting and locking the door behind them.
Ryan opened a drawer in the large wooden dresser next to the door and rummaged through its contents, producing a metal key.  He held it up for Elise to see and then went to his dark green suitcase with its golden lock.  He placed the suitcase on his cot and opened up the lock in one quick motion.  The suitcase contained only a red book, which he handed Elise.
“Happy birthday, ’Lisey,” Ryan said as he backed away and sat down on a leather chair next to the writing desk.  He reached over and clicked on the switch to the electric desk lamp.
Elise stared at the old red book, the title The White Stag written on the cover in raised white lettering.  She opened up the book only to find that all of the pages were completely blank.
“What is this?”
“A gift—one that was given to your great grandfather, then passed down to your Grandmother, your mother, and now to you,” Ryan said as he produced a silver pen from his pocket and handed it to Elise.
“What am I to do with this?”Elise asked.  “I don’t understand.”
“This is a condition of our situation at the moment,” Ryan said as he cleared a space on the writing desk.  “You see, I am not just Ryan Madison—I am in essence Red Manor, and also in the same way…I am that book.”
“That does not make any sense.”
“You see, I am a white stag,” Ryan said as the glimmer of gray in his eyes flashed white in the light of the desk lamp.  “I am a creature known by many different names by many cultures—I am a wish granter, I am a jinni, and to my enemies I am an ifrit.”
“Mr. Henry…,” Elise said as she backed away.
“Yes,” Ryan said, nodding solemnly.  “I took no pleasure in the deed, although it was deserved.”
“You know what happened to me then…,” Elise said, her knees suddenly feeling weak, as though she might collapse to the floor.  
“Let me tell you how this agreement came into being.  Your great grandfather was a very poor man, an outcast from the city.  He had one daughter for which he cared deeply—your Grandmother, Vanessa Morgan.  He hunted the woods for animals and they lived in a makeshift shelter made of sticks. Their lives were filled with sickness. When winter came, with its constant coldness, they were ever on the verge of death, until, by chance, he stumbled upon me.  I was ensnared in one of his traps, and a fine catch indeed, a mythical white stag.  A wish-granter….  In exchange for my life I granted him his wish for riches and land, and then love.  In exchange for these wishes, he and his progeny were bound to me in the form of Red Manor.  I cared for and gave them shelter, wealth, and on your Grandmother’s fifteenth birthday I came in this form and offered her the chance to make her own wishes.
“What did she wish for?” Elise asked, still in disbelief.
“That very first wish is a personal matter for she still lives,” Ryan answered.  “I can, however, tell you the wish she made that bound you to Red Manor, or even tell you what your mother wished—for she is no longer among the living.”
“Please tell me of my mother’s wish.”
“I would rather not if I were given a choice,” Ryan added.
“You have brought it up,” Elise said as she sat against the edge of the cot and took in a deep breath to steel herself for Ryan’s words.  This was all too much information for her racing mind to process.
“I approached her on her fifteenth birthday and she wished for nothing,” Ryan said.  His voice trembling as though he honestly did regret the information he was asked to reveal.  
“You can do that and be free of Red Manor?” Elise asked.
“She could because she was spared a wish by her mother,” Ryan answered.
“I was not spared…,” Elise whispered.
“Your Grandmother’s second wish was that if any harm shall befall you, it should be repaid ten-fold.  She was deep with grief at the loss of your mother and made that wish despite knowing that it would bind you to Red Manor.”
“Then why did my mother return to make a wish if she was free?” Elise asked, dreading the thought.
“She came back to wish that you were not in her life,” Ryan said.
“Did she?” Elise whispered as she began to cry.  She could no longer hold back the tears that had been absent for so many hard years.  Hearing such a thing stung like a knife piercing the heart.
“She had fallen in love with a man who did not want the burden of a child, a wealthy man who could give her a life that she could never have otherwise—she wished that she be free of you and that you would remain in your Grandmother’s care.”  
“What happened to her?”
“On the ferry ride back she slipped off of the boat just off of the island and drowned,” Ryan said as he stood up from his chair and made his way to Elise and placed an arm around her.  
“Did you…,” Elise asked as she shivered in slight fear at Ryan’s touch.
“Of course not,” Ryan said as he took the book in hand and opened it up.  He tore a page from the book and placed it upon the writing desk.  “In a fit of selfishness she wished only to be rid of you.  She should have added for her own safety as well.  Or her mother should have bound her under the protection of Red Manor.  Her death was unnecessary.”
“She would have been free of Red Manor with that wish, despite making a wish?” Elise asked, wiping away the tears with the edge of her gold-leaf summer dress.
“Both she and your Grandmother gave me a substitute,” Ryan said as he helped Elise to her feet.
“Me…,” Elise whispered.
“Now you must make a wish; you are bound to do so.  Just like those before you, simply write it down on this paper upon this writing desk and you shall see me in this form no more,” Ryan said as he steadied the pen in Elise’s trembling hand.
“I can wish for anything?” Elise asked as she allowed Ryan to help her into the seat.
“That is your right,” Ryan whispered as he placed Elise’s hand to the blank page.  “Even after I am gone, you can continue to do so.  Just remember to write them correctly.  Remember that everything said can be taken in more ways than one.  So when you wish, wish for it absolutely, carefully, never in haste.  Never in anger—think about what you want and make sure you are clear.”
“Do not watch,” Elise said as she grasped the pen firmly in her hand.
“As you wish,” Ryan conceded as he turned away but kept a hand on Elise’s back.
Elise gave no pause, heeded no caution, and wrote down exactly what she felt.  She scrawled simply, quickly, and when she was done she placed the pen down upon the writing desk, where it rolled softly against the wood before catching upon the holder at the bottom.  She slowly got up from the leather chair and looked to Ryan Madison for what might possibly be the very last time.
“You’ve finished?” Ryan asked.
“I have,” Elise nodded.
“You are different than the others, and you have exceeded any expectations I had of you,” Ryan said as he smiled to Elise.  “I will miss you in a way.  You are unique in a beautiful way that I have not yet encountered.”
“Thank you for protecting me,” Elise said as she turned away and sat back down at the edge of the cot, facing the doorway blankly and awaiting her first wish.
“What is this?” Ryan said as he picked up the paper off of the desk.  “I cannot grant this wish.”
“You said I could wish for anything,” Elise whispered as she turned back to see Ryan’s shocked expression.  “That is my wish.”
Ryan stared in disbelief at the paper which simply read I wish that Ryan Madison loved me as I him.  It was a simple enough request, although one he did not see coming.  Especially after revealing to Elise his true nature he thought that she would think of him as nothing more than a monster.  “I am unable to grant this wish.”
“You never stated that it was a rule,” Elise said as she began to weep again.  She buried her head into the palms of her hands and let the tears stream down and stain her white dress.  “If you do not feel the same way then I take it back, but it was my wish to make.”
“I cannot love!” Ryan screamed at the deeply upset Elise.  
“Then why…why did you come a week early?”  Elise sobbed.
“I came to see what kind of person would be in my care and care for me in return, I came to judge your character—not to become an object of your foolish fleeting affections,” Ryan said angrily as he slammed his fist against the writing desk.  “This is not a proper wish!”
“That is my wish.”
“I am incapable of feeling any such way toward you.  This is not an agreement based upon your foolish notion of love, this is a bound agreement based upon mutual—“
“Then what is love if not an agreement?  What is love if not to care for each other?” Elise screamed back, no longer hiding her tear-stained face.
“What do you know of love at fifteen?” 
“What do you now know of love at all?” Elise retorted.
“All I know is what people have shown me:  greed.  Selfishness—self servance. I know what your mother showed me of love: she gave you up.  She left you in her place with your Grandmother, who out of the selfish fear of losing you would bind you to Red Manor because your mother did not want the responsibility. Had she stayed away, you would never have ended up in this situation. There is no such thing as love beyond what you foolish humans dream of, and even at its best it is still a selfish act.”
“There is good in people,” Elise whispered.
“Good intentions, yes, but at the root of it all is selfishness.  People only do good things because they expect something good to come to them from it,” Ryan said as he crumpled up Elise’s wish.  “Return to the desk and make a proper wish.”
“I will not take it back,” Elise said as she turned away and got to her feet.
“Make a proper wish or I will show you my form,” Ryan threatened.  
“Do as you will,” Elise said as she reached for the door.  “If you can do anything at all—are we not bound to protect each other now?”
“There will come a time when you will make your wish,” Ryan said calmly as sank in the leather chair by the writing desk.  “Greed is the nature of all humans.”
“Perhaps,” Elise said as she opened the door.  She looked back once and just as she suspected, Ryan was no longer there.  He had kept his word that he would not be seen again, not in that form.
“I meant it,” Elise whispered to the now empty room.  “Even if you cannot believe it, I do love you, Ryan Madison….”
Elise shut the door to the guest room and allowed one last tear to escape from her saddened eyes.  She wiped it away with the short sleeve of her summer dress that had already bore the weight of many tears.  She was more upset with being rejected by Ryan than any of the unusual circumstances to which she was now bound.  She began to walk toward the spiral stair as she came upon Grandmother, who stood on the second spiral stair, hiding around the corner like a wraith.  
“Has he left, then?” Grandmother asked, her face pale and dark circles besieging her worried eyes.
“He has,” Elise answered sharply.  “What did you wish for?”
“You must understand…,” Grandmother began.
“I understand everything I need to,” Elise interjected.  “He would not tell me but that does not mean that you cannot—am I right in presuming this?”
“My father wished for a lot of things, yet it was what he did not wish for that killed him,” Grandmother said as she attempted to embrace Elise.
Elise backed away; she did not want anyone’s comfort.  Not now.  
“When I was but thirteen he died in an accident while hunting, which he continued to do so despite there being no need for it.  He wished for wealth, and the manor, and a beautiful woman to love him, but he forgot to wish for protection.  I was left alone in a house full of servants that he had hired.  For two years I lived in loneliness at the loss of my father.  When Ryan Madison came to visit me on my fifteenth birthday and offered me my first wish I wished for what my father had not: eternal life.”
“Why would you wish for such a thing?” Elise asked as she shook her head.
“Because I was young and feared death,” Grandmother said as she began to weep.  “I made a mistake for this body was not meant to last forever.  I am sick, old, tired, I cannot sleep, and I cannot die.  I never made a wish again—that is, until you arrived, for fear that I would make a mistake again and wish for something that I did not intend.”
“Why do you not wish for your own death then?” Elise asked angered at her Grandmother’s selfishness. 
“The power is no longer in my hands.”
“Then perhaps I should wish you dead?” Elise asked as she held the book out before her.
“I still fear death…,” Grandmother whispered.  “My first wish was absolute.  I doubt it would even work if you wish it to be so.  It was a wish granted; but also a curse.”
“Why did you not wish for your father back?”  
“He said it was not possible, not without great sacrifice.  It was not possible for me in any way.  My father had sealed his fate, just as I have sealed mine—now, that the book is yours,” Grandmother said as she eyed the red book in both disgust and fear.
“That is the problem with this family.  You all proved him right…every one of you.  He offered help and your father took and took, and then you asked for what you should not, and my mother,” Elise growled as she backed away, looking upon Grandmother with eyes slit in repulsion.  “She asked out of selfishness as well.”
“I am so sorry,” Grandmother said between heavy tears that streaked down her wrinkled face like a confluence through a dry canyon, “I wish I could take it back.  I did not want you to become involved.  I only cared for your safety and did not want to lose you as well.  I lost so many.”
“Loss is part of life, Grandmother,” Elise snapped back.  “What makes us so special that we should not be unhappy, or that grief should not be so familiar to us that it pains us on a daily basis?  There are those who go through life without any given chance.  We were given something and we’ve spoiled it; we deserve whatever curse comes along with it.  There should be no perfect life.”
“And what of your wish?” Grandmother shouted, flecks of spit flying from her mouth.  “Was it not a selfish one? “
“It might have been,” Elise said as she began to walk away, “But who forced me into a position to make one?”
“Be angry as long as you wish,” Grandmother added in a calmer, more relaxed tone as though she was attempting to plead her way back into Elise’s favor.  “But do not hate me for what I have done.  I only wanted the best for you.”
Elise paused at the door to her bedroom.  She looked to Grandmother, who was on her knees and resting against the wall.  She looked pitiful, defeated.  Elise knew in her heart that Grandmother had done only what she thought best, and it was just the wish of a woman bereaved of all hope.  
“I do have anger, but I have no room in my life for hate,” Elise said softly as she entered the bedroom.  She shut the door behind her and began to pace about the room nervously.  Outside the window the party could still be heard in full swing, the joyous crowd, completely oblivious to what had transpired, murmuring distantly.  Elise went to the record player and pulled out her mother’s favorite recording of “Für Elise”.  She allowed the notes to play—normally they calmed her.  This time it only left her with bitter sadness.  How could her mother be so blind?  How had love made her so careless that she made such a rash and cruel decision?  Elise began to believe that perhaps she did not understand love after all.  Perhaps Ryan was right about that part, although the thought made her even more depressed.  There had to be love, and hope— there had to be something more to life than just selfishness.
Elise finds herself on the wooden floor.  She is exhausted.  As her eyes adjust to the dim light of the guest room she sees the old, tattered red book just out of reach.  The air is heavy with the smell of smoke.  Elise struggles to get to her feet but it is such an ordeal that she collapses.  A hand comes from above and helps her up. 
“Ryan…,” Elise whispers.
“Elise,” he replies as he helps her onto the edge of the cot.
“Have I returned here because,” Elise begins, attempting to piece her memories together, “Because I never made a proper wish?”
“It will all be explained soon, very soon,” Ryan says as he reaches down to the floor and retrieves The White Stag.  He hands it to Elise.  
“Am I being punished?” Elise asks sleepily, exhaustion having overcome her.
“One last memory is coming,” Ryan says as he squeezes Elise’s hand.  He places an arm around her as he sits beside her, holding her hand tenderly.  “You are a very strong, brave girl.  You have the energy to make it through this last memory.  Then we will talk about wishes.”
“I cannot,” Elise objects as she shakes her head and the tears come.
“Do not cry, Elise,” Ryan says as he wipes away the tears with the edge of his black suit jacket.  “No more tears on my account.  It is almost over.”
Footsteps are just outside the open door.  The presence that has visited her so many times is approaching one last time.  As it rounds the corner, Elise sees it for the first time.  It is a reflection of herself, her younger self.  Not the older self that she now perceives herself as, or feels as—yet her true self.  
The light is dim and Elise reaches out.  As her fingertips touch the apparition, the sensation overtaking her is no longer unpleasantly cold, yet more comforting like a cool wash cloth on a feverish head.  She inhales sharply as she is taken away from this reality in a brief flash of white.
A week had passed since Ryan Madison disappeared from Elise’s life in his human form.  The following Monday, Grandmother fell from the spiral stair and severely injured her back, forcing her to be bedridden most days after.  Doing any kind of activity caused her great pain and still she held on to her will to live.  She would just sit in a chair and stare out the window each and every day and Elise worried that she might be going mad.  On that Friday of the same week, Mrs. Alice passed away in her sleep.  Elise saw Mrs. Alice in her bed.  She looked calm, simply asleep—only there was no life left within her.  She, too, like Elise’s mother was free from this world.  Mrs. Alice was the closest thing to family that Elise had left and, although it was very unlike her to do so, she wept as she had been wont to do lately.  
It was during a hot summer day that John Watts and a group of men helped dig Mrs. Alice’s grave.  Elise watched each spade jab into the earth, carving out Mrs. Alice’s resting place.  She wondered if Red Manor was punishing her for not making a proper wish, yet she did not believe this to be true, for she knew that it was simply waiting for her to do so.  After all, now that she was bound she had nowhere to else to go.  
As the men finished up and left, Elise approached the freshly turned earth.  “Goodbye, Mrs. Alice.  I thank you for the times that you made me happy.  If there was anyone here that was not selfish, or had an ulterior motive to their actions, it was you.  You said that I brought life to Red Manor—but you were wrong.  It was you.  It was always you.  I hope that you are in a happy place with your family.  You deserve that.”
Elise looked to the sky as a seagull flew overhead.  The sun was bright and full and the sky a perfect cerulean.  She began to walk away from the grave, looking back once as she wiped away a stray tear from her deep green eyes.  She then remembered the golden ring with the emerald upon it.  She slid it off of her finger and returned to the grave.  She dug a small hole into the earth and buried it into the soil.
“Goodbye, Mrs. Alice,” Elise repeated as she wiped the dirt from her hands and returned to Red Manor.  The house felt empty, silent.  She ascended the spiral staircase, she kept her boots on and tracked dirt in, leaving specks on the wooden floorboards.  She reached the fourth floor.  She was just about to pass the guest room as she paused for a moment at the door.  She placed a hand upon the doorknob and flung the door open, halfway expecting to see Ryan seated at the leather chair next to the writing desk.  However, he was not there.  
Elise entered the room.  She pulled open the drawer that contained the red book and pulled out a single page.  She paced over to the writing desk her mind numb and without care.  She sat upon the leather chair and pulled on the switch for the desk lamp to turn on.  With a flicker of white it flashed on, revealing the rough, grooved surface of the old desk.  The silver pen was still in the holder at the bottom of the tilted desk.  She took the pen in hand and began to write.
Elise gasps desperately for air as though she is drowning.  Ryan rubs a hand against her back and attempts to keep her from falling over from exhaustion.
“See, that was quick,” Ryan says as he squeezes Elise’s arm, attempting to keep her awake.
“I already wished,” Elise whispers.  
“You did, that day—three times at once to be exact,” Ryan adds as he pulls Elise up to her feet and drags her over to the writing desk.  He allows her to collapse into the leather chair and places the old silver pen back into Elise’s weak hand.  He wraps her fingers around it.  
“What am I doing now, then?” Elise asks as her head bobs and nods as she attempts to remain lucid.
“I am giving you the chance to take it all back,” Ryan whispers as he tears a page from the old book and places it in front of her.  “I have never done such, but we have little time.”
“I already wished…,” Elise says as she shakes her head and rubs at her eyes with the cold palms of her hands.  “What did I wish for?”
Ryan let out a heavy sigh as he produces a folded piece of paper from his suit jacket pocket.  He unfolds the paper and places it upon the writing desk beneath the lamp so that Elise may read it.
Elise strains to focus on her own writing she places a hand upon the desk to steady herself.  In quickly scrawled writing it says three things in order from one to three.
1: I wish to take my mother’s place that night she drowned.
2: I wish that Red Manor was burned to the ground instead of Mrs. Alice’s family home.
3: I wish that Grandmother’s suffering was put to an end and that she may pass on when she is finally ready to do so.
“I did write this,” Elise says as the memory flashes painfully in her mind’s eye.
“You did,” Ryan says as he takes away the paper.  “Of course, you did not do it correctly, or heed any of my warnings.  Thus, you drowned, and your body remained in that gray mud for centuries, until I summoned you back to fulfill the last two wishes.  
“Centuries?” Elise asks, deeply confused.
“Your Grandmother has clung to madness for so long that we have reached an ending of sorts.  We now sit at the end of human existence—it is not simply a storm that has made the sky black and the earth cold.  It is always dark and cold at the end of things.  However, time to us is irrelevant.  We can still return back to our time—you have proved your point.”
“Proved my point?” Elise says, still struggling to make sense of any of it.  The last thing she remembers is coming into consciousness near the window.  Mud on her boots, and the song, the first memory.  The coldness of the window—but what came before that?  Were there memories before the one in the bedroom?  She can almost recall one, and then it hits her.   
Elise takes a heavy gasp for air as the memory of drowning flashes to mind.  The feeling of helplessness as she sank to the bottom, her body kicking and twitching about as life left her body and water filled it.  
“You’re not there anymore; you are here now—be in this moment,” Ryan replies as he rubs Elise’s back.  “You made a series of unselfish wishes; you sacrificed your own life for the sake of others and their happiness.”
“I remember now,” Elise says softly as she rubs her head painfully.  She has a memory of tossing the lantern into the kitchen, smashing it against the wooden floor and watching the fire dance to life in its destructive blaze.  
“I am offering you a chance to return to our time, to take this wish back and return to a life that you never got to live,” Ryan says as he firmly shakes the pen in Elise’s hand.  He places the blank sheet of paper before her once more.  “I will release you from Red Manor.  We do not have much time—soon the fire will be upon us and nothing can be changed.”
“I am content with the decisions that I have made,” Elise says as she drops the pen.  
Ryan snatches up the pen and pushes it back into Elise’s hand, pressing it against her skin.  “How can you be?  Your mother abandoned you, and your Grandmother trapped you.  Mrs. Alice was someone you knew for less than a month.  Why do they deserve happiness when you do not?”
“When the fire comes, will my Grandmother pass away?” Elise asks, ignoring Ryan’s question.
“She will, and once Red Manor is gone so will you—you are already nothing more than a ghost in this time,” Ryan says as he gently places a hand to Elise’s shoulder.  “Take back your wish—you deserve life.  The others have already had life and have made their choices.  You made a decision out of grief over Mrs. Alice.  You made a wish because you felt you had to, and that I pressured you into it.  You deserve to be happy.  ’Lisey, take us home.  You have shown me that there is so much possibility.  You have succeeded.”
“I did not do it for you,” Elise says as she musters up the sparse remains of her strength and drops the pen again.  She takes the red book and hands it back to Ryan.  “People make mistakes in life.  Some of them get second chances, most do not.  Thank you for giving me one but I shall pass.  I would wish my mother to be happy, even though she is not perfect.  I would still wish for Mrs. Alice to be with her family, even if it is for only a brief time.  I can imagine her face, surrounded by her brothers and sisters, and that is enough to sustain me.  Although my Grandmother also made mistakes, she made them out of fear and love.  I will not fault her for that.  If I take it all back then I am being selfish.  If I can give my mother a chance at being happy for even a few years then I am glad that I could have taken her place.  The same goes for Mrs. Alice—if I can imagine her being happy with her family that she missed so dearly then I stand by my second wish as well.”
“I should have granted your first wish,” Ryan says as he closes his eyes.  His lip begins to quiver as though he is on the verge of breaking down.  “I will ask you one last time, Elise—please?”
Elise embraces Ryan, whose eyes are still firmly shut as though he is desperately praying for her to follow his advice.  
She presses her lips against his cheek and whispers into his ear, “I thank you for everything you’ve done for my family, but I release you now.  I now go to comfort my Grandmother….  Thank you, Ryan.”
Elise releases her embrace upon Ryan Madison as she glimpses the gleam of a tear streaming from his eye.  She nods in silence as he watches her leave. 
“Funny how I always hated the sound of my own heartbeat,” Elise says as she reaches for the door.  “Now that it is gone I kind of miss it—goodbye, Ryan.”
Elise closes the door behind her as she makes out the faint whisper of “Goodbye” from beyond.  The hall is filled with thick black smoke and flames are arcing and lashing at the spiral stair.  Elise uses her hands to navigate to Grandmother’s bedroom.  She opens the door, finding the black twisted form of her Grandmother lying in bed.
She reaches over for the electric lamp and turns on the light.  
“Elise?” Grandmother moans as she gropes with a blackened hand, blindly grasping empty air.
“I am here, Grandmother,” Elise says as she brings Grandmother’s hand into hers.  
Elise crawls into bed next to the old shadowy form of Grandmother and begins to stroke her head comfortingly.  
“Why are you here?” Grandmother’s says, her voice creaking.  
“I am here because our time is over,” Elise says as she eyes the flames overtaking the hallway.  “I do not wish for you to die alone.  That is what you were afraid of, wasn’t it?”
“Live,” Grandmother says as she attempts to push Elise away.  “You should have nothing but hatred for me.”
Elise holds on to Grandmother in a tight embrace.  “There is no place for hatred within me.  I understand why you did what you did.”
Elise closes her eyes as the flames explode into the room.  There is pain, but it is so swift and fleeting that it is over in an instant.  Everything disappears in the same light as before.  Only this time there is warmth, a transitory heat that fills Elise before finally releasing her.  She is exhausted, elated to be free.  Her last moments are spent embracing the woman that cared for her, and in turn she would care for in those last microseconds of what semblance of life they had left.  Then that, too, passed.
Back at the city, Elise’s mother watched a small fire across the bay.  For a moment she felt an overwhelming sense of sadness.  
“Looks like that old spook house has finally met its end,” the man at her side said as they continued on.  “Are you all right?’
“Yeah,” Elise’s mother replied as she hugged on to the man tightly.  “I just felt something strange all of a sudden. It was like I had been there before…in another life or something.”
“I’m sure it’s nothing,” the man adds as they continue their night walk alongside the bay.  
Elise’s mother was happy, although it was brief as happiness often is in life.  Her relationship with the man she gave up her daughter for lasted about two years and a few weeks—a personal best in terms of length and happiness.  However, once that relationship was over she did the only logical thing she could think to do—she drowned herself in the bay shortly after midnight.  Her body was found three days later by a fisherman on Black Tern Island who buried her in an unmarked grave.  He said a few kind words for the mysterious woman and pondered her situation for about a month before he forgot about her completely.  There were just more important things going on.  Another aspect of life, I suppose.  We dwell on things until they are replaced by more important matters, and the loop continues.
Mrs. Alice’s life was drastically different with the support of her family.  After her parents were murdered by white supremacists and burnt upon a cross that bore a likeness to the one she would pray to, Mrs. Alice moved away with her brothers and sisters. She and what remained of her family started up a restaurant in Maine that had its fair share of success.  She was the head cook, of course.  She never lost her laugh, and despite finding love and marriage, she never lost any of her weight.  She wore it proudly, as she should.  She lived a long life and died at eighty-three, leaving behind three daughters—one of which she named Elise for reasons she could not fathom.  It just sounded right at the time, so she went with it.  
In late September of 2011, an amateur photographer named Daniel Wolf is on vacation exploring the woods near Door County in Wisconsin with his wife Lavender.  In a grove of bur oak trees Daniel spots a rare white stag wandering through the rough overgrowth and following a few steps behind is a beautiful white doe.  Daniel raises his camera, but the creatures disappear into the thick woods before he is able to snap off a single picture.  Although they have no physical proof of the sighting, they will never forget the memory.
Never shall I find a reason, to not mourn the passing of a season- though they return each year, lined up in fours.  There is elegance in the passage of time, the slow melt of winter into the green spring.  There is longing, yearning, in the way that the hot summer days drifts away, disrobed like a lover, into fall- like the way we drift away into a kind and gentle dream.   The cold breezes blow in and rob the trees of their leaves, eventually covering their outreaching branches in frost white, adorned in the glimmer of moonlight and sun.  The passage of time is neither kind nor cruel.  Eventually people are forgotten.  Few remain that many remember.   Places fall into disrepair, kept out of memory and lost to time.  That is, perhaps until they are needed again.  I would like to believe that life and seasons are very similar.  That life is cyclic.  I suppose that is the nature of living and attempting to understand one’s place in this world.  I would say it is a fair assumption that we all seek to find a reason as to why we are here— no matter how long or short— and that, in essence, is why I will always mourn the passing of a season —you never know if it might be your last.  

He sits at the edge of his bed.  The morning light barely peeks past the dark curtains meant to keep it at bay.  The old clock, an antique given to him by his grandmother, audibly clicks away the seconds like an echoing metronome, breaking the otherwise unsettling and constant silence.  He has not slept all night.  His thoughts are indistinct, hazy like a blurred photograph.  He cannot remember if this is due to lack of sleep or depression.  The depression has come at the realization that he has been waiting years for a moment that he now fears will never come.  In a way we are all waiting for something: love, happiness, a chance to feel like a normal person once more, some abstract opportunity that will give us comfort and security, moments of clarity and—finally and absolutely—Hope.  
He waits for an ending, whether it be cruel or fair;   however, in his twenty-six years of life, he has experienced the former much more than the latter.  He had convinced himself that this would pass, like night to day.  The unjust and insurmountable pain, he felt, would simply sweeten the reward of a gentle, beautiful life.  As he sat against the bed and his tired light-brown eyes showing the weight of the absence of sleep, he began to think once more of a girl.  It is this thought, this being, which brings him such pain—a beautiful girl of the age of twenty-two named Anna Meyon  with a kind face and an air of one who is untroubled, although this face is false, a mask, for she also suffers the cold grip of the cruel hand of depression.
He reaches down to the pocket of his jeans and pulls out a blue flip cell phone.  He checks the tiny screen for a message but finds his inbox devoid of anything other than a few saved messages from the day before.  He tosses the phone to the floor indifferently.  He runs his hands through his short black hair and allows himself to fall back onto the bed.  Although he is extremely exhausted, he forces himself to stay awake waiting, needing, for something to happen.  
“Some good will come today,” he whispers as he attempts to cheer himself from his desperately forlorn mood.  He fixates upon the deep-red wall by his bedside table where there a picture once hung, the wall’s paint beneath it has worn away revealing a patch of gray.  In a fit of frustration he rolls over and pulls open the drawer to the bedside table and retrieves the silver-framed photo of the girl—her brown hair curled around her neck, her green eyes staring back at him.  He remembers the familiar smile, the one that seems to exude such warmth that he could easily forget his own problems.  However, the sight of her once more brings him back to an even deeper depression.  
“How did things get to this point?” he asks the photo.
He looks to the nail-head in the wall and thinks of placing the photo back to its proper place, hiding away the rubbed-away red paint and the gray beneath.  He thinks differently as the sight only seems to be dragging him further down into the abyss.  He looks away as he lays it back into the wooden drawer, sliding it shut. He places both hands on the table to steady himself against the void of negative thoughts.
As he opens the curtains to his apartment, a huge fall-leaf covered oak stands just outside of his third story window, obstructing his view to the world outside. Through the tiny spaces among the branches, he can barely see the surrounding buildings and the street below. Briefly, he catches a glimpse of a girl with brown curly hair and green eyes, wearing a red dress, and thinks it might be her. He watches and waits for some kind of confirmation—but it never comes.
Back in bed, the only logical place he can find himself at this point, he begins to think about to the past which seems to be the major preoccupation of his time these days.  He allows himself to drift away into that hazy realm of memory; wherein, he replays a memory of a first real love.
“Yes, I will need about forty frogs,” Mrs. Deluca said over the phone as she placed her unusual order.   
“I hope that’s for science class,” a girl seated upon the school office bench said, overhearing the frog request.
“It’s for tomorrow’s lunch,” he said jokingly, although he did not find it particularly amusing.  It just popped into his mind and felt it needed to be released.
He was seated against the same bench merely inches away from a very beautiful girl, who much to his surprise, laughed.  Authentically laughed....  The situation made him feel very awkward and he was surprised that he was so easily able to joke with her.  She had green eyes and long, although slightly messy, blond hair.  She wore a tan, hooded jacket that covered a low-cut blue shirt underneath, and a tight-fitting pair of blue jeans.  She had a face that was remarkably cute.  
“Emily,” the girl said as she extended a hand, “Emily Jones.”
“Andrew,” he replied as he took her hand.  The warmth of her skin against his gave him a pins and needles feeling throughout his body.  “So what are you in for?”
“Oh,” Emily replied with a laugh, “I didn’t do anything.  I’m just here to try and get a class changed on my schedule.  I’m supposed to be in AP English, but they stuck me in regular….  How about you?”
“I duct-taped a classroom door shut,” Andrew said as he bit his lip as though to stifle his own laughter.
Emily began to laugh loudly, covering her mouth as she shook her head.  
“Why did you do that?”
“I skipped my math class and I thought it would be funny,” Andrew added.
“So it was your own class, the one you had skipped.”
“Yeah, that’s how they had such an easy time figuring it was me—that and someone saw me do it.”
“Emily,” Vice Principal Thompson said as he called her into his office.
“Don’t get into too much trouble,” Emily whispered as she smiled, attempting to hid her continued laughter. “I’ll see you later.”
“Thanks,” Andrew simply replied.  
The bond that transpired between him and Emily was so amazing; he scarcely cared that he had gotten a detention for Saturday. In fact, it was worth it. He had dated once before, last year, when he was fifteen with a fourteen year old girl during the summer vacation. The relationship was short lived and of little consequence. The eventual split left his self-esteem quite low as she left him for someone he disliked. Well, not completely disliked—it was more of an overall indifference. The complete disliking came afterwards along with the injured ego. This new encounter with someone so remarkably beautiful was in a completely different league to Andrew. He found an instant connection and had no difficulty or awkwardness speaking with her.  He felt the barriers that usually prevented him from having any kind of a relationship had either fallen down or even disappeared completely.  She even found his immature humor amusing.  Still, he figured he was over-thinking it, as was often his way.  She probably thought him nothing more than some fool who got himself in trouble in an act of blatant senseless inanity.  Despite this possibility, however, it did not stop him from thinking about her for the rest of the day and into the early reaches of night.  
The next day, Andrew went about his normal school day.  He was late for his first class, as was the par for the course.  He sketched in his lined notebook throughout most of his other classes such as general math, biology, and history, and when art class came he visited and talked with his friends rather than worked on art.  He was more into doing what he wanted and not really caring what the teachers expected or asked of him—more into acting foolish for the amusement of others rather than caring for his own personal grades and well-being.  
As Andrew was gathering his backpack and beginning to head out to catch his bus, a familiar voice came from behind him. 
“Hey, it’s you—duct-tape any classroom doors today?” Emily asked as she laughed.
“Hey!” Andrew quickly responded as he turned, taken by surprise.  “I’ve not…not today.”
“I heard that you were the one that changed the school sign from ‘The Wizard of Oz Play Saturday and Sunday’ to ‘Whizz off roof for distance win our shit’.”
“I had help, and yes I’m kind of retarded,” Andrew said as he shook his head.  It was one of those late-night things that he and a friend had thought up.  They had written down all the letters and went out to their secret meeting spot (an Arby’s) to plot out their mischievous plan.  “We’ve been changing the signs, well up until they finally decided to lock them up under glass after about the sixth time.”
“I saw it before they got a chance to take it down.”  Emily laughed.  “Are you driving home?”
“I took the bus,” Andrew replied, slightly embarrassed.  He did have a car, but his parents would just not allow him to drive it to school at the moment—his parents had said something about bad grades and a sensed lack of responsibility.
“Would you like a ride home?” Emily asked, her face still smiling happily.
“Yeah,” Andrew answered, attempting to hide the gratuitous amount of disbelief running through his head like a hamster in one of those spinning wheels.  “I would…thank you.”
Andrew followed Emily to her small compact yellow Ford.  She unlocked the doors and Andrew sat in the passenger seat, reaching behind and putting his backpack in the backseat.  He then helped Emily with hers.
“Thank you,” Emily said as she turned the key in the ignition.
“For what?” 
“Helping me with my backpack,” Emily answered as she smiled.
“Oh…thank you for the ride home,” Andrew said as he shook his head without exactly knowing why.  “The bus in the summer time usually smells pretty bad. There is lots of body odor and old-food smells, which is like riding in a fart bus and hoping the wind from the windows will let you live long enough to survive the trip……and I don’t know why I am talking about this.”
Emily laughed in reply.  “It’s the lack of air conditioning.  It’s very nearly criminal.”
“It is,” Andrew agreed, “Yet, they keep the school so cold that you need to wear winter clothing to get through the day.”
“It’s so we girls don’t wear skimpy outfits and get the boys all excited,” Emily replied as she pulled the car from its spot and took a place in the long line to leave the school.  “It’s true, you know?”
Andrew chuckled, “I never thought about it that way.  “We still get excited; we’re an easily excitable bunch, us men-boys.”
“Did you just refer to yourself as a man-boy?” 
“I…I, well—you know that filter that people have that tells them they shouldn’t say something, so they don’t,” Andrew said, feeling slightly flustered at the admission.
“You don’t have one?” Emily asks.
“I probably do, it just malfunctions,” Andrew added.  “People tend to find it annoying.”
“I think it’s a nice quality to have.  Lets people know how you feel, right?”
“Oh, give it a few days, you’ll probably be annoyed,” Andrew said as he thought back.  It seemed like everyone in his life, his parents, teachers, ex-girlfriends; they all expected him to just suddenly act grown up—like there was some magic switch that would stop him from finding immature pranks and idiotic pursuits so goddamned appealing.  
“Is that a challenge?” Emily asked as she looked away from the road for a moment and smiled.  
“How do you mean?”
“Spend the day with me tomorrow, like on a date?” she answered in the form of another question.
“Seriously, aren’t you a senior? I’m just a junior—isn’t that like instant angry social herpes or something?” Andrew asked as he attempted compose his scatterbrained mind.  Was she really asking him out?  He’d thought to pinch himself and wake himself from this dream if he did not fear for a moment that it if it were, he would rather keep dreaming.
“Are you turning me down?  You’ll hurt my feelings…,” Emily added as she feigned a frown.
“Of course not,” Andrew swiftly added.  “I have detention…but yeah, that can fuck right off.  I will gladly spend the day with you tomorrow.”
“What do they do if you miss a Saturday detention?”
“They stack on another one.”
“You’re okay with that?”
“For you, they can stack them on to my life until I’m in a retirement home somewhere eating Jell-o , and sitting in my own rolling fart chair at Saturday detention with the other teenagers, all the while yelling at them to stay off the lawn. “Thank you,” Emily said as she nodded and smiled at the absurdity of the comment.
“No, really…thank you.”
That night Andrew lay in bed, the warm, gentle breeze wafting into his open window and causing his shades to lightly tap against the window sill with each passing breath of summer air.  He felt a strange anxiousness deep in the pit of his stomach that kept him from sleep—a sleep that he wished for so the hours may pass more hastily and that he may welcome the new day with its new promise of a chance to be with someone intriguing.  The more he thought about Emily Jones, the more solicitous he felt himself growing.  A strange sense of anxiety that he had never quite acknowledged before started to prevail within him, and the questions of his unworthiness deluged his mind.  What if she did find him annoying—and not funny?  What if she was out his league?  She was very beautiful, after all.  Images of her flashed in his mind—the way she pushed away the golden strands of her hair as they whipped in the wind gusting from her car window, the way her soft pink lips curled into a smile that hung so well against her delicate features, and the way her large, striking green-eyes shine with flecks of chartreuse. To compare her beauty to anything such as a flower or sunset would be fruitless; her beauty carries a constant air of happiness and contentment. Any kind of assessment or comparison would not do it justice.
Andrew played out many scenarios in his mind of how things might go.  He wondered how they would spend the day and what he would say.  Things would come in time.  When sleep finally did come, he welcomed it as his slowing mind drifted away to fragmented thoughts of her.
It was coming up on three in the afternoon as Andrew sat at the kitchen awaiting Emily’s arrival.  She did say she would be there, but she did not exactly specify a time.  Every car that passed by the open kitchen window gave him a false sense of momentary excitement.  Every noise gave his heart a jump.  Andrew was beginning to worry that she was not coming after all.  The waiting was almost inhumanely tortuous.  Then, like a ringing bell from an angel come to save him from his hours waiting in purgatory, the doorbell chimed.
Andrew jumped up to his feet, nearly knocking over the wooden chair as he rushed to the door, grabbing his sketchbook as he left the room and headed for the door.  He greeted Emily Jones, who was dressed in a short blue dress with a low-cut front that displayed a silver heart-shaped necklace, her long hair pulled back into a ponytail.  She was wearing long socks and white running shoes.  
“You are an easily excited bunch.”  Emily laughed as she placed a hand on the door.
“I am so sorry,” Andrew said as he shook his head and closed his eyes in a shamed manner.  “I really did not…I did do it.  I just…you’re very beautiful.”
“You think so?” Emily asked.  “You can just say that, just like that?”
“Apparently…yes,” Andrew answered.  “To both questions.”
“You’re cute,” Emily said as she spun her keys playfully on her ring finger.  “Would you like to go?”
“Am I?” Andrew asked rather awkwardly.  “And yes.”
“You are, don’t sell yourself short.  I thought you’d have more confidence in that regard,” Emily said with a smile.
“I have no confidence in that regard at all,” Andrew said as he followed her out to the familiar yellow compact.  “It’s the humor; I think it’s an attempt to make up for it.”
“Do you start all your dates by trying to convince them you’re not attractive when you really are?  Or is this just a special case today?”
“Oh, no,” Andrew jokingly replied, “I just like to warn people in case they come to the realization later—when it’s too late.  Like when we have kids, and the house and the whole family thing—the two dogs.”
“I had a dog when I was younger—it was a pretty big dog, don’t remember the breed.  It used to knock me down in its furious attempt to hump my legs so my parents had to keep it outside,” Emily related as she got into the car.
“So the two-dog thing is out,” Andrew added as he got into the passenger seat.
“I don’t know.  I’ve got much better balance and I think I could handle it,” Emily said as she snickered at the idea.
“That is both disturbing and strangely erotic at the same time,” Andrew whispered.
“You better not be imagining that—“
“How could I not?”
“Do you like to swing?” Emily asked, changing the subject but still giggling.  
Andrew noticed that she always seemed to be either laughing or smiling.  It made him feel good to be the cause of either in some small way.  He was used to making people laugh with his random acts of stupidity and humor, but there was something different—something lacking in previous relationships: she made him laugh and smile as well.
“I suspect that my parents do it,” Andrew finally answered after an unexpected pause of reflection came over him.  “I’ve never had the opportunity myself.  I mean, it’s a little sudden.”
“That’s it,” Emily said as she put the car in reverse and backed out of the driveway, “You’ve lost your voting privileges, we’re going to the park.”
“Oh, that kind of swinging,” Andrew said as he nodded.  “I haven’t in a while but I think that sounds like fun.”
They drove for a while until they reached a small wooded park just out of town with small gravel roads and gentle rolling hills.  The dust from the road beneath them danced about the car as sunlight broke through the tops of the trees in glimmering patches all around them.  There was something magical about the moment, although ordinary in its basic sense—something that would happen any given sunny day; however, this moment felt more real to Andrew than many would for a long time to come.
As they parked by a nearby vacant playground, Andrew remembered the sketchbook lying upon his lap. He handed it over to Emily, who gave a puzzled look.
“What is this?” 
“A present,” Andrew replied as he opened up the first page and revealed a drawing that he had done of Emily while he waited for her.
“That’s…,” Emily whispered as she took the book and looked at the picture, her eyes darting back and forth over the image of herself— or rather the image that Andrew perceived her as being.  “That is beautiful…I’ve never seen anything drawn so well.  You did this just from memory?”
“Yeah,” Andrew answered.  “I didn’t know if you liked to draw or not, but I thought it would be a pretty all right gift.  I drew a few pictures.  They’re of you…obviously…I just….”
“Thank you,” Emily said as she reached over and awkwardly attempted to hug Andrew.  Andrew undid his safety belt and embraced Emily.  He felt himself growing strangely anxious and awkward once more; yet, there was something else, something stronger inside of him as well. He felt a sense of comfort and calmness like the sea on a perfect day. He felt as though this was not their first real date but as if they had known each other for many years. In another life, perhaps…. “I’m glad that you like it,” Andrew said as they broke their hug.
“I cannot draw worth a shit.”  Emily laughed as she wiped away a tear from her eye.  “But what you have done in here really…really means a lot to me.  You’re really good.”
“It’s my hobby,” Andrew said as he smiled.  “My parents don’t care much for it.  Well, they just see it as a hobby.  I would like to do it for a living but they don’t really approve.  They keep bringing up the starving-artist saying.”
“I think if it’s something you truly enjoy doing, then you should go for it,” Emily said as she thumbed through the pages and looked at the few pictures that Andrew had drawn for her.
“We’re a military family; all the way back to my great-grandparents.  They all served in various branches of the military, Air Force, Army, Marines, and Navy—it’s what we mainly go into.  However, I don’t feel like it’s something I can do,” Andrew said as he watched with great interest as Emily reacted with flashes of smiles and elation at each drawing.  
“Then don’t do it,” Emily said as she looked over to Andrew.  
Andrew looked away, feeling somewhat embarrassed.  Those piercing eyes were almost too much for him, they contained so much beauty that he could not bear to look upon them.
“Seriously,” Emily said as she placed a hand to Andrew’s shoulder.  “Never do anything you do not want to do; you’ll just regret it later.  Talent like this shouldn’t go wasted.”
“Thank you,” Andrew said as he let her words sink in.  He had never really had someone be so unselfishly kind toward his art and so supportive of his idea to not follow in the footsteps that lay before him.  It was kind of strange, the idea that he could do whatever he wanted.
“Is this what you want to do when you’re older?” Emily asked as she kept her eyes upon Andrew and placed his hand in hers.
“I think so,” Andrew whispered in reply.  “It’s been a dream of mine since I was a kid.”
“Then do it,” Emily said as she smiled reassuringly.  “However, first—before you go off and do all of that, let’s have something to eat and then play on that awesome motherfucking playground.  Are you seeing those swings?  Those swings are some serious shit.  That slide—that is the crack cocaine of slides.  You go down that thing once and you’re hooked and in the gutter in a few weeks.”
Andrew laughed as he shook his head.  “Thank you again.”
“For what?”
“For making me laugh,” Andrew adds, “It’s not something that I’m used to.”
Emily unlocked the keys to the trunk of her car, producing a large picnic basket.  She carried it to a small picnic table that sat slightly sideways on the side of a hill.  Emily unwrapped the plastic from two chicken salad sandwiches and placed them upon the table, and then laid out a large apple pie and two cans of coke.  
“I baked this,” Emily said as she flourished a hand over the pie as though it was a prize that she was displaying on a television game show.  “It’s what I like to do.  It took a bit longer than I expected, so that’s why I was kind of late today.”
“You did all this for me?” Andrew asked as he sat down on the table, careful to avoid a small spat of bird droppings.  
“Made you lunch?”
“No one has ever done anything this nice for me,” Andrew said as he nodded, and then felt suddenly saddened at the thought and accidentally allowed it to show upon his face which tensed up in an unique moment of seriousness.
“You’ve dated before right?” Emily asked as she cocked her head to the side quizzically.
“Yeah, a few times,” Andrew answered.
“Not very nice people, then,” Emily said as she cut into the pie with a plastic knife, a feat she was finding a bit trickier than she had expected.  She plopped down a large slice before Andrew and sat with her hands folded beneath her chin as though awaiting a verdict.
“It’s great—excellent!” Andrew said, chewing down a bite.
“Thank you, sir.”  Emily nodded as she took own piece.  “I had to make sure that you didn’t die first.  Thank you for being my poison tester.  It’s not a luxurious job, I know, but I feel that you make a great candidate.”
Andrew stifled a choke as he began to laugh.  
“Oh!  Perhaps the poison was just slow acting.”  Emily laughed as she feigned choking.  “I knew I couldn’t trust the people.  My disloyal citizens…gasp!  Their queen…is dead, at last....”
“I’ve failed you and I’ve been on the job but only a few minutes,” Andrew said as he reached a hand out toward Emily.  “A plague upon all of their houses and shanties, and shacks, and cave dwellings….”
“Most importantly their cave dwellings,” Emily added as she laughed with a big smile.  “So…these relationships you mentioned in your past.  What the hell?  No apple pies or plastic-wrapped chicken salad sandwiches on fancy crusty bread?”
“No, unfortunately—I think that they had this idea of who I should be in their head: you know their ideal boyfriend and they tried to fit me into that mold.  Like, if I would joke about something they would say “Be serious”, or… well…I can be serious.  I just enjoy the pranks and the immature life, full of dick and fart jokes.”
“So inappreciative!” Emily shouted as she playfully banged her fists against the picnic table, causing her fork to launch off into the grass.  “Oh, shit…nope it’s all good; I brought an extra one.  That’s me.  Always thinking….  Anyway, if people cannot appreciate the humor in life, then they aren’t worth your time.  You should never have to change who you are.  You should never have to be someone else just to fit into their ideal….  Whatever…never change, let people appreciate you for who you are.”
“I didn’t think that anyone would ever be accepting of it,” Andrew said as he nodded.  It was slowly beginning to sink in that Emily Jones was more than just beautiful.  She was so much more.  
“I am,” Emily said, recreating Andrew’s slow nod in harmless mockery.  “I like you just the way you are.”
“Thank you,” was all Andrew could say.
After eating, they played upon the swings.  Andrew pushed Emily while she attempted to launch herself carelessly from the swing at inopportune moments right before he was about to give her a boost.  This action usually resulted with her falling to the ground in fits of laughter.  They played on the slide, taking turns, attempting to run down without suffering any serious injury and, to their luck, that day no such injury was sustained.  They laughed like children do, but flirted and allowed their hands to come into contact as often as they possibly could like new lovers.  As the sun began to set beneath the tree line, Emily and Andrew embraced and kissed for the first time.
“Would you like to go somewhere else with me?” Emily asked as she held Andrew in her arms.
“Anywhere.”
The couple got back into the car after Emily packed away the picnic basket and placed it back in her trunk.  They drove out farther off into the distant countryside.  Soon the trees gave way to tall fields of prairie grass.  Emily pulled the car over to the side of the road just as the sun had set and the air was filled with the dim magical glow of the final light of day.
“Sit by me,” Emily said as she got out of the car and hopped up onto the hood.
Andrew hesitated for a moment, not wanting to damage the car.  
“Don’t worry about the car,” Emily added.  “It’s just a thing.”
Andrew slid up the hood of the yellow Ford.  Emily reached her hand over and placed it into his.  A slight chill had crept into the air, but neither of them cared.  They were both content.  As the pair sat, the light disappearing from the sky, fireflies began to emerge in the field before them.  At first just a few flashes here and there—soon came hundreds.
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” Emily asked as she squeezed Andrew’s hand.
“It is.”
“I moved here from California last year right near the beginning of spring.  There are no fireflies out there, not past the Rockies, I believe.  Anyway, I remember sitting here by myself last year, coming out every Saturday until it was time, just waiting for fireflies because I had never seen them before.  There is just something magical about it…it made me feel that childlike feeling you get as a kid on Christmas morning the first time they appeared.  Then, when they were out like they are now, I just…I just felt that there was so much more to the world and it was a beautiful place after all,” Emily said quietly as she held on to Andrew.
“I grew up here and I suppose I’d taken it for granted,” Andrew said as he pulled Emily closer.  “Thank you for showing me them again….  Thank you for reminding me.”
“Do you like me?” Emily asked, sounding a little worried.  “Today, you’ve seen pretty much well…me.  I know I’m weird.  I’ve been told that a lot.”
“If you would have told me that I’d be here with someone like you on Thursday, I would have never believed it.  You are so beautiful and kind that I have no idea what you even see in me, honestly.”
“Just because you don’t see it, doesn’t mean it’s not there,” Emily added as she kissed Andrew on the cheek.
“To answer your question in all honesty, yes,” Andrew said as he looked into Emily’s faint eyes in the dim gray evening.  “I think you are beautiful and nice.  You are something so much more, something so much more because of who you really are on the inside.  You are beautiful inside and out.”
“You just earned yourself another kiss,” Emily said as she drew Andrew in and kissed him upon the lips as the fireflies flashed and displayed their pale green show all around the two of them.
The sound of a chime from the floor awakens Andrew from his reverie.  He quickly remembers his cell phone and retrieves it from the floor.  A single message flashes upon the screen.   With shaking hands, he opens it.  It is from Anna.  Andrew’s heart beats in his chest as he waits for the message to open.  “Andy, maybe we should talk, I might be around your place at noon.”
The thought that Anna might be on her way here sends Andrew back into a state of happiness.  He looks at the old antique clicking clock upon the wall: it is still only ten in the morning.  He rushes to the bathroom and glances in the mirror.  He looks exhausted, terrible even.  He wonders if this will be in his favor, or to his detriment.  He reaches into the medicine cabinet and takes a Xanax for his anxiety.  There are not too many pills left so he has been saving them for his worst attacks.  He swallows a single two milligram pill without any water and quickly rushes to the kitchen and begins to clean the mess that has accumulated over the past two weeks.  As he begins to put away some hastily washed dishes he wonders if it has truly been that long since he left his apartment—nearly a month already?
Andrew contemplates taking a short nap but thinks better of it.  He does not want to miss Anna if she comes; so he decides the best course of action is to stay awake.  He begins to fidget nervously as most of the housework is done.  Then a strange calmness of the medication washes over him and comforts him.
The clock ticks away the seconds slowly as eleven-fifteen approaches.  Andrew sits down at the drawing desk in the corner of his room.  He thumbs through an old sketchbook and finds a drawing of Anna—she is smiling at him.  There is something familiar about the smile and eyes.  It is just a simple drawing of her seated at the dining room table, a glass of wine in her hand.  Her curly light brown hair covers one of her green eyes and her leg is folded and covered beneath the black evening dress.  She has a hand out as though she does not want to be drawn, yet the smile says otherwise.  Andrew remembers the moment fondly.  It was evening and he had prepared dinner for her—one of their first “dates” nearly three years ago.
Andrew flips the page as the thought of the memory makes him sad once more.  He begins to sketch out a landscape, something he has not done in months.  He begins with a road, and then some tall grass beyond it and some trees in the far distance.  He begins the intricate shading and detail as time passes by.  He looks up at the clock and noon has come and gone.
Andrew gets up from his desk and nervously paces around the apartment like a caged leopard at the zoo.  He walks over to his computer and switches on his playlist for his art and laughs in both amusement and frustration as the first song “Watching, Waiting” by Todd Carey comes over the speakers.  Over the course of the song, the singer sings of waiting desperately for the one that you love, waiting for that one you’ve wronged—wondering if they will show, wondering if there is anything that can be done.  The song is just an ironic coincidence that fits the situation so well and reminds Andrew of Anna even more.  One of their first trips was the short drive to the Hitching Post in Door County to catch a Fourth of July show of his.  They had a great evening as Todd Carey played late into the night and then returned to their hotel room, happy and contented.  Or at least Andrew had thought so.
Perhaps, that was the problem. He thought everything between them was perfect; he never thought, for once, it was not. They were so much alike—their views, personalities, and depressions. They had very few issues that were different but he felt would be fixed by time. However, he found that time was not the greatest glue when it came to fixing broken things such as human relationships.
Late afternoon comes swiftly as Andrew sits at his computer, listening to his playlist.  As Rachael Yamagata’s “I Wish You Love” plays, followed by her wonderfully sad and beautiful “Sunday Afternoon”, Andrew begins to wonder why the sad songs make him feel so good about the situation when logic dictates that it should have only the opposite effect.  Perhaps, it is a product of depression causes him to remove songs relating to any resemblance of happiness and to keep those that make him feel worse, but better in the same strange way.
Andrew picks up his cell phone and calls Anna’s number.  It rings twice and goes directly to her voicemail; he leaves a message: “Hey…Anna.  It’s me, Andy…I was just checking to see if you were coming today or not.  If you could let me know…, a text is fine—I know you hate phone calls.  I just wanted to add that….  I’m sorry.  Sorry for everything.  I would really like to talk to you if you could find it in yourself to do so.  Take care and I hope to hear from you soon….”
Satisfied with his message, Andrew places the phone on the bed.  He lies down next to it and glares at it, hoping for some form of reply. However, no matter how long he waits, the phone has nothing to add. Iron and Wine’s “The Trapeze Swinger” begins to play over his computer speakers, expressing a wish to be remembered happily, and Andrew finally drifts off to sleep.
Andrew saw Anna for the first time on a public bus on his way to work as a maintenance man at a cemetery just at the edge of town. He remembered standing in his dirty jeans, white shirt, and black dirt-stained hooded jacket and holding on to a pole as the bus bumped him about. He hated taking any kind of public transportation and being around so many people. It made him feel anxious and nervous. However, he refused to drive and had sold his car just before his senior year in high school.  
As the bus stopped approximately nine blocks away from his apartment, a girl entered through the pneumatic doors.  Her hair was long and bouncily curly, she had a red flower hairpin pulling a long strand to the side of her face and framing her somehow familiar features.  She had green eyes, strikingly, familiar green.  She wore a long dress with nondescript flowers of the same matching red that trailed from her top down to the hem of her dress.  She wore heavy fur-topped brown boots that matched her small jacket, which she carried beneath her arm.  
Andrew watched her, feeling somewhat like a stalker and quite awkward, however he could not take his eyes off her.  There was something familiar about her face, her lips and her smile.  She reached into her purse pulling out a pair of black glasses and began to read Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mockingbird, a book that Andrew enjoyed and read many times as a teen.  He wanted to say something and to make contact.  He hesitated to do so because of his disheveled demeanor.  He felt that a beautiful girl like her might be spooked by his unexpected company rather than be in the mood to discuss a mutual appreciation for Harper Lee’s classic.
Their eyes met for a moment and Andrew quickly looked away.  Instead, he looked outside at the autumn trees through the large windows of the bus.   The bus rounded a corner and the sun shone in brightly as it emerged from the line of tall buildings in the distance.  Andrew shielded his eyes with his hand and turned away to face the familiar girl.  She smiled as she looked up from her book.  
Surely she is not smiling at me…, Andrew thought to himself as he looked away once more and focused his attention on the silver crisscrossed floor beneath his dirty, formerly white sneakers.  The bus made four more stops before the girl rose from her seat and got off.  Andrew looked out the window as the girl looked back to him momentarily as she walked down sidewalk which was stained a bright and brilliant orange in the morning sun.
As Andrew went to work that day, thankful that the temperature remained cool as he went about his daily chores of weed-whacking around the grave markers of those that have passed, he could not shake the familiarity of the girl that was on the bus that day.  There was something so uniquely etched in his memory that was suddenly recalled back into his life by her presence.
It took another four days, slightly better clothing, and a haircut before Andrew was overwhelmed with the curiosity that this new girl brought into his usually dismal existence.  She was already deep into another book as he slowly made his way from his usual spot and stood before her.  
“You don’t have to say yes,” Andrew began.
“I was waiting to see if you’d ever come and sit—after all, this seat has been open for the past week and I swear I nearly saw you nearly take a tumble the other day when that bat-shit crazy driver took that corner around Mercer St. and nearly hit that elderly,” the girl said as she gestured to the empty seat.
“Thank you,” Andrew said as he held out a hand, “Andrew.”
The girl smiled and nodded in reply but refused to take Andrew’s hand.  “Anna…,” she said as she placed her glasses and book back into her purse.  “Don’t feel badly about the handshake thing—I’m just not big on contact with, well, people.  Not just you, pretty much anyone, really….”
“I’m not offended,” Andrew said as he placed his hands and folded them upon his lap.  “I understand completely.  I normally have a problem with people to be honest.  They’re all strange to me.”
“Thank you,” Anna replied as she laughed.
In that moment, Andrew felt déjà vu.  The odd familiarity returned at the sound of her laughter, at the way her lips curled and her face seemed to light up.
“Not you,” Andrew said, backtracking.  “I mean, what’s up with that old guy in the back?  He is always giving me the strangest looks and muttering things about me being some kind of government agent or alien, I’m not sure which.”
“You mean my grandfather?” Anna asked as she looked toward the back of the bus and waved to the old man.
“Oh…,” Andrew muttered as he shook his head.  “I’m so sorry….“
“Really, Andy?”  Anna giggled, breaking her serious demeanor, as she shook her head.  “You’re going to fall for that?”
Andrew laughed as he buried his face into his hands.  It had been a long time since he had an honest, genuine laugh.  “Yes…apparently I am.”
“So what do you do, Andy?”  Where are you headed every morning on this bus?  You don’t mind that I call you Andy, do you?” Anna asked as she barely left a moment for Andrew to answer.
“I, um…I work in landscaping,” Andrew began as he attempted to word it in a way that would seem the least unusual but then promptly ruined it, “on dead people.  I just said that…I also don’t mind being called Andy.  I wasn’t fond of it in school but the way you say it makes it sound all right.”
“I find it seems a touch less formal,” Anna said as she smiled.  “So you work for dead people, then?”
“Yes, I mostly just keep the graves looking nice, for like when the family wants to come and have a visit.  They aren’t able to clean up the place so I suppose I’m a housekeeper of sorts,” Andrew said, fumbling his words even as he attempted to recover.
“That’s nice, in a way,” Anna said as she nodded.  “I work front desk at a small insurance company.”
“I used to work for an insurance company, doing document scanning.”
“The big one in town, the one that all the suits you see wandering about work at?”
“Yep, that’d be the one,” Andrew answered.  
“How exactly did you go from there to a cemetery, well, bypassing the normal ways that people often end up from that company to the cemetery, of course…,” Anna asked with a smirk as she attempted to fix a stray curl of light brown hair that seemed uncooperative this morning.
Andrew fought an urge to help, knowing that this would only be seen as crossing the line.  However, the urge was strangely there to do so.  
“I got tired of being indoors all the time and, well, at first I was fine with it, but I couldn’t stand to be around the people.  They all seemed very fake, very high school…. Then I started having anxiety attacks and they just couldn’t understand it, so I’d miss a lot of work and eventually I just quit,” Andrew said as he remembered back to the days where he dressed much more nicely, but was much more miserable.  “That is too much information, isn’t it?”
“No, I…,” Anna began as she paused.  “I’m pretty much the same way.  I do what I have to do when it comes to dealing with people, but for the most part they honestly bother the hell out of me, just asking me questions or having me do things for them.  I know that it shouldn’t and I’ve seen doctors about it but it doesn’t seem to really be of any help.”
“I’m on Xanax now,” Andrew added.  “It helps with the anxiety attacks.  I’ve actually been on it for years.”
“I tried that, didn’t really have any effect on me,” Anna said as she fidgeted with her hands against her purse as though talking about anxiety was bringing it on.  “Nothing that they did helped me with my depression; in fact, it made me feel even worse. Now, I try to deal with it myself.”
“That’s pretty admirable,” Andrew said as he let a half-smile spread across his face.  “These things, honestly, they work, but I hear getting off of them is pretty dangerous.  So I am not particularly looking forward to that party.”
“Have you tried any cognitive therapy?” Anna asked.
“Yes, I can always convince myself that it’s bullshit, though,” Andrew answered as he let out a short cynical laugh.  “I know that it works for most people but convincing my mind that it works is another story completely.”
“I see someone once a week now,” Anna quietly said as she looked away to see how far she was to her destination.  “Mostly they just ask me a bunch of stupid questions that they already know the answers to, right?  Like, ‘Are you unhappy?’ or ‘Are you stressed?’  Who isn’t stressed in this day and time, really?”
“Totally get that,” Andrew said.
“This is me up ahead,” Anna said as she fidgeted some more with her purse.  She pulled out a piece of paper and wrote down a phone number.  “Do you work tomorrow…?  Do you go in and housekeep for the dead on Saturdays?”
“Only if we’re expecting a new arrival,” Andrew answered, and then immediately felt stupid for giving such an inane answer.  “No.  I do not work most Saturdays.”
“This is my number,” Anna said as she dropped it onto Andrew’s lap.  “I don’t care much for phones but if you can text me that is something I am able to handle a bit more.  Perhaps we can, well…I don’t do restaurants or bars, or…anything.  Well, anyway, here’s that.  If you’re interested.  If not, that’s fine, too.”
“No, I…,” Andrew said as he attempted to get past his surprise at the gesture and get a reply in, “I have a cell and I will text you tomorrow.”
“Have fun with your dead people,” Anna said awkwardly, rising as the bus came to the stop.
“Have fun with yours as well,” Andrew said attempting a joke that only left Anna looking more confused than amused.  “Or…have a good day, rather.”
“You as well, Andy—and make sure my grandfather doesn’t get off on your stop,” Anna said as she waved to both Andrew and the crazy old man at the back of the bus and laughed.  
Andrew watched as he smiled and waved out the bus window as Anna uneasily returned the wave in a more frantic, almost comical manner and began her walk down the sidewalk.
Andrew woke up the next day and looked upon the old antique clock that showed that it was still early, only nine in the morning.  He had not slept as well as he would have liked.  The thought of the new girl, Anna, filled his mind with both worry and excitement—something he had not felt for a very long time.  
As he took his morning piss, he wondered if it was too early to text Anna.  After all, it was later than their usual morning bus.  He allowed another hour to pass and his morning Xanax to kick in before he picked up his cell and began to write out a message.  First he started with Good morning, this is Andy, but then he erased it, feeling it was too banal.  Next it was Too early? —which he promptly erased as well; if it were too early it just seemed to overstate the obvious.  Finally he settled for Hello, Anna, this is Andy from the bus.  Sorry if you’re sleeping, I just wanted to see if you were still up for doing something today.  If you like, feel free to text me back.    
Andrew plopped down upon the couch and half-watched the Saturday morning news.  More bad news about the country and its situation with war.   There was very little that was ever redeeming on the news those days.  He flipped through the channels as an hour passed.  On the kitchen table a short distance away his cell vibrated and chimed against the wooden table.  
Andrew rushed over to the phone, flipping it open and checking his inbox.  Sure, what did you have in mind?
Andrew thought about a response but had great difficulty coming up with a proper one.  He felt so awkward hardly knowing her, yet something about her felt so familiar at the same time.  How about dinner and conversation?
Okay, just as long as it is not at the same time.  Your place?  Do you cook? The text came back moments later.
I do cook, I can cook up something.  I would be happy to.  A little disappointed we cannot multitask the eating and talking thing but I think I can deal with that, Andrew texted back in reply.
Funny.  What is your address? Anna asked.
309 Red Manor Apartments, apt. 3-1.   I am the first door on the left on the third floor of the spiral staircase when you enter.  You can’t miss the building, it is all red and has these great big arched white doors, Andrew texted back.
What time?
How about 6? 
I will be there.  Nice to meet a kindred spirit by the way, Anna finished.
That last line filled Andrew with an elated sense of that there could be something here.  A possibility that he had not expected; something he had been waiting for without even knowing that he was actually waiting.  Still, he had his reservations; he had been hurt deeply in the past.  It had been so long, and there had been relationships in-between but nothing that seemed as promising as this.  He hoped for the best.
As 6:15 P.M. arrived, so did Anna—who apologized for being slightly late.  She carried with her a large paper sack.  
“I got wine,” Anna said as she retrieved a bottle of red wine from the paper sack, “It’s nothing fancy or anything—actually, it could be…I don’t know, I don’t drink.  So I guess that it could be really great wine.”
“I don’t drink either,” Andrew embarrassingly replied.  “We could set it on the table and pour out some glasses and pretend that we do.  It’ll probably make us look really sophisticated.”
“I can’t disagree with that,” Anna said as she laughed.
“I made chicken and spaghetti,” Andrew said as he led Anna to the table.  “I used to work at this restaurant when I was a senior in high school.  Pretty much learned everything I know from there, so if it’s terrible blame them.  Or me…actually, you can just go ahead and blame me.”
“It looks great,” Anna said as she seated herself and began to eat, covering her mouth with each bite.  “Don’t mind this.  It’s something I do.  I just don’t like people watching me eat.  Please don’t be offended by it.”
“You’re fine,” Andrew said as he held up a napkin.  “Should I do the same, or…?”
“No, you’re good….  It’s just me.”
Dinner was completed with very little conversation, just as Anna had requested.  The silence for Andrew was a little strange, but he understood it.  After all, he had some troubles himself that he had to constantly deal with.
After dinner Anna and Andrew sat upon his somewhat old, yet comfortable couch.  Anna looked about at all the framed sketches upon the wall.  “This art is really awesome—is it yours?”
“Yeah,” Andrew said as he looked to a picture of a girl seated upon a car, the night sky all around her and fireflies in the field that surrounded the small car.
“Do you know that girl?” Anna asked, noting that Andrew had taken a particular interest in the piece.
“We dated when I was a junior in high school.  Only for about a month…,” Andrew quietly answered as he grew saddened at the thought.
“The art is amazing,” Anna said as she got up and looked at all the different pieces that hung against the red walls.  “Seems like such an odd talent from someone who is working at a cemetery.  Just being honest, sorry….  Not trying to sound judgmental or mean or anything.  Sometimes I’m just retarded.”
“No, you’re fine, really,” Andrew said as he shook away the sad feelings and stood up from the couch, “I always meant to do more with it.   I think I still plan on it.  It has just kind of taken to the backburner at the moment until I get myself situated.  Get off the meth, get clean.”
Anna laughed and then put on a look of overtly seriousness as she quietly spoke, “My brother, he had a pretty bad meth problem.  We haven’t heard from him in years.”
“I am such an ass,” Andrew said as he shook his head.  “I’m sorry.”
“No…no…no…,” Anna said as she broke her concentration and let a slightly evil smile spread across her face.  “You’re just…I’m joking.”
“Of course,” Andrew said as he face-palmed and then let out a short laugh.  “I’m sorry, I’m just not used to the humor.”
“What, with the art and the sense of humor, the girls don’t go crazy for you?” Anna asked as she paced along the wall and admired a landscape of some mountains and a waterfall.
“I seem to attract girls that want me to change, or be more serious,” Andrew began, “When I worked at that insurance company I dated a girl there and she was pretty self-obsessed.  I remember as we were walking back from dinner…I was able to eat out at places then, now I avoid them like the plague….  Anyway, there was this homeless man that asked for change and I gave him what I had in my pocket.  I felt there was no harm.”
“Seems fairly admirable,” Anna agreed.
“My date didn’t.  She complained that the city should do something about ‘those people’…,” Andrew said as he bit the bottom of his lip as though the thought reminded him of his frustration with people.  “I said something about, you know, all people being people despite their circumstances.  Something about, if I were in that position, what kind of kindness would I be afforded?  Would I be treated like a dog or a human?  So that pretty much ended that relationship.  Well, right after we went out and killed ourselves a hobo.”
Anna laughed and shook her head in response to the last bit.  “Why do you do that?”
“The jokes at the end?” Andrew answered.  “I honestly don’t know; I think it’s some kind of self defense that comes from a desire to make people happy when in all honesty most people find it either annoying or…not funny.”
“I find it funny,” Anna said as she turned to Andrew.
“Thank you, then,” Andrew said as he smiled.  “It has been a long time since anyone has made me laugh as well, so I suppose…thank you for that is well.”
“That’s what friends do, right?”  Anna added.
“Yeah, I suppose….”
“I mean,” Anna began and then paused uncomfortably, “I don’t want to lead you on or anything.  I am not really looking for a relationship.  I actually just kind of…well, it’s been about a year—but I was with this guy from high school that I had grown up with.  We were serious, shit we even lived together for a time….  He just kind of disappeared one day.  Decided to date someone else….  I didn’t see it coming.”
“I am sorry,” Andrew said softly.
“Oh no, it’s not your fault,” Anna said as she looked away to the single window of the apartment and stared out at the fall oak tree that was illuminated by a streetlight.  “I just am kind of lost since it happened.  I don’t know.  My self-esteem is pretty well shot at this point and I don’t even feel like I could ever like anyone again.  It’s like I’m not even attracted to anyone.”
“I won’t pressure you, then,” Andrew said as he nodded.  “I mean, I understand.  I am sorry that it happened to you.  It seems extremely unfair.  You’re very pretty and you seem like an amazingly wonderful person.  I think he’s just gone violently stupid or something.”
Anna laughed, although it did not seem as genuine as before.  “Yeah, that must be it.  I hear that’s going around a lot lately.”
“Shit, my neighbor caught a terrible case of violent stupidity, started wearing cats around like winter coats and offered a golden shower service,” Andrew said in a serious tone.
“Dead cats?  That’s kind of sad actually; I love cats,” Anna added with a short chuckle despite her slight apprehension of the mental image.
“No…no, of course not, they were live cats.  He just piled them onto his body, hooked in their claws into his naked skin covering everything except for his penis, of course.”
“Of course,” Anna said as she laughed at the absurdity of the image that formed in her head.  “That’s wonderful.”
“You can feel free to tell me to stop at any time,” Andrew said as he began to feel slightly stupid at his own attempts at trying to cheer Anna up.
“No, I do appreciate the laugh,” Anna replied.  “There isn’t much I find funny in life these days.  So don’t stop, especially on my account.”
 “Do you mind if I get a picture of you?” Andrew asked as he got his digital camera.  “Something perhaps I could use as a reference to sketch out later?”
“I hate getting my picture taken,” Anna said as she let out a short sigh, “But I shall oblige.  Here, let’s get a picture of me looking all sophisticated with this wine.”
“Good enough for me.  To commemorate our night,” Andrew said as he snapped the photo.
In a flash, Andrew awakens to the dim light of a new day.  In a fit of exhaustion, he has somehow managed to sleep nearly twelve hours as the clock on the wall now reads 7:12 a.m.  This is about the time he would be off to work, had he not quit about the month prior.   He contemplates taking the bus, wondering if Anna will be there.  However, if she would be there, would she even want to speak to him?  
Andrew gets out of bed despite the constant soreness that has overtaken his body.  He reaches for his phone and checks for any messages that he might have slept through.  To his dismay, there are none, no missed calls nor texts.  Although his still-exhausted mind urges him to the contrary, Andrew text-messages Anna: Hey, what happened to you yesterday?  You never came by.  Please just let me know what is going on.  I miss you.
Andrew sits at the edge of his bed for about fifteen minutes staring at the photo wallpaper of Anna on phone.  Despite wishing it so, it appears that Anna will not be replying any time soon.  He slowly gets to his feet, one sock missing somewhere in bed.  He stumbles over to his dresser near the door to his apartment, hobbling to keep his bare foot from the cold of the wooden floor beneath him.  He finds a suitable replacement companion for his lost sock.  It does not match; however, he does not care. 
Andrew messes with the thermostat above the dresser for a moment; it feels much cooler than it did in the room the day before.  He makes his way to the long-curtained window and peeks out, seeing more of the buildings, street, and sidewalk below him.  The oak tree has lost more leaves, the wind has picked up and an inclusive gray look fills the view from the window.  It is merely the end of October and it looks like winter will come early again this year.
Andrew dresses into warmer pajama pants and then makes his way into the bathroom.  He looks at himself, his beard has grown longer, and his eyes still look tired, puffy.  He pulls back the mirror and opens up the medicine cabinet and picks up his bottle of Xanax.  He pours the contents into his hand, counting only ten pills left.  As he swallows one, he grows concerned about how he will function once he runs out completely.  A part of him does not care for he is deeply depressed—yet, a part of him wonders if he will be able to function at all without the presence of his medication.  He contemplates calling the clinic; but since he missed his last two appointments, he figures he will not be well-received.
Andrew pours himself a small bowl of cereal.  There is no milk—it has gone sour long ago.  He eats a little bit of the food and then returns to bed, finding nothing else of value to do other than wait.  Between memories of Emily and dreams of Anna, he is tormented by the fact that he cannot be with either—not now and possibly never.  
Despite the fact that the memory brings him pain, he thinks about her again.
It is Friday; one week has passed since Andrew first met Emily.  The changes in his life are so drastic that he cannot even believe that he is the same person.  He is no longer late to school, now that he has a reason: her smiling face greeting him at his locker.  Although it is not her intention, he goes to each class so that he may see her in the mere ten minutes between and the fifteen minute car ride home— it is not much, but it is enough to sustain him and leaves him feeling fulfilled.  He wished that they could meet more after school; however, Emily’s parents were very strict with her about not going out on school nights and very concerned with her keeping her grades up.  She said that it is because she had “no future prospects or interests and they don’t know how to handle it so they force her to keep her grades up in the hopes that some kind of motivation will arise.”
For Andrew, he could find no fault in Emily at all.  Even if she was a senior who had no idea what she wanted to do out of high school.  There would be plenty of time to figure that entire situation out later, after all—they were still young.
“Are you ready?” Emily asked as she tapped on Andrew’s shoulder.  
“Definitely,” Andrew said as he turned and smiled happily.  
The two held hands as they left the school building, weaving in and out of the crowded halls of students on their way home.   
“Are you free tonight?” Emily asked as they reached her yellow ford compact.  
“For you, of course,” Andrew said as he got into the passenger seat and took Emily’s bag and placed it into the backseat.
“Oh, I was actually wondering if you could babysit my brother,” Emily said as she adjusted the mirror and put the car into reverse, “I was thinking of going out on a date tonight.”
“Oh, that’s…that is just more cruel than funny,” Andrew said as he laughed anyway.  
“Is that too much?” Emily said as she pulled her car into the procession of cars exiting the school.  “I thought you might appreciate it.”
“I do,” Andrew said as he looked to Emily.  The sunlight of the summer afternoon caught against her face in bright yellows, her eyes with their unusual color shone in the penetrating light.  She looked over and smiled, looking somewhat embarrassed as she pulled her hair away from her face and let it lay where it fell.
“Are you staring at me?”
“I am,” Andrew answered simply.
“Is there something on my face?  Like another face?”
“Nope, just…,” Andrew said as he attempted to keep his mind away from any negativity.  He was definitely much happier than he had ever been in his life with Emily.  However, this new sense of happiness brought about a trepidation that he had not felt before.  Having someone so amazing and beautiful in his life that shared so many interests, and laughs, left him feeling worried that she might eventually leave him.  He would be devastated if her joke was ever true, that she might be happier with someone else.  “I just find you so beautiful.  I worry a bit, you know, that I’m not good enough.”
“Have some confidence in yourself.  You are so much better than you think you are,” Emily said as she shook her head.  “I am not going anywhere.  You’re not the only one that worries, you know.  Other girls I’ve spoken with about you with think you’re pretty cute as well.”
“I had no idea,” Andrew said disbelievingly.
“Of course, I threatened to beat them all down with a stick if they ever attempted to make a move on you,” Emily said as she chuckled maniacally.  
“Honestly, Andrew—there is no one else I would rather spend my time with than you.   I understand that you worry, I worry sometimes, too, but if you ever left I’d hunt you down and beat you with a stick so I feel pretty all right about not worrying.”
“Well, if you put it that way.”  Andrew laughed.  
“I do….  Don’t worry so much.”
“What did you have planned for tonight?” Andrew asked.
“Did I not tell you?  My parents are visiting my grandmother down south in Illinois.  They won’t be back until tomorrow.”
“I was unaware,” Andrew replied nervously.  
“I figured we could watch movies, if you could swing it, somehow—you could stay until morning.  They aren’t going to be home till afternoon.  But you know…just to be safe,” Emily said as though she already had the entire thing planned out in her mind.
“I’m pretty sure I can come up with something,” Andrew quickly answered as his mind raced with thoughts of spending an entire night with Emily.  
“Duct-tape your parents’ door shut and run off when I come to pick you up,” Emily said as she laughed.  
“Don’t tempt me with such an ingenious idea…I’d be apt to do that if I couldn’t come up with a good excuse.”
Luckily for both Andrew and his parents all it took was a simple lie that he was spending the night with a friend named Chris DeWeese, who lived across the street and was more than happy to cover for him.  After all, if given the opportunity Andrew would happily do the same.
Emily pulled up in her yellow compact a few blocks from the house and Andrew ran off with a small backpack packed with overnight clothes.  
“Your parents all secured?” Emily asked as she laughed and put the car into drive.  
“I took care of them,” Andrew said as he returned the laugh and smiled.  “I told them I was staying at a friend’s house.  No need for the duct-tape.”
“Well, maybe next time, then,” Emily said as she reached over and held on to Andrew’s hand while keeping her other hand on the steering wheel.
They drove a few miles away to a remote subdivision at the east edge of town.  Emily hit the remote for the garage door as they pulled into the large three-story house that sat at the edge of a small lake and was besieged by tall trees atop a small hill.
“Your house is beautiful,” Andrew said as he marveled at the immaculately clean three-car garage.  A pair of covered motorcycles sat upon the far edge, adjacent from the empty spot.  
“My father is a doctor and my mother works in real estate of course,” Emily said as though she thought very little of her own situation.  
“They seem to be doing very well.”
“It’s why they have such high expectations of me.  They expect me to be either one or the other, something successful that will bring me a lot of money and a rich husband,” Emily said as she looked emptily to the vacant spot in the garage.  Her eyes narrowed as the anger within her began to rise and appear upon her face—something that Andrew had never seen before.  
“They expect me to just know what I want to do; it’s like I have to know already and it has to be important.”
“I’m sure you’ll figure it out,” Andrew answered as he hugged Emily tightly, slightly regretting the action as the seatbelt tugged rather unforgivingly against his chest.  “If not, then who cares?  You shouldn’t need to change who you are to fit anyone’s ideals of what you should be.  Someone really amazing and beautiful told me that once….”
“Using my own advice against me,” Emily said as she popped Andrew’s seatbelt and allowed a proper hug to occur.  
“You’re a smart guy.”
“You’re an amazing person, even if you never figure out what you enjoy.  I’ll always think only the best of you.”
“I’m glad that you’ve shown me your serious side,” Emily whispered into Andrew’s ear as she released her embrace.  “I bet a lot of people aren’t given such an opportunity.”
“No one has bothered to try and find it.”
“Their loss,” Emily said as she kissed Andrew.
As night came they sat in the large basement theater room, eating popcorn and watching The Goonies, a movie, they discovered they both had a great appreciation for.  They spent most of the movie cuddled up together, holding hands.  For Andrew, this moment was like living a dream.  He imagined that this would be what life would be like for them when they were older.  No school bell to separate them and no long hours of waiting until they could speak for longer than mere moments.  No more saying goodnight over the phone, the impersonality of the happy conversations that lacked the contact of human intimacy.  After the movie ended, silence filled the large room. 
“Would you come to bed with me?” Emily asked as she stood up and reached a hand out to Andrew.
“Of course,” Andrew said as he found himself lost in her eyes.  In the dim light of the room her face looked so delicate, beautiful like the face of a full moon at night.  Through the light of the snowy television her green eyes sparkled and flashed in an almost hypnotic way.  She smiled as Andrew took her hand and allowed himself to be led up the staircase.
“Have you been alone here before?” Andrew asked as they snaked their way through the many halls and stairs until they reached the third floor.  
“A few times since we moved here, yes, I’ve been by myself in this house.”
“Does it ever scare you?”
“I don’t believe in ghosts or anything like that,” Emily said as she laughed.  “However, I do suppose if there was anything to be afraid of it would be people.  But the house has an alarm system, so I feel pretty safe.”
“I think I’d feel uneasy,” Andrew said as they came to the first door at the top of the third floor.  “A big place like this, I’d probably jump at any noise.  My parent’s house is pretty big… Well, it is two stories, small basement and all.  Whenever I’m alone in the house, I feel uneasy.  Like it’s too big and if there was someone in the house, I wouldn’t even know it.”
“Are you trying to give me nightmares?’ Emily asked jokingly as she opened the door to her room.  
“I’m sorry,” Andrew said as he shook his head.  He allowed Emily to lead him into the large, dimly lit red room.  As he entered he saw all of his sketches and drawings hanging in frames on every wall of the room.  He slowly walked towards the first one of Emily that he had drawn while waiting for her that first day.  
“You hung up all of these….”
“Of course,” Emily answered as squeezed his hand tightly and placed an arm around him.  “Like I said before, you are amazing.  Every drawing you’ve done for me is up.”
“Thank you,” Andrew whispered as he looked around the room in breathless amazement.  
Emily walked over to the window next to the bed; she opened it up just as the sound of rain began to fall.  
“I love that smell.”
“I do, too,” Andrew answered as a small flash of lightning came from off in the distance, followed by the slow rumbling roll of thunder.
Emily walked over to her closet and pulled out a short blue nightgown and began to undress.  
Andrew watched in a both confused and shocked state—much like a deer in headlights.  Although her back was turned as she removed her shirt he could make out her form in the delicate light of the shaded lamp in the far corner of the room.  She looked back to him for a moment and smiled as though she did not mind.
“Did you bring anything to change into?”  
“Ah…yes,” Andrew said as he rooted through his backpack and changed from his pants into a pair of shorts that he often slept in.  “I’m sorry, by the way; I think that was rude of me.”
“Am I beautiful?” Emily asked as she ignored the apology.
“I have never seen anyone as beautiful as you,” Andrew said, “And my parents have Cinemax, which is totally an inappropriate thing to say, just disregard all of that last part.”
Emily laughed as she crawled into bed and sat up against the headboard.  She messed with the CD player beside the bed for a moment as Fleetwood Mac’s “Landslide” came quietly over the speakers.  She then patted at the empty spot beside her on the small bed.
Andrew climbed into bed and the two embraced each other as the sound of thunder came once more, closer, louder.  
“I’ve always loved this song,” Emily quietly said as she looked unflinchingly into Andrew’s eyes.  “A lot of people prefer the newer Smashing Pumpkins version, but this one just reminds me of my childhood and has so much more meaning for me.”
“It’s a beautiful song,” Andrew whispered awkwardly as he felt himself close to Emily.  His body laid closely against hers their faces were mere inches away from each other as they spoke only in hushed tones.
The quiet guitar of the song filled the pauses in their soft whispers of what they hid from the world.  The sound of rain thumped its muted beat against the window as the gentle breezes from the distant storm blew in the fresh scent of rain.  
“This line about getting older, how everybody gets older…,” Emily said as the lyrics accompanied.  “I’ve always found that line sad.”
“But you’re not old,” Andrew whispered.  
“Just the idea,” Emily said as she pressed her forehead against his.  “I never want to regret anything when I’m older.  I never want to miss an opportunity to know things or ask things—so I’m going to ask.”
“I’m not gay,” Andrew whispered.
Emily laughed and playfully slapped Andrew on his cheek with a light tap.  
“How do you feel about me?”
“I…,” Andrew began then paused for a moment to think.  He had a talent for saying things incorrectly or understating things he felt and he desperately did not want to mess this up.  “I think about you every day.  From the moment I wake up, to the moment I go to bed.  I see you at school and I’m really only there for those moments in the hall when I walk you to class, or that drive home.  I listen to your voice at night and I think that I would die in the absence of it.  I think I sleep only to pass the hours until I can see you again….”
“I know it has only been a week,” Emily whispered as she leaned in and kissed Andrew.  “But do you think that…this is love?”
“Yes,” Andrew replied.
“Do you love me?”  
“You’ve become my world; without you…I couldn’t even imagine a life without you.”
“I feel the same,” Emily whispered.  “It’s okay if you think it’s too soon.”
“I love you,” Andrew said he as squeezed Emily tightly and kissed her soft lips.
“I love you, too, Andrew,” Emily said in return.
Outside the window a flash of thunder illuminated the room.  The rain came down harder, almost muting out the quiet song of “Dreams” playing on the CD player.  
“Would you make love to me?” Emily asked as she reached down and pulled her nightgown over her head and tossed it to the side.  
Andrew swallowed hard seeing exposed body was illuminated by the soft light.  His eyes traced over her perfect form against the bed.  
“If you would have me,” Andrew said as he allowed Emily to pull down his shorts.
His heart raced as he soon found himself on top of her—and then inside of her.  All the while his mind raced with thoughts that this could not possibly be happening.  With each moment that passed, as they were connected, he never felt such closeness like this to anyone in his entire life. The waves of intense pleasure and joy filled him as she moaned out in hushed reply.  The moment passed.  The rain continued on.  The thunder growled once so distantly that it barely registered in their minds.
“Was that okay?” Andrew asked, instantly feeling stupid for asking.  
“That was perfect,” Emily whispered as she drew in Andrew for another long kiss.
“I am sorry I ask stupid questions,” Andrew said as he held her tightly.  
“Don’t ever change, Andrew.”
“I will do my best,” Andrew said as he nodded.  
They made love a few more times before the urges finally subsided, along with the rain and its storm.  They slept naked in each other’s arms—each refusing to let the other go and each feeling if this connection was lost, one might slip away into the abyss of the night completely.
Morning came to a sunny sky and the sounds of birds chirping.  Andrew and Emily dressed, watching each other with nervous excited laughter.  In the kitchen, they ate a few muffins that Emily had skillfully baked and joked around, shoving bits of muffin into each other’s face like children.  
Emily’s wristwatch alarm went off when it hit eleven a.m.
“Are you ready to head home?”  
“No,” Andrew said as he placed his arms around Emily.  “But I don’t want you to get in trouble.”
“Would you like to come out with me tomorrow night and see the fireflies before we have another exciting week of school?” Emily asked as she squeezed Andrew tightly against her.
“I would,” Andrew answered.  “Must I wait so long to see you again?”
“My parents have already made dinner plans for us for tonight. Then in the afternoon tomorrow, they’re forcing me to go shopping with them.  I wish I were with you instead.  Believe me, the places they shop at….”
“So I would be the lesser of two evils,” Andrew replied with a laugh.
“Only in this one instance,” Emily jokingly said as she playfully pushed Andrew away.  
“Now let’s get you home before you get the both of us grounded.”
Andrew went through his day back at his house as though he was in a stupor.  For the remainder of the day he laid in bed, remembering everything that had transpired the night before.   He memorized every single word that was spoken and recalled every minute they had spent together.
During dinner when asked how the sleep over went, a question posed by his mother, Andrew had to stifle an urge to say Really well.
That night Andrew felt a sense of contentment that he had not experienced yet in life.  He had spent most of the day doing basically nothing other than thinking of her.  As it grew late into the night, Andrew was half-asleep when the phone rang beside his pillow.
“Hello?”
“It’s just me,” Emily whispered.  “I’m sorry for calling so late.”
“I don’t mind at all,” Andrew said as he rubbed his eyes and looked at the clock that read it was a bit past eleven.
“I just wanted to hear your voice,” Emily said as she giggled nervously.  “Silly, I know…I just wanted you to know that I thought about you all day.”
“I did the same; I didn’t do much else at all.”
“My parents think I’m on drugs, the way I was half there all day,” Emily whispered as she stifled a bit of laughter.
“My parents just thought I was either sick or bored,” Andrew added.  “They actually left me alone.”
“Well, I ought to get off.  If they find out I’m on the phone past eleven my dad will pitch a grade “A” shit-fit,” Emily quietly said as a serious tone came into her voice.  “Do you still feel the same way you did last night?”
“Of course I do,” Andrew replied.  “Aren’t I the one supposed to be all…questioning things and worried?”
“I just wanted to hear you say it,” Emily said simply.  “Thank you.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow?”
“Of course, my favorite spot, I’ll be there at dusk to pick you up—goodnight, Andrew,” Emily finished.
“Goodnight, Emily,” Andrew said as the line went silent.
The following evening Andrew and Emily sat upon the hood of Emily’s small compact Ford.  As night fell like it had so many days before, the fireflies returned in force.  
“It’s the rainfall from last night,” Emily said as she marveled at the sight.  “The humidity attracts them.”
“It’s beautiful,” Andrew said as he looked more to Emily than the fireflies.
Oh, come on.”  Emily blushed as she playfully pushed Andrew, nearly causing him to fall from the car.  She then placed her arm around him and kissed him sloppily on the cheek.  “Share this moment with me.”
“Happily,” Andrew replied as they sat in silence as the sun disappeared beyond the tree line.  Soon darkness was all around them.  
The fireflies continued their display long into the night, coming so close that one landed on Emily’s hand.  She held it out in front of her and Andrew as it glowed in its quiet brilliance.  It flashed a few more times before flying away to join the others.
“Do you think that happened by chance?” Emily asked, seeming more introspective tonight than normal.  “Or do you think it was fate?”
“I don’t know; perhaps it just found you attractive,” Andrew said with a smile.
“Do you think that we have a future?”
“I couldn’t imagine one without you,” Andrew answered seriously as he placed an arm around Emily and drew her closer to him as a cool misty breeze rolled in.  “Do you think you’ll ever grow annoyed of me like others have in the past?”
“Never….  I mean, I know it sounds foolish to say.  I don’t know why people grow apart, or fall out of love.  I don’t understand it.  However, I don’t feel like I have to worry about that with you for some reason,” Emily whispered as she kissed Andrew beneath his ear.  “Am I foolish?”
“Not at all,” Andrew said as he kissed Emily.  
“Good.”
“I feel like I’ve known you for years, you make me happy…you make me laugh,” Andrew said.
“I do love you.  My parents will probably hate you.  I don’t care.  You will have to meet them soon, though.  Are you okay with that?”
“I am, and I do love you, too.  My parents will probably love you.”
“Is it because they think you’re gay?” Emily asked with a sharp laugh.
“Probably,” Andrew replied with a hearty chuckle.
“It’s getting late,” Emily said sadly as she checked the watch on her slender wrist.
“Do we have to leave?” 
“School tomorrow, I’m afraid so,” Emily added as she jumped off the car’s hood.
“Let’s skip it.  Go to the zoo or something,” Andrew said as he followed suit.
Emily laughed, “I’d love to, but my parents are nowhere near as forgiving as yours.  If you want to see me at all in the next few weeks that’s probably a bad idea unless you want to wait until I’m eighteen.
“School is good, too,” Andrew said as he held on to Emily one last time and their lips met in the night as the fireflies surrounded them.
As Emily dropped off Andrew at his house she reached over and gave him one last kiss that day.  
“I love you.”
“I love you too, Emily,” Andrew said as he smiled.  For a moment, he lost himself in that beautiful, delicate face which he had grown to be so fond of—the same face that came to his mind every waking moment and haunted his dreams at night.
“See you in the morning—goodnight.”
“Goodnight.  Tomorrow, then,” Andrew said as he exited the car and began to walk toward his door.  He looked back once more and waved.  However, it was too dark to see if Emily waved back as her car disappeared into the night.
Andrew went up to his bedroom and rested on his back in his bed with his arms folded beneath his head.  He thought of Emily for many more moments before sleep came to him.  
The next day Andrew arrived at school at the exact usual time.  He was happy.  He made his way into the building and began to walk through the halls to his locker.  All around him seemed to be a buzz of hushed activity.  The school felt somehow different, changed.  He shook this idea off as paranoia as he arrived at his locker.  To his surprise, Emily was absent.  He opened up the combination lock and shoved his backpack into the locker, grabbing his biology-prep book and a notebook and pencil.  As he shut the door he saw two girls pointing at him and talking quietly.  It was then that he noticed everyone else was talking very quietly too.  It began to make him feel all the more anxious and unsettled.  He looked around nervously at people, whom he barely knew, and felt their attentions fixed upon him as though he was some kind of sideshow attraction.  He began to walk past them when his friend John, came to him.  
“I’m really sorry to hear about what happened to Emily,” he said as he placed a hand on Andrew’s shoulder.
Andrew quickly shrugged off the gesture, pushing his hand away and looking terribly confused.  “What’s happened?”
“You don’t know?” John asked as a horrified look washed over his face.
“Something happened to Emily?”
“I can’t, man…,” John said as he backed away and quickly sped off.
“What’s happened!” Andrew shouted.
His demands were only met with silence as people began to sulk away like ghosts until he found himself in the hallway alone.  He punched his locker—denting the metal slightly and causing his knuckles to bleed.
“Someone tell me what the fuck is going on!”
The Principal, Mr. Thompson, rounded the corner and placed an arm around Andrew.  
“Please come to the office and sit with me for a moment.”
“What did I do?” Andrew asked, his first thought going to the fact that he had done something wrong.  Perhaps Emily’s parents had found out about what they had done while they were away.
“Just please—a moment,” Mr. Thompson said as he escorted Andrew into the office.
“Please sit….”
Andrew obliged.  He could feel his hands trembling as he wondered what kind of trouble he had caused.
“You were close with Emily Jones, right?”
“Were close?”
“She passed away last night,” Mr. Thompson calmly said as he folded his hands against the desk, “I know this is hard for you and I want you to know that we have excellent counselors available at our disposal.”
“What…no.  I just.  I was with her last night.  You’re joking.  Right?  I’m not the best person, I know; I do a lot of dumb shit, but this is just…cruel,” Andrew said as he shook his head and began to get up from the seat.
“Please…Andrew.  Sit.”
“Are you fucking serious?”
“Sit.”
Andrew sat.  He fidgeted with his hands nervously and avoided all eye contact with Mr. Thompson.
“You are not a bad person, Andrew, you are not being punished.  However, it is the unfortunate, sad truth.”
“How did she die?”
“There’s no need to go into details right now,” Mr. Thompson calmly said as he attempted to maintain an air of countenance to counteract the dire sadness of the situation.
“Tell me.”
Mr. Thompson let out a heavy sigh as he shook his head in disappointment as well as disagreement.  He would not comply.  
“Tell me or I leave right now.”
“They’re not completely sure what happened.  She was headed home and somehow ended up off the road and hit a telephone pole head-on going very fast.  She was killed instantly.  There was no pain, so I’ve been told,” Mr. Thompson began.
“Where?”
“Right off of the corner of Bur Oak Drive and Route 4,” Mr. Thompson replied.
Andrew bolted up from his seat and dashed from the office.
“Andrew!” Mr. Thompson fruitlessly shouted as he attempted to catch up to the vastly faster teen.
Despite the two-mile run to the accident site, Andrew never stopped.  His lungs burned and his legs threatened to give way, but he pushed on despite the agony.  Sweat poured down his face from the summer heat, soaking his black T-shirt.  
Finally, he collapsed upon the rough surface, scratching his bare knees against the rough road upon the corner of Bur Oak Drive and Route 4.  Off in the distance, he could make out the tree line where Emily’s house resided.  He thought to check there, but the proof he required was right in front of him.  A large wooden beam was splintered and fractured in many places, all smeared with the familiar yellow paint of Emily’s car.  There were odd pieces strewn about, bits of metal.  
Andrew walked to the beam and placed his hand upon it.  He then began to punch the pole in frustration and collapsed to the ground and began to cry.  After many moments, Andrew got to his feet.  He began to walk, walking from memory, as his mind was in a complete state of shock.
Hours passed and he finally arrived to the spot in the field where he and Emily had sat against the hood of her car twice before.  He collapsed to the ground in exhaustion and allowed his mind to be filled with disbelief.  Perhaps, she was not really gone.  Perhaps, Mr. Thompson had not gotten all of the information.  He imagined a million scenarios where she lived or was in the hospital somewhere getting fixed up.  There was no room in his mind for thoughts that he would never see her again.  That she was gone—lost to him, forever.
As darkness finally came, Andrew got to his feet, shuffling along like some sort of zombie.  He looked to the fireflies as he stood at the same spot he stood the night before.  Only that time, Emily had been with him.  This time she was nowhere to be found and Andrew could not grasp his mind around that simple, yet terrifyingly profound concept.
“Emily!” Andrew shouted in the darkness as he stumbled about the ground.
“Emily!  Where are you?”
Andrew wipes away a tear from his eye as he slowly gets out of bed.  He did not mean for his memory to progress as far as it did.  
“I guess no matter how much time passes, it’s never enough,” Andrew says to himself as he makes his way to the bathroom.  Today is beginning to feel like a two-Xanax day.
After swallowing the pills, Andrew returns to his bed and checks the phone.  To his surprise he has a missed message from Anna.  It simply says I am sorry, I could not do it.  I couldn’t come.
Andrew quickly texts back Please give me a chance, I just need to talk to you.  Please don’t disappear from my life.
He looks at the old antique clock on the red wall and notices that it is already after five.  Has he spent the entire day lost in the memory?  Andrew walks over to his bookshelf and begins to rummage through a stack of old books until he finally comes upon his high school junior year class book.  He flips the book open to the first page and sees Emily’s face once more.  Beneath the words “In Remembrance of” lies a photo of Emily resting her arm against the edge of a desk, her hand in her hair.  She is smiling happily, a smile that Andrew remembers well.  She is wearing the grey-hooded sweatshirt she wore the first day they met.  Andrew begins to cry once more as he throws the book down to the ground.  He cannot quite grasp why he even thought that this was a good idea in the first place. 
Andrew begins to pace around the room as the low rumble from the heating vents kick on.  The day is growing dark.  Andrew dislikes the darkness as it reminds him of his loneliness.  Phone in hand, he rummages through the fridge, searching for something to eat despite the fact that does not feel like eating at all.  His stomach is sick with worry that Anna will not answer back and will not give him that second chance for which he so desperately yearns.  He contemplates sending more messages or even leaving the apartment to go to her, however, the thought of doing either fills him with such dread that he cannot summon the courage to do so.
The clock ticks the hours away as Andrew can no longer bear the sound of it.  He goes over to the wall and stops time—not literally; the notion of being able to do so would only bring him more pain, freezing him forever in this moment of total anxious sadness.  The clock, which has been in motion since he first moved in is now silent, its pendulum fixed and locked away and its hands stuck at exactly 10:50 p.m.
The only sound left in the apartment is the dull hum of electricity from the refrigerator and the low growl of heat from the iron floor vents. Unsettled by this newfound silence, Andrew loads up his computer and clicks on his playlist and sets it to randomly play.  He laughs at the irony as Todd Carey’s “Where Are You tonight?” plays over the speakers.  As the opening line—Where are you tonight? /Are you in someone else’s arms?—begins, he worriedly thinks to Anna once more.  What if she has truly moved on and has found someone else?  Perhaps, it was not her insecurities and issues that led to their eventual separation but Andrew’s vast shortcomings and anxiety.  
Andrew shakes the thought free of his mind.  After all, she said that she could not be with anyone, not after her boyfriend of so many years had left her.  Still, the idea that perhaps she has found someone new solidifies in his head and torments him further, though he has no proof that the idea has even the slightest validity.
As the song nears its climax and the line— have you really moved on? Is my ghost really gone? “—plays, Andrew begins to feel as though he has been nothing more than a ghost over the past few weeks haunting his apartment.  Living an existence in isolation save for the occasional message from Anna which he eagerly awaits as the only sign of hope as he becomes hopelessly lost in a world comprised of living only in memories and spending very little time in the present. 
Andrew decides that the night is turning into a three Xanax experience as he makes his way to the medicine cabinet in the bathroom.  He knows that this increased amount in one day is not beneficial.   Because in the near, swiftly approaching future, he may possibly be completely removed from its protection, once the last pill has been consumed and void from his system.  He knows that the anxiety and withdrawals will return with such fierce intensity that he will be unable to cope with life.  A self-destructive part of him counts on it.  He almost welcomes the pain as though he is deserving of it.  After some time passes he feels extremely tired; however, it is a good, dull, and emotionless state.  He lies in his bed listening to The National’s “Exile Vilify” as the lyrics ask “You've got suckers' luck/Have you given up?  Does it feel like a trial?  Does it trouble your mind the way you trouble mine?  Does it feel like a trial?  Did you fall for the same empty answers again?”
Andrew finds the lyrics, as usual, immediately relatable.  For perhaps he has given up—then again, perhaps that is another reason why Anna is no longer in his life.  He contemplates this as his mind grows fuzzy, languid.  Dreams overcome him.
Andrew and Anna returned to their sea-foam colored room at the Holiday Music Hotel in Door County after Todd Carey’s performance just after 3 a.m.  Their friendship has grown over the past nine months—still, at this point it is just that and nothing more: a mere friendship.  
“Did you enjoy the show?” Anna asked as she crawled into her single bed.  
“I did,” Andrew replied as he slipped into his own separate bed right next to Anna.  “Thank you for introducing me to the music—and driving here, of course.”
“Thank you for getting him to sign the T-shirt,” Anna said with a smile.  “I’ve never been good about going up to people I don’t know.  I mean, I’ve been a TC fan since I lived down in Chicago, but I’ve always felt awkward just going up to people and talking to them.  My ex…he always used to handle that kind of thing.”
“It was no problem,” Andrew said as he stared up at the oatmeal-like white ceiling.  There had been a lot on his mind over the past few months.  Still, he hid it away out of both fear and the knowledge that he cannot change the current situation.
“Do you think you’ll ever drive again?” Anna asked as she turned onto her side to face Andrew. 
“I…I honestly don’t know,” Andrew replied as he looked away to the window, to the sound of distant fireworks.  He reminisced back to a similar night with the sound of thunder.  
“You should,” Anna added, nodding with her head in her hand, her elbow propped on a pillow.  “I mean, once you feel that you’re ready to.  I understand about the whole dying thing, but that was an accident.”
“Are we having a serious talk?” Andrew asked as he chuckled at the thought.  For the most part, their conversations that night had been comprised of dildo-armed panda bears and how futile they’d be in a fight, though still quite threatening.
“I suppose so,” Anna said as she looked saddened for a moment.
“Then can I ask you something?” Andrew said as he turns to face Anna once more.  For a moment, he loses himself in those familiar features.  A face that he has slowly come to realize reminds him of Emily so long ago.
“Possibly,” Anna replied with some apprehension.  She usually tends to change the subject if things got too serious, or too personal.  
“Do you think it hurts more to be in love for a short time, and lose someone or to be with someone since you were young and lose them, but they’re still here in a sense….” 
“I honestly don’t know.”
“Would you take him back if he came back?” Andrew asked.
“No, not ever,” Anna began, “I relied on him too much.  I loved him and he took that and just left one day without a reason.  After he left, all I was left with was just… depression and my anxiety—which got so much worse.  I should have never relied on him so much.  Maybe that’s why he left.  We couldn’t do normal things.  Had the concert not been in such a small venue I doubt I could have even done this….  It just makes me feel so broken.  This is the first time I’ve even left the area since then.  Since we broke up….”
“You remind me of her…,” Andrew whispered, instantly regretting saying such a foolish thing.
“How so?”   
“You are both kind, and you both make me laugh.  You are so accepting of who I am as a person despite all of my obvious faults that I…I just haven’t been afforded that kind of kindness in a very, very long time,” Andrew said, feeling extremely nervous and anxious.  Talking about his feelings made him uncomfortable, especially knowing that Anna probably did not feel the same.  After all, she had made it quite clear before that Andrew should not expect anything from this—still, there was part of him that could just not accept this.  With all their similarities and their shared sense of humor, there had to be something more.  Or perhaps he just needed something more to come out of this.  
“People are assholes,” Anna said as she collapsed onto the bed and faced the dim yellow ceiling lamp that hung from the center of the room.  “People just don’t understand people like us.  They don’t realize we hide behind our humor because we’re damaged on the inside and that’s all we have left.  People don’t realize what it is to have a panic attack or be depressed—they just expect us to get over it, like you said before.”
“Would you…,” Andrew began and then paused.  Was he really ready to do this?  Really willing to take a leap and risk ruining a friendship?
“Drive you home?  Of course.  I just can’t leave you stranded here.  You’ll get molested violently by all of the seagulls.  I know they look quite the harmless sort, but they’ve got vicious psychosexual tendencies,” Anna interjected as she feigned laughter.  
“Are we done being serious?” Andrew asked.
“Seagulls are very serious business.” 
“It has been almost nine months since we met, I just want to know—would you ever consider us…consider me…more than just a friend?” Andrew asked, finally releasing the frustration that had been on his mind for many months.  It was as though he was standing atop the edge of a cliff, finally making that leap—knowing that it was a leap into doomed territory.
“Don’t…,” Anna quietly said as she turned away and curled up into a ball against the bed.
“I’m sorry I asked,” Andrew said as he got up and sat at the edge of the bed.  He wanted to comfort Anna, to put his arms around her, but he knew better.
“Don’t be sorry.  If that’s how you feel, then you should be able to say it.”
“You don’t feel the same, though,” Andrew said sadly as he removed the bottle of Xanax from his pocket and placed a pill on his tongue, letting it dissolve.  He could not quite fully understand why he felt the need to do this, to push her when he knew that she was still troubled.  
“I…I don’t know,” Anna whispered in a barely audible voice.  “I know that you want an answer but I don’t have one.  I am not okay with myself at all.  I don’t even like myself and I don’t think that I could like anyone without having some self-esteem.  I think you’re the same way, too.  We both need to figure things out first before we can think about that.”
“I just want to know if we have a future,” Andrew said, sitting against the bed as rogue fireworks boomed outside the window.
“I don’t want to rely on someone again.  It just leads to getting hurt.”
“I won’t hurt you.”
“You don’t know that for sure.  People just change.  People change all the time.  I expected that me and my ex would get married.  It seemed like the logical conclusion, the next step.  Still, he left without any consideration for how I felt.  He left me for someone else—someone who wasn’t broken.”
“You’re not broken.  Everyone is afraid of being hurt,” Andrew said, practically pleading.  Normally, he would have backed off, but things had come to a boiling point because of his declaration of love for her. Besides, his feelings for Anna were equally as strong as those he had with Emily.  It had been a long time coming.  It was not just that she reminded him so much of Emily, but Anna was someone he could see himself having a future with.
“I know what you want,” Anna said as she looked to Andrew with tears in her eyes, “I just can’t give it to you.  I can’t give you an answer.  I’m sorry.  I just don’t know how I feel.   I wish I could answer you.”
Andrew got up from his bed.  He began to walk toward the door, looking back to Anna, who was still visibly upset.  
“It was stupid of me to bring it up, to think that you could like someone like me.  I am sorry that I said anything.  I won’t bring it up again.”
“It isn’t you.”
 “That’s the problem.”
“I didn’t mean it like that.”
“I’m going to go for a walk,” Andrew said as he reached for the door.  “Let’s just forget about it.  Do you need anything while I’m out?”
“Andy….”
“Like I said—my fault for asking; I am sorry for ruining a great evening,” Andrew said as he walked out, shutting the door behind him.  He paused for a moment outside, wanting to go back in—wanting to somehow fix the situation that he had caused.  However, his foolish sense of pride and injured self-esteem would not allow him to do so.  Instead, Andrew walked off the hotel grounds and down the street.  He walks to the lakeside where he takes a view of the steel bridge that is under construction not far from the hotel.  He stares out at the water, watching as the reflections of the city dance upon the rough surface of the lake.  
The next day the ride home began uncomfortably void of conversation.  
“I really liked the new song he played,” Andrew said, attempting to break through the uneasy silence.
“‘Begin’?”
“Yeah.”
“It was good,” Anna said as she kept her eyes fixed on the road.
“You can see the lake from here,” Andrew said as he pointed off into the distance.  “Almost looks like the ocean, doesn’t it?”
“I’ve never seen the ocean,” Anna said quietly.
“Would you like to stop?”
“I’m fine; besides, it’s not the ocean.”
Anna drove up to Andrew’s apartment building and shifted the car into park.  He got his backpack from the backseat and smiled at Anna as she smiled back.  
“Are we good…in the hood?” Andrew asked, partially joking, but more needing a serious answer.
“Of course, dawg,” Anna replied with another smile.
“I’m sorry again,” Andrew added.
“I’m sorry as well,” Anna whispered as she nodded.  
“Will I see you tomorrow?”  
“We’ve always got the bus,” Anna said as she let out a small laugh.
  The next day, Andrew caught the early morning bus headed to work.  As the bus came to stop at Anna’s usual pickup, she was nowhere to be seen.  Andrew worried for a moment that something might have happened to her.  After all, it wouldn’t be the first time.
Where are you? Is everything ok? Andrew texted.  He rode the morning bus all the way to work, yet there was no reply.  It wasn’t until he was home, exhausted from another day at work, that he got a simple message back: Sorry woke up late, drove in.
The next day, the same thing happened— no Anna.  Then, the days stretched on into weeks, a month, and then finally two complete months had passed since he last saw her.  He sent messages, always wondering if she was all right and constantly apologizing for the divide he had caused between them, usually getting back one word responses like I’m fine or Don’t worry about me. 
Finally, one night, unexpectedly, she showed up at his apartment with dinner.
Andrew remembers the surprise as he opened up the door and saw her smiling face in his life once more.  He fought back an extreme urge to hug her.  
“I got Chinese,” Anna said as she held up two large paper bags.  “Kind of a peace offering, I suppose.  This place is really good I hear; they only use fifty-percent cat.”
“Where have you been?” Andrew asked, grateful to see Anna again, but still very upset that she had stonewalled him for a two full months.
“I’ve been seeing a new counselor.  She said that I needed to take some time for myself and kind of fix things.  I’m sorry I kind of flaked out on you.  I just had to clear my head,” Anna said as she put the bags on Andrew’s table.
She looked over to the trash, seeing its contents overflowing.  
“What is this?” Anna asked as she pulled a drawing from the garbage.  “Why would you throw this away?”
“I just wasn’t feeling it anymore,” Andrew said as he sat down against the table and buried his face in his hands.  “I think I’m done with art.”
“That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard,” Anna said as she threw her hands up in the air.  She began to pull out crumpled drawings from the trash that once adorned the walls of Andrew’s apartment.  She rolled them up and shoved them into her purse.  “These never belong in the trash.”
“I didn’t think you cared.”
“Didn’t think I cared…,” Anna whispered.  “In all the time we’ve been friends, have I ever led you to believe that I didn’t care?  The truth is I care too much.”
“Just not in that way, right?” Andrew spitefully added.
“Look…I’m sorry I haven’t been around in two months.  The truth is that I felt too uncomfortable about what happened.  You were starting to rely on me too much.  I couldn’t…I’m not strong enough for the both of us,” Anna said as she shook her head and bit her lip in frustration.
“You look like you’re doing well,” Andrew said as he smiled.  “Thank you for the food, and for coming back.”
“You look like hell, Andy,” Anna said as she looked around the apartment, noticing that he hadn’t cleaned it in weeks.  “What have you been doing?  Are you all right?”
“I don’t take my meds as often as I am supposed to.  I don’t feel like eating much.  I quit my job and I quit drawing,” Andrew said as he rested his hands against the table and let out a sigh.
“I can’t…I can’t be here,” Anna said as she turned away from Andrew and began to head for the door without her purse.
“I love you,” Andrew said as he placed a hand on Anna’s shoulder.  “I… can’t do anything without you.”
“I can’t…I really,” Anna whispered as she brushed away Andrew’s hand from her back.  “I can’t get better around someone who has given up.  I can’t be okay with myself with someone who causes me even more depression….  I’m sorry.  I wish I could.”
“Don’t you even care about me at all?  Not even a little?  Was I just here to make you laugh, and make you feel better about yourself?  Why can’t you just…”
“Just what?”
“Change.”
“Just change,” Anna said angrily as she picked up her purse from the table.  “Of course…why can’t I just change and be a normal person.  Just like that.  I don’t know why I never thought of doing that in the first place.  I am so fucking sorry, Andrew.  I am so fucking sorry that I am so selfish that I could not flip that switch and change and be a complete person for you.  I guess I should have just ‘gotten over it.’”
“I’m sorry.  I wish you could.”
“You’re not sorry.  Just get over it, just change is something we’ve always been told.  Never something we were meant to tell each other,” Anna said as she stormed out of the kitchen and headed toward the door.
“I am sorry.…”
“If that’s how you feel, then that is how you feel.  You can’t help it.”
Another cold morning, Andrew gets out of bed feeling slightly hung over from the triple dose of Xanax the day before.  To counteract the terrible feelings, he heads to the bathroom and takes another one of his pills to subdue the anxiety that has awoken him from his vivid dream of Anna.  He notices that he is now down to a mere four pills.  There should be more; however, he kept such poor track of his intake of Xanax, that he cannot even remember if that should be a correct number or not.  He searches around the sink to see if he has dropped any, but cannot locate any strays.  It has been a full month since he has last actually seen Anna.  He begins to realize that the likelihood of seeing her is nearing impossible.  He has made a mistake that he cannot take back.  No amount of apologies or worried texts will bring her back—no more than it will bring Emily Jones back from the grave.
As Andrew remembers the dream the night before of his final memory of Anna, he finds himself chuckling, perhaps out of madness, regarding the joke about the Chinese restaurant— “Fifty-percent less cat.”  If there is one important thing that he misses in the absence of Anna, it is the familiarity of her sense of off-beat humor.  He remembers his reception her of “peace offering”.  As the words that he had spoken to her in that last face-to-face moment sink into his mind, he begins to realize what a horrible train-wreck of a mistake he has made.  He realizes how foolish he has been. He prompts himself at the edge of the bed and buries his face in his hands.
After a few moments of self-pity, Andrew gets up and heads for his bookshelf.  He pulls out the familiar old yearbook that bares the eulogy and the only photo he has of Emily Jones.  He thumbs open the page and smiles as her face smiles back at him.  He does not know why he does this to himself; perhaps it is an attempt at punishment.  Despite the many relationships in his life, he has been graced with, only two could he honestly consider “true love.”  One love was taken from him and the other he pushed away with his selfish need to have things work his way or not at all.  Andrew runs his fingertips over Emily’s photo one last time as he closes the book and tosses it into a waste bin.  It lands open, its pages splayed, a note falling out.  Andrew reaches down and retrieves the folded, brown, age-stained piece of lined notebook paper.
On the paper, there is a drawing of a stickperson with a very large erection and impossibly large testicles.  Written across the top is Don’t ever change, Andrew—love, Emily.  
“Don’t ever change…,” Andrew repeats as a feeling of complete disgrace overwhelms him and he begins to cry.  He crumples the note into his pocket as the truth of the situation comes upon him like a deluge of cold water.  He looks to the antique clock on the wall, but then remembers that he has stopped time.  Andrew goes to the window, noticing that the sky is dull and grey.  Flakes of white snow are falling down from the sky—winter has truly come early again this year.  Finally, he powers on his laptop, seeing that the time is already nearly three p.m.  Did he really sleep so long?  It did not feel that long.  He searches for his phone, finding it buried beneath his pillow.  He flips the phone open, noticing that the battery icon is flashing—power’s low.  He quickly dials Anna’s phone number and, per usual, it rings twice and goes directly to her voicemail.
“Anna, I…I really am sorry.  I understand something now that I didn’t earlier.  Emily taught me something very important when I was young, and that was to never change who I was because of other’s expectations.  I followed that the best I can, but now I realize…I never gave you the same consideration.  I expected you to change for me, to just push past what you’d been through and accept a relationship under my terms when you were not ready to do so.  I am so sorry for that.  I should have been more understanding.  I should have never tried to change you—you were perfect in your own way.  You made me laugh, and I realize now that you did care.  I know that you were afraid, and I pushed you past the point of what you were comfortable with because I was selfish.  I know you tried to do what was best for you by seeking help. After which, you came back to me and I pushed you away because I had given up on myself. I understand now.  I know it is too late.  I just wanted you to know that I finally understand.  I won’t call again.  I have caused you enough pain as it is and I completely do not blame you at all for leaving that day.  Thank you for…everything.  If I could take back telling you that you needed to change, then I would in a heartbeat, however, I will always love you, Anna.  Don’t ever change….  Goodbye,” Andrew says as his voice cracks and he tosses the cell phone into the waste bin next to the yearbook.  
Andrew paces about his apartment nervously.  He knows now that he has to leave.  He has spent enough time in the purgatory of his apartment, trapped away from the outside world.  He knows that there is nothing past the door to Red Manor Apartments that awaits him; he has no reason to leave.  However, as he puts on his heavy black jacket and slides his Walkman MP3 player into his jeans, he comes to the realization that he has no plans to return here.  Not to this place of sadness and memories.  He goes over to the blank spot on the wall and hangs Anna’s picture back up, covering the patch of grey against the red wallpaper.  
“Another life, perhaps,” Andrew says as he touches the cold glass of the photo frame.  
Andrew stops outside the bathroom and looks to the mirror, most intently at its contents behind the mirrored door.  He thinks to take the remaining Xanax with him; but at this point, he no longer cares.  In a way, this is an ending.  He does not yet know how things will end, but he knows that the waiting for him will soon be over.  Although he did not receive a kind wish of love, opportunity, or a chance to feel alive again, all of which he has been longing for, he knows that there is at least one thing that we all await that lies out there in the cold.  Despite the grimness of this realization, it gives him a small amount of comfort.  Finally, his pain will be gone and whatever comes after that could be no worse than his mock existence here in this red-walled apartment.
Andrew gives his apartment one final look from the door.  He descends the spiral staircase down to the first floor.  He takes a deep breath as he pulls open the large arched white doorway ahead of him and steps out into the street lined with oak trees.  He begins to walk, his pace almost a light sprint.  He takes no notice of the life that surrounds him—people on their way home from work, cars passing by.  The snowflakes falling from the sky grow thick and sting as they come to touch his bare cheeks.  His nose grows red and his breath escapes his lips in wispy tendrils.  He walks on, never slowing his pace despite the burning sensation in his chest and legs.  
The buildings and busy roads slowly give way to countryside.  The sidewalk ends and he finds himself walking on the side of the unlined road. A fine layer of snow covers the ground and has piled onto the branches of trees that still desperately cling to their autumn leaves.  Andrew has not been out this way in such a long time, not since he was a teen.  It takes him hours to reach his destination as nightfall comes to greet him.
Andrew stands on the side of the road—before him is a field, and off from that field is a small patch of trees off in the distance.  The field glows a faint orange from the reflection of the city lights and the thick clouds overhead.  
“I’m here, Emily,” Andrew whispers as he awaits the impossible.  He sits against the cold ground and rubs his bare hands together for warmth.  It grows later and later and nothing comes.  After all, to expect either Emily or the fireflies is a foolish notion of someone who has lost all hope and notion of reality.  Andrew shakes his head as he feels the anxiety growing from deep within him.  Part of him feels as though he should run home and medicate himself.  The other part knows the truth: He has come here to die—in a manner of his own choosing, on his own terms, and at the last place he shared a memorable moment with Emily Jones.  He believes the combination of the cold, the lack of food, and the anxiety from withdrawal will not allow him to survive the night.  
It is past midnight as Andrew sits, still as a stone and, for once, not lost in thought.  His mind is a blank canvas.  His eyes focus off into the tree line as he sees something flash between the treetops.  Perhaps he is hallucinating.  Still, curiosity draws him in like a moth to the flame.  He gets to his feet and coaxes his sore muscles to perform the function of walking through the snow-covered field.  He covers the distance and finds himself in a thick forest of tall bur oak trees.  All about him are the spent leaves from fall; there is no sign of the brilliant flash of light he is sure that he saw earlier.  Instead he is left only with the darkness and the sound of soft leaves rustling in the wind.  He props himself up against a tree as he lets his exhausted legs rest.  His body cries out in protest from the exhaustion.  His mind races with thoughts of madness as though the anxiety kept at bay has been completely released.  He thinks to reach for his cell and dial 911 so that he may be rescued, but realizes that he tossed his phone.  There is no way back; he is far too tired to even attempt such a feat.
He rests his head against the cold, rough surface of the tree bark behind his head and allows himself to drift away—for what Andrew assumes may even be the last time.  He is so tired, so worn, that, despite his anxiety, he finally just lets himself go.  Blackness overcomes him; he can feel his body shivering in the cold but is far too weak to do anything about it.  A dreamless sleep begins.  He is at least thankful that his final dream will be of neither Emily nor Anna, yet an unsettling void, an abyss.
Andrew is roused by the crunching sound of footfalls upon the fallen autumn leaves.  He painfully opens his eyes and spots a white doe walking near him--so closely and slowly that he could reach out and touch it.  The creature is so beautiful. He wonders if he has passed on to some other place, but the pain in his body roots him back into reality.  
Andrew looks off to the distance as he hears another sound.  There is someone else in the forest with him.  He makes out the image of a man perched behind a tree dressed in tan camouflage.  The man steadies a hunting rifle in his gloved hands.  The hunter is taking aim at the white doe that stands beside him on the other side of the tree.  
Andrew jumps to his feet and rushes to startle the doe away from the hunter’s aim—instead he finds himself in the line of fire as he takes a bullet to his side.  His body erupts in pain as blood shoots forth, staining the white doe in brilliant red spatters.  
The hunter sprints toward Andrew.
“What…?” the hunter mumbles in shock as he drops the gun.  Confused and bewildered by the situation he mutters only one shaky word:  “Why?”
“Why not…,” Andrew whispers as his body screams out in pain and he attempts to place a hand to the wound.
Without a reply, the hunter rushes off and disappears from view.  
Thinking that he is now alone Andrew is shocked to find a young teen beside him, staring at his wound as though both confused and deeply concerned.  Although Andrew’s vision is hazy he can barely make out her features of dark hair and familiar green eyes.  There is blood staining her face and white dress.
 “Are you an angel?” Andrew asks, looking to his blood-covered hands as the pain eases — he figures it must be the shock.
“I am not…,” the girl says as she places a hand to Andrew’s forehead.
“Emily?” Andrew asks, his vision growing hazy.
“Elise,” the girl replies.
“Why do all girls remind me of her,” Andrew asks as he coughs up a bit of blood.
“Why did you do that?”  
“Seemed like a shame to harm something so beautiful,” Andrew whispers as he nods off for a moment.  “I came out here to die anyway.  At least…I’ve made a difference in some small way.  I suppose.”
“Why do you want to die?”
“I can’t seem to figure out a future that has me in it.”  Andrew chuckles and then instantly regrets it as he doubles over in pain.  “There is no point.  I am not needed here anymore.”
“You have a very short amount of time,” the mysterious girl, Elise, says as she pulls a red book from behind her back and places it in Andrew’s bloody hand.  She then pulls out a silver pen and places it in his other.
“I leave everything to you,” Andrew whispers with a painful half smile as he fumbles with the book, the title of which reads The White Stag.
 “This is not a will….  Write down whatever you wish in this book and it will come true—a reward for your sacrifice.”
“Anything?”
“Anything you desire; I owe you that for your act of unselfish kindness.”
“So you are…were…the white doe?”
“Please,” Elise adds as she presses Andrew’s hand to the paper.
Andrew scrawls out in terrible, anguished writing.  I wish her happiness… I wish her love.
“Who do you wish this for?”
“Anna.”
“Do you not wish anything for yourself?” Elise asks as she holds Andrew’s hand to the paper.
He can only think of one last thing he would like to see before he dies so he scribbles down I want to see fireflies again, with Emily.
“And that is all?”
“Yep.”
“Do you not wish to be saved?”
“Not particularly,” Andrew says as he rests his head against the ground and looks upward to the oncoming batch of new snowflakes.
“Thank you,” Elise whispers as she takes the book and pen from Andrew’s hand. 
 “Just take care of Anna, do whatever you can to make sure she is happy…”  Andrew whispers in reply.  
Andrew’s heavy eyes search out the girl but he can find no trace of her.  His hazy vision makes out the white doe once more rejoining a larger majestic, white stag, then in an instant they are both gone.   He rests his head against the leaves beneath him and closes his eyes as everything fades to black.  An eternity seems to pass in pain before that, too, disappears.
Andrew finds himself standing back at the familiar street.  The coldness and pain that surrounded him has disappeared.  He looks to the field ahead and the fireflies begin to glow one by one until thousands surround him.  Andrew smiles as he shakes his head.  He feels better than he has in years.
A short distance away, in the faint light from the full moon, Andrew can make out a familiar yellow car.  A girl is seated upon the hood looking out toward the same fireflies upon which he was transfixed.  As he walks over to the car, she smiles, her green eyes glowing in the brilliant moonlight.
“Emily?” Andrew asks.  He knows that it is her, just faced with the impossibility of the situation he does not exactly know how to react to what is going on around him.
“Andrew,” Emily replies as she pats her hand against the hood of the car.
Andrew pulls himself up nervously and looks to Emily.  He wants to put his arms around her, for he has missed her dearly.  Still, he feels that same apprehension that he felt with Anna many times before.  However, luckily, he does not need to act as she reaches over and embraces him.
“Where are we?” Andrew asks as he holds on to Emily, afraid that at any moment she might disappear.
“Our favorite spot,” Emily says with a short laugh as she kisses Andrew on the cheek.
“I’ve missed you,” Andrew whispers.
“I have missed you as well,” Emily says as she runs a hand across Andrew’s cheek.
“Are you disappointed in me?” 
“I could never be,” Emily says as she smiles happily.  “I never was, and…I will never be.”
“I’m glad,” Andrew says as he hugs Emily tightly.
“I’m sorry I never went to your funeral…I just.  I just couldn’t bring myself to go.  I always regretted that.  I never really got to properly say goodbye.  I felt like such a coward.  Do you forgive me?”
“There is nothing to forgive,” Emily says as a single tear streams down from her eye that catches the moonlight and gleams like a diamond.  “I didn’t go myself, so I don’t figure you missed out on too much.”
“Even now with the jokes?”
“Do you mind them?”
“I never did,” Andrew says as he finds that he can no longer hold back the tears.
“Don’t cry, Andrew,” Emily pleads as she hugs him tightly and kisses away the tears from his cheeks.
“What happens now?”  
“Do you trust me?”
“Of course,” Andrew says as he allows Emily to lead him away from the car by hand.
Together in silence they walk into the field.  The fireflies dance about them playfully as the warm summer breeze blows through the air, casting the lights astray.  The pair reach the forest in the distance and walk into the clearing that Andrew found himself in earlier.
In the darkness, Emily lies Andrew down against the ground next to the familiar oak tree.  She kisses him on the lips for what seems like an eternity then finally withdraws.  
“Are you leaving?” Andrew asks.  He attempts to get back up but finds himself unable to move.  It is as though he is frozen to the spot.  He wonders if he is finally passing on.
“For now—yes.”
“I love you, Emily.”
“I will always love you, Andrew.”
Andrew’s eyes force themselves shut as darkness comes once more.  Soon the warmth of summer is gone.  The fireflies are no longer visible beneath the veil of his closed eyes.  Andrew is fearful, saddened—yet grateful at the same time to whatever magic, if that is what it might be, that allowed him to have one last moment with Emily—it was more than he could have ever possibly wished for.  He allows himself to fade away, contented with what he has experienced.  Soon the fear and the sadness disappear into the infinite darkness.  Andrew begins to lose himself.  He can feel himself slipping away, like a flag being ripped away in a hurricane—a feeling that is both terrifying and exhilarating at the same time, like the first drop on a rollercoaster.  A tunnel appears—its borders like a raging thunderstorm.  Andrew flies through so quickly that he is unable to comprehend what is happening to him and suddenly, it finally all ends in an apex of brilliant white.
Then something happens that Andrew does not expect.  He opens his eyes.  His body is filled with the dull ache of pain once more.  Breathing is difficult.  He places a free hand to his face and finds a tube attached to his nose.  His mind reels as he attempts to piece together what has happened to him.  Disoriented, he stares at the IV in his wrist and the turned-off television that hangs above his bed.  The smell of medication and cleaner is full in the air.  Curled up next to him in the hospital bed and holding on tightly to his other hand is Anna—asleep.
He reaches down, careful of his IV, and runs his hand down her cheek.  She rouses slightly, and then opens her eyes.  
“Anna…,” Andrew whispers as though he is still lost in dreams.
“Don’t get any ideas; we’re not married now or anything like that,” Anna says with a smile as she reaches a hand around Andrew and hugs him tightly, careful to avoid his bandages.
“I’m just glad you’re here,” Andrew says as he holds tightly on to Anna’s hand.
“What were you thinking?”
“That I had lost you forever…I don’t know.  I was in a bad place.”
“How do you feel now?”
“Hopeful,” Andrew says as looks down to Anna.  “How do you feel about this?”
“The same.  I think that…perhaps we can go from here and just see what happens.  Who knows, maybe in three years we’ll be getting married atop a mountain somewhere as a choir of kitties sings us Rod Stewart covers.”
“Atop a mountain—you know I am afraid of heights,” Andrew added with a painful laugh.
“I never said I wasn’t going to make you work for it—so, you don’t mind the jokes?”
“I never did.  Don’t ever change.”
“All right, but you aren’t going to stand the smell of me in about three weeks or so.”
“I’m okay with that.”
Anna pulls out Andrew’s MP3 player from her pocket and hands it to him, “I got you a present…It’s kind of a re-gift.  I know you can’t live without this thing.”
Andrew places one of the ear buds in his ear and shares the other with Anna, he hits the shuffle button on the Walkman and the song begins—This is the first day/of the rest of your life. Your head was in the worst way, so you cast it aside.  Open up your window/breathe in the air.  The present is around you now/will you be there?  All you got to do is follow through, don’t you dare deny something that you’ll never know/you’re about to realize/ Don’t you know that it’s not fair to yourself to cast aside, all your never-ended dreams screaming out to come alive, to come alive.  To come alive. 
  —Todd Carey “The First Day”

It is nearly the end of December —I sit here at the writing desk in the guest room on the second floor of the Red Manor—the first door on the left on the first stop of the spiral staircase.  The red wall before me is bright and fresh and the room filled with a dull yellow light of an overhead fluorescent bulb.  Despite the fact that this is an ending, a sense of newness fills the air around me.  As I finish typing the last words of Waiting for Fireflies, I reflect back to the time when I first started to write the original idea several years ago.
“All of my best childhood memories took place in the summertime.  When I was young, summertime was an endless age that stretched on seemingly forever until I grew old enough to know how short time can actually be.  My memories of winter, however, are not as vivid as those of summer.  They were merely moments spent waiting for the next summer to arrive.
	Now that I am older, I find that I miss summertime more.  When these long winter months stretch into an eternity of endless cold days, I feel as though the warm days of outdoors walks and the smell of heat on the pavement are something that happened once, long ago, and will never happen again.  
	No more late summer sunsets and no more evenings out in the woods with the cool wind in my hair.  
	This is the world I live in now: A world of employment, a world of traffic, and a world which I do not often feel connected to.  At least…not as I should.  As I’m sitting at my desk, working a job that I have no feelings for, negative or positive, simply indifference, I find myself thinking of better days.  I remember those summer nights, the ones where it rained all day and managed to clear up just in time for darkness to set in, that fresh smell of rain still in the air, the stars overhead.  I would be out catching fireflies with my friends, placing them into small jars that would light up my room at night and carry me into my dreams.  After a few days, the fireflies would all die; but I would still remain.  Days and days would go by.  Then one morning, I would wake up and realize that summertime has passed.  As the days in my memories try to catch up to the present, I begin to understand why there are no fireflies in winter.”
As that memory passes, I realize that I, too, am waiting—just as we all are in life.  I am waiting for a moment in life that I do not know whether or not will come to me and, in the end, I hold on to hope that whatever the next day brings—it will be kind rather than cruel.  I figure that there are a few things important in life:  Love, happiness, finding beauty in the world (even when it seems like such an ugly, unkind place), and lastly hope.  May we always remember to hold on to whatever gives us any measure of comfort in life, and always attempt to keep the sadness we find at bay. 
 From my laptop case I pull out an old, tattered red book.  The cover of the book with embossed white letters reads, The White Stag.  I tear out a piece of dog-eared, stained paper from the book and place it on the writing desk beside my laptop.  Upon the paper I write:
I wish you happiness, and love.  I hope that you may find what makes you happy and you possess the courage to pursue it when you do.   Most of all, I wish you hope.
—Matthew Fish
I pack up my laptop but leave behind the old red book, the paper, and the silver pen upon the writing desk.  As I leave I flip off the light switch and shut the door behind me.  I make my way down the spiral staircase one last time and pause as I see a familiar cat contently resting upon an old, brown, musty chair in a sunbeam of brilliant light full of dancing dust.  The cat is grey and white with bright yellow eyes; it is wearing a red collar with a silver nametag that simply reads “Sam.”   Sam lets out a short meow as it stretches its paws out and tears into the already frayed fabric of the chair.  I run my hand against the feline’s head as it returns the gesture by rubbing its face against my palm.  
Thank you for your hospitality,” I say as I head off towards the large white doors, looking back to this version of Red Manor’s caretaker.  I place a hand upon the doorknob, reluctant to leave, however I feel I am now ready to find out what awaits for me beyond Red Manor.

This is the story of Sam, who cares for nothing at all—for everything she thinks is real, is not really real at all.  There is nothing past the path outside the door, no world, no life, no greater meaning.  
I often wonder what is ultimately important in this life.  I think it is not material things, or money, or being good at something that matters to a few, and not many, or even many save for those few.  I do not believe it is hard work, despite everything my mother taught me growing up.  I think; it is simply to exist.  To have experiences, both good and bad.  To see as many beautiful places that you can.  Who, in the end, lives more?  The man who works eleven hours a day at a job he hates to afford the prison he lives in and buries himself under obligations and finance?  Or the homeless man who wanders the highway, hungry and broke, yet sees the morning sun on the mountains in the distance, and feels the rough rock beneath his feet.  Sometimes I wonder if big dreams and plans are the folly of man.  I’ve witnessed a cat resting contently in the warm glow of the mid-morning sun, not sleeping, yet existing.  Thought I do not claim to know what that cat may be thinking, I believe it is not of big plans, or aspirations of becoming important.  There is contentment there, in the sunlight, which I fear I will never find in my own life.    As I see everyone around me, hurrying and scurrying about like ants at the sight of spilled sugar, I take a moment to realize: there is no shame in a simple life.
My name is Samantha, as is the norm for people who call themselves Sam, and I am more than just a name, yet less than important.  It is probably enough that you just know my name, for any more would be an assumption on my own part that we could be more than just passing acquaintances, or worse, friends.  However, there are some details that I will share to give a better understanding of the story, for it is the rest of the world that is important, and I am, fortunately, just a small detail.  I am nineteen, I have short brown hair and blue eyes, and I have what some people call a ‘problem’ with dealing with life.  What some would call motivational issues, I see instead, as being a realist.  I simply, do not feel the same way that others around me do about life, and how we make our own individual ways through it.  I do not understand the concept of jobs.  I mean, I understand the necessity for food and shelter and clothing, etc.  However, cannot wrap my mind around the idea that we are meant to spend most of our lives in a position that we hate, daydreaming the day away and counting minutes like ground control at NASA counting away the seconds until the big launch.  What misery is worth happiness?  At what point am I supposed to trade whatever small share of happiness I am afforded away for an abundance of misery?  
See, at this point, I’ve graduated high school, barely.  I paid attention to the things that interested me, the simple phrases of the English language that caught my ear in the right way, the moments of history that felt important, and the inner workings of the natural world around me.  However, school has left me only feeling more disconnected.  I saw people studying everyday for a future that I dreaded.  Sneaking only moments to speak with those they sat next to, nervous that the teacher would scold them at the mere slip of a word from our eager teenage lips.  Resorting instead, to passed notes as emotionless as internet conversations.   Everyone back then was preparing for something, a future of some sort or fashion.  One that was full of hopes and the promise of sex and money.  I suppose, I was preparing for something completely different, and that was, well, nothing.  Nothing at all, however, I have always felt that I am somehow evening things out, or making the chances better for someone else who might have higher aspirations for success.
Things became worse when my mother, a single mom of indiscriminate age who also bears no real importance here, began repeatedly inquiring about my college intentions.  I however, stated that I had none, and that I would see what came up in the future.  However, in my mind, as cluttered as the shelf in my bedroom, I had already decided that I did not care for any more schooling.  After all, if school had taught me one thing, it was that being forced to be somewhere all day was something more akin to torture than enlightenment, and if school had taught me two things, it was that dealing with busy self important people on a regular basis was something I also did not wish to continue with in any further direction than I already had.
So, I suppose, that is enough back story, I hope, to get the point where I am right now.  This is the future that everyone else, save myself, worried about so much.  Perhaps you’ve gathered enough information from my thoughts to begin to understand what type of person I am.  If you have, I’m not sure that is something to entirely be proud of, for either of our parts.  After all, it is assumptions that have gotten us this far, and regardless of what you think of me, or what ideas you’ve formed in your mind- I am, Samantha, who prefers Sam,  and I am leaving this world soon.
It is 4 p.m.  I can tell by the way my old white plastic watch beeps noisily on my wrist, I haven’t changed the alarm since school ended two years ago.  I am not sure if I do it simply as a reminder of those long days, or just out of laziness.  The truth is probably closer to the fact that I’ve forgotten what the buttons do, or have no motivation to press them.  I have worn the same watch for nearly three years straight.  I think that if it ever went missing, or the cheap plastic band was to suddenly break, I would miss it somehow. Not as much as an amputee misses a limb and still feels its presence, but similar.  If it were to vanish one day, I wonder if it would still beep, not for real, yet in my mind.  I wonder if every time it turned to 4 o’clock a series of beeps would go off in my mind, letting me know, reminding me.  It begins to rain, and I’m glad that my watch is waterproof.
 With my overbearing mother pressuring me more and more about my future, I decided to just take off one day.  I sold what little possessions I had and took only what clothing I could carry in my backpack.  A hooded sweatshirt that was colorful and warm, a pair of worn jeans that fit snugly, they were two of my favorite things.  I call them they, as though they had some greater purpose other than just being clothing, or even a soul or personality.  Perhaps they did, who am I to say with certainty?  I slipped out one warm autumn evening, looking back at the house that I felt was more prison than home.  I knew that I was doing the right thing when it did not feel strange to leave.  Sometimes when you do something you are unsure of there are these little feelings, like strings that try and pull you back, they’re not very strong but I swear that they are there.  However, as I said before, it was not strange to leave and the strings were not at my back pulling me home, I walked on into the darkness, with a warm breeze that seemed like it was giving me a push.
That night I camped out beneath the stars in a small wood just outside of town.  It was, to me, the definition of peaceful.  The only sound was the calming whisper of the wind and the gentle rustle of falling leaves.  The sounds of crickets were simple, yet the more I listened the more complex and beautiful their songs became.  I do not know for sure if this was my mind playing tricks on me.  However, I am completely sure that it does not matter.  After all, when you are alone does it matter what is real and what isn’t?  For years after school I had sat alone in my bedroom, the curtains closed and in some state of either depression or exhaustion.  At some point, the world outside ceased to exist for me, and perhaps for all.  I was not out there so I cannot say with certainty that everyone went about their business.  For all I know, in the absence of Samantha, everyone could have decided that the only purpose in life was to have a bit of fun, and had all taken the day off to spend with their families and gone bowling or something like that.  An entire town, gone bowling, as interesting as it sounds, even I know the idea is absolutely absurd; however, it is not going to stop me from imagining it anyway.
I slept that night with an old shirt rolled beneath my head, beneath a tall ash tree that made me feel comforted in some small way.  I’d imagine it to be the same way that young dogs like to sleep next to their mother and it is comforting to be beside something larger than you, something that will have you.  Something that is not offended or offending, something solid in a world that is often soft.  I had a dream, but it is too personal to recall here, something about a boy and the backseat of a car.  Something special, and yet brutal in a way that only young love can be.
My watch has stopped beeping.  The rain is still hard and strong, I feel it against my body like a cold shower, yet I feel strangely warm, almost hot even.
That night I slept out, I woke up pretty sore, to be quite honest.  It was a cloudy day and was a bit cooler than the night before.  That is sometimes the unfortunate thing about weather; it often does what it wants to on its own agenda.  However, if it were any other way I am sure that the world would somehow be less mysterious, and in turn, a lesser place than it is now.  Some people I know believed that life is a lot like the weather. That you just cannot change your fate.  I do not know if that is true or not, like many things.  However, I would say, it is not true.  A statement that is probably truer is that a stick in a stream cannot change its fate.  We are not sticks, we are people.  We’re capable of doing things.  We make decisions all the time and so perhaps we change our fate with each decision, with each thought and every time we change our minds about the world and ourselves.  Regardless, my decisions and how I felt about the world, led me here.  To wake beneath a tree, on a cold fall day, with a hungry stomach and, regretfully, no food packed into my backpack.  I suppose you could say that I was ill prepared.  I would probably not fault you for thinking it.  After all, I was definitely thinking it.
It was afternoon already, I could tell by my trusty plastic watch.  I never gave much thought to time, well other than thinking that it was often too constricting, and that our reliance upon it was sometimes scary.  After all, ever give any thought to how much importance we put on getting somewhere exactly on time?  I’ve often seen people risk their lives in cars to get somewhere, for fear of either getting fired or disappointment on behalf of someone else.  I am not saying that being on time isn’t important.  I am just thinking, after all.  Part of a living process is to analyze how you feel about things, it does not mean you will always believe one way, but it is however, good to know where you stand at different moments in life.
To say that I was lost in the woods would be entirely truthful.  I had not been lost since I was younger, when I once strayed too far from the hiking path of a park around a lake.  I had wandered miles, lost and frantic and guided only by the distant sound of the highway.  I sometimes wonder if it weren’t for the highway and the passing cars, if I had been lost forever.  I mean, I know you technically cannot get lost forever.  Eventually you are either found, or worse found dead.    I eventually ended up at a rest stop on the highway, thankful just to be around people once more, to feel safe.  I suppose that people often have their uses, even if they are living lives that I cannot understand.  The attendant at the rest stop called a police officer to give me a ride home.    I remember getting into the passenger seat, looking backward over my shoulder once to the back seat where the ‘bad’ people usually end up.  I remember finding it strange to think that there were actually bad people out there in the world somewhere.  I had a hard time thinking that not everyone was like everyone else, and that all people were not essentially good in some way.  I’ve heard it said that madness is like being angry all the time, and it scares me to think that someone could get pushed so far by life and circumstances that they permanently stay angry at the world.  Up to that point, in a way, I had seen cops as bad people based on some horror stories I had heard from people my age.  It was a strange feeling to have that assumption changed by the act of one person’s kindness, even if he was just doing his job.
The sky is getting darker, it is not late.  Instead, it looks like rain is coming in.  I’ve been wandering about these woods for hours, alone.  My head is full of random thoughts and fears, and my heart is beating heavily in my chest.  The woods are too quiet to hear any sound of cars or civilization.  For the second time in my life, I miss people again.  As I walk into a small clearing, surrounded by tall trees that are all in full fall color, many different shades of oranges, and browns, bright yellows, and fiery reds, I see a sign of life.  A single stag, tall and beautifully white like the soft color of fresh morning snow, stands in the clearing a short distance away.  It is not running, surprisingly, it is looking at me.  Its eyes big and strange in a way that it seems understanding of my situation, it looks me down with a fearlessness that I will never possess.  We meet eyes, and for a moment I think I see something inside those eyes, something I cannot quite explain.
I hear a rustle a short ways away in the brush, a man dressed in a bright orange vest is holding a rifle.  He does not see me.  He begins to take aim with his rifle, concentrating only on achieving his kill.
For some reason, I run out.  I do not know exactly why.  However, I find myself between the deer that inexplicably does not run, and the rifle that has already fired its shot.  A spray of red fills the view of the autumn leaves, which begin to fall to the earth more slowly than before.  The colors are beautiful.  The earth is warm beneath me, on a bed of soft leaves that smell comfortingly of dirt.  My watch begins to beep.  It is 4 p.m. The rain comes down.  The man wearing the orange vest drops the gun, and I’m almost fairly certain that he will never pick it up again.  He rushes over, probably confused and scared more than any other person on this earth.  The deer has long since darted off into the wood.
I often wonder if any life is more important than another.  After all, by all logic the same deer that I gave my life to save could end up shot the next day by a different hunter.  Or perhaps, the deer could run out onto the highway, causing an accident that could kill others.  It is then that I realize that I do not like that kind of thinking, therefore I will not subscribe to it.   There are many reasons that I should not have done what I did.  However, most of them are reasons that I feel you carry with you, and I do not.  After all, as I said once before, I feel that there is no shame in a simple life.  I just hope that life, in the absence of Samantha, goes on without me, and that perhaps you bowl more.  Even if you are not any good at it, be people after all, and not sticks in streams.
To my surprise my final thoughts are interrupted rather rudely, albeit comically, by the white stag as it turns on the hunter— its hooves raised in the air as it lets out a loud bellow.  The already terrified hunter raises his hands to defend his face as he runs blindly away.  I wonder if the stag knows what I have done.  The idea that this is possible is absurd to me, however much about life in general is very absurd to me, so I do not consider it impossible by any means.  
However when the stag speaks, my mind is blown.  Perhaps this is the way life ends: talking animals, offers of saving my life, of a better life.  As I weakly explain that I do not want a life, not a conventional life by any means, the stag seems confused.  I explain under the odd circumstances that I am not a conventional person and that it owes me no thanks.  I tell it to be on its way.  So naturally, of course it turns into a human boy.  Why not?  It claims to be the child of similar creatures, wish-granters.  Whatever… The boy brings out a red book.  Its pages are completely empty.  He offers a pen, stating that I need only write down what I wish and it will come true.  I have no real want to die.  I mean I was prepared for the concept, biting the bullet… more literally than figuratively.  However, I also have no wish to return to the sort of life I came from.  As I made clear before, it was just not for me.  
I consider the offer.  What would you ask for in the same circumstances?  I realize that we would probably have very wildly different responses.  Not that I fault you for it, by any means— life after all, is yours to live.  So I choose something that once again will probably defy all conventional wisdom and go with something well… different.
I wish for a simple life.
A single wish that is left open to so much interpretation that I suppose the boy does the best he can with it.  He asks me to elaborate further but I have no further elaborations to supply him with.  He then tells me that this is his first time.  I laugh at the irony and tell him that this is my first time dying if that helps.  He grants my wish, of course, to the best of his ability.  I am now the proud owner of a simple, calm, yet somehow wonderful existence.  I have everything I need, essentially…
Do I regret it?  There isn’t much time to really say.  After all, your clock is ticking away, and I’ve got a sunbeam to lie in.  I just wonder if my watch will remember me when I’m gone— the same way a wheelchair misses a dead amputee.



-All lyrics used with permission
































-The White Stag-









































































































***

