Short Stories Volume I
By L.E. Farley
Copyright 2010 Lauren Farley

Blackout

12:00am
Blegh.

12:01am
Life sucks.

12:02am
I mean it.

12:03am
No really I do.

12:04am
Life absolutely sucks monkey balls...

12:05am
You can try to dissuade me...

12:06am
I’ve made up my god damn mind...

12:07am
Why doesn’t anyone believe me when I talk?

12:08am
I mean am I speaking gibberish on the inside?

12:09am
Maybe my voice has been taken over by the government...

12:10am
Why the hell am I still talking to a cell phone screen?

12:11am
Maybe it’s the aliens in my closet taking over my mind covertly...

12:12am
No its more like the Government Agency, they always wanted my brain...little fuckers...

12:13am
Wow...I never realized how fucked up I sounded till this cell phone writing journal deal.

12:14am
My therapist is going to have a field day with this...“Write whatever you’re thinking...” yeah…

12:15am
No we shouldn’t show the wretched man this he might turn us in to DC idiot...

12:16am
I’m hungry. I wonder what’s for dinner...even if it’s early right now and I’m bored as fuck.

12:17am
Sitting on the stairs la la la waiting for a passed out Mom to wake up tra la.

12:18am
Ew moms lying in a puddle of her own piss at the bottom...should I wake her? Should I wait...?

12:19am
Meh I’ll just wait here. She’s bound to wake up I mean how long can a drunk person sleep y’know.

12:20am
Tee hee hee tossing bottle caps at a comatose mom is fun, especially if they get stuck in her hair...heh heh.

12:21am
Fuck it I’m jumping the drunk bitch. She’s taking too damn long. I think I accidentally stepped in the piss pudd-- gross...

12:22am
Washed foot in sink, hopefully mom doesn’t mind the foot mark I made. Now off to find some food to eat from fridge. 

12:23am
Hm, I can still smell the p--fuck I stepped in it. Damn you garage pantry. Off to the kitchen to wash feet again.

12:24am
Haven’t washed foot yet, wondering if I’ll get in trouble and if it’s really worth it...meh I guess I could hose my feet down instead.

12:25am
Sitting on bench hosing off feet while I type now how’s that for multitasking. Hum de dum I wonder who’s the stranger in our hammock...oh God...

12:26am
Oh MY GOD diary, you’d never guess what I just say. My dad, straight as a arrow cuddling with the pool boy...both butt naked...in the fucking hammock.

12:27am
Still outside thought Dad and the pool boy are gone. They both ran for it when I coughed really loud to get dad’s attention. Apparently he isn’t straight.

12:28am
I finally made it to the kitchen without stepping through my mom’s piss, had to sit down though, tired as hell though my stomach is growling now. Ouch. MOMMY!

12:29am
The microwave’s taking too long--wait what was that? Something clanked behind me--never mind just my imagination again--no it was the aliens! They’ve come for me...no they’re not.

12:30am
Syncopated typing and eating is hard. Especially if the food in question is runny mac n and cheese. Sorry about the mess, I think there’s a invisible hole in my mouth.

12:32am
Mom finally moved minutely from her spot by the stairs. She only moved far enough so she’s out of her own piss, but now the staircase smells like a dog’s behind. Gross.

12:34am
Hey mom, could you be any grosser then you are right now? How about moving a few feet over like closer to your room where you should be right about now…ah forget it.

12:36am
Washing dishes while Mom groans in the background. Yelled at her a few times to shut up but she’s drunk, she can’t hear me. Either that or she has selective hearing. Wouldn’t do that--

12:38am
Holy shit I just saw my Dad and the pool boy walk by. This time fully clothed and my dad saw me looking. He whispered something to the guy a--okay is something behind me? 

12:40am
Just finished making mom something to cure her major hangover. The woman somehow managed to get up and stood behind me for like a hour before I realized it. Now she’s making fun of me. Bitch.

12:42am
I wonder if the Government sucked her brain out while she was sleeping. That would explain why she hates me. Everyone in the government hates me just because the aliens spoke to me and not to them.

12:44am
Cleaned up after mom and told her she could help herself up the stairs. I’m not Dad I won’t be her walking crutch, I’m not hiding my sexuality from her. Nope. Because I can that’s why I don’t.

12:46am
The little manipulating bitch! First I tell her to help herself, so she trips and lands on a valuable vase, breaking it with her fall. She knew I can’t stand the sight of people bl--oh god she’s crying—

12:48am
Sitting on staircase till mom stops blubbering while picking the shards of glass from her hands. Nothing bad will happen so conscious stop screaming at me. She needs to learn from her stupid mistakes one way or another. Shut up.

12:50am
Mom was able to hobble up the stairs to the guest bathroom next to my bedroom. Told her to start the sink and dunk her hands under while I go and find the first aid kit. Hopefully she won’t fall over.

12:52am
Spoke too soon. Just as I wrote the word fall, something dropped in the guest bathroom followed by my mom calling my name. The tart fell down in place, cracking her wrist in one place against the counter. Now crying in pain...

12:54am
I’ll wait. Maybe the little chip in her head implanted by the government told her to fall on the vase like that. Maybe they want to catch me off guard, while a guard sneaks up waiting to kidnap me with a cotton bag...yesh...

12:56am
Okay fine I’ll get the damn first aid kit before you bleed to death you little pansy. I’ve gone through three rounds of therapy and I--found it. Now off to fix Humpty Dumpty. I wonder if this co--nope no needles. Gauze away!

12:58am
Managed to bandaged mom’s arm from her wrist to her elbow with gauze. Now I’m on the prowl for something to use as a splint...or a sling. Either one I’m not really picky. Nope can’t use that, it cost me forty bucks...or that...oh fuck it.

1:00am
Told Mom she’d have to walk around carefully because I couldn’t find a sling. That was a partial lie. I have a scarf but there’s no way in hell I’m letting her plague ridden arm touch it. Don’t want to catch the plague too you know. 

1:02am
Gave Mom two vicadin before leaving her passed out in her I mean, their large bedroom. The entire guest bathroom now reeks of sulfur and metal mixed with rubbing alcohol. Not even a whole can of Febreze could get rid of it, or the piss stains either.

1:04am
Back to my old routine of Doing Jackshit. Mom’s now sleeping, Dad’s missing and all my friends, if you could call them that are off on their summer vacations with their families and don’t suffer from insomnia like I do. So I double they’ll answer my phone calls...

1:06am
Yep I was right. Sent a text message to C my best friend and all I got was a text back saying she was sleeping and to stop calling her. What a paranoid bitch. I never even called her...okay maybe twice but that’s because I thought the Government Agency... 

1:08am
Oops sorry about that. Got another text from her, asking if I took my meds. Took my meds? That’s something my boyfriend would have said... impossible since he told me he was in Bangkok with relatives. Calm down J it’s just your imagination. Just relax and look away from the window...

1:10am
Nothing says relaxing like watching Infomercial Ads at midnight. Just saw one for a gay man melodrama called The Shortend...for a gay show it has a very straight title on the screen. How about Cocks R’Us or Fairy Bueller’s Day Out? Sounds gayer then The Shortend, but that’s just me y’know.

1:12am
Well I’ll be damned, they were interviewing two gays about a upcoming club gays, trannies and lesbians and my dad was standing behind one of them or so I think. When the camera panned on him he hid his face with his large hat he was wearing. My dad wouldn’t hide...not him...

1:14am
Sigh. Got another text from C about my meds. Told her I didn’t need any damn meds. I’m doing fine by myself thank you very much. That was followed by a text from my boyfriend asking where I put my meds. What? When did he le--the government told him. Damn the gov...

1:16am
He said it wasn’t the government that told him but I know that’s a lie. The only other people that know about my condition are the feds, C who I swore to secrecy and my folks. So either he’s lying, C told him or my folks blabbed. And I know C wouldn’t blab on...

1:18am
Sitting on staircase right now and I’m fucking pissed. I want to know who told B my meds issue. I mean if he said that the government didn’t tell him and he’s telling the truth, then that means my parents told him because C would never give my secret out loud. It had to be...

1:20am
Mom...lying in there with her broken hand or arm whatever appendage I had bandaged for her. Me the victim helping the coconspirator. I should’ve left her in the bathroom bleeding where she belonged. I mean how could she? Leaking out my darkest secrets to a spy...now the aliens know where I live and they will come...

1:22am
Someone texted me a second ago...my brother? I thought he was in Tex with that whore he called a girlfriend. Something about the house keys. He lost his and wants to know if he can borrow mine. I don’t bother replying. He does this 90% when he’s high. We aren’t even in the same state douche bag.

1:24am
I wonder if smacking an injured woman on that broken arm of hers counts as manslaughter, or if I have to actually s--what am I thinking. I’ll never get away with murder...at least not in the third degree. Maybe if I call the Agency I could switch the payload to m--nah then the Aliens would f--

1:26am
Now in Mom’s closet waiting for her to wake up. Two vicadins can’t knock a person out that long--can it? I mean I took three yesterday and I feel fine. I think it was after the whale tried to eat me before sun down or perhaps the aliens came and stole my brain for analyzing back on Jupiter.

1:28am
Shh! She’s waking up. Oh wait she’s just--no she’s waking up. Finally and why is she crying again? I gave her two painkillers a hour--I think--ago. What does she mean it was only Tylenol? I wasn’t lying bitch. That’s it. Hold the fort diary. I’m off to smack some sense into the pathetic human called my mom...

---3 hours later---   

4:28am
Whu--

4:29am
What happened?

4:30am
My head hurts...

4:31am
My arms are asleep...

4:32am
Wait--never mind they’re awake.

4:33am
What time is it? Fuck 4:33am?

4:34am
How long have I been sleeping in?

4:35am
My head really hurts...where’s the fucking Aleve?

4:36am
Five seconds of fumbling around, I finally found it...

4:37am
Sitting up on the bed hurts more than lying down...

4:38am
I just realized something: It’s really fucking dark in this “room.”

4:39am
Found the light, now I can see my feet and the paper...

4:40am
Walking down hallway or at least trying to. How do drunk people cope?

4:41am
Made it to the bathroom without spilling so far, hopefully its stays that way.

4:42am
I just realized something...the bathroom smells like Clorox bleach. I don’t remember that smell ever...

4:43am
Got my water and now I’d headed back to my lair. No sign of my folks. 

4:44am
Got a text from B. Are you alright. Yeah I’m fine. Just dandy, don’t mind the headache.

4:46am
B texted back that he was happy to hear it, then something about my mom and a cast...

4:47am
I knew I shouldn’t have asked but I did. B said my dad found my mom with a sprain...

4:48am
And I almost killed her too. And he made it sound like it was the worst thing I’ve ever done...pssh...

4:49am
Too bad I can’t remember doing anything other than waking up twenty something minutes ago with sore arms and a migraine...

4:50am
Oh wait, maybe I can ask Dad what happened since their car just drove up the driveway. Damn mom looks like hell...

4:51am
Attempt to chat with mom aborted. She ran away to the master bedroom without even saying Hi. Guess I’ll try Dad this time...

4:52am
Dad’s been avoiding me too. Muttered something about cleaning house. I dunno, the house looks pretty clean to me. I think he’s hiding something...

4:53am
So Dad, what’s with the OCD? What are you talking about? I mean why do you have the sudden urge to clean the whole house?

4:54am
Still no response. He’s cleaning a stack of already cleaned dishes. Fine ignore me, I’ll just sit here and pick at the scar on my arm...

4:55am
Ew, why is there puke on my shirt? Asked him and all I got was an I dunno before he went back to ignoring me. Thanks Dad.

4:58am
Dad finally gave up cleaning to avoid me and finally sat down next to me. Probably thinks I have some sort of problem, writing constantly in this journal...

4:59am
Wait...what did he just ask me? Did I mean to almost kill my own mother? What the hell is he talking about? I don’t remember trying to hurt her...

5:00am
So I broke mom--wait she broke her wrist, I ignored her, she cut herself, still ignored her, then knocked her out with Tylenol and strangled her in her sleep...

5:01am
Told dad he must’ve been drinking as well when mom told him that story. I would never do that to anyone, especially mom. I mean sure she gets on my nerves...

5:03am
You’ve got phone call. Dad’s answering a cell phone in the other room. As if I can’t hear his voice. He tries to talk softly but I hear every word of the convo.

5:05am
Who the hell is he calling dear on the other end? Did mom stoop to calling him from the bedroom just to avoid me? This is fucking ridiculous. I’m going in. See ya.

5:07am
Just hung up Dad’s phone on a guy named D...who sounded vaguely familiar. Dad’s in the kitchen now, getting me ice cream. Something about having midnight cravings. I’m tired dad, not teen preggo. Duh.

5:09am
I will give him something he knows how to sidetrack me really well. Just switch on NCIS and hand over a cookies n cream full tub, I’m a happy camper. Now where’s the damn remote?

5:11am
Dads can be nosy sometimes and my dad is no exception. Started asking me how I feel, if I need another shot. If he means that stuff the psychiatrist prescribed then no. It tastes funny downstream.

5:13am
Watching TV at 5 something in the morning with Dad. Nothing awkward with this. No sir. Oh god was that guy jus--is that a baseball bat? Ew and in walks his guy p--oh wait a...

5:15am
I am officially scarred for life. Just watched a thirty second porno clip for a advertising company and apparently it was a gay porno. And my dad didn’t bat an eye. I wonder why that was the case...

5:17am
Dad got another call he had to take outside since I can still hear him inside. Closed the screen door on me and gave me a look like “Don’t even dare.” Like I would foll--actually that sounds okay...

5:19am
Watching Dad now just in case something slips from his mouth about him or me. Maybe he’s really talking to the secret agency about me...trying to get rid of me...that’s retarded stupid...why would he do that? I mean he wouldn’t...

5:21am
Something about a guy dropping by to give him something...blah, bleh, blah then I tuned out while he kept going on and on about how I was supposed to keep my mouth shut and not make any side comments or else...uh...

5:23am
Oh the doorbell rang twice over and...Mom’s on the landing asking who’s there. Dad took the time it would take to pour a glass of milk to tell her Go to Bed and something about me joining her in a while...fat chance.

5:25am
When Dad glares at you like a raging bull, sometimes your feet will move by themselves up the staircase while the rest of you wants to laugh in his face and call him a pansy since he can b--helllo nurse. Who’s that?

5:27am
Moms still in her bedroom hiding and looks like Dad has some company. Mexican hottie and...The two of them lip lock. God this is almost as bad as a porno...must resist urge to tell mom about this but I promised Dad I’d keep quiet...not!

5:29am
Lounging by the master bedroom double door, waiting for Mom to put down the rifle and back away. It’s not like I meant to harm her, not that I remember doing so. She’s telling me to stay away that she’ll shoot me if I don't...

5:31am
Yeah I have ADD and that woman won’t stop going on about me being Satan. Checked my ass, no devil’s tail. Checked my head for horns and found none. Now I’m just chilling by the stairs waiting for her to relax. Oh look angry butt s--

5:33am
Ew gross...totally didn’t need to see Dad and his “friend” doing it on the couch. And hasn’t the guy overstayed his welcome? Time to tell mom since she’s the only one Dad’s scared of. He’ll listen to her not me. This hurts since I’m his youngest kid.

5:35am
Knock knock. Who’s there? Your kid. Your kid who? Mom stop that, this is serious. Get away. Mom! It’s about the money isn’t it? No m--here take my watch. Go on take it. Jesus fucking Christ Mom I don’t want your watch. Then leave me alone. Agh! 

5:37am
Listen mom, I know you don’t want to talk to me and that’s find. I don’t know what happened between us that would make you feel that way, but fine. I won’t talk to you or look your way for as long as I’m here at home...PS dads gay.

5:39am
It’s amazing what the power of a letter can do. I’ve never seen my mom steamroll out of a bedroom as fast...well maybe once when she heard me screaming while sneakily watching It as a kid. She ran down the stairs and into the living room just in time for... 

5:41am
Giving my dad a fatal ass whipping. For someone with a broken wrist she can pistol whip a naked guy pretty hard. Now they’re arguing while Dad's tryst is trying to edge out of the picture. Oh this looks like it’s going to get good, and I got back row seats.

5:43am
Sitting on the stairs now and boy am I glad it’s Dad and not me at the end of Mom’s fiery wrath. I never knew someone with a cast would still chuck vases at their cheating spouses head. That’s gotta hurt...his old wallet. Now it’s a nice chunk on the floor...the vase...

5:45am
Latin lover has left in a tizzy and the parents are busy dueling it out girl style in dad’s den. Looks like I’m free to snag some breakfast, again. I’m starving. I wonder what’s left in the fridge after Dad’s OCD moment. I bet he threw out the eggos...the bastard...where’s the damn jelly.

5:47am
Watching the microwave move is lots of fun, but if only the two assholes nearby would stop screaming at each other. I get it, he’s gay and you’re angry at him. Get over it. Ooh my toaster strudel is done! La la la get toaster strudel out of toaster, I mean oven. I mean...

5:49am
Damn it, now stuck in office with parents trying to persuade me to what? Pick one side. I already picked a side. Team Me. Since no one is going to give a shit about me in the court room, might as well stick up for myself sooner than later y’know. Now if only Dad wou...

5:51am
Sorry about that diary, apparently mom has never heard of a diary before. She said something about keeping tabs on people I wanted dead and I told her that yes that’s exactly what it’s for--shit why are they leaving? Don’t ditch me y--oh okay. Fine be that way. I’ll just wait for you guys.

5:53am
Any minute now. How hard is it for mom to find her damn sanity and dad some clothes? I mean con on. Maybe they’re working on a compromise; he gets the clothes and she the guys...what was that? Not again. I thought they had given up on me. Now they’re back. Damn you secret agency of aliens.

5:55am
Dads back and wearing the same thing before I ratted him out. Why did you tell her? He wants to know. To tell you the truth I have no idea I say and that doesn’t seem to pacify him. You told her just because you felt like it? Yup pretty much, but I don’t say that out loud.

5:57am
Awkward silence flows around us...punctuated by the sounds of mom fumbling for something upstairs. Dads going on and on about the point of caring for others feelings and well being. I am past the point of caring really. All I hear coming out of his mouth is gripe gripe moan. That’s all I hear and I don’t care okay?

5:59am
Mom’s back and...What is that syringe for? It must be deadly or else dad wouldn’t be yelling at her to put it down like a maniac...and now she’s yelling at him and pointing at me...she’s yelling in complete gibberish. And dad sounds frantic…hey what are you doing in here. Someone forgot to ta--wait why is sh--GET OFF ME!

---3 hours later---

8:59am
Ow…

9:00am
My head…

9:01am
Where am I?

9:02am
What time is it?

9:03am
Mm it’s pretty dark here…

9:04am
It’s probably past midnight or later.

9:05am
Wait! I found the stupid light switch! Yay!

9:06am
Holy shit its only 9am…I’ve been sleeping for awhile…

9:07am
Where are the damn blinds? My room had wooden blinds…

9:08am
Managed to knock over stuff after few seconds of walking around…

9:09am
House we have a problem. We’re not in Kansas anymore my conscious…

9:10am
Whoever lives here is in desperate need of a weekly housekeeper, seriously…

9:11am
Grungy bed sheets, overflowing trashcan, blinds covered in dust, sticky carpet oh my!

9:12am
Found the door after pulling up the blinds to a unfamiliar view of water…

9:13am
Where the hell am I? Where are my mom and Dad? There better be answers…

9:14am
There’s that damn scab on my---holy hell what happened to my arm? Why is it—

9:15am
Vomit, on my shirt. There’s like more stains on it but I dunno where they came from…

9:16am
Well since we’re not at home, looks like I’m screwed in the new t-shirt area until later. Sigh.

9:17am
I hope no on walks by any time soon, lest peepers out there would like looking at topless eighteeners.

9:18am
Now onto my bloody, sticky gauze wrapped arm that hurts like a bitch when I flex it just a smidge.

9:19am
AIII! Some guy just walked in on me a second ago, screamed and walked out in a flurry. I’m still recovering.

9:20am
One minute later and it’s still dead quiet. I’ve resorted to lying under the covers, just in case the guy comes back.

9:21am
I hear someone outside the door. Sure as hell ain’t moving unless they don’t mind a peak at my chest, which is fl--

9:22am
Hello Dad wearing a gay pride t-shirt. He came in, looked at me then whispered something to a different guy behind him before leaving.

9:23am
Finally got a new shirt to wear. It says Ms. Daytona Nights Drag Queen 2005, bright pink with sparkly letters. I feel gay wearing it.

9:24am
Dad offered to clean up my arm but I told him no thanks. I can fix it myself. Now where’s the bathroom in this dumpy joint.

9:25am
Made it out the bedroom door without knocking things over. Said guy that walked in on my is glaring at me--is that eye shadow I see? 

9:26am
Found the bathroom without much direction now let’s see what else they got. Aderol, Zoloft, V--ew who’s Viagra is--oh it’s my dad’s. I think I barfed...

9:27am
TMI! TMI! Just didn’t need to know that about my dad. Fucking TMI! Now I’m doing the TMI dance hoping those nasty images will leave my brain. No wait...fuck...

9:28am
Gauze off, check. Randomly bleeding pinprick on arm, check. J needs to barf her guts out, check. Oh I don’t feel so well. Hold the fort for me will ya?

9:29am
Missed the bowl by a inch. I hope Dad’s friends aren’t picky about where they take a piss. Meanwhile cleaning a arm one handed is harder than it sounds re...oh shit...

9:31am
Managed to clean self up despite the asshole that pushed me out of the bathroom yelling at me for dirtying it before slamming the door on my face. Where’s a band aid?

9:33am
Found on, now to find a place to put it...hi dad...find ignore me...god it smells like ass here...hello nurse hot guy straight ahead. Uh excuse me could you help me with something? Single?

9:35am
You have to be fucking kidding me? He’s gay? The hot six pack wearing, tan, blonde spiked surfer boy wearing trunks is gay? Why does life hate me? Dad stop laughing at me please.

9:37am
Dad why am I sitting in a condo surrounded by two Queens and a douche? Uh yeah about that. Your mother and I are done. She’s filing for divorce as we speak. What about me?

9:39am
Dad doesn’t believe that I can’t remember a thing after I woke up. I have the nagging suspicion that this happened before as he groans every time I tell him I have no clue what’s happening.

9:41am
Chatting with Dad’s friends. Well they’re chatting I just listen and nod while dad calls mom’s attorney to have him explain why my parents are divorcing I hope it’s not because of me. That would suck ba--

9:43am
It’s partially because of me. Mom told the lawyer that I’m homicidal and have tried to kill her on several occasions. I don’t know if that’s her bipolar talking or the schizo in her. I never tried anything...

9:45am
But according to Dad I have. Something about trying to strangle her, then mom wigged out when I supposedly told her I was writing a hit list with her name at the top. What a bunch of bull shit.

9:47am
Hung up on lawyer. Now what do I do? I can’t apologize to mom unless I want to be buzzed by a high power tazer. Let’s see, Can’t go to B’s or C’s. Since they’re out of town. Fuck it.

9:49am
Guess I’m stuck here watching TV with Brian and Toby. Or Brian the douche and Toby the Hottie as I would like to point out to my leetle mind. I wonder if Toby would go straight for me...meh he’d probably wouldn’t...damn...

9:51am
Brian flipped his shit when I changed the channel. Told him I was sick of watching the Queer Channel. He did a diva move and stormed out of the room in a huff. What a drama...why is Toby staring at me? Shit...

9:53am
Why didn’t anyone tell me my arm was bleeding like no other? I mean there’s blood everywhere--oh god I think I’m going to b--never mind no barfing but now my underwear is soaking wet...ew I peed myself. Where’s the bathroom? Fuckit...

9:55am
Now Dad’s going to kill me for pissing on his couch...and for going around his place almost butt naked. Brian told me I could wear some of his shorts but they don’t fit me and they smell of jizz. I am beyond really caring...

9:57am
Dad came back, he looks pissed. Oh hell Brian told on me. Now dad’s walking off to the closet. Something about cleaning supplies. Dad while you’re at it could you get me the first aid kit? Why shou--oh never mind let me get it...

9:59am
Arm gauzed. Check. Dad now Febrezing the hell out of his friends couch. Check. Me making my way for the nearest exi--I mean the nearest bedroom...I wonder if Toby would let me stay in his...Toby? Toby. Where are you...he’s not in here right now...Mine now...

10:01am
Not bad for a gay guy. Muse poster, black bed sheets, shag carpet. Sitting on his bed wondering how long it’ll take Dad to figure out where I am...wait what was that? I could’ve sworn I saw a UFO fly by--there it went again. HOLY SHIT!

10:03am
They’re after me. The aliens are back to get me! I knew they’d come back. And now I’m in the open on some hot guy’s bed and they found me! I have to find a basement--wait this is a apartment. Never mind. Under the bed I go.

10:05am
It smells like mothballs under Toby’s bed...but at least I don’t have to worry about the aliens out there...how did they find me? The gov must’ve helped them. They still want me six feet under. Shit I hear them coming! Wait. It sounds like my dad...don tell me he--

10:07am
Dad just shoved me out and called me a pervert. And by him I mean Toby. That makes three people against me...no wait four. The Gov or the aliens, dad, mom and Toby. The world keeps getting tinier by the second. By the time my times up, everyone hates me...

10:09am
Why were you hiding under Toby’s bed? I dunno why don’t you ask your damn spies. What? What kind of gibberish are you talking? Gibberish? Is that the name of your spy? For fucks sake J try making sense. I’m making perfect sense. Not to me you aren’t. Why are y--

10:11am
Now I’m locked in Dad’s second office that smells like cat piss...even though there's not one cat around to pin the blame on. Dad said something about having a doctor over to chat with me. Like hell he won’t. I didn’t manage to escape the alien’s clutches just to have them back.  

10:13am
One freaking minute and already I’m in trouble again. I haven’t even touched the door knob as a second thought before Dad came running in, yelling at me for five. Apparently while I was hiding under Toby’s bed I pissed myself before Dad later dragged me out by my hair. Oh well meh.
 
10:14am
Had to go apologize to Toby for something I can’t help. The guy was more understanding then his roommates who were cat calling him for telling me that I didn’t have to apologize. Thanks Dad and Brian. Thanks for being so supportive. Toby also said that I could use his bed since Dads germaphobic.

10:15am
Sitting on Toby’s bed as Brian and Dad get ready for work. I asked where they work that starts this early and Toby said something that sounded like Gay bar. Dad’s a server and his uniform is a belly shirt and bike shorts. Both neon colored and sequined. If that doesn’t say gay what does?

10:17am
Finally now I’m free to wreck havoc on the house well as fast as I can. Toby doesn’t have a job but that’s okay because he makes it up with being undeniably hot. If he obviously didn’t swing for the other team I’d so take him. I wonder what it would take to make him change...

10:19am
Apparently a suggestive glance and a lip tongue tease with a soda straw. That soda was nasty thou--oh wait it was Ginger Ale. Who drinks Ginger Ale in today’s world? Old people and my dad’s friends. Wait wait...I can hear Toby on the phone in the other room. He sounds scared shitless to me or not.

10:21am
Toby is now avoiding skin contact with me, as well as watching the Queer channel on high. What the hell was he yelling at the phone about? I mean I heard it but it was all a blur of blahs and blehs. For all I know he could’ve been talking with the FBI, staking out his ransom reward.

10:23am
Why is the couch--oh wait that’s just Toby’s leg. Stop that! Thank you, that’s much better. Somehow in the snap of a finger he has this unnerving phobia of girls and apparently he’s claustrophobic too. Still hot thought, even if he’s trying to avoid looking at me. I know I know, I’m so good looking its ridiculous y’know.

10:25am
Great, I went to tap his shoulder and the guy blows a fuse and jets out of the room faster than the Road Runner. I didn’t even get to make the witty comment I had planned. You can’t watch TV with me and expect me to be quiet. Toby is now making a lot of racquet upstairs, looking for s---

To whoever finds this note
Please take this girl attached to the note, far away, particularly somewhere nice and compact where she can’t hurt anyone else like she did me. 
She’s a absolute fucking psycho. 
Oh and BTW don’t mind the funny looking spot on her head. I was supposed to aim for the arm but the syringe wouldn’t budge. She’s fine. I think. -T 


Camp Miracle

To Officer XXXX,
Here are the files you requested regarding the legality of a certain “troubled youth” camp out in the forests of Oregon. Behind this piece of paper are typed copies of some of the many camp documents we managed to seize from a counselor’s office, including transcripts of camp meetings caught on tape, conversations as repeated back by those close enough to hear them, a few inbox notes and personal files kept by the camp in case of emergency. Feel free to make your own conclusions as to what happened at Camp Miracle but keep them confidential. We are still in the process of whittling out the details of Ms. Finnegan’s death and are in full disclosure with the public. These files should not be leaked to the public media at any cost.

Officer Nugent 

Dear New Camper,
Welcome to Camp Miracle, where miracles can happen! We at Camp Miracle, a place where friendships are started and obstacles met, are thrilled that you’ve picked our facility for your rehabilitation needs and look forwards to helping on your journey to recovery. Located in the forests of Oregon between nature and the highway, nature hikes make up our calendar activities as well as visits to the lake and plenty of activities for those inclined to stay indoors. 

Camp Miracle is spread out on two acres of forest land and with spacious log cabins for twenty girls in total. We take pride in our campers, our hospitality, our environment and we look forward to having you with us for the weeks of June 1 to June 11. 

Note: Please make sure you have everything on the camp syllabus that is provided for you in the envelope as we will not be providing blankets, flashlights or pillows for those that can’t bring their own. If you must borrow these, that’s fine. There will be medication, burn cream and other medical treatments in the nurse’s office. Please also make sure to bring additional snacks, preferred sun treatments and other amenities as we take three camping trips within the month and will not be providing them for campers. If you have any questions, please contact the Camp main office at XXX-XXXX M-F 8am-6pm.

Thank you for picking Camp Miracle for your destination and we’ll see you soon.

From,
Camp Miracle Staff

Camp Miracle 
1399 Irvine Road
Eugene, Oregon 97401
(XXX) XXX-XXXX
campmiracle@XXXXX.net

Dear Camper
Here attached are the Rules and Guidelines to living at our Camp, as well as a list of what you should bring with you to camp, a list of activities you can take part of and the Camper Agreement form that you must read, sign and turn in to the main desk once you've signed into Camp on June 1. Thank you and we hope to see you soon.

Rules and Guidelines
1. No boys area allowed within thirty miles of camper's cabin unless they are certifiably the camper's relatives or camp staff.
2. No outside food is allowed. We will be providing your meals and there are snack machines located around the camp for your snacking needs. Bring quarters.
3. No tobacco or alcohol is allowed within the parameters of the camp. Anyone caught with any of those two items in their possession will be duly punished by the camp. 
4. No fighting, foul play or swearing will be tolerated. At Camp Miracle we strive to keep this environment clean for all those attending. Anyone caught fighting will be punished.  
5. No iPods, cell phones and other material like books and magazines will be tolerated at Camp Miracle. They are distracting and will be taken from the campers if found.   
6. You may bring one cell phone with you, but it should only be used for emergencies. 
7. You are allowed five calls from our camp phones so use them wisely.
8. No uninvited visitors allowed. People seen around camp without a visitor pass will be asked to leave immediately.
9. You can bring your own bed sheets and food to the cafeteria cook if you have a allergy to the sheets and food we provide.

List of Things You'll Need
1. At least 5 pairs of jeans 
2. At least 3 shirts
3. One week worth of underwear *You will be able to use the Camp's Laundromat (drying is 50c and washing is 75c)*
4. Toothbrush and toothpaste
5. Hairbrush, Shampoo, Conditioner, Soap
6. Emergency cell phone    
7. Roll of quarters
8. First Aid Kit
9. One Suitcase
10. Six pairs of shoes 
+++
List of Activities at Camp Miracle

Sunday June 1 
Getting to Know You 11:00am-12:00pm
Writing Class 4:30pm-5:30pm

Monday June 2
Yarn Spinning 12:00pm-1:30pm
Mountain Hike 1:15pm-2:45pm

Tuesday June 3
Mountain Hike 6:00am-7:30am
Picnic 12:00pm-1:45pm
Swimming 3:00pm-4:30pm
Yarn Spinning 4:45-5:00pm

Wednesday June 4
Yarn Spinning 8:00am-9:30am
Mountain Hike 12:00pm-1:45pm
Swimming 4:00pm-5:30pm

Thursday June 5
Mountain Hike 10:00am-11:45am
Self-Defense 2:25pm-3:30pm
Writing Class 4:00pm-5:00pm
Swimming 7:00pm-8:30pm

Friday June 6
Mountain Hike 6:00am-7:30am
Swimming 11:00am-12:25pm
Writing Class 3:00pm-4:30pm

Saturday June 7
Mountain Hike 11:30am-12:45pm
Swimming 3:00pm-4:30pm

Sunday June 8
N/A

Monday June 9
Mountain Hike 7:00am-8:30am
Craft Making 11:15pm-12:00pm
Volleyball Tournament 3:00pm-4:30pm
Swimming 6:45pm-7:30pm

Tuesday June 10
Mountain Hike 7:00am-8:30am
Craft Making 10:15am-11:30pm
Writing Class 2:30pm-3:45pm
Swimming 4:00pm-5:30pm

Wednesday June 11
Potluck 11:00am-12:45pm
Swimming 2:00pm-3:00pm
Mountain Hike 4:00pm-5:45pm
Craft Making 6:45-7:30pm

Camper Agreement
I, _____, have read and agreed to the following statement, terms and rules of Camp: “Camp Miracle is in no way shape or form held responsible for anything that happens to me while at camp, whether it be death related or injury related. I alone am responsible for whatever happens to me.” 

Camp Files – Camper Personal Information
Filed: 6/01/08 
By: Camp Director Joseph Kroger
Name (First, Middle, Last): Chloe Michelle Bernhardt
Date of Birth (Month, Day, Year): May 7th, 1990
Place of Birth (City, State): Los Angeles, CA
Age: 18
School: UCLA 
Year: Freshman (Incoming)
Height: 5’10”
Weight: 132lbs
Hair Color: Brown Hair
Eye Color: Grey eyes
Family 	
Father: Charles Bernhardt, age 46
Mother: Susanna Bernhardt, age 45
Siblings: Only Child

Psychological Personality Profile
Personality: She’s constantly full of ideas and is very quick to understand things given to her such as hard math equations. She has the rich vocabulary of a seasoned professor, and a vivid imagination that she likes to use in lieu of her intelligent mind. Chloe has excellent ideas that she employs allot in her life and school and spends copious amounts of time reflecting on things which makes her seem a bit air headed. She is also prone to using difficult words in her speech, giving her the air of snootiness, though she’s been trying to dumb her words down for others around her with no luck. 
Problems: Chloe has been breaking house rules for several months citing her intelligence level as the reason. She had insinuated a few times that her parents were dumber then her and had no right to place curfews and other restraints on her since she’s a theoretical adult who didn’t need to answer to them. She has been caught a few times smuggling beer and marijuana into her room. Her parents voiced concern for her health and her inability to take orders from anyone, especially them and her teachers. She has been threatened with expulsion and her parents say they want the old Chloe back while Chloe says she likes the way she is right now. She loves her apparently independence. 

Overheard Conversation – Camp Miracle (Chloe and Parents)
Chloe: This is so fucking lame…I can’t believe you talked me into this stupid camp. There’s nothing wrong with me…
Mrs. Bernhardt: We know honey. Just humor us.
Chloe: Only if I get paid.
Mr. Bernhardt: Don’t be ridiculous.
Chloe: I guess this will be a long trip them…
Mrs. Bernhardt: Don’t worry dear, in ten days it will all be over with…
Chloe: Ten days? What am I going to do for ten days? Crochet mittens for squirrels? Pick off ticks for some lame jewelry class? 
Mr. Bernhardt: No, according to the brochure…
Chloe: Gimme that….hikes…yarn spinning, writing classes, nature walks. Good lord this is more like a Bible Camp then a Rehab Center. Are you sure we didn’t take a wr—
Mr. Bernhardt: We’re sure darling, now get your bags. We’re next in line to sign in.
Chloe: I don’t have to go you know…I’m eighteen. 
Mr. Bernhardt: Yes you are, but as long as you are under my roof, you will do as I say and I specifically told you to get your bags. 
Chloe: Yes Sir Hitler…
Mrs. Bernhardt: CHLOE! Watch your mouth.
Chloe: What? It was just a joke. 
Mrs. Bernhardt: Yes I know but watch who you say it to. Your father is nothing like that man.
Chloe: Whatever you say Hi...I mean…mom.
Mr. Bernhardt: Chloe!
Chloe: What?
Mr. Bernhardt: Here’s your suitcase and wallet now let’s go, the line is getting longer by the sign-in table. 

Camp Files – Camper Personal Information
Filed: 6/01/08 
By: Camp Director Joseph Kroger
Name (First, Middle, Last): Phoebe Claire Channing 
Date of Birth (Month, Day, Year): April 18th, 1991
Place of Birth (City, State): New York City, NY
Age: 17 
School: George Washington High School 
Year: Senior
Height: 5’6”
Weight: 126lbs
Hair Color: Brown Hair
Eye Color: Brown Eyes
Family
Father: Henry Channing III, age 41 
Mother: Abigail Channing, age 41 
Siblings: Henry Channing IV, age 13

Psychological Personality Profile
Personality: She’s always prepared to the point of exactness and likes to have things done her way. Nothing is overlooked by Phoebe. She is exacting in her work, both in school and at home and if her workplace is disturbed so is she. She follows a schedule, which she keeps stashed for only herself to see. Phoebe gets whatever chores she has to do done right away, something she taught herself at a young age much to the surprise of her wealthy parents as they hired a maid to clean their house. She likes to order others around and pays extreme attention to details of things around her. 
Problems: Normally a calm leader, she has gone a bit off the deep end so to speak in the last month. She has accumulated an OCD nature, in which she has to have everything done her way or she’ll erupt into fits of anger, sometimes swinging punches at the perpetrator of whatever act angered her. She keeps tabs on her family and their actions which had sent her parents looking for help. They say they want their daughter back to the way she s before she completely did a 180 in her sleep and changed. Phoebe on the other hand says there’s nothing wrong with her but that there’s something wrong with them.

Overheard Conversation – Camp Miracle (Phoebe and Parents)
Mr. Channing: We’re here! Phoebe? Get out of the car.
Phoebe: I’m not going…you can’t make me.
Mr. Channing: Don’t be ridiculous Phoebe. Now get out of the car.
Phoebe: OW! Daddy let go. You’re hurting me…
Mrs. Channing: Oh what a lovely little place…isn’t it quaint Phoebe? 
Phoebe: Ugh…I hate the outdoors…ew! A roach! Get it off of me! MOMMY!
Mrs. Channing: That’s a fly dear. And it’s not even remotely close to your face.
Phoebe: Whatever, it looks like a roach and feels like one too…besides you know I hate anything dirty and this place is asking for a cleaning.
Mr. Channing: We know you do darling but this is for the best alright? Besides if it really gets bad, you can always have the camp call us at home and we’ll come right back to pick you up…okay? Phoebe? Can you hear me? Yes? Then look at me.
Phoebe: I’m looking. And you promise? Pinky Swear?
Mr. Channing: Don’t I always keep my promises to you? I mean I got you a car…
Phoebe: Well there was that pony I wan---
Mrs. Channing: Oh look there’s a line to sign in. Let’s go before it’s too late.
Mr. Channing: Oh you’re right. 
Mrs. Channing: I always am. Let’s go Phoebe.
Phoebe: Uh okay…ow Dad! Stop pulling. I’m not a retard…
Mrs. Channing: Shhh…
Phoebe: WHAT?
Mrs. Channing: We don’t say that word honey.
Phoebe: What word?
Mrs. Channing: Never mind. 

Camp Files – Camper Personal Information
Filed: 6/01/08 
By: Camp Director Joseph Kroger
Name (First, Middle, Last): Alaia Brittany Craig 
Date of Birth (Month, Day, Year): May 20th, 1992 
Place of Birth (City, State): Miami, Florida
Age: 16 
School: Miami High School 
Year: Junior
Height: 5’3”
Weight: 111lbs
Hair Color: Blonde Hair
Eye Color: Blue Eyes
Family
Father: Jared Craig, age 37 
Mother: Aimee Craig, age 36
Siblings: Joshua Craig, age 12 and Kylee Craig, age 8 

Psychological Personality Profile
Personality: She’s the life of the parties in her small community of friends in Miami she rarely circles around the greater region of the city. Alaia doesn’t mind being the center of the attention, sometimes she actually wants to be especially if the attention given is from a person of the opposite sex. She loves to start conversations with people she’s talking with, though most tend to be a little ego centric. She also has a high opinion of herself and the connections of her parents have cemented her narcissistic thoughts that she’s the princess of her parent’s lives and a spoiled little brat. 
Problems: Alaia’s mother has recounted in person at least two instances when a doctor from the local abortion clinic called her regarding a hand written note apparently from her asking for her daughter to have an abortion for a pregnancy that she hadn’t ever heard about till the doctor’s call. Alaia has flaunted her assets to every boy at her school and thinks that the only way to find love is to sleep with as many boys as possible sometimes not using protection because they might think she’s a scaredy cat. Her parents say they want her to learn to stop abusing her body for attention from the boys, and that she’s worth more than just that.

Overheard Conversation – Camp Miracle (Alaia and Parents)
Mr. Craig: Wow! There are more trees here than I expected. 
Alaia: Where’s the palm trees?
Mr. Craig: We’re not in Florida anymore…
Mrs. Craig: And look no smog…
Mr. Craig: I know, beautiful isn’t it? Alaia! Come here and check this out!
Alaia: Can we go home now? 
Mrs. Craig: Alaia y---
Alaia: We’ve already seen the place…please can we go back? 
Mr. Craig: Yeah sure honey we can go back…in three weeks.
Alaia: Bu—
Mr. Craig: No buts. Remember we had a deal. You go to camp and go through with it you can have that convertible you’ve always wanted. 
Alaia: A convertible…
Mrs. Craig: And no curfew…
Alaia: A car and no curfew…I guess I’m in then. Where do I sign up?
Mrs. Craig: Follow the crowds of kids I guess. There has to be a sign around here…
Alaia: Yeah follow the pack of uglies…that’s a helpful tip Mom, coming from you…
Mrs. Craig: What was that? I didn’t hear you dear.
Alaia: Nothing.
Mr. Craig: Hey let’s go guys, we don’t have all day. The sun’s gonna set any minute.
Mrs. Craig: Coming honey. 
Alaia: Oh my tan…
Mr. Craig: Let’s go.
Mrs. Craig: Come on Alaia. Let’s go your dad’s waiting for us.
Alaia: Fine, but only if you promise to give me a shopping spree when I get back home.
Mrs. Craig: Of course honey. Now vamoose. Let’s go. 
Alaia: Ow…okay mom, no need to push.

Camp Files – Camper Personal Information
Filed: 6/01/08 
By: Camp Director Joseph Kroger
Name (First, Middle, Last): Naomi Lisa Harper 
Date of Birth (Month, Day, Year): March 10th, 1993 
Place of Birth (City, State): Silverton, Nebraska
Age: 15 
School: Silverton High School 
Year: Sophomore 
Height: 5’1” 
Weight: 106lbs
Hair Color: Black 
Eye Color: Grey
Family 
Father: Warren Harper, age 34 
Mother: Mary Harper (deceased age 30)
Siblings: Ginger Harper, age 11, Joseph Harper, age 7 and Melissa Harper, age 3

Psychological Personality Profile
Personality: She’s extremely interested in people and loves to chat just to get to know them. She feels others people’s emotions, especially pain, ever since her mother passed away three years ago from TB (Tuberculosis). Naomi has a very soft heart that is quite easily squished, but she has enough practice for it not to. She can make people feel at ease around her and sympathizes with their feelings. She is also known for taking time out of her schedule for others even if it jeopardizes something else she has going on at the same time. 
Problems: After the death of her mother who was the main anchor for the family of five, Naomi has slowly started to deteriorate mentally since all the pressure of taking her mother’s place has finally caught up with her. She has shown an inability to control her fury, snapping at people when they ask her to do something even if it’s something minor like taking the trash out for her dad. Caring for others other then herself has become a bit harder for her, since she can’t seem to control her emotions without hurting someone else in the process. Her father says he just wants to see her back to normal while Naomi claims she’s fine, that there’s nothing wrong with her.

Overheard Conversation – Camp Miracle (Naomi, Sister and Father)
Naomi: Ginger hand me my phone.
Ginger: Uh sure…I think dad wants you…
Naomi: He can wait…
Ginger: Whatever you say sis…
Mr. Harper: Naomi would you please get out of the car? 
Naomi: Just a sec…let me finish something
Mr. Harper: Please? You’ve been in there for a hour…
Naomi: Almost done.
Mr. Harper: Ginger? Get in there and tell your sister to get her butt out of there.
Ginger: Uh sure Daddy…Nanny, Daddy says to get your butt out of the car. 
Naomi: Okay, I’m out. What is it? 
Mr. Harper: What in Sam Hell were you doing in there? 
Naomi: Texting.
Mr. Harper: Who? 
Naomi: The babysitter…I wanted to know how Joey and Melissa were doing. 
Ginger: I could’ve told you that… 
Mr. Harper: You really need to calm down Nanny. The kids are fine without you there. Now get your bags, we’re signing you in. Ginger help your sister.
Naomi: Ginger, keep an eye on the kids and Dad while I’m gone okay?
Ginger: Okay sissy, whatever you say. 
Naomi: Good girl now let’s go. 
Mr. Harper: Come on girls.
Naomi: Coming Dad. Sheesh…can’t you see I’m busy here. I have to pull my own weight thank you very much. Ginger, could you get that bag for me? Thanks hon. Remember to give Dad meds tonight kay? 
Ginger: What? 
Naomi: They’re the blue ones on his nightstand.
Mr. Harper: I’m waiting you two.
Naomi: Hold your horses Dad…

Camp Files – Camper Personal Information
Filed: 6/01/08 
By: Camp Director Joseph Kroger
Name (First, Middle, Last): Moira Keera Finnegan
Date of Birth (Month, Day, Year): April 20th, 1994 
Place of Birth (City, State): Seattle, Washington
Age: 14 
School: Lincoln High School 
Year: Freshman 
Height: 5’0”
Weight: 104lbs
Hair Color: Red 
Eye Color: Green
Family: 
Father: Sean Finnegan, age 32 (divorced) 
Mother: Angela Finnegan Kelly, age 32 (divorced)
Siblings: Erin Finnegan, age 10, Connor Finnegan age 7, Brittney Finnegan, age 6 and Sean Finnegan Jr., age 3

Psychological Personality Profile
Personality: She’s an easily disturbed individual, with problems keeping her moods static. She stresses out easily, often taking it out on other people. Moira gets upset easily throwing tantrums and fits like a five year old. She often has frequent mood swings that range from small to severe, the worst being when she tosses things like chairs at people. She also often feels blue and worries about even the smallest things till she starts tearing her hair out. 
Problems: Ms. Finnegan has been confined to a mental asylum since she was 10. Her doctors finally placed her on probation, till she went into relapse while at home. Her mother blames the relapse on the legal proceedings pertaining to the divorce between her and Mr. Finnegan, which has been raging on and off for 4 years. Moira doesn’t like picking sides and doesn’t like the fighting that is constantly going on. Her behavior has been affecting her relationships with her family and her few friends at school. Her father states that he was told by her that she just “wants to be normal again, like the other kids at school.” The asylum she was confined to gave the go ahead to let her attend camp, stating that she would be no threat.

Overheard Conversation – Camp Miracle (Moira and Asylum Worker)
Asylum Worker: Well here we are Moira.
Moira: This? This is the camp you were telling my folks about?
Asylum Worker: Yep. Lovely place isn’t it. So green…so pure…
Moira: Too green for my tastes.
Asylum Worker: Well that’s too bad because you’re gonna be here for ten whole days. Count em...
Moira: One…two…three…
Asylum Worker: I was kidding when I said that…
Moira: Oh well you should’ve told me that before…
Asylum Worker: It was rhetorical.
Moira: What?  
Asylum Worker: Ugh never mind.
Moira: Pat? I just got dry humped by a mosquito…
Asylum Worker: That’s nice dear, now get that bag you call a suitcase from the back.  
Moira: I’m the patient here. Shouldn’t that be your job?
Asylum Worker: I have my hands full…
Moira: One pad of paper doesn’t make your hands full you fat ass…
Asylum Worker: Watch your mouth young lady. 
Moria: PFFFFTTT
Asylum Worker: Do you want me to get out the straight jacket? ‘cuz I will.
Moira: No that’s okay…Got it. I’ll keep my mouth shut. Now what? 
Asylum Worker: Pick up the bags by you…excellent. 
Moira: I don’t remember packing my bags…holy shit these are heavy…
Asylum Worker: Watch your mouth young lady.
Moira: Sooorrry.
Asylum Worker: Now follow me with your bags okay? We’re going to take baby steps okay. 
Moira: Because I’m a baby…riggght.
Asylum Worker: One step at a time.
Moira: And they think I’m the insane one here why?

Camp Meeting Transcript 6/01/08
Counselor Sallies: So, does everyone have a nametag?
Chloe: Ahem?
Counselor Sallies: Yes, Ms. Bernhardt?
Chloe: Why do we need nametags again?
Counselor Sallies: So you can get to know the many faces around here. Who knows, you might make a few friends here.
Chloe: Uh okay. Sure.
Phoebe Channing: [snorts]
Chloe: What’s so funny?
Phoebe: Oh nothing…I just can’t imagine anyone wanting to be friends with the Gigantic Slob from Hell.
Chloe: At least I’m not Captain Anal Retentive with a soft spot for Lysol Wipes.
Phoebe: Yeah? Well, at least I know when to clean myself, unlike you, Ms. Neanderthal.
Chloe: Why you…
Counselor Sallies: Girls, Girls, Girls. Relax. Put down your weapons and sit down. Now.
Chloe: Fine
Phoebe: Fine
Counselor Sallies: That’s much better. Now where was I? Oh yes. Welcome girls, to Camp Miracle, located in the lush woods of Oregon, where we’re right in the middle with nature…
Alaia Craig: You mean in the middle of nowhere. 
Counselor Sallies: We’re not completely in the middle of nowhere…
Chloe: Really? Then tell us, where’s the nearest town…Portland… located? Just in case, you know, I need some feminine products and the nurse runs out of them.
Counselor: Let me see…next town is…a thirty minute drive from here. Or you could say fifteen miles.
Alaia: What!? Fifteen miles? That’s like a one hour walk. And none of us have a car 
Chloe: I don’t think you’d need a car to get yourself near the troubled boys’ camp.
Alaia: What did you just say?
Phoebe: Don’t bother, it’s not worth it.
Alaia: Stay out of this, bitch. 
Phoebe: What did you call me?
Alaia: You heard me. 
Phoebe: I know. I just wanted the entire camp to hear what you said…since you are contradicting yourself.
Alaia: What? What the hell?
Phoebe: You’re the bitchy slut that sleeps with the guys. I’m just the janitorial staff.
Counselor Sallies: Girls that’s enough. The Director would like to have a talk with you three… [Door slams] Sorry about that. Camp drama always ensues here.
Moira Finnegan: It’s okay, I actually found them quite entertaining. Don’t know about her.
Counselor Sallies: What’s wrong Naomi?
Naomi Harper: Make them stop….ma…make…them…stop. 
Moira: There, there. Don’t cry, they’re gone now. 
Moira: [beat] or not. 
Counselor Sallies: So? What have you got to say?
Phoebe: Sorry for the disruption, it won’t happen again. 
Chloe: What? Oh yeah that…what she said. 
Alaia: Yeah…what that girl said. 
Counselor Sallies: Okay, now that we’ve got that out of the way, why we all introduce ourselves? How about you start.
Camper #1: I’m Nicole and I’m from Portland Oregon.
Camper #2: I’m Jenna and I’m from Northridge California.
Camper #3: I’m Ashley and I’m from Tacoma Washington. 
Camper #4: I’m Sasha and I’m from Charleston North Carolina.
Camper #5: I’m Caitlin and I’m from Eureka California.
Camper #6: I’m Maria and I’m from St. Paul Minnesota. 
Camper #7: I’m Jessica and I’m from Pleasanton California.
Camper #8: I’m Hannah and I’m from Dallas Texas.
Camper #9: I’m Georgia and I’m from Reno Nevada.
Camper #10: I’m Isabel and I’m from Colorado Springs Colorado. 
Camper #11: I’m Jillian…
Counselor Sallies: Cat got your tongue Jillian?
Jillian: I’m from…Las Vegas Nevada.
Camper #12: I’m Katie and I’m from….
Counselor Sallies: You too?
Katie: Salem.
Counselor Sallies: No need to be ashamed about where you come from. We’re all different…Your turn now Chloe.
Chloe: I’m Chloe and I’m from LA and I’m in college right now. So, that makes me cooler then all of you combined [cough] what?
Counselor Sallies: That’s uncalled for Chloe. Say you’re sorry. Now. 
Chloe: Sorry 
Phoebe: Hi, I’m Phoebe and I’m from the perfect state of New York. I’m a better person then Ms. Snot here, which means you all, should follow…
Counselor Sallies: That’s enough Phoebe.
Alaia: I’m Alaia, and I’m from Miami Florida. Anybody here know where I can find some cute boys? 
Counselor Sallies: Sit down Alaia…
Moira: I’m Moira and I’m from Seattle Washington
Naomi: I’m Naomi and I’m from Silver Springs Nebraska.
Counselor Sallies: Well, now that we’ve gotten the intros out of the way, I think it’s time we hit the hay. Tomorrow is a busy day for all of you girls.
Alaia: But it’s only nine at night…can we stay up till midnight?
Chloe: Yeah, pretty please?
Counselor Sallies: No. To bed. Both of you.
Alaia and Chloe: But…
Counselor Sallies: NOW.
Alaia and Chloe: Fucking bitch.

Camp Files - First Day Evaluation
Filed: 6/02/08 
By: Sara Wisner, Camp Psychologist
Name: Chloe Bernhardt 
Age: 18
DOB: 5/07/90 
School: UCLA 
Year: Freshman (College)
Cabin #: 12
Roommate: Phoebe Channing 

1.On a scale of 1-10, 1 being the worst and 10 being the best, how would you rate your day here at Camp Miracle? I would give it a 5. I’ve yet to decide if my roommate is a slight wacko or if she needs a few pills to pop right away.

2.If there was anything you could have changed about the first day, what would it be? The choice of roommate that I got. The kid is seriously creeping me out. I’ve never met a girl that disinfects her mattress pad before placing the sheets over. Is that normal? She’s awfully neat, and makes the biggest fits over the “mess” on my side. She twitches at the sound of crunching leaves and mutters a bunch about ticks and leeches. She’s definitely a bit loopy.

3.Is there anything you’d like the Camp Council to discuss concerning your stay here? Yeah, how about a mandatory meeting where we talk our differences out. I’m having a hard time as is with the brick wall that sleeps next to me. That and could we extend the curfew. Some of us can’t get through a shower in 2 minutes to make it in bed by 9:30pm. I mean, some girls take 30 minute showers, including me. Have some respect okay?

Camp Files - First Day Evaluation
Filed: 6/02/08 
By: Sara Wisner, Camp Psychologist
Name: Phoebe Channing 
Age: 17 
DOB: 4/18/91 
School: George Washington High School 
Year: Senior 
Cabin #: 12
Roommate: Chloe Bernhardt

1.On a scale of 1-10, 1 being the worst and 10 being the best, how would you rate your first day here at Camp Miracle? I would rate it at a 3, because my roommate refuses to accept the cabin rules and acts as her own authority. And the counselors here are a bit on the soft side. They allow the girls to get away with anything. 

2.If there was anything you could have changed about the day, what would it be? I would have changed where my cabin was located. I mean, it’s in the middle of freaking nowhere. And since I have to wash my clothes like every other day, it’s quite annoying. I mean, the washer and dryer are located in the main building, which is a half mile lug from my cabin. 

3.Is there anything you’d like the Camp Council to discuss concerning your stay here? I think the Camp Council should reconsider their set up at the present and set up a set of rules and guidelines. They should keep in mind the cleanliness of the area and enforce a better curfew, like around 9:00pm. And some rules for conduct in general, as well as clothing would be good, some girls here are irritatingly vulgar and dirty like flies.

Camp Files- First Day Evaluation
Filed: 6/02/08 
By: Sara Wisner, Camp Psychologist
Name: Alaia Craig
Age: 16 
DOB: 5/20/92 
School: Miami High School 
Year: Junior 
Cabin #: 10
Roommate: Naomi Harper 

1.On a scale of 1-10, 1 being the worst and 10 being the best, how would you rate your first week here at Camp Miracle? On a scale of 1 to 10, my experience here would be a -10. This is the pits. I don’t like camping, and living with a slightly disturbed roommate is hard, she makes me look like a bad person because I can’t make her shut up. I’ve been here for five days, and not one boy in sight. My mom lied to me. She said it would be like a singles camp for teens. Yeah right, if I was a lesbian it would. 

2.If there was anything you could have changed about the first week, what would it be? The food here is nasty. It’s like I’m being transported back to Elementary every day. Cold burritos? Chocolate milk with Lucky Charms? Come on now, there has to be funds for this camp somewhere.

3.Is there anything you’d like the Camp Council to discuss concerning your stay here? How about merging with the troubled boy’s camp? I hear they need some good shoulders to cry on. And we girls are known for being sympathetic to them. Oh and how about changing the curfew to about 11. Who goes to bed at 9:30pm? 

Camp Files- First Day Evaluation
Filed: 6/02/08 
By: Sara Wisner, Camp Psychologist
Name: Naomi Harper 
Age: 15
DOB: 3/10/93 
School: Silverton High School 
Year: Sophomore 
Cabin #: 10
Roommate: Alaia Craig 

1.On a scale of 1-10, 1 being the worst and 10 being the best, how would you rate your day here at Camp Miracle? My rating would be a 1. My roommate refuses to leave me alone. Can’t I just get some peace and quiet for once without the bimbo blonde yapping away about her dozens of boyfriends, then comparing herself to me, she says if she was a guy she’d date herself. 

2.If there was anything you could have changed about the first day, what would it be? I would have planned to hang a sign on my door that said “Leave me Alone.” That would teach them. The other girls seem needy.

3.Is there anything you’d like the Camp Council to discuss concerning your stay here? I think we should be allowed to either have roommates or not. I would have chosen not to have a nosy roommate. I’ve seriously been stressed every since my mother died long ago, and I think that if people left me alone for a minute a day, I wouldn’t have snapped at everyone in the first place. I also think that we should have better mosquito nets. The one over my bed has a huge rip in it and I already have eight bug bites around my neck. 

Camp Files- First Day Evaluation
Filed: 6/03/08 
By: Sara Wisner, Camp Psychologist
Name: Moira Finnegan 
Age: 14
DOB: 5/20/94 
School: Lincoln High School 
Year: Freshman
Cabin #: 8
Roommate: None 

1.On a scale of 1-10, 1 being the worst and 10 being the best, how would you rate your first day here at Camp Miracle? My score would be a 7. Its way nicer then my stay at the Home, where they poked and prodded me like a test rat. I kind of miss having someone to talk to, like a roommate of some kind, but it’s probably better this way. I don’t know how the girls would react. I’ve already been labeled a psychopath. 

2.If there was anything you could have changed about the first day, what would it be? I would have changed the whole ordeal getting here. My dad is slightly over bearing with the cuffs, like I would attack anyone. And the van was a tad over the top. I’m surprised there wasn’t a straight jacket in the equation. I would also change my clothing, if I could. 

3.Is there anything you’d like the Camp Council to discuss concerning your stay here? I would like the council to rethink the entire program. Making a bunch of mentally challenged girls (some more than others) hike and run and do all these taxing activities does absolutely nothing. I demand medication; my head hurts like no other. And a little Tylenol never hurt anybody. I think.

Camp Meeting Transcript 6/03/08
Sarah Wisner: It’s been two days since we talked together as a group. I take it a lot has happened. There was that great hike that Counselor Sallies took us on. Then we had that rousing campfire the day before. I thought you all were incredibly well behaved, especially to those you share a room with. So tell me, what have you learned about your roommates? Chloe? Why don’t you start us off. Uh Chloe? Is she even up yet?
Chloe: [snoring]
Phoebe: [smacks]
Chloe: Hmmm? What?
Phoebe: [whispers]
Chloe: Why the hell would I say that?
Phoebe: [shoves]
Chloe:  Ouch.
Sarah: Ahem?
Chloe: Oh…um…I learned that my roommate is a royal pain to live with.
Phoebe: WHAT! 
Chloe: She refuses to let me put in a word on how the cabin should be arranged AND she cleans like an OCD patient. How many times have you cleaned the sheets again? twelve times? I mean hello, there’s a reason we have something called Dirt and Sweat.
Phoebe: Well at least I know when to follow directions. Unlike you.
Sarah: Girls, that’s enough. Sit down, now.
Sarah: Okay, Phoebe, since you’ve already spoken, we’ll hear from Alaia now.
Alaia: Well, I found out that my poor roommate’s mother kicked the bucket three years ago from. She died from something I can’t remember. Hey Naomi what was it again?
Naomi: She died from TB. 
Alaia: Yeah, and she doesn’t like being here because she’s so far from her family and friends. I on the other hand miss my boyfriend. He’s coming to pick me up, you know.
Sarah: Sure he is dear…Naomi, are you alright? Why are you shaking?
Naomi: No I’m not fine…and I’m not shaking…
Sarah: Is it something Alaia said? 
Alaia: What did I do?
Naomi: She called me stupid and she always says she’s better than me and prettier because she’s richer. She just has her head stuck up her butt.
Aaia: Why you…
Sarah: I think that’s enough for now.
Ashley: But what about our roommates? What about Moira? Why does she get a free room and we have to share with each other? Aren’t we entitled to privacy?
Sarah: She’s a special case.
Jessica: How special?
Moira: Special enough to stay the hell away from you girls like the fucking Plague. 
Jessica: If you’re really special, then where’s your helmet?
Chloe: Who there partner. Calm down.
Moira: Let me go! Let me at her.
Chloe:  Now stay there.
Moira: HMPH 
Naomi: [softly] It’s okay, don’t listen to her.
Jessica: Is it true you spent your entire childhood in a nut house?
Moira: Why…
[smack]
Jessica: OW, my nose! [muffled]
Sarah: This meeting session is over. Now off to bed. 
[door slams]
Ashley: Wow, Moira is a psycho bitch… 
Nicole: Yeah holy shit did you see what she did?
Jillian: Why did they let her go? I mean she punched poor Jess…
Nicole: I know…now what to do….
Ashley: I know! Follow me.
Counselor Sallies’s Mail Inbox

Date: 6/03/08 Name: Ashley Wittier	
Concern: I’m concerned about a young camp mate named Moira Finnegan. It seems that the security of this camp has gone a little lax. Is it really necessary to keep a crazy person around? I mean is anyone here caring for OUR safety?

Date: 6/03/08 Name: Nicole Lennox
Concern: Moira Finnegan bit me! I swear she did. She bit me like on the arm and I swear I’m like bleeding from my arm right now as I write this. No joke. Send the crazy bitch home before she does this to someone else. I mean it. Get her out of here.

Date: 6/03/08 Name: Jillian Coupe
Concern: Moira Finnegan tried to attack me with a knife this morning and I have the bruise to prove it. It’s totally legit. I didn’t get it from my ex boyfriend from last week. She’s a complete psycho.

Date: 6/04/08 Name: Jessica Milhouse
Concern: Moira Finnegan punched me in the nose. I demand that she be sent back to where she came from.

Date: 6/04/08 Name: Moira Finnegan
Concern: I’m a tad on the concerned side that there might have been a break out from the Sociopathic Liars Ward at the Asylum and a few of the inmates have been successful in passing themselves off as “troubled girls” at Camp Miracle. I just wanted to point that out and hopefully we can address it at a later date. Hopefully with lots of expulsions and Tylenol. 

Camp Files-Future Letter to Me
Filed: 6/04/08
By: Carrie Eastman, Camp Supervisor

Dear Future Chloe,
Four days in this hell hole that calls itself Camp Miracle is taking its toll and I think I’ve just might have lost it. Well, not that you already knew that. You probably are in therapy for it right now. Hope the Gin and Tonic’s treating you nice. Anyways, where was I? Oh yeah, the camp lady wanted me to address you with some advice for the future or some musings for the past. I guess I could go ahead and say that this past activity is LAME. I mean, the idea that I’ll read this in the future is very remote. I’ll be too busy keeping up with the high life of LA, keeping my career in Hollywood on track to even bother reading something my 18 year old self wrote after she had been forced to a camp in dreary old Oregon by herself absorbed parents who cared less about her. They are so controlling, I hope you’ve picked the worst nursing home for them. They’re immigrants that told me that I should take advantage of what the US has to offer, yet when I do, its instant punishment. Like I just touched a priceless object in a museum after being told not to. They are such hypocrites, the two of them. I can’t wait till this damn camp is done so I can go back to school at UCLA.

Sincerely,
Present Chloe 

Cabin Board Conversation - #12 6/04/08
Hey Phoebe, would you mind not mopping the floors every day? I’d like not to slip and break my head open ever night when I come back from the shower - Chloe

Maybe if you kept your end of the cleaning bargain, this wouldn’t have to happen at all. - Phoebe

Cleaning bargain? If you mean that piece of paper the Camp Director had us sign like four days ago, then I say Nay. I don’t follow camp rules – Chloe

Well maybe if you started you could get out of here faster and let me have a cabin all by myself – Phoebe

You know I would love to, but there is no way in hell my parents would welcome me back a few days after dropping me off. Now how about handing over my cigs. – Chloe

I have no idea where they went - Phoebe

Shut up I know you do, now cough them up or those Chlorox wipes are going bye bye when I get back from my little excursion from the Caribbean - Chloe

I still have no idea, I won’t cough them up that’s gross, good luck getting those wipes from my bed and it’s not a excursion in the Caribbean if you’re just canoeing down the river a few yards down the river. – Phoebe

Do you always have to be a kill joy? Oh and btw your skirts are done at the communal dryer - Chloe

Sorry I have morals. -Phoebe

Camp Files-Future Letter to Me
Filed: 6/04/08
By: Carrie Eastman, Camp Supervisor

Dear Future Me,
This is stupid. I don’t see the point. The idea that I would even want to speak to my future self is preposterous. I mean, is that even figuratively possible? I think already know what I’ll be doing in a few years. Attending NYU, marrying a rich man and popping out a few kids. All that and keeping house, because a house full of kids can be quite hectic and I’m just the person to keep them in line. That’s all I can think of. Oh, and if any of my kids have problems, I’m sending them to the nearest psych ward. This camp is hell for anyone with half a mind to stay in their room and not talk to anyone else. I’ve never met so many nut cases, especially in the health section. My roommate has already told me about her drinking escapades. I’m amazed she’s still alive, or that her liver is functioning. She deserves the title of Human Sponge. I’m a bit nervous about her social life her. She’s already palled up with a kid here named Alice or something fancy, I can’t remember. That kid’s a piece of work, and she’s working the slut card big time. I’ve caught her making cat eyes at the counselors and the Director. I pity her roommate, the girl looks like a shivering Chihuahua. I wonder what her name is. 

From
Present Me (Phoebe) 

Overheard Conversation – Cabin #12 6/04/08
Phoebe: That was so stupid…
Chloe: What? Oh you mean you mopping the floor last night while I was sleeping? Yeah that was pretty st—
Phoebe: Not that dumbass, I mean the damn survey they gave us yesterday.
Chloe: Oh yeah that…were we supposed to write something like comments or something on it? I didn’t. 
Phoebe: You did, I saw yours on my way out. Were you drinking again?
Chloe: Can’t since someone flushed all my stash down the drain. Now all I can do is stare at the empty bottle by my bed and imagine drinking myself to sleep…
Phoebe: Uh sorry. Would give you a cigarette as a apology but I threw them away.
Chloe: Ok…wait you WHAT?! I thought you said you didn’t know where they were…
Phoebe: Yeah I know, I mean I didn’t know where they ended up after I threw them away. For all I know they’re still in the trash can.
Chloe: Where? What trash can? 
Phoebe: Whoa! Slow down there. It’s not anywhere around here. Besides, you need the fresh…
Chloe: I’ve been craving a smoke for weeks now…
Phoebe: Quitting cold turkey is never easy…
Chloe: BUT I DIDN’T WANT TO QUIT.
Phoebe: Oh really? I thought you did with that nasty smoker’s cough. Plus all your clothes smell like ash.
Chloe: Maybe I like my clothes smelling like that? Maybe I like the sound of my throat clearing like a man’s.
Phoebe: You’re…strange. You know that?

Camp Files-Future Letter to Me
Filed: 6/04/08
By: Carrie Eastman, Camp Supervisor

Dear Future Alaia,
Hey there, girl. How are the parties? Got a boy toy yet? I know I don’t. The boy’s camp is like a mile hike away, and I didn’t bring any sneakers with me. I’ve been borrowing my roommate’s. She’s finally stopped crying and is a bit easier to talk to. She doesn’t yell at me anymore, that’s a plus. Though calling me a narcissistic prick of a girl is a tad harsh. I don’t love myself that much. I mean, I know some girls would trade their dull lives to be in my shoes, but they don’t have to take it on me personally. Now that I think about it as I write, I do see people calling me the same thing here. And they all are a little shallow…but that’s just my theory. I don’t think I’m shallow, just a bit self indulgent. I mean, I deserve to be. I survived this stupid camp for 4 freaking days. Now where’s my medal? They really need some new counselors, preferably a few single ones. I’m getting sick of the wedding rings that I get when I try to make a conversation. And when I get back, it’s shopping time with my friends. None of the girls here have an iota of a clue what fashion means, not even the girl from LA, Chloe. Though I’ll give her credit, she’s a great partier. 

Love,
Present Me

Cabin Board Conversation - #10 6/04/08
Hey Naomi, I’ll be back soon. There’s a camp swimming competition at the lake in a few minutes. Don’t mess up the cabin while I’m gone alright? And don’t touch my stuff– Alaia

Why would I want to touch your clothes, they’re all too big for me. –Naomi

Haha, I’m not that much bigger then you. See you at campfire – Alaia

Can’t, I’m going to a yarn spinning class in the mess hall in a hour – Naomi

Yarn Spinning? That’s for old people – Alaia

Yeah, but it’s been around forever. The wicked fairy godmother spun yarn in Sleeping Beauty – Naomi 

Can I join then? – Alaia 

Sure…wait why the sudden change of heart - Naomi

Maybe if I start spinning, a knight in shining armor will come and rescue me from this joint – Alaia

And cue Swoon – Naomi

Shut up. It might happen. I mean it happened to Sleeping Beauty – Alaia

You’re thinking about Cinderella. Sleeping Beauty fell asleep for a hundred years and woke up with a kiss – Naomi

On the hand or cheek? – Alaia

Lips…why would it matter? – Naomi

So he made it to second base....it does matter. I’m just comparing standards then to now. Really – Alaia

Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty were stories. Pure fictional. No Ye Olde Standards here, just plain storytelling. –Naomi

Wait…it was all fake? Cinderella was fake? Why didn’t you tell me this sooner? That means all my trips to Sleeping Beauty’s Castle in Disneyworld…? –Alaia

Yeah sorry - Naomi

Camp Files-Future Letter to Me
Filed: 6/04/08
By: Carrie Eastman, Camp Supervisor

Dear Future Me,
I miss my family already. Five days without my little siblings tugging on my arms for attention, not being able to make their sandwiches for school, walking the two of them to the bus, greeting my dad after his day job, I miss it all. I know it sounds weird confessing it to you, someone I barely know, but I just had to. My roommate just misses the beaches of Florida and the millions of boys there. I really don’t think the entire purpose of this camp has sunken into her thick head yet. She still thinks she is the best thing since sliced bread, and the fact that she’s labeled all the girls including me as plain justifies her beliefs in some way that is foreign to me. I mean, she’s not exactly pretty, especially with that crowning attitude of hers. I’m still shocked they haven’t kicked her out for nearly crawling into bed with one of the counselors. Not that he would have gone all the way, I mean, he’s married. Like I said, I can’t wait to go home, where everyone’s level headed and the town folk know me and will say hi when I wave at them. I know my family misses me, I mean, who else is there to take care of them? My parent’s extended family has abandoned us for good, they deem us unworthy.

Good Bye,
Naomi Present

Overheard Conversation - #10 6/04/08
Alaia: I can’t believe he dumped me over a letter! What happened to text messaging? I mean I might be in the middle of nowhere, but I still have…one bar and almost no battery. I’m screwed…
Naomi: Maybe he wanted to break…
Alaia: He said he loved me…we were supposed to get hitched…
Naomi: Sometimes the right one is hard to find Alaia. Besides you’re almost eighteen…you can’t get hitched legally for another year. 
Alaia: Thanks for pointing that out Nene. Not that I needed you to do that for me.
Naomi: I’m just trying to help. Don’t kill the messenger.
Alaia: Well here’s a word of advice for you…DON’T. You’re not helping. At all.
Naomi: Alaia please…let me help. I might not know what it’s like to have a boyfriend, but I do know what it feels like to lose someone you love.
Alaia: Your mom doesn’t count. You’re supposed to love her…
Naomi: I didn’t lose just her you know…
Alaia: Oh let me guess, you lost…a dog too. Still doesn’t count.
Naomi: Let me finish. I didn’t lose a dog. Never had one since half of the family is allergic and there’s no way I’m dealing with fur. I actually lost someone close to me last year.
Alaia: And who’s that may I ask?
Naomi: My best friend since I was a baby. Madeleine Almer. Died from a fall of a water tower after climbing it after Prom…still miss her
Alaia: Oh…I’m sorry…

Camp Files-Future Letter to Me
Filed: 6/04/08
By: Carrie Eastman, Camp Supervisor

Dear Future Moira.
I hope you’re in a better place than me. Last meeting, one of the girls called me Special Ed, like I was some sort of retard because I got my own room. I got her, till one other camper decided she had to tear us apart. And the girl told them my secret, and her lackeys are spreading rumors that I’m a psychopath that wants to kill them in their sleep. Now I sit by myself in the corner of the dinning commons; I walk alone after a midnight campfire where I invariably sit by myself and I sleep in a cabin, by myself. They treat me like I’ve developed an invisible case of Leprosy. It’s killing me to walk by a group of girls and not feel like they like me. Thanks Counselor Moron for not sending Jessica the Jerk and her posse away, now I have no one. Now I feel like shit. Why don’t I just end it? It’d be much easier to die, then to live another shit filled day. I’m pretty sure my mother and father wouldn’t miss me. That would mean one less kid for them to argue over, one less alimony payment to make. I could just slip into the lake, drowning doesn’t hurt and no one would notice that I’m gone till the very end of the camp. Who am I kidding? I’ll make it.

Sincerely
Moira

Overheard Conversation - #8 6/04/08
Moira: I can’t believe he told them!
Chloe: Calm down, it’s no big deal…
Moira: To you it isn’t…
Phoebe: Myra, listen maybe it was a misunderstanding…
Moira: How can you misunderstand privacy? How? All I asked was that he keep my asylum days under wraps…now the entire camp thinks I’m crazy.
Naomi: We don’t think you’re crazy…
Moira: Yes Naomi, that’s because you have a brain. The other girls don’t. They probably think I’m a axe murderer…There is no way I can face them now…
Ashley: Hey Moira, how’s it going? Still have a axe to polish?
Moira: Shut up Twit number one, can’t you see I’m talking to my friends?
Nicole: Friends? I didn’t know crazy people could have friends…
Ashley: Anyone with a brain wouldn’t be friends with someone crazy…like us.
Phoebe: Oh congratulations you two...you guys just realized you have brain cells. D’aww isn’t that sweet. Now do us a favor and rub those two new bunches of brain cells together and find a way to get the fuck out of here before I go ballistic on your asses.
Moira: Feebs it’s nothing really…
Ashley: Yeah Feebs, it’s nothing. We’re just talking about, y’know…
Phoebe: Don’t…call me that.
Nicole: What? Feebs? It has a nice ring to it. Feebs, feebs, feebs.
Phoebe: SHUT UP!
Ashley: Ow! Get off me…Help! Someone help…she’s choking me!
Phoebe: Down Moira! Get off of her right now!
Moira: Hold still bitch…Let me go! Let me at…let GO!

Camp Meeting Transcript 6/05/08
Camp Director: I hope you all have been learning something these last six days.
Chloe: Hey, Mr. Director?
Camp Director: It’s Mr. Kroger.
Chloe:  Okay sure. Whatever. Mr. Kroger…where’s Moira? 
Camp Director: She decided to waive.
Phoebe: We can waive the meeting? Where was I when this came about?
Chloe: Probably in the washroom cleaning your clothes for the fifteenth. 
Phoebe: [shrugs] you’re probably right.
Camp Director: Whoa! 
Phoebe: What? 
Camp Director: Nothing it’s just…I’ve never seen you two agree on anything.
Chloe: We’ve learned to compromise…a bit. 
Phoebe: We still can’t decide over who does what in the small cabin.
Camp Director: It’s nice to see two girls making progress…how about you two?
Naomi: We’re okay. Alaia is still coping though. 
Camp Director: What’s the matter Alaia? Miss your folks already? It’s okay if you do, many girls here do.
Alaia: My boyfriend dumped me yesterday he said I was pigheaded…why did he called me that?
Phoebe: Maybe because you are?
Alaia: But…what does it mean? I’m confused.
Naomi: It means you’re full of yourself. 
Alaia: Oh…
Camp Director: Well then, do any of you have any complaints or comments.
Chloe: Yeah…how about putting a tracking thing on Moira
[silence]
Jessica: I have no problems…
Chloe: That’s because you’re way too busy killing off one of the normal ones.
Jessica: I have no idea what you’re talking about. I’m a hundred percent innocent. Now excuse…
[smack]
Jessica: Ow my face! 
Phoebe: I guess meetings over. 

Cabin Board Conversation (Chloe) - #12 6/05/08
Hey Chloe, how are you holding up in there? I can’t believe they’ve placed you on suspension! – Georgia

Georgia- Thanks for the sympathy train, but I think I can manage this by myself. It’s not that bad. I just have to remind Phoebe to bring me dinner from the commons. – Chloe

Chloe, I’m so sorry about what happened yesterday. That Jessica is such a bitch, I’m surprised the Psych lady hasn’t sent her away yet. She makes Alaia look like a farm girl. – Naomi

Naomi- Aw, that’s all right. I’m fine. It felt so good giving that righteous girl a piece of my fist. She’s been treating everyone like shit since she got here. It’s like she feels titled to everything since she’s from S.F. and I’m from LA. – Chloe

Dear Chloe, if you want to get out of this confinement, just go and tell Jessica you’re sorry. She’s really nice about it, and she doesn’t want you to suffer anymore because of a stupid misunderstanding – Ashley

Dear Ashley,
Bite me 
Sincerely, 
Chloe

Chloe, don’t listen to her drones. You’ve done something I wished I could have done. I know this sounds weird coming from me, but since you’re my roommate, I have some responsibility towards you. I feel awful about it. I wish I could have taken the blame. – Phoebe

Phoebes, don’t worry. Just keeping sending me food and it’s all good. Chloe

Hey there – Moira

She’s alive! Good Morning Sunshine – Chloe

Cabin Board Conversation (Phoebe) - #12 6/05/06
Phoebe, remember to get snacks on your next trip to the commons. I’m starving over here – Chloe

Sure thing. Why don’t you make a list and I’ll stick it in my pile of things to do later, you know, before I die. - Phoebe 

Phoebe…whoa, a tad harsh aren’t we? What got your panties in a bunch? - Chloe

Oh, nothing. It’s just that we’ve been trying to organize a camp trip to the local amusement park and I’ve been given the leadership, something that only happens once in a full moon for me, and I have to make sure you don’t starve to death and that the cabin is in order, and I have to wash clothes…shit I have to go. Talk to you later. –Phoebe

Phoebe, shit I had no idea. Don’t let my hunger bother you then. Have fun and hopefully I’ll be off suspension by then. – Chloe

Don’t worry about the food part. I’ve commandeered Naomi to help. – Phoebe

You commandeered her? What are you now, a pirate? – Chloe
Aye. – Phoebe

Hey Phoebe, just wanted to congratulate you on the promotion, and I was wondering if I could borrow your detergent. I ran out last week and wearing soiled clothing is GROSS! – Alaia

Yeah, sure go ahead. Just ask Chloe to find it, I think it’s under her bed. – Phoebe

Hey there, it’s just Moira saying hello. - Moira 

Nice to see you’re still breathing see you later– Phoebe

Cabin Board Conversation (Alaia) - #10 6/06/08
Alaia where did you put my detergent I let you borrow yesterday? There are other people who want to do their laundry, you know. – Phoebe

Sorry, I lent it out to the Camp Director. I have no idea if he used it all or not. I’ll buy you some more, I swear. I just got distracted and forgot it wasn’t mine – Alaia

Alaia, it’s okay, really. I’ll buy more later. The doctor uses the same stuff as me, so I’ll just borrow hers. Don’t stress. Have fun at the lake. – Phoebe

Thanks! If I’m lucky I’ll get a gem for each of you. I wonder if Moira wants one. – Alaia

I would doubt it. She barley leaves her cabin. She might be rotting in there by now. Like me in mine. – Chloe

Oh shut up. She’s probably hung over on Vicadin. – Alaia

You two are so mean. She’s fine. I think the taunting is getting to her. I wished those 4 would hike it to the forest and get lost in a wolf’s den. Then again they’d probably get along with the wolves. – Naomi

Whoa, that’s the meanest thing I’ve heard you say in 5 days. Where did the sweetheart go? – Alaia

I’m still here, I just wished Jessica and her party would just go POOF and disappear. They’re really getting on my nerves right about now.  – Naomi

Amen to that, the poof part I mean. - Alaia

I second too Alaia. – Phoebe 
	
Cabin Board Conversation (Naomi) - #10 6/06/08
So, Naomi, care to tell me how you single handedly got Jessica the Jerk and her 3 drones kicked out of camp? – Phoebe

Oh, it was nothing, I just kept the postings they made on her message board and turned them all in when I had about 50. They can’t spell. – Naomi

No shit Sherlock. They spelled wrong without the w when they were writing to the director, saying it was entirely my fault. As if he’d actually believe them. – Chloe.

Chloe! You’re off suspension! – Naomi

Yep, and the counselors are regretting every second of it. I don’t think they wanted to let me go, but since they proved Jessica and her lackeys guilty, that made me innocent. It feels good to breathe in the free air again. – Chloe

Well, welcome back. Next time, remember to keep your anger in check. – Naomi

Yes mother. Do you want me to wash my face too? – Chloe

Ha! - Naomi 

Hey Naomi, do you know where my flip flops went? I swear I left them under my bed. – Alaia

You threw them away a week ago. – Naomi

Aw man, now I have to buy new ones when I go back. - Alaia 
Sucks to be you. You can borrow mine if you want. – Naomi

Hey thanks. Don’t worry. I’ll bring them back I swear. – Alaia

I’m not worried about you forgetting. I’m wondering if they’ll fit. - Naomi

That’s funny…not - Alaia

Ha! Is too – Naomi

Cabin Board Conversation (Moira) - #8 6/07/08
Moira! Are you breathing? You’ve been stuck in there for days. The girls are gone. They won’t tease you anymore, we promise. Please show us some sign of life. Please. – Naomi

Hey. – Moira

Holy Crap, she lives! It’s about time too. The doctor is about to call the ambulance if she can’t get into your cabin. Can you unlock the door so we can come in? – Chloe

No – Moira

And could you give us more than one word as an answer. I feel like I’m talking to a robot.-Chloe

Leave me alone – Moira

No, not until you come out and tell us what’s wrong. We haven’t talked to you in a long time. Now just come out and tell us what’s been bugging you for this entire time. – Chloe

You guys wouldn’t understand - Moira

Try us. – Alaia

I’ve worked four years to break free from the prison my parents sent me to as a kid. Now I’m here and it’s the exact same thing, only in a camping area. I can’t go outside without supervision; I can’t have many friends because I’m a danger to myself and others. And I can’t have a roommate because I’m too “mentally unstable” to function ever.

Wow…you’re right, I don’t understand. But I do know that you have 4 friends who want to talk to you. Meet us by the camp fire, before the bonfire. We have a lot to cover. - Alaia

Sure - Moira 

Friendly Chat Transcript - 6/07/08
Moira: Okay I’m here, what now?
Phoebe: Sit down over here. We have something that we want to tell you…
Chloe: We’re here because we wanted you to know that we care. We truly do. You have no idea how many bloody noses we gave out while you were in hiding. I think some of the girls might need facial reconstruction surgery when they go home. 
Moira: That’s really sweet of you guys, but I can take care of myself. 
Chloe: Whoa there…
Phoebe: We wanted to let you know that if any of the other girls give you trouble. You can call us, we’re more than happy to help. You shouldn’t be facing them by yourself. 
Naomi: We all have our own demons to deal with. We all can’t face them by ourselves. That’s why we’re here. 
Alaia: You can’t be your only crusader. Like it or not, we’re your friends and we’re here for you when you need us.
Moira: That’s sweet you guys, but really I can deal with this by myself.
Chloe: Oh no you don’t. Whenever someone says that, they mean suicide…
Moira: I’m not gonna kill myself…
Alaia: Are you sure?
Moira: I’m a hundred percent positive.
Alaia: Look me in the eye when you say that.
Naomi: Look her in the eye Moira…
Moira: Why do you guys even care what I do with my life anyways? You have your own lives. Stay out of mine okay?
Alaia: Because we’re your friends Moi…
Moira: I don’t have any…Well none that have stayed around long enough to be called my friends.
Chloe: Well you do now. And we need you, just like you need us.
Moira: I told you guys before. I don’t need anyone. Everyone who’s helped me has sent me to the mental hospital or left me completely. Do me a favor and don’t bother. I can deal with my demons by myself. 
Chloe: MOIRA! Come back! Please? We just want to talk it out…
Moira: LEAVE ME ALONE
[beat]
Phoebe: Well there goes our golden chance to make a difference. Now she’s definitely going to try and hang herself again…
Naomi: Don’t say that. She’s just angry at us that’s all. Maybe we should’ve been a little more, I dunno..subtler about it…
Chloe: How could we be more subtle. She has a problem and someone had to tell her that.
Phoebe: But she didn’t want to know, that’s the problem. And now that the cat’s out of the bag, she’s running for the hills.
Alaia: There was a cat in a bag? Where?
Naomi: It’s a figure of speech Alaia. Means letting out a secret.
Alaia:…okay. Wait what’s that?
Naomi: What’s two plus two?
Alaia: Pffft that’s easy. It’s eight.
Naomi: Everybody, Einstein. Give her a round of applause…
Phoebe: Lay off the sarcasm Naomi. This is Moira we’re talking about, not Alaia’s inability to count.
Naomi: Sorry just being optimistic…
Chloe: So are we…so are we…

Dear Camp, 
Well you did it, you finally cured me. I guess I can say thanks since I no longer feel suicidal anymore. I can breathe again. I know exactly where my life is headed. And it’s right for the lake. I hope you’re damn proud.
-Moira

Dear Naomi, Phoebe, Alaia and Chloe,
You four are really great friends. I love you all and don’t worry I’m in a better place while you read this. No one means more to me then you guys and I hope you all know that. Keep on living for me, even if you really doubt it, just keep living the dreams. 
-Love, Moira 

Dear Mom and Dad,
From the moment you dropped me off at the nut house, I wanted you to rot in hell. Now I see that you did it out of love. I forgive you. Now can you forgive me for what I’ve done? Say yes. I love you.
-Moira 

Dear Jessica and Croonies,
I know by the time you get this either you’ll be jumping for joy that I’m dead or possibly telling everyone you had nothing to do with it. But let me tell you…you did. You did this and I hope I end up making you fucking proud. I hope that after all of this, you will look back in the past when you’re older and say “Yes. That day in June 2008 was great because I helped push a girl off the cliff.” 
-Moira (PS. FUCK YOU)



To whom it concerns;
This is my last will and testament and being of sounder mind and body then anybody around me, I hereby certify its truth. To my parents I leave my bedroom as is. And to my friends I leave this: See ya on the flip side.
Moira

News Flash 6/08/08 5:04am
Just a few hours ago rescue workers recovered the body of a 14 year old girl they believe belonged to the nearby troubled girl’s camp aptly named Camp Miracle. The girl, Moira Finnegan, was reported missing last night after a purported tiff with four of her friends. They say she had been threatening suicide after a few other camp girls mentally tormented her about her state of health, sometimes going on a limb calling Moira a psychopath. “I didn’t think she’d actually do it,” claims one of her close friends Naomi Harper, age 15, a young girl from a small town in rural Nebraska. The young girl’s death has led police to investigate into the troubled youth camp, where teenage girls are kept under lock and key until they change their ways. The camp has shut down since four this morning and there have been outside rumors that the girls have been cautioned to stay inside their cabins as police helicopters investigate the area for anymore escaped campers. 

The camp Director was unavailable for comments at the moment though the News team was allowed inside for a few brief interviews with several of the girl’s friends.

Feeb tell Chloe I need to pee. Do you have any bottles I can borrow. They still won’t let us out. – A
Alaia your aim sucks. FYI you hit my ass with that…PS I threw out all my bottles -C
Chloe how does this paper airplane feel? - A
Alaia like butter. Now stop chucking paper at me. I see the counselors walking over – C
Chloe that’s not the counselors, that’s the police. – A
Tomato, tomahto like I care who it is. STOP IT –C
A turn around now. They’ll see you. – P
Feeb? Why are you throwing things at me? – C
Whoops my bad. I meant to hit A, not you. Sorry – P
Did you mean to hit my head with that? – C
No. Sorry again. My bad. – P
Quit saying you’re sorry and just fess up – C
To what? – P
Nothing. – C
…shit they’re coming. Hide! - P


Dead Man River
A dead man was found yesterday down by the river, just chilling under an old, mossy oak tree in the middle of a pile of moss.
***
Lounging under the branches of the towering oak, his body was discovered by a trio of small town boys fishing on the sidelines of the swollen Bodega River. One of the boys cast his fishing line into the trees on the shore by accident and jumped in to save the hook and line that belonged to his father and not him. Treading water with one hand while hanging onto the fishing line with the other, he followed its path through the hanging branches of the oak tree, pushing thick branches and algae out of the way. He found the hook, imbedded in the dead man’s shirt, the floating corpse face down in the murky water. The boy screamed for his buddy, Call 911!
***
The call to 911 was too late. The man was already dead and had been for several hours. Sitting on the side of the one way dirt road that bordered the river, the two boys watched solemnly as a gurney was pulled by, a white tarp draped over. The discoverer clutched the blanket given to him by the police, wrapping it closer around him as the ambulance drove away, the body inside.
***
Located four miles from the Bodega River and a good two hour walk by foot sat the small town of Logan Point population three hundred, and that was during hunting season. The town was small enough that the Main street was only a block long, there was only one gas station and if you wanted to you could walk from one end of the town to the other in under a hour. It was there the ambulance stopped at, dropping the newly discovered corpse at the local coroner’s office.
***
The autopsy proved to be inconclusive. The man’s fingers and toes had been burned to a crisp, possibly before he died and his teeth had been manually removed with pliers, also before death.
***
The coroner allowed the police to take a photo of the deceased man, plastering his dead mug around town, asking people if they had seen him anywhere before. The resounding answer was No. No one could identify him, not even the local voodoo priestess who claimed to have seen his spirit walking towards the town. She later retracted her statement, saying she had been lying.
***
A month after the body’s discovery, the case went cold with no leads to finding the killer or clues as to who the dead man was. It was around that time, as the file was officially locked in the cold case file cabinet, the local voodoo priestess disappeared without a trace. Her cabin that she had inhabited for years was cleaned out in a day, no footprints or fingerprints could be found. People in town muttered amongst each other, some saying she was the killer; others saying it was all pure coincidence. How else could they explain the disappearance of the town weirdo?
***
Amidst the flying rumors that the voodoo shaman was the killer and she had gotten away, the police gave the final nod to the coroner, giving him the go ahead to embalm the now decaying corpse, preserving the man for burial. That didn’t stop the townsfolk from bombarding the police station with clues as to the voodoo priestess’s whereabouts. “She did it,” they hissed out loud.
***
The police didn’t listen though, instead going ahead with the funeral plans for the dead stranger. Picking out a cheap casket, they ordered the local cemetery to prepare a small plot in the corner of the grassy knoll that made up the burial grounds. Giving the man his final resting place.
***
A week later the funeral was held, up in the one room Baptist Church snuggled between the local bar and the small bookstore that also functioned as an AAA gathering on the weekends. It was an open casket affair with the dead man’s pale, sagging face with the eternal five o clock shadow peeking out from under the plastic casket. His eyes had been glued shut, shielding the young kids in church from seeing his glazed over eyes. He looked so peaceful, lying there in front of the pulpit. One would’ve thought he was just sleeping. During the short sermon given by the local pastor, one little child dared to poke the dead man’s face and ran screaming back to his mother.
***
After the funeral, the casket was hastily closed and the pallbearers rushed down the church aisle with the casket wobbling on their shoulders. There was a air of foreboding in the church that day.
***
No one followed the rented hearse on its journey from the church to the graveyard and the harried workers at the cemetery hurried their business when the hearse arrived. Dropping the casket into its burial spot without an inch of ceremony, they rushed to pack on the dirt, tossing in a few stones in for good measure. Not a word was spoken as they patted down the fresh mound of dirt with the backs of their shovels, the plot bare of flowers and new grass. As the workers tossed their shovels to the side, the wind started to pick up, blowing through the trees, disturbing the many crows that had made their nests. They weren’t the least concerned, the workers, as they quickly walked back to the warmth of their office by the mausoleum paying the crows no mind.
***
No one in town saw the fire coming until it was too late. Not a hour had passed after the dead man was buried when the local church roof burst into flames. Before the firemen could reach the sanctuary, the entire building was engulfed in flames. All they could do was watch. Everyone in town had an inkling of where the fire had come from, but no one dared to speak it out loud.


From the Whispering Doors of Martin County
Dove Creek

Dove Creek (population: 4,938)
Dove Creek was founded in 1854 by a band of highway robbers as a place to store their treasures. One hundred and fifty four years later, it’s now a quaint small town with large city amenities. Located eight miles east of Palmdale.

Saturday December 22, 2007 Dove Creek Graveyard
“Did you hear about the body police found yesterday?”
“Yeah, heard about it…”
“Yep…”
“It’s such a shame…”
“No kidding... the little kid was only eight.”
“From what I heard, her dad probably did it…”
“And yet they have no evidence against him…”
“Hand me the shovel…”
“They should arrest his ass, like on TV.”

Sunday December 23, 3007 177 Wyatt Court
“Patty? Kids? I’m home. Where is everyone, I’m starving.”
“Jack keep your voice down…its one in the morning.”
“It is?”
“Yes? Where have you been? I called…”
“Visiting the Widow O’Malley at her house.”
“It took three hours?”
“Uh yeah…”
“Honey…is that flower perfume I smell?”
“I just visited her, Patty. Okay? Nothing more.”

Monday December 24, 2007 Fresci Brothers Funeral Home
“Huhhh…”
“What a lovely casket.”
“Mmmhmm.”
“Sherry?”
“Uh huh?”
“Did you stub your cig on his face?”
“No.”

Tuesday December 25, 2007 237 Everlie Street
“Mommy! Watch Me! I’m gonna swim!”
“Okay honey, I’m watching...Mark! Don’t drop her honey.”
“I won’t, Hannah.”
“Mommy watch!”
“Mommy’s watching dear…Wow! Good job honey…”
“Mark!”
“Hey! Give me that remote back Chris.”
“No.”
“But I’m watching something…”
“You’re only making it worse…let’s go eat.”

Wednesday December 26, 2007 211 Ivy Street
“Mom?”
“What do you want Tom?”
“Where did you put Dad’s gun? I need it…”
“It’s in the closet…what you need it for?”
“Just gonna head off a chicken, mom.”
“We don’t have chickens Tom…”
“Uh…”
“Tom?”
“I bought a chicken last week…seriously I did.”

Thursday December 27, 2007 Dove Creek Middle School
“So, Lucy I was wondering if you would…”
“Sorry Brent I can’t talk now.”
“But I was just wondering if you…”
“Please Brent just leave it to rest, okay?”
“But Lucy…”
“No buts okay? Bye.”
“Lucy wait up…please just hear me out for once…”
“I don’t like you Brent.”
“…I love you…”

Friday December 28, 2007 358 Juniper Street
“Try these on Mama, I found them on sale…”
“Aw thank you Janie…uh Janie…help.”
“What’s the matter Mama, they don’t fit anymore?”
“My hand is stuck…Janie call your father over here.”
“What now?”
“My hand, its stuck…”
“And so?”
“Well don’t just stand there, do something.”
“Yeah Papa, help her…”
“Nah let her learn to free herself…”

Tuesday January 2, 2008 Saint Mary’s Hospital Psychology Wing
“Hey Mark, how are we doing today?”
“Fine, still running on three hours though…”
“What? I thought you were taking those sleeping meds…”
“I had a nightmare.”
“A nightmare? Tell me about it.”
“Well, I saw Celia last night…”
“By the kitchen door…smiling back…”
“I said her name…but she disappeared before my eyes…”
“Sounds like you’re still coping…”

Wednesday January 3, 2008 Dove Creek Elementary School
“Attention kids…”
“Ms. Lila…what’s that funny drawing behind you?”
“Oh this? This is…OH MY STARS! Who drew this?”
“You did, Ms. Lila.”
“No.”
“Yes you did, Ms. Lila.”
“I’d never draw…this.”
“What is it anyways Ms. Lila? Please tell us.”
“This…children is what we adults would call a…peen.”
“A what?”

Thursday January 4, 2008 Bill’s Internet Cafe
“Hey babe can you read this?”
“Uh sure…’Her glistening, velvet skin’…”
“Don’t you love it? Glistening skin…”
“If you’d let me finish reading it I would.”
“Oh sorry, go ahead. Keep reading then…louder please.”
“Are you fucking with me Pauli?”
“I never planned to fuck...”
“Never mind. Uh where was I…oh yeah…‘Her hands skim’…”
“Oh God I love that part…read it again...”
“THAT’S IT…read it your damn self…I’m leaving.”

Friday January 5, 2008 167 Laurel Street
“Hey Beth wanna see a really cool magic trick?”
“Uh sure…what’s it called? The Invisible Snot Creator?”
“No even better. It’s called the Magic Piggybank Trick.”
“Um…okay then…”
“Do you have a piggybank?”
“Uh huh no…I see where this is going.”
“Come on.”
“Nope, not buying it.”
“It’s a real magic trick, honest.”
“...MOM! STEVIE TRIED TO STEAL PIGGY!”

Saturday January 6, 2008 178 Wyatt Court
“OLIVIA! GET IN HERE!”
“What?”
“What’s this?”
“Uh…”
“Explain.”
“I swear it’s not mine…Devon must’ve dropped it…”
“Oh come on Olivia…”
“Mom, it’s not mine, honest to God.”
“Sure…God loves crack heads.”
“Mom…please.”

Sunday January 6, 2008 251 Deershead Road
“I can’t do this anymore…”
“Come on Cathy…please…”
“I just can’t Jack…”
“Cathy…please…”
“No.”
“Please.”
“NO.”
“Cathy…as your Pastor…just pretend you care for me…for God.”

Monday January 7, 2008 351 Juniper Street
“Mom? Why was there a crucifix nailed to the…”
“NINA! Mio Dios, put that back where it was…”
“Mom, take a chill pill okay? I was just…”
“Give me that…stupid girl…you never listen to your mama.”
“’Course I listen Mom, I just wanted to know…”
“Know what?”
“Why that dinky cross is there?”
“To keep out the Satan, mija.”

Tuesday January 8, 2008 232 Everlie Street
“Taylor, time to come inside…”
“Just a second…”
“Seconds up, now come inside honey.”
“Mom give me a minute…”
“What are you doing in that…little cave?”
“Making weapons.”
“And who would you use twigs and plank against?”
“Dragons.”
“…Well the dragons will have to wait. Go.”

Wednesday January 9, 2008 Dove Creek High School
“Psst…Rachel…what’s thirteen?”
“Shhh stupid.”
“What?”
“Shh, here she comes…quick, look away.”
“She’s not walking over…now what’s the answer?”
“Not telling you.”
“But I thought we had agreed…”
“Mr. Vyer…is there something you’d like to share?”

Thursday January 10, 2008 Dove Creek Middle School
“Lilly and Brian sitting in a tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G. First…”
“Shut up Brenna, I don’t like him like that.”
“Sure and that’s not a love...”
“No…not a love letter…it’s a belated Valentine…”
“huh….to who?”
“Uh…to…Mr. Parker from Math Class…”
“EW! You have a crush…”
“I don’t like him Brenna, you pervert…”

Friday January 11, 2008 318 Frost Street
“Looks like there’s a storm brewin.”
“Yeah, sure looks like it…”
“Sand bags?”
“Sand wha…oh yes, those. I filled them yesterday.”
“And they’re in the basement, or not?”
“Yeah they’re in the basement, wanna go check?”
“Nah I believe you.”
“…fifty years…”

Saturday January 12, 2008 Thompson Grocery Store
“That’ll be…”
“Evan! Get your hand outta there…sorry dear.”
“That’s okay, happens all the time here…”
“Evan I swear, get your hand off those strawberries...”
“Uh…Mrs. Swinson?”
“Just a minute…”
“DADDY!
“Sorry about that again…how much?”
“Hold on for a second…hello? Child Services?”

Sunday January 13, 2008 Tulcane’s Gun Shop
“Welcome to Tulcane Gun Store, how can I help?”
“How much for this Colt forty five?”
“Fifty.”
“Would you buy?”
“Uh as of right now…no we wouldn’t sorry man.”
“What do you mean not right now…”
“Because the thing’s wet…”
“Oh that’s just blood, it can wash off easily…”
“Blood?”
“Yeah blood…used it for the family chicken…I swear man…”

Monday January 14, 2008 Dove Bay
“Wow look at that surf…so perfect…”
“Look at the chicks…damn…”
“Could you be any bigger of a pig dude?”
“What? Not my fault they’re wearing tight bikinis.”
“Uh huh…by the way nice peen tent.”
“Fucking hell…”
“Go on, I’ll wait.”
“Man this is so fucking embarrassing…”
“Embarrassing? As your sister…I’m more embarrassed for me…”

Tuesday January 15, 2008 Canyon Freeway
“Damn…”
“Can I help you?”
“Yeah officer…I’m lost. Where’s the Ten to Los Angeles?”
“Take a left down this road…then right…”
“Hold on…take left…then take a right. Okay…and?”
“After that right then you’ll go straight…”
“Hold on…”
“And when on your right is the ten freeway.”
“…Got it. Tha---whoa…that was fast…weird people…”

Wednesday January 16, 2008 176 Wyatt Court
“I don’t understand how he could do…this to me…”
“Patty...”
“Why me?”
“Calm down…For Heaven’s sake don’t pass out on me…”
“I won’t do that…”
“No you won’t…you’re strong…”
“I just…”
“Let’s go upstairs, all right?”
“…okay…I still can’t believe he did this…”

Thursday January 17, 2008 237 Everlie Street
”Mr. Isler, do you have any comments to…”
“Leave me alone…”
“They say your daughter Celia was…”
“Leave me and my daughter alone…”
“Do you know the killer?”
“Like hell I don’t know…”
“People are saying that you did…”
“That I what?”
“That you killed your own daughter, Mr. Isler…”
“You people are sick puppies…”

Friday January 18, 2008 Dove Creek Goodwill
“It was awfully nice of Pastor Jack to…”
“I know…look at all these nice dress suits…”
“Mr. Ranger will be happy…”
“Louise?”
“What is it?”
“Call 911 now…I found something in here...it’s…a bloody…child’s dress…”
“Oh my God…”

Saturday January 19, 2008 177 Wyatt Court
“Look at my tower mommy…Mommy, mommy! Look! Look!”
“That’s really nice honey.”
“Where’s Daddy? I wanna show him…”
“Daddy’s gone.”
“Why? Where?”
“He had a meeting…”
“But Church is closed…”
“I know…”

Sunday January 20, 2008 Dove Creek Greyhound Station
“Taxi! Taxi! Over here....to John Wayne. Step on it”
“Where are you going Father?”
“Oh on a Pastoral vacation.”
“Really? Didn’t know they had those for priests…”
“Yes they’ve always, now shut up keep driving…”
“Okay, point taken…”
“Stop here, I can walk over…”
“Okay dude…”

Monday January 21, 2008 Dove Creek Police Station
“Officer.”
“We’ve got nothing.”
“Damn it…
“He’s gone Chief.”
“Not on my watch…Scribbs.”
“Yes?”
“You’re coming with me on a trip…”
“And where’s that sir?”
“John Wayne.”

Thursday January 22, 2008 Ivy Street
“Officer Cody, we have a hit and run victim…”
“When did this happen.”
“About four hours ago Sir. She’s barely hanging…”
“Her name…”
“Is Mae Weston, age eleven. Over here sir.”
“Mae? Mae…”
[Pause]
“Mae, I’m Officer Cody…”
“…Carrie…”
“And…Mae?...oh God no…”

Tuesday January 22, 2008 Dove Creek Community Church Recreational Hall
“What a beautiful bride Penny is…Abe? Abe…”
‘Uh yeah lovely…where’s the booze at?”
“Really Abe?”
“What? God…I’m just thirsty Harriet.”
“But it’s your sister’s wedding…”
“So? Didn’t stop me at her first one…”
“Shh…she’ll hear you…”
“Whatever…hey, you wanna go dance?”
“…let me take these off.”

Wednesday January 23, 2008 Saint Mary’s Hospital ER
“Where’s Mae? Where’s my sister?”
“Whoa there my dear.”
“Where’s my sister?”
“And you’re?”
“Her sister…Carrie Weston…”
“Carrie…I have some bad news…”
“What? Is she in a coma? No? What…oh god…”

Wednesday January 23, 2008 Dove Creek Graveyard
“Carrie…are you done yet? It’s getting dark outside honey…”
“Just a minute, Auntie Joy.”
“I gave you a minute already…”
“Just a second…”
“BEEP! second up, let’s go home now….”
“But I haven’t said goodbye…”
"You’ll have plenty time for that at the memorial…”
“Goodbye sis…”
“I’m leaving Carrie…now come on the cemetery’s closing…”
“It’s my entire fault…”

Thursday January 24, 2008 John Wayne Airport Terminal A
“Hey Holly?”
“What do ya want now Kim? What?”
“Does that guy over there look familiar to you?”
“Yeah…I think he rear ended…”
“No not like that…I think he’s Pastor...”
“Pastor Kelly? Uh yeah right Holly…Pastor Kelly’s dead…”
“No he didn’t! He’s standing right there Holly.”
“Whatever…Let’s go Kim.”

Friday January 25, 2008 259 Deershead Road
“Luke, get over and help me…”
“Kay Dad…damn this thing is heavy.”
“Blame your mom…”
“Hey Mom? Where you want this?”
“By the bookcase…”
“By the bookcase?”
“Steady now…now lower it…that’s right easy boy easy…”
“Well done boys…are you two ready for dinner?”
“Four more boxes, Elaine…”
“I’m hungry…”

Saturday January 26, 2008 213 Ivy Street
“Hey Suzy…can we talk or a second hun? Alone?”
“Sure, let me finish this report really quick…”
“Work can wait…I need to speak with you…”
“Okay… go ahead.”
“What?”
“Go on, I’m listening…”
“…marry me…”
“…did you just propose…”
“Yeah…”

Sunday January 27, 2008 200 Maple Street
“Come on Brian…Hurry up…”
“I’m comin. I’m comin.”
“Now…be really quiet…”
“Why? They can’t hear us, stupid head…”
“They won’t but the police will…”
“…Got the toilet paper?”
“Right here…now, follow my lead…”
“Aye Aye Captain…”

Monday January 28, 2008 238 Everlie Street
“Mommy! I cut my finger…”
“How did you do that?”
“Needle…”
“That’s stabbing yourself Doll…”
“Nuh huh…”
“Yeah huh, now come over here…”
“OWIE! Mommy! You’re hurting my finger!”
“That’s what happened if you don’t listen to….”
“MOMMY!”
“Stop crying…”

Tuesday January 29, 2008 John Wayne Airport Terminal B
“I can’t believe you lied to me, Jack Kelly…”
“Cathy, I can explain all this, please just listen…”
“I compromised my career, my family…my life…for you Jack…”
“Calm down….lets be rational adults for a few minutes…”
“Hmph…”
“Okay?”
“…no…you fucking flat out lied to me…fucking bastard.”
“Now Cathy, that’s no way to…”
“…goodbye…”

Wednesday January 30, 2008 High End Dress Shoppe
“Grace? Are you done yet?”
‘Almost darling.”
“Make it snappier, I have a meeting at eight…”
“Okay….what do you think of this? Love it?”
“How much?”
“Six thousand dollars, but it’s pretty…”
“Six thousand? For a dress? Good Lord Grace…”
“I already bought it for moi…”
“Oi…”

Thursday January 31, 2008 311 Frost Street
“Daddy! Ryan hit me!”
“Not true!”
“Yeah huh, he hit me with GI Joe…”
“Hush…”
“But Daddy! He hit me…right here…with GI Joe…”
“Oh really?”
“George? What’s the matter? I’m trying…”
“Just a little brother-sister tiff, Melanie…”
“MOM! Ryan hit me with his GI Joe again…”
“Ryan! Apologize to your sister…”

Friday February 1, 2008 Cabana Hut at Dove Bay
“Form a line ladies…you’ll all have your shot soon…”
“Josh? What the hell are you doing over there?”
“Nothing.”
“Nothing my ass…what’s with the bikini chicks?”
“I’m auditioning hot babes for my movie…”
“What movie? Girls Gone Gonorrhea Wild two? Heh…”
“Beach Babes Oh Nine, now if you’ll please…”
“Beach Babes? What’s that? Porn?”
“Uh…it’s kinda…not really…”
“God…you’re a fucking pervert…”

Saturday February 2, 2008 351 Juniper Street
“Hello? Anyone home? Mom? Dad? Frankie?”
“Over in here dear…”
“Mom! Guess what!”
“Mary! What is it dear?”
“Eddie proposed, mom…”
“He did? Oh dear…And what was your answer?”
“Yes…”
“Oh dear Lord…”
“Mom? What’s wrong…”
“Don’t tell your father…”

Sunday February 2, 2008 Dove Creek Cemetery
“I’m sorry…”
“It’s not your fault Carrie. It’s never your fault…”
“I can’t believe I hit her…”
“Accidents can happen.”
“I wasn’t even supposed to drive…”
“Stop beating yourself over your sister’s death already…”
“She was going on eleven…”
“She’s in heaven now with your parents…”
“Mom and Dad probably hate me right now…”
Angels will forgive you no matter what…

Monday February 3, 2008 Designer Cuts
“Hey Sherry? You off from work yet? I’m starving…”
“Does it look like I am?”
“Oops…my bad. Sorry”
“Yeah whatever…wait over there kay…I’m almost done”
“Are you done yet with the dye job miss?”
“Almost done Mrs. Jones, almost…”
One hour later…
“Okay fin…oh my dear God! This is awkward…”
“What? Does it look that bad?”
“Your hair’s blue…”

Tuesday February 4, 2008 203 Maple Street
“Okay boys drop her down a notch…”
“Excuse me…what’s that?”
“A piano, now move it…”
“HEY!”
“Move…”
“Stop pushing me…”
“Go…”
“Fine…by the way your rope snapped…”
“Tha…aw shit no…no fucking way…”

Wednesday February 5, 2008 Dove Creek Courthouse
“Guilty!”
“Your honor, my client is…”
“And how does your client plead Mr. Ryner?”
“She pleads Not Guilty your honor…”
“That so?”
“It is…”
“According to records, she pleads guilty…”
“The record has changed your honor…”
“Fine, bail is set at three million dollars…”
“Three million? I’m no fucking millionaire your honor…”

Thursday February 6, 2008 252 Deershead Road
“Hey Marv could you bring me some coffee please?”
“Henry…”
“What? Whose Henry…never heard of him…”
“My name is Henry, Mary.”
“You’re Henry…”
“Yes…”
“What happened to Marv then?”
“There is no Marv…”
“Yes there was, he was here yesterday…”
“That was me…Henry…Your loving, caring husband…remember me? You don’t?”

Friday February 7, 2008 177 Wyatt Court
“Honey? Jeff, why are you out of bed…at midnight?”
“Waiting for daddy…”
“Why?”
“Because, I think he’s coming back Mommy…”
“Honey you don’t know that he might…”
“No but I believe…”
“You can’t believe in something not there…”
“…you believe in God…”
“That’s different…”
“Nuh uh…Dad’s coming back home mommy...”

Saturday February 8, 2008 Dove Creek Police Station
“Captain!”
“What is it now Detective? I’m busy…”
“We found him sir…at Mary’s Hospital…”
“Mary’s?”
“Yeah looks like someone pushed him under a bus…”
“You mean…”
“He’s barely holding on…"
“I’ll be there…in a few…”

Sunday February 9, 2008 204 Maple Street
“Mike! Danny, come back inside, it’s time for dinner…”
“But mom! We’re about to…”
“No buts now put those away and come inside…”
“What about Camelot?”
“What about what? Where’s Camelot?”
“That’s Camelot…”
“Honey that’s Rover’s house…”
“But…we’re Camelot knights…see the shield?”

Monday February 10, 2008 Hamboy’s Burger Joint
“Hello? Anyone here? Uh, are you open this late?”
“Hello!”
“Hi, are you still open for orders?”
“We’re open twenty-four hours, seven days a week…”
“Okay then, can I have a number three…”
“No can do…”
“You just said I…”
“It’s eleven…we only take even numbered orders…”
“You guys are fucked…I’m outta here…”

Tuesday February 11, 2008 Saint Mary’s Hospital
“Jack…”
“Who’re you?”
“Detective Mallard…remember?”
“Long time no see Detective...”
“Wish I could say the same back…”
“You know…I didn’t mean to hurt Celli…”
“You killed her…”
“What?”
“She’s dead.”
“She’s not…”
“You bludgeoned, chopped and dumped her body Jack.”

Wednesday February 12, 2008 Saint Mary’s Hospital
“Hey Jack.”
“Mark? Whado you want?”
“Just wanted to see you…”
“Aw really?”
“And to tell you…fuck you.”
“Mark.”
“You sick sonofabitch, I hope you rot in hell.”
“I didn’t kill her Mark, I swear it.”
“Like fuck you did, bastard.”
“Don’t…try…don’t think about choking me…”

Wednesday February 12, 2008 165 Laurel Street
“You think this is a good idea?”
“Yeah…why not? Road trips are fun!”
“For those who suffer from insanity like you…yes…”
“Oh Amy…”
“Don’t be a sore puss.”
“This’ll be fun, really…”
“I predict a disaster will happen…”
“You always say something will happen…”
“So?”
“So, get in…”

Thursday February 13, 2008 Dove Creek Elementary School
“Wipe that scowl off your face Damien, pay attention…”
“Sorry Ms. Finch…how’s this instead?”
“Much better...now class…”
“Um, Ms. Finch? What’s he doing now?”
“Who? Oh…OH! Damien, stop that!”
“But Ms…”
“No buts…to the Dunce Cap…go now!”
“Look at Damien!...he’s a dunce…”
“Shut up!”
“Damien quiet…now where was I...oh yes I remember…”

Friday February 14, 2008 Dove Creek Community Pool
“My baby!”
“Mommy! Help me! I can’t swim!”
“Someone! Help!”
“Move aside Ma’am…”
“My baby, she’s drowning! Please save her…”
[Four nano seconds later]
“Oh God! Thank you so much. Thank you…”
“No need to thank me…”
“You save her…”
“Just doing my job, that’s all Ma’am…”

Saturday February 15, 2008 351 Juniper Street
“Honey please rethink this whole engagement…”
“No can do Dad…we are getting hitched.”
“But honey…”
“Nope, sorry…”
“Huh...okay then…guess I’ll have to take you out of...”
“DAD!”
“If you can’t even consider my feelings…”
“Your feelings? Try your pride…”
“…GET OUT! You’re not my kid anymore…”

Sunday February 16, 2008 315 Frost Street
“Mom? Is there any milk left? I’m totally thirsty…”
"Sorry kid, we ran out of milk yesterday…”
“Mom’s going to the grocery store…”
“For now use this powdered milk…”
“Powdered milk?”
“Yeah, you have a problem with this?”
“Uh no…it’s just…it’s just gross.”
“Well get used to it kid, we’re not rich…”
“But DAD!”

Monday February 17, 2008 304 Snyder Road
“Mommy? Can I?”
“Sure Trudy, go ahead and say grace for us.”
“Okay…Dear God, I’m grateful for…”
“No you idiot that’s not how you say Grace…”
“Shut up…”
“Dear God, I’m sorry about…
“MOM!”
“Greg let Trudy do it…”
“But mom…”

Tuesday February 18, 2008 239 Everlie Street
“Hey honey? Are you up.”
“Uh not yet, almost dressed…”
“Okay well hurry up, my parents are coming…”
“Aw shit...babe you gotta go right now…”
“But why? Your wife doesn’t know I’m here…”
“Yeah but my in laws are coming over so…”
“Can I meet them!”
“NO! now get out before she comes back…”
“Honey? They’re here…come down…who the hell are you? RYAN!”

Wednesday February 19, 2008 213 Ivy Street
“I can’t believe my own dad disowned me Eddie…”
“Calm down honey, it’ll be alright…hey look! A McDonald’s!”
“Is that all you can think about right now?”
“Uh no how bout we elope tonight?”
“Why? No one will care…”
“That’s the entire point Katie…”
“Oh…”
“Look there’s City Hall…you up for it?”
“Sure, why not…”
“Great, let’s go then…”

Thursday February 20, 2008 Dove Creek Community Church
“Excuse me, I’m Pastor Flynn…”
“Uh hi…”
"Hello…”
“And why are you here?”
“To take Pastor Kelly’s spot…”
“Oh…”
“…permanent replacement…”
“Shit…”

Friday February 21, 2008 180 Miller Road
“I bet you’ll lose…”
“No I won’t…”
“Ten bucks says you will, Pug.”
“Deal…”
“Against me. Alrighty then, get ready…”
“On your mark. GO!”
“Hey you cheated! No shoving your opponent.”
“I didn’t cheat you liar…”
“You did, you pushed me…”
“Did not…”

Saturday February 22, 2008 Starbucks
“I can’t believe he could do such a thing…”
“Killing a child because she would tell on him…”
“On Cathy…”
“To his wife, also her 3rd grade teacher…”
“And to pin the blame on Mark…”
“So wrong…”
“Mark would’ve never killed his kid…”
“I still can’t believe…”
“Neither can I. What a shame to us…”
“Yeah…”

Sunday February 23, 2008 Dove Creek Community Church
“Pastor Flynn, what are you doing?”
“Preparing for Sunday.”
“Okay, and what’s with the banner?”
“God loves saints, Satan loves the sinners?”
“Yeah about that…”
“It’s my objective to save the poor populace…”
“Well good luck with that Pastor. Bye.”
“Thanks.”

Monday February 24, 2008 177 Wyatt Court
“Patty? You home?”
“In the kitchen, Mark.”
“Listen, I’m sorry about all this about Jack…”
“Thanks…”
“I mean, it’s not your fault…”
“I know…”
“Okay?”
“Okay…”

Tuesday February 26, 2008 Dove Creek Main Street
“Hey Frank? What’s the meaning of this thing, life?”
“I dunno Dennis, I really don’t.”
“I mean, here we are…fucking drunk…”
“Shhh.”
“What?”
“Be really careful…there’s some kids behind us.”
“What? Where? I don’t see any kids…”
“Right behind…oh wait never mind. They’re mannequins…”

Wednesday February 27, 2008 Dove Creek Courthouse
“Mr. Klein, please call your next witness…”
“Yes your Honor.”
“Defense calls Ms. Carrie Weston to the stand, sir.”
“Yes?”
“Ms. Weston, did you run over your sister?”
“No sir, I never did that…”
“You lied about hitting your sister? Are you sure?”
“Yes sir, I am completely innocent.”
“Contempt in court…you’re in trouble now.”

Thursday February 28, 2008 Dove Creek Middle School
“Ed?”
“Uh just a second Ms. Lila.”
“What is the answer to number eight?”
“To number eight.”
“Yes Ed…what are you doing?”
"Nothing…um, the answer is B.”
“This isn’t multiple choice Edward, try again.”
“Uh…um…I really dunno.”

Friday February 29, 2008 Dove Creek Toyota Dealership
“Come on hun, this car is like brand new…”
“No thanks…”
“I’ll promise…”
“You’ll promise me what? A pony?”
“No…a sweetening deal.”
“And what sweetening deal would that be Conner?”
“Me…of course.”

Saturday March 1, 2008 Dove Creek Jail Cell #44
“Good morning Father Jack, how’s jail treating you?”
“Fine Dan.”
“So, I was sent here by…”
“I’ve told the police I didn’t do anything…”
“I know…”
“I mean, I didn’t meant any harm to…”
“I know Father, let me finish…”
“Why would I kill a little girl?”
“Same reason why you chopped her hand…”
“I never. She was alive when I left her…”
“Please give me your hand…”

Sunday March 2, 2008 301 Snyder Road
“Honey please…”
“You fucking cheater, I can’t believe…”
“Please Ann, let me explain…”
“Who is she then George? Who?”
“Nothing…”
“Riiigghht.”
“GAH! Can’t breathe! Let go…”
“You fucking little bastard!”

Monday March 3, 2008 168 Laurel Street
“Go to bed little baby, rest your head… “
“She’s still crying? For fuck…”
“Shh, she can hear you…”
“And I should care why?’
“Because…”
“She’s not my kid, if that’s what you’re implying…”
“Theoretically she’s your kid Sarah, and mine, and moms…”
“Theoretically you gave birth to her Shana, so that…”
“Means I’m her birth mother, you’re her…”
“Aunt. Okay…now shut her up, I need to sleep…”

Tuesday March 4, 2008 Dove Creek YMCA
“Hello there, my name is James Flynn, I’m…”
“What’s with the Preacher gear, Mr. Flynn? You preachin?”
“Why yes in fact I am sir.”
“Great, because we lost our last pastor last month…”
“I heard…”
“I’ve heard preachers are untouchable but now…”
“We are, Kelly is a exception…”
“I hope you can fix what he left…”
“Oh I plan to do much more…”

Wednesday March 5, 2008 Starbucks
“Psst.”
“What?”
“Did you see her?”
“Yeah, what’s with the mini black dress?”
“The Walk of Shame dress. She’s been sleeping…”
“Around? Good God, Mrs. Kelly’s a slut...”
“Nah, she’s just celebrating…”
“Funny, cuz last week she looked really depressed…”
“Yeah…”
“I mean…her ex husband is up for execution…”
“So?”
“Where’s her heart?”
“I think she left it at Mark’s house…”

Thursday March 6, 2008 Dove Creek Jail Cell #23
“Dear God please listen to my prayers…”
“God’s not gonna answer yer prayers Doll.”
“And you’d know?”
“Yeah, I’ve been prayin for seven damn years…”
“Maybe you haven’t been praying hard enough for him…”
“If I had a nickel for…”
“Dear God ignore my cellmate, now about my…”
“Stop.”
“He’s my only lifeline I got…”

Friday March 7, 2008 181 Miller Road
“Hey Nicky, could you move your car for me?”
“What? I don’t have one…”
“Oh...”
“What car are you talking…”
“Nothing, never mind then…”
“James…where do you think you’re going?”
“Nowhere….why are you asking me?”
“Nice lipstick mark…”
“Thank…oh shit no...”

Saturday March 8, 2008 Dame Jane’s School of Dance
“Ow! Chase!”
“Sorry, told you I’m klutzy…”
“Klutzy? Try Pigeon-toed.”
“Sorry Maggie, I’m sorry. Can we try again?”
“Uh no.”
“Come on, please?”
“No, you suck.”
“I swear I can only get…”
“What? Worse?”
“No better. Please give my dancing another chance…”

Sunday March 9, 2008 Flanigan’s Bar and Grill
“Hey Mark…you think Celia’s in heaven?”
“Yeah, partying it up with her mother…”
“I didn’t know Hannah was a partier.”
“Yeah she was…the complete opposite of me…”
“I wonder if they’ve met by now…”
“Yeah.”
“I wonder if they’re watching us right now from above…”
“Probably…Heaven must be really nice…”
“And in a few years time…”
“We’ll be there too. One big happy family again…”

Monday March 10, 2008 Bill’s Junkyard
“Hey Ted, what do you thinks in this thing?”
“I dunno, it wasn’t in that tree yesterday.”
“Then let’s check it out…”
“HOLY…”
“Shit! It’s a hand!”
“You think it’s a doll’s one?”
“A doll?”
“Yeah, I mean maybe it’s fake.”
“Doll hands don’t bleed stupid.”

Tuesday March 11, 2008 Dove Creek Community Church
“Uh Father Flynn…”
“I’m in the sanctuary right now and—“
“Father Flynn, I’m with the City Council…”
“I thought I said not to interrupt…”
“And I’ve come with inquiries about a parade…”
“Sir?”
“The council would like a estimate…”
“Why is that?”
“Well we’re paying for it.”
“Au contraire Council Member…”

Wednesday March 12, 2008 Dove Creek Police Station
“Officer Cody, your son’s here.”
“Can’t you see I’m busy Lieutenant?”
“I know Sir, but he’s here…”
“DADDY!”
“Not now Sam I’m busy…Lieutenant take him…”
“Dad me and mark found something…”
“What is it?”
“Sam, what in God’s name is…?”
“Mark says it’s a doll hand…but it’s all bloody.”

Thursday March 13, 2008 208 Maple Street
“Honey have you seen my shoes anywhere? I can’t…”
“I have no idea where your purse went dear…”
“You weren’t really listening to me were you Ted?”
“I was listening to you…”
“Oh really…”
“And…”
“And what? Reading your comics…”
“No, the news. Kelly’s been freed from jail today.”
“What? Celia’s killer? That’s just insane…”

Friday March 14, 2008 Dove Creek Theatre
“Honey could you pass the…”
“Shh.”
“But I just…”
“Shush. You’re almost ruining the perfect moment right now…”
“Eric it’s a movie, now grow up.”
“It’s not just a movie…it’s like a ballad…”
“Oh please don’t start.”
“What? I love this music.”
“And I don’t…so don’t even start…”


Saturday March 15, 2008 Dove Creek Toys R’US
“Candace look! It’s Barbie.”
“How much is she?”
“Let see…twenty dollars.”
“What?”
“Seriously.”
“I’m broke.”
“Maybe we could buy Ken…”
“He’s my Knight in Shining Armor...”
“Kayla? He’s a doll you know that right?”
“So? A girl like me can dream.”

Sunday March 16, 2008 Dove Creek Goodwill
“Hey Mike, some help over here would be nice.”
“Sure Hank, what’s in that oversized box you got?”
“Something for Goodwill.”
“Aw Hank has a soft spot after all.”
“I never said I didn’t care for homeless…”
“No but you did call them vultures once.”
“I said it in jest idiot.”
“Sure you did…Lil Softie Hank.”
“Just take it.”
“Uh Hank…what’s this bloody Batman shirt doing in here?”
Monday March 17, 2008 Dove Creek Middle School
“Come on Kelsey, just one kiss.”
“No Cameron.”
“Please? All the other kids at school’re doing it.”
“If they jumped off a cliff, would you?”
“What has that got to do with anything?”
“Just answer the damn question already Ron.”
“Fine, no I wouldn't jump a cliff like them...”
“Good choice, now excuse me I gotta go now...”
“But...you little fucking bitch...”
“See ya later.”

Tuesday March 18, 2008 Dove Creek High School
“I hate finals.”
“Ryans?”
“This is fucking...”
“Mr. Ryans.”
“What now?”
“Do you have something you want to share?”
“Uh no Ms. Tilberg. Just talking through...”
“Well keep your test and thoughts to yourself.”
“Yes Ma’am.”
“Good. You may continue.”

Wednesday March 19, 2008 234 Everlie Street
“Daddy! Daddy! Help! My arm is numb again! Daddy?”
“What did you do now Ally?”
“I didn’t do anything...but I ate something funny...”
“What was that?”
“The green candy on mommy’s dresser.”
“In the red box?”
“No the orange one...”
“Was there a word RX, honey?”
“Yeah.”
“Shit.”

Thursday March 20, 2008 Dove Creek Park
“Mommy look a birdy! Look a birdy!”
“Ah that’s cute...”
“Mommy! its wing...”
“What?”
“It’s broken Mommy. Mommy fix it please? He’ll die...”
“I can’t honey.”
“But mommy...”
“Sorry...”

Friday March 21, 2008 Ted Martin’s Piano Studio
“Chad.”
“Hold on a second, I’m working here...”
“You’re sitting at a piano dude...”
“I think I finally found my calling...”
“As what? A piano waxer?”
“Nope. A composer. Listen to this…”
[Pause]
“So what do you think? It's really good no?”
“Dude, just stick with your plumbing day job alright?”

Saturday March 22, 2008 182 Miller Road
“Alrighty kids, now that your parents are gone for...”
“Excuse me.”
“What now Sarah?”
“You're not my mom.”
“For the next hour, yeah.”
“Nu-uh. You’re not and I don’t hafta listen...”
“Susie! Get back here.”
“You can’t make me.”
“Don’t make me call the police kid.”

Sunday March 23, 2008 353 Juniper Street
“Honey? Have you see Grandma’s box of chocolates?”
“What?”
“Uh...I don’t know where the box went sweety...”
“Really?”
“Honest to God...don’t come in here yet...”
“But I have to pee, John...what’re you doing?”
“Close the door!”
“JOHN! Give me that box back!”
“No! It’s mine...grandma can’t have it...HISS.”

Monday March 24, 2008 Penny Records
“Hank? Come here...”
“What is it now Gertie?”
“Look...that look familiar?”
“Yeah...hey I have that very same record at home...”
“Beatles nineteen sixty four. Brings back memories doesn’t it Hank?”
“Damn sure does...”
“Hank! Watchit.”
“What? Oh...those kids can’t hear us Gert...”

Tuesday March 25, 2008 Saint Mary’s Hospital
“Hey Doc, how’s the little girl doing? Alright?”
“She’s still breathing, through a tube.”
“Sorry we found her so late...”
“That’s alright...she’d be dead by now without you guys...”
“She spoken up yet?”
“Hasn’t even woken up yet...”
“Guess we’ll hafta wait for her torturer then.”

Wednesday March 26, 2008 Dove Creek Police Station
“Officer, we found the kid killer.”
“Excellent. Where?”
“Well…we didn’t exactly catch him per se. Not yet”
“Okay, then what did you find of him Lieutenant?”
“This note attached to a random apartment door.”
“BRB…what the hell is that supposeta mean?”
“It’s a internet acronym for Be Right Back sir.”
“Alright…dammit so close. When did you find this note?”
 “Around mid afternoon sir.”
“Goddamn it…fuuuck.”

Wednesday March 26, 2008 Dove Creek Jail Cell #23
“Weston, there’s a guy here to bail ya.”
“I didn’t ask my lawyer to bail me yet...”
“Ain’t your lawyer.”
“Is it my stepdad then? Haven’t heard from him...”
“Not him either. Never seen the guy before actually.”
“Well bring him over here then...”
“Hello there Carrie...nice to see you...”
“And you are? Don’t know you...”
“Your new Dad.”
“Okay...Dad...where’re we going?”


Life of Jack

1.New Years
January 1, 2009 12:00am – The sky above the small town of Junction Bay (pop: 4,000) is pitch dark as fireworks zip up, exploding in the dark sky while a few townsfolk sit around on the cool cement of the city street. Their heads tilt up; watching as the fireworks light the sky and a nameless band plays Auld Lang Syne for the fifteenth time in a row.
Jack
(irritated)
I hate New Years Eve. Fucking fir---migraine!
Standing by a light post as a few drunkards toddle their merry way around her hugging each other, Jack Danielle Deacon, a raven haired seventeen year old, squints her eyes, pinching the bridge of her nose. A beat later a lanky boy with ruffled copper toned hair leans up against the other side of the light post, glancing at her and smirking at her pained expression
Boy
(breathily)
Join the club dear
Jack’s hand drops from her nose as she swivels her head around, staring at the boy in confusion.
Jack
(befuddled)
Wha?
Giving the boy a once over she turns back and returns to soothing her still throbbing head.
Jack
(gruffly)
Wasn’t talking to you.
The boy smiles wryly and sighs to himself, exhaling a trail of steam before looking back at Jack.
Boy
Counts as talking if you’re all alone…
He shifts his weight until he and Jack are shoulder to shoulder, his mouth hovering near her ear.
Boy
…so I can technically act like you are…
Jack cocks her head towards him, her brows furrowed in irritation as her pale blue eyes meet his dark brown ones, her mouth inching down into a frown.
Jack
(irritated)
And I can technically ignore you, like this.
With that she turns the other way and steps away from the light post, standing on the edge of the sidewalk her back towards the boy. After a wheezing old Camaro passes her by, she steps off the curb into the gutter and makes a dash for the street, all the while the boy stares at her fleeting back, a sinister looking smirk playing on his face, his eyelashes fluttering against his cheeks.
Boy
I wouldn’t do that…
Standing up from his side of the light post, the boy turns in the opposite way and starts to head off, but not before shooting another glance behind him. Jack was already at the sidewalk across the street, her back to him. Slouching his shoulders, the boy saunters off his baggy blue jacket making him look larger as he walked off, heading towards the local Pool Club.
Jack
(eyeing his back)
Finally he left. God, what a fucking weirdo.

2.Being Dumped
Main Street 12:30am-Walking down Main Street her hand stashed into the pockets of her sweatshirt, Jack keeps her head down as she passes the many shops and restaurants that dot the thoroughfare, the shop windows dark despite the flood of bodies passing by. Faceless shoulders jostle Jack around as she keeps walking then something tackles her from the crowd, sobbing.
Hailey
(teary)
Jack! You’re out! Thank God I need your shoulder…
Without missing a beat, Hailey Jolie, a short and stout eighteen year old with curly dark brown hair framing her face, buries her tear streaked face into Jack’s shoulder stopping the girl in her tracks as she heaves and sobs. Jack freezes as she awkwardly places a hand on the girls head, patting the girl’s hair as she looks around in embarrassment for the crying girl, her friend.
Jack
(stuttered)
Uh…go ahead, I ha—is this about Jake?
Hailey sniffles as she pulls her head up from her friend’s now wet shoulder, a trail of snot sticking to her nose as she inhaled roughly before wiping the snot off her nose with the back of her hand. She looks at the wet spot she created on Jack’s shoulder and hums under her breath.
Hailey
(mumbles)
Uh huh
She looks at Jack, her grey eyes swollen from hours of crying, a tear forming at the corner of one as she suddenly wraps her arms around Jack’s neck, hugging her friend like a life raft.
Hailey
(muffled)
Jack…I found out…that he’s dating…Emily Hatch
Jack catches the name at the end and her face scrunches into something of disgust.
Jack
(grossed out)
EW…you mean that fat bit---EW
Jack looks over her friends head into the distance, the image of a tall pudgy blonde cheerleader with a fake tan and painted nails sneers back at he, taunting her from a distance, a figment of her imagination. Emily Hatch, the Prima Bitch of Dove Creek High, the only person that could make Jack’s life a living hell. As fast as she had appeared, the image of Emily fades. 
Jack
(disgruntled)
God I hate her.
Jack reaches behind her and pries Hailey’s hands from behind her neck before walking again. Hailey takes the cue and hurries to her side till they’re shoulder to shoulder, Hailey’s five foot frame magnified by the four inch height gap between them. Hailey nods her head in agreement. 
Hailey
Me too. I mean, she’s bitchy…
Jack
(sighs)
Tell me about it…apparently she hates me

3.Mom’s Calling
Main Street Deli 12:45am- Sitting on the sidewalk in front of the Deli opened 24/7, Jack and Hailey munch on homemade French fries and tuna melts as they sip from their cans of Mr. Pibb and Coke. From Jack’s sweatshirt pocket blares the tune of Coldplay followed by a vibrating motion. Grumbling she reaches in and swipes out her cell phone, flipping it open to answer.
Sam
(loud)
Jack!
Jack twitches, almost knocking over her soda as she shakes her head before answering.
Jack
Ow….What now Sam?
Her brother, Samuel Adam Deacon, fifteen with a slight hearing problem thanks to the number of Rap albums he blasted from his car stereo, was silent for a few seconds, worrying his sister. 
Jack
Sam?
Jack takes her ear from the cell phone as Hailey mouths the word Stoned. Jack shrugs before putting her ear back to the receiver the silence replaced on the other end by heavy breathing.
Jack
Hello?
Sam
I’m back
She lets out a sigh of both relief and irritation as her brother clears his throat on the other end.
Sam
Mom wants to know if you’re hungry ye…
Jack eyes her sandwich and soda before taking a bite, chewing a few times before answering with half the remains in her mouth, a way of proving her point. 
Jack
(giggling)
Nope

4.No Life
Main Street Ice Cream Shoppe 12:55am- The old fashioned ice cream parlor with its red white and blue striped canopies and iron rail tables is barely buzzing with life as Hailey sits dejectedly outside on a stone bench, right next to the entrance. Jack comes waltzing out carrying an ice cream cone in each hand. Taking a seat by Hailey she hands the girl one of the cones nudging.
Jack
Back. Sorry about the wait there.
Hailey sighs as she looks at the cone of chocolate chip ice cream in her hand while Jack dives into hers, sucking at the melting blob’s side. Hailey takes one lick of her cone and pauses.
Hailey
It’s alright, I could wait…
She takes another lick and sighs, one thought going through her mind: Jake’s favorite flavor.
Hailey
I mean I have no life…
Jack’s head snaps around, her eyes now narrowed at the side of her friends face. She rolls her eyes to the sky as Hailey gives another dramatic pause-lick with another sigh.
Jack
(sourly)
Oh shut. Up. At least you have options.
Hailey
I don’t…
Jack turns in her place till she’s facing Hailey, her friend avoiding eye contact as she took a hand to the girl’s shoulder. She could feel Hailey tense up underneath.
Jack
Yes you do Hailey
She tries to turn her friend to face her with one hand, the ice cream on her cone slowly melting. A single trail of oozing cookies n cream ice cream makes it down her other hand.
Jack
You have college. You can do whatever you want…
She gives up trying to make her friend face her and turns back towards the street, careful to lick the sticky ice cream dribble from her hand before going on. 
Jack
(remorseful)
I’m still in high school…
The pocket of Hailey’s light brown zip up sweater starts vibrating as something chimes to the tune of Chris Brown. She blushes as Jack stares at her incredulously, pulling out her cell phone and flipping it open. She scans the screen of her cell phone and stands up quickly.
Hailey
(hurriedly)
Uh, gotta go.
Hailey rushes off with her cell phone pressed to her ear but not before dumping her ice cream cone in the nearest trash can, leaving Jack sitting by herself, the shop lights dimmed behind her.

5.Stalker
Main Street 1:00am – Leaning against a storefront wall, Jack folds her arms and stares at the street shining in the moonlight. Taking a finger she wipes off a bit of ice cream from the corner of her mouth as a few cars speed by. The noisy din of people is now almost nonexistent as the revelers make their respective ways home, most opting to walk on foot.
Jack
(to herself)
Stupid best friend, think she has no life…puhlease.
Jack doesn’t see the lanky boy from the light post sauntering towards her, his eyes lighting up like a child’s at Christmas.
Jack
(sigh)
I’m still in high school
She looks down at her arms and unfolds them. Poking her right arm with her other hand, she sighs again.
Jack
I’d give my right arm to be her…
She pauses as her brain processes what that would entail. One word flows out of her mouth in a whisper: Jake. She grimaces, as she never really cared for her friend’s ex.
Jack
Then again, I would have to deal with Jake…
Leaning on the other side of the small storefront the boy clears his throat.
Boy
Who’s Jake?
Jack
My friend’s ex boyfriend…
Jack’s eyes narrow as she slowly turns her head towards the boy. 
Jack
Wait a…
Their eyes meet and Jacks eyes tighten, her face taking on the appearance of a scowl but not before her eyes widen in surprise. She gestures to the boy then to a random light post across the street, then back at him.
Jack
Why is it when I’m here you’re…
The boy shrugs and looks off to the side, his eyes gazing on a couple passing them by hand in hand, the young woman staggeringly drunk while her date tries to keep her up with one arm. The woman accidentally brushes past Jack who looks at the couple’s retreating backs with disgust. The boy shrugs before responding back.  
Boy
Pure coincidence my dear.
Jack
Yeah right, pure coincidence my ass… (hisses) Stalker.
Without looking back at the strange boy Jack promptly pushes herself off the storefront wall and swivels on her heels, walking a few feet behind the couple she had scowled at a few seconds before. The boy smirks as he stands up straight before following her, carefully making sure they’re a few feet apart.
6.Mace
Clover Street 2:01am- After an hour of walking, Jack finally makes it to the lawn of a small two story ranch house at the corner of Clover. The porch lights are off, but that doesn’t stop her from running up the stone slaps imbedded in the grass and up the stairs. Sitting herself on a lone wooden bench, she waits as a shadow figure appears from nowhere. Jack’s cell phone rings.
Jack
(hesitantly)
Uh…Hailey?
The person on the other line breathes heavily as heavy metal screams in the background. Someone else yells “Hailey,” as the person pulls away to answer back.
Jack
Hailey are you there? It’s me Jack.
Jack pulls the cell phone from her ear and looks back at the figure, now leaning against a low built cinderblock wall separating the house and lawn from the sidewalk. The figure’s face is hidden by the large sweatshirt hood covering its face though despite it she can already figure out who it is. On the other end of the phone, the breathing is halted by a few coughs.
Jack
I need to talk to you Hailey… (eyeing figure) like right now.
Hailey
(coughs)
Okay, I’m here. What?
Jack shifts in her seat on the bench as the figure waves at her, and despite the large hood, she can tell its smiling at her discomfort.
Jack
(sheepishly)
Hey…
She scowls at the figure before continuing as it stands straight from the half wall and starts making its way towards her, her heart starts to pound in her ears as she clears her throat.
Jack
…do you have any mace?
As if it heard her, the figure stops in its tracks, staring right at her. She smiles wryly as it starts backing up, all the while she can hear Hailey rummaging around for something
Hailey
Not with me, no.
Jack stands up from the bench and starts to pace along the porch as the figure stands where it was before against the small wall, this time she can make out the contours of a face, eerily familiar, scowling at her. It was the copper head boy from before.
Hailey
(dubiously)
What exactly are you planning to use it for?
Jack
(innocently)
Oh nothing, just in case my stalker appears.
At the word stalker she shoots a glare at the figure but the place it had filled by the low wall is now empty. She looks around then behind her as Hailey gawks and snorts into the other end
Hailey
Your what?
 
7.Sam
Deacon House, Clover Street 2:10am – Slamming the front door of the ranch house behind her, Jack walks past the whitewashed stairs to her left and the partially wrecked living room to her right. The large screen television with the rabbit ears on top crackles in the background as she walks over to the nearby plush sofa where a young boy lays, snoozing away.
Jack
Sam? (shakes boy) are you still up? Sam!
Sam snorts and groans as he looks up from his spot on the overstuffed leather couch, his chocolate brown mop of hair ruffled from sleeping on his side with a few fingers raked through. He lifts himself up and looks over his shoulder at Jack, groaning as he realizes who woke him up. Grumbling under his breath he flops back onto the couch.
Sam
(annoyed)
What you do want sis?
Jack takes in his reaction with a roll of her eyes as she starts for a hallway table, opening the small drawer roughly, shifting through the contents as Sam gives up trying to sleep again. Sitting up, he looks over his shoulder at her, glowering at her back.
Jack
Where’s mom’s old mace can?
Sam stands up and walks over next to her, standing by her side as she slams the drawer shut. Jack looks frazzled as she gestures wildly with her arms for a minute, trying to remember what she was going to say before Sam popped over by her side.
Jack
The one Aunt Liddy gave her
Sam
The one meant for Dad? I have no idea.
Sam starts walking back to the couch as he points towards the staircase where a few items of clothing, all male, hang on the railing. 
Sam
Why don’t you ask her? She would know
Jack can feel her blood freeze over, her shoulders shuddering as she imagines her mother’s reaction to the mace can, her mother’s light green eyes widening as she reaches out with one hand to slap Jack for asking. The image disappears as Jack vehemently shakes her head.
Jack
That would defeat my secrecy policy…
Sam looks back at her as if she’s insane, his jaw slacked open as she starts up the stairs grabbing the strange male clothing from the banner with one hand and tossing it over the railing.
Sam
(exasperated)
Secrecy? What the he—Jack?
She ignores him as she makes her way up the stairs quickly. Her shoes padding loudly against the carpeted stairs as she shakes her head. There was no way in hell she would tell her mother. 
Sam
You better tell me Jack, or I’ll tell mom…
Jack stops at the landing and glares down at him, her eyes narrowed into slits.
Jack
What? (stammers) Fine tell her I have a stalker.
Throwing her hands up in the air in exasperation as Sam stares at her in complete confusion, she walks off towards the farthest door, muttering under her breath.
Jack
All I need is mace…not Mom…

8.Backyard Stalker
Jack’s Bedroom 2:15am – Pacing the tan carpet of her bedroom, Jack fumes to herself as she walks back and forth from her desk to her bed until finally giving up and falling onto the bed in a huff. Lying prostrate on the old quilt, she skims a hand across the fabric as she stares at the ceiling, a few fake glow in the dark stars stare back, threatening to fall off. 
Jack
I knew it was stupid to ask Sam that…
Behind her bedroom door the sounds of tires squealing and gun shots popping can be heard, followed by randomized rap lyrics and Sam yelling “Fuck” every time a crash rang. Jack groans as she pulls a pillow over her face, trying to drown out the noise from below.  
Jack
Now he’ll tell mom and she’ll go berserk…
The volley of squealing tires and gun shots is interrupted by a high pitched yell, slurred words and a slam of the master bedroom door. As soon as the door shuts again, all other noise ceases.
Jack
(still rambling)
She’ll call Dad and he’ll drive up here and…
Sam can be heard yelling from outside at the Master Bedroom door, though no one answers back, leaving him to storm off to his own room next to Jack’s. She sighs to herself as her brother’s door slams close and soon the floor starts vibrating, followed by rap lyrics.
Jack
I’ll be fucked…
Jack tosses the pillow she had over her face back to the floor as she sits up. Scrambling to the window ledge a foot from her, she unlocks the window and pushes out the window screen, giving herself room to lean over, looking over the backyard.
Jack
(to herself out loud)
All because I wanted mace…
From below a voice clears itself, startling Jack. Looking straight down, she’s caught by surprise as the face of the copper haired boy stares up at her. His face widens into a grin as he registers her surprise. He was obviously wasn’t expecting that kind of reaction.
Boy
(innocently)
And pray tell, why would you need it?
Jack stares at his face for a few seconds before glowering at him. Not him again!
Jack
Well gee…
She points at him with a finger, still glowering at his smiling countenance.
Jack
I’m looking at it
Jack backs out from where she had been leaning, reaching for the window screen, her eyes still somewhat trained on the boy.
Boy
(confused)
You need mace because of what?
Without answering him, Jack pulls back the screen and fastens it back to where it was before, and then closes the window as the boy still stares at her, this time shaking his head in disbelief.
Boy
(to himself)
You’re a strange human, you know…

9.Who’s that?
Jack’s Bedroom 2:45am – Recovered from the shock of seeing the strange boy in her backyard, Jack lays in bed the covers pulled up to her chin as she stares at the adjacent wall. Her brother’s music has tapered down, a sure sign that he was finally asleep. Looking at the clock sitting near her head, she silently swears to herself as she pulls her cell phone out.
Jack
(after hitting redial)
He’s in my backyard…
On the other line Hailey grunts in confusion then sniffs and groans when she realizes who it is speaking to her. Jack waits for her to reply back, playing with the edge of her pillow.
Hailey
Who?
Jack sighs as she looks up at her ceiling, trying to not yell at her friend for forgetting something she had mention a few minutes ago. It wasn’t her fault.
Jack
The guy.
Hailey
(confused)
What?
Jack groans at the same time with Hailey and smacks herself in the face with her free hand.
Jack
(snappish)
Who do you think I’m talking about Hailey?
Hailey
Uh I don’t know
Jack sits up in bed, her face a mess of annoyance and irritation.
Jack
Here’s a fat hint…Mace. Now you remember?
Hailey
(pause)
Uh yea—no. Sorry, I’m forgetful.
Jack rolls her eyes to the ceiling as she lets out a exaggerated sigh into the receiver.
Jack
No—shit

10.I’m Engaged
Jack’s Bedroom 3:20am- Jack’s bedroom door starts shaking for a few seconds, but she doesn’t wake up. A voice, muffled by the wood slab, yells her name but all she does is snuggle against the pillow under her. Another second passes before her cell phone starts ringing again, almost vibrating its way off her nightstand, but she catches it before it can fall and flips it open again.
Voice
(slurred)
Jack? It’s Mom, not Sam…
Confused for a second, Jack takes a quick look at the screen and sees her brother’s name on the front. Her mother, Annie Deacon, a thirty something woman that inhaled alcohol as much as she did oxygen, breathed heavily on the other end as Jack put the cell phone back to her ear.
Annie
I’m using his phone…
Jack
(fake surprise)
Mom! You’re partly sober…
She can hear her mother shuffling her feet through the phone and from behind her door. The woman was paranoid about privacy, which worked in Jack’s favor.
Annie
Yeah um…
Jack hears her mother shuffling off, probably to her own bedroom before Sam noticed his cell phone missing from his desk.
Annie
(nervously)
So…
Jack hears the echo of her mother’s bedroom door closing behind her two fold as the woman continues to hum and snort into the receiver, like a bumble bee hybrid crossed with a bull.
Annie
I already told your brother this…Jack…I’m engaged!

11.Soliloquy ala Jack
Jack’s Bedroom 3:40am – In a state of shock, Jack lies on her back with her eyes on the glow in the dark stars dotting her ceiling. Her jaw is slightly ajar, as she tries to make sense of what her mother had just said. I’m engaged. How as that even possible. Jack tries to remember all the faces that showed up at their house for New Years, trying to pin the blame but she can’t. 
Jack
(to herself quietly)
Life keeps on getting stranger and stranger ever second.
Flipping onto her stomach, she squeezes her eyes in attempt to fall asleep but it’s fruitless.
Jack
First Jakes dating Hailey polar opposite Emily the Bitch…
She squeezes her eyes shut again, but all she can imagine is Jake and Emily holding hands, Jake and Emily hugging in a open field as her mind wasn’t that creative with backdrops, Jake and Emily sucking face…and a few dirty bits that made her retch in her mouth.
Jack
That just made me gag a litt—sweet Jesus.
Shaking the nasty pictures out of her head, she turns onto her other side, facing the wall her bed is pressed up against. Tracing the ridges of the wall with her finger, she keeps on with her single trail of thought.
Jack
I mean…what does he see in her? (louder) what?
Jack turns back to facing the ceiling, her eyes focused in no place in particular.
Jack
She’s a complete bitch, full of herself…and whiney
Jack counts the traits on her fingers and nods to herself, smirking as she folds her fingers in her hand.
Jack
So yeah…
She looks over the sheets at the window and rolls her eyes as she remembers something to add.
Jack
Oh…and I have a stalker…
The sound of her mother and a unknown male voice trampling down the stairs followed by the sound of lips smacking makes Jack groan.
Jack
And my divorced mom is engaged.

12.He wants me back
Hailey’s Bedroom 4:00am – Sitting on a small dorm room bed covered in dark blue and white sheets,  Hailey thumbs the keys of her cell phone as she stares at the screen. Behind her someone groans as a body rustles under dark green sheets on the opposite dorm bed. Holding the cell phone to her ear, Hailey listens as the ringing goes to voice mail. She sighs to herself.
Hailey
Jack? Are you still awake?
The voice mail beeps signaling for her to continue. Hailey takes in a breath before going on.
Hailey
Something strange happened…
She eyes the sleeping mass behind her, still rustling around. Stop that, she hisses at it though the person underneath ignores her. She rolls her eyes and goes back to the message machine.
Hailey
Jake just called me back and…
(pause)
He wants me back Jack…
The phone line clicks on the other end and Jack’s voice cuts in, coughing into the receiver.
Jack
Hey I’m up, sorry about that Hai—
(pause)
Wait…whut?
Hailey
(sighs)
Jake wants me back…what do I do now?
She can hear Jack breathing heavily on the other end as the girl tries to comprehend what she just said. Jack pulls back from the phone to yell at someone to Quiet Down before answering.
Jack
Dunno…
Something pounds the door in the background as Jack grunts loudly and yells back “Coming.”
Jack
Sorry…oh by the way my mom’s engaged, so bye.
Jack doesn’t give Hailey the time to reply back as the line shuts off. Hailey looks at the phone confused a bit then sighs and clicks her cell phone shut, tossing it to the side before snuggling close to the pillows on her bed while her roommate starts to snore out loud.

13.What’s Up?
Jack’s Bedroom 4:30am – Jack sits on her bed, propped against the pillows as her brother sits on her desk watching as she dials a number on the house phone. Pressing the phone to her ear, she gestures him to hop off but he ignores her, swinging his legs as she motions to her neck in a slicing gesture, points at him. He gets the point just as the phone line picks up on the other end.
Hank
(worried)
Jack are you still there?
Hank Deacon, their father, breathes into the receiver as Jack pulls the phone back a tad blinking a few times. The gesture makes Sam snort as she puts the phone to her ear again, smirking.
Hank
It’s Dad
Jack
(fake surprise)
Dad?
Sam snorts again as Jack rolls her eyes. Their father lived on the outskirts of town and was rarely seen around town without his arm candy girlfriend. He was also several years out of date with technology, seeing as he still refused to buy a laptop and a iPod confused the hell out of him.
Jack
(mocking)
Didn’t know you had a cell…
Hank
I don’t. This is Gabe’s, I’m borrowing.
Pulling back the phone from her ear again, this time she checks the name over the number on her screen and sure enough, Gabe Petrullo blinked back at her, the name of her Dad’s girlfriend.
Jack
Ookkay…what’s up?
Hank
Just checking to see if you’re…
Jack sits up straight, her eyes wide as her mind races. Did someone tell him about her stalker? Did someone leak it out that she even had one? She looked at Sam as he shrugged and mouthed What? Jack took in a deep breath as her father kept saying her name on the other end.
Jack
(calmly)
I’m fine Dad. Really, it’s fine. I’m completely okay.
With that she hung up on him, snapping the cell phone shut before chucking it at Sam who was staring her like she had grown three heads. Get out she mouths, making him scramble for the door as she pulls her pillows down. Flopping onto her side, she closes her eyes…
To Be Continued…


The Perfect Family

FamilyPerfect Co.
100 Miller Way
Heinz, NY XXXXX

To Whom It May Concern;
Here at FamilyPerfect Co. we strive to make available the family that you never had, or perhaps the family you once had and have since lost. Founded in 2085 A.D, we at PerfectFamily believe that everyone deserves to have the family they want.  We personally hand pick and screen each body, personality and looks to ensure you’re getting the best family unit available, all free to mold as you please. For a small fee we’ll even find the right house for your new family, completely furnished with all the amenities that you and your family need. 	
Enclosed are the profiles of the __6__ readymade FamilyPerfect collector’s items that you, XXXX, have purchased. 
We thank you for investing your time and money in FamilyPerfect where making your dreams come true is our one main goal. Thank you. 
If you have any questions please call our hot line at 555-XXX-XXXX. Thank you again.
	Sincerely,
	FamilyPerfect Management    

Name:  Jack Homer			
Age: 28		
Birthdate: 3/12/1982
Place of Birth: NYC, NY			
Weight: 6’2”			
Height: 225lbs
Eye Color: Blue				
Hair Color: Blonde		
Style: N/A
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Father’s Name: James Homer 		Current Status: Alive
Mother’s Name: Alice Layne		Current Status: Alive
Siblings
Brothers: Frank Homer 			Current Status: Alive
Sisters: Anne Homer, Mary Homer	Current Statuses: Alive, Alive
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ethnic Background: European American
Religion: Protestant
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current Occupation: Doctor
Current Employer: St. Mary’s Hospital
Income Level: Middle Class
Education: Doctorate
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Marital Status: Married
Spouse’s Name: Katherine Runner
Spouse’s Occupation: Housewife
Children
Sons: Justin Homer (age 10), Aaron Homer (age 8)   					
Daughters: Abigail Homer (age 6), Elizabeth Homer (age 4) 				
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hobbies: Bike Riding, Cooking, Reading, Swimming, Camping and Hanging out with his family
Likes: TBD
Dislikes: TBD

Name:  Katherine Homer (nee Runner)	
Age: 27 ½ 		
Birthdate: 7/9/1982	
Place of Birth: NYC, NY			
Weight: 5’5”			
Height: 135lbs
Eye Color: Brown				
Hair Color: Brown		
Style: N/A
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Father’s Name: John Runner 		Current Status: Alive
Mother’s Name: Naomi Fayian		Current Status: Alive
Siblings
Brothers: Isaac Runner, Saul Runner 	Current Statuses: Alive, Alive
Sisters: Lillian Runner			Current Status: Alive
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ethnic Background: European American
Religion: Protestant
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current Occupation: Housewife
Current Employer: N/A
Income Level: Middle Class
Education: High School
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Marital Status: Married
Spouse’s Name: Jack Homer
Spouse’s Occupation: Housewife
Children
Sons: Justin Homer (age 10), Aaron Homer (age 8)   					
Daughters: Abigail Homer (age 6), Elizabeth Homer (age 4) 				
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hobbies: Knitting, Cooking, Reading, Playing Cards and Hanging out with family.
Likes: TBD
Dislikes: TBD

Name:  Justin Homer			
Age: 10		
Birthdate: 4/19/2000
Place of Birth: NYC, NY			
Weight: 4’5”			
Height: 90lbs
Eye Color: Brown				
Hair Color: Blonde		
Style: N/A
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Father’s Name: Jack Homer 		Current Status: Alive
Mother’s Name: Katherine Runner		Current Status: Alive
Siblings
Brothers: Aaron Homer 			Current Status: Alive
Sisters: Abigail Homer, Elizabeth Homer	Current Statuses: Alive, Alive
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ethnic Background: European American
Religion: Protestant
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current Occupation: Student – 5th Grade
Current Employer: Elementary School
Income Level: Middle Class
Education: N/A
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Marital Status: Single
Spouse’s Name: N/A
Spouse’s Occupation: N/A
Children
Sons: N/A   						
Daughters: N/A				
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hobbies: Bike Riding, Watching TV, Finger Painting, Reading, Playing Hide and Seek with Siblings, Playing with Friends, Playing on the Computer, Singing along with the Radio, Helping Mom and Dad Cook.

Name: Aaron Homer			
Age: 8			
Birthdate: 5/1/2002
Place of Birth: NYC, NY			
Weight: 4’2”			
Height: 85lbs
Eye Color: Brown				
Hair Color: Blonde		
Style: N/A
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Father’s Name: Jack Homer 		Current Status: Alive
Mother’s Name: Katherine Runner		Current Status: Alive
Siblings
Brothers: Justin Homer 			Current Status: Alive
Sisters: Abigail Homer, Elizabeth Homer	Current Statuses: Alive, Alive
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ethnic Background: European American
Religion: Protestant
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current Occupation: Student – 3rd Grade
Current Employer: Elementary School
Income Level: Middle Class
Education: N/A
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Marital Status: Single
Spouse’s Name: N/A
Spouse’s Occupation: N/A
Children
Sons: N/A   						
Daughters: N/A				
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hobbies: Bike Riding, Watching TV, Finger Painting, Reading, Playing Hide and Seek with Siblings, Playing with Friends, Playing on the Computer, Singing along with the Radio, Helping Mom and Dad Cook.

Name: Abigail Homer			
Age: 6			
Birthdate: 2/11/2004
Place of Birth: NYC, NY			
Weight: 4’0”			
Height: 70lbs
Eye Color: Blue				
Hair Color: Brown		
Style: N/A
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Father’s Name: Jack Runner 		Current Status: Alive
Mother’s Name: Katherine Runner		Current Status: Alive
Siblings
Brothers: Aaron Homer, Justin Homer 	Current Statuses: Alive, Alive
Sisters: Elizabeth Homer			Current Status: Alive
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ethnic Background: European American
Religion: Protestant
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current Occupation: Student – 3rd Grade
Current Employer: Elementary School
Income Level: Middle Class
Education: N/A
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Marital Status: Single
Spouse’s Name: N/A
Spouse’s Occupation: N/A
Children
Sons: N/A   						
Daughters: N/A				
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hobbies: Sewing, Watching TV, Finger Painting, Reading, Playing Hide and Seek with Siblings, Playing with Friends, Playing House, Singing along with the Radio, Helping Mom and Dad Cook, Playing with Dolls.

Name:  Elizabeth Homer			
Age: 4			
Birthdate: 6/10/2006
Place of Birth: NYC, NY			
Weight: 3’6”			
Height: 55lbs
Eye Color: Blue				
Hair Color: Brown		
Style: N/A
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Father’s Name: Jack Homer 		Current Status: Alive
Mother’s Name: Katherine Runner		Current Status: Alive
Siblings
Brothers: Aaron Homer, Justin Homer 	Current Statuses: Alive, Alive
Sisters: Abigail Homer			Current Status: Alive
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ethnic Background: European American
Religion: Protestant
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current Occupation: Student – Preschool
Current Employer: Nursery School
Income Level: Middle Class
Education: N/A
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Marital Status: Single
Spouse’s Name: N/A
Spouse’s Occupation: N/A
Children
Sons: N/A   						
Daughters: N/A				
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hobbies: Sewing, Dress-up, Watching TV, Finger Painting, Reading, Playing Hide and Seek with Siblings, Playing with Friends, Playing House, Singing along with the Radio, Helping Mom and Dad Cook, Playing with Dolls.

FamilyPerfect Co.
100 Miller Way
Heinz, NY XXXXX

Dear Ms. XXXX
You are being billed $1,005.00 for the purchases: #R12245, #R15536, #19994, #12773, #19930 and #18830.  
	Name			Serial Number		Price	   
	Jack-X3		#R12245		$100.00
	Katherine-T5		#R15536		$100.00
	Justin-W1		#19994		$75.00
	Austin-X33		#12773		$50.00
	Abigail-R2		#19930		$50.00
	Elizabeth-E31		#18830		$50.00
	Last Name Charge*6			$210.00
	Hobbies Charge *6				$30.00
	Likes/Dislikes Charge *2			$100.00
	Expedited Shipping Charge*6		$150.00
	Tax						$90.00
								

Please let us know if there’s anything else we can do for you. Thanks. 
	-FamilyPerfect Sales Team

Scrounger

Chapter 1
Isla Montgomery didn’t see death coming till it was staring her eye to eye. Standing in the middle of a burned out nowhere with a outdated oxygen tank on her back tied on her back by rope across her narrow chest, a inhalation mask strapped around the back of her head with a old piece of rubber cord frayed at the edges and wearing a dark blue jumpsuit made of plastic fabric that matched the surgical gloves covering her hands up to the elbows, she was a sight for sore, covered eyes. It may have been her work’s suit of choice, a nautical sort of look with goggles covering the eyes from harmful halogens and chemicals, but it was a pain to work in. Lugging around the twenty kilo oxygen tank on her five foot one frame was a hassle that Isla learned early on to hide, especially around her boss around auditing time. The thick leather boots didn’t make it any easier to walk with the green tank tied around her chest, being half the weight themselves. It was like walking around with cement weights tied tight around her ankles. This is just ridiculous she thought to herself as she clunked her way from her stationary spot in the middle of a mountain riddled valley caked in layers of burned dirt and shrubbery on the basin where once sat a lake bed. Now all there was left was a valley basin dried up with fried bones of fish specimens. 
It was her job to collect bones of the many dead and mostly fried fish specimen, many of which had been extinct for several hundred years, and Isla was just about at the end of her rope. Her back ached from carrying the oxygen tank around as she knelt and scooped her hand into the soft basin dirt for bones. Pulling out a vertebra she shook it a few times to clear the dirt off. “Huh, this looks like a Delta Bass, the tail height is…,” she dropped the backbone back in the soft dirt as she reached in her jumpsuit pockets for the tape measure she was given beforehand. She could’ve used the other hand but it was busy holding onto a clipboard of cork that held in its grip several papers needed to record her findings. And one of the laminated white pages was a chart of fish tails and vertebras. Found it she said inside her head as she smiled to herself while pulling out the orange retractable tape measure and pulled out the tape with her mouth. With the long yellow measuring tape dangling from her mouth between gritted teeth, she reached back down and felt around the basin for the fish bone. Where did you go stupid bone, she mused silently to herself as she started to panic. All she could feel was soft dirt under her finger tips. Did that mean she was standing in a quicksand pit if she couldn’t find the bone?
 “AHA!” she cried out loud to no one but herself as she grabbed the bone from the depths of the dirt with a triumphant look on her pale freckled face, the fried bone hanging by a slender, pale hand in front of her face. Found it. With one shaking hand she held it out and just as quickly dropped it again, her chest retracting in pain as she grabbed for her chest through the jumpsuit. This wasn’t a good feeling. 

Chapter 2
Sleeping soundly on a cot with her favorite faded quilt from her childhood years wrapped around her waist, Abby Mayfair was as calm as a cucumber in her dead as a tomb bedroom. The light from the hallway was barely a sliver under her door across the way from her cot, throbbing under the wooden panel. Snorting under her breath the girl tosses from one side to another, her eyes squeezed shut as her legs kick up a storm under the quilt. It was fortunate that she had no one to share a bed, the silent metal wall pressed up against her cot bearing much of the brunt of her legs. Growling under her breath she flailed her arms over her head and squeaked some gibberish under her breath. Her dreams were strange vacations that never ended the way you’d expect. Her current dream had her running away from talking silver poles with giant jaws of death, then jumping into a pool of gelatin with sharks taking on the forms of humans with fins, dorsal fins and shark heads. It was midway through wading around the gelatin mess that she thought she would never get out alive. And then the alarm started bleeding through her dream, breaking everything into slivers of reality. It wasn’t just any alarm though, it was the emergency alarm and that wasn’t a good sound to hear that early at night. “GAH!” Abby spat out as she sat up on her cot with a start. 
Her face was sweating, an after effect of her dream. What the hell she thought to herself as she swung her legs over the side of her cot, detaching the quilt from her legs before standing up. The top of her head barely skimmed the ceiling over her head, something that changed over time. Within the next few years she wouldn’t even be able to walk in her room without doubling over and after that she’d have to crawl. It was something she didn’t think about it but it was something in the back of her mind, along with wonder. Wondering why the alarm was screeching that loud, like a parrot with its wing chopped off, and why she heard absolutely nothing outside. No feet shuffling towards the Headquarters where the main alarm system was hidden. Surely someone would want to turn the damn thing off. Stretching her arms over her head, she stumbled over the slick floor of the room in the dark as she reached out feeling for the door. Her hands hit wood soon after and with all the strength she could muster she pulled the door open. And just as the door creaked open and her tousled brown hair peaked around the corner, the alarm stopped with a small warble, leaving an echo as she stood in the hall confused and a bit dazed. It was as if the alarm had sensed her intentions, either that or someone else got to the alarm room before her. 
Shuffling back inside, she muttered to herself until she was standing in the middle of the doorway. She watched the hallway with squinting eyes, her eyes searching for anything strange.

Chapter 3
It had been an hour since Isla sent the emergency alarm call to her boss at Headquarters and a half hour since she changed tanks. Now her oxygen tank was red instead of green and the face mask was tinged a slight blue color, the color of emergency. Her tank from before now sat on the passenger seat of her truck next to her, the crack she had found hours before still slithering out steam like a kettle pot. It had been cracked while she wasn’t looking, perhaps within the last week as the tanks were supposed to last for three days and when she realized it was leaking the tank only had three hours left on supply. Come on she grumbled as she hit the emergency button again. There had to be someone at the base who could help her. The emergency button on the dashboard in front of her never flashed like it had just a few second ago. Now that was odd. Pressing the button again this time longer than before, she waited before releasing it. Again nothing. Isla’s heart started to race, her chest pinching in the center on cue with her inhaling. She winced and pressed her chest back with a hand. This wasn’t a good sign, not a good one at all. If the emergency button wasn’t working then that meant she had only twenty four hours to get back home back at the base and she wasn’t even halfway one with work. 
Her boss would have her head on a silver platter if she came back before with no work to show of it. Come on she muttered under her breath as she kneed the dashboard with a knee and shrieked backwards against the driver’s seat in pain. That wasn’t what she had intended to do. Now her leg was throbbing from knee to toe, her chest was pounding and pinching at the same time. This was her hell hole. “Where’s that damn talkie,” she said in a whisper as she leaned over the passenger seat and the old oxygen tank while she still held her chest back, fumbling with her other free hand for something. “GOT IT!” she yelled to no one in particular as her hands snatched up an old fashioned walkie-talkie, black and large with a dial on the top and a flashing light next to it. Spinning the dial she waited for the familiar sound of crackling and distant voices to come in. As the crackling started to get louder and louder she pressed a button on the side of the talkie and breathed in again before speaking. “Mouse Seven to Base this is Montgomery. Mouse Seven to Base, do you read me.” Hopefully her breathing mask didn’t obstruct her voice she thought as she patiently waited for someone to respond back. Mouse Seven was her code name regulated by her boss, one that she didn’t care for till now. “Mouse Seven to base. Someone please help me.” 
Sitting with her head against the top of the driver’s seat Isla took in a breath again from her emergency tank of air, hoping against hope that someone would save her from a foreseeable death which she’d been taught was the worst death anyone could face and a slow one. Please God she thought, not me. Don’t let me die. 

Chapter 4
Turner Miles had bad days, but nothing was worse than sitting on a hard office chair in the middle of a Base office at four in the damn morning. With a thermos of insta-coffee in one hand and a fist in the other, the twenty eight year old sergeant tried his best not to slack off but the temptation was too great. The idea of sleep was like a little morsel hanging over his head by a string, his superiors watching happily above as he tried in vain to stay up to please them even though his eyes wanted to close and his head wanted to nod off. Of all the things I do for promotions he griped to himself as he took another sip of the thermos. Running a hand over his dark brown buzz cut and over his face, he allowed himself one yawn and a stretch before pushing his thermos to the side. “Alright,’ he said to no one but himself, “Let’s get this over with.” He had three more hours till the next shift came in the incompetent form of a private by the name of Owen Thursgood. Three hours of nothing but staring contests with several large screen monitors and a keyboard that seemed to lose more letters then a subpar old fashioned post office. Where the K, L and X keys should have been there were now just stubs and to actually type he had to use two fingers only on each hand. 
“Just like a fucking kid,” he growled as he typed in a code into the screen above, accessing the camera that monitored all incoming trucks from the local Scrounger division. Scroungers were the last thing he wanted to worry about, a small nonprofit agency that fed off the government and other things too. Like the many places outside of headquarters long since untouched by human hands. Eyeing the screen, he watched as several small trucks wobbled in on old and worn tires, the beds of the many trucks dumping behind them piles of twisted metal and furniture, cement blocks and clothing untouched by disaster, all swarmed by groups of humans wearing dark blue suits and gas masks carrying long range snappers which looked like deformed metal handles with claws for grabbing, picking out the cream of the crop for quarantine. Despicable cretins thought Turner as he scoffed silently at the dark jumpsuits carrying off a pole of solid metal to be disinfected and smelted. They should leave those things where they belong. Outside where no one who doesn’t want to be infected with disease can see them. Why can’t they leave the past alone he thought to himself as the chunky, and regulated, black walkie-talkie strapped to his military garbed arm started to crackle as a voice came through. “Mouse Seven to base,” a high pitched voice called through, “This is Montgomery. Mouse Seven to base can you read me?” the high pitched voice kept talking but Turner wasn’t listening. 
Whoever this Mouse Seven Montgomery was they would have to wait he thought as he dialed the call off to another desk, leaving himself in silence as he allowed his head to lull around. Now if I could only go to sleep he thought with a grumble and a groan.

Chapter 5
Someone had to have heard her call thought Isla as she spun the dial again and repeated her signal. “Mouse Seven to Base,” she shouted into the small speaker, “Mouse Seven to Base. This is an Emergency. I need an air tank. Do you read me? Over.” She waited again for someone to respond but nothing. All she could hear was the crackling of the speaker and background voices of other Mice calling in reporting their status. Incomplete, that was hers and she was sure that no one would want to hear that coming from one of the Aces in the company. “Mouse Seven…Base this is Isla Montgomery do you copy?” This was getting ridiculous she thought as she tapped her foot on the car floor. For a few seconds she held her breath as the crackling noise stopped followed by a heavy breather on the other end. Someone needs some breathing strips she thought as the breathing grew a voice, deep and thoroughly annoyed. “Ms. Montgomery this is Base. What the hell do you want?” And quite unprofessional she thought with a snirk before replying. “Well if you are missing your hearing, I guess I should repeat myself,” she said with a sigh, “I need assistance right now. Someone dropped my tank and landed a crack in it. It’s been leaking all week and now I can’t use it so I’m stuck with my emergency tank.” The voice on the other line stopped breathing for a few seconds. 
“I see. I’ll get on that. Sorry bout the wait. Now may I know what division you’re in?” She looked at the walkie-talkie like it had grown a working mouth and snorted back. “Why would I need to tell you that?” The fact that she needed air should’ve been a big clue to him that she couldn’t bother herself with frivolous things like giving some stranger at the base her name. “It’s just precautionary ma’am,” replied the man in a dead tone like a butler on a old fashioned TV show, “just give me your name and division and I will make sure you are given help as soon as possible.” Fine she thought as she tugged the speaker close to her mouth. “Its Isla Montgomery, do you need me to spell it?” The man grunted in response. She took that for a no so she went on. “And I’m with the Scrounger’s Division.” A unhealthy silence swept over the talkie as she breathed heavily into the speaker. That was unnerving. What happened? Was it something she said? “Hello?” she called, tapping the talkie with a finger as she eyed the gauge of her tank by her side. The tank would only last her another twenty two hours and she still had to get on working, pulling a all-nighter to meet her quota. The talkie came back with a crackling boom as the man’s voice huffed. “I’m sorry ma’am, there seems to be a problem with the computer, please hold.” 
For a few seconds the man breathed heavily on the other side of the talkie and then in a split second he disappeared. Isla was now alone in her truck. 

Chapter 6
It was only six in the morning when the alarm clock squatting on the floor by Abby’s cot started going off. It tap danced along the floor and skittered to a halt hard against her hand. “Stupid piece of shit,” the sleepy girl grumbled as she swiped it up and banged hard down on the button on the tip top that kept it going. The clanging stopped with a burp and a squeak, she eyed it like a cockroach before dropping it to the floor with another clang. She did not need to wake up at six in the god damn morning. Her shift started at eight, breakfast sat in a dry box with a bottle of water by her bed and she didn’t need to change clothes seeing as all she would be wearing was a blue jumpsuit with a tight hood and a gas mask. It wasn’t like anyone would see how she looked in the morning. Her light brown hair tangled into knots around a ponytail holder she had stolen from another girl’s bathroom when she was ten, her bangs stuck up like wild rice stalks and her eyes bloodshot from waking up over and over again ever hour. Nothing like insomnia and narcolepsy to keep you awake and well rested she thought as she stumbled up from her cot, wobbling her way over to what constituted as her closet, a trunk with several folded jeans, few shirts, some rolled up underwear and tucked away socks. 
She didn’t go for the trunk, instead she went for a hanging jumpsuit, her left eye twitching a bit under the influence of the dark abyss she called her room and also from lack of sleep. She was something called a medical mystery to those that worked with and around her. Both a narcoleptic and a medical insomniac, she had a hard time not falling asleep on the job and a harder time falling asleep when she needed it most. Coworkers called her Zombie Faire and others poked fun at her perpetual coon eyes, saying she was already ahead of the fashion curb every time she walked out the door. Abby couldn’t have cared less either way, though her job seemed twice as difficult to do then her fellow workers. Scrounging was something one could simply not do with their eyes closed, unless of course you were a savant of some kind. Raking a brush through her hair, Abby yawned a few more times to make her eyes widen up again instead of wanting to close. With a toss of the brush and a yank of the hands, she had her hair in a ponytail and the box of dried cereal in her hand along with the water which she used as a substitute for milk. Sometimes you had to be crafty where she slept and milk was out of the equation. “Better then starving again,” she muttered before shoving a spoon full of water soaked cereal into her mouth. 
Crunching down she barely realized the door opening and a voice yelling at her to get outside. “Mayfair get your ass out here. Now.” The voice sounded very familiar and for a blink of a second Abby thought about running for her bed to hide, but she thought better of it.

Chapter 7
He was getting a promotion. Turner Miles could feel it coming. The way his commander smiled and patted his shoulder when he told the old man the urgent news, the way he said “We’ll handle it from here,” the way he looked so pleased when Turner had told him his need for assistance with a Scrounging chick in trouble and the look on his commander’s face when he proposed they just leave the girl where she was. It was what the Government would have wanted them to do he had said and the men agreed. They agreed so much that they had asked Turner to wait in the office while they went and took care of it themselves. “Don’t move from this spot you hear?” the commander told him as the gruff man in top military garb grabbed his shoulder and held him on the spot. “Yes sir,” Turner said with a nod, turning towards the office wall. I’m so getting promoted for this he thought again as his face upturned into a grin. Just imagine what honors could be bestowed upon me he mused as he closed his eyes and imagined the commander giving him the highest honor, the Tripoli Badge of Honor. A purple and yellow ribbon tied around a gold star ornament. Now that would look great on me he smirked as his eyes traced shapes on the plaster and metal wall before him. That was a hour ago though and now he was getting tired. 
“This is fucking ridiculous,” he swore under his breath as he tapped his fingers along the old vinyl fabric arms of the office chair he sat in. This was taking too damn long. “How long does a cancellation take?” he looked around the office for some kind of distraction to keep his mind off the lateness of his superiors but he found nothing. What could be taking them so long? Turner looked around him quickly for a way out. I’m starving he groaned as he made a move to stand up but quickly remembered his superior’s command never to move from that spot and quickly with a little bump on the leg sat back down. Folding his hands in his lap like a prim school girl Turner eyed the ceiling this time, counting the tiles as he whistled the Army’s Alma Mater to himself. He had been a army rat for seventeen years and knew the song well for his father and grandfather had been in his exact shoes as well. The only difference between them and him is that they were in the past and he barely knew the words to the stinkin song. For another half hour he kept himself occupied with picking lint wads off the arms of his chair until the office door busted open and the commander, grey hair flared to the side, came marching in with his advisers, two large men built like brick houses and both intimidating with their badges and blue coats. 
“Miles,” the man barked as he came to a abrupt halt by his chair, hovering over Turner like a bulldog over its next kitty meal. “Yes sir?” Turner stuttered, completely caught off guard. “You may go.” That was all he said before nodding a few guards inside. Two of the guards grabbed Miles by the arms and led him out of the room before chucking him into a barren hallway. 

Chapter 8
“Mayfair, get your slug butt of a ass over here this instant,” hollered Scrounger General Joseph Whiley through the hollow door that separated him from his shouting target. A stout and short man just above five foot two with spiked blonde hair and a goatee, he wasn’t very threatening to most till he opened his mouth and started barraging people with orders. And Abby was no exception, even at five foot five she towered over the man and yet one bark from him could send her skittering for the hills. “Yeah Joe?” she said with a grimace as he yanked her out of the dark confines of her bedroom with one hand. Slipping on a pair of sunglasses that covered the eye area of her face completely, Abby followed her boss’s light blue jumpsuit and blonde spikes as he dragged her along by the arm. Without a word he pulled her to one side and pinned her to the wall of the hallway they were in. Metal against her back and bright florescent lights blasted their rays on Abby, making her wanting to yawn but she stifled the wish. “Where’s Izzy?” he asked, walking up to her till they were almost face to face. “What?” she looked at him and blinked several times her brain fogging up every three seconds. What was he talking about? “Izzy. Where is she? She’s not at the docks like everyone else.” Abby still looked confused as he rambled on about a stranger girl. 
I don’t know a Izzy she wanted to yell at him but decided to keep her mouth shut instead. It wasn’t worth getting in trouble she thought as she shook her head. “What? What do you mean no?” now it was his time to look confused. “No? You mean no you don…” She cut him off with a wave of the hand, pushing him by the shoulder back a few inches so she could breath in and somewhat air her mind out. “I don’t know who you’re talking about Joe. I don’t know a Izzy.” Joe looked at her with large blue eyes that changed to darker shades of blue when his moods did. “Yeah you know Izzy…Isla.” The name Isla dawned on her and she nodded her head quickly. “Yep I know Isla. What about her?” Joe repeated his question on Isla’s disappearance and all he got was a shrug of the shoulders from Abby. “I dunno,” she said as she looked at her feet. “What do you mean you don’t know. You two are roommates…” again she cut him off this time with a look up from where she had been staring at her feet. Looking up at him through her eyelashes she curtly replied “Just because we’re roommates doesn’t mean I always have to keep tabs on her. She’s twenty. Leave her alone for God’s sake.” Joe’s face turned bright red and it scared Abby, enough to make her take a few steps back as he shrieked. 
“Leave her alone? I just got news that she might be in a emergency because of a oxygen tank blew it and you’re telling me to leave her alone?” Abby’s jaw dropped at the words emergency before she started to run down the hallway while her boss followed behind her, yelling at her to stop but she wouldn’t. She couldn’t.

Chapter 9
Commander Tisday had seen many things in his life but this was something out of a old fashioned film. In a spread out stance stood a figure that looked more menacing then a tank with a three rocket gun rack. The supposed man standing before him was dressed completely in black from head to toe with only a sliver of the thick cloth cut away leaving a eye hole and breathing space. Standing in the midst of the Base garage, the man held two large tapered cleavers in his gloved hands. “You like?” a voice asked from behind Tisdale making the gruff and harried man jump. “Uh yes…” his voice faltered as he turned around slowly. Standing right behind him was a short man with a rat like tapered face and greased over black hair with twiddling branch-like fingers. Mr. Muldoon was the military go to man for weapons and assistance with assassinations. It was with his effort that the black covered man came to be, a secret killer that was just what the military ordered. “He’s highly trained in combat and assassination assignments,” said Muldoon with a ecstatic air. He was a big lover of all things sharp and dangerous like old fashioned knives, leavers and full length swords with the gilded hilts and glinting metal blades untouched by rust. 
So much that the military threatened twice to ditch him in the dust of a basin unless he updated his weapons of choice to something suitable for combat. “Are you sure those will do the trick?” Tisday asked skeptically as he pointed with a crooked finger at the lean cleavers accentuated by embroidered handles. “Deadly. They’re nasty in one on one combat.” Muldoon scurried around Tisday and reached over to the man, gingerly pulling one of the cleavers out of his hand. Swishing it around, he turned the blade towards Tisday and allowed one of the many florescent lights above them to shine off the metal. “It’s quite sharp, and it can cut at least three inches in one fell swoop.” He showed off what he was talking about with a swoosh and a twirl of the blade. Interesting thought Tisday as he reached out a hand for the knife. Muldoon shook his head and pulled it away holding the blade behind his back. “Uh huh sir. Its best that a professional holds it.” The word professional made Tisday’s blood boil as he reached again for the knife only to have the man jump away again. He didn’t work thirty years in the military to be insinuated as not a professional. “I’m pretty sure I know how to hold a knife Muldoon. Now hand it over.” With his words out in the open, he made a grab again for the cleaver and successfully nabbed it from the small man before he could make a move to retrieve it. “Very nice,” he muttered as he turned the blade over and over in his hands, caressing the sharp steel sword. 
“Will it do?” asked Muldoon and Tisday smiled. “Yes it will do quite well.” He handed the blade back to the man, turning around before walking out. “Don’t fail me.” 

Chapter 10
Everything has been taken care of. The man’s voice resonated in Isla’s drowsy mind as she slouched against the driver’s seat of the truck. Now she nothing else better to do seeing as it would take the team the man said was sent three hours to drive and find her. She wasn’t easy to spot here in the middle of nowhere. Squatting in the middle of the remains of a basin, her truck with its cab and tippable compartment in the back was small against the burned mountains that had once been alive and green. At least that’s what people told her growing up. Who knew so many Nukes could make so much lasting damage she thought to herself as she trudged her heavily clad feet along the dirt still soft and caked with petrified algae. Once called Lake Culver, it was now a pulverized mess, filled to the brim with fried fish bones and rocks of various sizes. How she ended up there instead of in many of the now gutted out cities nearby the base was beyond her. She never showed any interest in science and measuring fish bones was high up on her things to do next to peeling off her toenails with metal pliers and bathing in a tub of live electric wires but someone had to do it and seeing as half of her fellow Scroungers could barely read a map let alone a measuring tape, she was picked to do the dirty deed. 
Now stuck in the cab of her truck with the many bones of fish specimen she had recorded nestled in the truck back, she hummed a song to herself to keep herself company. I wonder what Abby’s doing she thought to herself while humming, the image of her roommate sleeping with one leg over the cot and another pushing against the wall behind her head made Isla smile. The girl was a mystery to her and a project for Joe their boss. Isla had lost count on how many times she had to wake up in the middle of the night because her roommate had turned the light on to get something and promptly fell asleep where she stood, sometimes bruising head or legs in the process. Catching the girl every time before she could fall down and break a nose or a neck, Isla would tuck the girl in and sit by her side and wait till her narcoleptic roommate started to snore before going back to her own bed. I doubt she’s up though Isla as she blew hot air on her hands, the cab of the truck taking a turn for the colder. Breathing on her hands, she checked in the side mirror on her left at least once to see if anything had shown up and again all she saw was the basin and the mountains behind them. She had little time to react though when something shook her car, scaring the girl as she jumped. 
“What the hell!” she squawked as she snatched her tank from the passenger seat and busted out of the cab with it under her arms. “Who’s there?” She called out but nothing answered back. It was never comforting to hear silence. It’s just your imagination she thought with a sigh as she hopped back into the car, unaware of a black shadow hanging around the backside of her truck, with a gleaming knife sticking out like a sore thumb in its hand. Just waiting for her to turn back around.

Chapter 11
The Base Scrounger’s Division was a small company of fifty souls but it had a big enough bank account with the government that it could afford a pantry size the same as a rich man. Located down one of the many hallways around the main base of the Government Headquarters, the pantry of the Scroungers had everything from food to clothing and medical supplies. It was here Abby Mayfair found herself, being tossed tank after tank by her boss as he struggled to find one that hadn’t been tampered with. “This is ridiculous. You have got to be kidding me,” the man growled as he grabbed one tank and held it up for Abby to see. Like a kettle fresh off the stove the tank was steaming with a small trail of smoke leaking out. “Who the hell is responsible for this?” he barked and Abby shrugged. “I’m not the head of the pantry sir, just another worker.” That only made him angrier as he chucked one of the broken oxygen tanks at her head and barely missed her. “Well find out who is and tell him this is unacceptable. I will not have my workers going out in the fields with malfunctioning equipment.” Abby nodded her head and raced out of the room, leaving her boss fitfully tossing about tanks till he finally found one that hadn’t been touched. Slamming the door behind her, Abby winced as the wooden panel bounced back and whacked her in the leg. 
He whistled through his teeth for Abby to come back and she ran back in, having been only reached three feet from the pantry when he called her back. “I thought you wanted me to go?” she said with a confused voice as she stumbled back in. Before she could go on the man tossed her a oxygen tank and pushed her out of the pantry. “I’ve changed my mind,” he muttered as he closed the pantry door behind them with a clang. The two of them walked quickly down the hall with Whiley giving Abby instructions as she tied the tank to her chest. “Now listen closely because I won’t repeat myself twice, you must drive out to her and when you see her, bring her back. Under any circumstances. I don’t care if you have to knock her out in a screaming rage to bring her back. Do it.” Joe stopped walking and turned to face Abby, the girl’s face a mix of fright and admiration. She was one of the younger girls at twenty one, still untrained in the ways of the government that ruled over them but smart and she knew danger when she smelled it. She understood well that her boss was handing her a task that was dangerous, seeing as she had never been from the docks farther than ten feet. Isla’s assignment was a good mile away behind mountains and in a place where there was no going back if you got lost. 
“You understand?” he asked again, eyeing her up and down. Abby nodded her head vigorously as she waited for his signal to leave. “Well then, what are you waiting for? Get a move on it.” With a push of his hand she was off, running for the nearest truck just as a man in green started for the same truck.

Chapter 12
The emergency tank was too late to save Isla Montgomery’s fragile life unfortunately. Lying sprawled on the dirt floor of the basin by the front tires of her truck the young girl laid flat on her back, her legs contorted behind her back her left ankle turned slightly to the right like she had been caught running and just happened to fall exactly as she had been standing. Her arms were in two completely different positions, one bent ninety degrees down, the other ninety up with her adjoined hand behind her head like a models pose. Both of her wrists bore deep bruises in the shape of nylon rope, the criss- cross patterns still visible in her skin. Her head was turned to the right, her eyes glazed and uncovered, her goggles and oxygen mask missing. With messy strawberry blonde tresses and light skin over a petit nose and full mouth she didn’t look at all petrified as her eyes would’ve suggested. In fact she looked rather peaceful. It was as if she had just lied down for a nap on the cool dirt. Nothing looked out of place with her hair scattered around her face like a model, her almost translucent skin beckoning the rays and her neck slender like a swan. The only splotch of ugly was a red line that cut across from delicate ear to the other. Red splatter covered her hands and parts of her jumpsuit. 
It wasn’t a very deep gash at a glance but it was enough to kill the young girl on the spot. Her death hadn’t been agonizing as the slash mark implied for sitting by her side was a empty metal canister with a mask attached to it. Outside the metal canister drew a orange fume. As it wafted over her body the smoke changed her skin from alabaster smooth to wrinkled grey, her once pale skin now a melting mess of follicles and flab. It was a almost odd sight from the ground up, her truck dutifully sitting by her side with the driver’s door wide open. She had been caught in the middle of something from the looks of it but what could it have been? There was nothing besides her corpse outside in the hot day’s air, well except for that creepy looking thing sitting on top of the truck cab dressed completely in black from head to toe. It had the stance and look of a human but was crouched and standing like a animal, as it quietly watched the young girl’s body decompose with time and heat. After a while of standing it hacked and coughed though it didn’t have a mouth to show for it. And, then with a agile leap it jumped off the top of the truck onto the dirt basin below without a sound. Like a old time spider it crept and it crawled till it was side by side with Isla’s face. 
With a single hand it stroked her face with a hand spattered with blood, then poked her neck that was sliced like a ripe watermelon before running off towards the bright red sunset behind the charred mountains. 

Chapter 13
Turner’s eyes threatened to close and shut off forever as he sat in the base room again, this time flanked by three privates typing away on the screens. He had just taken a thirty minute nap before he was called back into the base. Something about keeping the Scroungers from the Government Docks. Commander didn’t go much into the details of why they had to be kept away. “There’s something amiss outside and I don’t want to be responsible for anything those meddlers touch and bring with them,” the buff man had replied when a private asked him why. That was all he would give them before shutting the door behind them with a bang. That was odd thought Turner as he watched the many monitors hanging around his head, the other three privates not doing much help in the matter. One was listening to a song on the base radio while another snacked loudly lip smacking away and the last was picking scabs off his face and whipping the entrails off on his pant leg. Gross he thought to himself as the scab picking private looked around for a place to settle his newest picking, didn’t find a spot so he settled for the keyboard nearest Turner’s elbow. “WATCHIT!” Turner yelled back in dismay as he thwacked the young man’s hand away before he could even touch the board. 
“Sorry,” the skinny lad muttered as he scooted off into a corner to nurse his now red throbbing hand. Dolt thought Turner as he returned his gaze to the screen in front of him. And just as his eyes meet the plasma screen did they go wide. “What the hell,” he muttered as he watched in bemusement as two figures scurried across the screen capturing the docks. Great he growled to himself. Looks like I’ll have to go over there and stop them personally. The Base wasn’t rich enough to have a speaker system, one point that he hated with a passion. It meant that he would have to navigate the tireless tunnels attached to the headquarters which one would need a map for if they wanted to survive. Pulling himself up either way he looked at the other privates and silently took note not to let them know where he was going. Just in case one of the dingbats decided he was capable of taking his seat without asking. Sneaking his way out of the room amidst the clacking of keys and humming of machines, Turner made his way cautiously down the main hallway linking the headquarters to the rest of the tunnel like structure he and many of the privates called home. With his boots hitting the slicked over pavement in a one two one two step pattern he played over the many situations that could happen once he got to the docks. Perhaps they had already left or maybe they were armed. Either way he had to be prepared to take them away into military custody. 
It was his job too and he was bound by law to deal with those that weren’t welcome around the base docks, like the scroungers and their trucks of crap.

Chapter 14
This had to be the most embarrassing situation Abby had ever been in. Being stuck for a hour in a truck with a military official on the grounds that she and her boss were interfering with Government policy. I didn’t know helping a friend potentially in danger was against the rules thought Abby as she folded her arms against her chest and pressed her back against the passenger seat. The man sent along with her looked at what had been a road with so much intensity one would expect a bandit to come running across their path brandishing a machete. “So,” she hummed, trying to think of something to say but in the end her tongue tied itself. What could you say to someone who looked like they could kill you in a split second? Someone who admitted a hour ago that he had refused help to Izzy, and thanks to him she was now forced to leave her shift to deliver something that should’ve been done hours ago. “What’s your name,” she asked, picking a question that was neutral. Yet despite her careful picking the man still didn’t answer her question. All he gave was a loud grunt and a shrug as he fixed his stare on the mountains ahead. “Okay then I guess I’ll shut up,” she mused to herself as she went back to staring at her feet. The air in the truck was humid as she breathed hard, a oxygen mask over their respected faces. 
This wouldn’t be happening though if the stupid government left us alone thought Abby as she fumbled around with the third oxygen mask sitting in her lap strapped to a extra tank. Hours before she and Whiley had been accosted by the young man driving, being told that they couldn’t leave base without a government escort seeing as no one really trusted them. “I’ve been summoned here by the Government Agencies Alliance to tell you that unless you let me drive you out there, you may not leave the base,” the young man had intoned in a heavy voice that made several of the surrounding female scroungers swoon. Abby wasn’t at all enthralled and neither was her now cherry red faced boss who told her in a soft whisper before she boarded the truck to keep a eye on the soldier driving her. “I don’t trust his kind,” Whiley whispered in her ear. Abby nodded in agreement and silently promised to keep her eyes open for anything suspicious but that was easier said than done. Nothing out of the ordinary happened around them as the truck chugged through dust under the hand of the soldier. At least not for the last two hours that they had been driving in the middle of nowhere with nothing but dust for surroundings.  She had once or twice given him directions to where her roommate had been assigned and like any government official he ignored her words like waste and went his own way. 
At this rate Izzy will be dead by the time I get to her Abby thought nervously as the man did another circle around another hill, making her heartbeat faster with anticipation as she clenched tightly at the oxygen tank in her hands, the skin of her knuckles turning whiter by the second. She couldn’t be late. She just couldn’t.

Chapter 15
Sitting behind the dark wood desk he called his own, Commander Tisday sat comfortably watching a flat screen of the docks just outside the base. The metal docking bays were the only thing leading the Headquarters he headed from the inside to the outside world and if he had anything to do with it no one would be walking around. It was one thing to have scroungers picking up radiating things that shouldn’t be touched at all, it was another thing for a person, just a average Joe, picking up the atomic leftovers that could kill a single man in a blink of a eye. He, Tisday, had been set up by the government to look over forty thousand of the average Joes in a government created bin under the ground. No one except the scroungers had ever seen the light of day, no one except them knew what the outside looked like and if he didn’t do anything to stop them, his people would go wandering contracting cancerous diseases all just to gawk at things of no value from the old days. There was a reason why their kind wasn’t allowed on the land above and it wasn’t a laughing matter. Drumming his fingers on the arm of his chair Commander Tisday watched both the large screen and the door located directly in front of him. How long did it take this stupid assassin to do his job? It couldn’t take that long to kill one lousy human. 
Muldoon had promised it would only take a a hour but at the rate that the clock was ticking and the screen flickering like a bad light bulb, his patience was going. It would have to take much quicker and the man hadn’t answered back. Well at least he thought it was a man. Assassins these days weren’t picky about being labeled as either or male or female. And truth be told, sometimes he had a hard time telling the difference between the two. Back in my day he thought with a smile, this wouldn’t be heard of…if you could call ten years of being locked in a underground tunnel as being “back in the day.” Swiveling in his chair the commander watched the screen intently as a large truck drove itself in, unaccompanied by a driver in the front. That was quick he thought to himself as the screen widened to show a bevy of military men rushing the car with loaded rifles on their backs. That’s not what he had instructed the base to do. Standing up with a oomph from the chair and his protruding gut encased in the tightly constrained blue coat of his rank, Commander Tisday watched in stunned silence as the truck cab was unloaded of one package. A long tapered rolled up package with what looked like a sword stuck through the middle. The soldiers standing around the truck went from casually doing their work to absolutely terrified as the body was unwrapped. 
Staring back at Commander Tisday through the process of a screen was the face of the masked assassin he had hired, impaled by his own sword still freshly bloody from its encounter with its owner. This was disaster he could see and his forehead began to sweat profusely, thick palms clamming. What to do now he thought panicked…what to do…

Chapter 16
The assassin’s death wasn’t a accident, more like a mistake on Turner’s part. How was he supposed to know that the man in the black spandex outfit and gas mask was there in the middle of the desert because of his boss? He didn’t even have time to react when the man hit the windshield of the truck while it was in motion. Ricocheting off the windshield, the body then rolled over and with as much grace as a tub of lard impaled itself on its own sword fallen from the sky. Turner watched it all from the comfort of the cab with the scrounger’s girl staring at the long blood smear on the windshield in fright. “I’m so dead for this,” she muttered a few times under her breath as she hyperventilated in the seat beside him. Turner thought that she was just making it up to make him feel bad but after the third time she muttered it, he started to believe that maybe she wasn’t joking. “What do you mean by that?” he asked her in a soft voice as the girl looked out the window with a sigh. “Huh?” she said back, glancing at him with a confused look. It was like she had forgotten he was there. “What do you mean by you’re so dead?” he said again this time with intrigue. The girl just looked at him for a second as if thinking of whether to bite his head off or ignore him. 
Her mouth whispered a few short words under her breath before she rolled her eyes at him and went back to staring out the window. “What?” he said inquisitively as he leaned in with a cupped ear towards her, still driving the truck. She ignored him still, drumming fingers on the door trying to keep her mouth from dropping in boredom. “Are we there yet?” she asked after a sigh, looking at him from the corner of her eyes, her mouth thin and parched formed in a pout. “Almost,” Turner said as he turned the truck around a large bald and charred hill, the dust from under the wheels kicking up. Holy fuck you have to be kidding me he seethed under his breath. Now he couldn’t see a thing. This only meant one thing: slow down. And by the look of the girl beside him, she wouldn’t be so happy if they stopped for just a millisecond for the dust to settle. “Ya think that think we ran over is dead?” he asked as a lame attempt to keep her eyes from the dust covered windows and on him. “Huh? I dunno. Stop the car,” she said all in one breath as she kicked open the truck door without warning. Before Turner could make a snatch for her jumpsuit the scrounger was outside the truck and running through the dust around the small hill with one mask over her face and another in hand, ready for someone to wear. 
Oh no you don’t he thought as he stopped the truck and jumped out after her, slamming both door as she had forgotten to close hers. Before he could run though, someone screamed bloody murder. And that someone sounded like the girl from the Scrounger’s unit. And that wasn’t good.

Chapter 17
A quick autopsy report done by the base coroner confirmed what Tisday had been scared of. The corpse found in the truck was the hired assassin from Muldoon, the body impaled by its own sword. The coroner’s autopsy couldn’t tell them whether it had been planned or a accident but one thing was for sure, it wasn’t killed by one hand or by a person in general. “I think you have a accidental homicide on your hands here,” the coroner of the Base Commander said in a low voice while he snapped the glove covering his hand spotted with yellowish liquid that smelled like pickled juices and speckled by his wrinkled wrist with blood.”Our hands?” Tisday asked with a confused look on his face, “The military isn’t suited to deal with deaths like this, isn’t there a section of the police force here that works with this kind of situation?” He eyed the half dissected assassin and wondered in his mind if it would be a bad idea to piss Muldoon off by telling him his new weapon was now defunct. He took a look under the sheet and groaned. This would take more than just a apology, possibly a few hundred bucks under the table if he wanted his reputation off the line. “Well we could have the body uh returned to the lab for safe keeping…” the coroner slowed his speech while his brain picked around for a way to save himself from being sacked on spot. 
The base didn’t have a official place to keep dead bodies and he doubted the police force they had on hand just in case the people at the base became rough with each other or the government officials would even care. “You really think they would give us space at the lab?” Tisday said as he drew the cover over the assassin’s dissected body and face. The coroner nodded his head quickly and made a move to shove the body trolley away. Tisday held up a hand to stop him and leaned in. “Make sure this never gets out…” the coroner nodded his head profusely, “Or I’ll have your head on a silver platter with patte and rice, capishe?” The coroner nodded his head again as Tisday dropped his hand and stood to the side allowing him to pass. What have I gotten myself into? the man muttered under his breath as the autopsy door closed behind him and the trolley. Shaking his grayed head he sighed and smacked his forehead with his left wrist. Why. Why was he even doing this? This could kill his career. And at the base one false move under the watchful eye of the military and the corporation that ran the Base could make one the next corpse roasting in the atomic heat up above. Just smile and nod, he thought with a grimace as he passed by a few lab coats, just smile and nod. And perhaps you’ll get a raise he thought. 
That idea made his mind wander for a few seconds, nearly causing him to run the trolley into a metal wall. Whoops, my bad he thought with a grimace as he pulled the trolley back before it could make a crash in the hall, snorting under his breath as he pushed his beast of burden down the now deserted hallway.

Chapter 18
The death of Isla Montgomery was a loss that only one side of the Base felt, the other side quietly rejoiced as the emergency truck drove back with the warning of their dead, rotting cargo. When her dead body was brought forth from the aged truck bed, it was carried on the shoulders of her many Scrounger comrades and fellow Scroungers including her boss Joe Whiley. Her roommate Abby would’ve been one of the carriers too if she hadn’t been reduced earlier on into a sniveling, crying pile of bones and flesh huddled tightly in the passenger seat of the truck. It took a big effort from the young soldier sitting beside her when the truck drove itself in to pull her out of the car, and only once he had gotten her good by the ankles. Tugging hard on the girl, he pulled out her with a snap and transferred his hand’s hold from her ankles to her underarms before the girl could make a face slam against the foothold of the truck. He mouthed something in her ear, faint words no one around them could hear but ones that stopped her crying for a few seconds as she shot the man a glare before struggling to free herself. In the middle of the metallic dock’s dirt ground, the man struggled to keep his grip on the girl’s sides as he pulled her up to her feet again while she groaned, her head lulled to one side. 
Abby crumpled back down to the dirt floor like a rag doll to her feet, sides and arms slipping through his hold as she thumped to the floor, her last breath spent fighting him. The young girl, passed out and unresponsive, didn’t seem to realize the difficulty she made for the soldier as he struggled to pick her up and toss her over his shoulder. Once hanging her comfortably over one shoulder with one of his arms wrapped around her legs and his other hand holding onto her wrists just case she tried to hit him, the man walked out of the docks, only stopping to readjust the girl’s weight when she started to roll around. Carrying her through the main Base hallway, the soldier stopped once to ask directions from another soldier in the same garb. The other soldier shrugged his shoulders and pointed behind the man, muttering something under his breath before walking off in the other direction. “Some help you were,” muttered the man as he walked in the direction the other soldier had motioned to. Readjusting the girl’s weight on his shoulder again, the man walked along the dimly lit hallway of the base as other people rushed past him. Many looked irritated with him, as if his shouldered load was a piece of scrapped metal from the outside. Others looked up with eyes of sympathy. Whether that sympathy was meant for him or the girl he didn’t know and really he couldn’t have cared less.
All he knew was that he had to get the girl out of the hallway before she woke up and decided to pull his eyes out by the root for taking her away from her friend’s corpse. Feeling the wall with a hand, he searched around for a door handle and found it a few seconds later. He opened the door and shuffled inside before shutting it tightly behind him.


Wolfe Clan
Wolfe Family
Adrian Wolfe, age 39
Julius (Julia) McPhebe, age 38 (deceased)
Arabella Wolfe, age 21 engaged to Lucas Banks 
Concordia Wolfe, age 18
Luciana Wolfe, age 16
Benjamin Wolfe, age 14
Valentine Wolfe, age 12
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Traffic Update
A big rig collided into a line of three cars on the freeway this afternoon, killing three and seriously injuring one. The injured driver, a woman authorities identified as thirty eight year old Julia Wolfe of Harriston, has been airlifted to the nearby ER where she remains critical. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wolfe Family Answering Machine (1 voicemail) 
Adrian: Hi this is Adrian
Julia: Julia
Arabella: Bell
Concordia: Connie
Luciana: Luci
Benjamin: Ben
Valentine: and Val Wolfe
Adrian: We can't come to the phone right now, so please leave your name, number and a brief message after the beep and we will get back to you as soon as possible. Thank you very much. 
[beep]
Officer: Hi Adrian? This is Officer Ted Cody with the Harriston Police Station. Listen, I know this isn’t the right time to call but it’s about Julia. Highway Patrol contacted me a few minutes ago saying they couldn’t get a hold of you so I thought I’d give it a shot. She’s not doing so good Adrian. The staff at the St. Gertrude ER say she’s got a swollen brain as well as that tumor in her stomach you were telling me about a week ago. They say she’s got only a short amount of time to live. So hurry over. Quickly.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hospital Patient Notice
Name: Julia Wolfe 
Date of Birth: January 9, 1970
Cause of Notice: Trauma to the prefrontal cortex caused by blunt force. Patient has been sent under anesthesia for time being at 50ml.  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God,
Hi it’s me Valentine Wolfe. I know it's not the greatest idea to write to you around this time of year, and I know you'd rather have me pray like a good little girl that I am but I have a urgent request and it has to do with my mom. You see, she's in the hospital again for the third time this year and I was wondering if you could perhaps get rid of that nasty tumor in her stomach. I don't want her to die this soon. 
Sincerely Yours
Valentine Wolfe
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com
From: WolfeProductions@gmail.com
Subject: Mom
Valentine,
Get your butt downstairs young lady. You've been upstairs for way too long. Oh, and Mom's up finally.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God,
Wow, you're good. Thanks. 
Gratefully Yours
Valentine Wolfe 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Family,
Don’t worry about me when you see this. I’m at the hospital. My head’s feeling funny and I think it might be the chemo therapy. Love ya, Mom
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God,
Dad finally found mom’s note from before the car crash. Did you put it there? Because now he’s really sad. I’ve never seen him cry like right now. Please make him stop.
Valentine
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AIM Chat
lucyferwonder100 has signed in (Oct 29, 2008 11:00pm)
lucyferwonder100: mom's gone to the hospital again
lucyferwonder100: wonder how long this will last...
cyclops288 has signed in (Oct 29, 2008 11:09pm)
cyclops288: mornin' sunshine
lucyferwonder100: its 11 in the afternoon dave
cyclops288: shit.
cyclop288: ur jokin
lucyferwonder100: nope. 
lucyferwonder100: check ur clock again 
cyclops288: dammit
cyclops288: and here i am thinking i could get in a few chats with friends.
cyclops288: later homie, i have homework to do
lucyferwonder100: see ya later
cyclops288 has signed off (Oct 29, 2008 11:18pm)
lucyferwonder100: looks like I'm off too. My dad calls for me.
lucyferwonder100 has signed off (Oct 29, 2008 11:21pm)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God, 
I'm sorry to bother you again, but it looks like Mom is in a coma again. Dad said the doctors didn't remove the bump inside her head. I thought that was your job. How could you be so forgetful? Yeah I know there's like a billion of us to worry over, but could you take like five seconds out of your day to make sure my mom isn't going to die any day? Please, it would really make me a happy good little Christian.
Sincerely Yours
Valentine Wolfe
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Concordia Wolfe
10/29/08
						Essay #1
In the 1500's, theatre was not just a art but a way of life as well. In the Olden days, people could socialize at the theatre whether it was the pit or the stands, stage writers could write in political intrigue to gain either backing from the common folk or more lucrative, backing from the Queen/King, and people could hone their oratory skills on the stage and in the pit but that was a minor thing. In fact one could say that the theatre in London England was one of the most advanced social networks of its time. It provided a place for people to mingle as it was a place where class barriers, at least partially, were weakened and...
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God,
Mom's still in the hospital. Don't know why but I know that you're to blame. Thanks a lot. Really.
Ungratefully Yours,
Valentine Wolfe
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Arabella's iPhone Text-Chat
Arabella: Mom's in the ER again
Lucas: Oh dear what happened? 
Arabella: she took a fall in the kitchen and smacked her head on the countertop while none of us kids were paying attention and she tried to drive herself to the hospital.
Lucas: Aw baby that sucks.
Lucas: Is she alright?
Arabella: Don't know right now. Doc says it could be a serious concussion.
Lucas: Like veggie concussion?
Arabella: Yeah and Dad's a wreck. He's been pacing in the ER for the last thirty minutes.
Lucas: Wouldn't blame the guy. They've been married...for like 22 years right?
Arabella: Yep
Lucas: After 22 years I think its okay for a man to pace around while his wife's in ER
Arabella: I do too
Arabella: It's just, I'm trying not to freak out since my siblings are sitting right next to me but with him standing there and pacing I just want to jump up and yell at him to sit down. He's making me nervous.
Lucas: Don't worry baby, the nurses will tell him to sit down eventually
Lucas: I'm sure after a hour the linoleum will be worn down where he is...
Lucas: That will make the nurses nervous
Arabella: Thanks for the thought but I doubt they'll stop him. He's like six four. He towers over the receptionist every time we walk in.
Lucas: Well cheer up baby. Things can only get better if they're already as bad as they can get.
Arabella: I hope for your sake that you're right.
Lucas: I'm always right. Didn't I tell you that we'd be engaged by December?
Arabella: You've been sayin that every year since eighth grade and that was before we even dated.
Lucas: So? I was right.
Arabella: Sure whatever you say honey
Arabella: BRB honey, Connie just chucked a wad of paper at me. 
Lucas: Take your time babe. Love u
Arabella: I love you too
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Do you want anything from Subway?
No and did you really have to chuck this thing at me? I'm two seats from you and its silent, you can talk to me.
Sorry, didn't want to wake up Luci in the middle. Have you seen Val? She was sitting next to Ben and then three seconds later she's gone.
No idea. She might've gone to the cafeteria for something
The cafeteria? Are you nuts? She's only 12!
So? She's been here enough time to know where it is and I really think the only kind of creeper she'd meet would be one of the geriatric patients and they’re on the fourth floor. 
Still she's our baby sister. And is it just me or am I hearing a annoying whistle every three seconds?
That's Ben's PSP. 
Oh never mind. Does Dad want Subway?
No I think he's too depressed to think about eating healthy. Might remind him of mom.
Good point. Man this sucks, of all the days for her to hurt herself on. I was almost done on my essay too.
Subway. Go.
Aye aye captain
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Top 10 Scores - Medieval Slayers Scores
	1. Lord Daniel Snickers 100000 points
	2. Lady Michelle Michaels 99029 points 
	3. Lord Doug Christie 99019 points
	4. Lord Saul Landis 98199 points 
	5. Lady Hannah Port 98002 points 
	6. Lady Janie Louis 97783 points 
	7. Lord Paul Windrow 97331 points 
	8. Lord Benjamin Wolfe 97012 points
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God, 
This is my first time writing to you while walking, so sorry if the writing is a bit shaky. The cleaning lady just wiped the floors of the ER and I'm trying to walk very slowly. The cafeteria is just a few feet away and I'm starving plus my dad gave me twenty bucks beforehand in case I got hungry before anyone else in the family as is the case always. And I successfully avoided my sisters. You know how Connie is, she would be following me like a fruit fly around a apple if I walked up when she was still awake. I'll write to you later once I get my dinner. Just wanted to let you know where I was this time. 
Sincerely Yours
Valentine Wolfe
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Concordia's iPhone Text-Chat
Jill: Connie are you there? I need some help on this essay.
Concordia: What is it?
Jill: A thesis
Jill: I don't have one
Concordia: Well what do you think should be your thesis?
Jill: That's the problem
Jill: I don't know. Period
Concordia: Okay
Concordia: You're not making this easy Jill
Jill: I wasn't trying to make it easy for you
Jill: I'm telling you exactly what I've been struggling over for the past hour
Jill: I know what I want to talk about, but I don't have a thesis.
Concordia: Okay now I got it
Concordia: What is it you want to talk about?
Jill: Theater and social networking
Concordia: No can do.
Jill: What do you mean? 
Concordia: You have to change topics
Jill: Are you insane? The paper's due in like three days.
Concordia: I don't care, you have to change it. Two people can't have the same topic
Jill: Who else has my topic? 
Concordia: Me
Concordia: And I can't have Mr. Shaw thinking I copied off of your paper.
Jill: I'm not changing, you have to change
Concordia: Nope. I already have half a page done and I'm not deleting it all for you
Jill: Well how bout you do a different topic BUT you email me your page and a half whatever and I'll furbish it up till it looks like mine.
Jill: This would pay for all that gas money you owe me
Concordia: First off no that would be plagiarism and second I owe you jack squat in gas money. I've never set foot in your car.
Jill: What about prom?
Concordia: Pooled money. I gave like five bucks and that was supposed to be my cab fare home if I didn't get a ride back from you.
Jill: What about the movies we saw this summer?
Concordia: You didn't drive that was your brother. And I gave him a free ride back during school as a thank you. 
Jill: I know you owe me something from somewhere
Jill: Perhaps from seventh grade
Concordia: we met in ninth grade. I didn't go to your middle school remember?
Jill: Oh yeah.
Concordia: shit. 
Concordia: BRB ordering foot long now bye.
Jill: See ya later. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Subway   
10/29/08 3:14pm
Items			Price
Trk & Bcn Club..........$3.99
1 Small Drink.............$.99
Total...................$5.62
Subtotal................$20.00
Change..................$14.38
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
St. Gertrude Hospital Cafeteria 
10/29/08 3:16pm
Items		Price
Soda………....$0.99
Ham Sandwich....$1.99
Cookie..........$0.75   
Skittles........$0.25
Total...........$4.35
Subtotal........$20.00
Change..........$15.65
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God,
I wish they had a magazine rack around here or something. I'm already bored to death with doodling pics of cats and dogs with fat eyes on my journal. I can only do so many before they all start looking the same. The ham sandwich I'm holding tastes like rubber and the water didn't help. Maybe I'll have better luck with the cookie. Ew it tastes like dust. So much for a dinner worth dying for. I knew I should've waited for Connie to fall through with her Subway plan. I wonder if I could still manage to reach her before she orders...where's my cell phone. Found it! I'll be right back God.
Valentine
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Valentine's iPhone Text-Chat
Valentine: Connie are you at Papa Johns or Subway? 
Concordia: Just leaving Subway. 
Concordia: why? 
Concordia: Where are you? 
Valentine: Don't blow a blood vessel, I'm at the Cafeteria. Their food here is shit. Can I have some of yours? 
Concordia: Don't say that word Val. Say crap and yes you can have some of mine. I hope you don't mind bell peppers.
Valentine: That’s okay I can pick them off.
Valentine: Want me to meet you at the waiting room?
Concordia: Sure. 
Valentine: kay see ya
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
From: babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com
Subject: Dinner
Hey Ben you want some of the sandwich Connie bought at Subway? It’s delish. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com
From: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: Dinner
Thanks but no thanks Val. I already ate.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
From: babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: Re: Dinner
“eating” Doritos and dip doesn't count as a meal. Neither does staring at a PSP game with digital food for three hours. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com
From: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Dinner
Technically I had dinner before any of you guys. I ate a bean burrito with Dale and Lori at Taco Bell. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
From: babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com
Subject: OH
Oh so that’s why you were missing for the afternoon from the school today. I thought it was because you had a stomach ache.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com
From: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: Oh
Nope. Now stop interrupting. I have a quest.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
From: babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com
Subject: Fine Then
Be that way. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Slayer Chat 
Lord Benjamin Wolfe has entered the field 
Wolfe: Halt who goes there!
Lady Hannah Port has entered the field 
Wolfe: No girls allowed beyond this point. 
Port: I'm not a girl. I'm a lady. There's a big difference there.
Wolfe: Whatever. Stay away from my lovely dragons, Lady.
Port: They're not yours
Wolfe: What? Yes they are. See they're following me.
Port: NO they're not. This is called Medieval SLAYERS not Medieval Pet Shop
Port: Now move aside Lord Pain in the Ass
Wolfe: They are too mine and you'll have to fight me to get anywhere near them
Port: I don't fight boys
Wolfe: And I don't fight girls so go away
Port: I told you before I'm not a girl I'm a Lady
Wolfe: Sure you are. Lady Ogress
Port: Take that back!
Wolfe: HEY! Don't chuck your damn spears at me!
Wolfe: Take that you twit!
Port: My trolls! You bastard!
Wolfe: I'll take that as a compliment
Wolfe: WOOT 700 pts!
Port: STOP IT! You're cheating!
Wolfe: No I'm not
Port: Yes you are. You're not supposed to use Dragons against other players.
Wolfe: Well there's a first time for everything
Wolfe: Gotcha!
Port: That's it I'm leaving. And I'm notifying Admin that you're a cheating bastard
Wolfe: Go ahead see if I care
Wolfe: Boo yah! 500 more points. 
Wolfe: Hope you don't mind your minions fried to a crisp, my Lady Ogress Port.
Lady Hannah Port has left the field 
Wolfe: Score!
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God,
Can you please shut off my brother's video game? It's getting really annoying and all he's doing is typing fast and growling. He hasn't put it down since we arrived and I think it might just drive him mad.
Respectfully Yours
Valentine Wolfe
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Luci are you awake? 
Yeah. what do you want? 
Nothing, just making sure you're not in a coma like mom.
Val please, just because my eyes are closed for a few seconds doesn't mean I'm dead
Sorry. BTW what's that you're typing in your iPhone? 
My hit list and you're on the top
Not funny
It's a story actually and you can't look at it till I'm a published author
And that will happen when hell freezes over right? 
Shut up. Connie's behind you btw
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Luciana's iNotes 
An Inconsequential Life
Chapter 1
Sometimes life is nothing without its little quirks. It could be as small as a cup of coffee every Monday or as large as backing up the car into the recycling bin every day before work. We all have one that makes and shapes our days. Mine is the small bottle waiting on my desk every midnight, with the silver label and cork freshly popped off. Pierre Blanc it is called on the front and I love it more than life itself. Not that life loves me back anyways. Lounging in the wicker seat behind the desk I call my own, I down the small bottle in a hour flat. Normal people would gag at the sheer thought of downing wine that fast, but it’s become a daily habit of mine that I don't even taste it. Swigging a bottle of wine is my crutch in a reality that slams me to the curb every time I get back up from the first kick. I have many scars from it, but you c...
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God,
Thank you for the lovely Subway food. It makes up for the cafeteria experience.
Lovingly Yours, 
Valentine Wolfe
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Arabella's iPhone Text-Chat
Arabella: Lucas? Are you there?
Arabella: I really need to talk to someone that aren’t one of my siblings.
Arabella: Please? Lucas?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Arabella's iPhone Text-Chat
Concordia: Time to go sis
Arabella: Already?
Arabella: Did the Doc come by? I didn't see him.
Concordia: NO
Concordia: We're leaving.
Arabella: Why are we leaving? 
Concordia: It's 6. Dinner time.
Arabella: You ate 3 hrs ago
Concordia: So?
Arabella: So
Arabella: I don…
Arabella: Wait!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God, 
We're leaving the ER now. Finally. Dad's not driving us though. Connie is. So if you wanna find us for a miracle, just look for the wheezing faded blue Honda sedan with two kids in the trunk (legally, promise)
Faithfully Yours,
Valentine Wolfe
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pizza Hut 
Order #3
10/29/08 6:54pm
Items 			Price
1 Large Pep Pizza.......$5.99
2 Garlic Bread St.......$2.99
3 Salads................$3.99
6 Sodas.................$5.99
Total	$19.32
Subtotal $20.00
Change  $0.68
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
From: admin@slayerscore.net
Subject: Strike One
Lord Benjamin Wolfe,
It has been brought to our attention that you’ve been playing against the rules of Medieval Slayers. Such a accusation brings consequences as you signed a TOS stating that you would not break the rules of play. The purpose of Medieval Slayers is to slay dragons, not harvest them like a crop. We have reason to believe that you have also broken the rule against mistreatment of other players in the Multiplayer realm. For those two breaks, we have to give you a strike. Don't let this happen again.
Admin
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
From: babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com
Subject: Dude
Your PSP is buzzing off. Get off the damn net and answer the damn thing before Dad snaps.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: admin@slayerscore.net
From: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com  
Subject: Re: Strike One
First strike? Come on guys, this is supposed to be a game not a Minor Baseball League. You guys say in your Ad that we can live the game how we'd like to, regardless of play. So why can't I play with dragons? That's how I'd like to play. BTW how many more strikes to I have? 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
From: admin@slayerscore.net
Subject: Re: Re: Strike One 
Three strikes and we have to kick you out. You've already used up one with two misdemeanors and we know what we advertise. You must've been reading something completely different. 
Admin
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: admin@slayerscore.net
From: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
Subject: Well in that case… 
You can just Bite Me
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ari? Why did you give Luci a twenty Bell? 
She said she didn't feel well, twenty will be enough to buy her a few cough drops and some tissues plus she told me she could use a twenty
Luci looked fine to me
Have you seen my ID?
Drivers? It's in your purse
Not anymore
Okay then no I haven't seen it
Damn it’s missing
Why do you need it now? they don't sell booze at Pizza Hut
Not booze, driving
I'll drive
Kay but I call shot gun
Luci's back
This napkin needs a break
Oops I ripped it!
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hey Lu, what’s in the bag? 
None of your napkin business
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Never mind I found my ID
where? 
in my purse
guess you overlooked again :P
No I just found it, like it popped out of nowhere when luci returned
weird
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God,
Thank you for the pizza tonight, it was delish. Dad said it was the best meal he had in a while and that was the first time I heard him speak more than three words. Oh and by the way could you turn Ben's PSP off again? Wait...that's the only way we can communicate. On second thought, never mind. 
Valentine
PS. pepperoni is nasty
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wolfe Family Answering Machine (1 voicemail) 
Adrian: Hi this is Adrian
Julia: Julia
Arabella: Bell
Concordia: Connie
Luciana: Luci
Benjamin: Ben
Valentine: and Val Wolfe
Adrian: We can't come to the phone right now, so please leave your name, number and a brief message after the beep and we will get back to you as soon as possible. Thank you very much. 
[beep]
Voice: Hello Mr. Wolfe, this is Sharon Glindale from Kaiser Permanente calling regarding your wife. We regret having to tell you the bad news over voicemail but at seven fifteen this night, Mrs. Julia Wolfe was pronounced dead after being several hours in a coma. We are sorry for your loss and will be more than happy to make this painful experience less so. Please call us at XXX-XXXX when you get this message. Thank you and you have our condolences.
[beep]
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God,
Mom's dead. No she can't be. I hate you.
Hatefully Yours,
Valentine Wolfe
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Arabella's Facebook Status Update
Arabella Wolfe is...Found out Mom died this day at 7 at night. I was at dinner and she finally left this place. I feel like such a horrible daughter right now. Never got to say good bye to her.
			Lucas Banks 
			I'm sorry to hear that baby. Come on over and I'll make it all better.
			Arabella Wolfe
			Can you ever not think of anything other than sex?
			Lucas Banks 
			I'm a guy honey. It happens. Get used to it.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Concordia Wolfe
10/29/08
...The theatre of the 1500s was barely the center of attention and in the 1600s finally gained momentum in the early part thanks to Shakespeare, his contemporaries and their patron the Queen. With plays written to satirize society, actors spoke to a variety of people, in the pit and up in the bleachers. Actors, mostly men because even back then women were considered vile and seductive even in full Elizabethan garb, interacted with the townsfolk. A everyday peasant could take part in the play as well, though not in a thoughtful manner. They would mostly throw rotten fruit if it sucked or...
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Concordia's iPhone text-chat
Concordia: I have writers block
Jill: Aw that sucks so do I. Join the club.
Concordia: Really? I thought you were doing the same thing as me
Jill: Not anymore. Now I'm writing about Shakespeare, the Globe and prostitutes.
Concordia: What made you change your mind?
Jill: You. You told me I couldn't have the same thesis as you
Concordia: I never said that
Jill: Yes you did
Jill: Don't you still have the text?
Concordia: Let me check
Concordia: Nope
Jill: You seriously couldn't forget in three hours. What's wrong with you?
Concordia: my mom's dead
Concordia: that's what’s wrong
Jill: Oh wow
Jill: I'm sorry
Jill: When was that?
Concordia: thirty minutes ago
Jill: Sucks man
Jill: I'll be over in 10
Concordia: kay. I need someone else to talk to.
Jill: I guess that means "bring your sleeping bag"
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear God,
Why did you have to take her away from us? I hate you. NO more letters from me. You don't deserve it.
Valentine
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Valentine (babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com), Luciana (lucyferwonder100@yahoo.com), Arabella (silverbella21@yahoo.com), Ben (slayerboi2001@yahoo.com)
From: ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com
Subject: A idea
Hey sibs,
I know mom just died yesterday and today is a school day, but I thought that maybe we could make something for the memorial Aunty Jemma is planning several days from now. Jill and I came up with the idea last night of a family year book, with pics of mom, dad and us with small captions under each. We could all write something in ours after a intro like "Connie is the second oldest kid of the Wolfe bunch. She loves school, reading and will miss seeing her mother cooking Thanksgiving turkey ala Martha Stewart." I'm just throwing it out there. Let me know if you like the idea and if we can get all five votes, we can work on it from there.
Later
Connie
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Concordia (ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com)
From: silverbella21@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: A idea
Here's mine
Arabella is the oldest daughter of the Wolfe family. At twenty one she already has a A.A. in Literature and is slowly climbing her way to the top to obtain a BA in English at home. She loves baking and hanging out with her fiancé Lucas but will miss having her mom around to gossip about it later, and the smell of Gingerbread cookies during X-mas.
btw aren't you supposed to be in class right now?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Arabella (silverbella21@yahoo.com)
From: ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com
Subject: That makes one
One down, three more to go and I have three periods free to do absolutely nothing. Unlike someone right now who's emailing me back right after I sent the email, and during class too.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Concordia (ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com)
From: silverbella21@yahoo.com
Subject: It’s called
A iPhone plus multitasking. It's tricky but it pays off. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Arabella (silverbella21@yahoo.com)
From: ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com
Subject: Whatever
...
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Concordia (ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com)
From: lucyferwonder100@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: A idea
I like this plan. Here's my stab at it
Luciana Priscilla Wolfe is the middle of five children born to Adrian and Julia Wolfe. A talented writer and artist, Luciana likes her solitude and can be found in the family office day or night. Sadly Luciana can't claim one thing she'd miss about her mother seeing as the woman didn't give a flying fuck about her in her first life.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Luciana (lucyferwonder100@yahoo.com)
From: ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com
Subject: D'awww
Mom did give a fuck about you Luci. Don't be too harsh on yourself. When we were growing up, who was the one that always got to ride in mom's lap in the front of the car? 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Concordia (ConnieWolfe13@yahoo.com)
From: lucyferwonder100@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: D'aww
That's because I was the sick little duckling back then. Don't you remember the countless Doctor trips up till eighth grade? I hated sitting in the front. Even if it meant I got to hang around Mom for a few hours. I felt like shit in the end and after I got better Mom ditched me for the next best thing, Val. 
So nice try in cheering me up sis, but it’s not working.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Luciana (lucyferwonder100@yahoo.com)
From: ConnieWolfe13@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: Re: D'awww
Shit I'm sorry sis. I totally forgot about that small detail. My apologies...you do forgive me right? 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AIM Chat
lucyferwonder100 has logged in (11:20pm Oct 30, 2008)
lucyferwonder100: I need a drink
cyclops228 has logged in (11:21pm Oct 30, 2008)  
cyclops228: you might want to type that a little smaller in case the teacher comes
lucyferwonder100: like I care what the teacher thinks
lucyferwonder100: I just want to get wasted right now
cyclops228: mom has a stash of Grey Goose and Rum at home if you want any
lucyferwonder100: my mom's dead
cyclops228: sorry
cyclops228: i mean't my mom has a stash of booze
lucyferwonder100: is it okay if I come by after school? 
cyclops228: sure
cyclops228: use the back gate
lucyferwonder100: okay :) 
cyclops228: shit!
cyclops228: teacher alert
cyclops228 has logged off (11:24pm Oct 30, 2008)
lucyferwonder100 has logged off (11:25pm Oct 30, 2008) 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
On Campus Detention Slip 
Name: Luciana Wolfe ID: 089902234
Date: October 30, 2008	Time: 11:29pm
Reason: Found surfing net during class period and disrupting class. Stashed a bottle of unknown origin in her backpack, thought to be vodka and orange juice.
Teacher: Greg Thoro
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Concordia (ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com)
From: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: A idea
Benjamin Wolfe age 14, Lvl 8 Knight Slayer, 100 gpts
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Benjamin (slayerboi2001@yahoo.com)
From: ConnieWolfe@gmail.com
Subject: WTH
That's your Medieval whatever stats. I want a small blip of a bio, not stats that no one will understand.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Concordia (ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com)
From: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: WTH
I though that's what you meant by bio. And what does blip mean? 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Benjamin (slayerboi2001@yahoo.com)
From: ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com
Subject: NM
I'll write one for you. Just tell me one thing you'll miss about mom.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Concordia (ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com)
From: slayerboi2001@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: NM
One thing I'll miss about mom is her kisses. She'd always give me a kiss on the cheek even if I didn't ask for one. And how she always told us how much she loved us. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Luciana's iNotes - Oct 30, 2008
A Inconsequential Life 2.0
Chapter 1
Life and death are two things young Barter Kelly never bothered thinking about. A night shift guard at the Smithsonian in DC, Barter was only interested in and that was guns and coffee. Two things that wouldn't necessarily go together at night, and two things that she needed to stay up. Not that she shot anyone, but she did tazer one fucker last night. It had been a local drunk, trying to take a piss on the Smithsonian lawn in nothing but his shirt and trench coat and she tazered his ass to the ground before he could call Uncle or the other police cadets. No one gave her a standing ovation for her good deed, and the only recognition she got was a extra measly twenty bucks to her salary courtesy of her boss. Barter, or just Kelly as the other cadets called her to her face, wasn't at all thrilled with her new salary of a hundred and forty bucks a hour, it didn't add up with her five hour working period. She wanted something better than that. She wanted a boost on the job, she wanted to be famous, a hero of some kind. And she knew just the way to do it.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Concordia (ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com)
From: babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: A idea
I guess I'll join in
Here's my sucky one 
Valentine Wolfe is the youngest kid of the Wolfe bunch. She loves to draw kitties and puppies while she's not doing class work and will miss her mother very much, especially her chicken pot pies that she loved to make for Christmas.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Valentine (babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com)
From: ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com
Subject: Thanks
Now I just have to compile it and I'll send you the finished product when I'm done.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wolfe Family Answering Machine (1 message) 
Voice: You have reached the voice mail of 
Arabella: The Wolfe family
Voice: is not available. Please leave a message after the beep.
[beep]
Voice: Hello Mr. Wolfe, this is Shawna from Dresen High School calling about your daughter Luciana Wolfe. She has been sent to On Campus Detention and the staff is wondering if you could come in for a conference regarding a carton of vodka and orange juice we found in her backpack. Thank you.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: Arabella (silverbella21@yahoo.com), Luciana (lucyferwonder100@yahoo.com), Benjamin (slayerboi2001@yahoo.com), Valentine (babyfacepeaches@yahoo.com)
From: ConnieWolfe13@gmail.com
Subject: Finished Product
Here's the finished product for you guys. Let me know if I need to fix anything. 
***
In loving memory of Julia McPhebe Wolfe
1970-2008
We will never forget you

Julia McPhebe Wolfe was pulled from this world at the young age of 38 by the cruel hand of fate. She died peacefully though her family didn't get to say their farewells as she passed way too fast. Julia will always be remembered by others for her smile, wit and her love that seemed to show no boundaries. 

Her surviving family:
Adrian Wolfe, Julia's Husband and her one true soul mate. A man of few words and large actions, Adrian will miss his wife more than words can say.
Arabella is the oldest daughter of the Wolfe family. At twenty one she already has a A.A. in Literature and is slowly climbing her way to the top to obtain a BA in English at home. She loves baking and hanging out with her fiancé Lucas but will miss having her mom around to gossip about it later, and the smell of Gingerbread cookies during X-mas.
Concordia is the second oldest of the five Wolfe children and loves her school work. When she's not working on extracurricular activities, she is either writing up resumes for her next job or doing a side project for class. She loves crocheting but it will never be the same as her mother, her one companion in arms, is no longer around to help her with her cross stitch or her yarn balls. 
Luciana Priscilla Wolfe is the middle of five children born to Adrian and Julia Wolfe. A talented writer and artist, Luciana likes her solitude and can be found in the family office day or night. Sadly Luciana can't claim one thing she'd miss about her mother seeing as the woman didn't seem to give her the time of day, but Luciana knows that her mother did love her no matter what her mind told her.
Benjamin Wolfe is the only boy in the family of now six and is a avid gamer. He can be found playing away on his brand new PSP that his father got him for his birthday. He claims that he misses his mother's kisses and the smell of her baking around Thanksgiving. Who doesn't. 
Valentine Wolfe is the youngest kid of the Wolfe bunch. She loves to draw kitties and puppies while she's not doing class work and will miss her mother very much, especially her chicken pot pies that she loved to make for Christmas.
The Wolfe clan will never be the same without Julia, but the amount of love and affection she had given to her family and friends will always live on. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Medieval Slayers Player Console - PM (Lord Benjamin Wolfe)
From: Lady Hannah Port
Subject: Sorry
I'm sorry about what I told the Admin yesterday. I didn't mean to have you banned for teasing me. Please forgive me.

From: Lord Benjamin Wolfe
Subject: No worries
I wasn't banned. Just have a lot on my plate.

From: Lady Hannah Port
Subject: Thank God
I thought they had permabanned you for no reason other then to make you feel bad.

From: Lord Benjamin Wolfe
Subject: Wouldn't Put
It past them. Did you know they have a three strike rule now?
				
From: Lady Hannah Port
Subject: Yeah
It's been the topic of discussion in the forums for the past week
					
From: Lord Benjamin Wolfe
Subject: RE: Yeah
Really? Where have I been this entire time? 

From: Lady Hannah Port
Subject: RE: RE: Yeah
Probably doing homework or something like that.

From: Lord Benjamin Wolfe
Subject: Do You
Speaking of homework, you wouldn't happen to know the historical moments of the 1700s? 
								
From: Lady Hannah Port
Subject: RE: Do You
Yeah I do. Are you doing that too? I thought my class was the only one.

From: Lord Benjamin Wolfe
Subject: It’s a
Small world after all. :) 

From: Lady Hannah Port
Subject: Dates
Here are some of the dates I wrote down from my class yesterday.
1.) Revolutionary War, 1776
2.) Boston Tea Party
3.) Declaration of Independence
4.) Stamps Act
5.) Boston Massacre	
From: Lord Benjamin Wolfe
Subject: RE: Dates
Clicked on it and I could've sworn I was reading my own notes from class.

From: Lady Hannah Port
Subject: RE: RE: Dates
Wow that's weird. Where do you go to school? 
			
From: Lord Benjamin Wolfe
Subject: Dresen High School
I'm a freshman.

From: Lady Hannah Port
Subject: Deja vu
So am I! Are you in Mr. Daven's History Class? 

From: Lord Benjamin Wolfe
Subject: HOLY SHIT!
Yeah I am...first or fifth period? 

From: Lady Hannah Port
Subject: First
I'm in class right now, at the computer lab playing

From: Lord Benjamin Wolfe
Subject: I think
I know you. I'm in first too. Where are you? 

From: Lady Hannah Port
Subject: Second row 
Near the black board. Computer 8. You?

From: Lord Benjamin Wolfe
Subject: Computer 9
Right next to you.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Arabella’s Facebook Status Update
Arabella Wolfe is…considering not getting married. Why not wait? 
		Lucas Banks
		What? Why am I always the last one to know?
		Arabella Wolfe
		You’re not the last one. I wrote that for you.
		Lucas Banks
		????? What did I do?
		Arabella Wolfe
You don’t answer my phone calls, my texts or my emails. Where the hell have you been?
Lucas Banks
I’ve been here the whole time honey.
Arabella Wolfe
Not for me you haven’t. I saw those pics of you with your ex.
Lucas Banks
My ex girlfriend. Big deal.
Arabella Wolfe
You had YOUR tongue down HER throat.
Lucas Banks 
It wasn’t mutual I swear. She came onto me.
Arabella Wolfe
		We’re not having this discussion on Facebook.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Mom,
Hey it’s me Val. Just thought I would write to you seeing as God has better things to do then answer prayers. You've been gone for one day now and a lot has gone down. Luci's in Detention (so I've heard), Arabella is thinking about suspending her wedding till 2013, Connie is a train wreck trying to plan your funeral, Ben is still obsessed with his game and I am stuck at home since Dad refuses to help me with homework and can't be arsed to leave the couch to take me to a home school trip. I still don't know why you guys wouldn't let me go to public school. I mean, Dad can't even look at the calendar without thinking about you. Call me heartless, but this is my education we're talking about and I don't want to end up like one of those hobos on the side of the street. I miss you so much mommy. Come back please.
	Valentine
