Falls the shadow


By Tommy Dakar
Published on Smashwords by Tommy Dakar 2012
Other books by Tommy Dakar

Balls. A full length comedy novel.

The Trap-Door. A dark fantasy novel

A World Apart and other stories. A collection of short stories.

Visit www.wix.com/tommydakar/tommydakar
Table of contents

Book 1 - Falls the shadow
1
2
3
4
5
6
7

Book 2 - La Feria


Between the idea
And the reality
Between the motion
And the act
Falls the Shadow
T. S. Eliot 'The Hollow Men'


BOOK 1 - FALLS THE SHADOW


1 

The bus disembowelled itself, spilling its entrails onto the pavement, exuding its hot human odour. Richard looked over his shoulder as it started up again, gaining speed and colour as it nosed through the petrol-blue air. It was almost up with him even though he had given himself at least half a mile start. He lengthened his stride, but inevitably the bus sought him out, determined to win. He knew that it was useless. He had intended to race it to the traffic-lights but he had no chance of that now.
Instead he had to content himself with beating it to the bridge, which he managed to do by breaking into a quick trot. The bus passed him at speed, and despite his re-adjusted victory, he felt the cold, despairing quality of defeat. It passed quickly, however, no more than a momentary shudder. Slowing to a walking pace again, he crossed the bridge.
At what he judged to be the top of the slightly curving bridge he stopped and looked down onto the railway lines below. Four highly polished metal lines, like he imagined theoretical parallel lines would be, never meeting, shooting towards infinity on their endless, mathematically frustrated path. Did they really never meet?
Railway tracks had always seemed eerie, semi-real places to him, full of ghost stories about tunnels, derailments and suicides. There was the story of the two lunatics who lay down, one on either side, waiting for the London express, a perfectly simultaneous death. Or the line worker who stepped in front of a train and burst like a balloon.
Recently someone had even taken to hurling cats in front of express trains, off bridges like this one, a matter of sinister timing. A strange place a railway track, almost as if its unreality affected people in some way, drew them to it like a magnet. When he was a child he was terrified of playing on the level crossing. The bigger boys told him that if he touched the electric rail, even with a stick, he would be frazzled into dust in a second, like a cartoon cat.
He decided to wait for a train, realising that the only difference between living and committing suicide consisted of about fifteen seconds of action. He could climb onto the parapet, leap, and leave the unfortunates to clean up the mess. He tried to imagine what it would be like, but he failed, always seeing himself die as if he were watching a film, seeing his guts explode in slow-motion, a Hollywood association. Somehow 'committed suicide at twenty-eight by jumping in front of train' didn't seem to fit in, wouldn't allow itself to become reality.
Then it came, all metal, riding and screaming along the rails. It shot beneath him, rocking, disappearing between his legs, stirring a vague sexual response. He watched as the carriages passed, passed, passed, passed: gone.
Empty. As empty as ever, perhaps the trace of an echo, no more. He spat, watched it dodge the wind and lose itself amongst the gravel between the lines, and then, with a light shrug, almost as if waking from a temporary spell, he walked on. 
It was a bright April afternoon, filled with fresh pale sunlight, seemingly clean and clear-headed, a brand-new light, unlike the heavy, intoxicating yellow sunshine of midsummer. The trees and bushes, childishly modest in half-clothed green were picked out precisely by the crystal air. After the Atlantic murk and froth of winter, these spring days appeared as the limpid bays of the Mediterranean, blue glass, full of light. Still, it was cold in the shadows, at the base of tall buildings or under thick-limbed trees, and the passers-by wore raincoats or sweaters or long woollen scarves, and as Richard turned into a side street he too was glad of his anorak. Winter, it seemed, had not quite departed, still clung defiantly in dark corners as remnants of chill, like damp rags.
The newsagent's sucked in and spat out the odd customer, old duffelcoated men after cheap, strong tobacco, schoolchildren adding colour to their drab lunch boxes with gelatine and chocolate, office workers seeking king-size cigarettes to measure out their paper hours. Richard found himself inside, and he supposed he wanted a newspaper. 
The newsagent, an English protestant version of Fagin with a woollen waistcoat and crooked horn-rimmed glasses was serving an old, short, barrel-shaped woman with a quantity of magazines and boiled sweets, mumbling his usual detached courtesies.
 'Woman's own, love? Certainly, here you are. Anything else? '
'Hello.'
'Hello, here you are, thanks very much. Anything else?'
'And give us a quarter of them mints.'
 'Quarter of mints, certainly love.'
He tumbled the sharp edged sweets over his hand until the scales tipped a quarter ounce. Then, half-slyly, but prepared to defend his action if necessary, he picked one out and popped it back into the jar. The woman wasn't watching, she was too busy counting out her coins.
'Here you are. Anything else? No? Thanks very much. Good day to you.'
Then, to Richard,
'Afternoon, can I help you? Certainly, sir. Thank you sir, good day. Yes madam? Can I help you?'
After the warmth of the newsagent's the streets seemed even colder. He tucked the paper under his arm and walked home.  
His flat was the bottom floor of a three-storied, modernised terraced house. It was comfortable and spacious and had access to a small garden beyond the kitchen which Richard enjoyed working in during his free time. He lived alone, for although the flat was quite large, it was in a poor area and Richard could easily afford it on his own. Besides, he preferred to maintain his privacy, it suited his nature better. Inside it was furnished but not clustered. He was a tidy man of simple tastes and his choice of furniture reflected this. In the front room there were a few armchairs, a table with a few books on it, a television and a stereo. A few framed pictures hung on the wall. There was very little else, no ornaments or such like, he loathed the pointless bric-a-brac he found in other people's rooms, he found them unnecessary, over-ornate. The kitchen had the same air of ordered simplicity. His eating habits were conservative, preferring the typical unadorned food of his parents, simple vegetables served with unspiced meat. He opened the fridge and poured himself a glass of milk.
Back in the front room he started reading the newspaper.  He found that he was enjoying his Wednesday afternoons more and more. Before, when the store had first decided to give him an afternoon off in the week he had not welcomed it, preferring instead the quiet, friendly, slow-paced atmosphere of the shop-floor where he was salesman. But recently he had begun to look forward to these solitary afternoons, with no work, no social obligations, no rush at all. He could read in peace, listen to music or simply sit and think. And on days like this, there was always the garden, that oasis of calm reassuringly waiting for him beyond the kitchen door. Wednesday afternoon now meant for him a time of reflection, a time when all the high-speed push and pull of life could be made to seem logical, acceptable.
But today he felt a little uneasy, unrelaxed. Perhaps it was the return of those memories about trains and suicide and animal cruelty, or maybe the chill hiding in corners, or was it the impersonality of the newsagent's? He had forgotten his defeat by the bus, it didn't count, it was too childish, too familiar. He stopped searching for a reason; he doubted his ability to find one.
The paper unfolded its accounts, chronicled the suffering of another day. The dark print marched across the soft paper, casting shadows of fear as it went. It seemed incredible to Richard that life could still be as vicious and unbelievably cruel as it had been five hundred years before. As if nothing changed. As if progress was a myth.  Or at least, as if the road along which man progressed was more like a river of blood. The slaughters and massacres and beatings continued, escalated almost. Border wars, purges, political assassinations. Famine, disease, over-population.  Luckily it remained news. Pinch yourself and your home, personalised and comfortable, remained solid, remained reality. This news came from a different world, world number two, or three. The first world isn't like that, it revolves around subtler issues such as economics or legislative procedures, it is settled and unsurprising, leaving no cause for concern. The difference between these worlds was vast, perhaps measurable in years or dollars or fertility of soil. But the difference remained, like Richard's flat, undeniably real.
However the cartoons and the sport, the crosswords and the country diary lessened the effect. By the time he put the paper down the horrors had diminished, the cries decreased, and the world returned to Wednesday afternoon. Only his uneasiness seemed a little deeper, a shade darker.
He decided to lose himself in gardening. It was a familiar remedy which almost always worked, though he couldn't begin to say why. He would come home, numbed by his regular routine of salesman's patter and mock obsequiousness, or depressed by the world events, and he would simply change, pick up a hoe or a trowel, and tend the garden.
Invariably, by the time he grew tired or cold, his mood had passed, like a nebulous blown on by fairer weather, and he felt able to continue his allotted position in society.
The garden was a small affair, surrounded by a low brick wall, exactly similar in size to all the other fingers of land which lay side by side at the back of the terrace. It was too small really, there was never enough to do. Richard was a well-built, strong-limbed man and he found that he had to keep changing the lay-out of the whole garden in order to keep himself occupied. Today, for the sheer exercise of it, he had decided to dismantle a rockery and dig it over in preparation for sowing either lettuces or radishes or something more productive. He sometimes felt a little absurd as he invented work for himself. It made him feel like an under-exercised dog begging to chase a stick. Here he was, destroying a piece of work it had taken him three weekends to complete not so long ago simply for something to do. He had considered taking up a sport but somehow they seemed frivolous to him, not worthy of his energy. Here, in the garden, he could at least produce something, be of some use. He had even toyed with the idea of changing jobs, becoming a milkman or a dustman, or preferably a gardener, but it was too late now; ten years as a salesman had soured him. He felt fit only for selling carpets or three piece suites.
He picked up the first huge rock gently, foolishly not trying to soil his hands. It always started like that, tentatively, almost with distaste. Until you felt the gritty puttyness of the loam between your fingers, until you realised you were going to get dirty and touch and return to the soil a little, then the work began and the body swung to it with natural willingness and grace.
He was sweating now, creating a mountain of rock, uncovering woodlice and snails and spiders, feeling his body live, calming his uneasiness in physical exertion. At work, dressed to lie, he never felt in contact with his flesh. He often felt as if he were standing behind a cardboard cut-out of a salesman, poking his head through a hole like at one of those antique seaside photographers.  And mentally he was detached, sitting in his head, behind the two way mirror of his eyes, watching himself function, waiting for the show to end. It was all so unreal, unphysical. It made you doubt the solidity or reality of your existence. It made you feel like something in a dream. It made you feel depressed.
How different it all was when you bent your back and smelt the unique, inimitable scent of soil. As bone and muscle interacted, as flesh made contact, as other creatures, real, unadorned, naked creatures danced before your eyes.  There was the sky at your back, holding the weather for your inspection, joining you with the birds as you all kept an eye on the clouds, making you share their concerns and understand their behaviour. Under nature, all fears are equal, all joys born of the same source. Fear of fire and predators, cold and barrenness. Joy in sunshine, summer and fertility. And more, much more, as complex as creation, as difficult and as simple as a spider's web. By the time he started forking the damp, dark soil he was glowing to the ends of his fingers, and his mood had passed.
Back inside he washed and began to mentally plan the remainder of his day. He was feeling relaxed and optimistic and running over the possibility of seeing Eleanor again.
Eleanor was a graphic artist he saw from time to time.  There had been a time when they thought they might make something more serious of their relationship but nothing had transpired. She was a feminist, proud of her liberty and too afraid of allowing herself to lose it to ever contemplate a lasting, serious bond, especially with someone like Richard whose quiet, introverted manner contrasted so much with his large, athletic figure that he made her feel unsafe. She felt she was capable of submitting to him. For his part Richard had never felt sure enough of either himself or events to make a decision one way or the other. Did he love her? Or she him?
Nothing had ever occurred to make him feel definite about their relationship. And so it drifted on, unstated, punctuated through the years by other fleeting relationships. And now Eleanor was to him like a garden, reassuringly there, offering peace and comfort, both mentally and physically.
He hadn't seen her for over two weeks, so he decided to visit her that evening. They could talk over all the things that troubled them, sleep together, and face the rest of the week, or the month, or whatever, refreshed.
She wasn't alone when he arrived, two of her student friends, a young, fervent couple, were paying a social visit. Although Richard knew them and liked them, he was secretly annoyed at their presence. He found it difficult to talk easily in company, became muddled and only half-stated his case, and he knew that these two excitable youths would be sure to start a discussion about something controversial and intricate. He wished they would leave so that he could unburden himself with Eleanor, so that he could be personal and specific, not general and confused.  Clara, the girl student, was talking about feminism, a familiar theme in Eleanor's flat. She was smoking feverishly, constantly brushing her side-parted blonde hair off her face or jabbing her cigarette accusingly towards the door, sending fine sprays of ash and smoke into the air which danced together in slow motion before departing, the ash gently snowing to the carpet or coffee table, the smoke rising to the ceiling where it gradually faded away.  Richard didn't smoke and he found the room obsessively stale.
Eleanor and Andy, Clara's boyfriend, were sitting cross-legged on Eleanor's bed, and Richard was obliged to kneel on the floor, the only armchair being occupied by Clara. She had obviously been talking for some time and Richard was relieved that he had missed the beginning. Now it would be virtually impossible to join in, and he could sit out the rest of the discussion until the topic changed.
After the greetings Clara continued.
'The whole point of the thing was that it should be a woman's protest, that's the whole idea of the society.  It's a feminist society and therefore must, by definition, exclude men. That doesn't mean to say we're anti-men. But if we start admitting male members it ceases to be a feminist organisation and simply becomes a political association, no different to, say, Amnesty International or the young conservatives. I know Andy agrees with my views, but I wouldn't want him to be able to join our society. He feels the same. It would defeat the cause, distort the whole meaning. It would be disastrous, wouldn't it? Do you see what I'm getting at. Feminism is female, exclusively.' 
She waited for a counter argument.
Eleanor shifted a little, trying to soften her words, not wishing to offend, merely discuss.
'But surely you are simply see-sawing. Feminism fights for equality, surely, not inequality. It doesn't want revenge, only justice, and anybody who's on our side, male or female, should be allowed to help us. Right?'
'Yes, yes. I agree. But not 'within' the society. Look, let me give you an example. When we demonstrated outside the American base in protest of the siting of nuclear missiles, it was a feminist protest, designed to draw attention not only to the nuclear problem but to feminism as well. So only women protested. But Andy was there, making tea and things, behind the scenes. He helped, but not 'within' the society. The minute you have a mixed organisation, you fail to highlight the feminist cause.'
'But what you were campaigning about then was not a feminist cause. At least not solely. The siting of missiles is an issue which affects everybody. By having Andy in a reverse-role situation, like a caring mother - in popular conception I hasten to add, not my view but those who are feminists biggest enemies, those who see women as housewives and men who do housework as pansies or weeds or whatever - where was I? Oh yes, by having Andy appear as a woman while you do the protesting, especially over an issue which is not strictly feminist, you played into the hands of the bigots you hope to impress. You made them laugh at you. I'm sorry, I don't mean to criticise a worthy cause, but I think men not only can but must play a part in furthering the feminist cause, on an equal footing.  Why not? Why not have a feminist society with both sexes?  Both fighting for the same cause. It's men we have to persuade most after all. Let's infiltrate their ranks, use them for our ends if you like to see it like that.'
'I see what you mean but I think it's dangerous. Men are notorious, they would infiltrate us. No, I'm for keeping it straight. Women only. I don't trust men as a species.'
'Thank you, '
smiled Andy, a good natured man in his early twenties.
'Personally I think she's right (he meant Clara), you might run the risk of having the society undermined by cynical men or insincere men. Perhaps it's better to fight them on your own. Us sympathisers will help when asked and support in any way. You girls get on with the real business, OK?'
'Sounds like a reasonable solution,'
concluded Eleanor who was tired of the subject and desired to change the conversation, 
'shall we have a tea or something?'
While she prepared the tea and coffee an uneasiness settled, like the cigarette ash, over the room. Andy and Clara muttered barely intelligible requests and reminders to each other, annoying themselves through their incoherence. Andy requested something to do with cigarettes, but Clara didn't quite catch it and replied something about going out later to buy some more. Andy left it at that, and Clara fidgeted, throwing quick, nervous glances at Richard. Richard wanted desperately to change his position, his knees were giving him pain, but his oversensitivity to social situations froze him; he couldn't move, at least not until someone spoke or Eleanor returned. He wished Andy would say something, break the ice in some way. He wished he had the power to do so himself, but he found it impossible to start. The longer the silence and awkwardness remained, the more difficult it would be to break it. 
The spell was broken by Eleanor who called 'sugar?' from the kitchen. In the ensuing replies Andy found enough courage to open the conversation.
'Would you like to hear a story about one of my friends?'
'Yes, go on '
urged Richard, a little too sincerely.
'Who?'
asked Clara, on the defensive.
'Kevin Langsdon.'
She shrugged, giving him the go ahead.
'Speak up!'
shouted Eleanor, 
'I can't hear you.'
'I haven't started yet! Listen. Do you know Kevin Langsdon, Richard?'
'No, I don't think so. What does he look like?'
'Tall, attractive in a Jewish way, large ears, smokes.'
Richard shook his head. 
'Anyway,'
continued Andy
'he's unemployed, and the Job Centre sent him for an interview with the Civil Service. You know the type of thing, three stuffed suits, see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil. Well, he didn't want to work for the Civil Service ...'
'Who does?'
snorted Clara.
'... Right. Anyway, he went along, there were three of them. One liked him, one hated him, one didn't care, the usual nonsense. Well they asked him various questions, I forget them exactly, but one of them was 'Would you mind working in the Tax Office, what are your views on paying tax?', and he replied 'I've no idea, I've never paid any myself. I've been unemployed since I left college'. They smarted a bit but carried on. When they asked him about his hobbies he told them he was a poet. So they asked him, I can't believe this but he swears its true, 'What's your conception of the universe?' So, sensing a good leg-pull he told them that he thinks that mankind is like a match struck in the void, momentarily flaring but doomed to destruction, devouring the very thing upon which it exists.  No, no, the world was the match, the wood and that, and mankind was the flame, the fire. Yes, that's it. Not bad.'
They all laughed, although Richard couldn't help but think the image rather appropriate. Eleanor entered, smiling bearing a tray of cups. They all assumed the story was over, but there was more. Andy resumed. 
'The best bit, though, was when they asked him if he had any previous convictions. He said 'Yes, I used to believe that the capitalist system was based on justice, but I was only a child then'.'
'What happened?'
asked Clara, shocked and amused.
'That's the best bit. They all laughed, didn't take offence at all. Two weeks later he started in the Department of Health and Social Security. The bastards offered him the job!'
'And he took it?' 
asked Richard, amazed. How could such an intelligent, witty man accept such a post?
'He had to,'
explained Andy 
'if he refused they would stop his payments. The best he can do now is find another job or get the sack.'
'Can't he just leave?' 
asked Clara, genuinely concerned.
'Well, he could, but he'd be running a risk with his unemployment money, plus he wouldn't be entitled to any money for six weeks. Anyway, it's a job, he gets paid. I think he's taking it in his stride for educational purposes.'
'It makes you wonder if they gave him the job out of spite doesn't it?' 
Eleanor commented.
'Wouldn't be surprised,' 
said Andy, and another conversation burnt out as the ashtray filled.

At length Andy and Clara left and Richard could talk to Eleanor in peace. He had remained quiet during the rest of their stay, adding as much as he felt was socially expected of him and no more. No one had tried to urge him to speak, they accepted his muteness and respected his desire to say little or nothing. They all knew him, knew how he hated to be drawn out except on certain issues, and his behaviour had caused no surprise.
However, now that he was alone, he would not be treated so kindly, his social laziness and introversion would not be permitted in Eleanor's presence. Not that he intended to remain silent, his sole purpose in coming had been to talk, to converse. He waited until Eleanor had tidied up a little, then sat next to her on the bed.
She smiled at him, sharing his relief at their being alone.
'Good evening, Richard.'
'Good evening, Eleanor. How are you?'
'Exhausted.'
She kicked off her slippers and sat cross-legged on the bed, her familiar posture.
'What brings you here, then? Therapy? Psychoanalysis? Lust?'
'Would you believe all three?'
He sat straight, formal, as if he had never been in the room before, as if he were a stranger.
'For God's sake Richard, take your shoes off and relax, you look as if you think I'm a Civil Service interviewer.'
He laughed quickly, suddenly aware of himself. He removed his heavy leather shoes and aped Eleanor. Together they sat, like bookends separated on a shelf, still and solitary.
'That was an amusing tale about the Civil Service, wasn't it? What's his name again, Kevin something?' 
asked Richard. He found it easy to talk in her company. She seemed like a shadow, or an echo, a soft, unobtrusive presence that placed him under no stress, asked no social commitment of him. She was like a sister, or a memory, or perhaps another self. He felt no awkwardness with her; it was almost like talking to himself.
'Hmm, I could see you were quite impressed. Why?'
Her voice was quiet, even, like a hypnotist's, like the soft steady glow of the bedside lamp.
'I don't know exactly. I liked his image of Man as a flame, it sounded poetical and true. Destroying that on which it exists. Ecological I suppose. Do you think he's a poet?'
'No, he isn't. I know him. He's a cynic. He sounds impressive but he uses his intelligence for effect. I like him, but his ego irritates me. He would have made a good parliamentary critic. And I liked his comment about injustice in the capitalist society. It seemed to me he had an ability to sum things up in a phrase, like a songwriter or a poet. I envy his ability to 'say' those things, don't you? Even if you could sum things up like that, you'd never dare 'say' them, would you? You'd be too afraid of embarrassing yourself.  You'd get tongue-tied and say it all wrong. That's what you envy most, his ego.' 
She said all this in the same unhurried voice, not as an accusation, merely as a presentation of the facts. She knew Richard wanted to hear this, that he took no offence. Perhaps, she thought, that was the trouble with their ridiculous relationship: neither of them took offence. They didn't penetrate into each other's emotions enough. Sometimes she even wondered if they had any real emotions at all, they were always so level-headed and open-minded. She sometimes wished she could anger him or hurt him in some way, or he her, but it was impossible. It would be like trying to get a Buddhist monk to kill a dog. But she had resigned herself to the fact, there was no future in their relationship; it was infertile. Richard, staring at the wall ahead, looking at but not consciously noticing the guitar hanging there or the angry, feminist posters declaring 'equality' or 'freedom from oppression', continued talking into space, vaguely aware of another's presence, glad of its company, its soothing unlonely effect.
'You're right, as usual. Yes, it's just that. You once called me 'socially inept', or was it 'socially wet?', something like that, it amounts to the same. I suppose I am. I feel so out of place, a misplaced person. A born introvert, but should that matter? You see, that's only part of it. I know other shy, reticent, reclusive people who nonetheless feel quite at ease, relatively, in their surroundings. I don't. I feel like a sore thumb, as if I'm out of step with society or something.'
'Be more specific. Give me an example. How does it affect you from day to day?'
'Nothing concrete, only vague feelings of uneasiness or discomfort. At work I feel as if I'm at a dress rehearsal.  Everything's acted out, but the audience fails to come. You know what I mean, I've told you it all before. And the newspapers carrying all that tragedy, day in day out, nonchalantly, a job of work. And nobody, least of all me, does anything. To occupy myself I dig my pocket handkerchief of land until the sweat pours off me. I don't know what else to do, it seems too futile. That's why I envy Kevin what's 'is name, he could achieve something positive. Nowadays actions are sneered at, it's words that win the day.'
Eleanor had lain back on the bed and was watching his face intently from the side. He seemed in turmoil, at least as much in turmoil as his sluggish emotions would allow. He spoke clearly and with concern, and his eyes narrowed slightly beneath his lowered eyebrows. She had a vision of him, strong, aloof, bearded, like a Scandinavian peasant, quietly but strongly coming to a decision, framed against the dark northern sky. And she knew she could never approach him in his lonely kingdom. She felt the distance between them and it was vast and cold.
'You were born at the wrong time. You should have been a cottager, you're unsuited to this consumerised society. That's all it is, you're in the wrong place.'
They lapsed into silence. What else was there to say? She tugged at his sleeve, encouraging him to lie next to her.  She nestled into his body, seeking warmth and a return of affection while he stared at the ceiling, his vision full of the images she had evoked in him, images of sea and land and moody skies. He felt her body against his side, like water gently lapping a rock, and he thought she could erode him if only there was time. But there was no time, there is never time.
He stayed with her that night, leaving early in the cold, unfriendly, uncompassionate light of morning. He felt no better, and like the weather, his mood had not changed.


Thursday lay ahead of him like a graph, plotted round the hours and minutes of his working day, as certain and unimpressive as a formula. It lulled him, like a well-known song, offering no surprise, no danger, no hope of change. It stretched out, sub-sectioned into shifts and breaks, dull but comfortable.
It seemed to affect everyone the same way. Mrs Colthorpe, the personnel officer, garish behind her middle-aged female executives hairdo and glasses, greeted people in the same breezy but superior fashion that she used every day. A hearty but haughty 'Morning Richard' as she swept past in cream pleated skirt and matching jacket, daubed and baubled, like an ageing cosmetics saleswoman and carrying an attaché case for effect. She too was a feminist in her own odd fashion, although at first glance it seemed more like she was simply copying male middle-management dress habits, like an inverted drag artist. But to her mind she was 'keeping the feminist flag flying', a female spy in Manland. Despite this confessed attitude she was unbiased sexually and was generally liked throughout the store, if only vaguely.
The rest of the staff strolled in, numbed before they even began by the guaranteed boredom which awaited them.  Salesmen and office staff, shop assistants and warehouse workers, all unconsciously highlighting the social instore hierarchy by being over friendly, deliberately non-class conscious. The workers, the low paid cleaners and carriers, made overtures of sympathy to salesmen and management, pretending to understand the complexities of their allotted professions, though secretly hating their self-pitying excuses invented to obscure the fact that they earned twice or three times more money for less work. And vice versa, in typical tolerant, worker-orientated management style, the upper echelons of HAGLEY's Furniture and Fittings Store claimed to 'understand' the workers, to have an affinity with them, almost, it seemed, to be their brothers in toil. In this way the workers' resentment of the management, and the management's disdain for the workers was kept at bay, smothered along with the other emotions of boredom, anger, hatred and insignificance which everybody was forced to deny themselves every day. If at any time an emotion leaked out in this calm, pipe-musicked, highly polished submarine world, it was referred to Mrs Colthorpe, Tiresius, both man and woman, who promptly numbered it, filed it, and declared you fit for work again.  Richard had worked in this anaesthetic microcosm for ten years, it was so easy, like second nature, or schizophrenia.
Taking up his usual position in the Furniture Department his mind again began to search for something with which to keep itself occupied. He had seven hours of lying-in-wait ahead of him, hours which would involve talking to fellow workers, trying to sell furniture and, and the majority, doing nothing. The first two he could manage quite comfortably, almost unconsciously, slipping into whatever role he felt was required of him - jovial, serious, keen, well-informed. That was the easy part, the acting. And keeping the mind occupied had used to be simple, too, it had never caused him any pain or anxiety before. He used to plan or dream, or simply allow himself to drift from furniture to childhood, customer to God. But recently it had become more difficult, more irksome. He found he needed a focus, either a theme or a specific topic around which to base his thoughts. His consciousness refused to float, it demanded attention, a guide, a direction. And so far he had failed to discover any convincing direction.  Instead he chose subjects to think about, as if deciding on topics for a debating society. Feminism, threat of war, journalism, ecology, education, a pocketful of disjointed, complicated issues. When these became too well-worn, or too exhausting, he would choose a lighter subject, fashion or modern music, or would perhaps mentally recite and criticise a poem. But the problem remained: each topic was a topic only unto itself, there was no common thread upon which to string them. What he had was a handful of beads, what he needed was a rosary.
Even so he had a vague idea of what the problem was. He would never have reached this conclusion, or at least it would have taken longer, if it hadn't been for Eleanor. She had said it again last night, 'You were born at the wrong time'. Whether she meant too early or too late neither of them knew. But as soon as she had first suggested this possibility, he saw it might contain a germ of truth. Trust Eleanor to supply him with it! It was true he often felt out-of-step, as if he lived on a slightly different time-scale. He often felt like a man who wakes up unaware that the clocks have been put forward or backward an hour. If backward, he wakes up in stronger, warmer light, a little dustier, somehow thicker than usual. The milk has arrived, and the radio plays music, not news. Outside the streets are full of housewives and children under five.  The buses are on time, half-full, the conductor recognizably human. As it glides easily through the light traffic, it passes empty newsagents' but swelling supermarkets, knots of workmen at tea-break, and executives strolling to work. When he arrives at work everybody is on a different work time-scale, and he exists only in their past.
If forward he wakes in half-light, chill and damp, as if in storm conditions. Strangely over-tired he creaks out of bed. The house is as still as night, whispering draughts and shivering a little too, also surprised by the early start. In the streets the lights are still on, though only just necessary in the increasing light. The streets are sparsely populated by muffled men, silently, sullenly, hurrying to work carrying chequered bags packed with sandwiches and thermos. The bus, lights still on, is courteous, afraid to damage the early morning nerves of the dockers and factory shift-workers. It's a sombre, duty-filled, dark coloured man's world, played out unwillingly but stoically to the sound of coughing and spitting and the grunted greetings of 'morn' or 'John'. Cigarettes and The Mirror, traffic warming up, even the milkman silent in the chill. And eventually, too tired to stamp for warmth, he reaches the closed office, aware that he is wrong again, and that a whole world of eight o'clock breakfasts and rowdy, child-filled, rush hours has again slipped him by, as if he never belonged at all. From this he concluded that either he, or society, or both, were to blame, but where exactly that left him he couldn't say.

Today, for no noticeable reason, his mind turned back to the time when he was a boy of seventeen. He was studying for his A-levels, an optimistic and finally fruitless task which he was undertaking more for his parent's desires than his own. To fill in he had taken on a job as an egg collector on a large battery farm a few miles out of town.  At that stage in his life his moral sense was not his own, it had been lent to him by his school and his parents, it was shared by all his friends. No objection was raised, instead he was encouraged, urged to 'fend for himself'. The first thing that struck him, virtually literally, was the smell. A choking, clinging ammonia which pervaded everything, lingering in his clothes long after he had left, surviving countless machine washes. Inside the sheds it was so strong that it was necessary to wear a mask. The sheds themselves were economically constructed, with five or six aisles flanked on both sides by three-tiered rows of cages, two-feet by one-and-a-half at most, each housing four chickens: even statistically it was appalling. It took a great deal of mental preparation to enter the sheds, and when you did you were faced with low lights, piped Radio 2 music and the eerie, ominous 'hello-hello' of the chickens. At times clear words would appear out of their constant bubbling murmurings, and then Richard would look up suddenly, expecting a fellow-worker to appear beside him wishing him 'mornin'.'
And flies. Flies crawling over the cracked or shell-less eggs (some eggs were malformed, possessing only a thin skin, but no shell), flocking in frenzied ecstasy around the corpse of a sick or mutilated chicken. Flies in your face and on your hands, flies in the air outside, flies dying on their backs on the highly polished kitchen table of the farm house, victims of Vapona. How different it all seemed when the eggs, sorted and packed, lay in neat piles by the door awaiting the egg lorry. Dozen upon dozen of light, well-shaped eggs shining in the sunlight, held in dramatic, beautiful relief by the half darkness of the shed's interior behind them.
That summer, those endless eggs, seemed as remote as fiction now as he looked back upon them from the beeswaxed light of the Furniture Department. He began to hold an imaginary discussion in his head, for and against, to see which side held the strongest argument. It was a conversation he could only imagine himself taking part in, as he believed himself incapable of such detailed discussions in a real social scene. He imagined himself talking to a Vegan or similar, at least someone who refused, on moral grounds, to eat battery farm eggs. 
'Did you feel sorry for them when you saw them like that?'
'No, not really. They have no conception of freedom, they appear to be oblivious to their country cousins living on free-range farms. I feel no sorrier for them than I do for, say, a child brought up in a high-rise flat in Birmingham or an unemployed black in Liverpool.'
 'But there's a difference. A human being is not in a cage, it can leave if it so wishes. They have the choice. Animals can never choose, they can never leave their environment.'
'Since when have hungry children in Africa had a choice of environment? Or a miner in Wales for that?'
'But people can do something about it, they're not helpless. After all, they made their own mess, so they should put up with it or change it. Animals are forced to suffer unfairly, it's not their mistake.'
'Richard! Have you handed your sales slips in from last night, I don't seem to have them?' 
The interruption irritated him, but he controlled his feelings, it was imperative to the status quo of the whole store.
'I was off yesterday afternoon. I expect David put them in Mr Rockall's office. Shall I go and check?'
'No, it's all right, I'll go.' 
He watched the woman recede, then tried to pick up the thread of his argument. Working from the beginning again he managed to find the point where he had been interrupted.
'Not their mistake, you say? Nor is it Modern Man's surely. We inherited this mess, didn't we? Did you or I decide on power politics or high-rises, the arms race or the Industrial Revolution? No, it's our unfortunate legacy, it's not our mistake.' 
'No, but it was man all the same, the same species. Animals are innocent: we are guilty by relation.'
'True. We are the same species. Then surely our first priority is to our own kind. Save the children, then save the chickens. Fair enough, it's a tragedy the whole business ever began, it stems from greed. But chickens are only one by-product of this. Humans suffer far worse even as we speak. Battery farming is unpleasant, it's true, but they lay the eggs, don't they? Until they stop, or we are in a position to help them, they'll continue to do so.'
'What is that supposed to mean?'
'That they are not dying, neither are they so emotionally or psychologically distraught that they can't lay eggs. They are truly maltreated, but less so than many thousand humans. It's a matter of priorities. Even you would rather see an egg eaten or chicken caged or killed than a child or baby murdered. Possibly that is Human vanity, who knows? To me, chickens are peripheral, at present, they come way down the list. First comes Humanity, the chickens will follow.'
'Take care of the Man and the chickens will look after themselves. You're a dreamer. Man doesn't desire change as you see it. Meanwhile chickens suffer unnecessarily. We may not be able to change the world, but we can at least abolish such blatant cruelty and exploitation.'
And so it dissolved, first things first versus little by little. He was aware of his own verbose bias, but still he had to admit that he had failed to convince. It was always the same, a moral stalemate leading to inaction, for who acts without cause? A similar feeling to that which he had felt when the bus had swept past him came over him, and he saw with relief that he had passed the time away up to tea break without even a single customer.
He had not slept well with Eleanor, he found it strange to share a bed with someone, especially a single bed, and the constant physical contact kept him in a half-sleep, where the slightest disturbance would wake him. Her hair against his chest, a draped leg, a starting car. He would have liked to have slept on the floor or on a couch, but it was impossible to so much as suggest it. Besides, he liked to think that he preferred her company despite the aching muscles and drowsiness it provoked the next day. He needed the assurance of sex and companionship; he had to feel that he was still capable of it. So, the rest of the day passed in a blur, customers and thoughts and time sequences smeared together, amorphous, leaving nothing.
Back in his flat he found everything interrupted his attempt to relax, to drift. His music, usually soothing, began to irritate; it too sounded smug and mechanical as it performed in perfect, noise-free stereo. He turned it off but then a new cacophony began - people walking past his window, the T.V. in the upstairs flat, the constant hum and whirr of the traffic, punctuated intermittently with a shout, a cat screaming, a falling metal object. Even if he managed to lose the sound for a few minutes, growing accustomed to its tick-tock similarity, objects would intrude. The geometry of the room and style of the furniture, the planless disarray of coffee cups and magazines, the static light. All this combined with his thoughts, as familiar and intrusive as his surroundings - pre-packed morals, clean-edged logic, syncopated emotions, monotonous ruts of memory. If it had only built up into a crescendo, a deafening, ear-splitting climax of unbearable pain, leading him to screw up his eyes, clutch at his ears and head and scream, or smash, or run. Anything. But it would never induce that height of passion, it was too insidious, too petty.
And there could be no escape, not even in sleep. For dreams are merely the loose, formless clouds of the mind, drawn from the same world, rising and falling, separating and re-grouping, of genius in construction, but built with the same stones, unable to supply anything totally new.  Dreams juggle with instinct and consciousness, thought and action, history and potential. They create accidentally, often surprisingly, but they can offer nothing totally fresh and new. And when the church bell across the floating meadow rings the pulse of the world awake, it is only a few dazed seconds before the alarm clock drags you back from drowning, painfully restores you to wakefulness, and your dream, like a ghost, flees in the light of day.  So it was that Richard eventually fell asleep, his mental discomfort echoed in his dreams. And the sounds and scents and temperatures of the night played their part too, like walk-on actors, affecting the play. There was no escape.



Sitting on the bus, feeling over-large crammed between the window and a young boy, like an adult on a children's ride at the funfair, he remembered his defeat by the other bus. Could it be the same one? It was unlikely. He wondered idly if he would have beaten this one had he been walking.  Unlikely again. Anyway, he reasoned, this time it would at least be a dead heat.
'It all began there' he said to himself vaguely, not really paying attention to his thoughts, simply allowing himself to be driven to the country, passively accepting the views, staring at the cars and people in the streets without seeing anything more specific than cars and people in the street: the detail was so overwhelming that it blurred into a mass, became generalised and unreal, like a dream.
He repeated the line again, and gradually became aware of what he was saying. At first he thought it was a song, or a poem, something he had read or heard or seen somewhere else. He momentarily lost its connection and saw it only as a disjointed sentence that his mind had refound on a whim. Then he remembered, the bus, the race, the defeat. Now the sentence took on its full significance; but could he say that it was true? Did it really start there? No, of course not, it started when he was born, before that even, before his parents were born, before Britain or Athens or Knossos, way back to early man. He started to lose his thread again, finding it virtually impossible to imagine Homo erectus forging the first notions of constitution or founding a centre of inter-communal trade.  But he knew what he meant. He meant that nothing ever began, it all flowed on, with time, each forward motion as complete, as irreparable, as unable of regression as a passing second. And the seconds make the hours, and so on to the present time, which passes as we speak, on into the future, though, paradoxically, always in the present. He had a word for it. Evolution. Under this banner he excused himself his past. Nonetheless something had started with that bus, a line of thought, an awareness of something which before had been too subtle, too obvious to notice. It had led to those chill days, to those uncomfortable hours at work, to those fitful dreams. But what was it? It was like a riddle, a mystery. The truth lay around him in chaotic puddles, but they were like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. Only it wasn't like that at all. There is no such thing as truth, or rather truth varies according to time and space and perception. He was really not looking for that sculpture-like word; he wanted something a million times less magnificent, a million times less obtainable. He wanted to understand his world and his part in it, and from this understanding to know what to do. It was his drifting inactivity that saddened him most, those endless passive bus rides to nowhere.
At the village he stood on the pavement and watched the bus recede like an officious duck, farting black diesel fumes as it went. He could hear it churning on through the country lanes long after it had disappeared from view. He shrugged and set off for the country, out of the village. Spring was getting itself ready for summer, growing and changing despite Man, breeding and preening and making music, or hunting and scavenging across the graphic landscape.
The shadow of Man's progress was upon the land, making a mockery of the chasing shadows of passing clouds. The net was spread effectively across field and vale and wooded hill, geometrical like a Picasso painting, enclosing all but the inedible or untrainable. The unfortunate cows, uncomplaining, pacing the safe but bordered field. The passive crops regimented and cosseted, standing firm before the coming Harvest, the mechanical blades. He came to a small ridge of new polished grass and sat down. It was damp but warm, and a brisk but soft breeze harassed the heavy insects, still sluggish after winter's death-like sleep. Before him spread the scarred contours of Britain, scratched with roads, pocked with villages and quarries, threatened by the darkness of the distant city which every year encroached a little more upon the subdued and hated land. He lay back, seeking solace in the perfect sky, trying to forget those reports of pollution in the atmosphere, turning his gaze away from a passing jet plane in an attempt to find something untouched by selfish, grasping hands. There was no escape.
It's insanity! This constant humanising of the entire planet. This hateful but pompously self-righteous degradation of anything non-human. Is there anywhere left untouched? They mine the sea-bed, they strew the cosmos with their egoistic metal trash, they shatter atoms to get at what's inside. It's maniacal. Not content with that they subdivide themselves into sexes and races and classes and political ideas, they torture and pose and mount each other symbolically with nuclear arms, pure terror. It's disgusting, depraved, and ultimately self-destructive. I hate them.
He checked himself. He was referring to his species after all, he carried some blame, be it only one six billionth. He waited, held his anger back and allowed the adrenaline to diffuse itself. He closed his eyes and tried to relax, to think of the sea dancing its slow tempo rhythms. When he felt calmer he began to piece the arguments together again, hoping to discover a connecting theme. 
Progress they usually call it, a euphemism for Human egoism. We call a motorway 'an advance', the discovery and invention of nuclear missiles 'an advancement on the road to truth'. Nation-states are labelled 'politically mature' and space flight is heralded as 'a great achievement'. Yet in juxtaposition you have the absurd situation where millions upon millions of people can't dismiss the authority of the Pope, still believe he is God's representative on earth. And people like myself unwittingly invest power in megalomaniacs and over-ambitious, history-conscious leaders, thereby creating something so vast and so omnipotent that these very leaders can and do send people like myself to war, be it over religion, territory, or simply inflated pride.
There's Eleanor fighting for feminism, blacks fighting against racialism, the working-class fighting against exploitation and snobbery, capitalists and communists fighting socialists. And me? Nothing. Like most people I just do my job of work, earn my daily bread and look around in confusion but comfort at a terrible, larger than life world.
Yes, yes, I know, we've come a long way. We live in enlightened times, with a Welfare State and a reasonable parliamentary system, with passable justice etc. Medicine, if still one-sided insomuch as it only keeps people alive yet doesn't control births, at least not enough, but then that's due to Religion as well in a lot of cases, that or bad education or lack of cash or corrupt Swiss firms selling dud or dangerous chemicals to under-developed (what a phrase, as if 'developed equals good'), to under-developed countries to make a fast few pounds or francs or whatever. Where was I? Oh yes. Medicine of course shines out, it has staved off countless painful deaths. All in all we've certainly achieved a lot, in the first world anyway. But after what? At what cost? Two world wars, fascists and totalitarians, two atomic bombings, God knows how many dead. An expensive price for this. He looked around him. This misguided sense of 'progress', this moralising but amoral age of greed.  And where does our Western wealth come from? It's based on the Industrial revolution, the machine age, leading to a consumer society, exploitation of less developed countries. And what is all this based on? On mineral wealth, on coal, iron, oil, plutonium. All exhaustible products, all false wealth, bubble economy. So we base a whole society on exhaustible goods, the population swells, the consumer goods made, sold and bought, and then what? Collapse? We are promised the new 'Technological Age', but surely that is based on the same false premise, it is a tributary of the Industrial age, supplying the same false economics, but this time without employment. No, the Industrial Age is dead; the western world is heading for a collapse. So they scrabble for oil or sea-bed mineral wealth, still ignorant of the fact that these can only be temporary measures, houses of straw. Frustration grows, recession and unemployment continue to nag, inevitably war looms closer.  And war in the twentieth century is world war, world nuclear war. The bubble will burst, and the Humpty Dumpty absurdity of modern politics and economics will be shattered for good, though what will happen to our host, the earth, and its inhabitants, I couldn't say.
Exhausted and bitter he closed his eyes. Around him were the sounds of Spring, occasionally prodded by the sounds of cars or church bells. Before his eyes the image of the world on fire appeared, and the flames were human flesh, licking and distorting in grotesque movements, sexual, vain, painful and sad. The inferno reached its crescendo, spurting human fire balls into space, writhing and twisting until it eventually ejaculated, leaving nothing but approaching cold and a black, charred earth.
Shaken, shaking, he stood up. He glanced guiltily around him, afraid of the censure of nature, fearing punishment. He headed back towards the village, staring at the road, not daring or desiring to look up at the trees or the light, playful clouds.
In the pub he ordered a beer and found a quiet corner where he could escape the inquisitive gaze of the locals. He recapped what he could remember of his thoughts and saw he was left with an impossible task. He had to fight for devolution of power, a decentralising of all power bases such as government, army, police force. To put power back into the hands of the individuals 'in reality', not in theory. And ecology, that poor non-starter, the abused politico-economic theory which spelt hope and sanity. And even then could people stop destroying their world? They destroy themselves through drugs and neglect, so why should they worry about their earth? If, by some miracle, all the world agreed with me and we changed the whole system so that there was one, ecological world, would Man be content?  Wouldn't he need an outlet for that restless mind, like me, something to do? Maybe there's no escaping human powers of reason.
He felt impotent, insignificant, and a little stupid, too.  It was so easy to point fingers and say 'that', but it took you nowhere. He felt no better for having listed the causes of his depression, instead he felt more hopeless than ever faced with its overwhelming totality. How does a child of the Modern Age escape that world?
He gave it up, his head ached and he felt he was going round and round in ever decreasing circles. He drank a couple more beers to muzzle his thoughts, and took the next bus back to the city, wondering why on earth he would get up Monday morning and go to work.


2


A high, mournful violin note, stirring him sluggishly in dark rolling deep, the billowing net curtain ... a summer breeze or a winter draught? The three-tiered rhythm of an alarm clock, sweating, a falling dusk, like rain, wondering what time? Fallout settles on dark, twilight leaves and leaves him dark and green and falling out of darkness into sweat, and music, strange electrical music which she loved so much, sitting on the sofa, one white leg tucked beneath her, the other playfully in front, half Buddha, at five to eight and summer morning calling me to wake; but, mother, I feel ill, look at me, I'm sweating, is it fever, mother? Hush, hush, it's only summer sex, body love and hair matted, glued among the ticklish grasses, and a tiny tune floating smell-like across the open lit field, from me to you, yeah yeah, more rhythm, more sweat, too much light, time lines plaiting into almost eight o'clock; I must get up, get up, awake and rise and face that silver pond of truth above the basin, unshaven like the dead, eyes sagging with the pain of a lost night's sleep. I slip and fall again into your white arms, white and clean as hotel sheets, holding me in peace, covering my eyes with your forgetful sense, scents, almond sharp sweetness in your subtropical grottos, armpits, crotch, navel, perversely dripping our two sweats into overhung ponds, hot shade, humid dusk. Yes, yes, yes, the drug is fading, patience, I can and will begin again, the effort now is rallying, clocking on from hidden cells, congregating into action, soon, soon, not yet, not now, now I lie with you again my love, lie in your anaesthetic clutch, like mother, soothing my fever, cooling my sweat with your sense, scents, your almond eyes, hazel, the kernel of my memory, as you evaporate in this too bright light too hot, cold morning light. Fare ye well, historical love, adieu, flee like a ghost with the coming light. Flee! Fly! Before ye turn to dust, my love, the daylight taps my window pane and I must rise, among the noise and music of this ancient brand new day. She's gone. So be it, we expect no more from this uplifted face of earth, turning slow, spinning into day from her far night journey across the million million souls that crawl and cry beneath this  temporary light dark world, like me; like me, stirring, rising, mammoth effort to all my limbs, breaking the surface of my visions into sharp, breath-catching morning bedroom, bedclothes draped in Roman style over hot, sticky flesh, cooling and steaming velvet horse flesh in the stable yard, an inturned thigh, crooked ankle in ugly horsewoman pose, farting horses and ducks and buses on country lanes, prance and fart above the sleek mythological loins of the horse you call 'Egmont Rouge', khaki jodhpurs, blue jeans like a slough, and I, Emperor of Rome, satiated by nymphs of sleep prepare to don the performance again, to the crowd who jostle and grin and call to me in rough intelligible voices, surging forward to pick up the lifeless jeans; like so. Hiding my frailty, my timidity, my humility behind these cotton walls, standing more erect, less vulnerable, shielded, encased; and ready for rituals of returning ghosts which loom like the drowned, floating face up in the swamps, casting their doubts at me as I prepare self-consciously under their parental gaze, cupping the mountain cold phenomenon with inadequate sleek pink chicken feet hands, diving into ice which crushes and splinters to the recesses of my inner chambers, flooding down through long drawn aisle and fretted vault the peeling anthem swells the note of praise, homework for tonight, a dull and lifeless stone church poem swollen and pealing, leaving distaste and curled brown greasy stains of leaves, of yellow pages, of headmaster's steel grey hair. Pass numbly to the kitchen, the attempted world of advertising, failing weakly in the virginal light, sadly, pathetically, pitifully not quite modern in its vinyl and enamel finish, apologetic, the ice-coffin refrigerator deserted, in its last lap towards a piece of waste ground and an unsuspecting child, the fly stuck in incredulous frenzy, held in the maniacal jaw of a Venus alien plant, carnivorous in your green peace slumber-fly, child, bottle of milk trap. Tea and toast and the taste of toothpaste, our brand, the family paste, inherited with the make of tea and the book of right and wrong, a greying moustache and angry unapproachable eyes to supersede the voice of a distant avoidable God, towering above me in terrible judgment, my unknown glands secreting fear in his gigantic, awful presence, the sharp red hallucinatory pain, the aftermath of guilt and hatred, crying in a too large bed with the walls against me and frost, Jack Frost, on the windows, laughing. A cloud of vapour pours from a metallic geyser while father, snoring beneath the Sunday paper, suffocating under the weight of his incredible age, skin yellow and hard as feet, nails of plastic, fragile now, unsure, impotent, dross in fear of the wind of death, too proud to cry out for pity, as confused as a memory, sitting quietly in the kitchen eating toast and drinking tea. Dad, we are separated only by a few thousand cups of morning tea, and when we finally dress you in wood and give away your things, re-adjust our house and lives, filling up the space, the warm seat of an armchair that you occupied through so many long and death filled afternoons, shall I drink from your cup, served still by mother, strangely alone, locked and distant in herself, mumbling nonsense to keep away the admonishments she doesn't need to hear? This tea is sickly, the milk is turning, the sun is shining, it's going to be a beautiful day, my dear, let's go for a walk and hold sweaty hands until it becomes unbearable, and act out our passions in a movie world we desire so much to exist, come, down past the cosmetics factory where the young boys smoke and flirt like absurd baboons and oil lies in dirty, unnoticed pools, collecting cigarette butts. To hell with work and air-conditioned niceties, cool cotton managerial shirts and proper print frocks, take my arm (may I call you Victoria?) and after the washing up I'll continue with you down the lush and laden lanes, past the gypsy camp (tread carefully! take care! They curse and kill and suck your eyes!), rinsed and fresh on the stainless steel draining board, water running down the runnels like the little stream we crossed as romantically as our clumsiness allowed, my eyes averted from your breast for fear that oily puddles of lust would stain your Spring joy. We didn't see the cow-pats, did we, my foolish love, or hear the transistor radio picking metallically across the blue and yellow genitals of plants that crowded in above our heads to watch us kiss among the hair and insects of a beautiful day like today, grabbing a jacket just in case, pocketing keys, turning slowly in search of forgotten items, and though I have to leave you, you knew I always would; I'd better be off. The door opens to the light and noise of Dunkley Street, blue-grey cigarette smoke light growing to yellow by the time I get to work, the door banging behind me, packing me off like  mother to unwillingly fend for myself among the wool jackets and brown leather shoes, the perfume and hairdoes of a puritanical work ethic. Monday, Monday, morning rush hour, speeding buses and a feeling of impotence, under the clouds of Hagley's neon sign with the non-functioning 'L' and towering, exclusive, powdered Mrs Colthorpe, turning the corner and a neat side-step to avoid the silly old bastard with nicotine skin, 'careful' to you too you silly old sod, God, how I hate these hateful little people! And remember, no matter what you do, promise me you'll try never to hate anybody, in that much I am a Christian. No, not hate, stopping at the kerb, but a growing misanthropy, a desire to cross at the green man and leave those shuffling apathetic souls to the mess of road signs that strew their asphalt lives and redirect mine along St Stephen's Row, past the symbolic dirty brown cigarette packet floating puddle outside Barclays Bank, the two-faced capitalist, racist bastards who offer the neat efficient banking service to plastic middle class jokes that idolise materialism and success and believe the plight of the Africans to be in good hands, watched by America and the UN Secretary General, Christians all in this day and age, it would never happen to us because we've got security at ten percent, if only they were prepared to work; to work, then, once again, a pigeon fluttering before me like a photograph, wings blurred as the hero crosses Red Square, a grey misty, melancholic hero with a lost love who had black hair and green eyes and spoke in a soft, difficult to place accent, Celtic perhaps, her fragile frame a trap, her power almost mystical, of sea and sky and seagulls, not fat fool city gent pigeons that explode into action only to fall like industrial waste onto the shifted flagstones of this pompous bestatued square, a testament to dullness, where birds and people strut like Egyptian court jesters, humouring the dead. Not hate, but a growing misanthropy.  Mum, dad, I'm not a Christian, you know that. I will not drudge in perverse silence for that pot of dull gold you fell for in your childhood, I'm twenty eight, I believe in the dead, I cannot not live my life for some overblown, egoistical, 'It's my plan' Father Christmas who would doubtless bank at Barclays anyway. Carbon monoxide and lead kill, they suffocate. Well, kill yourselves but leave me out of it!  Too many faces worrying along the newly paved path, throwing glances in polished, well-lit shop windows at the price tags of modern success, success in instalments with free fitting, a cold breeze from the football pitch that tenaciously clings on between the garages and warehouses and backsides of shops, swallowing the shit, the plastic bags and motor oil cans, the occasional shell of a car and a host of snakeskin Durex that smell of rubber, old men and inquisitive thirteen year old girls, a sweaty mixture of football, fun and fear, the last rag of land before Hag-ey's symmetrical aluminium disgrace. I live in a nightmare; I must wake up, pinch myself and gain my peace, sweating in the damp morning mauve light at the window, no danger without, heart beating skin cooling confidence creeping back like frightened children after a storm. One two three marble steps, through the open door, 'morning' to the cleaner, quickly out the back to the washroom, it's not so bad, only seven hours, think of Sir Barclay's black African cousins and you'll pass through easily enough, almost ten to nine, time for a coffee in a plastic cup, time to slip on the costume and go through the dress rehearsal one more time; will we ever get it right? Come on, come on, it has to be done, rub hands nervously and open the door, nobody about, up the carpeted stairway, 'morning' to Mrs Colthopre hiding behind her glasses and middle-age, into the staff canteen of loud and cheery voices and the smell of cigarettes and perfume. Action.  'Morning', you look so old and tired, why do you still work here, do you need the money so badly? 'Coffee, please.'  Do I need the money? The last figure was absurd, something near £34,OOO. 'Thanks.' In ten years, the measure of one third of my life, printed by a computer and popped through the letter box in a pre-paid envelope splashed with advertising, five small, meaningless numbers holding hands and singing my worth in a chorus of mathematical glee. Coffee like the mill pond where Mrs Simmonds, the newsagent's wife committed suicide, hurling her tear-stained life into the filth and dark brown stagnancy of the disused pond, two frightened boys, quivering at the edge of the lake, peering into the Hollywood mist that  I seem to remember existed like her ghost, suspended below the dark, damp, dripping trees that folded conspiratorially over her dead deep buried body, entombing her pain, keeping her dark, unnatural secret hidden for eternity, or until they drain it and build a car park or a cheap staff canteen that sells mud in plastic cups, and Mr Simmonds, uncomprehending, shuffles out the back of his disordered shop to make a cup of tea and read the newspaper that carried the news to every pair of gossiping lips, wishing he had her courage, her passion, instead of lumbago and a diminishing stock of years and Marlboros. 'Morning', stay there, I can't talk to you yet; thank God, I couldn't stand him and his sexual fantasies at this hour. Elephant trainers? Save it for the pub, I'm  having a nightmare, drowning in my coffee, draining the bitter cup to the last sip of determination and nine o'clock. 'Morning.' Let's get out of here, slowly standing up, nodding greetings to faces so old and familiar they seem unreal, accidentally washed up in his presence like faces in a dream, faces from who knows when or where?  Instinctively along the passages and up the staircases to the Furniture Department, his domain, the environment to which he was adapted, like a lion to the savannah, the typist to the machine - such geometrical speed, a perfect castle of systems - Richard to the Furniture Department, to the soft air-conditioned musacked atmosphere of his padded cell, his oily puddle, his dirty pool of brown water, his mill pond. Nobody here, a limbo stillness settling with the dust on top of the happy family furniture displays, kitchen tables awaiting  the magic wand of life, glossed and lovely among the pre-arranged three-piece suites and sexless, tasteful bedroom units, nobody here until at least ten o'clock when David, wide-tied, rat-eyed, blo-dried David, the other dimension in Hagley's sales drive psychology, Richard's devoted opposite, his schizophrenic salesman balance, would dart in like an American on a training scheme, manoeuvring  like a waiter through his ambitious day; fortunately he  was mostly out of store, pushing his mechanical Ford penis into the sloth and stupidity of central city traffic leaving me in this lunar, weightless world of middle people's domestic desires, smoothing out a work/sales sheet HFl3, dating, signing, respecting its pointless worth through forced habit, sitting at the tiny tin desk, feet stuffed uncomfortably underneath, watching the floor space revolve slowly like the surface of a planet, imperceptibly, an alien planetscape of soulless merchandise set in soft relief by hidden lights and subtle drapes, where strange, lost, unlikely astronauts land with looks of wonder, strolling quietly, respectfully along the avenues of lathe-turned table legs, stunned and overjoyed to find themselves in such a tasteful domestic paradise, stumbling across me, the sole  inhabitant, bartering, waving plastic cards like beads at a negro, head in hands, staring at the worksheet, that hateful HFl3, knowing that I can't go on forever in this absurd, smooth speaking, petrified, almost obscene mentally diseased studio: I can't. A cottager, unsuited, in the wrong place, Eleanor, Joan of Marble Arch, crashing against me, hoping to loosen my grip, my grip upon this bloody stupid HFl3 and its tin desk, encouraging me, helping me, thanks Eleanor, thanks for your harsh words and your strong muscular arse, seducing me with your  subjection, clinging to me in your sleep; thanks for all those comforting hours on that island bed with its silly down quilt that never stays on; thanks for those realistic morning breakfasts and your short, sharp 'go nows': I'll  miss you, are you sure you won't come? Two female heads appear above a chest of drawers, giggling, no buying power, stand up and ask brightly 'May I help you ladies?' No, I thought not, sit down again and ask myself 'come where?' Am I going somewhere? Only to another cup of mud at quarter past ten, to the toilet maybe, my flat, the garden, her schoolteacher bed, this fucking tin desk! I should have gone to University, resat my 'A' levels, taken a degree in Philosophy or something; but then what? Showing  students round the soft-lit teachings of ignorant feudalists or puritanical German nationalists? Selling Sartre in no deposit, two years to pay instalments? To sit at another tin desk in another pointless department, filling in forms and thinking about the time? No thanks, I'd rather be out in the air, digging or working for me, not for some huge 'concern', just me, minding my own business, master of my own life, abiding by the laws of nature only, keeping time by the light of day, wind on my forearm, sun on my neck, soft springy soil or a rocking boat beneath my feet, wiggling my toes in the nylon socks my Aunt July bought me, feeling the sweatiness these smart, Hagley insisted leather lace-up shoes create, polishing them every Sunday with my father supervising, mother teaching me to tie the laces and make a tie, so that, eventually, through trial and error and forced correction I  could tick-tock away my years bathed in artificial light, tapping a pencil, dreaming of a birth right I never had, more a child of plastic spoons and Y-fronts than peat, salt or bird calls, clear cold bird calls that punch holes of musical simplicity in the heady back-cloth sky of streaking nimbus dissolving into dark damp distant bogland, out on smug, artistic wings across the heaving demented sea, curling and rising with the wind, a perfect geometry of flight to adorn the serious landscape, a landscape of reality and sense, not this absurd, commercial joke that nobody laughs at except perhaps Mr Hagley himself whoever he is, or was, a portrait hung in a dull and lifeless boardroom where loyalty and service to cash is the key credential, a bevy of vacant, well-shaven, greying dignifiedly at the temples with fine gold-rimmed bespectacled heads, vying and lying and counting the cost of keeping me here, in the empty aquarium, breathing and speaking like a fish, like a moron, like a salesman. Look at this hateful watch and die of boredom as it tells the truth of quarter past nine and I can't believe the day will pass or that I'm a salesman or that I'm going to die when I never had the chance to live. Open a drawer that squeaks so loudly that I can see the other children's faces squirming as the blackboard duster scrapes down the pock-marked greenboard and the ragged teacher's tweed arm is sprayed with chalk gas, chalk spray, a pen top and a box of paperclips, nothing to read except HFl3, item, cost, discount, commission, HFl3, slam it closed and try the next, Friday's paper, dead and discarded, digested and excreted, the crossword half-finished, David's work, sharp, hurried writing, slanting in a propelling pencil style, merciless, showy, the writing hand of a competitive man thrusting and jabbing even when he's alone because he thinks someone will be watching him from afar and will be pleased and will give him a rise and a new company car and a wife and respect and a well kept neighbourhood of swept garages with tools in their proper place, fitted by Hagley's, kitchen, diner, master bedroom, all worked for, paid for, carved out of society's miserly grasp by his own swift eager alert propelling pencil, Mrs Colthorpe passing by and throwing an expensive dentist's grin at me which I nod casually into the wastepaper basket when she's gone.
I'll pray for their souls, these lost and deluded fools, I shall walk off into the raindance, the rainsong, the fresh and enlightened rain, and I shall hope for them and mourn them, for like me now, they are not alive, we are not alive, not dead yet, but dormant, huge and silent as volcanoes: I shall erupt! Yes, crashing through the guttered roof like a torrent of molten stone, burning scalding, hissing into life! Throw the paper in the bin and stop the volcano nonsense, it won't be like that, it will be a sordid, clinging, sticky-eyed birth, placenta torn and dripping with the blood of memory and upbringing, one foot on the tarmac and one on the grass verge, staggering on weak legs, half-closed eyes oozing; a slow, tacky, ugly dawn -  there will be no volcano. Slump, relax all the muscles, think of the work ahead and sigh, I know, I know, I know. The hum of the air-conditioning, a vaguer rumbling and tooting of High Street traffic, a touch of back ache, numbness in my arse, I wonder what the weather's like outside, is the sun still shining? Here comes the sun, drumming the beat on the toneless tin table top, dadndeeda, here comes the sun and I say, it's not alright, dadadndeeda dndedadndada dadada, little darlin', I feel my back is almost breakin', I should sit up straight, like this, shuffling and dragging this apathetic body into a perfect, ridiculous, more painful posture, dndadada, like a Victorian at tea, why is it the things that are good for us are so often ridiculous or dull? Abstinence and vegetables, exercise and carriage? Here comes the sun; not here, it can't penetrate into this electric pool, this neon lake where all my submarine friends are gliding gracefully past, French polished, sunless, bloated creatures, vaguely surrealistic beneath their substitute suns, floating, drifting, denying their inertia, betraying all laws rising and falling and tumbling in plant-like slow motion amid the particles of dust that  turn and revolve like fragments of crystallised air, glass dust, continually settling like chalk dust from a tweed arm, dusting me. Dust, dost, dussed. I can't sit down any longer, let's stretch a bit, take an inspection tour around my wall-less house. My world of domestic perfection where everybody smiles through precision-tooled teeth at their clean and healthy relationships, kissing mummy, helping daddy, loving my younger sister with text book devotion, smiling and laughing and feeling loved in my glossy new mod-cons maisonette in advert-land, consumerised Eden, cheque card paradise. Good morning bedroom cabinet, how goes it, coffee table? Coffee table of round smoked glass, like a cup of coffee, or another pond, reflecting the lid of my box, Jack, reflecting the lid of my box. On through the frozen jungle once more, left at the kitchen display, straight on down the avenue of period chairs, lions feet and powder, wigs and pox, cake and absurdity, ugly as old women's legs, as redundant as joy. Goes on, and the beat goes on, through the centuries, years spinning, leaves of a calendar peeling, headlines  evolving through the movie-mist, past the graves of human conceit and insignificance, decade after decade of decayed hope and buried lessons, fast, chaotic train music, climbing with tinny difficulty to a fat masturbator's sickly tasting orgasm, crashing cymbals, whore violins, grinning talentless cacophonies of Now orchestration, gradually fading, an image appearing through the idiocy of the passing ages, fading in to me, this little box, focusing on Jack. Hi! This world's too small for both of us, kid, go for your gun. Rattle my keys against my thigh, metal and cloth, hair and skin. A thigh that has no desire to don the blue jeans image and sport a loaded denunciation of humanity. My se1f-defence lies in my not succumbing to such hatred, fighting sickness with sickness, matching warhead for warhead. My life is not a film, or an advert, or a game, or a war. It is ... it is lost among the soft furnishing of Hagley's. Pad back to the desk, not long now until tea break, or coffee break, an interlude between scenes. Back at the desk, what can I think about?  Something worthwhile, something with lean pieces of succulent flesh clinging to its bone. Chickens? Ha, no, not that again, let them peck out their limbo lives in peace, and please, no children today, I couldn't stand that topic again, not this early (swollen bellies and flies again). No, not now. OK, you want a topic? You want something to think about? What are you going to do about this wooden life of yours, Pinocchio? When's the fairy going to float in on those self-same violins and make your dreams come true? There are a million stars to wish upon if you believe in fairies, Richard. You don't. Then tell me, what are you going to do? What time is it, five past, fantastic, and no David yet either, what am I going to do? Don't harass me, it's early, we mustn't rush these things, ten years of pacing the Furniture Department, we mustn't rush these things, a whole decade of not rushing things, I can't think if you hassle me, or act, or make any decision under stress, rather drift through the next ten years, taking my time, not being badgered into action, having peace and tranquillity to ponder it until my death when they'll polish my box, put new pennies on Jack's eyes and file me away under F for furniture and futility. Wake up, man! Think about it, go over the possibilities, are you afraid of that world outside you hardly know? Enough, it's tea-break, standing up, my face set in a strange new mask, ten more years, more thousands of pounds, more HFl3s and long idle mornings. One more cup of tea nearer you, dad, one more penny in the fountain, it can't go on, I can't go on, this world ain't big enough for both of us, two at a time up the softened stairs, before the year's out, through the door into the coffee room, is that a promise? Blood pumping through this old heart of mine, adrenaline on full alert, something stirring, pushing, beginning to kick, 'coffee please', is that a promise? Don't rush me, 'thanks', come on now, you sat across the room and asked me if the relationship was over and I said nothing, pounding the yes, yes, yes deeper down into my coward's stomach, and you said 'yes', and I fumbled and mumbled and felt something snap between us, your hands on the scissors, mine strapped to my sides in impotence and failure as I sit down at a vacant table and you ask me again, 'Well, is it a promise?' and I say yes, yes, yes, but say nothing as the fear seeps into my guts and my fingers twitch around the scalding plastic cup of mill pond coffee, and you stand up now, angry, defiant, enraged by all the sloth and weakness of our bitter relationship and cry Richard! Promise! For Fuck's Sake Promise! But what, what? Before the year's out, man! Promise? Yes, damn you, or die alone in your man-made hell, and looking up nervously as Mrs Colthorpe asks to sit at my table and I say cheering, urging, the significance is pounding my soft and fleshy mind and I say (feel the weakness ooze, the fear scream in pain) and I say, 'Yes'. She sits, it's final, it's over; I have promised. And calmly, surprisingly, unexpectedly calmly, I say 'Yes, certainly. How are you Mrs Colthorpe?', and slip the scissors back into my pocket.


3


Rain, rain falling in fine billowing sheets of muslin, moulded by the wind, forming Arabic dances of sensual silk, caressing, joyful, greeting. He shifted the weight of his pack as a playful lash of wind scattered liquid diamonds across his eyes which turned cold as ice and ran into his hair and beard or seeped trudged with difficulty in his huge green wellingtons, made silent by the attack of the weather. Richard watched his arse waddle as he stomped over the stones and grass that constituted the 'road' to the cottage, and he thought of the bus and the diesel and wondered if the farmer would fart soon, and if he did would it be a visible dark cloud of foul gas? The vast panorama of sea and hills was closed, fenced in by the mists of rain which fell almost silently, almost with intent, continuing some strange long-forgotten ritual which only the land knew of, whispered it in breezes to the trees and birds, communicated it to the murmuring sea, but secretly. The farmer tripped on a stone and throttled a curse deep in his raw throat. He was a country man, as rough as rock, a man who rolled his round life between the mystery of sea, sun, death and shit - a man bemused before the soiled roots of life, aware of something greater than he, and content to let it lie undiscovered among the heather and sound of his territory.
Rain. Cascading across the open fields, along the winding lanes and into the half-land of the suburbs, glossing the felt roofs of garden sheds, crystallising neat flowers and stringing clothes-lines with iridescent beads of glass. Catching up the cigarette butts and sweets papers, rivuleting along the cracks in pavements, smearing smooth glass windows which appear to melt and cry, and the faces behind each closed casement appear pallid, sallow, weary with a sweet sadness that dreams of yesteryear, of steaming classroom radiators when the rain laughed, before whenever it was that you stopped being able to laugh so freely, before the rain became a lament, and wept.
He clambered over the wooden fence and side-stepped a puddle full of growing rings. The rain was pushing harder now as if it intended to attain a climax, a crescendo of congratulatory tears. 
'Over this next hill,'
said the farmer, a little breathlessly. Richard didn't reply, he knew exactly where it was, he had been there twice before.  The farmer increased his difficult pace, hurrying on under the threat of a cloud burst that would drench him and ruin his afternoon. Richard followed the farmer in silence, keeping pace with the tempo of the rain.
And so he had finally arrived, the last sodden steps of a difficult clambering road of false turnings and hot guilty mistakes, a road that had begun ... where? In the canteen? Later, thunder struck and lightening before the living sea? The last futile, pathetic oh-so-wrong scenes with Eleanor? The day in the country pinned upon that well-mapped grid of land? Or before? Back to that initial bright damp defeat, that petrol-blue suggestion that the winter would never disappear, would always snag somewhere, perhaps on the fingertips or memory, the liver or hope - but sure to snag, as insipid and unavoidable as human hatred.
And now, coming into view, focusing, the end of that progression nears, and he prays to something out there (God? Sea? Rain?) that it was the right road, that it would end in a triumph of spirit, an understanding, an insight, and not simply be one man's mistake, a side road, a short-cut to nothing more than loneliness, cold, nothingness.
They concluded their agreement and the farmer took his leave. The cottage, or rather comfortable hut, squatted defiantly among the huge, pre-human rocks that constituted the promontory, a finger of land thrust into the passion of the sea, at times trembling under the force of a liquid storm, but determined, resolute. Inside it was dark and damp like a raincloud, two small square windows giving the only thin light; one the light of the land, the other of the sea. So it crouched, its shoulders hunched against the cruel weather, caught between two mighty hands which at any second could clap shut, like a venus fly-trap, or a discarded fridge. Richard hung his greatcoat on a nail and started to prepare the fire.



He pushed his plate away from him approvingly and wiped his lips with the back of his hand.
'He's a strange one, that one, mum,'
 he said in a raw voice, like gravel or animal flesh.
'Who? That Richard?'
answered his wife, approaching him with huge mother's bosoms and a cup of tea. He continued. 
'Oh, I suppose he's probably harmless, but I do say it's a bid odd, a full grown man wanting to hide himself away like a crab, especially in this day and age. I mean, you'd hardly expect to come across an 'ermit nowadays, would you?'
'In India, maybe. They say they do all sorts of strange things in India, like sitting on poles for year after year, or swallowing yards of muslin to clean out their intestines.'
He looked at her quizzically but affectionately, at her round balloon face that so easily smiled. He sipped his tea and she added, 
'but you're right, it's a bit odd having one just round the corner, so to speak ... in our own back-yard you might say.'
'What do you reckon he's up to, then, mum? Maybe he's running away from somebody. The law maybe?'
'Lord, no. Him? No, he's running from himself, that one. It's plain as day. No, he's no criminal, but he's a loner, I think, that's all. Perhaps when he comes to see us, when he needs some things, we can invite him to tea and bring him out of himself a bit. You know, a bit of company. 
'I don't think he wants to come to the farmhouse at all. That's what's so odd. I mean there's getting away from it and getting away from it.'
They paused for a while, in no hurry to finish the conversation. They drank their tea silently for a while until the farmer continued.
'You see, today, when I finally got him settled in that old hut, I said 'if you need anything at all, just pop up to the house and ask, either me or the misses or one of the kids'll be there', and he said that he'd rather not bother us, and I said 'Oh, it's not any bother at all' and he said 'I'd rather not', but like he really meant it, as if he were afraid of us or something. So I said 'Well, you'll need some things though, won't you? Bread, candles, the sort of things you can't make for yourself'. I said 'It'll be some time before you settle in, there'll be a million things you'll need.' 'That's probably very true' he said, 'I'm sure we can come to an arrangement', and he went on and asked if he could collect whatever he needed from the old shepherd's hut down by the old goat-run, and he'd leave notes as to what he wanted. I thought it was all very strange but he seemed to insist on it a bit, and well, it don't bother me, it's just that I say it's all a bit odd in this day and age, even if it is money in the bank. Still,'
 he concluded, again wiping his lips, 
'live and let live, eh?'
His wife thought for a few seconds and added 
'Perhaps we'll see more of him when he's tired of being all on his own. It don't do anybody any good to be alone all day, and I'm sure he'll tire of it 'fore long, you wait and see. I must admit, though, you're right, he must be a strange one to want to sacrifice himself like that, like one of them old saints.'
He patted her on the arm, rose, and said
'Well, I've work to do.'
'So've I,'
she replied, and they set about their respective chores in a slow, contented, middle-aged way that tastes of fresh green peas and feels like hot bread clutched against the stomach, a life and attitude that smells of warm, early morning beds and sounds like the laughter of a sister; mercifully safe.



Living in the shadows. The shadows of huge imperturbable rain clouds, of gaunt featured rocks, of his ill-illumined cottage. Outside always a darkness, under stones and amongst the grasses, drifting moodily over the valley, or murmuring in the deathlike depths of the ocean. Like the damp, it pervaded.
David shook the last few drops of urine from his penis and zipped himself up. He always pissed quickly and efficiently because he felt a little exposed to danger with his back to the room and his penis uncontrollable in his hand. He glanced guiltily (why?) at Mick Gubbins, Richard's young replacement, before moving to the mirror.
He took out a comb and resettled his hair. He was training it to flick back off his face and run in smooth lines along the side of his head: it needed constant attention. Mick Gubbins stared above him at the stainless steel rail which demarked the edge of the tiles and the beginning of the painted wall, aware too of vulnerability, feeling awkward at being nervous in David's presence. To ease the situation he forced himself to ask, 
'So what happened to this other bloke, then?'
He dismissed another wave of uneasiness at his use of language, he knew he was being deliberately ungraceful with it, but he saw it as necessary, a social obligation.
David flicked some water onto his hair and combed thoughtfully. He didn't much like this Mick Gubbins, he was nervous and inexperienced and losing himself in trying to please. He didn't much like Richard either, but at least he hadn't kept pretending all the time. He felt a sudden desire to defend Richard.
'He went off to live on his own up north somewhere. He's doing some self-sufficiency thing.'
Mick was at a loss what to say. Did David agree or disagree with the move? Self-sufficiency, that's OK, but to live on your own? He decided, unconsciously, to be diplomatic.
'A lot of people doing that kind of thing these days.'
Oh well, I'm stuck with him now, maybe for years to come. I might as well just be myself. He means nothing to me, after all. He straightened his clothing, ran his hand deliberately over his balls as he tucked in his shirt, (except it was so habitual, so mechanical that he would never have noticed) and faced Mick who was struggling with his fly-buttons.
'Well if you want my opinion, it's not natural, mate. To just push off on your own and live like a bloody hermit all on your own, stuck up there in the cold with nobody to talk to, nobody to see, nobody to even fuck with! Self-sufficiency, all right. But solitary confinement? He's a freak, he wants to punish himself I reckon.'
Mick was content to listen. While David talked he was under no pressure to speak himself. He nodded and raised his eyebrows appropriately and meanwhile washed his hands.  He was only listening to the story because David was speaking. He had never known Richard, he didn't particularly want to. After all, it didn't really matter much to anybody. It was just another biography. David expanded.
'Mind you, I don't suppose he could have got someone to go with him anyway. He didn't seem to have any friends, any mates. There were a few birds, dogs mostly, or students, but he was always sullen and silent, a miserable git most of the time. Look, I don't mind if a bloke's quiet, I'm not saying that, (how easy to speak to somebody who isn't involved, )we're all mime artists at some time or other, (I'll remember that, that's good) no, I don't say that, but what I do say is that if you've got troubles, leave them at home. God, if everybody went round moaning or sulking what a miserable world it would be.'
He was enjoying himself. This Mick Gubbins isn't so bad, at least he's an eager listener. He rested his arse on the rim of the basin and warmed to his topic. Mick settled down to listen, he couldn't go even if he wanted to. 
'Everybody's got troubles. Look at me, do I ever complain?  No. But if you knew ...'
he shook his head as if to say that he couldn't, shouldn't, burden Mick's young ears with his woes.
' Anyway, I think he's running away. It's because he's basically weak. To succeed in this world you've got to get the bastards before they get you. It's a war, mate, and the only losers are those that don't learn fast enough. Richard couldn't handle it, or didn't want to, but it amounts to the same thing. You've got to say 'what does a man want?', and when you've done that, you've got to get up off your arse and get it. Yeah, you have to push, you have to bow your head and all that. But if you don't, you've had it, mate. It'll be council house and dole queue, waiting lists and lumbago. Not for me, mate.  They ain't fucking getting me!' 
He nodded conclusively, high on his self-expression.
'Too right. Survival of the fittest, '
commented Mick, now sure of his ground.
'Exactly! '
He slapped his hands and smiled. 
'Well, let's get back to the Jungle, Jane.'
Mick didn't know whether to smile or be offended. He smiled.



But for these clear, suspended days, the light booming and echoing in the cavern of the sea and sky, bright limpid days of hope and growth. But for these.
He lowered himself uncomfortably onto the toilet seat. His bowels began to shift soggily and he held his breath. He was used to it by now, but still it would be painful, a persistent, nagging, tiresome pain which never grew better or worse. Illness degrades a man. There is no poetry in haemorrhoids, no beauty in pain. He thought of how absurd pain was, how it laboured the point like a tedious child, how it reduced you to the common denominator of your existence; flesh and nerves. He stared at the tiled floor and noticed, after a wave of distasteful action, a solitary ant wandering amongst the mosaic designs. It was hopelessly lost. It would roam around, stopping, raising its antennae, seemingly smelling and looking around, and then continue: it went round in circles. For a split second he thought of killing it, but as the pain trickled back into his consciousness so his sympathy returned. Lost in the huge unnatural world of the bathroom, probably hungry and miles from home, it vaguely reminded him of his son, Richard. The thought process was submerged in the foul-smelling bodily function he was stoically performing.
Washing his hands a memory floated up from the quiet pool of his past. They would simply appear like that, from nowhere in particular; perhaps they had a will of their own. The man, a huge, shabby, sun-tanned man with thick black hair, was raising his arm to whip the child with a dog lead. It was in a park near the station, a few pigeons at the terrified child's feet. They flew off at the first unbelievable lash, bursting into action like my anger. Violence, a potent seed that blooms into grotesque distorted flowers. He stopped as a woman screamed, and I felt the disappointment throb in my veins: I had wanted to destroy him. He dried his hands. A long time ago now. Now, this comfort, the settling dust of old age.
His wife was sitting in the front room reading a newspaper.  Yes, it was all very comfortable now, after the long years, through the dark damp tunnel of middle-age into virtual middle-class. A world with reduced fear. I know now that's all I want, to be rid of fear. Fear of fear, fear of becoming something I reject, fear of having to live with shadows for a roof. I'm lucky. I perform my highwire act with a safety net of pensions and NHS, co-operative funerals and life assurance. Of course there's the illness, the eventual death, probably the autumn of isolation. But there is a comfort, too, a security. I now only fear myself or the night streets. A naked man, a lost ant, Richard. He shook his head slowly. He thought he could understand him, but believed he was making a mistake.  He had talked about it to his wife, they had agreed, they would not raise the topic willingly again. Richard had gone, gone to make himself suffer in a world they had eventually avoided. So be it, it was irreversible. Born to comfort and security he wanted to experience the terror of the world. Fine. At least he had chosen to do it alone, thereby avoiding his main enemy. But he'll fail, the world is too small nowadays. Everybody needs a net.  Simple law of gravity: break your fall or break your bones. He looked at his wife. She had said 'at least he's a good boy; he'd never do anybody any harm'. It was true of course but, although I'd never say it, that won't save him. Deep down, perhaps at the centre of my decomposing guts, I smell that life is amoral. My good woman, I hope I die before you.



The silence gradually became oppressive. After the years of exposure to noise pollution he had believed that he loved silence, that it was a treasure or a gift from another age. He had longed for the mute evenings that his solitary holidays brought-dumb among the deep hills. In a world of total comfort even pain is welcome.
But he could not have foreseen this heavy, dark, brooding, total silence. It was not, of course, pure silence. The sea and wind and bird-calls comprised a constant background, there was his breathing and the crack of burning driftwood. But it was silence, human silence.
He didn't notice at first, caught in his hand-spun web of work. There had been so much to do in so little time. The kitchen-garden, the boat, the arranging of provisions, and, perhaps most tiring and irksome of all, the financial dealings, the endless tax-forms and letters from the bank, a seemingly endless avalanche of paperwork. He was not to forget that he was a citizen, that his name and number had been noted down and stored. He could never escape his fact of life.
The difficult times began to ease as he quickly adapted to his new life. He was a large, smooth moving man, created for a life of effortless labour, and he soon mastered his new environment. Fetching water, rowing, cooking, feeding the chickens, or occasionally collecting birds' eggs, he found that after a few irritating and messy attempts he was able to perform all his tasks with surprising simplicity and agility. After all, wasn't he born to this indirectly? Like an addict he hadn't noticed the build-up of the drug.  Silence entered him in small doses, gradually filling him until its presence could be almost physically felt. He couldn't allow himself to talk, that was too acquainted with the insane, but he could swear if things went wrong, or shout an exclamation of triumph when he netted a lobster (he couldn't bring himself to kill them, he exchanged them for bread with the farmer. Side-stepping guilt). But most of all he could sing. Fishing or searching for driftwood, repairing the boat or simply sitting by the fire at night he could sing, softly, sweetly, loudly, madly, songs of love and pain and stupidity and humour, humming when he forgot or never knew the words, tapping his hands on the table or keeping time with his oars, singing out of necessity and fear. Fear of the silence which crushes a man. Fear of the muteness that tells you that you are alone, unhearing and unheard.



'I hope he finds what he's looking for.'
'What is he looking for?'
'What we all are, I suppose, a few threads, a handful of common denominators, something to make it all a little easier to accept.'
'He's going the wrong way about it, then. The answers, if there are any, lie with us, with people. He's just getting off the track by living alone like that. Getting cold.'
'Maybe. But maybe he thinks there's more to it than just humanity. Maybe he's right, maybe it's necessary to make a contact with nature again, like reassessing the situation.  Perhaps we are too removed from it all.'
'It's possible, but I'm not convinced either that we are out-of-touch with our roots or that even if we are it's a bad thing.'
'It's not a question of good or bad, I don't think, not for him anyway. It's more a question of understanding. He's confused, he doesn't understand a city. To him it's like a cancer.'
'And he's looking for a cure. Or rather, he's pretending that the disease doesn't exist. He's simply run off to hide, hasn't he?'
'I don't think so, I don't think he's forgotten that he was born in a large town or that he spent ten years working in a city. It's too ingrained, maybe even goes too deep for him to be able to survive out there. But I doubt it. No, I don't think he's running way. Rather I think he's searching for something and he thinks he'll find it there, alone.'
'That's another thing, why alone? I believe that if there is anything to understand, if you must ask and then answer 'why?', then you have to live among people. Isolation can solve nothing. After all, humanity is a group thing."
'That's fine if you are sure of yourself, or if you feel capable of communicating, but Richard's not like that, he's confused and a loner. He was always uneasy in company, even with me in some ways, I never seemed to get through to him.'
'I am a rock, I am an island.'
'More or less. He feels it will decide something. At least he made the attempt, I quite admire him.'
'Did he ask you to go with him?'
'No. He knew I wouldn't, and he knew he shouldn't, too. It was alone or not at all.'
'Why? Is he incapable of love?'
'No. No, it's just that he can't understand how beauty and filth can coexist. Love and torture were two opposites he couldn't reconcile.'
'Do you think he'll stick it out?'
'I know he will. Either until he feels able to return, or never. He's doing it for a reason, he won't finish until he's resolved his purpose.'
'Do you miss him?'
(Pause)
'I wish him the best, nothing but the best.'


4

The lighthouse stuck to its 1.1.4 rhythm, the searching eyes of light scowling and winking across the rough land and strong sea, silently warning. On cool star-lit high-heavened evenings, twirling its gown of light gaily, rhythmically, 1.1.4 or through the light opaque mist, solemnly revolving in mysterious foreboding. Its light chased shadows across the cottage walls, shadows which shattered and darted and fled in confusion, only to re-group immediately and hide between the cracks and corners of the cold stone. He knew it was always there, irritating or comforting, insistently spinning, 1.1.4, 1.1.4, 1.1.4.
He sat on a rock on the shoreline, the last tired waves swirling at its base, desperately trying to cling to something but always being dragged back, sucked under, leaving the faintest trace of claw marks in the golden sand. Out on Heron Point the lighthouse had begun its nightly dance, and the rhythm seemed to influence the movement of the waves, as if it were the conductor of some ancient orchestra, an intelligible symphony. Somewhere beyond the thick band of clouds the sun was setting, dropping unseen into the drowned ocean, while behind him the night whispered in conspiracy of darkness.
He was tired and approaching the end of his day. His legs hung motionless over the rock and his body was slumped, as heavy as guilt. He was too fatigued to shift his uncomfortable position. Behind him, in the dry sand, was a pile of driftwood he had just collected. To carry it back and prepare the fire for the night would be his last chore, at least the last one before midnight, when he would have to refuel the fire - no matter how he tried he couldn't make it last all night. And they were long, long nights, too long even for his weariness. He found himself unable to sleep for more than six or seven hours at most, and towards dawn he would feel wide awake and ready to work. But the cold, the dark, the isolation didn't encourage him to get up, and instead he would lie in his bed, sheltering in the heavy heat of his blankets thinking, remembering and planning.
Tonight though he was exceptionally tired and looking forward to sleeping until daybreak. The reason was that he had been repairing the roof of his cottage, replacing broken tiles and water-proofing with thick tar. He had enjoyed it though it had taken longer than he had expected, and now he had a pleasant feeling of completion settling in his limbs.
Opposite Heron Point, on the right of the bay, the seagulls were squabbling over land rights on the stacks that stepped into the sea, rising and screeching in puffs of white activity, resettling like dust or flecks of snow. The sea was between tides and as calm as the Mediterranean, the colour and texture of mother of pearl. The clouds were deepening, becoming a rich, nightly violet, quietly snuffing the light.
He waited until the waves receded a little then sluggishly pushed himself to the ground. He trudged over to where his pile of fuel lay, picked it up roughly and set it under his arm, then walked back through the gaunt rocks to his home.  Inside the light from the fire was either playing or fighting with the shadows in the cottage, flickering in endlessly changing patterns on the walls and across the surfaces of the wooden furniture. He put the wood near the fire and lit a candle which shivered uncontrollably in the wind which always accompanied night. He closed the door and draped a blanket across it to block the draughts.
There was virtually nothing in the hut that wasn't essential, or at least functional. There was a bed, a table, and a chair, a candle, some kitchen objects and his fishing tackle. There were also jars of chicken feed and some wire meshing by the sink, and a small box of tools.  All these things he could justify as necessary to his existence. But when it came to luxuries, even small, pathetic ones like a razor blade or some writing paper, he found himself in a moral argument he was usually unable to solve. It was at these moments when all his doubts and confusions came out, and he understood his inability to see clearly, to draw lines. He remembered, for example, his internal battle over books. Could he, should he, allow himself something as superfluous, as consumerised, as mechanised as a paperback novel? He thought of all the middle-class conformists who had contrived it, of all the petty, grubby, money-based fingers that had handled it, and recoiled. He tried to think of it having some use, and failed. For a long time he denied himself anything to read. Then it occurred to him that he himself might write something, a diary perhaps, and that it might possibly be of use to somebody else who wanted to search for something.  Then he became confused again, lost in his own causes, fighting for a clear line of vision. Eventually, he resolved to buy books that could be called 'literature', or 'art', at least something that was more than just another story. For almost two weeks he waited for the farmer to bring him the books (he would never be able to allow himself to leave his cove now, he knew that), but when they eventually arrived they seemed to be about a different world, a world of crystal and air that hardly existed, hardly contained even a suggestion of reality. They seemed to be written either by hypnotists or the hypnotised, and no matter how he tried to interpret them they had no significance in the face of Heron Point, where never a heron was seen, or the flights and fights of the gulls, the peace and power of the sea. He finally burnt them page by page, noticing the beauty of the tortured print as they faded to ash, died, and rose lightly in the fiery arms of flames.
He banked the fire, stripped naked and stood in front of the hearth, allowing the heat and fatigue to mingle, melt and fuse into a sensation of numbness. In the half-light it didn't matter that his hair was greasy, that there was dirt in his fingernails, that there was a band of white scum around his penis. Instead his skin seemed to glow, almost to be made of wax, softening in the firelight. He ran his hands over his chest, his stomach, down to his groin. For a second he held his hand lightly around his genitals, closed his eyes and swayed a little. Somewhere in his tired thoughts a summer day was approaching, open doors to oily heat, as yellow and viscous as honey. Past the gypsy camp and over the brook to that field so long ago it seems improbable it ever happened. The sea rolled in to shore and lapped around the rocks as day succeeded to night, town night, cars swishing past the lamp-lit dormer window, the television packed and left, and the sureness of her oceanic calm, kissing me, lapping me, releasing me. It was a constant torment, the enforced celibacy; it was a tragic side-effect of his decision. And all around the world procreated, spawning and leafing and perpetually dawning, sex in bright, unselfconscious daylight, honest and innocent, an ugly, guttural scream which at times would fill the air with its purity, its truth. Yet here, between the walls, under the blankets, it became a sticky guilty affair, seamed with parental scorn and social disgrace.
And in moments of doubt, when his cynic forced him to explain his actions, rejustify his every mental step, it was this that remained unresolved. And again tonight.
Daybreak arrived without fuss, light growing as imperceptibly as hatred, rousing the cove to life. Despite the glowing embers of the fire the room was damp and chilly, and his clothes felt disgusting against his warm smooth flesh. He re-arranged the fire, raising it to flame, and warmed himself a little. He was wide awake without a trace of sleepiness or dreaminess, about to begin another day of ensuring his survival. After he had warmed up a little he washed his hands and face in a pitcher he kept under the sink, then set off for the spring with his goatskin.
He left the cottage and climbed up the hill which led away from the sea. At first it was difficult, the ground being sandy and unfirm, but after a while it gave way to a well-worn path through thistles and gorse bushes, gradually twisting over the hill out of sight of the sea. The spring was small but forceful, issuing out of a large rock and half obscured by bracken and ferns, twisting and plaiting in diamond strands. He filled the goatskin. Before going back to the cottage he would cross over a few more hills and check to see if the farmer had left his bread and milk, things which he paid for when and how he could, possibly with crabs or lobsters or possibly the odd chicken. He rarely met the farmer, they kept a kind of receipt book/order book in the old shepherd's hut, and they mostly communicated through that. On the rare occasions when they did come across each other they would both feel extremely ill at ease, say little, and depart quickly. There were other people too from time to time, once or twice the farmer's wife, some children, nearby fishermen or shepherds, and even some hill walkers from the cities, but they were easy enough to avoid and anyway, it wasn't really human contact he was hoping to escape from, merely humanity.
The key to the hut was kept under a rusty lump of metal about ten yards away, although there was never anything worth stealing except perhaps the milk and bread and the occasional tool. Inside it was gloomy and damp with the faintest of light filtering through a grille at the back just below the ceiling. To one side lay a large tin box, the provisions would be inside. He opened the box and took out the bread and milk, and noticed a little package extra wrapped in a serviette. Surprised he opened it to find a piece of birthday cake, pink icing and filling, and a little note saying 'our little girl Tracy thought you might like to try her birthday cake, she made it herself.' He smiled and looked again at the piece of cake. How out of place it seemed in his dirty hand, in the gloom of the old hut, delicate and pink and sweet, made by a child for no other reason than that it was her birthday. Suddenly it struck him as fine, very fine, that Tracy, whoever she may be, should celebrate the day of her birth, and like that, creating something beautiful and sweet to brighten a stranger's day. Carefully he wrapped it up and put it in his pocket. He picked up his provisions and locked the hut, remembering to replace the key under the metal, then returned to his cottage.
Walking back everything seemed to be just right. There was an uncontainable joy in his heart, directly linked to the cake, and it overflowed into all he could see around him. He felt as if he were composed of all the elements that surrounded him, of air and water, salt and fire, earth and wind, his limits he felt to be the limits of the universe, and unconsciously he raised his eyes to the clouds, across the hills, out towards the vast ocean. And he knew in a sense that he was created of those things, that without them he would not exist, that perhaps without him the material world would find no expression. It was a huge, grand feeling that knew no obstacles, could encompass all, and he owed it all to Tracy and the day of her birth. Breakfast of boiled eggs, bread, milk, and of course half the pink cake (the other half for supper). It had been so long since he had tasted anything as luxuriously sweet, and it tasted almost absurdly good. As he went about the rest of his morning's work, feeding the chickens and collecting their eggs, checking the vegetable patch and the lobster pots, he felt warm and happy and, somehow, right. It was as if only the justified could ever feel such natural joy.
He decided while dragging his boat up the shore, to return the gesture and give her a birthday present.
Later that afternoon it began to rain, slightly at first, then stronger until it seemed to thrust itself into the ground aggressively, like an animal. Now he would see if his roof was repaired or not. He sat down at his table and watched the day close up, refolding like a bloom, darkening and sheltering from itself. Gradually the hut began to drip, at first over the door, then to the left of the fireplace, and worst of all, another just to the side of his bed. Mentally he marked the places as he arranged pots to collect the rain water. He was less happy now, his joy washing away in the weather, dripping out of him, leaking away to irritation. A whole day spent on the roof and still it leaked. Luckily there was more tar left. I suppose I shall have to get up there again as soon as it dries out. His infinite feeling had vanished and left him damp and miserable by the sea on a rainy day with nobody but a guilty conscience as company and half a piece of cake. He picked up the remainder of the cake and ate it. Perhaps it was damp, or perhaps it had gone stale during the day, but somehow it tasted less rich, drier yet soggier, almost sickly. The tissue paper had stuck to the icing and ruined the effect, and it seemed to be falling apart. He remembered his decision to make the girl a present, but he knew he had nothing to give, least of all to a child. He licked the last crumbs off his fingers and they tasted of sea-salt, and he suddenly felt old, ancient, older than civilisation, and with it came a weariness, a deadness in the muscles, and his face muscles sagged, his shoulders hunched, and he knew there would be no birthday present for Tracy, just as there would by no happiness in his life, or no salvation for humanity. It is a fact, there isn't enough to give, dry men need all their water for themselves. He remembered his inflated joy and saw it for what it was. It was the vanity and pompousness of a dreamer, of a child, the age old claim to Godhead. Well it isn't so, and Man is not half-God but half-beast, and Tracy will grow up and stop making cakes, find other more deadly recipes, grow old and let her birthdays pass unnoticed, eventually succumbing to the unbearable fact that there is too much pain and sorrow and grief in the world and that pink icing is simply a booby prize. The darkness and the rain penetrated, crushed the day to night, and in their homes the men-children shivered, pretending they were simply cold and that they understood, not afraid before the inevitable dark.  


5


Daybreak. No, not as sudden, more a vague throbbing of light, a fading as subtle as the birth of a wave, virtual cinematography, the vast screen filtering through black, to grey, on to white, the bare stone walls and colourless cold of this cruel dawn. Water iced with severity, air the discomfort of damp rags about your body, the light moving on to white but failing, reflecting grey off the bleak surrounds, unable to pierce the leaden mist that hangs forlornly above this land, this era, this cold morning dawning. Damp or sweat or both caught in webs between blankets, dark pockets of the life struggle, a freckled boy stunning flies to feed the spiders, frantic and painless, the deathlike hour of greyness before the sunrise.
Motionless on my back, an Arundel tomb, dead martyr to a lost cause, sad, bronzed, a tourist distraction, even unable to die in one clean movement, lingering in stone or metal, shrouded in shadows, both victim and accused in the case of State versus Individual, still unsolved and awaiting judgement, awaiting the full light of day that never seems to come.
In this limbo that I call my home something stirs. A sound? An arc of movement? The formlessness of a suggestion? It runs with the shadows and hides in the damp, it seems to belong to nothing but sea and rain. I listen but it communicates in silence. I doubt it but I chase it nonetheless. How can there be so many voices in this echoing silence? The unfurnished room trilling with guilt, my head in panic silhouetted against the dirty windows, afraid of someone behind me while the slug, victim of salt, died an ugly pussy pointless death. Who was watching me from that deep emptiness? And though I held you to blame, dad, you and your abstract cruelty, was I unaware, was I really so innocent, awaiting the voice of chastisement. Or salt? Yes, there is definitely something moving out here, I will look for it in the sea and the rain, at least I can start to understand them, especially the rain. Yes, I think I understand the rain now. A thousand million drops, each one a word, each cloudburst a torrent of speech that always concludes with the same simple meaning. Rain, the messenger of the sea, its remainder. Rain is hope, purely and simply. It is hope for the sea, the land, the sea-shore. It is hope in a call-to-arms, hope in a wistful frown, hope fragmented into jewels and tears. It is of the sea, to the land, a sprinkling of emotion on the dry rocks of logic, a faith in passion, an irrigation of intellect.
No, no, I know it isn't that at all, it only seems like that. People shelter from hope? It's possible, but I must be careful where I tread in the bogs of thought with no one to guide me. Caught in the quicksand when the tide rushes in.
The sea. Cruel and deep and unpredictable, a brooding pool of tears, revengeful and powerful, hurling storms onto the passive rocks, eroding. It is worse than looking into a mirror to look at the sea. Out there, in that endless enigma lie the things I fear or misunderstand. I do not trust it, it has no care for me.
It's cold here. Yes, this world is cold and damp and full of shadows, strange noises, isolation. But it is not unnatural, or evil, or soiled. And should the sea smash a man it would not be out of malice, it has no will (these words don't ring as fully as they should). The fish I snatch from the sea feel no sorrow or fear or even surprise, they simply end with me. There is no hatred in the chain of being, no unnecessary violence: it is not war. And whenever and however I leave this place I will leave cleanly and unafraid. Let the fish have me. Yes, the fish and the water will reclaim me, without a fight. Enough, I must get up and break these dawn enigmas, scatter them like chicken feed to be pecked at by the hens, those strutting, foolish creatures outside that always look so shocked and peck, peck, peck all day to produce their barren eggs; bourgeois birds ... Sluggishly I crawl into another day of compromise, the price of survival.
Later, in the hut, rain closes the day. Steamy, wet clothes in a railway carriage, lights on in the daytime, a bored schoolboy staring out across the felt roofs towards a wood somewhere where maybe a girl is waiting to play. Lying on my bed allowing the visions to tumble. The little boy in tight shoes, no older than three, smart, fashionable shorts and a patterned collar, sucking the muzzle of his toy gun. And I sigh and exclaim, what do we do to them, what do we really expect? Little girls of four or five stuffed like soft toys, hardly able to walk. Greek children picking the heads off tiny fish, squidging their brains between indifferent fingers. Or Spanish adolescents singing songs to God, herded like sheep by deluded pastors into what? Confusion, delusion. My own father, pushing and pulling me through absurd hoops so that I am now me, complexes and confusions all nicely packaged, and if I happen to go wrong somewhere, it's my fault, they did their best. Did their best to make me frightened before the sin of sex, didn't they my love, you remember it of course, floundering and embarrassed before those sticky sensations. Perhaps we should have laughed, or cried. And nowadays, huge and solitary, those entangled days still return in new guises, and I lie back on my stale, sterile bed and dream that she comes a traveller, lost and bemused, a young German girl with hair as silver as sand loose about her sunrise-red, excited cheeks, a tiny cut of rubies to add autumn sky sadness and hot, living blood. She comes entangled with visions of sperm-froth beer and a cotton-bosomed wench who spills the whiteness onto her full, wet breast in nipple hard, head thrown back, beautiful, innocent, sensual laughter that makes your very blood stir and rebel against the coarse clothing, the skin feeling and groping with fine hair tinges, hating its smug shell of fabric, pushing and screaming against the thin impenetrable walls of material strait-jackets, crashing amply against the dam and flooding wildly in torrents of bubbling blood into the dry ruts of mind, crashing and tumbling and cascading along the dusty roads of anger, greed, aggression, hatred, confusion, frustration and cynicism, until the images of sun-drenched, sea-drenched, sweat-drenched, skin-drenched, beauty-drenched, sex-drenched tropical surf-sperm run away in droplets of dyked lust, scattered on the barren steppes of a hot stomach. The seeds of doubt.
And later still, the rain swept on to whisper to someone else, I wander down to my evening rocks to watch the sunset perform astonishingly once more, and again that story begins to take shape like an idea or a vision, its source lost in the crowd of memory. Where do I know it from? Father's nasal-hair breathing, heavy as coal on the tucked-in bed? A Miss from training college on a rainy afternoon? An illustrated hardback scrambled amongst the plastic or wooden toys? And why does it bother me now, is it merely its story of a sunset or is it ... is it a story or a fable?
The lighthouse claps its rhythm across the waves, but it falls pathetically upon the sunlit waters, its moment not yet arrived. And in that other story of forgotten childhood a little boy sits watching the sunset too.
Events jingle and shift and search for space as time and voice approach the action. Richard never could remember it entirely, always changed some aspect of it in his haste, or maybe missed something out altogether. He had only the idea, the total conception evaded him. So it was that the boy in the story, somehow, discovers that there is a pathway to the sun, a golden carpet spread across the evening waves, disappearing as the last tip of orange wax drips into the horizon's cup. Doubts and uncertainties surround this mythical causeway, but beyond the path, in the kingdom of the sun, he knows lies adventure and freedom. The childish tale continues through dreams and dashed hopes until one day the boy is ready to tackle the task. He has to run the whole length of the path (how far is the horizon?) and dive into the sun before it disappears. If Richard times it right he finishes the story as the sun is turned away from us and the lighthouse holds sway over the bay and Heron Point. And the boy dives, and the sun hesitates, and Richard can never decide what happens. Should he make it or not? What would happen if he did? Why was the story so incomplete, so begging to be finished but so afraid of termination? No answers at all, the tale remained, repeated, repeated.



6


Out to sea, menacing, arming itself and manoeuvring in obscure but unmistakable heaves and groans, the storm was preparing for battle. The sky had changed to a gunmetal grey charged with purple and mud-brown, and the air was pressing, viscous. The chickens had been aware of it since early dawn, refusing to leave the refuge of their wooden coop, huddling together and hello-ing to themselves, hoping it would pass them by, protecting their eggs. Richard had scattered some feed inside the coop and locked them in. He had also placed heavy rocks on top of their fragile shack to forestall a repetition of the last storm's devastation, when the coop had blown over with all the trapped and screaming birds inside. Since then he had fixed it to the wall of his cottage; the rocks were an extra precaution. There was a foreboding in the air, a sense of inevitability and impotence. Despite the harbingers of the storm - the soupy colours and the wild wilful rooks soaring in black glee, playing at evil - there was little to do except sit and wait. Placed as he was between land and sea he could expect the full ferocity of the maelstrom. It was as if the storm was a shadow of the age, a ruthless crushing hand groping for him, searching him out. There would be no escape.
Still he prepared what he could. First he visited the shepherd's hut and collected his provisions, then he checked and added to his stock of firewood, and removed all of it into the hut. He placed boards over the windows and dismantled a climbing-frame in the kitchen-garden. Finally he dragged his rowing boat further up the beach and secured it at the prow and stern to a large rock. There was nothing else he could do now except wait for the silence to break and the power to be unleashed. Yet although he had taken all these preventative measures, he was still far from easy about the coming day and night. This particular storm had been brooding and breeding for so long that he feared an unprecedented intensity, a violence of lust and panic.
In the lull, the unwelcome calm, he decided to refill his goatskin once more, more for something to do than out of necessity. He found it impossible to sit inside his hut with the electric atmosphere and the dull ache of clouds debating when to attack, he felt claustrophobic and a little submissive. He also reasoned that from the hills he would get a better idea of when the storm would actually break, drawing conclusions from cloud lines and temperature, animal displays and pressure. The excuses were sufficient and he left the hut, well clothed and silent, sombre like the day.
The hills supplied no relief, were as sullen and expectant as he was. They sat, resigned but fearful, staring out across the swollen sea at the shadows massed above the horizon, clouds so dense and dark they seemed to communicate with the depths of the sea, the black chill of space. The day was full of this threat; it stank.
The spring issued unwillingly, seemingly forced out of the rock, devoid of life, its light seeping immediately into the scab-coloured earth. The iced water stung his hands spitefully. The goatskin bloated like the dead dog he had found one morning washed up just beyond his cove. Its belly swollen, teeth bared, flies mocking its death. It was probably an old work dog flung from the cliff tops, unwanted, unable to gain shore amongst the foam and polished rocks at the cliff's base. He slung the skin over his shoulder, unable to rid himself of the image, shrinking a little at the sensation of the drowned stomach sagging over him, rubbing his neck. For a second or two he imagined his own dead body, washed up on the shore, clenched fists grasping at the sand, legs still caught in the sea's grip, a bloated corpse murdered between the land and the ocean, unwanted, half-digested and spat out to rot amongst the driftwood and sand flies, eventually achieving nothing but a look of disgust from a passing stranger.  Somehow the ugliness and futility of such a death seemed in keeping with the time, seemed almost to be the inevitable conclusion. Normally he would have laughed at such doom-mongering, would have made himself snap out of it, but today ...
Back in the hut he began to lose patience with the oppressive gloom. There was something macabre about that eternal waiting, or maybe it was the amateur dramatics, the build-up of melodramatic intensity. He prayed that it would strike soon; to prolong the beginning appeared unnecessary, a particularly cheap psychological trick.
However, time drew on, and the day made no attempt to break its heavy status quo. Gradually he became accustomed to the dark eye watching him from afar, just as he had become virtually immune now to those other unknown eyes he felt were watching him, the incomprehensible eyes of other people, of history, of possibly something more all-embracing; he was unsure. He began to think about the town and cities inland, or the large protected harbours and ports which were also awaiting the storm. To them it would be a point of interest, like the headline of a newspaper. They would note its ferocity and record it. Some people would be anxious about their property, but it would only be economic anxiety. Perhaps some children would feel frightened and begin to cry when the show really began, overawed by the theatrical over-kill of it all. Yet he realised that for him it was very different, that it was a test, that it was precisely for this that he had given up all the numbing comforts and secure monotony of his previous lifestyle. It was Richard versus reality, both of them taken to their extremes. It was naked twentieth century man against timeless nature; it was his conviction, his decision put before all those critical, doubting eyes.
At least that's how he saw it, waiting a little nervously in the hut cleaning his nets, humming to himself. And if it seemed that way to him, if that's how he really believed it to be, then it was so.
Despite his impatience and the long afternoon vigil the commencement still took him by surprise. He was tending the fire, trying to keep it glowing, but ensuring that new fuel would not quench it, when it thundered; a low, terrible, elongated bellow of wrath that shook the walls of his hut, made him start and drop the poker. He laughed at his nervousness as the cry continued, amused by his own sense of shock and surprise. The chickens took longer to regain their composure and screeched maniacally for minutes after, reduced to nothing with the first blow.
The rain came and destroyed his previous understanding: it was a rain of despair, not hope. He rose and went to the window. Outside bullets rained, burying themselves deep like seeds of aggression in the too yielding soil, fuelling the sea with spurts of vengeance and anger. The sea grew to enormous heights and locked itself in battle with the tired land, a continual fight that might never end. And fanning all this violent yet somehow profoundly sad movement was the wind, swooping across the bay with lithe twists of its supple body, caught once more in the war it could never understand. For to Richard it was a war; spontaneous, reasonless, acted against the will it might be, but it was war nonetheless, and excluded nothing. That the rocks and the air and the water were oblivious to the fact changed nothing; Richard reflected the temporary expression, and his eyes saw battle joined.
But it was not new, this experience, he had felt it before on at least three or four occasions. It was an absurdity, a phenomenon of imbalanced nature, and though he suffered it too, he was almost powerless before it. His roof was now fully repaired, he had taken other precautions, too, had built drainage ditches and made rough eaves from driftwood: now the real wait would begin. He turned away from the sea, the light already dissolving into bruise-coloured dusk, and returned to his nets and his constant playing with the fire: he was as ready as he could be; now it was virtually out of his hands.
Night came and left him sightless, a blind man amongst the din of cascading weather. Occasionally a flash of lightening would illuminate the bizarre outside world the way a mortar shell spews light above the trenches, highlighting the grotesque earth in spasmodic explosive shocks. The rain began to creep in, via the window frames or beneath the door, but Richard ignored it, realising the pointlessness of trying to stop it. Instead he sat quietly, letting time rage on, content to allow the brutality and madness to pass. The light from the lighthouse peeked in weakly through the slots in the window-boards, reminding him of its presence, and occasionally, way out to sea he thought he could hear a ship's siren wail - or was it something more sinister, his imagination perhaps? He had tried to light some candles but they kept blowing out, victim of a roaming but constant draught which he could never exclude. The way the rain and wind and noise and flashes of light crept into his sanctuary made him feel vulnerable, or at least, involved.  His presence seemed demanded, he could not hide.
Interminable. After a few hours it appeared to find a rhythm, an ease of motion that belied its intensity and suggested order. The moods would change swiftly and dramatically, yet almost correctly, as if there were a preconceived plan, or a method. It was this feeling that it had all been done before that gave the storm its air of monotony, made you sense that it might never end. It was during one of the off-beats, when the wind rested and the rain abruptly ceased lashing and spitting at the walls of the hut, that he thought he heard it. He sat up quickly, alert like a feeding bird, and listened intently. To frustrate him the thunder threw down its percussive strength and the sea responded in vast crashes of cymbal and brass. He dashed over to the window and peered into the shadows woven by the lighthouse and lightening, but saw virtually nothing through the thin slats. Anyway, he knew perfectly well he couldn't see it from that angle and that it was a pointless gesture. He returned to the centre of the hut and waited. Inevitably the cacophony revolved, and this time it was unmistakable. Carried in on a wave of silence, breaking through all that sound and visionlessness like a plea, he heard the sound of wood crashing against stone, a sickening, ill-balanced crack, as unfairly matched as bone against metal. The boat was being smashed against the mooring rock, and to him it hurt as much as if it were his own body being destroyed. His deep need of that vessel, its essentiality to his way of life was something he could not ignore. Gone now were the days of financial stability: he could not replace it should it be lost. But more than that, beyond the material side of it, he saw himself as being attacked; his choice of life, his decision, his ability to survive. And something vaguer, that feeling of being tested, the long hours spent quietly accepting this storm: he felt the time had come to find out.
Hastily he climbed into his oilskins. He still had no idea how the boat had slipped its mooring, or whether he could still save it. Secretly he hoped it was a false alarm, that to retrieve it and haul it to safety would not prove too difficult. He tied a sheath-knife around his waist and plunged into the night.
Or rather, he plunged into reality. Outside there was no shelter, no impressions of grandeur or eternity, no why or right, simply liquids and gasses and uncontrolled forces. His oilskins were useless, a mere gesture, he might as well have been naked. With the first crushing blows of the storm he realised what he had to do, simply, without recourse to any other ideal: survive. It was the test he had been waiting for, and its suddenness, its simplicity, seemed to wake him out of a spell. He set to work. The hut was safely positioned, being spared the full power of the sea by an intricate series of rocks, and also sitting far enough back to avoid even the highest winter tides. But towards the lighthouse, where the boat had been moored, there were fewer breakwaters, and the sea surged up the beach and smashed itself against the few rocks and the base of the cliff. Richard had never seen the water rise so high, and was at first afraid to venture anywhere near the shoreline, but the occasional cronk of his boat against stone spurred him on. In the darkness it was a lethal journey, and the rain and sea-drenched pebbles shifted sickeningly beneath his galoshes, threatening to drag him to his knees at every step. He still couldn't see where his boat was, but believed that he might yet be able to retrieve it without too much effort, the rock he had secured it to being well up the beach and semi-sheltered by the cross-currents produced by the promontory on which the lighthouse stood. Now he came to the part of the beach where the waves were washing up as far as the cliff-base, and he paused a while, considering the risks involved in wading through such powerfully obsessed water. But there was little else he could do if he wanted to save the vessel, which still called to him on the wind, louder and clearer and more painful now. He moved cautiously, keeping close to the cliff wall, stopping as a tongue of froth and iced water licked roughly up the scattered beach, drenching and chilling him, mocking his protective clothing and his grim determination, pulling the sand and gravel away from his feet and laughing as he stumbled and struggled in the foam. He continued, moving rapidly once the waves receded, locking himself to the cliffs when it pounced. Little by little he advanced towards the boat, though he was frozen and numbed, and the wind ruffled his hair like a tedious big brother, confusing him and icing his face so that his head throbbed with pain and irritation and frustration. He had hoped that the lighthouse would help him to find his way, but he found that its inconsistent light only served to bewilder him, flashing at him through the rain and spray and tormenting wind. By the time he had passed the danger and was again on a part of the shore where the tide hadn't managed to reach he was exhausted and unsure of his ability to continue. All his thoughts seemed as prone to the storm as leaves, and the only constant was a clear pain in his forehead which threatened to force him back to his hut at times such was its intensity. But having come this far he knew he would carry it through no matter what the final result might be. Adjusting his sheath knife and pathetically re-arranging his clothing, he continued towards where the boat had been moored. To keep up his spirits he attacked himself for his stupidity. He wouldn't listen to his own excuses that this storm was an unprecedented freak, that the rock had always remained clear of the tides before, that it was pure bad luck, not bad judgement. Instead he cursed himself out loud, swearing at his inexperience and laziness, and with each new angry attack he found strength to slog on through the sodden sand until he reached the boat.
It wasn't as bad as he'd feared, but it was worse than he'd hoped. The rock itself, a huge sharp-edged block of stone hurled from the cliffs and as yet unworn by the sea's continual sucking, was half submerged, and its clear edges sliced impressive towers of slow moving water over its head, falling as gently as a fountain over the seething sea and the flimsy wooden vessel that jerked and lurched at its side. The mowing rope had worked loose at the stern end, and every so often a wave or muscle of water would lightly toss it against the rock, splintering it with perfect ease. Richard saw at once what he had to do. He would somehow wade out to the rock and free the prow, then, with a little guidance, the boat should ride in on a wave and he could eventually haul it up the beach to safety. It sounded too simple, so simple that he mistrusted it. He went over the plan again, this time foreseeing possible dangers. He would wade into the powerful current and lose his footing, be dragged under by the weight of his oilskins and half drawn in the toiling depths. He would reach the rock to see the boat break free and be sucked out of reach. He would free the boat but be unable to guide it back to shore, would lose his strength and be overpowered by the ocean. Still he knew he must go on, he had come too far to turn back, too far to quit. He thought of stripping off his oilskins as they were so obviously useless in such weather, but he was afraid of the bitter cold and preferred even that token protection to virtual nakedness. He knew it was absurd and would hinder his progress, maybe even prove fatal were he to be swept out to sea, but he refused to shed his clothes. He stared for some time at the black liquid ice swirling through that madman wind, and the lighthouse rhythm, and the boat begging, and the rock, solid and sharp-edged, shocked by the maniacal sea. A giddiness came and went. Then he braced himself and entered the fray.
The sensations that swirled around him then were so intense that he felt he would burst, that he was waiting only for the right note to shatter him like a wine glass. Chaos and absurdity clashing swords above his head, confounding him, hating him, screaming that he didn't belong. It was right, of course, too, he had no place there, amongst that height of willessness, a man of the land, an earthling in truly alien surroundings. What was he doing groping and demanding his way through the tempest? What was there to concern him?
How loathed he was, how all his body and subconscious raged against him, sea and pain and fear swirling and bursting around him. He no longer thought in coherent lines, he couldn't, he just kept edging nearer and nearer that unbelievable rock, that pathetic boat. It was a nightmare of total proportions; he almost wished the sea would summon up its full strength and crack him like a shell, it would be easier, quicker. He could hardly move in his oilskins, the sea around him like liquid lead, sense rapidly fading from his frozen flesh, yet somehow he managed to reach the rock. The sea, though fierce, was still only up to his waist, though occasional waves flipped over him and soaked him once more. The currents at the base of the rock threatened to topple him, but he gripped on firmly and maintained his balance, precariously by swaying with the oncoming waves, giving to them a little instead of challenging them. He could see the rowing boat clearly now, and the damage already done to it, but he daren't reach out to steady it as he was afraid of its sudden twisting movements. He was only surprised that the other mooring rope hadn't broken with the continual tugging and twitching of the panicking vessel. He allowed another surge to push him up against the rock, then cautiously unsheathed his knife. He began to edge nearer the boat, aware that he would have to get within arm's reach to cut the rope that held the prow. He would wait until the wind or waves dragged the boat away from the rock, when the rope would be at its toughest, then quickly cut through it and dodge behind the rock for safety. He waited, just out of range of the boat's whipping stern end, which thrashed to left and right, cracking against the sharp stone with demented ferocity. He waited. It seemed as if the boat knew his design and had decided to thwart him for some psychotic reason or other; it refused to pull safely away from the rock, and Richard wondered if he would ever be able to free it. Just as he was losing patience, crumbling beneath the intensity and the frustration that hemmed him in, the rope pulled taut. After a slight hesitation he pushed himself through the water and stretched out his hand. The blade lay on the rope and his concentration poured into his arm, his numb and virtually useless hand. Cut, cut! He felt, through his arm muscles, the plaits of twine severing one by one, and a feeling of triumph flooded through him as the boat spun round and crushed his arm against the rock with a speed and malice that totally shocked him. The pain didn't begin for what seemed like hours. Instead he was shocked beyond all outside events, and lost touch with his task, his test, the storm still angry all about him. The waves and currents half pushed and half pulled him back to the shore, and it wasn't until he threw himself down on the sand that the first stormings of pain charged through his system. He gripped his arm and it spurted more molten metal into his blood. He looked at his hand and saw the blood flowing comfortably along his fingers to the ground, nightmarish in that grisly light, the occasional camera flash from the lighthouse illuminating the extent of his wound. In blind panic, blubbering, still in a state of intense disbelief (my arm?  my arm?) he jerked up the sleeves of his oilskin and jumper and saw the wound. It couldn't be right. He could see a long jagged gash that seemed to stretch right round his forearm, and what looked like a splintered bone, and little globules of white stuff that could be fat or muscle. But most of all he saw blood, masses of blood, his own sweet red life blood gurgling out of his own fleshy arm. He fainted.

He came round to a searing pain which kept him hovering on the verge of unconsciousness, but refused to go that far. It blotted out almost everything except a desire to seek help, to get off the shore and do something, at least to crawl to his hut. He had no idea how long he'd been lying there, the rain still persisted and the wind was as tireless as ever, though the sea had receded a little and seemed less wild. It was still dark though. He checked his wound again. He was still losing a lot of blood, but his initial fear that it was a severed vein, had now passed. He struggled for breath and consciousness when he saw it again, but he managed to overcome the dizziness and weakness that clouded his mind, and shake reality back into his eyes and ears. He stumbled back to his hut through prisms of clarity and mist.

Back in the hut the fire was out and the shadows had swollen in his absence. He was at a loss what to do with his arm, was frightened by the regular loss of blood that seemed intent on escaping his body. He knew that he should apply a tourniquet or something, but was uncertain of how long it had to be applied for, and where, and how tight? Nonetheless, after discarding his oilskins, he set about doing something. He tied a piece of string around his forearm the way he had seen junkies do it in the movies, and used his shirt as a makeshift bandage. The continual floods of pain made his work slow, conducted in a haze, but he eventually had his arm at least covered. He relaxed the tourniquet when he was finished and watched the blood begin to stain the blue linen of his shirt. Then he lay back on his bed, exhausted, twitching with nervousness and fear, and again passed out.

Morning had crept timidly into view by the time he came to, and the storm had passed. A forgiving but forgetful calm lay over the land and the sea. He shivered. The pain started up, and a feverishness began to claw at his skin. He couldn't stand when he tried, and had to sink back to his bed. He realised that he had lost too much blood and that he was virtually delirious, and with a sinking feeling he could see that blood was still oozing consistently through the bandages. But it was when he thought about what he was going to do next that real terror struck him. What could he do? Crawl back to the world he had rejected for help? Drag himself to the fat farmer's door and demand medical attention? No, he had always told himself that he would never do that, that if the worse came to the worse ... but that was when it was hypothetical! But I cut myself off from that world of false progress ... you're going to die here! I can't just pretend it didn't matter!  I can't just say 'I'm sorry, I made a mistake', I can't go back! And the voice again, a child's voice pleading with Father, but I'm going to die here!

So there had been no resolutions in that freak storm, no answers, only more riddles, more confusion, more doubt. And no, he couldn't just die there in the hut, alone, watching the blood drip away, feeling the censure of the world's eyes at his back. More than that, the pain wouldn't let him. Not knowing exactly what he had in mind, he walked out of the cottage into the bright but overcast morning.

Still he couldn't admit defeat; he felt he couldn't go to the farmer. After all, it had been no lightly taken decision; he had rejected one way and accepted the other, despite its cruelty. He remembered, as he staggered on, his thoughts of a few months before, about the sea claiming him, about his returning to it without a fight, about the amorality of the chain of being, and he felt bitter; bitter that he had not been drowned or spared, bitter that he should be only wounded and thereby offered an impossible choice.

He grew weaker as he went on; every now and then falling to his knees with exhaustion and muzziness. He still had no idea what he was doing out there, crawling over his domain, trailing blood and beliefs as he went. But he continued, he had to continue.

Eventually he reached the old shepherd's hut. He didn't know if he had deliberately made for it or not, but now it offered him a solution. He would lie down inside that hut and just pray that the farmer would come and find him. He was still in his territory, he had not begged for help. True, neither had he totally accepted his fate and remained in his cottage, but ... pain was his excuse. With immense difficulty he fetched the key from under its stone and fell into the hut. Perhaps it was relief at a glimmer of hope, perhaps despair at having failed, perhaps nothing more than total exhaustion, but once inside he collapsed once more into obliviousness.


7


The farmer found him the following morning, lying in his own dried blood, sprawled out like a starfish on the floor; they had to break one of his arms to get him through the narrow door. They were all shocked, naturally, and assumed he hadn't had enough strength to make it to the farmhouse. His body was taken back to his parents' home town and his funeral took place on a windy, forgetful Thursday, his ashes later scattered to the four bitter winds that scoured the Corporation crematorium. Eleanor was there, and she cried, although she also thought that he had been dead to her for a long, long time.

The police pieced together the evidence of the boat and the trails of blood and a verdict of accidental death was given. No loose ends remained, he was tidied up and concluded, and everybody who had ever known him shrugged and carried on.

He had been aware of that, fighting for coherence on the cold stone floor, shivering and sweating and continually passing out, riding waves of pain and fever. He had realised in those last kaleidoscopic moments of colour and shade that he merely reflected the age, was an expression of it, a child of it. He knew there had been no escape and no answers - only a running from shadows into shadows. During moments of consciousness and clarity he saw the ambulance jolting over the farm tracks, the farmer excited and surprised and happy to be proven right, standing in his wellingtons and farting. He knew they had all expected him back one way or another, that none of them had been convinced by his gesture of rejection and regression. The prisoner inevitably recaptured, the compromise eternally struck, the defeat as unavoidable as ever. He reached no conclusion other than his own death.


BOOK TWO -  LA FERIA

I would never have believed anything as comical, as domestic, could ever have been so deadly. A rattling, rusty lorry, held together by twine and rope and pieces of rough board, chugging along in the summer afternoon daze, full of chickens and the charm of things past. The flat farmlands sizzled in the heat, quivering in the distance, and the long, straight road seemed to rise a little at the end into nothingness.
We'd left Villa Real at dawn, bleary eyed and irritable. She'd forgotten to brush her hair and sat wild and beautiful in the passenger seat, the window open a little at the top, with loose strands of hair playing in the wind. We didn't speak; just let the road suck us along its hypnotic route, clicking past towns and farmhouses, only vaguely aware of the clear bright day growing outside. I was planning to stop at the next garage when we cruised up behind the chicken lorry. We looked at each other and smiled for the first time that day.
Peaceful and slightly ridiculous it rolled along, and I was loathe to overtake it, enjoying its tranquil pace. We settled in behind it. She said something I didn't quite catch, I turned to her and asked her to repeat it. She never did.
And when they pulled me from the wreckage of my car and life, and those stupid, innocent chickens fluttered all around me or sat nonchalantly on the highway watching me, I couldn't believe what they told me. I staggered up, pushing them away, and dashed to the car. They were taking her out gently, as if she were still alive. They wrapped her in a sheet, and lay her to rest in the ambulance. I looked at the chickens, at the car, at that ridiculous lorry, and I couldn't believe it at all, I couldn't even cry.
That came later, in a hot sweaty, lonely hotel room, the huge silent din of darkness outside stifling me as I choked and shivered on a narrow bed, even stranger and more alone in that alien room of formica and nylon. To those who know, I sympathise. To those who don't, I pray you never will. The storm passed leaving me crushed, numbed and becalmed.
I drifted here, to this windy, remote seaside town, an arm of land confused and submissive before the power of the ocean and its constant wind. I work the roundabout in a travelling fairground that stopped travelling due to lack of funds and direction - where is there to go when the land runs out? The Boss tells us we'll move on when he loses his cold, but he's had that for a year and a half now. Paco, who runs the shooting gallery, thinks we're waiting for the wind to stop. Possibly we're just tired of drifting.
Business is slack but enough to keep us in food and clothing. The people here love to bring their children after school or on Sunday afternoons, and we've become a bit of a local charity. I got no money when she died, we never took out any insurance, and I wouldn't have wanted the money even if we had. They offered me something for the car, I forget how much exactly, but I gave it to the chicken farmer, the poor soul, I've never seen such grief. He kept saying 'I couldn't help it, I didn't want to, to ...' May you forever sleep soundly and deeply in your human sleep, we know and we forgive.
The wind's blowing the coloured canvas in waves, and from where I sit I can see the whole vast arena of the ocean and its attendant sky. Some clouds are hurrying off to somewhere, and a distant grey shape suggests a boat. A child is talking to one of the wooden ponies and patting its mane. It's too windy today, there'll be few rides. Antonio's sleeping amongst the coloured lights of the bumper cars. Paco's reading an angling magazine, he's got a lot of friends here, mostly fishermen, and he goes off to fish whenever he can. He's good, too, and quite often supplies our supper. The Boss is in his caravan with his wife who sells hot dogs and candy-floss and will tell your fortune if you let her. He doesn't bother us at all, he doesn't care anymore. It seems he gave up eighteen months ago for some reason or other - I don't really know why. None of us do; we never ask questions. We talk about the wind and the Boss's cold, about takings and when we'll move, maybe about something local in the papers or the coming feria, but never anything about each other. We prefer it that way. Sometimes I feel as if I'm in a convalescent home.
I'm really hoping Pablo will turn up. It's a bit soon yet but he often stops early when it's as windy as this. He's got a stall in one of the central plazas selling second-hand books and magazines and although it's a pretty sheltered position he doesn't do much business when it's like it is today. Anyway, he packs up when he pleases, he has no respect for time.
It's impressive today, the seascape, with fast rolling waves tumbling over each other and sending up spurts of water for the wind to play with. You tend to stare at it after a while, and you see all that water hurtling towards you, feel the wind whamming inside your ears, and you imagine that soon you'll be swept off your perch of rock and pushed along on the tide. But they never reach here. They come and come all day but they never arrive. It's an impression that recurs quite often, and I suppose it has its effect.
I still think of her from time to time, but calmly, like remembering an old friend now far away. (Let's call her by her name - Linda). I can still see her, sometimes in colour, sometimes in semi-dream sequences, never in sepia. I won't try to describe her because I'd only falsify and elaborate - a tendency of mine but one I try to check - nor will I mention her much more if I can help it. Not that it's too sad or anything. It takes me hours of intense dwelling before I even approach a tear, but simply because she's dead, and this isn't her story (though she begins it); and I think she'd like to be left in peace, too.
A man's just strolled in from the park (we're situated at the back of a park, in what serves for a car park. I prefer it, it's nearer the sea and less busy), and I recognise him as a friend of Paco's. Ramon he's called. I think it's Ramon who's got the little motor boat that comes round the point into view every so often, either him or his cousin. That means Paco'll be off fishing soon and the rest of us will start packing up for the day. I've made precisely 12,50? today, five rides, not even enough to pay for the generator. Still, we take the rough with the smooth, and there's always fish for supper.
Santa Maria Del Mar this point of land is called, fittingly enough, and to me it's as attractive as its name. It's a curious mixture of noble Spanish architecture and modern urban obscenities. The old wall thwarts the sea, though it's tarmac covered and splashed with stark electric lights at night. But the sea and the sky and the perfection of palm trees saves it, makes you forget the abandoned cars and the littered look-out posts (mostly used as toilets nowadays). I like the balance, or the contrast, or whatever you want to call it. I don't suppose we help much with our tawdry advertisements and oily generators, our grubby caravans and obligatory dogs, but I don't feel we're out of place.
Antonio's waking up. He hasn't given a ride all day. Still it doesn't matter much because he does alright at the weekends when the teenagers come to flirt and flounce. I enjoy watching them, they're so sincere and cocksure and uncertain of themselves. It's make or break time. No, that's not right, but it's certainly a time for flexing muscles, testing ideas, surprising yourself with your own actions and reactions. I enjoy it.
Paco's leaving the Boss's caravan now, and giving us the signal. That's it for today, there's no point in staying open just for the hell of it. I'll hang on a bit longer, though, to see if Pablo appears.
After the farce at the hospital and the police station, the dim ache of well-lit corridors, the constant confrontation with her name in print (it wasn't as if she'd died, more like she'd gone bankrupt or been closed down), I couldn't decide what to do. There seemed no point in going back, following the thread back to what I'd already done and left: there seemed no point in anything much. The money ran out and I worked in restaurants for a while for food and pocket money. I was listless but strangely restless too, finding it impossible to stay in one place for more than a couple of weeks at a time. I got this job by pure chance. One night I got a bit drunk and went to the fair. I think it was Paco who offered me the job, I'm not sure, it was all a bit hazy. Anyway, I spoke to the Boss the next day and we started moving. It was madness really, I had no experience or anything and could only speak a pocketful of sentences in Spanish, but they were mad days, and so there I was roughing it with a travelling fair. Eighteen months ago we straggled in here.
I've locked up and put on the tarpaulins and still no sign of Pablo, I'll look for him in the centre. The Boss came over and asked how we'd got on, as always, and showed his usual amount of interest. He sniffed all the time and played with a piece of tissue paper. It's difficult to believe that he's had a cold so long, it must be some other problem, but the symptoms are those of a common cold so that's what he calls it. He tends not to look me in the eyes when he speaks. Instead he studies my hairline or the buttons of my shirt, and I can watch him calmly, follow his moist eyes as they flicker nervously around my face, avoiding contact. I don't know why I pity him, but it's the feeling he gives me. Maybe I feel sorry for him, maybe I sympathise, maybe it's just his wet eyes aggravated by his prolonged cold, or his placid, defeated stance, or a million other flashes and suggestions as I look down upon his good natured face ...  I don't know. I watched him stroll back to his caravan, oblivious to the hassling wind which tugged at his sloppy clothes and hair, and slam the door. 
Paco and Ramon are coming over; they're off fishing now I suppose. I hope. With 12,50? I don't think I'll be eating out. When he's about ten metres off he bellows
'Qué pasa?'
 He always shouts, even when talking about love or when asking intimate questions. True, he never really talks to me about anything he sincerely feels - he talks about whores in South America and the need for peace etc., but up to now he's never spoken to me about anything that directly concerns him. I respect that, and ask no questions. 
'The same as always,'
 I reply, raising my voice unconsciously.
 '12,50 and no tips.'
He laughs, and nudges Ramon. Ramon is unemployed and lives off the fish he catches. He does a small business hawking his catch round the bars and shops. He winks at me and tells me I should go out with them one day. We talk idly for a while about the wind and the possibility of rain. Paco invites me to supper with a chivalrous air and a mischievous look in his eye, then sets off, tossing a crisp 'hasta luego' over his shoulder as he goes.
It must be around six o'clock now, judging by the height of the sun. Antonio has disappeared somewhere - he's probably in his caravan continuing his prolonged siesta.
There's little point in staying here now, and it's getting colder every minute. I'll go and search out Pablo.
The streets are full of light and life. There's a continuous noise and movement that seems to animate the doorways and the windows of the old buildings. A madman is selling lottery tickets on the corner of the plaza, blubbering incoherently in a strange sing-song tone that for him must be the sound of the numbers he hopes to sell. Stooped in front of him an old woman dressed entirely in black is staring at the tickets pinned to his jacket trying to read some meaning into the groups of figures she sees before her, looking for a combination that will suggest something to her and persuade her to buy; a phone number, a date, a lucky number. Children screaming and running and playing, seemingly unnoticed by the adults, appear as fairies or elves. Some old men, pastel blue and grey, are arguing about something outside a café. They gesticulate and shout and spit and become angry, as if that way they laugh in the face of the death that day by day approaches them, deny it what they can.  A passing car frightens the pigeons and they swirl up in a wave of white motion between the soft shadow and the smudged sunlight under the trees and it takes my breath away. I turn off towards where I think I'll find Pablo and by so doing avoid the beggars of the shopping mall.  Some openly beg, others play guitars or read your fortune, but the majority simply roll up their trousers and show their wounds. I prefer to avoid it if I can, not because I haven't got anything to give them, but more because they cause a riot of emotions in me - disgust, anger, embarrassment, guilt, sadness. I don't deliberately avoid passing them, but any excuse will do.
A woman opens a window above my head and bellows 
'Raul, ven pa ca.'
and I see a boy's head peep out from behind a pillar of the interior patio. His mother waits a few seconds then repeats her cry. The boy stays put with a cheeky grin on his face. And it's always like this; cool, dusky courtyards full of plants, families sprawling along the narrow streets shouting at each other as if still at home. Groups of school children teasing the sweet seller who stands among the multi-coloured plastic toys, balloons, chewing gums, candy-filled canes, flying saucers, liquorice, windmills and jelly-feet of his hand barrow. A beautiful young girl clinging to the arm of her lover and talking incessantly about something or other, a couple of idle policemen having a  cigarette on a stone bench, some youngsters smoking joints and drinking  litres of beer, comparing dogs and fighting playfully among themselves. Sailors and students and businessmen and tourists and everybody seemingly relaxed, at home, approachable. Ask for a cigarette or the time and find a smiling face, a warm response. I often wonder if it's really true that they are all so good-natured, or whether it's only a tacit agreement to live in peace, but I suppose it doesn't really matter. Social grace they have, wherever it comes from. They don't seem to be aware of it themselves either, probably because it's how they've always lived and they have nothing to compare it with, but for me, coming from outside where the people are either frightened of each other or steeped in a feeling of hopelessness, it's a breath of fresh air; the constant sea breeze that sweeps the town.

I turn into the cathedral square where he usually sets up his stall, but I can see at a glance that he's gone. The man in the 'quiosco', a little lock-up newspaper stand cum general store, spots me and beckons me over. He's a huge man with thick eyebrows and red flushed cheeks and he always looks so absurd huddled up in his tiny box. In summer he likes to sit outside, but then every time a customer comes he has to clamber in through the mouse hole side door to serve him. He tells me that Pablo got fed up with the wind, that it was ruining his magazines, and that I'd find him at home. I buy two or three cigarettes from him and set off to where Pablo lives.
What do I think of Pablo? Is he a failed actor, a frustrated clown? Is he just another Spanish romantic, fed on stale religion and sunshine? Does he simply just want to be the centre of attraction? All of those, I believe and much, much more. Do I really understand him or is it a trick of the language?
This cynic in me has never died. Perhaps it's met its match every now and then, or turned against itself, but it's still there, lurking, ready to attack at any moment. The cynic claims that all ideas, all people, are lies, are guilty until proven otherwise. It is a flick-knife, sharp, quick and deadly. I keep it in my pocket to this day.
But it can crush you, this inevitable cynicism; it can destroy you in its effectiveness. So why bother with anything? You ask yourself, what's the point? Why should I even both writing this? God knows I'm no writer and work to no plan as such. And doubtless, they'll change it all around when they get their very clean hands on it. I'm not sure exactly what they do up there in Word Moulding House, but I always get the impression that they treat a book as if it were an advert., and that they lay it out on big, angled boards and change this and cut that and scrawl things in the margins until they have what they want, a saleable product which is as near the original book as I am to Adam. If they do that to it I might as well start lying now. No, fuck them, I'd rather burn the lot. Subject closed.
But there is a way out. You need what the Spanish call 'cojones' and what we'd call 'the bollocks'. You need the bollocks to stand up and say what you mean, shout it if necessary. And as for the cynics just give them a good punch in the face and tell them to piss off for once, 'you're dragging me down!', why should you be dragged down? I remember talking to a friend of mine some time last year, and what he said impressed me then, and still does. He's about fifty I suppose and, like me, not from Spain. He's had a varied life, working on the ships travelling the ports of the world, then some years in Morocco, and finally here. He's renowned for his bad luck. If all the crew are searched, he'll be caught smuggling, one out of a hundred. If a political decision means deportation, it'll be him that goes. If economic recession means redundancy, it's him that gets the push. Always the foreigner, always the scapegoat. He ended up selling hash to support his family of seven kids, and he was doing nicely - it was, after all, his job. Then one day the police raided and he was caught with very little on him. Nonetheless caught he was, and, inevitably, beaten. When he eventually came out I saw him. He had a huge growth at the back of his neck, and yellow and black bruises all over his body. I sat down with him and we smoked a joint. Everybody was saying how good it was to see him and what bastards the police were, but he didn't say much. After a while he looked up at the skylight and saw the sun shining in. 
'It's a beautiful day'
 he said, and started to laugh.
'They didn't beat me '
he said in his heavy American-Spanish accent. 
'They didn't beat me, no man, heh, heh, they beat my body, look!'
and I saw the bruises, ugly despite their bright colouring. 
'That bastard he beat me so much he was crazy. He broke his little finger beating me, the bastard. Ha! He say I bit him, Ha, look!'
and he smiled, showing me his two or three rickety teeth. 
'Yeah man, I sucked him and broke his finger! Ha! No, he didn't beat me. He beat my body, bastard beat me hard, but he didn't beat me. No, he didn't beat me. Sun's shining, it's a good world. I said to him, you ain't hitting me, you're just hitting my body. That made him mad. That bastard really beat me. But I told him, you ain't gonna hit me, no, not me.'
Cojones.



We found a corner of the square where the wind couldn't molest us. Pablo was in a reflexive mood and hadn't said much all evening. I was hoping that he'd touch on what it was he was thinking about, but as I didn't want to ask him straight out we carried on talking about daily events, joking and trying to sound experienced and in control of our lives. I suppose I could have forced the issue with a 'penny for them' type line, but I've learnt from the lot at the fair that you have to respect people's private thoughts. If he wants to say something, I want to listen, if not, I'll forget it. It's a personal liberty of his, like it's one of mine to not listen if I don't want to.

We'd been sitting there for some time watching the wind pick up the litter and then, in disgust, throw it back, scattering it across the square, when he began to tell me of when he was a child. All the local boys would get together to play football on the beach in the long summer evenings. The promenade would be full of people taking their evening stroll and the boys dived and showed off and shouted at each other to impress them. But whenever a priest came into sight the match would suddenly be abandoned and all the boys would run over and kiss his hand. Apparently it didn't matter at what point the game was, as soon as the priest appeared it was suspended until all of them had kissed his hand. Pablo was looking at me incredulously, as if I'd told him the story, and he found it hard to believe.
I was laughing; to me it all seemed totally ridiculous, almost unreal. Me, the son of the son of an atheist, who'd never had to even show respect for morning assembly let alone a vicar or a church. If anything I was taught to mistrust anything to do with religion. I had to laugh. I asked him if it was still common practice and he assured me that times had changed.
'If I catch my little kid doing it I'll kick him in the pants.'
Then he got on to what had started his anecdote. He'd been packing up his stall when out of a side street had poured a group of schoolgirls, more or less two-by-two, as he put it 'shepherded by a flock of nuns'. The scene had reminded him of his Catholic upbringing, of incense and processions, guilt and love and a million other images and concepts that he had tried to disassociate himself from over the years. What had really disturbed him was that, despite his own efforts to deny this indoctrination, it obviously still continued. We started to cite cases: the good conservative Catholic, the product of Franco's reactionary Spain; the fanatical Palestinian, fed on Islam and injustice; the money grabbing, church-going American, with dream home and dentures; the clear-sighted, joyless, dedicated socialists. All of us the sum of our environments, bearers of parent-induced crosses, political1y designed aspirations. Give me the child at seven and I will give you the man, which doesn't say much for the man. The pity is that these different educations simply set man against man. A good Muslim boy who follows his father's advice must necessarily disagree with the obedient Jew, the orthodox communist.
We stopped for a while and drank beer in silence. We both knew that there were two or three huge issues rearing their heads in this time-worn and typical conversation. Philosophy, morality, infinity and so on. But they need reflection, such grand topics, and we decided to leave it for the time being. Also what my friend had said about 'cojones' was still troubling me, and seemed somehow tied in.
In religion there is a certain complacency, a lack of urgency, a feeling that all is going according to plan.  The goal is not temporal but spiritual; the emphasis is eternal, not finite. And our life here, our society, is often seen as no more than a stepping stone to something better. And that would be fine given a different world, a world where no change was necessary, no effort required, no injustice witnessed. Fine in a world where a man could do nothing.
Salvador, the central American beaten by the police:
'You gotta have hope man, yeah, when a man loses hope he's lost everything, he may as well die.'
Hope is for the living, and the dead can look after themselves.

Around three o'clock I wander off to sit on the sea wall and eat the sandwiches that Loli, the Boss's wife kindly gives me every day. She's a strange and fascinating woman full of superstitions and generosity. I found out at an early stage that it would be virtually impossible to hold a conversation with her - I'm always trying to be so logical and understanding and she comes back with the oddest beliefs, beliefs that invariably involve an act of kindness on her part. She talks of the soul a lot. I remember when she tried to read my palm for the first, and last, time. She started by explaining the theory, which line represented such and such an aspect of my destiny. But when she saw the look of disbelief and amusement on my face she refused to go on. 
'If you don't put a little soul in it you'll never even start to believe.'
I don't even start to understand, Loli, believe me.

Some children are playing on the huge dissolving sugar lumps they've tossed in to the sea here to make it less bitter, screaming and diving in the cloudy water. The wind has almost dropped away entirely and only the slightest whisper of a breeze reminds my forearms and forehead that the wind forever blows off this endless sea. I go back over what Pablo said last night. Yes, it's alright, but as it has all been said before it leaves me feeling that there must be more to it. I suppose it's different for him, coming from Catholic Spain where the faith still unites the majority of the population. He probably has too much contact with it, the churches and holy days, his parents and friends, his own memories. For me it's something else. At home the churches are converted into discotheques and there are fights outside on a Saturday night. I used to play football between the gravestones and practise junior sex in the chapel doorway. Religion to me smacks of things long dead, like 'thou' and bustles and the vicars themselves. The problem is not how to rid myself of something in which I simply can't believe anymore, rather what to put in its place. If, as I suspect, religion is a pair of blinkers, what is it that we are not advised to see for ourselves? With what can we fill the vacuum - assuming it needs to be filled? Or is it that religion on a personal level is fine, as the man on the T.V. used to say 'and may your god go with you', and that it's only the Church that claims so much power? Does it really matter if you believe in purgatory, reincarnation or dust? Isn't the real criminal this pedagogic body, that missionary, the crusader? The readiness to shed heathen blood? The eternal indoctrination of children? The politics of religion?
I watch the boys swimming and finish my sandwiches. And I think to myself what a bloody serious topic it all is, and how I could do with a drink, a bit of music, and maybe even a dance. That's why it's so hard to get anywhere with these philosophical bits, you arrive at a point where the only thing that occurs to you is to have a cigarette and then hunt out a toilet. So you put it to one side like your mother's knitting, untidy and unfinished, and promise to go back to it when you can. And the impression it gives you is that it will always be like that, that no matter how much you think about it, talk and shout about it, it will forever be unfinished. Yet you return and return to these stabs that give you the desire or the need to revisit the serious issues - the idle conversations that suddenly catch you with their unseen burrs, the unexpected street scenes, the uncanny unwinding of events, dream sequences. Once you've cast on it's knit one, pearl one, until you've cast off. And as I think that the sun is engulfed by a high riding cloud and I begin to laugh. Writers and film directors OK, but that the uncaring tall blue sky should dabble in symbolism is just too much. I trot back to the ponies and trains giggling like a child.

And the dead can look after themselves. Can you, my love, wherever you are? Yes, she's dead and will never return, I know that in the bar, at the bus stop, climbing the stairs to Pablo's place. But in my dreams she never died, she simply went away. And so often she's come back to me among tears and surprise that I now dream I tell her I used to dream of how she came back, but that in the clear morning light I used to dismiss it all as a dream. We are the dead, of course, and the unborn, caught between womb and coffin, walking receptacles of life. And this phantom called life, this fleeting dream is the only thing we have in common. Life and the absence of it. If we are to communicate at all, let death be the starting point. Not life after death, but death after life, our lives, that which separates me from Linda, that which unites me and you. And let the dead revisit us in our dreams lest we forget.
Against the faded sky, framed by its distant pastel blue and spring yellow brightness they pass. Serene and even, the humming of the generator reflecting the rhythm of their movements as the trains and racing cars and spaceships good naturedly amble round and round. Some children sit grim-faced, tightly gripping the sides of whatever wagon they've chosen, eyes fixed on a point just in front of them. Others shout and wave at their parents every time they pass them. The sun is high up on the roof of the sky and the wind tugs at everything, pestering like a toddler and making the whole scene flap as if land and sea were no more than a flag in a stiff breeze. And there's something in the air today, a thrilling, quivering feeling that is familiar and is trying to remind me of another time.

 It doesn't come to me and I leave it. 
The ride is about to begin again and I go round collecting the usual plastic coupons. It's an absurd idea but the Boss insists on it as it's usual practice at the bigger fairs. Instead of simply collecting the money, I sell plastic chips which I later collect back in. When there are only four children on the ride I feel a bit ridiculous. Still, the children seem to like the idea and officiously thrust the coupons at me. Some parents don't give them to their kids and hand them back to me over their son's heads. Quietly, without fuss or hesitation, they start off again on the trip that never goes anywhere but round and round and round. Yet they come, year after year, a constant swarm of infants who long to fly a fighter plane or sail a ship, who don't care if they end up where they started from as long as they have the ride. And when it's over and they have to go, they cling on and kick and scream and it usually finishes in tears. But they go on doing it on the octopus or helter-skelter, interested only in the sheer fun of doing it. It will always be like that, I think.
Then it comes back to me like a blow in the back, and the noise of the machinery seems to leap into my stomach and suddenly, like a scene change in a film, I'm back on top of the rock, and below me I can see the gulls glide and below that the slap and groan of the bloated sea. The air wet and salty like an echo of that sea. And in me too, strong currents and rocks and crashing waves. For two months her death had raged in me, and taken all sound and sight out of life. Between being alone and feeling dead I had to sign papers and eat and meet people and wash and sleep and get up and a million other mundanities that had lost all meaning. Whisky and sleeping pills and stare at the floor or the ceiling, hardly even thinking, just dying. To avoid people I knew but could no longer know I came here, to the sea, out of season, looking for tranquillity and a moment of peace, but the oppressive numbness came too. Then here, on this very rock, it came to me that I might as well stop. No, I wasn't contemplating jumping into that swollen mass, I had no intention of leaping into the emptiness of it all, I simply tried to decide if I would or not kill myself, how or when was not important or urgent. An end to this stupid endless pain, this pathetic incurable hopelessness, this suffering. And then the air and the rock and the waves began to thrill in me, and behind me the country held its high tense note and I thought: this decision will be my full stop. Wind in my hair, salt on my lips and an end to my expression, my memory, my knowledge and my ignorance. Dead.
Yes, I let the cries yell No!
I rebelled and pushed that decision away from me and I chose to live. I could not embrace the defeatist and ice-cold position of death, and I stepped back from the edge of the rock although I had never intended to jump, because I wanted to make a gesture. With no one to see me except myself I took one symbolic step back and the air still rang. And death receded.
Those of us who are not suicides it is because we have accepted life, have agreed to live, and as I come back to the children and the fair I think of Salvador and his cojones and I'm sure I know what it is. Still, I'll leave it for now because the memory has exhausted me. Maybe I've been dwelling too much on Linda lately, but then she's so tied up with everything that I have to. For now, back to work.



The bumper cars are the most popular with their flashing lights and bright rhythmic music. Gliding in ballet-like squirls and wiggles they crash: into one another, against the painted wooden blocks at the side or the unused or unusable cars parked at the bottom. Children, especially girl children who seem to have looser throats, scream at each bump, toss their heads back and spin the wheel. Some cool characters take it alone and plan devilish raids on the young or gigglish, they seem skilled and lethal and always on their own. Around the sides stand the various onlookers; anxious mothers, proud teenagers, eager infants. But it's a small arena and has no need for young cocksure gypsies leaping from car to car aware that everyone is watching them. Only Antonio is needed to give out the plastic yellow discs that mysteriously put the teddy boy shoes into action, and to change the music tapes. He sits in his little cabin looking down on the crazy multi-coloured scene and is as sombre as an overcast day. The priest at an orgy or the drunk at a spiritual meeting he looks totally out of place. And yet he isn't, of course. At the larger fairs, with whom we sometimes used to join forces, the wilder rides are invariably run by these dour faced types. 'Two euros' they grunt at the ecstatic crowd pressing to get the front row on the big dipper as if the sight of so many people enjoying themselves day after day was enough to turn you to stone.
Before I began to understand Antonio I used to try to have conversations with him, used to try to get him to say something back. He rarely did and I considered him to be a miserable bastard for quite a time. To general questions like 'How's it going?' or 'How are you feeling?' he'd not even reply, simply look at me as if to say 'Oh shut up!' I left him to it and judged him as anti-social. I spoke to Paco about him and he told me not to worry about it -  that Antonio was a silent type, but that there was a lot more to him than met the eye.
Still water. I decided not to force the issue, to let him speak to me if he wanted to.

It came unexpectedly and left me almost speechless. I was sitting on a kerb looking up at the side of a white-washed wall. Nailed to it were various wooden bird cages, some housing mad little birds that hopped incessantly from one perch to another, almost as prisoners pace their cells. Some brightly coloured larger birds pecked morosely at their food or stared out at the blue sky. There was also a fat quail, in a ridiculously small cage, whose exercise consisted of jerking its neck up and down - it had no room for more. Strangely though, a scattering of intricate yet simple music floated off the wall deepening the air. It was at once perverse and beautiful. I sat there squinting at the intensely bright wall involved in the cross-harmonies of their calls, when a voice said 
'We cage them because we are jealous of their liberty.'
 He stood directly behind me and I had to twist round to see him. He was staring at the wall, towering above me, motionless.
 'I'm convinced of it'
 he added 
 'Jealous of their ability to fly, us being earthbound.'
'It's a thought'
 I replied, or something like that. I was too taken aback to respond. I was aware that whatever I might say would sound either glib or daft - so I said nothing. I turned to the wall again and the notes zig-zagged, rebounding off the light-struck wall. The nervousness of their actions seemed to echo the staccato jagged edged rhythms as they popped and perched and pecked, bundles of musical pipes loosening off their incessant cries to the world. The jail birds sing despite themselves. And I remember another night in another country with Linda alive and warm at my side, walking down the bleak road that skirts the prison, well-lit and windscoured and treeless. And through the ever present grumbling of the traffic came soft waves of a choir of men's voices, vague but reassuring as we crept guiltily below the towering wall, silent and songless in our freedom.

Since then we've had quite a few conversations, although they're slow and based heavily on long silences. I realise now that he's only interested in enigmas, or subtleties of behaviour or paradoxes, and that his shyness and his lack of interest inhibits him in a social sense. I've never heard him talk of the weather, or himself, or make a joke, or gossip. It's as if he censors his thoughts before passing them to speech, and is not an easy man to please. Say what you mean and mean what you say taken to its furthest limit. Melancholic, humourless, sincere, hushed, a rain cloud of a man who suddenly bursts and spatters rain, refreshing and without menace. Then somewhere the wind changes and he floats off, brooding, shadowy. Yet there he sits, like a dud bulb among the frenzied lights that chase each other across the caravan windows, up and down the roof supports and round and round the square. Every so often when a car gets stuck or breaks down or hurls its treasure of yellow plastic coins across the floor after a particularly nasty collision, Antonio has to abandon his look-out post and put things to rights. Then you will see a short, stocky, slow moving yet obviously powerful man, with an expressionless face and eyes that seem only to have a surface and no depth. And if the teenagers get rowdy and aggressive Antonio will restore order without voice, without threat, without speed. Return to his seat, put on some disco double beat, rebegin the thought processes and not a word to anyone. He's the sort of man that would have been a poet, if poetry wasn't so tied up with business, a subject that bores him. As it is, his interest in life finds expression only in these slow thoughtful conversations where he seems like a man walking in the dark, his hand cupped protectively in front of a candle. Candles, cojones, something worth guarding.


Inland, where the sea is always as distant as a summer holiday, and as romantically remembered, people suffer under the blow of summer suns. They walk from shade to shade, drooping like the stunned plants. Rivers and swimming pools and fountains become the nerve points of a cracked and dusty season. Breeze, whose very name contains coolness, requires a new sound here, it is the blast of an oven door continually being opened, a summer braze. This is a land for winter, for clean washed January light and sudden squalls out of the mountains. Summer kills it, dries it and blows it away, and for those who stay the dampened courtyard or the siesta is the only irrigation. The sea laps at their thoughts and spreads out its benevolent wavelets before them, blue and smooth as her eyes, and as shallow, as deep! Tall glasses crammed with ice and always behind, in front, so you feel like an island, the cool, cool, cool crystal sea.
Here on the coast we remember that sea, its moods and expressions. Swallows fishermen and spits out fish, grieves and mourns then attacks with a ferocity that shakes the walls of the town, hissing and hurling waves. Or calm, thoughtful, a kaleidoscope of currents and textures, one long finger meditatively doodling in the sand. Now, in its new summer frock it fans us lightly, and for a while is at rest; a lull.
Today bright and blue-yellow, with a breeze that deserves its name, a day in which nothing has to happen, it is enough in itself, its existence justified by its existence.
In the park the light trickles through the trees and sprinkles onto the ground as light escapes from the water in a quiet cove. Under them, dressed in spring, people are splashed and feel refreshed. They sit outside the cafés or play noisily with each other amongst the bushes. A gypsy family is begging half-heartedly, a Moroccan is smoking joints with some Italian hippies, a group of teenage girls flirt on one of the benches, an elderly couple walk together in silence carrying books. Pablo turns up with a bottle of beer and is as full as ever, giving me the impression he always gives me; that today is new and interesting and well worth a bash.
In one corner of the park, hidden at the foot of a tall wall, we come to the zoo. It is small and dirty and smells so strongly in that salted air that the sensation is almost visual. Shit and litter and scraps of dry food make the floor as you peer through the mesh into that rank darkness. There are birds like chickens, only brighter or more beautiful, and some are pigeons, but sleeker, more musical. A fox paces its coop with a hunted air, as if it hasn't realised yet that it's been caught. A variety of beasts lounge or fidget in a pale night, examine or ignore the passers by. And terrific, stupefying, the eagle on its perch, motionless, a poem of space and height in the yellow pages of a dirty book. It fixes its eye on you and you feel fear as you sense the violence of its revenge. Outside the monkey house children and adults point and laugh, and the monkeys inside, nervous and excited, look back much as I imagine criminals must have done when they used to take them through the streets in chains. And Loli's there, too, the Boss's wife, feeding them peanuts and crisps.
'Feeding the prisoners.'
Pablo greeted her.
'Poor things,'
she replied, naturally. 
'I feel so sorry for them, they could at least keep it a bit cleaner for them, couldn't they? Or give them some clean water, look at it,' 
and her face convulsed to show her disgust 
'and all those horrible little kids poking fun at them, still, I suppose that can't be helped, kids are like that.' 
She continued feeding them, as she did most days, and the monkeys would return to her again and again. She had even taught them a few little tricks, and they would stroke her finger or blow her a kiss before they got their reward. She loved them, she said, and thought it was cruel that they should be treated with such disrespect, and although she knew they didn't have souls, she sometimes thought that they might have the monkey equivalent they looked so depressed.
'Christ!'
shouted Pablo, shaking his head, 
'Let's get out of here.'
And started to walk off. Children were playing on the swings and I had the day off; the monkeys would be there tomorrow.


Later that night, up in Pablo's attic flat, we drifted back to that cage, and Pablo said, not definitively, but testily, like a proposition 
'That must be the worst way to die, I think, in captivity.' 
A hundred other cruel deaths occurred to me and I put it in doubt.
'Ok, Ok,'
he continued, 
'we all know that being tortured is the worst, we found that out as children, but I mean apart from that fascination with the violence side I think I'd prefer to drown or be run over or get an odd disease or something, at least you've only fate to moan at, and really there's no point in that. You could at least drown on holiday after a good night out, or crash your motorbike or whatever, but free, fulfilling yourself, I don't know, living. In jail, fuck, it's like existence for the hell of it; eat shit and sleep. You could probably stand a few years, but to die there?'
 I reminded him then of what Loli had said
'I can't understand how they can do it; they look so ugly and miserable when they're locked up. They can't help it if they happen to have longer beaks or finer fur, can they? I reckon that those that lock things up is because they've got something caged up in themselves,' 
and although she didn't say what it was, she gave us to understand that it would be something like love, or compassion, or understanding.
Out under that night sky a thousand souls were suffering, and as many Lolis were trying to push nuts through the bars, and thankfully, cutting clearly through the caressing air came the sound of clapping and singing and laughter.
'You could be right,'
 I said.



'When a sigh dies, it floats up to the sky, when a tear dies, it runs to the sea, but, oh tell me, where does a love go when it dies?' 
That was Loli taking aim at the shooting gallery, Paco not listening as he stared vaguely out to sea chewing a toothpick. She handled the gun like an expert, seemed to hold it lightly like a toy but rarely missed a prize.
She peered down the sights distrustfully, shifted her elbows a little and fired. The tin soldier pinged and fell, and she smiled to herself. She knew all the guns and their inaccuracies, where exactly to hit the target to make it drop. Paco knew, too, and paid little attention as she picked and loaded the next rifle. Loli looked up at him quizzically, and he felt her eyes on his, lining him up. He turned to her and raised his eyebrows. 
'Well it must go somewhere'
she stated simply. Paco shrugged, non-committal.
'It's the same when someone dies' 
she continued, 
'he's got to go somewhere, because his soul can't just cease to exist, can it? When you see someone who's dying, and they're still there, well, they're warm, aren't they, and alive, but then, when they're dead, they go cold and still and you know they're not here anymore, they've gone, and if they've gone, they must have gone somewhere.' 
Paco looked as if nothing on earth could get him to speak about what she was now referring to. He took out the toothpick and flicked it over the counter. Loli shot a jolly wench off her perch. I carried on with my foreign newspaper in case she thought of asking my opinion, but she seemed to have forgotten I was there. Despite the lack of response she warmed to her subject as she practised.
'When a baby's born, he comes from nowhere, he just isn't there, you know. Then he grows and develops and lives inside you and then he comes out and he's one of us, with his own character and ... from nowhere. Then he grows up and is like you and me, then, like I just said, he dies and goes to heaven. Maybe he came from heaven. I, well, love's not exactly like that because it doesn't ...  it's not like us, although it lives and grows and dies. It came from nowhere, that is somewhere, and when it dies it goes somewhere too. It must do, because love is sacred and eternal, like life.' 
She stopped and looked hard at Paco. He shrugged and raised his eyebrows again.  
'Huh!'
she snorted and walked off. I sneaked a glance at Paco and he winked, 
'never had any kids'
he declared by way of explanation and disappeared round the back of the gallery.
I don't know what had started her off in the first place, all that nonsense about sighs and tears; it certainly wasn't anything that Paco had done or said. I suppose, like her little speech later, she doesn't need a context, it all pours out of herself quite naturally, without a logical starting point. I folded away the paper I wasn't even reading and strolled over to the balustrade that runs along the car park overlooking the sea. I too had believed in the sanctity and everlasting nature of love, our love, that which kept us together and gave us a joint purpose, a dual goal. I used to think that without her I wouldn't be able to carry on living, that a life lived in the darkness of her absence would be intolerable, pointless, too sad to bear. Too lonely to bear. If mankind had or not a future, whether there was or is or will never be a vast universal scheme of things made little difference to us. We had no need for such things; our love was the means and the end, the fuel and the motor of our existence. And with that fucking incredible chicken lorry I felt it all come tumbling down until I was left with nothing but debris and ruins. Then I looked at all the thousands of broken pieces of our life and love and could not put them back together again, could not even re-imagine the whole. As I look out across the endless sea, cut abruptly at the edge of the endless sky, I see images of sandcastles being washed flat, cloud formations breaking up, bubbles bursting, echoes dying and I ask: Is all creation no more than a teetering tower of children's bricks? I imagine if I asked Paco that he'd shrug and spit out his toothpick, pick up his rod and saunter off, whistling. It seems he doesn't see things like that at all. Pah! So why should I? I'd be better off getting myself a coffee and a chocolate doughnut, they may not last forever, but at least they taste good. There's something about a dream not coming true that leaves a bitterness in the mouth.
I bumped into Paco on my way to the café so I invited him to a coffee. It's great to go anywhere with him, he's so full of life and seems to know just about everybody in the town. As we walk along I feel like his son or younger brother as he greets people with a shout and a slap on the back, or breaks into some sea shanty (I imagine they're sea shanties as I've never heard them before. It's possible, though, that they're rugby songs because I hardly understand a word), and I sheepishly tag along, over-shadowed by this monument to sociability and happiness. He took me to a small bar hidden away under one of the arches near the market. I'd never been there before but that didn't surprise me, there must be more bars in this town than all the banks and churches put together. A couple of middle-aged men who had been standing in the doorway stood aside to let us in with a grunt of a welcome. The slot machine gave us a better reception and burst into a vaguely recognisable tune as we approached the bar. Everybody turned to stare at us, as they always do here, and I watched Paco scan the room for a familiar face. The barman was playing dice with another customer and made no move to serve us. 
'Two white coffees'
bellowed Paco and, as an after thought 
'When you can.'
We were in no hurry. Still talking to the other customer the barman began to prepare the coffees - he'd hardly given us a second glance. Paco smoothed down the few hairs of his practically bald head and started humming himself another song.
It was a gloomy, ill-lit place, dominated by the bar, with a few tables and chairs against the opposite wall and a pool table at the far end, over which hung a naked light bulb. It was about half-full, and everybody seemed quite relaxed, but the noise was incredible. Apart from the incessant fruit machine, with its ditties and whoopers and spitting sounds, there was the clack of the dice game, the coughing and shuffling of the old men as they argued about whatever it is they argue about. The coffee machine screamed as it heated the milk, the young boys at the pool table giggled and shouted and clapped as they played and by my side Paco was well into the fifth verse of his song. I wondered why they had the TV off.  Above the bar, between the bull fighting posters and the Coca Cola adverts I read a sign which said that it was prohibited to sing. It struck me as odd that in such a town singing, the local habit, should be frowned upon in the bars. And Paco by my side singing! I nudged him and pointed to the sign just as the barman brought us our coffees. He wiped his hands on his shirt and followed my eyes 'Bad singing' he explained and winked at Paco, who, encouraged, took a deeper breath and sang the chorus with passion. The pool players applauded and the barman returned to his game.
I watched a cockroach crawl across the tiles above the coffee machine and disappear behind the cups and saucers stacked on top. Paco started up a conversation with a couple of the old men seated at the table, and try as I might I couldn't pick up what they were saying. Strange expressions that I could translate but not understand, a slurring of words that took me minutes to decipher, and straightforward sentences that they seemed to accept but to me sounded out of place and disconnected. Sometimes they'd nod at me or ask if I agreed and I'd smile or shrug or laugh depending on their mood. It's sometimes a strange feeling to be a foreigner. There are so many things you misunderstand or miss altogether, and not only in the spoken sense. There are gestures and mannerisms to learn, customs to appreciate, symbols to have explained. And you know that however long you live, however many languages you learn, there is always somewhere you are a foreigner, an outsider. Always something you don't quite catch.
The coffee cups were pushed aside to attract the flies and Paco suggested we went elsewhere for a cognac. Down by the market it reeked of fish, and you could see their squidged bodies lying in dirty pools between the cobblestones. There weren't many people about, it being siesta time, and we walked slowly along the narrow streets under the plant draped balconies. Every so often Paco would point out his aunt's house or a good bar or cheap barber's, much as a tourist guide would point out the birth place of some famous composer or an ancient building erected by nuns. He was patient with me and forgave me my deliberate speech. Most of the time, in fact, I'd resort to gestures as he seemed to appreciate them more. Anyway, he seemed quite happy to have me along as his audience, and told me that having been a seaman for years he understood the communication problem.
On a corner of one of the squares we found another bar, this time a more modern conception with smoked glass and swing doors. Undaunted, we swept in. Again the wall of noise. There was a background of radio music punctuated by the inevitable slot machines, at least three in this larger bar. Here everything was more spacious, brighter, cleaner. There were women and children and even the odd dog despite the signs. Behind the bar four waiters worked almost non-stop supplying coffees and chocolate drinks and milk shakes and cakes and biscuits and beers and rolls and crisps and ice creams and gin-tonic. And cognacs. A gypsy girl and boy were begging in their usual arrogant, pestering, effective way. A young man was helping a child play the fruit machine (again, regardless of the signs and pictures forbidding it). Spoons on saucers, coins on the bar, a wriggling mass of human voices, waiters practised calls, the door opening and shutting onto the square like fingers blocking and unblocking your ears. Women with hair piled up high on their heads sucked and puffed at cigarettes and squinted along the bar at each other through enormous glasses. Men roared at each other and jiggled the coins in their pockets, or watched the young girls as they passed the tinted windows. Children under your feet, screaming, squealing, sulking, staring. Students hunched over black coffee, businessmen with decaffeinated drinks that came in sachets, blow dried youths with a gin or a whisky or a Coca Cola. People brushed past you, apologised, smiled, jostled you again, blew smoke over you, spilt your drink, invited you to another, passed it to you, nipped in front of you as you went to the toilet. Life, teeming and rowdy and relaxed and simple, as mundane and natural as the need for a drink.
An ex-Legionnaire spotted my foreign accent and decided to impress me with his juggling tricks and magical ability, and in so doing show off his tattoos. He could make a coin disappear and then, with a flick of his elbow, toss it up and catch it behind his back. He must have had four or five tricks which he repeated slowly, methodically, never saying a word. Paco and those near enough to see sighed and laughed so I copied them, unsure whether to clap or leave. I haven't had much contact with Legionnaires but they always give me the impression that they're warriors on leave. One night coming back from Melilla on the ferry I'd met a couple of them, all of sixteen years-old, out-doing each other in their accounts of suffering, preparing themselves to kill by lifting rocks without their shirts on or running across the desert with full pack and trench coats. Not old enough to marry or bugger, they'd volunteered for a life of sweat, pain and manliness. We listened to them, sensing the sickly sweet edge of fear contained in their tough immature voices. In their uniforms they seemed as out-of-place among the passengers as the brightly-lit ship in that sombre darkness of night and sea. We shook hands as we departed and I remember thinking 'these hands are trained to kill'. The fighter turned magician saluted and left us in peace and it served as a cue for us to leave.
We stepped into the square. On the benches that surround it sat lovers and mothers and pensioners. Palm trees, oleander, bougainvillea, orange and lemon trees. A fountain trickling in the middle covered in pigeons. The cognac was having its affect and I saw everything in pieces, in movie shots. A ball rolled in front of us chased by a group of children who seemed always about to fall over in their ecstatic haste. Somebody said hello so we responded - it could have been anybody, a friend of a friend, a customer, a waiter, a bus driver. As we left the square a group of young men approached us. They were dressed in tight jeans, sports shoes, denim jackets, T-shirts. There were about four of them and as many dogs Dobermans and Alsatians held by short leather leads or choke chains. One of them was darker, with sideburns and a moustache - a gypsy. Unconsciously my stomach shrank and I swallowed.
Still this fear! I glanced at Paco who appeared as relaxed as ever. They stopped us and asked if we had a cigarette paper. Paco shook his head. A cigarette, American? 'Si hombre!' he yelled and offered them a couple. They smiled, thanked us and carried on. It's me, you see, me and my northern habits. I saw them coming and I tensed up, and I should have known, there is no threat. They're young, wild, interested in drugs and dogs and petty theft, but they are not aggressive. Paco was whistling by my side and the youth went back to beg a paper off somebody. Nobody would bother them as they drank their beers and smoked a joint in the square. They could sing and shout, too, nobody would complain or call the police. And I thought to myself, would I have given them a cigarette, or would I have pretended that I didn't smoke and hurried on with my head down and heart pounding? I was glad to be with Paco then, and invited him to a drink. Needless to say he accepted and we wandered through the streets waiting for a bar to catch our attention.
As we walked he told me tales of the sea, of ports he'd been to and women he'd had (whores all of them, admittedly, but women too). He talked of Loli a little too, how kind she was, but how mad as well, always gibbering on about destiny and mysteries and nonsense like that. 'She'd believe anything, that one. Like in the old days when the doctor would convince you he was right and that you needed a good bleeding! She'd've swallowed it, alright'. He had his theory, already expounded that morning, that she was really a thwarted mother. And he an ex-sailor, and me ...? Easy talk, talk designed for bar-hopping, letting language and ideas play with each other lightly, avoiding profundities without realising that they've already slipped out unnoticed. We had a gin each in a bodega, much to the owner's horror, he'd really wanted us to try his wines, but after coffee and cognac only a gin will do. 
Heading back to the fair we strolled along the shopping mall where the beggars congregate and I suppose I ought to have guessed that Paco'd know most of them. One cross-eyed man with a twisted leg waved to us and Paco slapped him on the back. They talked a while about nothing in particular while I, child like, looked on in amazement. He knew the gypsy mother too and gave her a small coin for the baby. And on he sailed, cutting through the crowds who now swarmed the evening streets, singing, greeting, laughing, winking at girls, telling stories, putting his arm around me and whispering obscenities in an undercurrent voice. At home, fearless and as free as he needed to feel he would have been an oddity elsewhere, but here he was simply Paco, the one who runs the shooting gallery.
By the time we got back it was past six o'clock and the Boss was looking for us, fretting and wiping his nose with his thumb and forefinger. A group of children stood near the merry-go-round and we had to hurry to get everything started up. The Boss didn't say anything but the look in his eyes was enough. He straggled back to his post; a kind of raffle with numbers and pieces of card and the usual prizes of teddies, table tennis bats, torches. Antonio was already working quietly and Loli'd be about somewhere preparing hot-dogs or more raffle cards. The first kids scrambled onto their favourite vehicles as I eased off the brake, and gradually we picked up speed. I watched them spin round me for a while, and I'm not sure if it was the brandy, or the inevitably impressive sunset, or their open-mouthed enthusiasm, but I felt optimistic; for me or them or something else I couldn't say, but I felt hopeful.
Vague, I know, but it was that simple, that impossible to explain.


It's all been said before. New days dawn and the choice remains the same. History shows it, look around you and you can see it: the future will bring no change. Humanity, History, Progress - we've heard those words so often but these bloody times persist. For the child to become a man how many mistakes, dreams, illusions? And finally that awful decision, that declaration of war. We are not new men, the end of a logical sentence, the righteous judges of our fathers' wrongs. We are old men, prehistoric men, children saddled with adulthood waiting to be falsely tried by those to come, those who can know no more, those whose blind turn will come. Old tricks relearnt, a new pack of cards complete with kings, jokers, low numbers. Humanity follows no straight line - it doodles.
'So what?' I hear. That mankind follows no route, strives for no goal, what does it matter? Cultures come and go, we learn, forget, rediscover - does it need to make sense?
I sit down on a low wall in the shade of a block of flats. Here on the edge of town the housing estates hum in the hazy heat. It is quiet; the thousand tiny sounds mere scratches on the surface of a deeper silence, and the light and shade and geometrical shapes make everything appear intensely clear cut. I run back over my thoughts and feel them shouted down by a million 'buts'. I imagine Paco's reaction, that of Loli or Pablo or Antonio. I imagine my own given a different day, another mood, a new start.
From behind the wall that runs round the modern church (a cross of girders) a boy appears. He shouts over his shoulder 'Go away, it's mine, I found it!' and a younger boy comes into view, keeping his distance but obviously following. The elder boy has something in his hand that fascinates him. 'Piss off' he yells to the younger one who quickly makes off, though he stops after about fifty metres and looks back, not daring to move closer, yet unwilling to go off alone. It's an insect, a large green cricket I think, and it's injured somewhere. The boy stretches its wings and sees that they seem to be in tact, so he hurls the cricket into the air. Hopelessly the wings flap, the insect draws a peak and falls to the ground. 'It flies!' screams the boy in delight and picks it up again. Once more the frenzied flight, the insect's frantic movements only slightly halting its fall, stalling its descent. Ants patrol the hard ground, sparrows sit on ledges and watch, and eventually the boy will tire of his new game. Another victim.
And having witnessed that, having felt death, or the hot blood of violence, seen the beggars outside the holy churches, soldiers flirting beside camouflaged trucks, old people fall in the street as the children laugh, I can feel it all clash inside me, a terrible cacophony of ideals and contrasts. Out past the town the mountains rise in asymmetrical beauty, but focussing we see the death struggle fought daily under its cruel shade - ants, lizards, birds of prey. A river runs out of those dry hills, splashing the rocks as if in sympathy, cascading down to the sea. But look closer and see the side pools where the brown water festers and collects rubbish. Or come in summer when there is no river at all, only a dusty track like a sad memory. My high spirits the other day with Paco, and this afternoon this chaos, this mental cul-de-sac.
Later I found Pablo and we went for a walk on the hills towards the back of town where the university buildings are. These are mostly 'modern' constructions, with flights of steps leading up to huge doors, hardly a curve in sight, with a symmetrical self-importance that is common in Halls of Learning. During the day the students swarm up and down those lofty steps, but at this time of night it is a place for stray cats and patrol cars. We sat down on a stone bench and watched the twilight come and go, the town below us like a boat anchored in the bay, the sea as always stretched out before us, vast and tireless, tipped up a little to touch the evening sky, reassuring and soothing. The first stars appeared and we had a short debate about their names - Pablo knows about as much star language as I do - a couple of constellations and the names of a few famous points of light: Pole, Dog, North. Pablo argued that the Pole Star was the same as the North Star. Maybe. Or perhaps we were looking at satellites or planets. It had been so long since I'd stared up at them in such detail, so many nights drowned in neon, that I felt like a novice. Yet I know a lot about it all, really. Light years and black holes had been diagrammatically explained to me on the T.V., I had once been given evidence for the Big Bang theory (something was always unconvincing about that one), and, of course, the adolescent notion of infinity lay up there too. These are vast topics, and it takes a big head to grasp such concepts as inverse infinity (into your cells and atoms and quarks and on ...). Or perhaps it's just a string of beads and it all rounds off quite nicely in the end. Theories like maggots in my mind and the cynic, sharp-tongued and insolent, asking if it really matters, if Shakespeare's chain of being ever held him back. So we are equal in our ignorance and are only sure of that, I'm thinking, when Pablo calls a halt. He smiles and lights a cigarette and tells me not to spend too much time up there with the celestial bodies. Here is where our lives are set. The sun has disappeared totally now and all its train of light, and as if a mask has fallen off the face of the sky the stars are uncovered in their millions. The campus sleeps.
Theologians live up here; you can catch glimpses of them every now and then at lighted windows, or pacing the quiet avenues of the faculty's grounds. Up here, away from the noise and meaty smells of the town, isolated, wrapped up in their academic pursuits, solid in their belief. And Pablo would ask them if this belief did not necessarily deny other possibilities, if an honest man could really worship the sun without accepting that the night must come, that unseen, beyond the brightness of the nearest star, the others also shone. A man cannot know why things can never end but do, why life is a miracle but cheap, why death is so far away and so inevitable. He must believe. Perhaps because his ignorance offends or depresses him, maybe just to keep his mind at rest so that he can concentrate on putting one foot in front of the other. The pity, the shame, is that what a man believes is too often what is nearest to hand. Strange that something as important and eternal as creed should be so casually acquired. Unacceptable that musing should leap to dogma, ignorance be ritualised and preached to children. Belief is a lie, it is self-deceit. It assumes an order of things then sets out to prove it to be true. So naturally it self-justifies, can be seen to be the right answer by its followers.
Because faith in love, or God, or the individual, or humanity is self-fulfilling, a common denominator that cannot be proven, simply trusted. Still it doesn't matter a euro if Loli's taught herself how to read the Tarot cards, or that Paco believes it's fish eat fish, or that Pablo hasn't any real idea, because there is no church of Loli, no Paco nation, no movement formed by Pablo. Quite simply we know we don't know.
Pins and needles soon bring you back to earth. We look at each other and begin to laugh. Why do we get involved in these conversations if they only ever lead us to zero again? I can feel the blood return to my numb leg, tingling pleasantly along towards the toes. I look up and the sky has resumed its flatness, is a lid again. I think we'll go and get drunk now, not raving mad, but pissed, sweaty, lustful, possibly have a bit of a hop in a smoke filled basement. Round and round and round we go.


The Boss has just been over to tell us its time for the spring clean - in exactly one month we will be joined by the big attractions for the annual fair and we need to be able to compete. The helter-skelter, octopus, big-dipper; lotteries, ghost-trains, chair rides, mad, twisting coiling rides full of swirling lights and fears. There will be bumper cars on vast surfaces that will make Antonio's arena seem like the service pool, games with darts, basket-balls, fishing rods, wooden skittles, hot dogs, beer, fried chicken, cheese rolls and popcorn. It is a fantastic spectacle, ten days of whirling machines bathed in multi-coloured light, slapped between great slices of music that each attraction belts out from huge speaker systems. And above everything, serene and majestic, the largest cog of all - La Noria - the big wheel. From there look down upon the scene, less menacing at that distance, on the jumble of lights, across into the park where the large tents are placed in neat rows or out onto the oil painting sea which seems to try and catch the colours in its waving arms. The whole town will come, to dance and spend and push and shout, out-matched only by the moths in their eagerness to feel the heat of the bulbs on their skin.
For me, though, it's work. Touch up the paintwork, wash the heavy canvas, a total mechanical overhaul, change dud lights, replace broken slots or dodgy joins - a hundred little jobs that tend to be left until this time of year through a mixture of laziness and economy. But it's something I enjoy doing, in theory at least. I'd hate to think that this ride, despite its insignificance, should be left to decline, to rot, to fade away, when with just a little care I can maintain it. By modern engineering standards I suppose its not up to much, but I sometimes wonder about those who first put it together, the men and women who designed and constructed it, and I think I'm glad they did. They may just as well not have done, but they did, and for that to die now through neglect would be to lose something, something that has given fun to thousands of children, and therefore to their parents too. It's simple, I know, and silly, and perhaps wouldn't even be missed at all, but I would feel the loss, and the guilt at having done nothing to avoid it.
At that point, just before concluding the last thought, almost driving it out completely, the air is perforated by cheap miniaturised electronic music, a mangled, hesitant pasodoble piercing the tight air in loud stabs.
Over by the park gates a gypsy woman is trying to stop the passers by, who in their turn try hard not to notice her presence. She's holding a cardboard box with a few coins inside, and this she shakes at them like a guilty conscience. But I still can't see where that awful row is coming from, it sounds like one of those organs people play in the shopping precincts, 'Jingle bells' or 'Michelle' plodding out in scale like simplicity. It cuts into your mind and jangles your nerves insistently, at once imposing and insulting, naked notes without rhythm, workaday and banal. It distracts you from your thoughts, from your actions even - Paco's grimacing over in his gallery and I can see the Boss frowning at the gypsy. As suddenly as it started it stops, leaving a silence that hangs for a few seconds in relief before letting the waves back, the birds and the traffic. Then we see it. It is ridiculous, an old pram frame with a loud speaker fixed on to it, a gypsy boy of about fourteen, a modern miniature organ in his hand, and a mess of dangling wires. I watch them wander off, followed by another gypsy boy of about six. They cross the street and disappear into the town. There is another, fainter burst of the same cracked tune, then nothing.
Having successfully strangled my thought process (it's the lack of continuity that troubles me) I turn to work to avoid facing a familiar feeling that is creeping over me. The stage-coach could do with new seat covers, with new seat covers, with new seat covers, yes the stage-coach could do with new seat covers, all on a summer's day.  Not far from the park, past the hotel and a residential block, following the coast, there is a small beach called La Cala del Sol. It's dirty, littered with broken glass and ice cream wrappers, and is used more as a harbour than as a suitable place for sun bathing. The water here is brown and sluggish and drains back slowly over the grimy sand like oil. In the middle of the tiny cove, the Balneario rots away, a tattered reminder of summers past and a splendour long since dead. It's a curious semi-circular building whose two extremes are built into the water itself, raised upon concrete stilts much like an English pier. It must once have been a beautiful sight, and it is easy to imagine hot July days with not a murmur from the palm trees that screen it from the town, elegant men and women taking the sun on the pagoda like balconies, or children playing between the pilings at low tide. A little off shore the gaily painted fishing boats still weave gentle patterns of motion which reflect the lazy undulating serenity of the scene. To this day it retains a derelict charm that makes it a favourite spot for the evening stroll, and of course the sunset, oblivious of man's comings and goings, never fails to impress.
But it is nonetheless a ruin. At night it is home to poor travellers, drunken sailors, stray dogs, lovers with no better place to go, youths with outlawed vices who find a sense of protection in its decaying darkness, lonely people who come to stare at the sea seeking solace or self-pity. Parties are held here sometimes and occasionally you can hear the sound of guitars and singing as they compete with the smell of piss and shit for control of your senses. Now and again the police turn up, clearly announcing their presence with a slamming of doors and a flashing of lights. Slowly they saunter along the by now empty beach or thrust torches into the rank smelling darkness of the balneario. Very rarely do they stop anyone - possibly a youth sound asleep in his sleeping bag or someone too drunk or indifferent to run off. Arrests are even fewer and confined to drug addicts or knife carriers. Two or three stabbings a year add to the atmosphere that surrounds the site. Every year the town pleads with the council to renovate the place, but nothing ever seems to get done.
Maybe they secretly like it as it is, maybe if it were turned into a respectable, well lit area people would cease to love it. It's possible that it stands as a reminder that what is daily taken for granted can so rapidly be lost, converted to ruins.
Pablo had come to find me at the fair and was helping shut up for the day when the rain started. We'd seen it out at sea, a grey smudged cloud on the horizon dripping back into the agitated waters like wet paint. A wind came off the ocean to warm us and the birds screeched and fluttered in the trees of the park, rising in shattered formations and settling again incessantly as if worried or excited by the coming storm. We pulled the tarpaulin tight and found a place to sit - Pablo astride a camel and myself squeezed into a fire engine. Outside rain drumming on taut cloth, rhythmic slaps of wind, tremendous coughs from the sea. Here a moist warm silence of breathing. We smoked and talked a little of loves and weather and the state of things, waiting for it to ease off, snug in our easy friendship and the humidity of our shelter. It reminded me of when I was a boy, how I'd sit in a cardboard box in the shed in the rain, my brothers and sisters or neighbours nearby, cosy and curled up, talking freely about any nonsense that occurred to me, happy and secure as the rain beat down. I was thinking of raindrops on roses, the soggy smell of damp dust, worms on the lawn and condensation when Pablo suggested we go to the Cala and watch the storm from there, we could get a bottle and stand on one of the balconies above the water and see the elements at work. He leant across and rang the bell of my fire engine, 
'Come on, if we stay here any longer we'll fall asleep. Let's go.'
We darted along the streets from doorway to doorway, hugging the walls and searching out the overhanging balconies. Still we were getting soaked and water dripped off our hair onto our faces, crept down our necks and into our shoes, searching and penetrating its way to our skin. We dashed along the wall of the army barracks, no shelter there, and dodging puddles and people with umbrellas we made it to the balneario, panting and dripping, as exhilarated as the weather. Darkness slipped over the town, dowsing the lights and noises of a usually active night, pulling heavy curtains across the open spaces of sky and sea. We picked our way through the debris until we reached the balcony at the extreme end of the balneario. It was open to the sea on three sides, the fourth side giving back into the main building, and although it had no wall or rail, it had stout pillars upon which sat a pointed roof like a Chinese hat. The tide was in and below us the sea eddied and swirled around the pilings the colour of ink. The lighthouse winked repeatedly from the barracks throwing a sickly light over the bay and the myriad boats which creaked and strained at their moorings.
Rain slashed down, thrusting at us as we hid below the roof clutching our beers and trying vainly to dry out a little. It seemed angry, this rain, but its wrath was lost on the sea where it fell silently, unnoticed, and lost too on the sand which sucked it up tolerantly, absorbing its sting. For this was not the true storm, it was merely the fringe of a greater tussle out at sea.
The waters of the bay were tempered too; sheltered by ancient walls and benevolent geography they echoed the storm we sensed further off, but could not claim its grand name.
I walked towards the edge of the balcony and looked down. Now, in retrospect, I see again that cliff face, the gulls far below, the vomiting mass of sea retching against the trembling land, her death, my faith or my cowardice, my ultimate fear of death. But it was not like that. Here I was in a new time, with Pablo behind me, marooned at the end of the world in an unexpected paradise waiting for the wind to drop and the Boss's cold to go away. Linda was far out at sea somewhere I imagine, wrapped up in her own time, doing without me as I have to do without her. This is not her story, it's ours. And this storm? Call it a heavy shower, there was no drama, no cracking of cheeks, only the dying sound of something distant. I stared into the veiled depths of night and sea and listened for that remote chaos, dim thunder muted by waves and wind, glimpses of lightening that taunt you in their brevity, but I felt it come no closer. Would it roll on past, skimming us by with no more than a soft splash, or would it coil up and whip out across the oceanic wastes to burst upon us with unprecedented violence? I know one day it will strike, drop out of blue skies to shatter my comfort and ease of mind. As it has done before, as it always will.
Not tonight though. Tonight it only scratches the surface, roars but does not pounce. I counted the seconds between the lightning and the thunder. Close, looming, threatening; but keeping its distance.
It was something Pablo said that made me fill this spring storm with symbolism, a symbolism as chaotic and confused as the turbulent waters squirming around the pilings.  Something he said which now stands alone, all connections lost. When I was young I used to ramble on to my brother at night - long, shifting conversations that would twist and u-turn from subject to subject. Sometimes we'd try to retrace the steps of our dialogue, unravel the knots of association that led to our final statements, but it was usually impossible, memory and logic failing to repeat themselves. So it was with Pablo. I'm left only with this one line. Where did it come from? What was the context? Why does it stand out, illuminated by the lighthouse and cracks of lightning? 'It depends who's side you're on', and I remember he shrugged at the same time, disappointed but resigned, as if it were something he'd rather not have said, or felt obliged to have said.


The T.V. babbled on from catch phrase to cliché and we sat and sucked it in for no particular reason - sombody'd switched it on and as yet nobody'd bothered to turn it off. We didn't speak much, the odd comment or request, and the hours slid by unnoticed, gradually warming up. The man with the unlikely moustache was up against it now; he'd had it coming to him for scenes. He seemed to be intent on getting his head blown off and had rubbed just about everybody up the wrong way. We saw Jess sneaking along the corridor, a mean character who hated double crossers more than anything in the world. The door kicked open and old whiskers without a hope in hell of making it to his gun on the bedside table. Jess grinned and ever so gently closed the door. His grin sharpened as he raised his revolver. 'Don't shoot!' pleaded his prey. 'Give me one good reason why I shouldn't' drawled Jess. There could be no reply, and Jess coolly splattered his brains across the hotel wall seconds before the adverts burst in bright and breezy. Pablo stood up and turned it off. 
'Time we went '
he declared, 
'I said we'd be there before two and the bus takes ages.'
We'd been invited to a 'matanza', a slaughter in the countryside. Apparently there'd be a couple of pigs and a lamb, and if we were lucky we'd get there a little late and avoid the actual killing. I wasn't exactly sure where we were going but Pablo'd been there a couple of times before and promised me that I'd enjoy it.
At the bus station relaxed chaos reigned, as always. There were whole families fretting about seat numbers and window seats. Some people had caged birds or huge cardboard boxes that they wouldn't allow the driver to put in the luggage compartment. Squaddies and young gypsy lads had already broken open the wine and were busy getting stoned. Nuns, school girls, pot-bellied labourers, even the odd tourist, all shouting and flapping and continually getting on and off the bus.  Eventually, about twenty minutes late, the driver started her up and we set off as an old lady rearranged the seating plan once more according to ticket numbers, asking at least four or five people to change places before she was satisfied. We sat near the back with the beer and clapping - the bus was only about half full and the hassle about seat numbers seemed more a point of principle than anything else.
The bus dropped us on the edge of town and wound off into the countryside. Pablo knew the way so I tried to follow him and walk by his side at the same time, something easier said than done. It was hot and dry and we didn't say much to each other. We didn't need to, as we both saw the same things and could tell by a look in the eye what each other was thinking.
As in most towns and cities here the outskirts are where the gypsies live. They are shanty towns, huts built of old doors and plastic sheeting, or shattered, broken shells of houses made habitable by some rotten furniture. Thin dogs scamper about with their heads bowed and donkeys and horses, hobbled of course, stagger around in the midday heat. Rough-haired children swagger and shout as their huge mothers look on. Patriarchs with symbolic sticks and obligatory side burns glare like old rams at us as we pass, proudly holding their heads high as if kings of their domain. Over towards the railway line two or three older kids have tied a piece of string to a small coloured bird's legs and are playing with it like a living kite. It flies and flaps statically at the end of its rope while the swifts and swallows tease it in their freedom. Here are the families of beggars, of cardboard collectors, rubbish sifters, shoe-shines, dope dealers, car robbers. Here is the home of flamenco - the grated voice, the incredible guitar, dancing, clapping, group expression. The children born to bonfires in the street, rags to wear in winter, the art of flamenco music in their veins, a tradition of dirty jobs to follow to be able to scrape up enough money to live. The poorest, least educated, most down-trodden, discriminated race in the country; the suppliers of the philosophy that penetrates society. We feel out of place, menaced even as we cut across their land. They all watch us, impassively and somehow silently, though there is noise and laughter and shouting. Before we cut in behind the wall of the hypermarket I look back towards the boys with the little bird - but they still haven't let it go.
Pablo glances at me and shrugs, and we press on.
We came to a small square and I was introduced to about twenty or thirty people, shaking hands with the men, two kisses on the cheeks for the women. We were told that there'd been a delay and that we'd all eat a little later than planned. Most of them strolled off to the local bars, but our fragile economic position led us to a litre of beer by the fountain. It was then that the pig lorry pulled up. Two formidable beasts banged about in the back, angry and demanding to be released. The two drivers of the truck got out and shook hands with a tall slightly greying man - the butcher. They let down the flap at the back of the lorry and the pigs scrambled out into the square. The idea was to herd them across to the slaughter house, but by now the pigs seemed to have sniffed their fate and began squalling and darting off in all directions. The three men showed no mercy. They grabbed a thick rope from the cab and cornered one of the pigs. The rope was slung under its forelegs and the beast was unceremoniously dragged off - by now furious and wild, but unable to escape. The same was done with the second one. The slaughter house door was slammed shut and a silence fell. 
'They know they're going to die,'
Pablo explained, 
'They already know what a knife is,'
and he cut his balls off with his hand. I was rapidly being put off the idea of a 'matanza', but, being a pork lover, I had to accept it. However, I was not prepared for the heart-chilling screams that suddenly came from the abattoir. High pitched, full of the fear and pity and agony of death it cut across the square as neatly as a butcher's knife, and as suddenly as it had started, it stopped. A few minutes passed by and that scream continued to start and stop in my memory. Then the doors were flung open, one of the carcasses was dragged out and heaved up onto a table. A fire was started on the ground and the butcher set about his job.
Within ten minutes the square was full of the smell of cooking pork and people were queuing up for a prime slice. Wine began to flow, meat was passed round and gradually the actual killing slipped into the past. It must have been about half an hour later when the butcher appeared with the lamb. He brought it out onto the square, with a bucket and a large knife. He stood over it, one leg on either side, and gently stroked the blade up and down its throat. It didn't flinch or make a sound, but stood there calmly, trustingly, looking from side to side. The butcher continued to stroke the blade up and down, up and down, staring out into the crowd of people who, with pork in hand, were to witness the killing. Somehow it all seemed a little perverse, sacrificial even, as the only man there with the balls to kill his own meat stared at us and death hovered over the unwitting lamb. Pointed end in the throat, a cut, a shudder, and hold the trembling creature over the bucket, blood spewing, spasms weakening until only a carcass remains.
Walking back to the bus stop we chew it over and there's only one conclusion; that there is nothing. That when Big Jess says 'Give me one good reason why I shouldn't' he knows there'll be no answer. Or if there is it'll only be a taking of sides, a stating of contrary belief. There can be no convincing argument, no last word. Philosophy knows no right or wrong, accepts no good or bad. The whole history of human thought is based on a void. There is no set morality, no scheme of things. There is an amoral abyss, and strive as we might for the ultimate reason, we'll fall back into that chasm. It is a taking of sides, this life, and we're all as right or wrong as the butcher, the gypsy kid who tied the string, the lamb, the man with the moustache. That was the nagging feeling I'd tried to avoid by slipping into a nonsense rhyme - that it doesn't matter one way or the other if we live or die, if we achieve something or not, if our plans are realised or cut short. We are 'but dross to the wind', insignificant and meaningless, and that is frightening. Because if I don't matter, if Linda was superfluous, then so are we all, and I shouldn't care a toss if I see the stacked skeletons of Jews, or the Vietnamese in flames, or the dead tortured body of a rebel student leader. I should shrug and say 'C'est la vie' and thank my lucky starts it wasn't me. The morality of stones.



Out on mid-ocean is no place for a man to be. Bareback, clinging fearfully to the mane, scudding slyly across Death's confident belly. The fishermen show it in their faces, sun-dried and salted, or let it out in their speech of cured flesh and fishbone. I sit on the balustrade and stare at the horizon, trying to prise it open with my gaze, to separate sea from sky and glimpse at what lies between. To my left the beach stretches and rolls over onto its back. The waves like flat wet flames flicker along the coast as I think of all the images I've had or seen or been given, of how they overlap or drain back from each other, and how I never coincide with anyone, not even myself. There is only land or sea or this chaotic ever-shifting coastline.
I can feel it all come tumbling down now, as it did when she died, a cascade of memories and dream sequences and half-remembered fantasies. There was a Greek man who knocked down and crushed a dragon fly to demonstrate his manliness ... I was a ghost on a train and I felt so calm and relaxed and amused because I was dead and knew no fear ... there were two quails in cages on another wall and one would sit still as if resigned to his fate and the other would peck and push and fight against it and I didn't know which one to admire ... the girl in white who I found in the mist and made love to on an altar ... Falling down around me I have no power to stop it. I am indifferent too in a vague way, neither conscious nor unaware, a mere observer levelling everything until life becomes a two-dimensional event at the edge of sight, empty and tiresome:  inhuman.
So the choice is made clear again. As we stand on the edge, and looked down into the abyss of amorality and death, and see nothing to stop us falling into its depths but the flimsy man-made bridges of religions, the decision is ours once more. We can plunge head-first into it all and be done with it, convert ourselves into dead flesh, join the eternity of matter, or chance it on one of those bridges that stretch into the distance, any one will do, they are perfectly safe. The other option is to turn back, to leave the gaping emptiness to itself and to wander back into town where life goes on as always, despite religion and philosophy, in well-structured chaos. If that chasm of universal indifference is the last word in logic, immorality, order, if all routes of reason can be traced back to nothingness, then what we are left with is a human debate in which human realities and points of reference suffice.  It is the heat within our living bodies that matters, that which inevitably will abandon us all, but for now is our common bond. Death, and the cold uncaring nature of time and space are our counterparts, not our enemies, and the balance, for once, is perfect.



A week or so before la feria was officially due to open we were joined by a much larger travelling fun fair.  Huge lorries dragging even bigger trailers arrived and were allotted their respective areas. As usual the rides requiring heavy machinery were all placed together at the other end of the car park, and the smaller ones, including most of the children's rides and the games of chance were situated near us. We found ourselves in the privileged position of forming the buffer between the amusements and the 'casetas', or pavilions. It was incredible to watch these monsters of fun go up. Teams of young men, mostly gypsies but with a liberal sprinkling of non-gypsies too, clambered over vast metal arms and up and down scaffolding until the skeletons of octopus, rockets, nameless disc-shaped constructions, dominated the scene. At this stage it looked horrific, something out of a science fiction novel, a cold alien city being built. Council officials were everywhere, measuring and checking, settling squabbles between owners, stopping this and starting that. The people from the town would come and watch, or forward a piece of advice, and would gladly have interfered more if it weren't for the fierce hungry dogs chained to nearly every caravan or truck. At the same time the 'casetas' were being fitted out and decorated. Some were imitation Andalusian houses, others Arab patios. There were false windows, fountains, beams, pot plants, galleries and arches. Chinese lanterns were strung up everywhere and finally each tent was covered in bright canvas.
Meanwhile the fun fair advanced. Comic strip characters began to clothe the naked girders, and thousands of light bulbs dotted every limb of the giants like coloured rain drops. Massive speakers were piled in front of every ride and stall without exception, and for days the testing of these powerful P.A.s carved up the air like a madman. There were test runs on all the rides too, and even the food was tried and analysed before the opening day.
For us it was a quiet time. We had no setting up to do and had repaired everything well before hand. Sometimes we could earn a little by lending a hand with the heavy labour, but mostly we moped about and looked for old familiar faces - sometimes to greet them and sometimes to avoid them. There was the couple that sold wine from an ancient stall they'd had in the family for generations.  It consisted of two huge dummies with comical faces that trod imaginary grapes, and the resulting wine flowed out into a trough from where it was served to the customers. Years ago it had been worked by hand but in recent years a generator had been installed and it was run mechanically. We also knew some of the caterers, and often ate with them at extremely low prices. Most famous of all were the notorious brothers who worked on the love-car, a circular train-like ride with hoods that covered the cars when the lights went off. Most years they would get themselves into trouble over something and both of them spent their time between prison and the amusements. They were big, short-tempered and cruel, and as far as possible were kept out of contact with the public. 
Ten days it would all last. Ten days and nights of virtually non-stop entertainment for the public and very little sleep for us. Still, to me, it was the best time of the year. It always impressed me that people should go to such lengths, employ such mechanical imagination, so that others could be silly. And although a lot of money changed hands, nobody could be said to have made a fortune - the running costs are too high. It pleased me to think that for ten days the townsfolk would come and dance and drink and frighten themselves to death for the pure joy of it. Children would dress up and gape and cry from over-excitement, demanding this and pleading for that. Their parents, perhaps infected by their children's behaviour, would indulge in every whim and have a go themselves. Later, with the long night well under way, the youngsters would come to pose and pick up a partner and try to enjoy themselves without getting too self-conscious. Old people out till seven in the morning wearing flamenco dress and with flowers in their hair. Policemen with hands in pockets and more than a little tipsy. It seemed the whole town at one point or another was bound to be there, after all, there was something for everyone. Anyway, it is well-known that those few who really cannot stand a crowd or noise have the good grace to stay away.
At midnight on Friday the mayor officially opens the fair by throwing the switch that lights up this temporary city. This is followed by a fireworks display over the bay of some twenty minutes' duration. Sometimes this is a shoddy affair, the rockets sent up in a seemingly haphazard way and creating very little effect. Other years it is like a visual symphony rising to a flashing crescendo. The crowd always oohs and aahs and it all finishes in applause either way.
Then the flood gates open and the whole area swarms with people. Here are all the types you could ever imagine, an endless stream of faces and bodies. It is humanity in its most harmless form and with one common goal - enjoyment. For a week or so the one reigning emotion is the joy of life; this is the celebration of the triumph of optimism, an acknowledgement of the intrinsic beauty of living.
After four or five o'clock in the morning I could afford to shut up for the night as very few children were still about at that time. If I felt strong enough I would meet Pablo and we'd go to the 'casetas' for a drink and a dance. Here are the bus drivers, hotel managers, telecommunications experts, housewives, students and unemployed. The classism and snobbery inherent in everyday life are forgotten here for a more noble fraternity - humanity. Good dancers or bad dancers, the well-dressed or shabby, the old, good-looking, or clumsy, all together in a gaily painted pavilion for the sole purpose of having a good time.
So the fiesta continues through candyfloss and sherry until about eight in the morning. Then, one by one, the tents turn off their music and the rides grind to a halt.  As the last lovers and drunks stagger home the rubbish collectors move in to clear away the bottles and plastic wrappers of another night of silliness. For me, it is time to get my head down for a couple of hours because by eleven I'll be glutted with children. I sleep a few hours in the morning, and the siesta - the rest of the time I'm either working or trying to snatch a bit of fun myself.
La feria has its detractors, of course. Some accuse us of hedonism, others say that we have no right to enjoy ourselves while others less fortunate than us suffer.  Some complain of the noise and some about the dangers involved. I remember Pablo talking to a young German boy who thought it was obscene and asked if we had forgotten that people were starving in the world. Pablo said he'd explain it after the fair was over, and that for now, effectively yes, he had forgotten. The German pushed past us muttering something.
Of course it is never all bright lights, and the inevitable shadow fell at times, like the knife-fight in the early hours of the morning. At first it was assumed that one of the wild brothers had had a hand in it, but later it came out that they were not involved. Reports were confused and rumours various, but it would seem that two boys had got too drunk and squabbled over a seat on the Viking ship. Both of them were taken to hospital where luckily they recovered from their wounds. For a couple of days this event threw a shadow over the merriment, but by the following Friday it had all blown over and people came in their thousands from the town and nearby villages.
The festive spirit is not only confined to the actual site of the fair, but takes over the whole town. There are processions and parades with horses and beautiful carriages. Clowns and dancing competitions fill the squares and every bar is decked out in streamers and flowers and plays music for traditional dances. The schools and colleges live the event, too, with galas and displays and days off. Traffic collapses, the streets become strewn with litter, and a holiday atmosphere pervades everything.
By the final Saturday just about everybody has had enough. They'll go one last time to say goodbye but really people are tired of so much revelry. And that is precisely how it should be. This great feria is like a blood-letting, an uncorking of a desire too often stifled by domestic reality or work or suffering. It is a time to forget the hardships of life, the often cruel reality of today's world, and for ten days sing, shout, dance, drink, laugh or whatever else you feel like doing. Because when it is all over, and the need for fun has been utterly exhausted, our world will return, in all its beauty and agony, and those of us left alive will be forced to carry on until death or madness claims us.
Had that German boy stayed on till after the fair, I would have tried to explain why I cannot share his Cromwellian viewpoint. No notion of solidarity, indignation or sympathy can justify bleeding the world dry, draining it of all joy and celebration. For who will sing and dance and make love if not the free and the thankfully well-fed? And were I thrown into suffering and despair, I would need to know that somewhere out there children were playing, lovers embracing, voices singing. Remove that possibility and you remove all hope. Remove la feria and you castrate Salvador, snuff out Antonio's candle, crush Loli's love. This is not a matter for the Gods, or for theories of infinity, it is purely of human concern. There are those who would convert this planet into something grey and appalling, those who would provoke suffering and ignorance for personal gain. Against these men and women I have no conclusive evidence, no convincing argument, I part from the same hollow reasoning as they do. Quite simply I state my case, in human terms, and I draw my lines.
I don't believe in love, like I don't believe in pain, or happiness, or death. Or the death of love. It is not a question of faith, but of testimony. I have witnessed children give birth to children, adults fight, a handshake between the deadly grip of legionnaires. I have seen the young girl die, so young! And the rich and moneyed society claw at each other's hearts, stifled in their pre-paid limitless lives. And I have walked the areas where the old and unemployed sit in the parks and compose songs to praise the sunlight that gives them the strength to carry on.
As I know that pain and death will search me out, so I now realise that the counterbalance is within my grasp. I have seen the man's bruises yet still heard his voice full of hope. I have cried, and caused suffering, and lost my way, watched the sun rise over the dirty city. The tears of parents dried by their children's grubby hands.
Cuts and clots, scratches and kisses, and the power within us.




