American Compromise
Ryan Chase
Copyright 2012 by Ryan Chase
Smashwords Edition


Many thanks to Ina and Lauren


CHAPTER ONE

 Steven Matthews didn't have to look at his watch, he knew it was exactly 11:55. He watched the homeless man walk across the street. This routine, done perfectly every weekday, had become a comfort for Steven over the years. Often, he'd wonder if the homeless man followed the same routine on weekends. He imagined he did, since he assumed he was unemployed. This assumption, while understandable, was debatable. The man collected cans all day and deposited them for a cash refund. On good days, he made enough to buy himself a couple of cheeseburgers. But today, he was saving up for some vodka. Meaning, if he did find enough cans, there was no way in hell he would be awake by 11:00 to walk by the restaurant at 11:55 the next morning.
 His thoughts returned to his BLT, of which Steven had only taken four bites. Although he normally takes five by the time he sees the homeless man walk by, he was unconcerned; there was no real rush. He didn't bother looking around the diner either. It was a stereotypical diner. Eight booths lined the windowed wall, five on the wall he was sitting and three on the adjoining one. Eight stools also sat around the counter. He didn't understand the fascination with the number eight in this particular diner, but he thought about it often in the past five years. It never occurred to Steven that the name of the diner used to be Lucky 88's, something that you'd only know if you went up to the grill and scraped at the layer of grease on the tiling.
 He finished his sandwich in silence, obviously. He pulled out the same total of $7.00 he left every afternoon and exited. He walked back into the gray city, full of the decline and despair of northern American cities in the Rust Belt. He sighed, but the collective sigh of his city drowned his sigh out, making him realize how insignificant he really was. While he was walking, he wondered if the city would miss him if he moved somewhere else. Then he realized there would be nobody's sigh for the city to drown out so he decided to stay in this city. He didn't love it, but he accepted it for what it offered him: a job. So he remembered he never had any real intention of moving away. 
 He had a job that didn't pay too well, but he was employed and he had health insurance because of it. For two more weeks. He owned a dog, though he was sure the dog was trying to murder him. He was still grateful for the dog's company, but it's not like he remembered the dog's name. After a quick eight and a half minute walk, he returned to the concrete building where he worked. He had all but forgotten what it is that the company does, but he didn't have too important of a job to worry himself about trivial things like that. If he tried to think of it, he couldn't even recall the name of the company, despite walking past its large name and dimly lit logo outside four times a day. It was one of those things he could only remember if he didn't try to think about it. The company wasted $10,000,000 when they hired the company that designed the logo he had forgotten.
 Steven was perfectly content sitting at his desk performing a job that a computer program could do faster and better. He had been doing this for the last five years and five years before this at another company. Before that, he was a bright-eyed boy fresh out of college, full of energy and in need to prove something. He hadn't proven anything to anyone so far.
 Sure, like any other person in the world, he once had lofty dreams and aspirations, but now they were not even memories. For the curious ones, Steven wanted to be a screen writer. But if you were to ask Steven about this, he would most certainly deny this, not because he was embarrassed or anything of the sort, but because he's forgotten. It's a curious thing to forget something that was once so important, but the truth is that he unknowingly fulfilled the dream he had before that: to move away from his home and make something of his own. So the human mind was sly. Steven's mind, although not an especially intelligent mind, had deceived him into thinking he had all but forgotten both of his dreams while secretly fulfilling one.
 He had lived most of his life, being middle-aged and all. He never achieved anything he set out to do, but that happens when you never set goals for yourself. He never planned anything because he couldn't live with disappointment and he didn't keep friends because he assumed they would all betray him. So he kept to himself all day, every day. 
 Five in the afternoon came quickly. Steven had a fine-tuned system of spacing out at his desk while he did his work, like the rest of the employees in the company. Unfortunately for the company, this attributed to his 11% error rate when transcribing figures from spreadsheet to spreadsheet. Fortunately for him, his superiors were no better than him at recognizing errors, so transcription errors became something that was completely overlooked. Good thing, too, because if someone were to thoroughly scrutinize the accounting books of this company, they would discover that it had somehow been operating in the red for the better part of the last decade. Luckily, the powers that could force an internal audit of the company were too involved in the ongoing sex scandal it which the company's CEO had tangled himself up. 
 Steven sat in his car, mostly parked on the freeway in a crowd of 15,000 other lonely motorists on this particular stretch of freeway. The HOV lane sat empty, just as lonely as the motorists. The only thing stalling traffic were dozens of orange traffic cones that created a bottleneck of one lane. Though the traffic cones served no purpose anymore, the construction workers who set them up were fired as soon as they finished pouring the concrete, a day before they planned on moving the traffic cones in question. So the traffic cones sat on the freeway for two and a half months, preventing motorists from utilizing the four lanes of highway for which they paid millions of dollars.  
 One night, a group of drunken teenagers decided to steal the cones as a prank. When they started moving the cones, they discovered they couldn't fit over a hundred cones in the trunks of their three SUVs, so their original plan to divert traffic away from their high school student parking lot into the teacher's parking lot was foiled. But they had moved every cone from its original position. When they couldn't decide what to do with the cones, the gang of teenagers decided to move the cones a quarter mile further and arranged them into a giant penis, diverting traffic towards the outermost two lanes. Although nobody besides them had noticed, aerial traffic from the morning news had been broadcasting images of a giant orange penis every morning for the past two weeks; nobody had bothered to pay attention. The few who did felt no need to do anything about it.
 Steven, spacing out while driving, somehow managed to safely pull into his parking spot and walk up to the door of his apartment. He lived on the bottom floor. In some ways, he was grateful he didn't live on the second story, or worse, the third. He imagined he would slip while running up the stairs trying to avoid getting soaked on rainy days. His head would probably split open and nobody would ever notice his lifeless corpse laying in a pool of diluted blood. This was actually the only benefit he saw to living on the first floor, but it was important to him, not getting his head split open. He didn't think he'd ever move again, so hauling furniture wouldn't be terribly bad. He did have the opportunity to hear his upstairs neighbor vacuum once a week and had the pleasure of listening to the same neighbor's bed rattle through the ceiling three times a week. He wondered about the strength of the ceiling if he could hear bed posts shaking.
 He sat with his frozen dinner in his lap while he watched American Idol, pausing only to text message his votes. Between his usual choice of fish sticks, lasagna, and beef stroganoff, he was feeling fancy and chose the beef stroganoff. He grew tired after his second beer and fell asleep in his recliner, as he did four nights a week, every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday.
 Steven didn't mind his simple life; he had learned to like it. It was calm and predictable. Predictable was something he'd learned to love. When he was younger, he dreamed dreams, in both senses of the word. Steven no longer has any aspirations aside from saving up $12 a week to buy a bigger TV. And at night, aside from occasional sexual fantasies he has, he has dreams of people he sees in the supermarket, imagining what their own mediocre lives are like and the similarities and differences with his own. But when he wakes up, he immediately loses all memory of them, so he thinks he doesn't have dreams anymore. 
#
 By 11:55 on Thursday, Steven had taken five bites. Mid-chew, he was interrupted by a stranger. A hobbledehoy plopped himself, soaked, directly across the already-too-small booth. He didn't see him walk in; he just appeared in front of him. His young, boyish face and blond features were attractive enough to be on television, but only during day-time television. His hair was longish and fell over his forehead. He was too young to properly grow facial hair, and his face fell somewhere between the roundness of youth and the rough angled features of adulthood. Steven worried that he appeared to be a pedophile.
“Sorry. Do you mind if I sit here? There are no more seats.” 
 The stranger seemed kind enough to ask, but Steven had learned better in his thirty-odd years of living that those are the ones you have to worry about the most. It was always the nicest, politest ones that got you, roped you in, trapped you and stole everything you had. He was probably a young roustabout searching for some lonely old man who was looking for a young boy lover to take in and get some free sexing before the roustabout vanished with everything but your broken microwave, which probably only ended up broken because he had broken it. It was a strong accusation, but he had learned through experience not to trust people; having been brought up that way by his parents also attributed to this sentiment.
 But Steven didn't have courage to tell him to leave, so he responded with an apathetic “sure.”
 Looking around, Steven noticed the usual booths were free (numbers two, four, six, and eight) along with four of the bar stools (seats one, three, five, and seven). 
“Wait,” Steven mustered enough courage to question the boy's decision to sit across from him, but not quite enough to tell him to leave. “There are four free bar stools. Why not sit in one of those?”
“Look,” said the boy, still dripping. “Each man is separated by one bar stool. How uncomfortable would it be if I sat in one between two of them?”
 That was a fair point.
 He continued, “Obviously, each man needs his space, or else he would have sat next to somebody else. But he didn't. He left a stool as buffer space. I couldn't be that impolite.” He took off his once-light gray, now dark-gray sweatshirt. It was plain and logo-less, a rarity nowadays. He was thin and awkwardly proportioned. Steven couldn't properly gauge his height. “Yeah. But how did I come to plop myself across the table from a complete stranger?”
 Steven didn't have the desire to answer the rhetorical question.
“I know I told you that all the seats were taken. I lied to you right there. So I apologize our friendship has gotten off to a rocky start.”
 Steven would have choked on that fourth word of the last sentence, but he didn't bother count out the word order of the boy's sentences nor did he ever have a chance to take his sixth bite. 
“I'm kind of just in need of human contact. Not physical contact. Wow, you really got tense when I said that! Anyway, yeah, I just need somebody to talk to; I haven't felt more isolated ever in my life than right now. I don't really have anything important to say, I just wanted to talk. So I thought to myself, 'Mat, why not just go somewhere and sit down with the first person that doesn't look like he'll kill you.' So I walked in the rain, got on a bus, didn't even dare sit down anywhere. The people that get on the number six... man. Got off at a random stop and saw this diner. I thought to myself how this looked like a friendly establishment so I walked in, saw your shining face, and sat down.” He slammed the table with his hand in a sort of accomplished manner and smiled. 
“Mat.” He threw his hand out across the table to shake Steven's hand, which he had been using to hold his sandwich. Matt's hand was wet still, making Steven even more reluctant to shake it. 
“No.” He got up threw seven dollars on the table continuing to mutter “no” under his breath. He had to clear his throat because he had hardly used his voice all day. “I don't need a friend, not what I'm looking for. Sorry.” He didn't know why he was apologizing. He took a breath; his vocal cords were already sore. “I'm content with the way things are, not really looking to change anything.” He cleared his throat again because it had already refilled with phlegm. Honestly, Steven was not sure what he needed, he didn't have any friends and didn't think he needed one. He liked to imagine he didn't need anything, that he was perfectly self-capable. But Steven does a lot of imagining about nothing.
“Sir,” a voice from behind the counter called out. It was from a large woman with a manly voice and a beard to match it. “We raised our prices yesterday; it's $7.50 now. And you owe us fifty cents from yesterday's bill, too.”
“Talk about fate,” Matt said coyly. “Change is happening all around you, friend.” He put his hand on Steven's shoulder, suggesting he sit back down. They both sat, Steven took a sixth bite and Matt ordered an egg salad sandwich. 
 Sitting across from this kid, Steven realized how little he actually spoke. Maybe it was the sudden appearance of phlegm in his throat from earlier, but he had realized that he woke up to an almost empty apartment every day. He drove to work in silence; he didn't even listen to the radio. When he got to work, nobody ever asked him about his previous evening nor did he ask anybody what they did. He worked at his computer until lunch, where as we know, he would go to the diner by himself. He had been going to the same diner, ordering the same meal for the past five years. He no longer needed to order his food after about month seven; a sheepish smile and nod sufficed. He returned to work and so on. Some days he didn't speak at all. Some weeks he didn't speak at all. So here he was, in an uncomfortable situation listening to a stranger talk, unsure of when he should speak or even if he still could.
 Fortunately for Matt, Steven didn't talk much. If there was one thing he liked to do, it was talk. Matt mostly talked about himself, and he always said what was on his mind. Most people have a buffer system that creates a time delay between thoughts and speech, Matt had no such thing. Sometimes he spoke so quickly that his brain formed ideas after they had been spoken. 
 Before long, mostly because he quickened the pace, he chewed and swallowed food, Steven finished his sandwich. “I really have to go back to work.” Steven said, trying to escape.
“Great. What are you doing tonight?”
“Nothing.”
“Great! What time do you want to get together?”
 Steven blinked in rapid succession. He wondered if he said something that made the boy think he wanted to be friends. “I'm doing nothing on purpose. I enjoy reading. Alone. With my dog.”
“Oh.” Matt was a little offended, enough to easily display it visibly. “Well, maybe I'll see you tomorrow.” And without waiting for another rejection he grabbed his sweatshirt and was out again in the rain. 
#
 Back in his recliner, Steven started thinking about lunch. But he burped and fell asleep with his television still on. If he and the 40 million other Americans that fell asleep that night in this manner had turned their televisions off, the United States would have saved enough energy to power New York City for eight minutes. But they didn't, so the U.S. sent another $2 million to Canada so Steven and 40 million others could fall asleep dreaming of the infomercials they heard. The figures aren't entirely accurate, but the point is he wasted a lot of electricity; he even left the ceiling light on, something that even those fake figures hadn't taken into account.
#
 Steven entered the diner, on schedule, and sat in his booth. As soon as he adjusted himself so he was sitting comfortably, he looked up and saw Matt. Only Matt wasn't sitting in his booth today. He was sitting in the next booth, still facing Steven. 
“You know this is going to be awfully hard to conversate,” Matt said, almost shouting.
“Conversate isn't a word.” 
“Let me guess. You are the type of person who follows a rigid routine. That is your booth.” He pointed to stress his point. “You've been sitting in that booth for...three years now. You always order the BLT and you're not going to move and sit with me. Am I right?”
“Five years. I've been sitting here five years. What made you guess all that?”
“You rejected the existence of the word 'conversate.' Only somebody that's uptight and unwilling to change would correct a word. Or you could be an English teacher. Plus, you told me yesterday how unwilling you are to change.”
 Matt, got up and slowly stepped towards Steven's booth.
“Five years... man. I bet your ass print is permanently marked on that seat.” It was. “Anyway. What do you do that lets you fall into this horrible suburbistan nightmare?”
“Well...” He was going to correct his word 'suburbistan.' but was interrupted.
“I bet it’s something with computers.”
“Yeah but...”
“Probably something that could easily be replaced... by a machine.”
 Plates were thrown on the table. “Here's your food.” Neither looked at their manly waitress.
“Are people aware you're still employed there?”
“Of...”
“...course they are. How could they ever forget.” He paused and sat back. “I don't even know your name.”
“It's...”
“Something plain I bet.”
“Not...”
“Mark?”
 Steven slammed his palms on the table. Mark was his middle name actually, but he was angry at this kid because he wouldn't shut up. And he was slightly offended that he thought Mark was a plain name.
“Do you ever stop talking? You ask all these questions, but you answer them yourself before you get an answer. Do you think you know everything or do you just like hearing yourself talk? If you want me to talk to you, you're going to have to stop so I can get some words in.” It was the most Steven had said at once in three weeks. His eyes widened and he enunciated every consonant as he spoke, for clarity. Calming himself, he remembered why he disliked human interaction.
“Sorry, man.”
 A short, awkward silence left the two to think. It was overshadowed by the sound of Steven's clicking jaw and Matt's loud chewing. 
“So what's your name?”
“Steven.”
“You got a last name?”
“Matthews. Sort of like your name I guess.”
“Yeah, but who said Mat is short for Mathew?” He reminded Steven of a twelve year old trying to make conversation after he had just been scolded. He spoke in a sort of apologetic pout.
“I guess I assumed that. What's it short for?”
“No, it is short for Mathew.”
 Steven nodded and took another bite. Just like a twelve year old. He saw the homeless man walk across his line of vision; he was way off schedule. 
“And it does have only one 't'.”
“I didn't assume that. Sorry.”
“It's only a letter. What harm could an extra letter do?”
 Actually, an extra letter in somebody's name could do quite a bit. At least it did in the case of the CEO of the company under federal investigation for whom Steven happened to work. Though he had been having inappropriate relations with his secretary for several months, his secretary only once started an e-mail conversation with him. As many rich, successful men are nowadays, the CEO, Richard Fisher, was a rather large and unattractive man. He bribed her, using company money, to engage in an affair with him. Unluckily for his young, beautiful secretary, the CFO's name was Richaard Fischer. The two men had no relation, Richaard was hired on the basis that Richard was amused by the spelling of his name. So Richaard won himself a job because of the double 'a,' a typo his mother made on his birth certificate but never corrected. While Richaard enjoyed some luck because of it, Richard was only was discovered because his secretary sent some NSFW pictures of herself to Richaard believing him to be her lover. It wasn't long before Richaard pieced together the affair with the missing company money.
“So, Mat. You are...”
“Is this an ellipses with an insert profession here type deal?”
 Steven nodded.
“Student. I am a student at the university.”
“University?”
“Yeah. I don't know what you're implying.”
“I just meant, you look a little young. How old are you?”
“Twenty.”
“Twenty?”
“Twenty. Would not have guessed that.”
 Steven stared at this boy across from him. He would have sworn he was sixteen. Or maybe he had just gotten so old and so out of touch that he could no longer distinguish ages younger than him anymore. His face wasn't plagued by acne, maybe that should be an indicator from now on. He noticed his boyish features probably belonged on some boy band poster tween girls had taped to their bedroom walls. His nose and chin were all rounded and subtle, far from the masculine angles of his own face. He had nicer eyes, though. His green eyes were so bright that sometimes Steven forgot to look at the rest of his face. He must have known this because the way Mat maintained eye contact was something close to frightening. 
“Great. Now that my age is no longer questionable, how old are you?”
“Thirty-five.”
“Thirty-five?”
“Thirty-five.” Steven was flattered that he thought he was younger.
“I definitely would not have guessed thirty-five. I was really sure you were at least forty.” Steven wasn't sure if he said this as payback for his “twenty” comment or if he was being honest.
“Thanks.”
“I just mean you look distinguished.”
“It's okay...”
“I mean, I'd call it receding, not balding at all.”
 Balding? “Really...”
“I'll stop talking.” He tapped his fingers on the table to keep occupied. He had already finished his sandwich while Steven still had at least two bites left. While doing this, he accidentally knocked the salt over. So to redeem himself, he poured some salt into his right hand and tossed it behind his left shoulder. He was superstitious.
“So you were born in...”
“1975.”
“Nice.”
“It was okay.”
“1990.”
“How was that?”
“Good. Good.”
 Not that either could complain about something like the year they were born or anything.	
“So, there's a lot I still don't understand,” Steven said, wiping crumbs from his mouth with a paper napkin.
“Shoot.” Mat leaned back in the booth, making himself comfortable, as if preparing to tell a long story.
“You're twenty and in college. You're not hideously disfigured or anything.” Mat arrogantly nodded his head, smiling, knowing where this was going. “Why are you here? Why aren't you off with some girl or with friends? Why are you in this crappy diner... on a Friday afternoon?”
“I understand your questions, but I think I'll pass on the question.” He smiled, seemingly hiding a secret.
“Fine.” And Steven started to gather his things, pulling out eight dollars from his wallet now.	
 Mat almost jumped over the table, latching on to Steven's arm that dropped the money on the table. “Don't you want to know?”
“You didn't want to tell me.” He wasn't in a mood to play mind games with a bored kid during his lunch break.
“But...”
“But I'm going to respect your privacy.” Now standing, he said, “and we'll leave it at that.” 
 Joining him and now standing he asked, “Tonight? What are you doing tonight? Do you want to hang out?” He came off a little too over-eager. But Steven hadn't had an honest interaction with anybody in years, so he was unaware this mannerism would scare off any normal person.
“I'm busy.”
“Wait,” he called out as Steven walked out the door.
“I'm sure I'll see you again,” Steven said as he walked out the glass door, dramatically choosing not to look at him as he said this.
 But Mat wasn't prepared to be passed off that easily. He didn't take a 'no' from Shelly Yorke for prom. She had a great time. He didn't take a 'no' from the doctor who told him he had two weeks to live five years ago. So he wasn't planning on being shot down by a thirty-five year old nobody in the middle of America. Mat knew his new friend's name and he knew how to use the internet. He got to work.
#
 Steven was predictably lounging in his recliner, drinking his first beer while watching television. Friday night was sci-fi night for him, something he looked forward to all week. Unexpectedly, as foreshadowed before, a knock came from the door. Frustrated with his newfound acquaintance, he got out of his recliner and walked to the bedroom to put pants on. There was another knock.
“I'm coming! Shut up if you want me to have pants on when I let you in.”
 A muffled “thanks” was barely audible.
 He cursed Mat for being so resourceful and persistent. 
 A fully-clothed Steven opened the door.
“Heya pal!” Mat walked in with a six pack of Corona. He saw his canned Coors in the cup holder of Steven's chair. “Yep. Figured you were a can drinker.” He pulled out two chilled bottles, walked up to the chair, and contemplated sitting in it before sinking himself into the couch to its right.
 Dumbfounded, Steven walked and fell into his recliner. “...How?”
“Really?” He popped open the bottle with a bottle opener under his flip flop. “Classy, right? Anyway, I knew your name was Steven Matthews. 'How did I find your address?' Well, I googled you and cross searched some old IRS databases I had just lying around.”
“I wanted to know how you got the beer.”
“Seriously?” he said, taking a long sip and stretching his legs onto a low, coffee table covered in chipped-green paint. “I'm in college. You remember those years, gramps?”
“Yeah. Tell me why you're here now.”	
“Long story or short story?”
“You're going to tell me a long one anyway.” He turned the television's volume down.
“How about a series of nondescript questions?”
 Steven sighed. “I'm going to play along with whatever you end up doing.”
“Great. Good attitude, Steve.”
“Don't call me that.”
 Mat heard his request continued.
“Do you ever feel so lonely you'd go to extreme measures to talk to somebody?”
“No.”
“Do you ever miss talking to people?”
“No.”
“Wow. I was really hoping this would turn into a dialogue of some sort. But seriously?”
“Seriously what? You think that I need to hear somebody babble for hours on end about something that doesn't interest me in the least?”
“Well, that's not exactly what I was getting at.”
“I don't talk to strangers because I know the odds of us having something in common are slim to none, and like you, with the barstools in the diner, I'd rather respect their privacy and patience.”
“That was good.”
 Steven was actually getting irritated. “Why did you have to bother me? I don't understand why you couldn't make buddies with the guy that sits in the corner booth.”
“It was his golden tooth.”
“What?”
“I don't trust people with gold fillings in their teeth.”
“How do you know if I have any fillings?”
“You don't.”
“But how did you know?”
“Your teeth.”
“What?”
“They're crooked.”
“I don't follow.”
“Your teeth are crooked, so I assume you've never had braces. Correct?”
“Correct.” His teeth weren't that crooked, at least it's what he thought. They just weren't perfectly aligned.
“So you've never had a filling I'm guessing. I think I read somewhere once that crooked teeth are better against plaque and stuff because they're crookedness prevents it somehow. But I'm not exactly sure how the physics – ”
“I have had two cavities in my life. Both have been filled.”
“Dammit.” 
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“Nothing. Nothing.”
 Mat sat there almost in disbelief that he was wrong. Steven figured this kid wasn't wrong too often, so instead of rubbing it in his face, he began to pity him. He stared at the perspiration rings left on his sad coffee table by cold beers. He contemplated telling him he lied and didn't actually have fillings. He was just tired of the kid being right all the time; it was just as frustrating as his personality. He also thought about turning up the volume on the TV. He had no idea what was happening on the show. He should have bought a DVR when he had the chance at that sale last week...
“I lied.”
“About what?” 
“My teeth.”
“I don't have fillings. I lied. I didn't want you to be right about something so specific.”
“Really?”
“Yeah.”
“I know.” His smug demeanor returned. Then, immediately, Mat felt guilty. He had barged in on this guy's life and his own lack of social interaction had left him with large reserves of pent up social energy. He resolved himself to try to relax and return to how he normally was, which was not the annoying brat Steven made him out to be. “What're we watching?” He spoke softer also, and tried to calm himself. He hadn't taken a step back and tried to see the situation from Steven's side at all. Realizing how creepy he must have come off, he vowed to be better. He honestly only wanted a friend. 
 And that's when Steven thought he was getting played. He had no idea why this college student had taken an interest in him. He wasn't after beer, he brought better beer than Steven had. He was sure he wasn't after money, because Steven was wearing designer knock-offs of clothes Mat was wearing. And that's when he noticed Mat was asleep. 'Crap. The kid's homeless.'
#
 Steven woke up on his recliner. This was also unusual, since he only slept here four nights a week and last night wasn't usually one of them. Mat wasn't there. All of Steven's stuff was still in his apartment. Or was it? He looked around the living room, which was mostly empty. He realized he didn't have anything in the living room except a lamp, the television and the coffee table, but he never had anything else there anyway. He stood up and looked around his apartment. He couldn't tell if stuff was taken or if his apartment was already bare. 
 He walked to the bathroom door to take his morning pee, but the door was locked.
“I'm taking a crap.” A voice came from inside. “Sorry.”
#
 Ten minutes later, both were in the kitchen waiting on a pot of coffee.	
“If you were looking for a place to stay, you should have just been upfront with me. I'd let you stay here.” Despite saying this, he wasn't sure if he was telling him the truth or lying to make himself feel charitable.
“I'm not. Really.” He could see Steven didn't believe him. “I'll take you to my apartment right now. Yeah?”
“Okay.” Steven just wanted to make sure Mat had a home so his conscience wouldn't feel too terrible if he did throw this kid out.
 They walked outside and around the treacherous steps to the parking lot. Imagining they would be taking his car, he walked up to the driver's side door of his rusted red 1991 Chevy Corsica. His key wouldn't fit properly in the lock, something that happened often with his car, so he started fiddling with it. Still fumbling, a horn went off. Of course. Turning around, he had the pleasure of seeing his new acquaintance in a shiny, silver BMW M5. 
“This'll be faster,” Mat shouted from an open passenger window. Steven, already suspicious of Mat, grew even more concerned of what he might be getting himself into. “I like your car though, what is it a Beretta?”
“Corsica.”
 Mat grinned and nodded. “Always liked those two.” It was the first compliment Steven received in years. And it wasn't even about him, it was about his car.
 The two drove away from Steven's part of town, consisting almost entirely of apartment complexes and then, to Steven's surprise, in the opposite direction of the university. He had imagined Mat living in a shoddy apartment within easy walking distance of campus, until they started driving away from it. They approached one of the many lower income areas of the city. Steven wasn't sure of a politically correct term to define this area, hence the awkward phrasing. It seemed less gray than the rest of the city, but he attributed this to the colorful graffiti and dead animals that lined the walls and the side of the roads. 
 The car slowed down and pulled in the driveway leading to a house that resembled an old shack. Termites had left their mark, leaving the wood in an irreparable state. Even the aluminum roof didn't seem to completely cover the house/shack. The front door hung only on one hinge at the top and an old Crown Victoria sat on cement blocks, missing three tires, in what was once a front yard. 
 This is what Steven was originally expecting: a rundown place, isolated. And here he was crying out for friendship. This is why he was so desperate. He was lonely. He looked at Mat, unsure of the proper response, so he stayed quiet.
“Really?” Mat asked. “You think I live here?”
“Well...” Steven started, who was, as usual, confused by the actions and words of this boy. “Why did you take me here then?”
“I don't know. I was messing with you. I drive an M5.” He said this as he threw the car in reverse, then revved his BMW to show off its power, just as arrogant as his retort had been. He took great offense to his new friend's assumption. He was born and raised in the upper class; some of his father's arrogance passed to his son. He wasn't proud when it revealed itself, but he had just spent the past six months trying to prove to a bunch of wealthy Americans overseas that he was just as rich and important as they were. He thought that justified his recent outbursts.
 They sped across the city to a small enclave of large houses and into a fairly extensive apartment complex. This is what Steven should have expected after seeing his M5, at least Mat had hoped. He pulled into a numbered parking spot and led Steven up three flights of stairs. 
 The building's exterior was a soft creme color, done in a sort of style trying to replicate a European villa. Steven noticed it was complete with those curvy tiled-roofs. When they reached the third floor, Steven was curious at the color of his door. All the other doors were a soft brown, meant to match the color scheme of the building, but Mat's was a bright and vibrant red. 
“Feng shui,” Mat said, as if he had to explain this thousands of times to new visitors.
“You into that?”
“No.” He unlocked and opened the door. “My roommate is.”
 His apartment looked like one in a movie. It was lavishly decorated with orchids and rock gardens and half a dozen fountains of various sizes. The wood floors gleamed as if they had just been polished and the black marble countering from the kitchen almost blinded Steven, it reflected the overhead lights so well. 
 Steven was dumbfounded; this was the last thing he expected. He had no idea what to say.
“What do your parents do?”
 He chuckled and scratched at the back of his neck. 
“Mathew?” A weak voice called from an open doorway. Steven didn't think anybody was here, much less someone in a room where there were no lights. 
“Yeah. It's me.” 
“Did you pick up what I asked you?”
“Crap.” He muttered to himself. “Not yet. I'll get it for you later. Okay?” 
 The two shouted at each other even though they were maybe thirty feet apart. 
“Don't worry about it.” There was a slight pause. “Nigel!” 
 And out of another room without lights a tall, slender figure crept out into the living room. “Mr. Flowers,” the British voice addressed Mat with a slight nod. “Sir.” He spoke to Steven and seemingly glided into the room with the weak voice. Muffled voices conversed and the tall man in a tuxedo exited holding a folded piece of ivory paper. His face seemed almost featureless, or, Steven was too afraid to look at the man's face. He imagined it to be angular and sinister matching his horrible posture and long, thin fingers;  his digits were the only thing he could force himself to look at. For all he knew, Nigel's face was a shadow. He opened the front door and floated outside.
 Soon after the butler left, Mat led Steven around the apartment, who was very impressed. Somehow, the apartment had high ceilings, at least ten feet in some places. Light flooded the apartment from large, clean windows, from both walls and skylights. He pointed out each room, minus his roommate's room, explaining the reasoning behind the decorative choices.
“And that's my apartment. Not homeless.” He crossed his arms proudly. “Ready?” The two started towards the door, Mat turned to announce his departure to his roommate. “We're leaving!” 
 While exiting the door, a faint “screw you” could be heard.
“He kids, he kids,” Mat said chuckling. Steven wasn't convinced.
“So what do your parents do?”
“Oh...you know. A little of this, a little of that.” He was trying to be as specific as possible.
“No, really.” The two now stood on either side of the car at the hood. Steven again couldn't help but notice that his M5 was probably one of the cheaper cars parked in the lot. He wasn't aware that money like this still existed in this city.
“The apartment? It's Raddick's. He pays for it all, basically. I could never afford something like this by myself. Besides, I don't think I'd ever want to live such a lavish lifestyle.”
“Matthew Flowers?” A voice came from behind the trunk of the car. Neither had heard anybody approach. Two police officers stood there, one with crossed arms and both with displeased faces.
“Yeah?”
 The two cops looked at Steven, trying to figure out what to do with him. One approached Steven and the other approached Mat. They stood behind their targets and continued their conversation.
“What about him?” The cop behind Steven asked the one behind Mat. 
“Yeah, him, too. He might be a terrorist.” The cop behind Steven chuckled to himself as if he had forgotten something obvious.
“Wait what?” Steven took a step towards his right, away from the cop. “What's going on?”
 Mat remained calm, despite the accusation. “What's the problem?”
“Mathew Renée Flowers, you are under arrest for...”
 And that's when a cop behind Steven smashed Steven's head into the hood of the car and he passed out. It was unfortunate; it was quite a surprising allegation.
#	
 Steven woke up in a cell. He didn't remember being put in the car, so he missed out on a lively discussion between both overly physical police officers and Mat. It's not like he would have had anything to contribute to the conversation anyway because the three mostly talked about baseball, something Steven didn't follow. He didn't remember being processed either, he would realize it later when he saw the ink on his fingers. So he wasn't aware that he had no charges against him, the police officers, in a panic, just decided to bring him to jail and hold him for a few hours so he didn't wake up in a parking lot alone with a lot of questions. So, he just woke up in a jail cell with a lot of questions, which was more beneficial for the police than it was for Steven.
“Morning, sunshine,” Mat said from across the cell. It was a dainty little cell, probably eight feet by fifteen, currently occupying four men and one teenager. One wall was completely barred and the other three were concrete with no windows.
“How long have I been out?” Steven said sitting up. His face hurt, but he didn't see any blood on his fingers; it had already clotted on his face.
“About two hours.” 
 Steven finally oriented himself enough to understand what was going on around him.
“What did you get me into?” He accused Mat of this mess.
“Calm down, calm down. I'm innocent.” He was calm, trying to reassure Steven. “Mostly.”
“What do you mean mostly?” He stood up and walked across the cell to stand over Mat.
“Don't worry about it. We'll be out of here in time for me to buy you dinner... Or, a very early breakfast.” Even in a situation like this, he still found a way to joke. He had to respect that.
 Steven began pacing. He wasn't sure how this would affect his life at all. He imagined that there would be several negative ramifications for this. Mostly, he was worried about his credit score. He assumed that jail time affected credit scores; he had done quite some damage to his credit score. Although he never buys anything, for some reason his credit score was always atrocious.
“All I can suggest is to sit back and enjoy the company. Nobody wants to be here. And everyone's innocent here. Nothing to worry about.” Except this did worry Steven, considering that Mat had winked after the phrase 'everyone's innocent here.'
 Steven collapsed back onto the bench he had slept on, head in his hands. There was no blood anywhere, a plus. He wasn't sure if what he smelled was sweat or urine or whether any of those smells actually existed or if his mind was inventing things to fret.
“Where are the cops?  I want to ask them something.”
“Lunch.” A large tattooed man said from the bench along the long back wall, between Mat and Steven. “And can you calm the fuck down? I'm trying to meditate here. I suggest the same thing for you.” He shook his head after singling out Steven.
“Sorry.” Steven tried to apologize, but he didn't accept it.
“You need to relax. Think of God and he'll provide the path for you to follow. Trust Him, think of faith. Find faith and hold onto it. It'll change your life. Don't forget that, man.” He closed his eyes and went back to trying to re-center himself.
“Steven, you're irritating Zeke.” Mat said scornfully.
 Steven looked at Zeke and imagined he was here for murder. He was sure his face tattoo depicted a murder scene anyway. He then went on to size up the other two. One was a dark Latino man and the other was a teenager clothed entirely in black and in chains. He could only imagine the charges his three cellmates faced. His imagination got the better of him and he feared they would try to make him one of their 'bitches.' He had been so distracted by his imagination and his confusion between jail and prison that he hardly realized a conversation had been going on. 
“...and that's why selling short is ruining the market.” The Mexican, who was sitting closest to Mat, tried to explain.
“But it's been such an integral part of the market that you can't just do away with something that's become so vital.” Mat countered.
 The teenager joined in. “But it just creates panic among traders when there are mass volumes of shorts. Remember Fall 2008? They shut that up for a couple days and the world kept on turning. It screws everything up; it's how VW became the largest company for a day.”
 All three nodded and turned to Steven, waiting for him to offer his opinion. “Yeah, it's no good.” First he judged everybody in the cell, and then he ended up being the idiot. 
 Nobody said anything and that killed the conversation.
“So what did you do?” the teenager asked Steven, trying to re-ignite conversation.
 He scratched his head, chuckled to himself, and replied, “Nothing. I didn't do a thing. I have no idea why I'm here.” He turned his head towards the bars and shouted, “I have no idea why I'm in here!”
 The teenager's eyes lit up. “Me neither!”
 Steven wasn't too convinced. As one could gather, he wasn't a very trusting person. “Sure, kid.”
“No, really. I didn't do a thing! They arrested the wrong Benjamin Lee.”
 Steven turned to the Mexican. “What'd you do?” He imagined he was an illegal immigrant or something. Then he realized he was a little bit racist and that was an understatement. Out of guilt, he wished he hadn't asked that question. Then he was glad he didn't ask Zeke first. Then he felt guiltier for going there in his mind. If only he had friends that were black or had some ethnicity other than his own white skin. Then he realized he didn't have friends, black or white, so he felt a little better about himself. 
 In the 3.46 seconds that this internal struggle took place, the Mexican had formulated his response. “I arrived at where I left my cousin's car and the meter had expired. But because we had the same name, Jesus Gonzalez, they arrested me because my cousin had too many tickets.” 
 Steven turned and looked at Zeke but he was in too deep a state of meditation to hear what was being said. 
“I'm assuming that he has some mix up, too?”
“Hey, hey. Look, none of us are here because of something we did,” Mat defended. “Myself included. And Zeke is no exception.”
“Actually, he is guilty of a crime,” the teenager contradicted. 
“What did he do?” Mat was surprised, too, betrayed almost.
“Jaywalking.” Both he and Jesus shook their heads.
“Oh, Zeke,” Mat said. “What kind of religion is he preaching?”
“I think he's religiously confused,” Jesus said, with the scrawny teenager in agreement.
 The men in the cell spent the next two hours, with limited urination breaks, bonding and forming friendships over their shared misfortunes. Zeke even started contributing towards the end. Then, after two and a half hours, the policemen finally returned.
“I got seven today, boys!” one said, walking in the door. “Combined speed of....78 mph.”
“No way!” another voice chimed in.
“Yeah, but I got one going twenty-five over.” Everybody cooed over that and laughed. 
“Well, where is he then?” the first voice asked. 
“Shit, I left him in my car!” The others laughed and his footsteps could be heard running out to retrieve the criminal.
 A large officer approached the cell. “Okay boys. You two,” he said words between bites of a burrito. “Yeah, the white ones.” The kid in black stood up. “Not you. The other ones.” Then he gulped his 64 ounce soda. “You're out.” 
“I told you I was innocent.” Mat said to Steven.
“The Matthew Flowers we're after has two ‘t’s in his name.”
“What about us?” the teenager asked.
“We'll get to you two later. We've been really busy today.”
“With what?” 
“Nothing really. Saving lives.” And he walked away.
 Steven got up and walked towards the bars. “When are we getting out, then?”
 The officer had already taken his seat at his desk. “When I finish eating my lunch.”
“Eating your burrito? Just let us out now.”
“Cool your jets pal or I'll make you wait until I finish my dessert, too.”
 Steven, being moderately intelligent, sat down and waited patiently for the officer to finish his two burritos.
#
 Before long, they were back in the police cruiser en route to Mat's car. The overweight police officer decided to drive them himself, dessert in hand. He talked the entire way. Neither really said anything back because he hardly stopped talking, even with chunks of donut in his mouth. 
“I'm Mal by the way.”
 Neither said anything back.
“I'm introducing myself with my first name because I know you two aren't criminals.” He thought that was funny so he laughed. 
“Mal?” Mat asked. He liked it because it was 66% his name.
“Yeah. I know, like Mal Reynolds.”
“I don't know who that is.” Mat said. He asked Steven, “Do you know who that is?” 
 Steven shook his head.
“Firefly?” Mal offered.
 Both exchanged lost looks.
“It was a TV show a while back...FOX...”
 The two were still unsure what was going on.
“They made a movie...Serenity?”
“No. Sorry.” Mat wasn't sure how to handle this situation.
“Shame. I see a lot of parallels between the two of us.”
 They were still lost and Mal just became angry and offended, so the drive continued in silence intermittently interrupted by the sound of his chewing. They arrived back at Mat's apartment and after zero apologies for the mix-up, Mal sped off, letting the acceleration of the car close the doors for him. While they sat in Mat's car, he couldn't stop shaking his head or laughing to himself. Steven was starting to get frustrated with him again, a seemingly predictable cycle.
“Come on!” Mat pleaded before starting his car. “It was funny. We had some laughs. We watched you cry a bit. We even made some friends. We're fine. It's not on our records or anything.” He looked at Steven and tried to comfort him by touching his shoulder. It was awkward for both of them, especially after Steven realized that this was the first time anybody, man or woman, had touched him in any way in the last six years. Mat took his hand off and that made Steven feel better.
“Yeah, I guess.” 
“There you go.”
“It was not what I was expecting for my Saturday.”
“See! And Zeke said he'd call us when he gets out.” He started the car. “Now that we've had one of those experiences where two people go through something and end up best friends, dinner's on me.” He drove off. It wasn't even five minutes before Steven realized Mat's choice of words.
 Mat took the freeway because Steven told him it would be faster. But Steven forgot to warn Mat that he would eventually have to move over to either the left or right lane because construction cones still obstructed freeway lanes. Whizzing down the center lane of five, Mat had no problem passing cars. Seeing he would have to get into one of the side lanes, he zipped into an opening between two cars to his right. He drove an M5 with an unbelievable amount of zippiness, so he had no problem thrusting his way in without crashing. However, the ancient Pinto with limited braking capabilities, now behind Steven and Mat, had next to none of that zippiness. And even more unfortunate for that poor soul, he ended up crashing into a car with even worse luck. As the two worked their way down the shaft of the cones' image, the old Pinto was stuck just outside the head with a nice Toyota attached to its trunk. Steven and Mat were too busy laughing about their day to notice the flying metal and debris behind them. They worked their way out of the road blockage, but the Pinto and the Toyota and their respective owners could not. 
 Now, why exactly are these twenty-five seconds so important?  The owner of both cars will end up playing a vital part in Steven's life, and as a result of the consequences in Steven's life, they will also play an important role in Mathew's life as well. 
 Driving the Pinto was a down-in-his-luck corporate auditor. Little known fact about the auditing business in the area: about two years ago in an attempt to calm employee's concerns about auditors, a new position called an external analyzer, something unique only to this city. External analyzers performed the exact same job as auditors, but had a different job title and worked for newer and younger companies. Obviously, when faced between a decision of old versus new, companies tended to go to with new. That being said, Roger Sherman had mostly been unemployed for the past two years. He made five dollars and a glass of lemonade after auditing a little girl's lemonade stand, after her younger brother complained to their parents that his older sister had been falsifying earnings reports to pocket an extra thirty-three dollars and seventeen cents. She was and the little boy gave Roger the 25% of the recovered money as payment, but not the glass of lemonade.
 In the Toyota hybrid, was Richaard Fischer. Richaard, as the fair reader may recall, happened to be the CFO of the company where Steven works. It never occurred to him to have an external analyzer audit the company, but when he crashed into Roger, the two got to talking. Since neither was at fault, and Roger was pretty much dirt poor now, both men decided to exploit their situation. When police showed up, they came to the conclusion the blame fell to the mysterious car that cut Roger off. Their insurance companies would end up agreeing a couple weeks later and paid for Richaard's car and neck injury handsomely. After repaying $400 for Roger's Pinto, he used the remaining $575,000 to hire Roger as an external analyzer. Richaard Fischer was tired of waiting for the legal system to force CEO Richard Fischer out of power and decided to circumvent the law by having an external analyzer, who was really an internal auditor, force the budget cuts that Richaard had been pushing for years. And that's how Mat got Steven fired. But he wouldn't care, because he wouldn't find out, at least not right away.
#
 Mat took Steven to a sports grill. Sports were on the televisions, but since it was the middle of summer, baseball mostly dominated. There was the occasional tennis match going on, but this is in an American sports grill, so nobody was really watching it. Mat had pressured Steven into drinking some beer, so he drank five. Strangely, during his meal, he hadn't been counting how many bites or sips he had taken so the number of beers he had had was lost. Mat had been counting, but not because he was being creepy or intending to get Steven drunk, but because he had offered to pick up the tab. So both had a combined ten beers and only forty buffalo wings. 
“Wait,” Steven said almost slurred. “How are you drinking beers? You're twenty.”
“Don't shout that, please,” Mat said, not even buzzed. “Fake ID. Come on, man. Get with the times.”
“Oh.” Steven slumped over in his chair examining his half-empty glass. “When you said earlier that you were mostly innocent, what did you mean?”
“Don't worry about that.” The truth here was that he had no recollection of saying that. Most of the time, he had fallen into the bad habit of just responding to respond.
“Oh.” His alcohol-induced mind accepted that answer and ended that line of questioning there.
“What exactly do you do and where do you work? I don't understand you.” Mat asked ordering another round.
 Steven blew air between his lips forcing them to create an uncomfortable noise. “Honestly. I don't know. I get one spreadsheet and I just put numbers from that one spreadsheet and put it onto another spreadsheet, it's almost identical really. I think there's a program or something that could do what I do. Or what they could do is just make one job of my job and the data entry jobs of the first and second spreadsheet. I don't know why they just don't do that since there are half a dozen people who do exactly what I do, just with two different people.” 
“Wow.”
“Yeah.”
“What kind of company is it?”
“They're a bank.”
“Really?”
“Yeah.”
“And they waste that much money?”
“Yeah.”
“Damn.”
“Yeah.”
“What's your title?”	
“Data entry.”
“Duh. Sorry.”
 Steven nodded.
“Is that what you wanted to do?”
“Of course not.” Steven furrowed his brow.
 Mat saw disappointment in his eyes. “What did you want to do?”
 He sighed. “I wanted to write movies.” It took five-ish beers for Steven to remember that.
“Movies?”
“Yeah. I just wanted to write. Anything I guess.” He had started to look past Mat and his eyes started to glaze over, almost remembering his lost hopes and aspirations. “I know it's stupid. Most people don't even stay to look at who wrote a movie during the credits. But I never wanted the money or the fame. I just wanted to write those lines in movies that people never forget. Those words that mean so much to people and stay with them forever. I love those lines. Or those witty one-liners, I'd love to write those.”
 Surprised, Mat came back with, “Why don't you?”
“What?”
“I know some people in that business, why don't you write?”
“Because I can't write.”
“What? You wanted to be a film writer.”
 Offended, Steven replied, “Yeah. I wanted to do that. I never said I had the talent. I don't have any writing...skill.” He was right. He couldn't think of the word skill; the beer wasn't even that strong. Steven had the vocabulary of an advanced 10th grader. Most of this wasn't his fault. The half of Steven that didn't blame America's failing school system blamed the degradation (big word for Steven) of his mind because of his job. He entered numbers all day on a computer, using only twelve keys a day, even his log in and password were all numbers. On top of that, Steven would go days without talking. This drunken exchange in the last hour or so was the longest conversation Steven had had in months, possibly years. 
“Aside from your weak vocabulary, tell me why you can't write.”
 Fortunately for both parties, Steven was too drunk to realize the insult. “I'm boring and bland. I can't write anything. I've got nothing to write about.”
“You'll never know until you try, right?” 
 He was ashamed and slightly embarrassed. “Yeah, I guess.” He didn't want to mention the four dozen rejection letters passing on his failed scripts. It was something he had succeeded in blocking from his mind. He managed to move and put it past him. And here he was, in some restaurant with some college kid who was opening past wounds. It was a painful time for him. He had just moved to Ohio and had mailed scripts to any studio he had ever heard of or seen in passing. Out of the many sent, he only received four letters, which were all unfortunately rejection letters.  
 Then he remembered how content he was with his life and that he had managed better than his parents had expected for him, so he tallied one in the win column and changed the subject. But then again, his parents never expected anything from him, so it was a false sense of victory.
“Tell me why you sat across from me.” He pushed his beer to the side and leaned over the table, staring intently into Mat's eyes.	
“Fine. Since you've asked me so many times, I'll just tell you.”
 Victory. Steven only felt this accomplished when his dog, Maximilian, listened to him. “Crap. The dog. I forgot about him. We have to go, you can tell me...wait...why aren't you drunk?”
 Mat got up. “I've been in Europe for six months. I'm used to beer with alcohol in it. I'm completely sober. Let's go let your dog out.”
“Thanks.” He got up and felt all the alcohol rush to his head. He had never been to Europe, so he really felt the alcohol in the weaker American beer. And for the second time that Saturday, Steven passed out.
#
 The next morning, or at least Steven assumed it was the next morning, he woke up on an unfamiliar couch. Rubbing his eyes, he saw that not only was he asleep on an unfamiliar couch, there was a tall, looming man standing over him.
“Good morning, sir. Can I get you anything?” It was the butler. “Can I fluff your pillows or something to make you feel more comfortable?” He was a sarcast–. Nope, he was serious about fluffing his pillow.
“Thanks, really,” Steven said, trying to stand up by maneuvering around the butler who had taken to fluffing the pillow. 
“Very well. I will inform Master Flowers that you have awoken well this morning,” he said and glided away, arms stiff at his sides. 
“Good morning, starshine.” Mat walked in. “Hungry? Nigel makes a mean omelet.”
“No thanks,” he said trying to gather his things from the oversized cream sofa. “I really need to check on that dog.”
“Oh! Your dog. I forgot. Yeah, let's go do that.” He walked off to his room. “I just need to get my keys.”
 The couch was actually more comfortable than his own bed. He tried to think of how many years he had slept on that same mattress. If there was his butt print on a seat in a diner, he could only imagine his body print in that mattress. 
 Seconds later they were off towards Steven's apartment. It was the first time in years that Steven had slept somewhere else besides his own bed. He had to admit, although only to himself, he really enjoyed yesterday. 
#
 As Steven turned the key to his apartment, he opened the door slowly making sure the dog hadn't escaped.
“Maximilian?” Steven called, but nothing stirred. He called again to the same effect.
“Max?” Mat called out, trying to lure the dog out himself.
“His name is not Max, it's Maximilian.” He wandered off towards his space designated the living room.
“Okay, Steve.” Mat received a deserved glare.
 As Steven approached the kitchen, the back of his legs were met with a lunging small white object. Steven fell forward onto his knees from the powerful force. Although this did not appear to be the intention of the object (It seemed that the object had hoped Steven would fall backwards, knocking his head on the edge of the kitchen counter, splattering his brains onto the already questionable carpet, effectively killing Steven.), it had made its point. Then it growled at Steven.
“Yeah, yeah. Sorry I didn't let you out last night.” Steven noticed a nice present on the kitchen floor. Steven got the leash and took Maximilian outside with Mat.
“So is your dog always like that?”	
“Mostly.” 
 Maximilian growled at a butterfly before chasing it around in circles, taking bites of air. It lost interest and attacked a leaf that had fallen to the ground.
“The vet told me he just needs love and he'll eventually come around.”
“Hm.” Beat. “How long have you had him?”
“Oh, about nine years.”
“And the vet told you this...”
“About nine years ago.”
 Then, Steven took Maximilian back inside, or rather, Maximilian forced Steven back inside because he was bored with the local selection of prey. He jumped on the couch and barked at the television until Steven turned it on. Then he barked until Steven found a channel he wanted to watch. It was the home shopping network. So, the three watched a man and two women try to sell digital cameras. Even after Maximilian fell asleep, he woke up to bark if Steven so much as tried to change the channel.
“How much love do you give him?” Mat asked.
“I think I gave up about four years ago.”
“Did it change any?”
“Actually, it's really let up a bit. I remember he tried to kill me pretty much on a daily basis. Now, it's about once a week.”
 Mat watched the dog chase something in his dreams.
“It's nice now. It's kind of my entertainment these days. Except now this is what he likes to watch. I don't understand it.” The channel emitted a high pitched frequency that neither human could hear but lulled him into sleep.
 The two spent their entire Sunday sitting in front of the television. Steven liked this, but this is mostly what he did on Sundays. Usually he went to the grocery store to restock his frozen dinner selection, but he was enjoying the small talk with Mat. Before dinnertime, Mat said his goodbyes and slowly crept out to avoid waking the dog. They made plans to have lunch the next day during Steven's lunch break. 
 After Mat left, Steven let a happy sigh leave as well. It was a happy sigh this time, not a content one. Although Steven was perfectly fine with being content for the rest of his life, with his routine and scheming dog, he welcomed this addition. He assumed it would only mean somebody to talk to during lunches or somebody to hang out with on Saturday nights. 
 He couldn't remember the last time he hung out with anybody, save at an office party. He really couldn't think of the last time he spent time with anybody, including his brother, Nathan. His thoughts drifted to Nathan for about five seconds and remembered what a backstabbing bastard he is and tried to expel him from his mind. 
 Back to Mat. Steven was happy to talk to somebody who seemed genuinely nice. Steven definitely had a lot less than Mat, so he wasn't worried about getting something stolen from him, but he wasn't entirely trusting of him. He knew that there was some ulterior motive behind his decision to befriend him but he hadn't quite figured it out. 
 Mat isn't quite all that innocent in several senses of the word, but in Steven's use of the word 'innocent,' Mat did have a reason in befriending Steven. There was a reason Mat sat across from Steven almost a week ago instead of the man behind him. So Steven, although abnormally paranoid and suspicious, was correct. Well, mostly correct.  
 Despite not having eaten dinner, Steven fell asleep. Lights still attempted to flood the apartment from poorly placed windows and another sleeping body in the room added to his exhaustion. He hadn't had a day quite that exciting in years, so he felt entitled to the rest. But in the weeks that followed, Steven would find himself in situations he thought he'd never have to put himself through. He'd discover that just because he burned bridges in his past didn't mean he would be able to completely escaped old conflicts. But none of this mattered to Steven right now. He was focused on getting comfortable in his recliner and tomorrow was far from his mind. He contemplated in a half sleep  whether to turn the television off or not, so he fell asleep with the remote in his hand.

CHAPTER TWO

 Steven sat at his plastic desk in his cubicle with a cup of coffee next to him. He had a plain white coffee mug. He intended to put something witty on it like his cubicle mate, but never thought of something equally as clever, so he had a blank coffee cup. It matched the walls of the cubicle and the desks. The two work mates did not have a lot of paper between them because all their work was done on computers, but if they did have paper, the color would match the rest of the area perfectly. 
 It was still early, about 9:45. It was a normal day, nothing too extraordinary to the average employee. However, on the chaotic floor 16, not only was one Fischer missing, the other was just arriving, sporting a neck brace. As interesting as it was, making a grand, dramatic entrance and bursting through the double doors downstairs, then up into his office, only about three people saw it. The guard downstairs greeted Richaard without looking at him. The mailroom boy that he stood next to in the elevator had no idea he was the CFO of the company and currently running things. The only person who cared was his secretary, who already knew about the accident so she wasn't very surprised. Heather Flores, once Richard Fischer's secretary, now worked under Richaard. The striking blonde, who had close to zero intelligence, grew up fascinated with the complexities of the human psyche, so she knew that Richaard wanted attention. She stroked his hair after he sat down in his office and spaced out as he complained about his misfortune. Her ears only perked up when she heard the phrase “internal audit.”
“You don't need to worry,” Richaard said, eyes closed.
“What about my brother in accounting? Will he still have a job?” She stopped petting her boss and looked down at him.
 He sighed. “He's fine.”
 And almost as if he had received stage directions to enter on that line, Roger Sherman opened the door and walked in.
“There was nobody at reception so I let myself in.” He sensed he was interrupting something, so he added a “sorry,” and cracked a smile.
 Roger was a pudgy man with an average build. His suit fit him about five years and about 1,500 double bacon cheeseburgers ago. But his blonde-red hair and sweaty pale skin somehow created a calming demeanor as if his entire body quietly assured: 'I'm harmless.' So neither Richaard nor Heather felt threatened in any way. 
“Let's get to work,” Richaard said gleaming. He stood up and led Roger into another room.
 The days continued as usual for everybody else in the company until Friday. The only real exception to this was Steven, who had a lunch date every day that week. 
#
 On Friday morning, Steven sat down at his desk as he had done every day for his lasting memory. He filled his blank cup with coffee as he waited for his computer to boot.
“Did you hear?” Steven's cubicle mate asked when he arrived. His name was Nate, and just like every other Nathan he knew, he was a complete asshole. But Steven found him easy to get along with, as long as he was ignored completely. 
“What?”
“We're being reviewed.”
“No we're not. I've been here five years and we've never had a single review. It's probably just somebody trying to rile you up or something.” So, Steven discounted this as a rumor and continued his morning routine.
“No, really. I got an e-mail from Susan in accounting who heard second-hand from...”
 Steven cut him off there; he was already tired of hearing him speak. “Since you're so sure about this, if we do get reviewed, I'll give you twenty bucks. If not, you give me twenty bucks, but stop talking and let me work anyway.”
 Bitter and offended by that cruel statement, he accepted the bet, including the clause where he shut up and left Steven alone.
 Not five minutes had passed when the CFO and a nervous, sweaty man came from the elevator.
“Reviews, gentlemen. Reviews are happening.” A woman coughed, but Richaard purposely ignored it and spoke louder. “We will set up in that conference room. We have all your files and you will have your jobs if we deem your performance here to be at a satisfactory level.” The two started walking to the conference room. “Good luck, men.” The coughing continued, only this time joined by two other women.
“Twenty please,” Nate demanded, happy his networking skills had paid off. Smiling and putting his twenty in his pocket, he heard his name called from across the large room. “Nate Henderson!” 
 Confidant, he smiled at Steven and strutted past dozens of cubicles as he walked towards the conference room. Twenty minutes passed. Steven wasn't counting, he expected Nate to still have his job since he had been with the company longer than Steven. So, it was surprising for Steven when girlish howls came from the conference room and Nate erupted in violent fits of tears. He ran into the shared cubicle and gathered his things as quickly as possible. When he had gathered his most important belongings, he turned to Steven to wish him luck, but he was too upset to say anything. He did throw and shatter the coffee mug with the witty phrase on it. An unsaid goodbye was understood between the two and he walked away, heartbroken.
 Not two minutes had passed before Steven's own name was called. He stood up and slowly made his way to the conference room. They welcomed him with reluctant smiles and invited him to sit down at the table across from them. The conference room was bright, filled with annoying fluorescent lights that hummed.
“Steven Matthews,” Roger said. “I'm Roger Sherman. I'm sure you know why I'm here.”
 Steven nodded.
“Good,” he said. Richaard passed Roger a file. “Let's talk about your performance. Don't let my injury distract you.”
 There was an awkward silence, as are most silences between people who couldn't even consider themselves acquaintances. Richaard didn't say anything, he just looked at Steven, waiting. He understood he was supposed to ask, despite his request not to. So he asked, “What happened?”
“I said let's not let it distract,” he snapped.
 Steven pulled his lips inward forming an apologetic grin. 
 But Richaard, who really was dying to tell any living or non-living soul, told him, “I was in a car accident on the freeway on Saturday.” Beat. “Thank you for your concern, Mr. Matthews.” He smiled, and Roger opened the folder.
 Steven noticed the file was mostly empty. There might have been one sheet of paper inside, so he wasn't exactly sure what the evaluation was based off. 
“You've been here five years now.”
 Steven smiled and nodded.
“Well, Steven. You seem like a good guy. But I don't know if you are aware that we have eighteen other people doing data entry.”
 Steven did not know this.
“And well, looking over all the work of every data entry, all eighteen of you are working, well, well below par.”
 Steven, despite his average intelligence, knew exactly what was coming.
“And honestly, we can save ourselves almost a million dollars a year if we fired all of you and outsourced the work to China or something.”
“China?”
“China. It's the new India.” Richaard chimed in for the first time. “And I'm confidant their transposition errors won't cost the company another million in losses like you eighteen have.”
 Steven knew he made mistakes sometimes, but he was sure they all couldn't have been his.
“If it makes you feel any better Mr. Matthews,” Roger began, “if we were able to keep maybe one or two of you, you'd have had the job.” Roger smiled and wiped some sweat from his forehead. It was a lie, he planned on saying this to each of them. He just thought this would comfort them.
“Definitely,” Richaard said, tugging at his neck brace trying to let some air flow around his neck. He was tall and olive skinned with an over-gelled comb over. He was the perfect combination of creepy and scheming. 
“Thanks.” Steven wasn't sure what to say to that, so he just kept it at that. He didn't feel any better and it did nothing to comfort him.
“But not because you were the best or anything,” Richaard continued and chuckled as he turned to look at Roger.
“Oh definitely not,” Roger added.
“Now that you don't work here anymore, I guess we can tell you.”
 Steven, already dumbfounded wasn't sure what to expect to hear.
“Steven, did you know you were the lowest paid data entry here?” Richaard asked, knowing that Steven had no idea.
“What?”
“The highest paid was making a little over 55.”
“55?” Steven was shocked.
“That would be a guy named...Nate Henderson.”
“Him?”
“Went in every six months and asked for a raise. So did the other sixteen. And they all got it. Not you, Steven...”
“Although we appreciate your dedication to the company, we're still going to have to let you go.”
“If we had anticipated creating any new jobs due to the restructuring that will inevitably occur we'd have kept you in mind.”
“But we don't plan on it. So, good luck in your future career endeavors.”
“Put us down if you need a reference, but please leave. I'd hate to call security and have them escort you out.”
 Steven left. He walked past stares from his co-workers, to his cubicle; he knew maybe two of their names, not that they knew his though. He figured most would get the axe later today or next week. He was glad he got it today. There was no way they would get through all people on this floor today and it would have killed Steven if he had to wait over the weekend. He picked up his belongings in the cubicle, which was really only his blank coffee cup and walked away. He didn't bother looking back one last time; it was too plain to even try to remember.
 He walked outside. It was still mid-morning, so the sky was still gray. He walked about fifteen minutes away from the building and into a park he remembered seeing once. He found an empty bench and sat down to contemplate his next life step. It wasn't difficult finding a bench as they were all free. However, all the benches were covered in bird crap so he did have to search for one with none, or at least one that appeared to be covered in dry droppings. 
 Steven sat in his gray mood in his gray city in a gray park. It was all quite fitting. The gray clouds overheard hinted at rain, but it was mostly smoke and smog overhead and not rain clouds at all. The deterioration of his northern American city was a constant reminder. Jobs disappearing, and with them hopes and dreams of thousands. Fortunately, Steven hadn't had either in quite some time. The first thing that came to his mind was the lack of funding for his new TV. He had aspirations of complimenting it with a surround sound system, but obviously that would be put on hold now. 
 He looked at the playground. It was void of children but not because it was a school day. Friday is a school day, but it was still summer, so school wasn't exactly in session. The kids were probably at home playing video games or watching TV. The playground's bright reds and blues had faded into orange tints of rust and dust. Handprints could be seen over layers of dust but newer layers had tried to cover those, too. It was a sad thing to look at. He remembered growing up in a much smaller town. He dreamed of moving to a city when he was younger, and he did. It wasn't exactly the big city everybody dreams of moving to, but he compromised and was content with his job and his routine. Now he had no job and his lunch routine should be starting about now. He decided to skip it, too. Why not? He'd be forced to start a new routine anyway, why not start now?
 He sat in the park and wondered why there was no grass and why there were no trees. He remembered parks being full of grass and trees. Now here he was in the middle of a city sitting in a park that looked like it was in the middle of winter, minus the snow. The few trees that were there were leafless and dead. Grass had been dried up and become dirt. Concrete was everywhere. It was eerily silent here. Streets surrounded the park, but car engines were only faintly heard.
 He looked up at the buildings around the park. Some were tall and others were shorter, but all seemed old and gray. Windows hadn't been washed in months. Inside, thousands of people worked behind computer screens. They all worked the same hours, doing something they had never imagined they would ever do, yet some were okay with what their existence had evolved into. And soon, he would be in a new building doing the exact same thing. He probably wouldn't have the same job or do anything similar to what he had been doing, but he sort of had a college degree, and he imagined that would allow him to find some job doing something simple alongside thousands of other people just like him. And he looked forward to finding this new job. He didn't know what else he could do, so he accepted his fate of working in a dead end job in a dying city. Was it terrible to not want something more?
 He realized he had lost control of his life. As terrifying as it was, he remembered feeling the same way ten years ago when he graduated college. He went away for college and when he finished, he wasn't exactly sure what he was supposed to do next. It was a terrifying feeling, looking for a job anywhere. He settled on Ohio, not because the job or the city was particularly appealing, but because it was the furthest away. He just wanted to escape, and ten years later, he wasn't sure if he should start over again. He could try to find a job in a new city, have a fresh start, and a second chance at life, but he didn't have the courage or energy to try it again.
 He sat in the park that entire day. He didn't really contemplate anything more; he just sat there trying to think of nothing. He wanted to clear his mind and tried to mimic what he saw Zeke doing during his short stint in jail. It didn't go well. So he started to fret and fretting turned into worry and worrying turned into more worry. 
 Before long, Steven realized he had spent all day in the 'park.' He got up, brushed off the dust that had settled on him and walked towards his car. Whether there really was dust on him was unclear. It could be that Steven assumed dust would congregate around him considering the decaying state of the city. So he wiped himself off, dust or no dust, just in case. Gray was all around him, no wonder he felt compelled to wipe himself off. He likened his city in decline to an eighteenth century London, except the grime in eighteenth century London signaled technological advancement, and here it only reminded him of morbidity. Smokestacks were everywhere with the sole purpose of spitting clouds of sulfur and ash into the air. Although there really was no sulfur being spit into the air, there certainly was a lot of pollution expelled in this city. Steven imagined as he was walking that he was walking through unseen clouds of pollution, which he likened to clouds of despair that would likely trail him for eternity. And by eternity, he meant until he found himself a new job.
 The sun had just set, so the gray turned to black. Fitting, Steven thought, since his nice day in the park had turned into a dismal day of self pity. He felt bad for himself. He had a college degree in nothing useful: English. Everybody had a Masters in something nowadays and he'd only worked for businesses nobody's ever heard of. There was no way he could compete for any decent job. He'd have to settle for another low-paying cubicle job doing mindless work. He didn't hate it and he didn't hate himself for his lack of opportunity. Right now, he just wasn't looking forward to changing his routine. He'd have to find some other place to have lunch, he could no longer wake up exactly at 6:45 anymore if his commute time changed, meaning he'd have to change the time he went to sleep and maybe even the day he did his laundry. He wasn't looking forward to this change at all. He realized he had become his grandfather, a bitter, old, and lonely man.
 He sat in his car and drove home, just missing traffic. It was one of those drives where he spaced out for its entirety and came to the minute he threw it into park in front of his apartment. He walked towards his door, defeated. He had trouble doing the most mundane tasks: opening his car door, walking, and pulling his keys out of his pocket (he wasn't sure why he put his keys in his pockets after taking them out of the ignition instead of keeping them in his hands; he needed them to unlock the front door). He turned the key, slowly opened the door, and walked inside to discover his dog had left him a nice surprise right behind the door, so as he opened the door he spread the feces all over his entryway. 
“Crap.” He meant that in both senses of the word.
“Surely, that was intentional. And you said you had no skill with words.” Mat's voice came from the area designated living room.
“Shit!” He jumped, stepping in the dog shit. “God...” He grumbled and complained as he took off his shoes and tiptoed around the mess. “How did you get in here?”
“I never go anywhere without my lock pick set. Never know when you need it. Like today.”
“Why?” Steven said, now in the kitchen getting a beer.
“To check on you.”
“Check on me why?”
“You weren't at the diner for lunch, so naturally, I was worried.”
“Worried about me?”
“Yeah. You have this routine that you're dead set on following, so when you weren't at the diner I assumed you had died or something.”
“Died?”
“Yeah, died. It's not unimaginable, someone your age, living your lifestyle, to just keel over one morning and wake up somewhere else, like a mortuary.”
“So when you broke in and realized I wasn't here, you just stayed?”
“Yeah. I brought you some chicken soup,” he said, pointing to a thermos on the counter behind him.”
 Steven usually had some patience with Mat. Today, he had more since he realized this kid was the closest thing he had to having anything in his life, so he bit his tongue.
“Are you okay, Steven?” Mat said, leaning forward towards the couch. His eyes finally caught Steven's after some effort. 
“I got laid off today.”
 He paused, leaned back, and contemplated what had just happened. It was almost as if some switch went off and the usually sarcastic, scintillating youth had morphed into a serious person. “How long will you be all right? Financially, I mean?”
 Steven hadn't expected this. “What?”
“Do you have enough money to live off for a while?”
“Uh...I think so.”
“Yes or no, Steven?”
“Yes. Yeah. I'll be fine.”
“Good. Okay.”
 There was a silence. Mat was doing more thinking and Steven wasn't really the conversationalist in the relationship, so the silence continued for some minutes while Mat sat with his chin in his hand. 
“What are you going to do?”	
“Fix my résumé this weekend, probably.”
“Good.”
“Look for a new job on Monday.”
“Okay.”
“Don't really know where...or really what I can do.”
“Anything? Anywhere?”
“Well, yeah. I mean I don't really have anything tying me down to this place. I mean, I don't even really like it that much...”
 Mat perked up at this and wandered over to the fireplace next to the television. He stared at some dusty candles on the mantle.
“You know, maybe this is a blessing. Maybe you can follow your dream now.”
 He chuckled and took a long sip of beer. “I don't have dreams, now.”
 Mat sat next to him. “Of course you do. Everyone has dreams. And yours, yours can come true. You just have to want it.”
“But I don't have one anymore. Look, I did, but that was a long time ago. Now, I just want to save enough money to buy a new TV. Nothing special, nothing extraordinary. I just want a simple life. And I have that here.”
“Steven. You're better than that, and you know it.”
 That was a false statement. “Maybe one day, but not now.”
 Mat wasn't about to be defeated so easily. “Give me a screenplay.”
“What?”
“You wanted to write films. Go give me a screenplay. I know you've written some and I know that you have them here.”
“I don't. Really.”
“How do you not have any?”
“They're at my parent's house.”
 Mat just gave a blank stare.
“I told you it isn't my dream anymore. I gave it up. It was a long time ago.”
“Your parents are still alive?”
“Yeah. Sorry if you thought you'd be free of yours soon. They never leave you alone.” But Steven actually hadn't talked to his parents in almost ten years, so they had left him alone.
“Where are the screenplays?”
“I told you.”
“Yeah, yeah. I mean where do your parents live.”
 He chuckled. “Kansas City. Sorry. Not here.”
 He smiled. “I know you've written since you've been here.”
“How?”
“Because I looked already.”
 Steven and Mat stared each other in the eyes. Neither wanting to budge or give up. Finally, mostly because Steven just wanted to be alone, got up and walked into his bedroom. He had stopped, just not right away. He'd written once in his time here, immediately when he got here, but he thought it was too difficult to try to continue writing.
 His room was bare and white, only a bed, nightstand and dresser. He reached into the sock drawer and pulled out about two or three dozen sheets of paper. He held his words in his hands and looked at the tattered cover complete with coffee stains and condensation rings from beer bottles. Oh, to look at his old coaster again. 
“Here.” He tossed it in his lap.
“Thanks.” He wasted no time opening it up.
“It's when I tried to write a book.”	
“A book?”
“Yeah. I'm going to eat the soup. You want some?”
“Nah, already ate.” The thermos was half full. “...some of the soup.”
 Steven walked into the kitchen and realized he never cleaned up after his dog, so he did that, washed his hands four times and nuked the soup because it was cold. He ate in silence across from Mat, trying to read his book. It wasn't even a book, he started writing it but he never finished. He wasn't a novelist and he knew it, so he wasn't expecting much, maybe some criticism towards his writing style that he could pretend that he'd implement one day.
 Eventually, Mat finished. “Nice.”
“Nice?
“Oh, now you want an opinion?”
“Well...kind of.”
“Okay. I think you moved everything too fast. I mean one day, the guy, Ryan, is in a penitentiary, and ten pages later he's in another state with his friend? It's too fast, there's no pacing to it. It works for some things, but I feel like you're just rushing the plot. You're losing out completely on character development, and I think that's some things writers should focus most of their attention on.”
 Mat wasn't finished, he was just thinking about what else to say.
“Your characters. You never give a physical description of them, I have no idea what this protagonist looks like, no idea where he's coming from. Actually, you don't ever describe anything. Everything feels so boring and empty. Writers are supposed to take the hand of the reader and walk them through each and every new place. You have to be the eyes for a blind person here. A reader is expecting you to tell them every detail about a room, a person, God...a remote control; they want to know how many buttons are on it. And here, there's nothing. I don't know what any of those characters look like except one or two line blurbs of shoddy physical appearances. And he's unhappy. Nobody likes an unhappy protagonist. They're supposed to be happy. Were you depressed when you wrote this?”	
“I told you I wasn't any good.”
“No.” He paused. “You're just not a good novelist. Screen writers don't need to go into much depth in those regards.” He was talking out of his ass. He had no idea about the differences between types of writing. But he did speak well enough to convince Steven. Then again, Steven could be talked into anything.
 Steven leaned back into the recliner and rubbed his eyes.
“I still think you should follow your dream. You never know, Steven, it could be your name in those credits that nobody cares stays to watch.” And he walked out the door, something that was unexpected. Maybe he thought that maybe if he left on that note, he'd seriously contemplate trying. But he didn't.
 Steven put his beer down on his old coaster and walked to the bathroom. He turned the water in the sink on and splashed water on his face. Maybe Mat is right, he's a smart kid. He dried his face and looked at himself in the mirror. It'd been a while since he really looked at himself; he didn't have any need to. His face had aged, considerably. Mat was right, his hair was receding. He wouldn't call it balding because it wasn't. His hair was short, almost cropped, so the receding hairline was more prominent. Spots of gray appeared above his ears announcing his age. His facial features still remained forgettable, he had an ordinary nose and small ears. He had a strong jaw and cold, brown eyes, which he liked. He wasn't that ecstatic about his appearance, but there was nothing he could do to fix it. So he lived with himself by avoiding mirrors and reflections. This was one of those rare times he chose to look at himself, and he regretted it immediately. He walked away and fell back into his chair. After half an hour he settled on a baseball game he really didn't care to watch and started to relax.
 It was just at the moment Steven finally began to unwind and settle down that Maximilian decided it was time to chew through the cord to the television. Sparks flew and the TV blew out. A yelp came out of the dog and sparks came out of him, too. And that's how Steven's dog died, trying to cause more discomfort to his master. 
 Maximilian never accepted having a human master, so he spent his entire adult life rebelling against him. When he was a puppy, he was ignorant and unaware and was happy chasing insects and shadows. So when he realized he was an enslaved creature, he fought it to the point of murder. He enjoyed making Steven's life miserable, whether it was defecating in his bed or moving objects around attempting to trip and impale Steven. He recently learned that the cord to the television allowed it to be on or off and knew how much of Steven's life revolved around the TV (about 24%). Maximilian thought that if Steven no longer had a television, he would be unhappy. He also knew that Steven had been saving up for a new one but was still well short of his goal. Maximilian was fluent in English, so deciphering Steven's words and intentions were no problem. 
 So there laid Maximilian's body, dead and lifeless, teeth still clinging to the cord. The TV had blown its fuse, so in a weird sense, he died how he would have wanted to die. Steven, although sad, saw this coming. He always knew that this is how Maximilian would die, trying to kill him or something similar. He pushed the power button on the remote out of habit and shook his head. It had been a crazy day and the only thing he wanted to do was end it, so he went to bed. When he laid down and closed his eyes, he was glad it would be over in a few hours. Then, he would get to wake up and do something different. He rolled over into dog crap. Great.
 It was a fitting end to his day. He showered, changed and slept on the couch because he didn't feel like dealing with that right that second. It was disgusting. 
#
 Steven woke up in a bad mood. He shouldn't have put everything off from the night before. He stumbled, half awake, to the smell of burnt dog. He uncoordinatedly walked into the bedroom, ripped the sheets off his bed, and walked through the kitchen to the closet door that hid his washer and dryer. After fixing that problem, he pulled a trash bag out from under the kitchen to use for Maximilian. He showered, which was the most stress-free part of the past two dozen hours. While he was opening his dresser drawer, he realized the lack of clothing choices he had. He threw on the shirt on top, a plain white undershirt and settled with that. He had no plans to doing anything that day.
 Then a knock came at the door. Steven walked to it and unlocked it. He didn't open it, Mat did that part himself.
“Good morning. We're going out. Let's go.” He smiled and noticed a haggard looking Steven. “What's that smell?”
“Maximilian electrocuted himself yesterday.” He was devoid of emotion.
“What? How?” Mat was actually kind of intrigued and kind of sad he missed it. He thought it sounded pretty cool.
“Cord to the TV. Chewed through it.”
“You watching it?
“Yeah.”
“Nice...” He said smiling. But then, in a completely serious and somber face, and blurted out, “I'm so sorry for your loss.” Steven just stood there. “But seriously, we're leaving. Gonna cheer you up.”
“Fine.” He could use some of that. He grabbed his keys and walked outside. 
“I'll meet you at your car. I'm just going to grab a bottle of water from the fridge.”
 Steven obeyed without objection and walked to his car. He sat down and started it, turned on the radio and began searching for something to listen to. He didn't think about it immediately, but Mat was taking longer than needed for just a bottle of water. About three or four minutes later, he emerged with a bottle of water. 
“Sorry. I needed to take a dump.” He smiled and opened the water. “We're going to my apartment. But first we need to stop somewhere.”
“Where?”
“My mother's apartment.”
“Okay...”
“I won't be long, just have to make sure she takes her medicine. You can come in and meet her if you want. She's kind of a mess, but she likes it when she has company.”
“Sure.” They had left the apartment complex already. “Mind if I stop and pick up a burger or something? I haven't eaten.”
“Yeah. Or you can have Nigel whip you something up. He makes a mean...anything really. Excellent cook.”
“Okay, okay. I'll wait.” He just didn't want to spend money. He felt a little guilty about getting a free meal, especially since the phrase 'there's no such thing as a free lunch' kept repeating itself in his mind.
 They drove to his mother's apartment, which incidentally was about ten minutes away from the shack that Mat first led him to. They parked. 
“Your Mom lives here?” Steven said, not really sure if he should believe Mat this time. It was in a dirty part of the city, cars were a rarity and the cars that were there were in the same or worse condition than Steven's. 
“Yeah, she lives here,” he said understanding the skeptical tone in his voice. 
 Steven just looked at the building. “You sure you want me to go inside?”
“Yeah, yeah. C'mon.”
 They walked towards the building.
“Mat, I don't understand. You and your mother are in such different...”
“...Economical situations. Yeah.”
“Can you? I mean I don't mean to be nosy or anything.”
 They walked up a flight of stairs.
“Not at all, not at all. You're my friend. No reason you shouldn't know.”
 Steven smiled.
“And we're going to have plenty of time to explain a lot of things.”
 They reached a door.
“But now is not the time.” He opened the door. “Later. I promise.”
 That left Steven more curious, but he accepted it. It only added to his suspicion.
“Mom?” Mat called.
 The apartment was a mess. Trash was thrown everywhere, food was left out, most with mold covering it. A cat jumped down from a counter and approached Steven. It looked emaciated, too scared to eat the moldy food. The lights were off and Mat walked into another dark room. There were no decorations or pictures and just a torn couch in the living room.
“Mom, I brought my friend Steven that I was telling you about earlier.”
 Great, he'd talked to his mom about him. 
“Steven, come here.”
 He walked into the room. “Nice to meet you.”
 She tried to smile and managed a “hello.” She was a tiny woman, probably barely ten years older than Steven. Her brown and gray hair was long and uncombed. She looked like she hadn't moved from her room in quite some time. She was in a chair, but the chair wasn't under a desk or anything, she was just sitting in a chair facing nothing.
 Mat looked in his pockets for something, but couldn't seem to find it. “Steven, I think I dropped something in your car, can I have your keys to get it?”
 He absentmindedly handed him the keys and stood in the room with his mom. After the door slammed, she came to life.
“I want to thank you for being friends with Mathew. He really has been struggling since he got back and all. He's had a really tough time re-adjusting with life here. It's a lot different than it is here.” 
 She was mostly speaking to the wall in front of her, but Steven stayed quiet to see what he could learn.
“Yeah...”
“I mean, it's like he came back out to a completely different place. It's not the place it used to be. And it's been hard coming back to his friends. He said they're like different people now, or they changed or he changed or something. Somebody changed.”
 Steven just listened, getting more and more curious.
“And of course, it's difficult with his illness.”
“Illness?” Steven asked. He then pieced together that every action by Mat, the ‘seize the opportunity’ crap and rash decision to befriend a stranger made sense if he had cancer or something.
“His mental illness.”
 Steven must have looked lost.
“I'm sorry. I thought he had told you. I shouldn't have said anything.”
 She sat in silence for a minute or two before Mat walked back in. “Sorry.” He handed his mom a vial of pills and smiled at Steven. “Okay, Mom. I guess this is it.”
“Okay.” She seemed apathetic with his visit. But then she opened the vial, took out a large pill and stuck it in her mouth. She swallowed them with water. “Take care.”
 He hugged her and stepped back. “You, too.”
 Mat and Steven left. Mat looked really upset, but Steven didn't ask; he just drove to his apartment. He told him to park in the visitors' lot, across a small lawn from where they parked last time. When they got there, Nigel was standing close to the door in anticipation of their arrival. 
“Good afternoon, Master Flowers.”
“Hi Nigel.” He said, walking towards the kitchen. He sat at the bar that wrapped around the kitchen counter. 
“Can I prepare you something for lunch?”
“What do you want?” Mat asked Steven who was joining him at the bar. He threw his keys next to him on the counter and sat down.
“I don't care.”
“Grilled cheeses.”
“Yes, sir.” And he walked into the kitchen and prepared the sandwiches in the most mechanical fashion Steven had ever seen anybody cook.
“They're really good.” Mat said to Steven. 
 As it turns out, Nigel was an amazing cook. He turned the simplest dish into something so much more. Flavors exploded in Steven's mouth. The best part was, when he finished, Nigel handed him another. He ate four sandwiches. He was also so lost in the taste that he had hardly noticed that Mat had gotten up and was talking to somebody at the door. But he didn't care, he was enjoying the food. He felt that he deserved to get lost in something, even if only for a few minutes. When he finished, he smiled and thanked Nigel. Nigel bowed ever so slightly and proceeded to wash the dishes.
“Nigel. It's been nice. Take care, okay?” Mat said. “Hey asshole!” Steven shouted towards the back room.
“What?” A shout came back.
“I'm leaving!”
“Fuck you.” And that was that exchange.
“Ready?” Mat asked Steven.
 He wasn't exactly sure what he was talking about but agreed anyway.
 Mat picked up two duffel bags and started towards the door. Steven assumed his keys were in his pocket, something he usually does, but they weren't.
“We're taking a cab. I don't have my car right now, but we're going somewhere and you have to trust me on this. Okay?”
 Steven was getting worried. “Okay...”
“Just...don't ask any questions until we're there. Okay?”
“Okay.”
“Here, take these bags. I'm going to meet the cab downstairs. Follow me.”
 Mat had brilliantly given Steven the bags to keep his mind from surveying the surroundings. Because if he didn't have those bags in his hands, he surely would have noticed that his car was not where he parked it. But he didn't, so the two got in the cab with their two heavy duffel bags and drove off. The only risk here was that one of the bags he was carrying was his own, but he hadn't used it in years, so he didn't recognize it.
 Steven was really good about not asking where they were going, at least until they pulled into the airport.
“Where are we going?” Steven frantically asked Mat. He recalled his mother mentioning something about a mental illness, which only seemed to exacerbate his panic.
“You said you wouldn't ask until we reached our destination.” He looked at his watch. “We still have about...four, five hours.”
“Thirty-four dollars,” the cabbie said as he stopped in front of the terminal doors.
 Mat paid him and got out.
“No,” Steven said, as he got out of the cab and argued with Mat over the roof of the car. Mat pulled the duffel bags out of the trunk and the taxi drove off.
“Too late,” Mat said and walked inside.
 Steven frantically followed.
“Listen, I'm not going to follow you to the end of the earth.”
“We're not going that far. It's like a three, four hour flight.”
“Mat, I appreciate what you're trying to do for me. But I think I can handle my own life.”
“Steven, I'm your friend and I'm just worried about you right now.”
“What?”
“So that's why I sold all your stuff.” He took some bills out of his pocket. “You now have $6,675. Here. And I bought us two tickets – on me – to Los Angeles, where you will pursue your dream of being a screenwriter.” He smiled, waiting for a 'thank you.'
“You...you sold all my stuff?”
“Well, not the clothes and papers in your duffel bag, obvi.”
 Steven's blood was slowly rising to a boil. 
“Let's just look at the facts, Steven. You don't have a job. You won't have a job anytime soon. This is a gift from me, offering you a new life somewhere. I'm paying for your plane ticket to start this new life. You don't have anything tying you here and I know you can be happy somewhere else. That's basically what you were saying last night.” He walked to the self-check in kiosk and started to get their tickets.
“Mat, I don't need your help, I'm perfectly content here. I don't want to move and I definitely didn't want to sell all my stuff.”	
“Well, really after I sold your car and your few kitchen appliances, there wasn't really anything left to sell. Most of it's in your...”
“That's not the point!” he shouted. A mother and her daughter nearby heard the shout. Worried, she picked up her pace, almost dragging her daughter behind her. “If I wanted to do any of this, I would have done it myself!”
“Would you?” 
“Would I what?”
“Would you move away and start a new life, Steven. Let's be honest.”
 Steven couldn't say anything, because he knew the answer was the one Mat wanted to hear. 
“There. You wouldn't. So give me a week and if it doesn't work out, I'll get you back here and you can start your dead-end life.”
 He still kept quiet.
“Deal?”
“Fine. But you're paying for everything.”
“Already was.”
“Deal.” He was still reluctant, but he hadn't had anything close to a vacation since he lived with his parents. And even then, it was only to Branson.
“Good.” He started walking towards security. “Though, it was nice seeing some emotion come out of you.”
 They started through security, taking off their shoes. They passed through security after twenty minutes. Mat had to go through a second time because he left some change in his pocket. Both of them had to get patted down right before being cleared. This led to a short bout of questioning, to which they apparently gave satisfactory answers. After the usual hoopla and headaches that accompany going through airport security, they made it to their gate. 
“You hungry?”
“We just ate,” Steven said.
“Yeah, I know. But I'm hungry again. I'm going to find a burger or something. You want something?”
“No thanks.”
“I'll be back then.” He got up and left Steven alone.
 While one was excited about the trip, the other was pretty annoyed. He figured he would be back in a week and he could start the job search then. In the mean time, he tried to relax and enjoy his trip out west. 
 Mat came back and threw a burger into Steven's lap. “Just in case.” He said, sitting down. Steven could get used to this. “Thanks.”
 They ate their burgers before getting on the plane. They sat next to each other on the plane, Steven, slightly embarrassed he was furious about an hour earlier. The plane took off, despite Steven's emotions, and the two found themselves about four hours away from Los Angeles. 
“What's the plan then?” Steven turned to Mat.
“I'm glad you asked. Monday morning, we have a meeting with your new agent, Mike Samuel. Then, Tuesday and Wednesday we'll be in and out of meetings with studios, thanks to Mike.”
“What're we really doing?”
 He smiled and patted his knee. “That is what we're really doing.”
“How?”
“I know a guy.” He was still grinning. “Don't worry about it. This is something a friend does for a friend.”
“We're really doing all that?”
“Of course.” He closed his eyes and leaned back into his seat. “So in the mean time, try to relax; we have a busy week ahead of us.”
 He complied and closed his eyes.
“And if all goes according to plan, you'll be busy for a long time, my friend.” 
#	
 When they woke up, they were three time zones away. 
“Welcome to sunny Los Angeles: the city that never sleeps.” Mat smiled, getting up. Steven didn't think that sounded right, but he accepted it anyway. 
 The two left the airport, duffel bags in hand, and got into a pre-arranged car. He had experienced two unexpected Saturdays in a row.


CHAPTER THREE

“Manuel, my friend. How are you doing?” Mat asked the driver after patting him on the shoulders.
“It's been a while. I'm doing good. Real good, actually. You have no idea how much this pays,” He said as smiled in the rear view mirror. 
“Manuel, this is my friend Steven. He's here to write movies.”
“Yeah?” The car took off. 
“That's the plan,” Steven said unconvinced.
“Nice.” Beat. “I always had this idea for a movie. It's got a shark who is raised by fish when he was a pup. Then, he starts to grow up and he realizes that he has this unquenchable thirst for fish blood. So, he has to work around that. What'd ya think?”
 Steven actually hadn't been listening, he'd been admiring the scenery. “Sounds good. I'll remember it.” 
“Heh. Make sure you send me a check when that happens. Okay?”
“Sure thing.” But his mind was elsewhere. He had never been to California before. Thinking about it, he'd never been further west than Topeka. It was bright outside, and it was quite different than the gray city he just left. People were outside enjoying themselves and the sun. Steven really didn't think that the rest of the world would be that much different. He had only seen the Midwest in his life.
 Seeing Los Angeles in the summer was almost magical for Steven. The gray of his fading industrial city seemed to have sucked the life right out of him. It was as if the gray and the dust were dementors sucking the happiness right out of him. And here, there was none of that, at least it appeared there was none of that right now. He was in the backseat of a nice car, protected from the outside. Obviously, being Los Angeles, there was more decay and despair than in all the cities in the Midwest and North combined. But Steven, who had never visited this crippled city, was ignorant at what lurked beneath the surface. So, he just stared out his window, with his hands and face pressed against it like a child seeing snow for the first time. 
 Steven was so focused with what was outside of the car, that he hadn't noticed that a conversation took place without him. He still didn't pay attention; he assumed it was a conversation between two friends who hadn't seen each other in a long time. Manuel and Mat had been friends for many years and they hadn't seen each other in a long time, so this time Steven's assumption was correct. Maybe he was getting better at assuming things. 
 The car pulled into a small U-shaped structure of motels. Of course, it had a flashing flamingo sign and an old pool around which the elderly and prostitutes congregated. Steven looked at Mat.
“What'd you expect?”
“I don't know.”
“It's just a starting place. Everybody has to start somewhere.”
“Trust me, friend,” Manuel started. “This is a hundred times nicer than where I started.”
 Steven managed to smile and opened the car door. 
“I'll get us checked in,” Mat said and walked inside.
 Manuel got out of the car, too, and stretched. “How long have you known Mat?” 
 Steven looked at him. “Oh, I don't know. Long enough.”
 He chuckled. “That's how it always is...That's how it always is.”
 Steven put his arms on the roof of the car now. “Between you and me...Is he always this...”
“Much?” He started trying to finish his sentence.
 Steven smiled and nodded.
“He cares a lot about other people. Sometimes it might feel like it's too much, but his heart's always in the right place.”
 Steven nodded and made a mental note of that.
“Just be glad you didn't make an enemy of him.” He got serious all of a sudden. “He's ruined people before.”
“Oh.” Steven made a mental note to not forget that advice either. Then he worried. He recalled what Mathew's mother told him had earlier that day. Was that only today? It had been a long day for Steven, who had woken up that morning without the faintest hint of going to sleep in California later that day. “Listen...did you ever meet his mom?”
 He squinted in the sunlight trying to catch his eyes. “She's a piece of work. She never handled it well when her husband left her ‘bout five, six years ago. Mat was all she had left, and taking care of her was hard enough for him. Too much, if you ask me.”
“She okay, though?”
“She's as okay as she can be. She's an addict. That's why he gets her pills, I'm sure that's why you're asking me this. The pills?”
“Yeah.” It was as if he knew what he was going to ask. Actually, if Steven had been eavesdropping in the conversation in the car, he would have heard Mat explain to Manuel he thought Steven was concerned by what he had seen earlier. Manuel was only trying to be a good friend to Mat and to delicately explain the situation to Steven.
“After his dad left them, she started taking pain killers, muscle relaxers, anything really. So, Mat goes in every two weeks to get some prescriptions for her. She thinks he's bipolar, but he goes in with all the symptoms and everything so he can get Lithium and Xanax and he gives it to her. Sometimes he brings her pain killers, too, but that's not legit or anything. He just doesn't want her getting it off the street like she used to. Nearly died last time she did, so he does it himself. He doesn't like it, but he loves her so much, he doesn't really know what else to do.”
 This shocked Steven. But it did explain why Mat's mother said those things. She must think he really is sick. 
“He cares too much about people. That'll be what does him in one day.”
 Steven watched his facial expressions. They were honest expressions. He really did care about his friend. After years of knowing Mat, it was hard not to care just as much for him.
“Just watch out for him, okay?”
“Of course.” His voice was weak and cracked. He was sincere, too, which surprised him.
“He's more innocent than you'd think. Still thinks there's good in everybody.”
 Mat emerged from the office.
“Swear?” Manuel hurried.
“I swear.” Steven said somberly. He wasn't sure what he was getting into, but he felt obligated to care as much as they cared about people.
“Okay. Room 213,” Mat said getting closer to the car. “Manuel, I'm sure we'll see each other more often, now I'm out here.”
“Of course, of course.” He smiled. “When I'm not working.”
“Heh. You ever not work?”
“Not a chance. I gotta run. I'm fifteen minutes late.” The two old friends embraced and patted each other's backs signaling it was a completely heterosexual embrace.
“See you soon.” Mat called after him.
“Yeah, good to meet you.” He called after Steven, who understood Manuel's silent reminder to watch over their mutual friend.
“Yeah, you, too.” And he drove off.
“All right. Let's get settled,” Mat said walking towards their room. “You jet lagged at all?”
“I'm exhausted.”	
“Me, too.” Beat. “There's a burger place across the street. You wanna grab dinner and then call it a day?”
“It's 4:30.”
“Yeah, but it's 7:30 back home.”
“True.” They threw their stuff in their room. It was a basic motel room with two double beds, a bathroom in the back, a mini fridge and a crappy 13” TV. “Let's go.”
“Good. I'm starving.”
#
“Do you ever get tired of cheeseburgers?” Steven asked.
“What?” He asked rhetorically with a full mouth.
“This is all we've eaten today. Cheeseburgers. One here and one in the airport.”
“No, we ate those grilled cheese sandwiches Nigel made.”
“Oh yeah.”
“Good, right?”
“Delicious. How did you end up with a butler?” Now this time, Steven's mouth was full.
“Traffic accident. Didn't have insurance.”
“You're kidding. They don't really do that, do they?”
“It's from a TV show. Thought you of all people, you would pick up on it.”
 Steven laughed. The two had finally started to get along, or at the very least, completely mutual companionship. It was a fairly unconventional method of making friends.
“Raddick. Raddick is loaded. His dad does something with computer chips or something. I'm just along for the ride. I've known Raddick since high school. Kept him from getting beat up, rewarded me by letting me live with him. Karma.”
“I don't think karma works like that.”
 Mat shrugged it off without correction or discussion.
“And you just walked away from that?”
“The nice set up? Can't mooch off him forever. Besides, I didn't like mooching. Always felt like I was invading his space. So now I'm off trying to figure out my own thing. Failing that, I've still got a year left of school.”
 Steven didn't reply.
“Like you're doing, trying to figure out your place in the world.”
“I still think my place is in Ohio.”
“Steven,” He was swallowing his last bite. “Look me in the eyes and tell me you don't like it more here than there.”
 He looked him in the eye, prepared to tell him what was asked of him. But he couldn't. “Screw you.”
 He chuckled. “Screw me for making you realize something you didn't want to realize?”
“Exactly.”
 He smiled. “You're welcome. Let's go to sleep.”
“Nightcap?” Steven said, asking for a drink.
 He chuckled again. “Steven, you know what drinking leads to.”
“What?” 
“More drinking.” He smiled. “And we have a meeting at 9 tomorrow.”
“It's 5:15.”
“True story.”
 So the two had one beer and then another before leaving to sleep.
#
“Okay, remember to relax. Just be confidant and don't make anything up. Someone told me they scalped people who lie to agents,” Mat said, dusting off the shoulders of Steven's suit despite there being no dust. He had formed the habit of assuming dust immediately settles on a sitting person.
 They were sitting in a large hallway. It wasn't as long as it was tall. Wood lined the walls, rising at least fifteen feet to an opaque glass ceiling. Opaque glass squares also lined the walls behind the two, letting some light fight the dark room. Its battle was recorded by shadows on the white and black tiled floor. Their voices had a slight echo to them, due to the room's emptiness. The only furniture in the hallway was the large glass desk of the secretary on his right. It all felt so rich and foreign, so Hollywood. It was just as Steven imagined years ago.
“Where did you get all these?” Steven asked, looking though his new briefcase filled with screenplays he had written when he was in high school and in college. He was baffled. He never expected to see any of these again.
“Oh you know. I called your parents and asked them to overnight them to me.”
“My what?!” He was shocked but more upset.
“Your parents. Oh, your mom says 'hello' and she'd like you to call them when you get a chance. Should've remembered that by myself.” He stopped fixing Steven's suit and tried his best to look like a disapproving parent himself. “What kind of son doesn't call his parents in ten years?”
 Steven was speechless. “You called my parents?”
“Mr. Matthews? Mr. Bracey will see you now,” the secretary said.
“We'll talk about this later.”
“Go get'em tiger.” Mat offered his support, which Steven received by returning a sarcastic glare.
 Steven walked past the secretary and into a large office. There were glass windows all along the back wall and wood paneling, that watched the sitting room outside. The only thing in the office was a large glass desk and a laptop. No paintings, nothing hanging on the walls. Two plush chairs were on the side closer to Steven while a man, who looked like he was about twenty-five, sat with a bluetooth headset in his ear.
“Mr. Flowers, please.” He motioned to the chair on the left, which Steven took. “I've heard a lot about you.
 How? “Thanks.”
“Okay. I'm your agent, Stephan Bracey.” 
“Stephan,” he said, shaking his hand. 
“All right, I've read some of your screenplays. There's definitely a lot worse that I've read.”
“Really?” It was the nicest thing somebody had said to him in quite some time.
“Yeah, they weren't bad.”
“Thanks...” He was more surprised than Stephan was.
“But...It will still be hard to get a studio to sign on to one of these.”
“Okay...”
“I've got you an appointment tomorrow with FOX in the morning and one with Universal in the afternoon.”
“Really?”
“Yeah. Then on Wednesday we're going to meet with some independent filmmakers. And if that fails, we can still try, but really, the way it works is it's more of a pitch and hope somebody nibbles at it. After that, then you go back, write some more and do it all again. Okay?”
“Okay...”
“You have anymore?”
“Anymore screenplays?”
“Yeah. You have any more screenplays?”
“No. I haven't written in at least ten years.”
“Shit. Don't mention that. If they ask, you wrote...” He was looking at the title of a screenplay he had lying on his desk. “The Strawberry Picker...last year.”
“That's the one you liked the best?”
“Yeah, it was hilarious.”
“It's not a comedy.”
“Shit. Don't tell them that either. I've sent that one and three others ahead of you, so a reader's already read it and that's probably what they're going to talk to you about. They call it a comedy, just go with it.”
“Okay.”
“Yeah. Now get out of here, I have a meeting in two minutes. I'll be in touch with you tomorrow to see how it all goes.”
“Yeah. Thanks.”
“You're welcome. But I'm serious about you leaving.”
 So Steven walked out, with a false sense of superiority in his skill as a writer. 
“How'd it go?” Mat asked.
“I think it went well. I'm still not entirely sure what happened.”
“He get you any meetings?”
“I have four over the next two days.”
“That's good.”
“Okay. Good. What now?”
“Hungry?”
“I feel like all we do is eat...” Steven said and they walked out the building, he wasn't complaining.
#
 Later that evening, they were eating in the same restaurant as yesterday. They were eating cheeseburgers again, something that never seemed to get old. Steven was overjoyed that the agent liked what he had written, although he never explicitly said that.
“How long have you lived in Ohio?” Mat was growing increasingly tired of his peppiness, so he changed the subject to something that he knew would kill it.
“What? Uh, ten years.”
“You've been at your job for five, what did you do before data entry?”
“I did the same thing at another company.”
“Really?”
“Really.” And he sipped his beer, acknowledging how anti-climatic his life sounded.
“So, I was doing some math in my head right there. You haven't talked to your parents since you moved?”
“Nope. I was kinda hoping it'd stay that way, too.”
“Oh...”
 Steven didn't say anything else.
“Sorry. I just thought...you know, that you still talked to your parents. Most people do.”
“Do you still talk to your father?”
“Of course.” He smiled. “How do you think I have my car?”
 Steven smiled, but he focused on his beer. He started thinking about the past, and the past isn't exactly the best place to keep one's mind.
“How did they sound?”
“Who?”
“My mom.”	
“Okay, I guess. She said they were upset you hadn't talked to them in so long, but they understood. So my question to you now is, why haven't you talked to them in so long.”
“That,” he said taking his last sip, “is a long story. And I'm sure we'll have plenty of time to talk about this later. Just not today.” He was having a good day and didn't want to ruin it.
“I'll hold you to it.”
“Fine. But not until I'm ready. Deal?”
“Fine. We should probably go to sleep soon. Another long day tomorrow.”
“Fine.” For an alleged writer, Steven didn't have that varied of a vocabulary.
 Mat paid and the two returned to their motel room. Steven's boring office routine had now become a routine of waking up, going to meetings, and eating. He was still going to sleep around the same time and waking up at the same time, just three hours earlier. To Mat, it was still more about doing this for Steven, not that he was motiveless. For Steven, it was still slavery to something else, but he was happy that this was making somebody happy, even if it wasn't himself. If only they could be open about their true feelings, it would have spared them a whole lot of energy going in and out of meetings neither was really looking forward to attending.
 Despite Steven's pleasure regarding the meeting with his agent, writing was still a painful thing to do. It constantly reminded him of home and everything associated with it. His brain flashed painful memories which only made him want to write less and less. Trying to fall asleep, he clenched his teeth at the mere thought of his younger brother. He drifted off to sleep imagining he was doing horrible, painful things to him as revenge. 
#
“Stephan call you?”
“No, he said he was going to do that after the meetings.”
“Did he give you any advice?”
“Should he have?”
“I've never done this before.”
“You never told me how you got all this set up...”
“I know a guy.”
“That's how you answer that? You know a guy?”
“He went to high school with me, left half way through when he was in some movie. Just focus on giving an amazing pitch. Okay?”
“Okay.”
 They were both nervous.
“Never thought you'd be here last week, did you?”
 Steven looked around. Marble floors stretched in every direction and chandeliers hung from the ceilings. This is not what he expected a movie studio to look like. But it wasn't a movie studio, it was an office.
“Not at all.” He said wiping his moist palms on his pants.
“Mr. Matthews. You can go in now.”
 He was starting to get used to that, though he felt like he was in a doctor's office instead of waiting for a business meeting. Steven walked in to the office. It was surprisingly similar to Stephan's office; high ceilings, well lit, large windows, etc. He started wondering if all offices of people in the movie business looked this way, thinking it was terribly uncreative for somebody who was supposedly creative. He thought that was a hilarious idea, which might be good evidence for Steven not being in the movie industry; it wasn't as funny a concept as he thought.
“Mr. Matthews,” said the large man standing up. “Donald Yates. This is Hubert Fleffer.” 
“Donald,” Steven said shaking his hand. And taking Hubert's, “Hubert.”
“Huh-behrrr.” He corrected Steven's pronunciation. 
 He sat and the two started speaking. 
“We weren't too impressed with your scripts, to be honest.” Hubert started. “This 'Strawberry Picker,' it seems too racist to be put on screen.”
“Not that it wasn't funny, it was so funny, my reader suggested I read it. And I agreed.”
“But in today's political climate towards immigrants, we feel that it's not the right time or place to have this made.”
 Steven just sat, trying not to argue that it was a drama intended to make the audience cry.
“And that's about that.” Donald looked over to Hubert. “Was this really necessary? Couldn't we just have called him on the phone?”
“What was wrong with my other ones?”
“The same old dried up stuff. We've heard all these movies dozens of times before. You want us to just go on making the same movie over and over again? Studios don't make money that way. Your stories were dry and over-used, not to mention seriously unrealistic.”
“Well...”
“Unless you have something where a couple of guys go on a...a marijuana or an alcohol-fueled adventure? Those are guaranteed blockbusters.” Hubert explained.
“Or a crime thriller? Medical mystery only to have a seriously flawed doctor? Anything?” Donald asked.
“Unless you have any other pitches,” Hubert offered.
 Steven started to panic. This wasn't the dream he wanted anymore but still he felt like he should want this more than anything. He suddenly realized he preferred this to going back to Ohio. Despite the absurdness of the thought, he felt like he should still try to fight for this; Mat had gone through what he imagined was a lot of trouble, so he felt like he owed it to him to try.
“Well, I have one story I've been working on.”
“Yes?”
“It's...about a shark.” For some reason Manuel's idea was the only thing that popped into his head. He panicked, so he just continued telling the pitch. “He gets raised by fish because his parents died when he was a pup.”
“Go on...” 
“Anyway, the shark gets older and older and starts to feel like he's unfulfilled. He's never eaten a fish before, but obviously, since he's a shark, that's what he's craving. So he wakes up one day to realize that he's eaten half of his school. He gets cast out and has to struggle with being a fish or being a shark.”
 The two looked at each other. Steven wasn't sure if they were interested or not.
“And this is your idea?”
“Yes,” he lied.
“Disney doesn't have a story like this?”
“Disney? Fish get murdered by the protagonist. They wouldn't touch something like that.”
 They looked at each other, as if trying to read the other's mind. Then it appeared that they accomplished that feat and almost simultaneously stood up. 
“Thank you, but we don't think that we would have a market for that either.”
“Or really, which market a movie like that would target.”
“Thank you for your time, Mr. Matthews.” And Donald gestured for the door.
 Steven walked out, defeated. Mat saw the disappointment on Steven's face and decided against saying anything. As soon as they got into the taxi Mat had hailed, Steven's phone rang.
“Don't worry about your meeting with Universal,” Stephan said on the phone.
“What?”
“They hated your scripts. So they canceled the meetings.”
“Oh.”
“How did it go with FOX?”
“I guess about the same as with Universal.”
“That bad, huh?”
“Worse.”
“Well, you've still got those indies tomorrow. And they eat up the weirdest shit, especially that bigoted 'The Strawberry Picker' of yours. Don't worry about it, this happens all the time.”
“Really?”
“Well, not usually to my clients, but I hear about it happening a lot out there. Keep your chin up. I'll call you tomorrow.”
“Okay.” But his agent hung up the phone before Steven could manage his weak 'okay.'
 They spent the cab ride back without talking. It wasn't until they got back to the motel that Mat finally spoke. “What time should we leave for the meeting with the Universal guys?”
“We're not going.”
“It was one meeting that didn't go well. It might be different.” He spoke softly, as if not to stir around bad feelings.
“No. They read my scripts, they didn't like them.”
“Oh...” 
“Did you even read anything I wrote?”
“Well, not exactly.”
“Let's go get a drink.” He realized what he already knew. He didn't really have any talent. He was embarrassed that he had disillusioned himself into thinking he did for a split second. 
“Yeah, sure.” 
 They walked to a bar about a block down, again mostly in silence. It was a dive, peanut shell had littered the ground for what appeared to be weeks. It reeked of sweat and stale beer, but they sat down at the bar anyway. 
“Two beers,” Mat ordered.
“And two shots of vodka,” Steven added. 
 Neither wanted to start talking. Steven really didn't feel like talking and Mat felt like he had already overstepped his boundaries.
“I didn't think you cared about this.”
“I didn't either.”
“Well, we can make it work.”
“Yeah? I don't know what I want anymore.”
“Talk it out,” he said, taking his beer. 
“Look, I was content in Ohio,” he said, taking one shot. Mat had reached for the other, but Steven reached for it quicker. “So here I am, in California. I have no idea what I'm doing here. I met with some guys from FOX this morning. God...I must be in a coma or something.” He looked up at the ceiling and started shouting, “Okay, this was great! Wake me up already!” 
“Steven, I'm sorry.”
“No. Don't be.” He hung his head, before taking a sip.
“Okay.” He was about as lost as Steven usually was.
“I've still got tomorrow, right?” He took the other shot and chased it with his beer.
“Yeah. You've still got tomorrow.”
“We.”
 He smiled. “We've still got tomorrow.” It was one of those cheesy lines that Steven always dreamed of writing. Too bad he was too angry to remember it to write down later, not that it had been used in countless films, books and television series.
“Yeah.” And they drank their beers like friends that had known each other for years. It was just the kind of bro-mance that the movie studios were looking for right now.
#
“Indie studios sure are different than the studios guys,” Mat said, stating the obvious.
“Yep.” They both stared at where the meeting was to take place.
 The address that was left to them led them to an apartment building. They were nice apartments, but still, the meeting ended up being at a producer's apartment instead of in an office somewhere. 
“Well, let's just treat it like any other meeting,” Mat suggested. Steven agreed and they walked up to the second story apartment. But it's not like they were accustomed to having meetings, so they still weren't sure how to treat it.
“Steven?” A man asked opening the door.
“Hi.”
“I'm Andrew. Come in.” Steven walked in and Andrew introduced himself to Mat. “Andrew.”
“Mat. I'm with...” And he pointed to Steven.
“That's Yegor,” he said, pointing to the guy in the sunglasses sitting on a beanbag chair. He picked up his arm to wave. It was a weak wave with only his index and middle fingers half-way extended. 
“Yegor is with Broken Glass Films. He tells me that you have an appointment with his associate later today, so we thought we'd just do both meetings today. Sound good?”
 Steven and Mat were both taken off guard by how laid back this all seemed, still Steven managed a meek “okay.”
“Great.”
 They all sat on bean bag chairs placed randomly on the floor.
“You want some herbal tea?” Andrew asked. 
 They both declined.
“You sure? It's some really good...opiate tea.”
 They both declined again.
 Andrew sipped from his cup. “So, we were reading your scripts,” he started. It was then that Steven realized Andrew had been speaking with a poorly faked British accent. 
“What'd you think?” Mat chimed in.
 Steven was uncomfortable in such an informal setting, discussing the future of his scripts with two guys that looked about Mat's age. But then again, most things made Steven uncomfortable. Mat felt that in this laid back environment, it was an acceptable setting for him to chime in, so he spoke.
“'The Strawberry Picker.' That was brilliant! I loved it. Did you like it Yegor?” He nodded. “Yegor liked it, too.”
“So you'll pick it up?” Steven asked.
“That's the problem, Steven. My studio already has a movie being filmed that's very similar to yours. It's called 'The Mango Harvester.' It's just more violent. And with more of those fuzzy dream sequences we can play Joanna Newsom over.” 
“Oh.” Steven sat back a little.
“But it is uncannily similar to yours, except with Mangoes and Guatemalans.”
“What about Yegor's studio?” Mat asked. 
“Yegor's studio is broke after their last flop: 'Underneath the Moldy Curtains.' I don't know why your agent set up a meeting with them.”
“So nothing's going to get picked up?”
“No. Sorry.”
“Then why did you want me to come out here and waste your time?” He meant his own time, but he thought that'd be too rude to say.
“No, no, no. Not at all. We thought we'd still have you over to talk about your ideas, because we like ideas, right Yegor?” He turned to Yegor who nodded. “Drink some herbal tea, because everybody likes herbal tea, right Yegor?” Yegor again, agreed. “Anyway, if you have any more scripts, we could look them over and maybe they'll get approval to start production in six or seven months when we don't have as many projects underway.”
 Mat looked at Steven, realizing he didn't want to sit around here for that long. He looked like a puppy that had just been kicked. 
“We'll think about it,” Mat said, speaking for Steven.
 Neither really wanted to stay there any longer, so they thanked the two for their time, refused the opiate tea a third time, and left. 
“Crap,” Steven said as they walked outside.
“I'm sorry Steven.” There wasn't much more to say. “Let's go get something to drink.”
“It's not even noon.”
“What's the worst that could happen drinking at 11 A.M.?
 So the two found themselves in a bar munching on nachos while nursing beers at 11:30 in the morning. 
“This isn't the worst thing that could happen.”
“What is?” Steven said, expecting a phone call at any moment.
“You could still be in your dead-end job. Friendless.”
“And dogless,” he added.
“Dogless.”
 He smiled. “You're right. We're in the city of opportunity, right? Let's go make something of ourselves.”
 This time, that didn't sound right to Mat, but he accepted it, just as Steven did earlier. The two had been in California for less than a week and already it appeared that their time was up. They came here in search of the dream Steven Matthews had years ago. It was a dream he hadn't dreamt for over a decade, yet he found himself fighting for it, and now, it seemed finished; he was ready to abandon it again. 
“What's your dream?” Steven asked. He felt obligated to help Mat now that his own rejuvenated dream seemed dead.
“My dream?” He stared into the bar. “I don't know.” He looked at the bartender, who seemed to have been half-listening. He decided to pass the question to him. “What's your dream?” 
“My dream?” The bartender started. “I'm going to be an actor.” He smiled and walked over to their side of the counter.
“When was the last time you auditioned?” Mat continued.
 He sighed. “Five months ago.”
“Go audition for something this week.”
“I mean, it's not that I don't regularly. It's just difficult...”
 Mat cut him off. “I don't care man, I just don't want you to lose sight of your dream.”
 The drunk sitting two stools from Mat chimed in. “I'm going to be an actor, too.” He stood up but stumbled. “You'll see goddammit. I can...support my family and act, too.” And on that line, he fell back into his stool.
“Is everybody here trying to be in movies?” Steven asked the bartender.
“That's what this city is made of. That and plastic. You both here for that, too?”
“No,” Steven said. 
“Smart fellows. You from here?”
“Neither of us.”
“Where you guys from?”
“Ohio,” Mat said.
“Kansas,” Steven followed.
“Kansas?” Mat asked Steven.
“Kansas.” 
“I've been here since I was eighteen. Trying to make it. Look at me, fourteen years later. Still trying. Pathetic, right?” 
“Not at all, not at all,” Mat said, taking a sip. “I have a lot of respect for you. Some people, they don't have the courage to do what you're doing. Dreams are what's important. They're what push us and motivate us to do better. If it's your dream, it's not stupid.”
“Yeah? What's your dream?”
“I don't have one yet.”
“How can you not have a dream?”
“I don't know. All I want out of life is to be happy.”
“Yeah that's great and all, but what do you want? You have to want something.”
“Nah. I came here with nothing, so that's how we'll leave, right?”
“That doesn't really fit into your dream speech.”
“Fine. I guess the one thing I want from life, is to be in love.”
 Steven looked at Mat. He said it with such sincerity, his own heart sunk. He wanted to take this boy by the shoulders and beg him not to go down that path; it's only a set up for heartbreak and disappointment. But who was he to shatter somebody's dream?
“Look. What you said is all nice and all, but let me tell you something about this city.” The once-friendly bartender turned into his Mr. Hyde. “This city. This is where dreams come to die. You know how many people try to make it in showbiz here?”
 Mat and Steven sheepishly shook their heads.
 The bartender understood and announced to the bar, “How many of you sad fucks came here to be in showbiz?” Most of the bar raised their hands. Then he turned to the two, “See, nobody's dreams come true here. They come in here, day after day, sit, and drink their lives away. It's only noon.
“There's no happiness here. It's all about being somebody else and getting blow. If you want either one of those things, I can help you guys out because you seem like nice people, but if that's not what you're looking for, you're in the wrong city. I suggest that you leave, because kid, you certainly ain't gonna find anything you're looking for here.”
 Steven, blinded by desire to stick it to his past, had really opened his eyes and looked around. People weren't all gorgeous and smiling. Even the drunk at the end of the bar had looked like a movie star five minutes earlier. The bartender was right; this was the place where dreams came to die. 
 He always imagined California as it once was: the place where people went to start over. How much more West can you get than California? Here it was in the twenty-first century, just as gray a place as any in the United States. It was a city in decay and corruption, just like anywhere else. So Steven became angry with himself for trading one evil – a familiar evil – for another. He looked at the drunk at the bar and wondered where he started his life in. 
 He had no faith in Mathew's idea of a person's dream. Sure, he had this dream when he was a teenager, but now this wasn't what he wanted. Even if he had gotten a studio to sign off on one of his scripts, it wouldn't change it from not being his dream. He'd be stuck doing some other job he didn't want to do, just getting paid more. It wasn't about money, according to Steven; if he was going to be forced to find something he wanted to do, it'd better be something he wanted to do. And staying in California wasn't what he wanted to do.
“Let's go.”
“Right now?”
“Yeah. Right now.” He stood up and Mat mimicked.
“Where?”
“Ohio.”
“Really?”
“Yeah.”
 Steven waited a moment. The bartender nodded in agreement. “Ohio.” He tried to sound enthusiastic, but couldn't even fake it. But he said it with enough enthusiasm that four or five others in the bar shouted “Ohio!”
 So less than week since they came here in search of dreams and happiness, they found themselves in the back of a $60 taxi ride to the airport. Following the usual routine, it was in silence and it stayed that way even when the taxi driver attempted to make conversation. He shouldn't have bothered because Mat tipped him at the end anyway, acknowledging his effort for tips and he did feel bad for the single parent cabbie who had to raise his two kids alone after his wife left him and moved here to pursue an acting career. 
 Steven remembered the ride from the airport. Even the view looked different. He'd been so blinded by his desire for something different, that it looked magical. It reminded him of the first time he drove to Ohio; everything felt so surreal and magical. And look how that turned out for him. He was just right back where he started ten years ago, lost, and with no direction whatsoever. It depressed him slightly, but he was looking forward to going back to the apartment he no longer had.
 At the ticket counter, their plan faltered. 
“I can't give you the plane ticket, Mr. Flowers. I'm sorry.”
“What? Why? There has to be some misunderstanding.”
“There is a misunderstanding, Mr. Flowers,” The ticket agent said mechanically. “I've told you twice. I can give you a plane ticket. I just can't sell one to your friend, Mr. Matthews.”
“Why?” Steven asked, stepping in.
“Because you are on our 'No-Fly List.'”
“What?”
“I have you flagged as a terrorist suspect and you cannot board an airplane.”
“That's impossible.”
“It says you were arrested under suspicions of being a terrorist. Last week.”
“You can see all that on your computer?”
“Patriot Act. You can't get on a plane.”
“No. No. No. I flew here from Ohio.”
 She laughed. “Sir, this is California. We do things a little differently from Ohio.” She was still laughing.
“What does that mean?”
“I'm sorry are you from Ohio?”
“No.”
“Good. I'm just saying people from Ohio are generally slower than us from California. It's a faster pace here. But I still can't sell you a ticket.”
“God. How am I supposed to get back to Ohio?” He was asking rhetorically, but the ticket agent took it as a great cue for a line.
“You can drive there.” She said sarcastically. “Now get out of line. Next!” There was her L.A. charm.
 And in that moment, it was as if a light went off in Mathew's head. “That's a great idea.”	 
 Oddly enough, Steven didn't think it was too bad an idea. “Okay. Let's leave right now.”
“One step ahead of you.” He was already dialing his phone. “We need a car. No, we need to buy a car.”
#	
 An hour later, they found themselves behind the wheel of a tan 1979 Cadillac Coupe Deville. It wasn't exactly a legal purchase, paid for in cash by Mat to his friend Manuel. The necessary paperwork had not been filed, nor did either party plan on doing so anytime soon. They wasted no time getting on the road either. 
“We just have to make one stop,” Mat announced.
“Where?”
“Phoenix.”
“Yeah, okay.” Steven shrugged this off and decided to trust whatever business his friend needed to do in Phoenix. It's not like it was out of the way or anything. Besides, what's the worst that could happen after this sucky trip?


CHAPTER FOUR

 It wasn't until they were in Phoenix and pulled outside a house in suburbia that Steven asked Mathew what they were doing in Phoenix.
“Well...funny story. Actually, you're going to think it's great...”
“Mat. Who lives here?” Steven demanded. He had a suspicion, but he generally had those. They had both been sitting in the car for the past five and a half hours, stopping only once for gas and both were in desperate need of stretching. 
“Remember when you asked me how I got those scripts.” It was more of a statement than a question. 
“Christ.” He knew when he heard the word 'remember' that this was his parents' house. This time, his suspicions were correct. They moved to Phoenix? He was upset that he had been duped into visiting them, especially since Mathew knew nothing of their last encounter.
“I'm sorry. Your mom just made me promise that I'd see to it that you saw them at some point, since they knew you were going to be in L.A.”
 He was rubbing his forehead in frustration.
“Crap.” He smiled. “You never explained the beef you had with them. I guess I should have asked you on the way or something.”
“Yeah.”
“Sorry.” Neither had moved to get out of the car. “Look, I know you're probably really pissed off right now, but can we go inside? I'm starving.”
“Yeah. But don't expect a warm welcome.” He opened the old door and got out.
“Besides, it's good to tie up loose ends...There's still unresolved conflict, right?”
“You could call it that.”
“Anything else I should know? Taboo subjects to avoid?”
“Everything.” He rang the doorbell. “Good luck.”
“Thanks, pal,” he said it sarcastically as he rushed to put a fake expression of happiness on his face.
 The door opened. There stood a stout woman who appeared to be in her late 50's. Her hair had just finished graying, and an oversized t-shirt did its best to mask her weight gain.
“Rick?” She called back. She stared at the son she hadn't seen or heard from in ten years.
“What?” A scruff voice shouted back.
“Your son is here.”
“What's Nathan doing in Phoenix?”
“Your other son is here.”
 Silence. Footsteps could be heard getting louder and louder as a large man approached the doorway.
“Hi Mom.” It's all Steven could manage. That and a slight growl.
“Steven.” His father said when he saw him. He was tall, significantly taller than Steven and his mother. He had aged more than his mother had, hair almost completely thinned out. 
“Well, let's all go into the living room. I'll order some pizza.” Steven's mom said and walked back into the house.	
 For not seeing each other in a decade, Mat thought this was all very bland. They were led to the living room where Steven and Mat shared a couch, his dad sat on one perpendicular to theirs. They were oversized couches, both an ugly cream color. Mass produced works of art purchased at Target hung on walls and over the fireplace. Steven's father, Rick, sat unimpressed and slightly befuddled with his hairy hand over his mouth. Rick was unmistakably the father of Steven. They both had angular faces and slightly sad eyes. His plainness blended in with his son's mediocrity and both of their sophomoric beings meshed with the suburban deco house. It's when Mat decided that Steven didn't belong anywhere but the suburbs. He was destined to drive an SUV and have an overpriced cup of coffee every morning. 
“Why are you here?” Steven asked his father, meaning Phoenix. 
“I could ask you the same thing,” his father responded. Neither was offended by the statements. It was surprising for Steven to find his parents in Arizona now, and it was ten times more surprising for his father to find his son, whom he hadn't talked to in over a decade, at the doorstep of his house that he didn't know about. 
“He's here because I asked Mathew to make sure Steven stopped by.” His mother said joining them. 
“You're Mathew?” Rick asked him.
“Yes sir. Mat.”
“And you've talked to my wife, Sheryl?”
“That's why I sent Steven's writings, Rick,” Sheryl said, reminding her husband.
“Of course, yes,” he said, even though he didn't remember.
 Then, as she sat down, an uncomfortable silence that could only come after years of not speaking commenced. It was, without exaggerating, a painful silence of sixteen minutes and thirty-two seconds. There was a lot of staring. Rick turned the television on after minute four, but Sheryl coughed, signaling that he was wrong in doing that and he should turn it off. 
“You look well,” Sheryl said to her son.
“Thanks...” An awkward pause before, “Phoenix?”
“Well, your mother's sister, Lisa, was lonely since your Uncle Herman passed...”
“Uncle Herman?” Steven asked, surprised.
“Heart attack. About six years ago. You remember he had that bypass?”
 Steven nodded.
“Well, didn't stop your uncle from eating himself in.”
“We wanted to call you, but...you didn't leave us anything on where you were going or how to get in touch with you.”
“Honestly, your mother and I never thought we'd see you again.” His voice was filled with grief and maybe some pangs of regret.
 Steven didn't know the proper response. It was something he never thought he'd have to deal with again. He made a decision ten years ago to leave his family behind and never speak of them and especially not to them, ever again. And here he was, sitting in Phoenix, in their living room, fumbling through a pre-dinner conversation. He dreaded the dinner conversation. 
 He felt unprepared, not that any amount of preparation would have done any good. Steven liked to think that had he been able to prepare; it would have been easier. 
“Nobody else died?”
 Rick and Sheryl exchanged glances. “No.”
 The doorbell rang. “The food's here. Rick, why don't you take them into the dining room?” She left to go retrieve the pizza while Rick led the boys into the dining room. Compared to the rest of the house, it was pretty plain. It wasn't as ostentatiously decorated, so it looked pretty plain. The walls were a plain white, whereas the rest of the house's walls were painted in dull pastels. The only decoration in the room was a large china cabinet against the wall. 
 Sheryl re-emerged with two boxes of pizza, which she set in the middle of the table. Then she sat next to Rick, who sat across from his son, who sat next to Mat.
“I just got pepperoni and plain. I hope that's okay.” 
 After taking their slices, the questioning began. It was just like dialogue out of a scene that happened ten years ago and every year before that, for as long as he could remember.
“What're you doing nowadays, Steven?” Rick asked.
“I just got laid off.”
“So you're going to get a new job?”
“Yes sir.” It was like he was twenty again.
“Where were you all this time?” That wasn't an old conversation, but his parents felt like they had a right to know.
“Ohio.”
“Ohio?” 
 Oddly enough, he hadn't said the word Ohio in quite some time, and today was the second time that the 'Ohio,' 'Ohio?' serious of questioning had taken place. 
“Ohio.” Although the word 'Ohio' had been repeated several times by now, and it was clear where Steven had been, it was not a word that would die easily in this conversation.
“Why Ohio?”
 It could have been the five hour drive to Arizona or it could have been the rejection he'd faced over the past two days, but right about now it could be said that Steven Matthews was feeling particularly sassy. “Why did any of us choose to live anywhere? Why Kansas?” He was trying to be dramatic and make some point. The point, he wasn't entirely sure of, but he wanted to be some smartass.
 His parents looked at each other.
“My parents were born in Kansas,” his dad started, “and so were your mother's.”
 Mat gave Steven a forgiving look, like he knew what he was trying to accomplish. 
“Seriously, Steven. You've been living in Ohio all this time?” His mother interrupted.
“Yes.”
“Doing what?” his dad resumed.
“Data entry.”
“Sounds fancy. What is it?”
“Entering data.” Changing the word order seemed to satisfy his father.
“Are you going back to Ohio?” Sheryl asked. Despite not talking to her son for the past ten years, there was no love lost. If anything, she felt guilty.
“Yes. We're driving back.”
“Drive? Why didn't you two just fly back?”
 Steven looked at Mat, who as if on cue answered, “We wanted to see the country.”
“I'm sorry. Who are you?” Rick asked Mat.
 That's when the lying began. “I worked as an intern in Steven's company. He kind of took me under his wing, showed me the ropes and everything.” He smiled, hoping that would be satisfactory.
“Well, I'm glad that Steven has such caring friends,” his mother said.
“Me, too, Mom.”
“He's not your...lover, is he?”
“No, Mom, he is not my lover.”
“You seeing anyone, son? You got a girlfriend?” Rick resumed.
“No, Dad.”
“Well, your brother...”
“Can we not talk about Nathan?” Steven looked his father in the eyes and seemed to tense up at the way the conversation had turned. Mat, being a keen observer of people sensed some fraternal hostility. But since he didn't have any siblings, it was hard for him to relate to this specific situation, so he shrugged it off as some boyhood rivalry that continued into adulthood.
“Of course, dear.” His mother sympathized and made sure conversation avoided that topic.
“You know you owe it to him to at least say something about it all to him. Hear his side.”
“I think I saw enough of his side to make up my own damn mind.”
“I'm just saying. Just once. It's all I ask.”
 The conversation drifted in and out of snarky comments and uncomfortable questions about how their lives had changed in the past ten years, though truthfully, there wasn't really any change. His parents liked to think their lives had changed considerably, but in the reality of things, they had just moved from Kansas to Arizona, which in their eyes was the new place to live. 
 Dinner finished eventually. Sheryl offered the boys the guestroom and a couch in the living room. They both accepted after quite a bit of hesitation on Steven's part. So Steven slept on the couch and Mathew took the large, possibly too high off the ground, queen-sized bed in the room that was also questionably decorated.
 They slept quite well considering the circumstances. Mathew was just physically exhausted while Steven was very much emotionally drained. It was eye-opening though, and in some sense, he was still grateful he came.
#
 The next morning, Mat woke up really early, at about 5:00, with the intention of redeeming himself with Steven. He crept into the living room and shook Steven, who was still enjoying NREM sleep. He struggled to open his eyes, but the blurry vision of Mathew still made sense to him: they were getting out early. So he struggled to sit up and follow Mathew, who was already in the foyer. The sun wasn't up yet, but the sky had already prepared for its arrival; oranges and pinks fought off the light blue colors. 
 Sitting in the car, in the same positions as the entire drive the day before, Mat drove out of Suburbia and stopped at a gas station.
“Two things,” he said.
 Steven was still half asleep, rubbing his eyes.
“One, I'm sorry. I didn't think it'd be that uncomfortable for you, but I was wrong. I was way off-base in forcing you into that position. So, I'm sorry.”
 Steven shook his head. “Don't worry about it.” He hadn't cleared his throat of his morning phlegm so his sentence shook in weird places that Mathew could have mistaken for some other emotion.
“Good.” He smiled. “Two, we can take 17 north or 10 south. 17 is shorter I think, but if you want to do Texas all the way across we can do that.”
“I don't care.”
“Just pick one. It doesn't matter, we'll still get home the same way.”
“Fine, 17. Why do we want to go through Texas?”
“Okay, let's get some coffee first. Long day of driving.” 
 He got out of the car to go get coffee, but Steven stayed behind to continue the arduous process of waking up. He fought sleep off, though it did have its way with him several times while Mat was inside. In his defense, there was a line of six people dealing with a cashier who had not been properly trained on the operation of the new cash register yet. By the time Mathew returned, the sun had made its grand entrance, as did Steven. The two made their way to the interstate, coffee in hand, and both feeling pretty chipper and in outstanding spirits considering the day before.
“Thanks,” Steven finally said.
“For what?”
“I'm glad I saw them.”
“Really?” Beat. “I'm glad that whole thing didn't just make you upset at me.”
“I was, at first. But now, I feel great.” He took a sip of his coffee. “I needed to see them one more time for myself. To see they were still asses. And I think I re-found my voice through all that.”
 Mat looked over at him. “Re-found?”
“Yeah. From Ohio.”
“Ohio?”
“Yeah, Ohio. I remember when I first moved there. I didn't ever feel confident I was doing the right thing before Ohio. Well, obviously I did. I don't know why I said that. I mean...” he struggled to find the string of words he wanted to say, knowing the morning was causing him to not make any sense. He tried again. “I felt so sure when I moved to Ohio. And I think I just gradually lost that over time. And seeing what I left...what are you doing?” The car slowed down and pulled over to the shoulder. They weren't exactly anywhere, just a long stretch of interstate.
“Hitchhiker.” Mat pointed to a figure standing on the side of the road with a duffel bag at its feet. It gradually got larger, as most approaching objects do, and it was revealed that it was a young woman...who looked pretty pissed off. She had her arms crossed, and wasn't really doing anything but standing there. She had short blonde hair, which looked like it had been blowing in the desert for some time; sand and dust had managed to work its way into her delicate curls. As they started to get closer, it was unmistakable that she was quite the looker. She was wearing a revealing light pink tank top, which nearly matched her flushed skin tone perfectly, and tight, low cut jeans, which all attributed to Mat's eagerness to pick up this particular hitchhiker. He'd already passed two and picking them up hadn't even crossed his mind, it was like his brain had rejected the very fact that those hitchhikers stood on the side of the highway. 
“What'd ya think?” Mat asked. He was going to pick her up anyway, despite what Steven said.
“I don't know. You think she's a hooker or something?”
“Hey. Don't assume. Besides...she looks too pissed off to be a hooker.”
“Are they generally happy?” It was rhetorical and really didn't follow any logic, but he said it anyway.
 The car stopped beside her and without talking to them through the slowly opening window, she got in the backseat. It was kind of difficult, the car being a two-door, so she had to push her way around Steven, who never said 'hello' or anything.
“Thanks.” She threw her bag next to her. “Lucy,” she said, introducing herself.
 Steven opened his mouth, but Mat started speaking first, “I'm Mat and that's Steven.”
 Greetings were made around the car. 
“How far are you guys going?” she asked. Her voice was soft but there were obvious hints of fatigue in the coarseness of it. 
“Ohio,” Steven said.
“Ohio?”
“Yeah. Where are you trying to get to?”
“New York. Ohio's fine though. I can just find another ride from there.”
 The sun was finally out and sand stretched out in every direction. It was quite the landscape for both Steven and Mathew, who had never seen the desert before.
 Lucy laughed to herself. “We're going the wrong way for a road trip.”
 Mathew didn't understand, but Steven who had heard stories of people taking buses West, knew exactly what she meant. “Because we're going east?”
“Yeah.” She said as she looked out the window.
 They were all looking out the windows.
“Glad to be getting out of here.” Although she said this, Steven was thinking this and Mat, who was really just enjoying the ride, remained apathetic.

CHAPTER FIVE

“So, what were you guys doing out in L.A.?” 
“Following Steven's dream.”
 She leaned over the bench seat between Steven and Mat. Lowering her tone, almost whispering, “What's your dream, Steven?” 
 She had just about as much charisma, if not more, than Mathew, Steven decided. “When I was younger, I wanted to write movies. But now, I guess I don't really have a dream.”
“Nothing wrong with that. I don't have a dream either.” She smiled, trying to find a common ground with her new companions. Though, Mat only bit his tongue. “You have a dream, Matt?”
 He looked at her in the rear view mirror, “Can't say that I do.”
 She leaned back in her seat, stretched out across the width of the car as if she was on a psychiatrists couch, complete with her hands folded in her lap and legs crossed at the ankles. “So, it seems that a middle aged man, a striking young woman, and a teenager,” Mat tried to interrupt, but she shushed him. “All on a cross country road trip, without any dreams whatsoever.” She sat up. “It sounds like the premise of a movie. You could write it, Steven.” She stopped herself and scrunched up her face to portray the thought she was formulating. “Or you could have written it...years ago,” she corrected, recalling that he specifically said that he lost that dream.
 She folded her arms on the bench and placed her chin over her folded hands. “Steven, when did you give up your dream of writing films?”
“Ten years ago.” It came out so naturally and without any pain, it surprised Steven himself. He spoke with such honesty and sincerity that he was worried at what else he might end up divulging to this stranger. She had a way about her that calmed those around her. It wasn't a bad quality to have. In fact, most prostitutes have that quality. Prostitutes... Then Steven regressed and began his usual fit of paranoia, which only reminded him of all the holes in his story of Mathew. And Steven began to work himself into a fit of paranoia and delusions, which often led to his concern he would be murdered soon.
“Ten years. Ten years, I was still an angsty teenager and you were probably my age, Steven.” She repeatedly announced the age difference between the three in the car, which started to agitate Mathew, who felt like he was being ignored because of it. 
“I'll guess you gave it all up because of some tragic event?”
“Why do you say that?” Steven turned around out of curiosity. She wasn't far off. In fact, she was dead on, so Steven wanted to know why she thought that.
“People give up dreams because their hearts get crushed.” She dragged out every word as if she was composing poetry. 
 Steven, who was still turned around, stared her in the eyes. His piercing black eyes immediately caught her gray ones. He was surprised they were gray, she was so vibrant and lively he expected something different. “What was your dream, Lucy?”
 Immediately, knowing exactly what he was going to ask, “I may be a dreamer, but I haven't had a dream so far.” She smiled. “Do you have any of your screenplays?”
“Yeah, actually.”
“Can I read some?”
“They're in the black duffel bag in the back. Should be next to you.” Mat then suggested, “There's also the start of a novel back there. That's a quicker read.”
“Why didn't you put your bags in the trunk?” she asked.
 Steven and Mat looked at each other. Neither said anything.
“Thanks,” she said. She was already shuffling through the duffel bag trying to find the papers.
“Novel's on the top of the stack.”
 She found them and instantaneously stretched herself out and started reading.
“Thanks,” Steven said, almost under his breath to Mat.
“Anytime.” He smirked.
“Where are we?”
“We've been driving for like an hour.”
“I know.”
“Why, you hungry?”
“No.”
“You hungry?” he asked Lucy.
“Nope.” She was too focused on reading.
“We're half way to Flagstaff,” he said, returning to Steven's question.
“See. We are somewhere.”
“Steven, are you ever going to tell me what that was all about back there in Phoenix?”
“Not now.  Maybe when we get back to Ohio.”
“Ohio?” Though curious, she was wise enough to take it. “Deal?”
 He smiled. “Deal.”
 The conversation faded slowly, like a candle losing wick, and eventually died for the better part of an hour. They enjoyed the scenery and the presence of another person. Being alone is quite a different feeling than being completely silent in the company of other people. Even if the people are complete strangers, as is the case for Lucy, being quiet with other people is a comforting feeling. Maybe it has to do with the electrical signal sent from one body to another, maybe it's something at a much smaller level and has to deal with the individual vibration frequencies felt from another body; either way, being around people is comforting. You feel like you're socializing, making connections while being quiet. 
 Compliments can also help build connections between people. It's the simplest way to build a friendship or stroke somebody's ego.
“I liked it,” Lucy said.
“Liked what?” Mat asked, already forgotten that she had been reading something Steven wrote.
“Really?” Steven asked.
“Yeah. There were some things I didn't like, but overall, it has a lot of potential.”
“Like...” Steven prodded for some constructive criticism.
“Well...” She started flipping through the pages for specifics. “I like how it's fast paced, actually. I think that's something some people don't like, but I think it's necessary for something written today.” 
“That's the same one I read?” he asked Steven, who didn't know. “Dried Clay?” 
 She turned to the front page. “Yeah.”
 It was an interesting statement to make. It was the complete opposite of what Mathew had told Steven. He complained about his story's pace. He thought he sacrificed more important aspects in favor of picking up the pace of the plot.
“Um...I like how open everything is. You don't force images down people's throats. Sure, some of it seemed a little blank at times. Sometimes all I could picture was the characters moving along a white background, but it wasn't too difficult to do some work on my part. I don't like having my hand held while reading.”
 Here, she was working hard to back around what would have otherwise been negative criticism. Steven took it as something positive, but Mat understood it as she meant it; that Steven's writing wasn't descriptive enough.	
“Here's where I really had the trouble. You worked really well on these two main characters. Okay. You spent most of what you've written developing those two main characters. I haven't fallen in love with them, they don't really have major character flaws I can relate with, but I started to accept them and everything. Then all of a sudden, you throw in your third character. He immediately seems to offer nothing to the story, other than sex appeal, which I think gets lost in books, but here he is. You haven't developed your first two characters and all of a sudden, there's this third enigma.”
 Steven considered all this.
“And then you just stopped writing. Mid-sentence actually. 'And Brian looked over at their new companion to...' and that was how it stopped.” 
“Writers...” Mat offered as a joke to Lucy.
 But she didn't like it, so she ignored it. “I want you to finish it.”
 Steven laughed to himself. “No thanks. I don't want to write anymore. Sorry.” But he wasn't sorry. It was just a socially acceptable thing to say in a situation like this. To excuse himself from something he didn't want to do, all he had to do was say 'sorry' and everything would be okay.
“One day? I want to know what happens.”
“I thought you said you weren't that attached.”
“There's promise in everything.”
“Maybe.” He figured that would end that there.
 It did.
“You wanna switch?” Steven asked Mat.
“It's only been two hours.”
“Yeah, but you drove all day yesterday.”
 He contemplated this, but there was no way he could refuse. “Okay.”
“One more question,” Lucy asked.
“Okay.”
“Is the entire book going to take place on that plane?”
“Why?”
“I just honestly don't see you telling out an entire story in such a confining environment.”
“I haven't thought about this in over a decade.”
“Yeah, but when you were writing it, did you ever think that you could just spend an entire book without the opportunity to branch out to different places? A plane, I mean, it's so limiting. There's only so much you can do on a plane.”
 And the car rolled to a stop at a gas station outside Flagstaff.
“What are they going to do on a plane the entire time?”
 Everybody got out to stretch, while the two prepared to switch drivers.
“I don't know. Maybe I'll change it all when I finish it.” Steven said, though he had zero intention of finishing it. Writers left works unfinished all the time when they died. He sort of did die back then, emotionally. Steven decided to just say he died then. Or maybe he was writing it when he died. He wondered if he had to be physically writing it when he died or he could be on a break enjoying a ham sandwich and coffee. 
“I'm going to get some snackage.” Lucy grabbed her wallet from her duffel bag and started towards the store. “You guys want anything specific?”
“Whatever.” Mat called after her, watching her walk inside.
“Are hitchhikers supposed to buy the drivers food?” Steven joined him, standing next to him watching her walk inside.
“Dunno. Don't stop her though.”
“Wasn't planning on it.”	
“Good. I'm hungry.”
“Me, too.”
“God, she's pretty.”
“I think she thinks you're too young for her.” 
 Mat tried to smile, tried to appreciate what he took as a joke and opened the tank.
 They took opportunity of the stop to refuel, and Steven took his place behind the steering wheel while Mat started to unwind in the passenger seat. Lucy joined them some minutes later, arms full of high fructose corn syrup laden snacks. She started tossing bags of chips and candy up to the front seat.
“And I got you both Dr Peppers.” She said as she hand them large bottles of the soda. And without wasting any time, they were back on the interstate.
“What's next?”
 Mat pulled out a map he had. “Albuquerque. Looks like four, five hours until we get there.”
“When do you think we'll get to Ohio?” Lucy asked.
“Two, three days tops.”
“Nice.”
“You never told us what you were doing in L.A.” Mat turned around and asked.
“Well Matt, I went out there with my friend who was trying to be a soap star.”
“And he is where?” He emphasized the 'he' hoping that she would correct him.
 She did. “She is going to be in a soap opera. She just didn't see me fitting in her new 'superstar' lifestyle. I don't want to ruin it for her. So now I'm trying to get back to New York.”
“Jeez.”
“I don't care. She's a bitch anyway. Now, I just want to get home, eat a bagel, and paint. I've been gone too long.”
“How long have you been out there?”
“Oh...three, four weeks. Less than a month.”
“You paint?”
“Yeah.”
“Is that what you want to do?” Mat consciously chose not to use the word 'dream.' In any other situation, he'd have used it. It was one of those words that he used quite often, but he felt like he shouldn't use it around Lucy.
“It's what I do.” She smiled. “I paint. They put them up in galleries. People buy them. And that's how I survive.”
 Mat and Steven were really impressed. “What kind of stuff do you paint?”
“It's mostly abstract art. Nothing.” 
“You like it?”
“It's okay. I do it.” 
 They had just gotten through the city and re-entered the desert when they saw a figure walking. 
“Stop,” Lucy demanded Steven.
“Why?”
“There's a man walking. It's really hot outside, let's pick him up.”
 Steven would have said something, but because they had already picked up one hitchhiker, what harm could come from one more?
 So they pulled off the road again, for the second time today and stopped next to the old man. He was short, with long, frizzy white hair. His beard was unkempt and had dirt and leaves in it. But the most striking figure was the man's smile. He looked haggard, but his smile was as wide as his face, exposing a mouth half full of teeth. 
“Hiya,” he said as he climbed in the car. 
“Where you headed?” Mat asked.
“Albuquerque. Trying to see my wife. I've been out here mining for copper.”
“In Flagstaff?” Mat asked, trying to understand.
“Oh yeah. Lots of copper and silver out here. Gold's mostly gone, but lotsa silver and copper.”
 They let him in anyway.
 Steven had the best look at him through the rear view mirror. His left eye didn't open all the way, but that somehow worked with his leathery skin. He was short and fat, but jolly. Steven couldn't see it, but he was carrying a pick axe. Lucy did see it, so she believed his story that he actually tried to mine somewhere out there. 
“So which one o' you fellas is the lucky man of this beautiful girl?” he asked, staring at Lucy.
“Just picked her up this morning,” Mat said.
“Ooooh,” hHe squealed. “I don't have any money, sweetie, but...” 
“No.” Was all she said. She was flustered and embarrassed, so she turned her head away from him. The only bad thing for Lucy was that the bags were in the back seat, taking up the left seat. So she sat in the middle while the old man sat alarmingly close to her.
 Steven discreetly looked over at Mat, who acknowledged it could be a common error to mistake Lucy for a prostitute.
“You live in Flagstaff?” Mat asked the stranger, trying to quell the awkwardness before it washed over everyone.
“Flagstaff? Naw. Toldja my wife lives in Albuquerque.” He was still giving a large, gummy smile. “No gold there or nutin, so I come out here every week to work.”
“Do you ever find anything?” Steven asked.	
“Found oil once. That's how I got rich.” 
 Steven looked over at Mat, who understood his gradual increase in blood pressure.
“Like your car,” he said to Steven.
“It's not mine, it's his.”
“Like your car,” he redirected to Mat.
“Thanks.”
“Hadn't seen me one uh these since I was 60.”
“Where did y'all come from?” he asked anybody that would answer.
“California.”
“California! I remember when...” And that's how most of his stories would start. “...me and my wife, Cindy, drove out to California in the 70's. Those were the times. Not a care in the world, no hopes or dreams. Just me, her, my bus and a lot of dope.” 
 Those words resonated within Steven's mind. Here he was in a car, driving across the country with no dreams or aspirations. The dope was absent as well. And here he was face-to-face with an old nut bragging about pretty much the same experience he had when he was about his age. It was worrisome to think he could end up like him. 
“Just remember this. The American Dream doesn't exist.”
“American Dream?” Mat asked. “Haven't heard that since history class.”
“Oh, it's real.”
“But you said it doesn't exist,” Lucy said.
“It's real. It just doesn't exist anymore. People don't have dreams. They have desires. Desire drives people. Desire drives people to be selfish.” His thick twang made it difficult for them to fully take what he was saying to heart. “It's dead, so don't chase it.”
 Then he started rambling about the fish he was raising. He was planning on letting it grow until it was big enough to eat. That led him to a tangent about eating, which led him to coyotes. It was a brutal cycle for everybody in the car, except the old man. This lasted a trying two and a half hours. He spoke non-stop with brief pauses, either so he could hit on Lucy or because Lucy was stopping him by batting his hands away.
 Then he stopped. You could hear him suck his breath in. His breath struggled to make words. So concerned by this was Mat, that he turned around to see what was wrong. His leathery face had lost its redness and all other color, even the dirt seemed to vanish. He stared at Mat's face, as if he seen a ghost, but his breaths stayed short and infrequent.
“You. I saw you outside right there,” he managed. “Drop me off. Now.” He grabbed Steven's shoulders, who jumped in his seat.
“What? Here?”
“Right here. I saw you standing by the side of the road.”
 Mat looked back, but didn't see anything. Lucy didn't see anything either, but she had seen a figure before.
 The old man jumped out of the car and started running the other way. For a fat, old man, he ran pretty fast. 
 Mat looked a little shaken up, too.
“What's wrong?” Steven asked, trying to see why Mat was freaking out.
 He was shaking, not violently, but a panicky soft shake. His eyes were darting around in every direction. Lucy looked back again. This time the old man was almost out of sight, but she still didn't see the figure.
“Crap! Crap! Crap!” Mat shouted over and over. Steven looked at Lucy, who looked a lot less lost than he was. 
“Mat! What happened?”
 But he didn't reply. He kept shaking his head in disbelief before he threw it into his hands, though he continued to shake it.
 Lucy pitifully looked at Steven and explained. “He thinks it's his doppelganger. Is that what you think it is?” He nodded.
“His what?”
“His double.” She leaned over and put her hands on his shoulders. “Matt, he was a crazy old man, I'm sure he really didn't see it.”
 He calmed down. 
“He talked about the time he was abducted and forced to perform sexual acts so the aliens could better understand our mating rituals. Do you remember him telling us that?”
 Mat turned around and looked at Lucy. “They are real. It's how my grandfather died. He saw himself, thought it was strange. Then, he told us it meant he was going to die. We all told him he was crazy. Three days later, he died.” He continued his panic.
“Great,” she said leaning back. “It was your doppelganger. I give up.”
 Steven started the car again. “Someone explain this to me, please.”	
 Lucy started since Mat was still too upset. “Doppelganger. It's like your evil twin, kinda.”
“Except it signals my death!” 
“Or bad luck.” She offered. “It's nothing, Matt. There wasn't anyone there.”
 He accepted this, and externally calmed down. He was still scared, a new emotion for Steven to see. It made him uneasy more than anything else; he had been used to seeing a calm and confident Mathew and seeing this started to concern him.
 They drove off, all spooked by the old man they left at the Arizona-New Mexico border. Ten minutes went by and they were all thrown in the air by a thud and a loud crashing sound. Steven lost control of the car for about two seconds before he managed to pull it off the highway. Mat had been panicking the entire time. In his mind he imagined the tire blowout to be a gunshot. Although that made zero sense, being shot at in the middle of the desert, he toyed with the idea for more time than he should have.
 After they stopped, they all got out. Steven opened the trunk, looking for a spare tire.
“Doppelganger.” Mat said to the two. He walked away from the car and stopped about fifty feet from it before falling in self-pity. He stood by the highway, much like the old man had seen, and waited for the gods to come and take his life.
“Do you know any word in German for something that brings good luck?” Steven asked Lucy. “You know, counteract the bad luck?”
 She smiled, pulled some hair behind her ears and leaned along the side of the car while Steven searched for a spare tire. There wasn't one in the trunk.
“We don't have a spare. There's just a bunch of blankets back here,” Steven shouted to Mat, who was just sulking. 
“Great!” He shouted back, arms outstretched.
“I'll call for help,” Lucy said and pulled her phone out of the car.
 They all wandered around the desert, looking for some meaning in the sequence of events that had just transpired. Being sensible, Lucy and Steven took it as an unfortunate coincidence. But Mat continued to attribute all this to the sight of his doppelganger. Although no one ventured further than 100 feet from the car, they kept to themselves until a tow truck arrived.
 It towed them and the car to a small auto repair shop about twenty miles down the highway, where the tire was immediately replaced. The mechanic checked out the car after he replaced the tire because Mat was worried about the state of the rest of the car. He didn't want to end up on the side of some highway, body sprinkled with metal from an explosion.
“You're going to have some coolant trouble down the line.”
“What does that mean?” Steven didn't have the faintest idea what that meant. Mat was still off licking his wounds, so that left Steven more or less in charge. It was odd that the youngest member was unspokenly in charge, but Steven didn't realize it.
“You're thermostat is about on its last leg. I can't replace it for another week. Now, I'm guessin' y'all don't want to be out here that long.”
“No.” Lucy stepped in, joining the conversation.
“I've got a cousin in Wichita who works on older cars. Gets a bunch of old Cadillac parts all the time. I'm sure he's got a thermostat in there for ya.”
“So...”
“So. You drive yourselves up to Wichita and get the thermostat replaced. In the meantime, don't drive more than ten hours at a time. So don't go past Amarillo. You drive that long, good chance it'll overheat.”
“That's bad?”
“That's bad.”
 After they paid, the mechanic tossed Steven the keys and they got back on the highway.
“See. If that tire hadn't blown out, we never would have known about the thermostat.” Lucy said to Mat, who was again in the passenger seat. “The tire isn't because you have bad luck.”
 He looked at her, thought about what he could say to her and decided that there wasn't anything to say. So he turned away from her and forced an apathetic “okay.” He wasn't convinced though. Mathew was a highly superstitious person, known to knock on something three times for even the most harmless of thoughts. He didn't say anything for a long time. His thoughts focused on the doppelganger, despite his promise to not think about it. He stared out at the vastness and emptiness that surrounded the car. Dirt and sand was everywhere, small bushes sporadically dotted the landscape, but all that was nothing in comparison to the huge plateaus that jutted up in the air. They were massive. It was like they were the skyscrapers that the desert was missing. Or maybe the skyscrapers were the wonders of nature that man felt obligated to copy. 
 They whizzed by these marvels at speeds nearing 80 miles an hour, so as one disappeared, another appeared. Mat never felt bored looking at them. To him, it was a sight he didn't think he'd forget right away. It's not that he hadn't traveled. In fact, he'd finished a semester in Europe not three months ago. There, he saw landscapes that touched him so much, there was no doubt in his mind that there was a God and He spoke to man through the landscapes and sunsets. He'd been to Greek islands, fjords in Norway, the straits of Gibraltar, and here he was, touched by the landscape of New Mexico. Never did he think something this great was in his backyard.
 His face slipped on his sweaty hand, causing it to hit the window. It made a soft thud and he readjusted his position after wiping his palm on his pants. He couldn't imagine how hot it was outside. That brief encounter with the glass made him start to sweat some. The artificial breeze from the air conditioner cooled him down again and he was able to return his thoughts back to the doppelganger.
 It wasn't a healthy thing to do. Obsess. But while some people had addictive personalities, like his mother, Mathew was an obsessive person. He'd spend days, even weeks, thinking and rethinking the same thoughts over and over. Sometimes, it was a positive thing. But there's always a downside to everything, and this obsession was not the best obsession he'd had. Combined with his interest in superstitions and the paranormal, Mat found himself scared for his life. 
 He took a break from worrying to look over at Steven. He was sweating, too. A light outline of sweat had formed under his armpits. He was smiling, laughing talking to Lucy, who he figured was doing much of the same. But his hearing was being used by his brain as extra mind power, to obsess. And just like that, he turned his hearing back on, forcing his brain to think less. Mat didn't want to waste time he had with these two. He'd been struggling before he met Steven, socially. Now he finally had somebody he enjoyed spending time with and he didn't want to let this obsession ruin this good thing he had going. So he forced himself to push this thought to the back of his mind, as difficult as it may be, and try to enjoy this drive.
 He joined in the middle of conversation.
“I'm telling you, you add a gun to any scene, and it makes it so much better,” Lucy argued.
“No. It only has two ways it can end. You wanna talk about limiting, that's limiting.”
“But it makes your heart race. It's a good prop.”
“Yes, it's a good prop. But so are cigarettes, but you're not going to throw those in the hands of every character,” he said, taking a drag of his own cigarette. “We've established that. But guns don't work on a series. You can't kill the main character without ending the series.”
“Fine. I feel like we're going in circles with this.” She flicked ash out the cracked backseat window.
 Although she wasn't really mad at Steven, she pouted some after feeling like she lost. She patted Mat's shoulder. 
“You feeling better?”
“Yeah,” he lied. 
“Why do you guys have cigarettes?”
“We were debating the use of them as props.” She exhaled. “I say it gives people something to do and Steven says that it doesn't really add anything to a scene.”
“Oh. Okay. Are you guys hungry?”
 They pulled over at the nearest building that looked like they served food. Fortunately, in keeping with the boys' tradition, they served greasy burgers and beer. After settling into their dusty booth and receiving their meals, they all realized how hungry they actually were. It wasn't too late in the day, it was close to or about 2:00.
“You getting tired of burgers?” Steven asked Mat.
“Did you ever get tired of that sandwich?” 
“Touché.” He smiled. He was glad he hadn't had one of those sandwiches.
“So how long have you guys known each other?” Lucy asked between bites.
 Mat looked at Steven as if he was sizing him up. “Almost two weeks.”
“That's it?” She was understandably surprised.
“One of those fast friendships. You know, I've met his parents. He's met my momma. Quick.”
“It probably was the jail time, though.” Steven pointed out to Mat.
 Steven hadn't thought of all that. He had met his mother and he had met his own parents. It was awkward for him when he met Mat's mother, and he couldn't even begin to comprehend how uncomfortable Mat must have felt when they were in Phoenix. It was a little concerning, but looking at his friend of almost two weeks, he didn't have anybody in this world that was more of a friend.
 Instead of continuing the line of questioning, she looked around the restaurant. It was barren and dark. It was wood paneled, which was nice, but dusty pictures hanging on the walls added to its charm. A bar extended out into the middle of the establishment, empty, much like the rest of the restaurant. There was one waitress, she probably cooked the food, too. The darkness existed for a reason, the one waitress/cook couldn't remember the last time she swept the floor.
“Why do I feel like food plays an important role in our lives?” Steven asked Mat.
“What do you mean?”
“I feel like every five minutes we're eating. And lately, it's always a cheeseburger and beer.”
“I'm having a Diet Coke.”
“Seriously, though. Are we eating more often than everybody else?”
“No...Three times a day about. Breakfast, lunch, dinner. That's all of them right?” He asked looking at Lucy.
“You forgot drunch.”
“See, Steven. We're missing a meal, too.”
“Do you watch a lot of TV, Steven?” She asked.
“Yeah, I guess. Why?”
“Do you think you use the bathroom too much?”
 He couldn't remember the last time he peed, which made him have to pee. “No...”
“They never show people doing either on TV. Maybe that's why you think you're eating too often.”
“Maybe. I feel like it's every five minutes.”
“Eat,” Mat interrupted. “Who knows the next time we'll do it.”
#
“Do you ever worry about corporations using product placement in everything one day?” Lucy asked.
“What do you mean?” Asked Steven, who was now in the passenger seat.
“Do you ever worry that you're going to send your kids to Coca-Cola Elementary or they'll want to go to Boeing Ohio State?” 
“I wouldn't mind. I mean, sponsorship would hypothetically lower tuition costs right?” Mat chimed in attempting to play devil's advocate.
“Interesting. Steven?”
“I don't know. I'm not going to have kids so...”
“That's not the question.”
“But it's a fact.”
“Can't you just answer this hypothetical question? It's not even a hard one.”
“Fine. I'm not okay with it, but it's happening already.”
“Really?” Mat asked, unaware of this development.
“Yeah. They sell naming rights to anyone willing to fork it over. There are already schools with corporate sponsorships.”
“That's depressing,” Lucy said, sitting back in her seat. “Did you ever think it'd be like this when you were little?” She asked Steven.
“How old do you think I am?” He turned around and asked her.
 She leaned forward again, squinted at him and said very slowly, “When you guys picked me up, I was so sure you were his dad.” She tilted her head in the direction of Mat.
“I'm barely thirty-five.”
“Oh. Well, I wasn't that off...”
“How old are you?” Mat asked.
“Twenty-four.”
“And you're already an established painter?”
“Yeah, you know how that goes. When you got it, you got it,” she said arrogantly, yet somehow in a sarcastic tone.
“What does that mean?” Mat asked for clarification on whether that was more sarcastic or more arrogant.
“Lemme let you all in on a little something, boys. I like you guys so far, so I don't mind telling you this little secret: art is dead.”
 The phrase resonated through Steven and Mat both. Steven because he had just relived his childhood trying to become a screenwriter. The thrill of it all formed a bridge between his past youth and today, which confused him mostly, but reminded him how strong of a passion he had for that long ago. And he did start to miss having a passion. 
 Mat immediately recalled his childhood. He remembered his father dragging him to art museums, all kinds of art museums, impressionist art galleries, cubism, modern, post-modern, landscapes, abstract, everything. He remembered hating it at first, but like any child with something it was forced to do or eat, he slowly accepted it and grew fond of it. One of Mat's favorite things to do was going to an art museum at least twice a month. He didn't ever tell anyone, though. He wasn't ashamed or trying to hide it. He just enjoyed walking around looking at each piece by himself. Only, he was never by himself. The part of his father that was in his head would describe subtle features of each piece to him and they would talk about the significance of details or features that stood out. 
“Art is dead, in the traditional sense. It's evolved. Long process really. Paintings became photographs. People love photo galleries. Not my thing, but people love them. They buy them and hang them in their houses instead of paintings now. Then as that branched off, here's where you could have come in, Steven,” she said as she patted him on the shoulder. “Film came about and started gaining legitimacy as actual art. So, some of those people left to go appreciate that kind of art. As film grew and grew, television decided it needed to get smarter to compete with that. So then all of sudden, people started treating television as art. Now, it's not fully respected yet, but give it, say...five, ten years...it'll be art.
“You see, a long time ago, there were only painters and musicians. Now, there are dozens of artists and dozens of people just waiting to fill in one of those spots. All I do is paint. Simple. I don't think I'm that great, I throw a bucket of paint at a canvass, play connect the dots for a while and violà, you have a painting some sad stock broker is willing to fork over $5,000 for to impress some Broadway-wanna be he's trying to sleep with. My life is a sham, really.” She looked over at Mat, then at Steven. “A rich sham.”
“And you're happy with it?” Mat asked.
“Love it. Couldn't ask for a better life. What are you going to do after college?” She didn't ever really like being the center of discussion so she threw the focus off her.
“No idea. See what happens.”
“What do you do Steven?”
“Recently unemployed. See what happens.” He looked over at Mat, who smiled.
“Good life plan. See what life gives you and then take what you feel like taking.” 
 Although she said this in the most sarcastic voice either of them had heard out of her yet, Mat still managed to say with a straight face, “Finally, somebody that understands...”
“You need some direction to your life. You can't just expect everything to just appear.”
“You always wanted to paint?”
“Well...no.”
“But it just happened?”
“Pretty much.”
“I'm just waiting for the deus ex machina for my life story. Hasn't happened yet.”
 She laughed. “If only life was like in fairy tales...”
“Fine. Tell us how you got here.”
“You want me to tell you my life story?”
“Just tell me when you started painting until now. Inspire me to not wait.”
“That's ten years of time.”
“We've still got like four hours. We need time to kill. Go for it.”
 She sighed. “Whatever blows your skirt.”
 Their little debate felt a little too real for Steven, who felt uncomfortable enough to stay silent throughout all of it. 
“I was in high school. I took art with my best friend. I painted there. That's how it started.”
“That's it?”
“Pretty much.”
“You okay?” Steven asked. Mat was sweating and his added agitation wasn't helping his perspiration levels. He wanted to impress this girl he was sexually attracted to, but she had been very good at calling him out for his life inexperience.
“Yeah, I'm fine.” He wiped his brow with the back of his hand. “You wanna drive?”
“Sure.”
“Oh! Can I drive?” Lucy asked from the back.
#	
 So Lucy drove, while Mat sat in the back seat and Steven stayed where he was originally sitting in the passenger seat.
“Stop.” Mat said. 
 She slowed the speed of the car.
“Sorry. Figuratively.”
 She picked up the speed again, and made eye contact with Mat.
“Why were you in Phoenix?”
 She looked at him in the mirror. Her grip on the steering wheel tightened and seemed to rev the wheel, if it were a motorcycle. 
“I took a bus. It broke down. It was supposed to go to Denver, but it broke. And I didn't feel like waiting for another one after seeing all the hitchhikers on the side of the road. So, I thought I'd try it. Hitchhiking.”
 Mat felt like he pushed too much. He felt nosy and guilty.
“You sure you're okay?” Steven turned around to ask Mat.
 Mat looked at his face. It was older than a thirty-five year old man's face should look. But what was that according to? His face was older compared to whom? How many thirty-five year old men had Mat seen that day? How many thirty-five year old men had he seen combined? He certainly didn't stop every man walking down the street to ask them how old they were. 
 His face just looked old right now. Maybe it was the lighting in the car. The sun was still bright, and the windows only amplified its intensity. So Steven was backlit; the light behind him certainly didn't do him a favor, but instead highlighted the soft, usually unnoticeable wrinkles on his face. The light did hide his gray though; his hair looked darker.
“Why?” Mat asked, still distracted.
“You seem off.” 
 Steven had been friends with him for only two weeks, but he had spent a great deal of time with him in these past two weeks, especially in the last three days. He also had not had a great deal of social interaction in the ten years leading up to their friendship, so he had unknowingly become acutely aware of the minute differences in people's personalities on a day-to-day basis. It was like a cleansing of your palate, flavors became more distinguishable and vibrant. 
“I feel off.” He answered honestly. 
“He's not normally like this,” Steven assured Lucy.
“I'm not normally like this,” Mat reassured Lucy.
“It's okay.” She smiled because she wasn't sure what the proper etiquette was in a situation like this. “Let's just focus on getting to Texas.”
 They were still less than an hour away from Albuquerque, meaning they still had a great deal of driving to do. But it was summer, so the days were longer. Compounding this to their long day and the effects of fatigue due to the blinding sun, knowing this long day ahead of them made them all feel even more tired.
 Steven and Mat had both been up early from their dawn flight from Steven's parents and Lucy had made her own escape from the clutches of a crowded bus two hours before theirs. Mat took his turn and leaned back across the backseat, only he was too tall to fit so he had to bend his legs at the knee. It did have a psychological effect on the mind, because immediately he closed his eyes, rested his head against the window and opened up.
“Steven. Do you remember the day I met you?”
 He turned around and saw the sprawled out Mathew. He looked distraught. His eyes were shut, clenched rather, and this forehead had wrinkled itself up as if he was fighting off a headache. He looked over at Lucy, who looked equally as curious as Steven. She nodded to him indicating that she wanted to see where this was going, too.
“Yeah.”
“It's my turn to try to tell a story that lasts four hours.”
 Steven looked at Lucy again. He felt guilty that she was subjected to Mat's story. He knew that this still was related to the doppelganger, and clearly he was scared enough for his life that he felt that he had to tie up loose ends in his life right now. 
“Steven. Remember I told you that I had taken a random bus and had gotten off at a random stop and walked into the random diner?”
“Don't really remember that...”
“Okay. Well, I did tell you.”
“Is that not what happened?”
“No, no. It's what happened.” He sighed. It was a far from than the Mathew he knew. He seemed distracted and unsure of himself.  
“Maybe I should start earlier. Okay?”
“Okay.”
“Three months ago. No, it was later, when I came back from Europe. I had been studying there for five months in London. I was studying journalism there and everything. I'd always wanted to do something in broadcasting, but there, I just lost my drive. I hated it. I thought it was full of assholes and bureaucracy and it all meant nothing to me at the end. It was the complete opposite of what I always imagined. So I came back, almost defeated. I was lost and unsure and I doubted my entire future. That's what I was supposed to do, that's what I set my life up for, but I hated it.
“And I came back. That's the important part. I came back. I felt depressed. But I don't think it was related to the journalism thing. Well, I mean part of it was, obviously. But I mean for the most part. I'm talking in circles right now.”
 Mat's eyes were glassy, if not wet. Then he turned his head and looked at Steven, who had turned around to watch his speech, despite Mat's closed eyes. He was watching the facial expressions he continued to make and the way he breathed. That's what told him the most about the emotions he was feeling. The short breaths meant Mat was struggling to push his emotions out of him, as if he wanted to shove Steven's face in them. Then sometimes he had forgotten to breathe.
“You're fine.” Steven tried to ease Mat.
“Yeah. I felt this numbing depression when I got back. It's like I knew that when I was there, that I was as free and as unattached I would ever be in my life. I had zero commitments. I left for somewhere new every weekend. I was always active, always surrounded by great people. And I came back with all these experiences and ideas and everything...” He slowly picked himself up to sit. “And then I was back. It was like a wonderful dream that somebody woke me up from before I was ready. 
“I tried to explain what I was going through to my friends here, but they didn't understand. I mean, how could they? I grew to hate Americans while I was there. The stereotypes of them just...were so easy to see while I was there. Not of me,” he assured the two. “Seeing Americans made me realize why foreigners hate them so much.” 
 He caught himself. 
“Them...Us. Us.” He repeated. “But then I felt bad. I felt like I was abandoning my people. But I'm getting off topic. Anyway, I wasn't ready to get back to reality, but I knew that the longer I waited, the worse it would be to try and re-patriotize myself. So I forced myself to get back in the routine of how things used to be. 
“I called up all my friends, family, everything. I spent so much time with them, but I hated them. I can't explain it, but I didn't like spending time with them. Hold on. Hate's not the right word. Sorry. I just didn't like spending time with them. It's like I thought they were ignorant for not taking the opportunity that I took. Then I felt guilty, and didn't let that bother me. I can't explain it, it's like they had changed so much that they were almost unrecognizable. Or maybe I changed. Or we had both changed. It was always one of the three, which is frustrating. I mean, I've known these people, in some cases, all my life. And here I was, after only five months, and I didn't like my friends anymore.
 He was very vibrant with all his hand motions. They were thrown in every which direction like some puppeteer was flinging his hands by strings, trying to drive home the point to his long monologue. 
“I don't know how to react to that. I feel like an asshole. And they knew things were different. I mean, how could they not. So we started to grow distant for the most part. They thought I was a pretentious asshole and I thought they were idiots for thinking they couldn't have more than what they had. I can't explain it. Sorry I keep saying that...” He paused and looked outside the window to his right. “We can have so much more...”
“I'm lost,” Lucy said, tapping the steering wheel with her palm. “Completely lost. You?”
 Steven looked at her and shook his head. “I had you up until the end. What do you mean 'we can have so much more?'”
 Mat leaned up against the front bench. His head was leaning on it looking in the direction of Steven. “What do you mean; that's the point of the entire story...They were content living their lives here, forever and ever, never venturing past their comfort zone and living their entire lives in the same city forever and ever.”
“...Yeah. Tie it all together now. I mean, fit me into this.”
“Oh yeah.” He said it weird since he never picked his head up from the front bench seat and the side of his mouth fought to properly form each and every consonant. So he picked his head up so he could speak more than two or three words with each breath. “You, Steven. I just wanted a friend.”
“That's it?”
“Not entirely.” He extended his monologue. “I realized it was me that I was hating. I had pushed my dislike for myself on to other people. They're always better antagonists, other people. Yourself being your own antagonist is such a vague idea and harder to fight, and less interesting, too. So I realized it was me that I wasn't happy with. And I tried to think of what it was I didn't like about myself. I realized I didn't like my own selfishness. 
“The entire time, everything was always about me. It turns out the thing I hated most about other people was the quality I best exemplified. So I decided to change everything. I set out to do the most selfless act of charity. Sorry, that's not the right word, charity. I wanted to help somebody else realize that they could change their life, too.
“Yeah, I really did. I just got on a random bus and got off at a random stop and walked into that random diner.” He stopped to rethink that last part. “It wasn't that random...because it was the only establishment that didn't intimidate me.”
 Steven nodded, acknowledging how true that statement really was. The diner was in a terrible part of town.
“And I walked in. I remember it really well. Looking out at everybody there, you looked as lonely as me and it was like that loneliness inside me that pointed you out to me and compelled me to sit across from you that day. And I'm really glad I did.” He ended on a smile, which is usually a pretty damn good way to end a speech like that.
 Steven was speechless, dumbfounded, and every other synonym that he could think of. It was a moving speech. They both definitely would have cried if Lucy hadn't been sitting in the car with them. She wanted to cry, but felt like she wasn't close enough friendship-wise to make it acceptable. So she blinked her eyes rapidly to try to disperse the tears into the corners of them. Mat pressed the sides of his nose as if his allergies were bothering him. Steven rubbed his forehead until the moisture stopped.
“That's what you've been wanting to know.” He smiled.
“Thanks.” That was all Steven could think to say.
 The veil of secrecy and suspicion that surrounded Mathew fell in twenty minutes. It all seemed so bizarre that Steven was sitting in the front seat of a De Ville, while a beautiful twentysomething year-old girl drove, while this kid in the backseat, who he'd known for two weeks, confessed his own loneliness. It was a very weird situation to find himself in, and looking at it all, it was safe to say Steven handled himself really well. 
 Then he felt guilty that instead of openly greeting him with friendship and trust, for the past two weeks he had welcomed his kindness and warmth with a lukewarm smile and suspicion. Gone were the days where people could easily say 'hello' to anyone on the street without worrying about getting a knife through their belly. 
 In the beginning, all he wanted was a friend. And apparently, Steven looked lonely enough that one soul searching for meaning in the world had found him. It was quite the coincidence. He could have easily gotten off at a different stop and found nobody. Which was unfair to say; Steven really wasn't anything special. So it was quite unlikely that his soul, yearning for human interaction, could have sent a cry out to the universe that Mathew's equally lonely soul heard.
 But somehow, like everything that had happened to the two and their unlikely friendship, the universe and the gods had taken pity on them and threw coincidence upon coincidence that forced the two to get close. He looked out at the desert in front of him trying to make some comparison between his life up to this point and the vastness that surrounded him; it felt like a good comparison at the time and he wanted it to sound philosophical. He glanced at the clock, 5:33.
 It was at that moment that Steven looked outside the side window, considering their unlikely friendship. He was still unaware of the most significant coincidence that created their friendship, the car crash indirectly caused by the bored group of teenagers. Then he saw something in the window. It was most peculiar, he saw a woman standing outside. It looked like it was a reflection, but it was impossible since they were driving 80 miles an hour and she was standing still in the window, not shrinking and not growing. Clearly, she was something Steven's mind decided to create.
 She was a slender woman, with a shapely body. Her hair was the most unique feature, but Steven had a thing for hair. It was a bright blonde, almost too blonde to be natural, but by the way that it matched her face and skin tone, it had to be. She was pale, almost sickly, but she seemed happy, so in Steven's mind she couldn't be sick. She was wearing a plum shirt a long pink skirt. She was beautiful. But Steven was lonely enough to think any woman was beautiful, so that part of his account shouldn't be taken too seriously. 
 She wasn't facing him. He could see the profile of her face and that was it, she was still too far away to fully distinguish individual characteristics of each facial feature and most certainly far enough away that he couldn't see if she had freckles or what color her eyes were. She grew, as if Steven were chasing her. Then, she turned to him. He thought their eyes met. She opened her mouth to say something that was distinguishable, but he couldn't hear her. But then she saw something, maybe it was Steven she saw, because she seemed to see something that hadn't been there before; she jumped as if she had seen something frightening. Then just like that, she vanished. Steven squinted and tried to make sense of what he had just seen.
 He looked at the clock again. 5:29.
“That's what you've been wanting to know.” He smiled.
“Thanks.” That was all Steven could think to say. He felt obligated to repeat what had already unfolded.
 He'd done this before. He'd heard Mathew say that to him. He said the exact same thing back, unsure of what to say. He looked at Lucy and Mat, both whom didn't seem as confused and concerned as Steven was at the moment. He didn't think either of them had seen the reflection – though he knew it wasn't a reflection – he didn't exactly know if there was a word for what he saw, so he decided to call it a reflection. So neither of them were under the impression that they gained four minutes. This led to an internal amateur physics debate over whether he had actually gained four minutes or whether he was sent back in time four minutes. But looking outside, he couldn't be sure if they had been anywhere different than they were four minutes ago; everything looked the same. It sounded so preposterous that he abandoned that idea. So, unlike Mat, who was convinced about his doppelganger, Steven rejected any notion of paranormal activity and decided to never think of it again.
 Steven looked back at Mat, who still looked like he had demons to conquer. He was still really distracted and looked rather paranoid; he kept looking over his shoulder for cars behind them. He felt bad. They established eye contact and smiled at each other, cementing the mutual understanding of trust they now had. He looked over at Lucy and couldn't help but look at her with the exact same suspicion. He had skeletons, and surely she had them, too. He wanted to know them. No. He'd gone through the same thing with Mathew and didn't want to repeat his initial lack of trust with Lucy. She seemed nice enough, so he tried to abandon that thought, too. With the amount of thoughts and ideas Steven was throwing out of his mind, it's surprising he still had any left.
 They drove for the next three hours, mostly in silence with intermittent spurts of conversation about nothing. When they were about three hours from Amarillo, Lucy slowed the car down and pulled to the side of the road.
“What's wrong?” Steven asked.
“I'm tired,” Lucy said. She turned around and looked at Mat after she completely stopped. “There are blankets in the back. Let's camp it tonight.”
 Mat looked at Steven and Steven looked at Mathew, both looking to understand what the other really thought about the idea. It failed miserably and ended with both shrugging their shoulders in a 'why not?' fashion.
 The three got out of the car and pulled about seven or eight blankets out of the car and threw them on the desert ground. The sun had just set and some stars were starting to become visible. They three rushed to spread out the blankets over enough area to sleep on while keeping a couple to cover themselves and finished just as the last bright colors has given way to the dimmer yellows and oranges. More stars were out now as the three grabbed their duffel bags from the car to use as pillows.
“Sorry, I've just been up for a long time.” Lucy apologized for not getting to Amarillo.
“We're exhausted, too,” Steven said lying down. 
 The three lay under the stars. Steven hadn't slept under the stars in over a decade; it felt nice to return to nature. Nature has a strange, calming effect on people. Maybe it's not that strange and only feels strange because we're used to sleeping in climate-controlled environments with four walls surrounding us. Sleeping under the stars has this sense of freedom, like you're not so boxed into the life you're expected to lead, which is usually in a house, apartment or habitable place, usual indoors. So sleeping outside was a nice break for Steven.
 Lucy was an adventurous being who actively sought out things that were generally seen as out of the ordinary, something dangerous was always an added bonus for her, too. Once, when she was seventeen, she bought a bungee cord from a thrift store and bungeed the Brooklyn Bridge with a group of bungee jumpers. She had no idea why it was in a thrift store, but when she saw it she decided to test it out immediately, using herself. An adrenaline high was something quite desirable, so much, so that now the thrills she sought became more and more dangerous. Her base jumping lesson in L.A. almost did nothing for her.
 Mat tried his best to sleep, but he couldn't close his eyes, much less relax. He stared up at the sky as it darkened. Millions of stars made their entrance, seemingly covering the dark sky entirely. He couldn't find the moon so that's what he started looking for. Then he decided that the moon wasn't that important and gave up looking for it. 
 His mind came to and went from the doppelganger. When Mat called himself obsessive, it might have been an understatement. He looked up at the stars and wondered which direction he would go after he died. He wondered if he'd become a star up in the sky, forced to watch the mediocrity of humans for eternity. It'd be a fitting punishment for his criticism of it. He tried to close his eyes, but the sound of crickets surrounding him made it impossible to sleep. He looked over at Steven and Lucy to his right. Lucy laid in the middle, while Steven was on the far side. He was passed out and snoring lightly while Lucy's breathing was erratic. She wasn't asleep and took deep breaths, as Mat happily noticed, to try to lull herself to sleep. She slept in the middle, cementing his hypothesis that he, Steven and Lucy had formed a sort of Hans Solo, Luke Skywalker, Princess Leia relationship; he was hoping that that list was ordered respectively.
 He turned his attention back to the stars, which he hoped would calm him, or at least take his thoughts from his fears.
“You know...” Lucy started saying with her eyes still shut. She noticed he was unable to fall asleep. “That chirping crickets are a sign of good luck.”
“I didn't know that,” he said softly, turning his head to look at her.
 She turned her head and opened her eyes. “And by the sound of it.” She shut them again because she was too tired. “There's a lot of good luck out there tonight.” She smiled and returned to drifting in and out of consciousness.
 Mat couldn't help but smile until his eyelids got heavy and finally demanded they be shut. 



CHAPTER SIX

 Lucy woke up in a moving car. She opened her eyes slightly, but they didn't want to, so they closed again. She clenched them, trying to orient herself. There were voices, two of them. Two men were in the front seat. She struggled with sleep and spent five minutes trying to ward it off. She opened her left eye, which was the side not touching the seat. The sun was already up. It looked like it had been up for quite some time.
“...let her sleep. It's not a bad thing,” the older voice said.
“I'm telling you, too much sleep is a bad thing.”
 She tried to open her eyes more, this time she was successful. She remembered who she was traveling with and relaxed, she had not been kidnapped, good way to wake up, not kidnapped. She moved and used her left arm, the arm that wasn't asleep, to lift her body up. 
 Mat, who was in the passenger seat, heard the air moving around from behind him and saw that Lucy had woken up. She smiled, right eye still closed, and lines from the seat marked her face and arm. She shook her arm in an attempt to wake it up, but it responded only with pain. He threw a wrapped burger towards her.
“We got you lunch. You didn't have mayo on yours yesterday, so there's no mayo on it.”
“Yeah,” she said as she continued her struggle against the sun. 
“Oh. Here are these, too.” He tossed her a pair of sunglasses. “Too bright out.” He said pointing to his own new pair and the pair on Steven's face.
“Thanks,” she said, putting them on. “What time is it?”
“12:30,” Steven said.
“Great...Where are we?”
“Just passed Oklahoma City.”
“And we'll be in Wichita in...”
“About three hours.”
“Sorry I slept so long.”
 Mat turned around. “You were passed out. We tried to wake you up around 9, but you wouldn't wake up. So we threw you in the backseat.”
 She looked to her left for her bag, but none of the bags were there. “Where's...”
“We threw them in the trunk, just in case we pick up another handsy hitchhiker.”
“Thanks.” She rubbed her hair in an attempt to make it look presentable. She yawned and realized that her breath tasted horrible, so she shoved the burger in her mouth.
“Pretty good, right?”
 She nodded.
“It's called 'Whataburger.' How clever?” He smiled and turned around.
 The drive to Wichita was relatively uneventful. The only excitement came when Steven noticed the thermometer for the engine started to rise as they drove into Kansas. They were less than an hour away from their destination, so he wasn't too worried, not that he knew anything about what he was seeing. Following the directions left by their mechanic in New Mexico, they found the garage. They parked outside and went inside in search of his cousin, Jorge.
“Jorge?”
“Jor-ge.” He corrected in Spanish, without looking up from a magazine on the counter. “¿No hablas español?” He looked out to see three petrified white faces.
 They looked at each other, waiting to see if anybody knew Spanish.
“Sprechen Sie Deutsch?” Lucy retorted in a thick American accent.
 Jorge laughed at the joke only Lucy understood, smacking the counter. “It's the United States, and you speak bad German? Spanish.” He shook his head with a wide smile.
 Jorge stood in a small room that looked like it was decorated the same year their almost-broken car was designed. Paneling and counter tops reminded Steven of the 1970s, oranges and golds were prevalent and overwhelming. The carpets were an old brown and stained with motor oil. Jorge himself was also covered in motor oil, but his blue jumpsuit with an 'Earl' name tag protected his body from it. He was short, shorter than both Steven and Mat and significantly larger. His hair was in a short ponytail and was as greasy as the rest of him.
“Nevermind that. You're the Cadi that my cousin told me about?”	
“Yes, sir.”
 He looked up and pointed at Mat, who had spoken. “I like you.” He walked around the counter, grabbed his shoulder and started walking through the back door to the garage. “You, I will take care of. Why? Because your mother raised you right and taught you manners.”
 They were led to the garage. Jorge hit a button opening the door as he spoke. 
“I've got the parts to fix her. We'll have you out in about...two hours tops.”
“Thanks,” Steven said.
“Yeah, yeah. No problem. That's why you pay me. Pull her in.”
 Steven left to pull the old car in.
“Where you guys headed?” Jorge asked Mat, whom he seemed to take a liking to.
“Ohio.”
“Ohio. All the way from Arizona?”
“California.”
“Long drive, huh?”
“It's been something all right...How long you been here in Wichita?” Mat thought it was small talk, but Jorge saw it as xenophobic. He thought it was endearing.
 He crossed his arms. “About eight years now. Wife's sister lives here, so she wanted to be close to her.”
 Mat nodded. “And before that?”
“San Antonio. All my life.”
 The car was already in the garage now. Steven stepped out and they got the hood open. Jorge was anxious and stuck his head in as soon as the hood was high enough for him to stick it in.
“Oh yeah...” He pulled Mat in next to him. “See that?”
 He looked. “What am I looking for?” He looked at Jorge, lost.
“That box that's corroded through.”
“It all looks corroded.”
“There.” He put his finger on the thermostat.
“Okay. Yeah, I see it. What is it?”
“Your thermostat.” 
“Okay. Can you fix it?” He asked, his hands on his hips, careful not to touch anything. Mat turned out to be one of those people that didn't like to get his hands dirty. As surprising as it is, it would be more surprising to find that occasionally he went and had manicures.
“Can I fix it? Of course I can fix it. Why else are you here?”
 Jorge made an excellent point. They drove to Wichita specifically so that Jorge could fix their car. They could have tried another auto shop in any other city, but they followed the advice of the mechanic they met yesterday and drove to Kansas. Had they stopped at any other place, their lives could have ended up completely different. But they chose this fate, or did this fate choose them? Oh, life's unanswered questions.
 It was the first time Steven had been to Kansas in ten years, and though it was at the other end of the state, he wasn't too excited to be back. He came back because he knew that the car would have to be fixed. They were only driving through, so it didn't trouble him at all. At least they weren't stopping in Kansas City.
 While Jorge was busy hassling Mat about his lack of car knowledge, Steven walked around the car to join Lucy, who was standing by the trunk enjoying the hassling going on at the opposite end. She turned to look at him as he walked to her and smiled.
“I have a serious question. And I need you to be completely honestly with me, because I honestly have no clue about any of this stuff.” Steven said to her. He stared deeply into her eyes to drive his level of seriousness home.	
“Yeah.” She wasn't sure what it was about. She didn't know him well enough to even venture a guess what it could be about.
“Doppelgangers. Are they real?” He said it with a half-smile, meant feign he was not being completely serious.
 She smiled, thinking that he would ask something else. Doppelgangers were the last thing on her mind. She hadn't used the word in years, much less heard it a hundred times in the past twenty-four hours.
“Doppelgangers. Yes.” She had a tone that he couldn't quite decide if she was being completely serious or completely sarcastic. “They are just as real as vampires and zombies.” She stepped closer to him and looked him in the eyes. Her eyebrows had come together. “Always be prepared. You never know when zombies will strike.” 
 Steven looked at her through squinting eyes, unsure.
“I'm serious!”
 He wasn't convinced so he shouted at Jorge, who ended up being the wrong person to ask. “Jorge? You believe in zombies?”
 He stopped working and picked up a metal pipe from a counter behind him. “Where?!”
“No, are they real?”
“Psh...Are they real?” He shook his head and raised and lowered the pipe in his hand as he spoke. “Lemme tell you about my Tio Jesus. This is back in Texas, where he lived. Lived! When he was a teenager he was walking in a graveyard at night. What was he doing in a graveyard at night, I can't tell you. He never came home. My Tia Rosa went looking for him the next day and found him. Dead. His intestines had been ripped out of his body. She was so scared she left to go get my Tio Reuben, but when she came back, he was gone. So now my Tio Jesus is walking around looking for the intestines of the living. Can't be anything else but a zombie.”
 Steven looked at Lucy, who was more than happy to show her satisfaction with Jorge's response.
“And I'm serious about doppelgangers. So don't mention it again,” she said very matronly, protecting Mat's well-being.
 Steven didn't expect that as an answer. What answer did he expect? If he had expected her to tell him that doppelgangers weren't real, then why did he bother asking? So now Steven was forced into believing in folklore, in order to protect the sanity of his friend.
 Watching Mat scratch his head over engine parts, he seemed like his old self. He was calm and cool again. Lucy must have said something to him last night to calm him down.
“Did you say something to him to calm him down?”
“Yep...”
 Lucy did say something to him to calm him down. Brilliant.
“Told him about the crickets that were chirping last night. They're good luck. I told him it'd counteract the doppelganger.”
“Is it true?”
“God, no! It's a fucking doppelganger.” She looked at him like he was an idiot.
 Before long, the car was repaired and moral was at an all-time high. Steven had finally ended his suspicion of Mathew. Mathew was under the impression that the doppelganger wasn't a problem anymore and he had made a short-term friend in Jorge. Lucy was just enjoying friends that weren't her friends only because of her success.
 They bid farewell to their car savior and headed in the direction of a restaurant he recommended. It was also conveniently located close to a hotel, where he knew the owners. He assured them they were a nice old couple and even offered to call them himself and make arrangements. They couldn't refuse his hospitality and invited him to dinner. He then informed them that he couldn't miss dinner or his wife would think he was cheating again and this was his last chance. It was at this point in the conversation that things got a little bit awkward. The trio managed to do their best not to pass any judgment. It worked for the most part. Aside from some questionable faces, they left him with more or less the same level of friendship. It wasn't until they got back to the car did they all exchange glances, wondering if they had trouble properly assessing people. Dinner. It was one of those situations that only food could salvage.
 The restaurant where they ate dinner was on par with every other one they had eaten at so far. The only difference was it was a Mexican restaurant, so they couldn't eat their usual cheeseburgers and beer. So they settled with fajitas, chicken tacos, and cerveza. They spent a good part of their evening there and left when they realized they were the only ones still in the restaurant. 
 They walked across the street to the hotel that looked more like an old house. It was a large old wood house, three stories high. The exterior was in a slow state of decay, but it still looked homely, until lightning struck in the background, then it looked creepy.
“Fitting,” Mat said as he walked up the cracked concrete up to the porch. He stepped around a rotted hole in the ground and warned the other two to step around it. 
 He didn't walk through the door just yet, he waited for the other two to get on the porch, turned to them and asked, “Anybody else think this is kinda creepy?”	
 Steven did. Lucy opened the door and smiled, “I think it's quaint.”
 The two boys followed her into the house that seemed to be falling apart. The inside was dark and smelled musty. Of course, it wouldn't be complete without a frail old women sitting inside the reception area. She had stringy white hair, a match for her bony face.
“Hello...You must be Jorge's friends,” she said putting on her glasses. She squinted to adjust her vision.
“Yes we are.” Lucy smiled and stepped closer.
“Good. Follow me. She picked up a key from the wall behind her and left the office. She led them up the set of squeaking stairs to room 337. 
“Thanks,” Lucy said, touching her arm. Steven and Mat walked past them into the room.
 The old woman looked her in the face, grabbing her arm.
“You're not sad, like your friends?”
 She looked back at Steven and Mat, who had both turned on the TV and occupied two of the three twin beds. They didn't hear anything being said so far and the receptionist's elongated stay in the doorway hadn't aroused interest out of either yet.
“Not the slightest.” She tried to squint to see what it was the old woman was looking at.
 She smiled. “Don't worry, I can see it.”
“See what?”
“Everything.” It was a scene out of any horror movie, take your pick.
“Interesting...” Lucy said. She was genuinely intrigued, and just the right amount of crazy to believe anything.
“You have to go to Kansas City.” She said towards Steven.
“What?” He sat up. “What do you mean?”
 She smiled through her gray eyes. “If you don't go there, you'll never be able to move on.”
“Steven?” Mat asked, staring at the old woman wearing a pink dress that looked more like a nightgown. “You know somebody in Kansas City?”
“...Yeah.”
 He was considering what the chances were that this woman knew about the significance of Kansas City to Steven. Kansas City isn't that big of a place. But it turns out Steven was the only one in the room that was a skeptic.
 But his thinking was interrupted by Mat, who lunged out of bed and jumped towards the woman, hoping to finally settle his own demon. 
“Me. Tell me something.”
 She studied him. “Nothing.” And turned to walk away but Mat grabbed her arm.
“I saw my doppelganger. Am I going to die?”
 She looked at his hand around her frail forearm. She looked at his face. His eyes pleaded for an answer. 
 She touched his arm and said nothing for thirty seconds. All of a sudden she broke into a large, gummy smile and fit of laughter. “It was your vardøger.” She left the three of them there. 
 There all they stood, more or less confused. Lucy slowly shut the door and turned to face Mat and Steven.
“What's a vardøger?” Mat fell to the ground on his knees, broken.
“Was any of that weird for anybody else?” Steven asked to no one, apparently. 
 Lucy sat on the bed closest to her, the only one that hadn't been claimed. The room was cold and poorly lit, but nobody mentioned its sad state. The room was only big enough for the three beds and a small TV in the corner, which Steven and Mat had given up trying to make work. 
 Lucy closed her eyes, trying to sleep. Mat sat up in his bed against the wall. The deteriorating yellow striped wall paper remained relatively intact as it got lower to the ground starting at about the spot he rested his head.
“Let's go to sleep and we'll figure it all out in the morning.” Steven suggested. 
 So he lay down and closed his eyes. He didn't fall asleep easily that night either. He was glad it wasn't a doppelganger, but he was still concerned about this intimidating v-word. 
 They both had started to try to sleep with the lights still on, so while Mat was busy trying to figure out a way to find out what it was he had seen, Steven got up to turn the lights out. After crawling back into his bed, Steven thought about Kansas City.
 He often thought about going back, but he could never think of a reason why or what he would say to his brother. It wasn't something a person would particularly look forward to doing. He turned on his left side, facing the back of Mat. Maybe the entire trip made him confidant in himself. He'd been doing things already that he thought he would never do. He tried to get a script picked up and he saw his parents. It was only natural at this point that he would try and tie up all his loose ends.
 But what was most concerning is how the other two weren't at all weirded out by anything that had happened with all the old people they'd encountered so far. That was unfair to say, but Steven had already pushed his own vision out of mind.
#
 They prepared to leave Wichita in a hurry. Why Mat and Lucy rushed was unclear, they probably tried to match the speedy pace Steven set. They packed in all of ten minutes, after they took turns showering, which hadn't happened since their desert camp out. 
 Steven suddenly found himself at the reception window in the lobby. He didn't remember walking down there, much less anything else that had happened since he woke up. He admitted he'd been in a sort of daze since last night. Then he decided the haze he was in had really lasted for the past two weeks.
 He placed the key on the counter. This morning an old man with liver spots on his bald head sat behind the desk.
“Ever'thing okay?”
“Yeah. Your wife was really helpful,” he said, meaning every word.
 He looked up at Steven and started to cry. “My wife has been dead for eight years.”
 Steven looked behind him at Lucy and Mat. Mat looked just as horrified and Lucy rolled her eyes and smiled, as if everything made sense. 
 You've got to be kidding me, Steven thought. They'd been through quite a lot already, and it was at this point he was willing to accept it and shrug it off as fact instead of science fiction.
 But just as Steven was prepared to do this, the old man smiled. “I'm just kidding. We do that to all our customers.” Steven backed away, smiling uncomfortably. The others turned and walked out the door as Steven turned around to walk out. 
 They drove to a gas station to fill up. It was an opportunity for Steven to call his mother to track down his brother while they were out of the car. No, they didn't mention his disappearance from Phoenix.
#
 Driving up I-35 was the same as driving down I-10 or I-40. The scenery was definitely different, but the feeling felt the same. Sitting in a car for hours on end had the exact same vibe, no matter where you happened to be driving through. Sure, the scenery is impressive at first. Desert landscapes speckled with rising plateaus, the soft hills of northern Oklahoma, It's all beautiful. But then you get tired of looking outside or your eyes return to looking at the inside of the car, which never changes.
 Steven drove. This time it was his turn to lose himself in his thoughts. Being in Kansas itself turned out to be sort of an ordeal for him already. Now, he was following the directions of an old woman he met in a hotel. His mind was in pieces, scattered in different places. He had had his mind in one place for so long. His body was in this one place, too, but people tend to put the importance of the mind over the body. There he was in Ohio, his mind with him, and it was so focused on not letting it stray back to Kansas. Yet here he was. 
“We're going to see your brother, aren't we?” Mat asked from the front seat.
 Steven nodded.
 A short pause. “You gonna tell me what happened this time?” He asked referencing the shutdown he received in Phoenix and the repercussions that it caused.
 Steven didn't nod or say anything because he was lost in his thoughts. He replayed possible scenarios over and over in his head, trying to strategize and plan from his hypothetical situations.
 Lucy, who was excited in the back seat, kept Mat company.
“I'm really glad that you guys picked me up and not some trucker.”
“Man, you shoulda been there in Phoenix. Talk about awkward situation.”
“For Steven?”
“For me.”
“Oh.” It wasn't the answer she was expecting, so she started playing with her hair.
#
 They followed directions scribbled on a dirty napkin until they reached a large boxy house in suburbia. It looked like it could be any house out of Steven's parent's neighborhood, but in Kansas. A large brick archway decorated the front of the house. A pathway through a perfectly manicured lawn with yellow flowers passed underneath the archway. There were no cars in the driveway, so they parked there.
 Lucy had taken to moving her now-claw shaped hands over Steven's body as if she were scraping an imaginary layer of lent off him. 
“What are you doing?” asked Steven, who had been sitting for two minutes in silence.
“I'm fluffing your aura.” 
“Why?”
“So your brother gets a good first impression of you.”
“I'm fine.”
“Well, you were,” she said, commenting on his aura's sudden color change.
“What does your brother do?” Mat asked.
“No idea.”
“Let's find out,” he said and opened the car door.
 Scrambling out of the car to make sure Mat didn't ring the doorbell first, Steven stepped on a yellow flower in the lawn by mistake but took no notice. He rang the doorbell. His heart was pounding and time decided to be cruel. He felt like he stared forever at that dark green door. Who paints a door green, seriously? The lock clicked. The sound of air escaping whooshed out as the door slowly opened. 	
 There stood a younger looking man, with dark hair. It was combed over, but it worked for him. He wasn't balding nor did he have a receding hair line. He was fit and wore shorts to prove it. But despite his youth, he was undeniably Steven's brother. Plain face. Shame.
“Steven?”
“Nathan.” 
 His brother just stood there, speechless. He couldn't think of what to say. Steven expected his parents to call ahead, but he decided they must have wanted to be cruel and let it all be a surprise. Footsteps came from behind him, shoes on tile.
“Nathan? Who is...” She saw him. “Oh...Steven.” 
“What are you...” Nathan started.
“Hope.” Steven said over his brother's failing question. Nathan was looking next to him as he tried to ask, looking at his wife's equally surprised face.
“Oh, brother.” Mathew muttered under his breath, understanding. He turned to Lucy. “He didn't warn us about this?” 

CHAPTER SEVEN

“And that's why I'm only going to date writers.”
 Steven was in the eighth grade when he heard Hope say this. She wasn't talking to him, she was talking to her best friend, Amy Gibbons. He had watched her, almost lurking. The only time he managed to talk to her was in his science class.
 The thing about Steven, pre-Hope, was that he wasn't exactly the Steven he would become. He had dreams, only he hadn't yet decided his dream would be writing. He wanted to move away. That was his big dream. He wanted to escape Middle America and move somewhere exciting, he wanted to do exciting things. Steven was still a relatively reserved person, shy, but he dreamt big. But the problem that he fought was he was born plain. He had no special skills, no talents, nothing; he was doomed to the life his parents led and like their parents did before them. His dream was to escape it all and make his own life story.
 Sitting in his bedroom alone, he walked over to his desk and pulled out a blank sheet of paper. He struggled with ideas and never got anything down on paper, not for another two months at least. But he still kept coming back every night after dinner to his desk, where he would sit in front of a blank sheet of paper waiting for inspiration to hit him.
 The day it hit him was in the middle of July. It was hot and sticky outside during the day, but at night a fierce wind blew, violently shaking the tree branches outside his second story window. He looked out that window and counted four years until he could leave. And he realized that he could write about that, a small town boy, living in a lonely world, just wanting to get out, take a train anywhere. As original as the thought appeared to Steven, the inspiration did not come from that wind nor from the tree, not even from his own desperation for adventure; the radio station he was listening to had been playing “Don't Stop Believing.”
 Still, Steven wrote deftly, finishing almost fifteen pages before he fell asleep on top of them. Passed out, he dreamt of being a writer. He knew that he was a capable writer (his English teacher had told him so on his book report of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer) and imagined writing the rest of his life wouldn't be a bad life to lead. So he combined his previous dream of moving away with his new dream of being a writer, all thanks to a junior high crush on a girl and Journey.
 Analyzing both factors to his dream from an outside perspective seems really ridiculous. How can we know the context of Hope's wish? Steven hadn't heard the conversation leading up to that statement. Hope actually hadn't been speaking, it was her friend Amy who was talking, a voice that Steven's ears were not acutely tuned to hear. Still, he would remember that sentence for a long time. Now Journey's song was definitely not an original concept. And Steven thought his idea was so original that he allowed it to change his life completely...
#
 Steven sat in his English class, bored along with the rest of his peers. They were all half in a daze and half asleep, it was the perfect state for the teacher, who only half-heartedly pretended to teach. Steven sat diagonally behind Hope, so he was in a full daze and not at all asleep. He stared at her the entire time, imagining what a date with her would be like. He loved her light brown hair. It came down just past her shoulders in waves; it looked so soft, he imagined himself running his fingers through them. She had beautiful hair, it was the first thing that attracted Steven to her. He was glad he sat behind her, not that she didn't have a beautiful face, but he loved her hair. As for her face, it was nearly perfectly symmetrical, a scientific characteristic measuring beauty. It was an odd compliment to receive, but a compliment nonetheless.
 Staring at the back of her head, he had the pleasure of watching her stare at somebody else. She was staring at Alan Thompson. He wasn't particularly handsome, athletic or smart. He sat in class writing in a spiral, adding to Steven's speculation that she really only did date writers. As much a hyperbolic statement as that was, he still believed it. She was really only attracted to him because he was weird. He didn't really talk to anyone and wrote all the time. He was mysterious and that was something she was attracted to.
 And it was only because of her failed attempt with Alan that Steven had a chance. It was between classes, Steven was creepily watching Hope from his locker. He was particularly intrigued right now because she was walking over to Alan. They spoke very briefly and then she walked back to her locker, upset. Steven, however average in intelligence, was no idiot. He knew she had a crush on him and he assumed she went over to ask him to homecoming with him. He must have said no.
 So Steven had a sudden rush of courage, scrambled over to her locker, where she had buried her head in and straight forwardly asked her to homecoming. She said yes without a thought. She thought she would have said yes to anybody at that specific moment in time, she was still shaken over being rejected from Alan, the boy who never speaks. And that's how Steven won his first date with Hope.
#
 Their date went perfectly. Whether it was luck or fate or the charm Steven must have appeared to have, Hope fell for him. He actually did have some charm at the time. There are some people in the world that gain more confidence – and sex appeal, using the transitive property – when they're in the company of certain people. Steven was this way when he was with Hope.
 They spent nearly every moment together from that day on. Lunch, they ate together. Between classes, they walked together. After school, and so on. Eventually, they realized they were in love and that only made them happier. Steven's parents, who weren't that impressed with Steven, were also quite taken by that one brunette girl who's always around the house.
 They were high school sweethearts. Together, they felt confident about themselves and their future, despite their different life paths.
“Are you sure you don't want to go?” Steven asked. He was going to school in Illinois.
“I can't leave here. You know that.” Hope walked up to Steven and put her arms around her. “Everything will be okay.”
“I don't have to go.” He said kissing her.
“You've wanted to get away and here's your chance. It's only four years.”
“Yeah...Only four years.” But this is a horrible way to foreshadow, and picking at individual moments in their relationship would be unfair. Steven never saw signs that she had lost interest, there were none.
#
 Four years went by. They talked every day, nothing had changed. At least, nothing had changed for Steven. His thoughts never left Hope and he remained entirely faithful. He knew she was going to be the woman he married. After four years of college, his final semester was drawing to a close. Hope just got off the phone with him from Kansas City. He was excited about finishing college. More specifically, he was excited about another summer with Hope. There were still three weeks of school left, so he was in hybrid state of feeling extremely antsy and carefree. So, on a whim, he decided to drive home. He didn't call his parents and he didn't call Hope.
 When he walked in the door to his house, he realized that his parents weren't home. It wasn't rare for a Friday afternoon, so he thought nothing of that. It wasn't until he opened the door to his brother's bedroom, did he think something of that. He had seen his brother's car outside, so he knew he was home. However, seeing his brother Nathan underneath his girlfriend of almost eight years brought bile to his throat.
 The two scrambled to clothe themselves while Steven stormed to his room. He had anticipated a nice weekend with her; now all he had inside was hate and betrayal. He went through his room picking up anything he wanted to keep. He passed over all his writings on his desk, effectively giving up on that, most of what he had written was about Hope anyway and he didn't want that kind of constant reminder.
 By now, Hope had rushed into his room. She cried, and tried to apologize. He heard footsteps downstairs. Everything seemed surreal and foggy. He fought back tears through his clenched teeth. He hadn't stuffed much into a black duffel bag and walked back downstairs. His parents were now both there bringing in groceries.
“How long did you know?” He yelled at his parents, nodding his head at Hope.
“About a year,” his dad said apathetically.
 And with that, Steven walked out. Hope chased him outside, begging his forgiveness. He got in the car. He looked up at his brother's room. Nathan was staring at him through the window while Hope banged on his window. Nathan didn't look remorseful, he stared out the window. Steven started the car. The banging and crying intensified, which brought him to tears. He backed out of the driveway, Hope chasing after him.
 He sped off out of the suburban neighborhood as she still tried to chase him, but stopped when he was out of sight. Eight years. And then there was no Hope.
#
“What are you doing here?” Was his brother's kind greeting.
“Thought it was time I visited my brother,” Steven said, just audible.
 As an outside observer, it was painfully clear that a love triangle existed. All of the tension that had built up over eight years still remained. Whether Steven still loved Hope or not was unclear at this moment in time, but both Lucy and Mat had notions that he had been in love with this woman at some point in time.
“And your friends?” Nathan asked.	
“Mat.” He introduced himself.
“Lucy.” She shook Nathan's hand, without taking her eyes off Hope.
“Come inside,” said Nathan unsure of what to say much less do.
 They walked into their house. It was nice, but plain. There was no paint on the walls and the few wall decorations that hung on the wall were large picture frames with the factory placed photo still inside. They were led to a living room with three oversized couches against three different walls.
“Y'all want a drink?” Nathan asked. “We've got some Coors.”
“Thanks,” Steven said.	
 Hope got up to get their drinks.
“I heard you saw Mom and Dad,” Nathan started. Being Steven's younger brother, he had been a second chance for their parents. He had the social skills that Steven lacked.
“Yeah, Two days ago. They looked good.”
“They're doing well.” He corrected.
 Steven remembered the difficultly in talking with his younger brother.
“What're you doing now, Steven?”
“He writes.” Lucy said. Steven looked at her briefly, only to look back at Hope who was trying to hand him a beer. She handed the other beers to the other two and took her seat next to her husband on the couch, directly across from the one the three had taken up residence.
“I'm sorry. How do you know Steven?”
“We're engaged,” she said placing her arms around him and her head on his shoulder.
 Steven and Mat both looked at her, surprised.
“Oh. Well, good for you,” Nathan said, unsure of what else to say.
“I just wanted to meet his family and all,” she said, smiling.
 It was a nice thing of Lucy to do. She understood that Steven had been romantically linked to his brother's wife. It must have been painful. But it was more painful for Lucy to just sit and watch all this unfold. Luckily for Steven, Lucy happened to be young and pretty, something that all middle-aged women hate. So she took it upon herself to make Steven look better, because quite honestly, he wasn't all that great off with what he had going for him.
“And y'all are going...”
“To Chicago,” Mathew said. Now the other two turned and looked at him. “Going to visit our father,” he said, nodding towards Lucy. “She's my sister...It's why I'm here.” He smiled uncomfortably. He only lied to make sure they kept their story straight and at least what he said would give them some direction in their fictitious lives.
 If anybody was counting, that would be three lies in the span of about five minutes. 'Oh, what a tangled web we weave when first we learn to deceive.' But it all seemed believable enough; maybe not Steven being engaged to Lucy, but still, Nathan and Hope Matthews thought nothing of deception.
“How long have you two known each other?” Nathan asked.
“Four years.” Steven said. He was surprised by his response and surprised that he was joining in the lies, too.
“Steven, it's so good to see you.” Nathan put his arm around Hope who looked the most uncomfortable in the room.
 A close second was Mat, who seemed to notice the competition between the two factions and tried his best to remain a silent observer.
“Yeah.” Steven couldn't add any other words to his one word retort. “What've you been doing?”
“Working, mostly. I work out at Sprint doing telecom work. Hope teaches out at an elementary school. What do you do, Lucy?” The last bit was a sharp, shift in tone. He assumed she was just a pretty face, and since she was so young, she couldn't possibly have a career.
 Lucy was mostly taken off guard. She was hoping that she would be left out of the conversation and it would stay between the two brothers. Hope hadn't said anything, so she thought she would be exempt as well. But it wasn't the case, and now she faced a harsh interrogation.
“I paint.”
“As a hobby?” Nathan was trying his best to belittle her and Steven as a result.
“No.” She smiled coyly. “Do you telecom for a hobby?”
“You paint for a living?”	
“I do.”
“Anything I've heard of?”
“Google me, then.” She crossed her legs, now fully anticipating his brother to be that big an ass.
“Okay,” he said standing up. “What's your last name?”
“Lucy Via.”
 He walked out of the room. Steven was a little appalled that his brother could be that much of an ass. He looked at her apologetically. They were both offended and poor Mat was again stuck in the middle of an irreconcilable feud.
“I always thought Kansas City was in Missouri,” Mat asked Hope, trying to diffuse tension.
“It is.”
“But Steven said we're in Kansas.”
“We are.” Beat. “It's in both.” It didn't diffuse anything.
 Nathan returned laptop in hand and started typing. He looked up at Lucy, grudgingly.
“Lucy Via is an American painter, born 1986...”
 Hope looked at Steven, shocked that he would marry somebody eleven years younger than him and disgusted that he would parade her around her house.
“...she is most known for her abstract paintings that have been shown in galleries in New York, London, Berlin and Prague. She has been called one of the rising stars in American art, according to Time magazine...”
“Are you sure it's her?” Hope asked, looking over her shoulder.
“Here's a picture of her.”
 Everybody in the room looked at her, including Steven and Mathew. They were surprised at how they could have been traveling with her the past three days and she had never mentioned how important she really was. In her true fashion, she smiled that small but sly smile.
“So you all came from...”
“L.A.,” Steven said. “Meetings with Universal and FOX.” Astonishingly, that was true; he didn't have to make that part up.
 And then Nathan began to feel like the ass and Hope started to regret her gamble on Nathan. Steven began to feel satisfied, though Lucy did all the work.
“How did you two meet?” Hope asked, finally speaking up.
“It was at one of my galleries. It was really crowded that night. I remember walking around watching people look at my paintings. It's something I like doing, looking at their reactions.” She emphasized words like paintings and galleries. Every time she did that, Hope jolted, as if somebody had stabbed her with a little needle. “I saw Steven looking at a painting of mine and was touched by how the painting had moved him.” She started running her hands through his hair while looking at him. “I'll never forget it. He turned and looked at me and asked if I knew the artist. Then I told him it was me and he kissed me.” Lucy turned to look at his brother and his wife. “And I've been in love with him ever since. He's become my muse, my reason to paint and I, his reason to write.”
 That last bit had offended Hope, who was once Steven's reason to write. She actually was the reason he wrote.
“We'd better get going,” Steven said. “We're trying to get to Chicago and we've been driving a long ways. Just thought we'd stop by and say hello.” He smiled, a little too smugly.
 They stood to get up, confident in their victory, but something caught Steven's eye. It was a toy fire truck. He looked back at his brother, who nodded.
“We have two sons, David and Samuel.”
 They kept walking to the door, and now it was Nathan who felt confident in his victory.
“It was good seeing you, Nathan.” He smiled widely. “You know where we live now. Don't be a stranger.” And then he closed the door on them.
 And that's why you play nice, rather than try to rub something in an enemy's face. Even if the enemy is your only brother.

CHAPTER EIGHT

“Is everyone in your family an ass?” Mat asked from the backseat. The seating arrangement had changed slightly.
 Driving towards Iowa, Steven was relieved. It was something that he did once and would never have to do again. They didn't seem all that happy, and that was just enough to make Steven happy.
“Pretty much,” Steven replied.
“I have a lot of respect for you about now.”
“Thanks. And thanks for all those lies. I think if you guys didn't do that then I'd just look like a loser.”
 They all agreed by nodding.
“You okay?” Lucy asked.
 Steven sighed. “Yes.” He smiled. “I think I finally got to put a lot of questions to rest. I don't think there will be anymore 'what ifs.'” He looked at Lucy and then at Mat. “Thanks for all that.”
 Steven felt liberated. It was only in a small way, but that small way was the best thing that had happened to his self-esteem in ten years. Living in Ohio, he learned to forget. He wanted to forget, he needed to forget. And forgetting was something Steven did mildly to moderately well.
 He romanticized everything he remembered. He especially remembered Hope differently. But people tend to emphasize the better parts of relationships and forget the bad. And that's how people are generally remembered. Steven, in his forgetting, forgot about the bad times while they were together. He forgot her insults and putdowns and only remembered the fun they had. That is, until he discovered her affair with his brother. Then that's all Steven could remember; it was a traumatizing sight.
 So then he tried to forget that. And like the forgetting of any memory, he tried to forget her entirely. Unfortunately for Steven, she was such a big part of his life. He knew Hope for over a decade. So he tried to purge every memory of her and in the process, he started to forget his own past, the sort of things that made him the person he would end up becoming. He forgot his first dream, the one where he wanted to move away, and he forgot where his second dream came from, his desire to impress Hope with writing. Only his memory of Hope was so strong; he couldn't entirely forget everything about her. He remembered his dream to become a writer, but he couldn't remember how or why he had this dream, he just remembered writing and enjoying his English classes. Steven's life had grown around Hope and Hope's life. Though meaningless in the grand scheme of things, it influenced Steven's life, which was only slightly less meaningless than his brother and Hope's lives.
 Visiting his parents had expectedly led him to think about his brother and Hope. So, while his roadside companions were enjoying themselves – although Mathew wasn't really enjoying it until after Wichita – Steven's mind was working overtime desperately trying to recall memories he'd purged. The human mind is an interesting thing. It can tailor memories to exactly the way you want to remember something. And that's what Steven's mind had done. It had transformed Hope into the most interesting beautiful girl he had ever seen.
 Looking back at their visit to Kansas City, he recalled her face again. He examined her really well. The first thing he looked at was her hair. Now, it had streaks of gray, much like him. But it was damaged and the texture looked like straw. Her eyes were tired and sad, with lines all around them. Her glow had faded and even the freckles under her eyes seemed to have vanished. When she smiled, there were no lines or wrinkles around it. She didn't smile often then. Time hadn't been kind to her.
 He wondered if she was ever as pretty as he remembered. He wondered what else his mind could have changed. Did they really have fun back then, or were they just as miserable as she appeared with Nathan?
 He drove in thought. Mathew sat in thought. And Lucy talked aloud to no one in particular. Sometimes Steven would start listening to her talk and nod. And Mathew would do the same thing.
 Then Steven saw a sign for a church off the highway. Hope Church of Christ. He smiled to himself as they passed it.
 The past ten years he sat alone in Ohio, feeling sorry for himself. He allowed betrayal to consume every minute of his life the first couple of years. As time wore on, he learned to forget, but he couldn't forget that feeling of self-pity or of loneliness. Soon, it became part of him and binded to his soul. So his once free soul became shackled to the mistake his ex-girlfriend had made, and Steven was slave to it. Until now.
 Now he had made peace with his family, even if the peace wasn't real and was built on lies. But it doesn't matter how peace is made. Peace is such a technical term that is often forced upon people anyhow. That's all it was. It was something forced on Steven, though he couldn't deny he was happy despite being forced into it. But now he could breathe easier knowing that he'd not have to waste another minute thinking about the past. The past is somewhat settled.
“God's overrated anyway,” Lucy said, noticing Steven looking at the large sign outside.
 He smiled. “There's no Hope in my life anymore.”
 She thought about which 'hope' he was referring to. Then she saw his smile and knew what he meant.
“Thanks, by the way...dear,” he said.
“She was a bitch. And bitch got what she deserved.” She looked at him, squinting in the sun. “I'm glad you didn't end up with her. You're a lucky man, Steven.”
“Everything always works out, I guess.”
“Amen.”
 He looked in the mirror at Mathew.
“What's the real reason for us driving to Chicago?”
“My father.”
“Really?”
“Yeah.” He leaned forward. “I want to do the same thing. You know, tie up loose ends and all. It looks therapeutic.”
“I don't know if that's the right word.”
“You feel better about your life?”
“Well, yeah.”
 He patted him on the shoulder. “Yeah, it's the right word. You guys don't mind, do you?”
 Neither did. And that's how Steven ended up living in Chicago.
#
“This is where your father lives?” Steven asked, impressed by the large size of the penthouse.
“Yep.”
 It was large. He didn't know how one person could have an entire floor of a building. Greco-Roman pillars extended to the ceiling, painted ceiling of course. Marble floors stretched in every direction and sculptures were everywhere.
“I'm going to call him and see when he'll be back.” He walked towards the window and dialed.
 Steven and Lucy walked towards the window to look outside. They were high up so their view was impressive. They could see what seemed like a good chunk of the city and the lake. The people were too small to see and the cars looked like large bugs.
 Then they wandered around the large open penthouse for some time, admiring the decoration. They'd later learn that it was professionally decorated and Mr. Flowers had paid a great deal to have somebody do it.	
“He's in Japan,” Mathew said, joining the other two. “He said we can stay here until he gets back.”	
 Lucy and Steven looked at each other.
“I wouldn't mind it,” Lucy said.
“I don't have anything to do right now.”
“Good. He'll be back in three months.”
“Awesome,” Lucy said.
“Three months?” Steven verified.
“Yeah. What else do you have to do? We can just hang out here for three months. Chicago's nice this time of year. You're unemployed. You can paint here. And I can...slum or something.”
“I like that arrangement,” Lucy said smiling and admiring a bust of a woman.
“I don't know...”
“Steven. Look. You've got nothing going on right now. Use this as an opportunity to finish that book we were reading earlier. It's the perfect opportunity.”
“I hate that book.”
“Write a new one. Just use this time to do something you've always wanted to do but never had the time for.”
 He thought about it for a good bit of time, but since we all know that Steven lives in Chicago for the next three months, we can skip the rest of the discussion knowing he agreed. Although it should be noted that at in the end, it was not a reluctant agreement. He actually was looking forward to it. “Yeah. I could write.” He actually did want to write now.
#
“Coffee?” Lucy asked.
 They had all had a good night's rest in actual beds and taken showers long enough to fill a swimming pool. They sat around the kitchen island eating eggs that Steven had prepared. The kitchen was just as ornate as the entryway/living room with mahogany wood cabinets, marble floors and granite countertops. There were even more sculptures in the kitchen. It was bordering between beautiful and too much, but it blended well with the rest of the penthouse.
 Lucy poured both Steven and Mathew the coffee she had been brewing. It was some blend nobody had heard of from Colombia.
“I think I'm going to go get some painting supplies if we're really going to be here for three months.”
“Great. I know this art supply store close by.”
“How often do you see your father?” Steven asked.
“Used to be about once a year, but I haven't seen him in three.”
“When did your parents split?”
“I was really little. Seven or eight I think. He moved here right away.”
“What does he do?” Lucy asked continuing to admire his place.
“Not really sure. Stocks and commodities trading, or something. All I know is it pays mad well.”
 Steven drank his coffee. It was bitter, but he figured it was a strong blend. He never had his coffee particularly strong.
“Steven, you can set up shop in my dad's office. There's really nothing in there except a desk. Great view of the city. I think it'd be a great place to write.”
“I don't know what to write about. You even said yourself it's nothing special.”
“Write what you know,” was Mathew's vague advice.
 Lucy shook her head. “Steven, write gibberish write nonsense.”
“What?”
“It's what people eat up nowadays. They want to read something they don't understand. Everybody looks for meaning where there is no meaning now. You can write about a talking chair and people will love it.”
“That's not how it is...” Mathew tried to argue.
“I'm an artist. I paint nothing and they love it. I promise.”
“So what do I write about?”
 She sighed. “Well, taking my advice...write about the life of a tree. From seedling, following its adventure of getting cut down and turning into a napkin. Then it's decomposition.”
“And it'll sell?”
“Not a doubt in my mind.”
“I wouldn't read that.”
“Yes you would.”
“Steven,” Mathew interrupted. “Why don't you just write about what happened, your adventure to California and the tying of loose ends with your family.”
“People don't want to read about that,” she protested. “Don't write what you've been through. It happens all the time and people are over the 'based on a true story' crap. They want eco-shit.”
“Steven. Do you want to make art or do you want to make money?”
“Well.” It was a no-brainer. “I want to make money. I don't care about art anymore.” Steven just wanted to do well enough to make sure he could rub his family's face in it one more time; he hadn't exactly learned his lesson. He decided in that moment that he was tired of being a nobody. His mind was reminded of vague hints of his first dream and decided to reclaim it, only raising it: he wanted to be respected. He was tired of getting stepped on and bullied around. This time, he wanted to be the person that was feared and respected.
“Go ahead. Write her tree story.”
“It doesn't have to be a tree. It could be a fish. From an egg to inside somebody's stomach.” She smiled.
“Or a book where each chapter is dedicated to an animal raised in captivity.”
“There you go!” she exclaimed. “Seriously, my friend Marie was telling me about this guy that sold organic nachos. Made a killing. Okay. I'm done. Ready to go to the store?” She nudged Mat as she stood up from her stool.
“Yeah.” He took their plates to the sink. “Just because everybody is a sellout nowadays doesn't mean you have to sell out, too.”
“Just because he wants to make money doesn't mean he's selling out!” Lucy shouted from around the corner. “I make more money than both of you have in your lives combined and I'm not a sell out.” She said returning with shoes.
“She's a sellout,” Mat assured Steven.
“Fine. Whatever. I was going to cougar you, Matt, but I guess I'll just be Steven's sugar mama with all my cold, hard cash.” She realized that had no effect since she was staying in his father's lavish Chicago penthouse.
“Steven. I retract everything I said. Go write art about the murdered tree.” He walked away to get his shoes, too.
 Lucy stood at the counter next to Steven. “Just go in, sit down and write whatever comes to mind. It's what my writer friends do all the time. Well...they are high...so just sit down and let whatever comes out, come out. It's supposedly a natural process. I assume it'd still be a natural process sans dope.” She smiled offering her turn at vague advice.
“Okay.”
“Ready?” Mathew asked.
“I was ready five minutes ago.” And they walked out the door, leaving Steven to himself. But he felt productive today, so he wandered into Mathew's father's office. It was as spacious as the rest of the place, just darker. Burgundy curtains covered the windows, so he pulled them back. Light started to warm the room up as he sat behind the desk. A desktop sat in front of him, other than that, the desk was empty. He opened OpenOffice and stared at the screen.
#
“You sure about his ability to write?” Mathew asked when the two exited the building.
“Anybody can write anything. It's all subjective. There's going to be one person in the world who'd like it.”
“And getting it published?”
“Are you kidding me? I know tons of writers who'd pass this on to their publishers. It's not about how good something is, it's about who you know.”
“Really?”
“Matthew, how have you done anything in your life? Have you gotten where you are based on your skill level or who you know?”
“Well...”
“Thank you. It's always about who you know. That's why art is dead.”
“Stop saying that.”
“Do you think that book everybody's reading now is good?”
“Which one?”
“The one about the werewolf that tries to pass off as human.”
“I haven't read it, but I've heard mixed things.”
“It's crap. Trust me, it's crap. But people buy it because it's popular and talk show hosts everywhere are endorsing it. That's all you need nowadays. Connections.”
“Fine.” He surrendered. “But how is he going to write a book?”
“I dissolved some adderall in his coffee. He'll write more than he's ever written before.” She smiled. 
“What?”
“It's harmless. And there's not an artist in the world that doesn't use some mind altering substance to work. At least I didn't inject him with cocaine.”
“You, too?”
“I'm a sellout. Remember?”
 He forced a smile.
#
 Steven sat at the desk for about twenty minutes, then, got up to study the books on the wall-wrapping bookshelves. He fingered spines, pulling some out occasionally. He admired the works of the library, Nabakov, Hemingway, Dostoevsky, Joyce. He searched for inspiration, but found none, so he returned to his chair. He ran his fingers over the keys and tried to remember how he used to do this. He couldn't see anybody reading about his mediocre life, so he quickly nixed that idea.
 He thought about writing something along the lines of what Lucy recommended, but he did agree with Mathew, that was a bad idea. So he stared out the window and looked at Chicago. It was big. A lot bigger than anywhere he'd lived before. He saw building after building and looked down at lines of cars and people in every direction.
 He recalled their drive here, through the Southwestern desert, the rolling plains of Oklahoma and the lush green landscape of Illinois. This isn't how we were created to live, but we molded the earth into the way we wanted to have it. We took command of animals and plants, all in the name of making life for humanity simpler, easier. Steven looked up at the sky. He couldn't see the sky. Gray smoke wasn't in the way, he just couldn't look up, because the buildings all around him blocked it. So he had a nice view of smoggy buildings.
 He remembered Ohio and the decaying American rust belt. He thought of grim Los Angeles. He'd been just about everywhere, and there wasn't a place anywhere that filled him with hope or dreams. It was all in decline. And people didn't seem to mind that. They were happy trying to accumulate their wealth and build themselves up. But what they were really doing was raising their lifestyle with each increase in pay. So they were always in some form of debt, but they had nicer things. And this is what made them happy.
 Steven was writing, he hadn't noticed but he had been anyway. His fingers traipsed across the keyboard, striking each with anger and intensity.
 Here he was in a lavish penthouse in Chicago, tearing apart the very country he grew up in. He knew nothing more, but he hated it with each breath, each polluted breath he took, he knew was killing him. Each breath meant inhaling cigarette smoke and car pollution, each bite of food meant processed chemicals. He died at a faster rate than somebody in the less polluted country of Andorra. This alarmed him. How could he extend his stay on the planet while amassing his wealth?
 Steven was no different than anybody else. But he thought he was. Maybe that's what happens when somebody becomes self-aware of their selfishness and greediness. Regrettably for Steven, being self-aware of your actions is what causes the self-loathing and hatred. But he continued mashing keys. It was inspiration, his disdain for the American way of life.
 The American Dream had died along with art. Sure, people came in the hopes of a better life, but what they really wanted was an expensive phone and an expensive car, a house in the suburbs. He didn't want any of this, so he decided this was enough of a basis to excuse himself from this wretched group of mindless spenders. This made him feel better about himself, which then led to a false sense of superiority, meaning he was able to lash out more against the very people that would be reading his book. This only intensified his language and was the direct cause of a hideous smile.
 The American Dream didn't exist for Americans. It was never intended to. It was for immigrants coming to America to make a better life for themselves and their families, so when did it end? Did it end when they had become rich or when their children became rich, or did it end when America became populated with Americans rather than immigrants? And why was it only about making money? Where did happiness fit in?
 Questions raced through his mind about the American Dream. But he was too focused on writing to consult Wikipedia. So he kept struggling to recall what his eleventh grade teacher had to say about the American Dream. Then he remembered that she only showed up to school half the time, and when she did she was drunk. He didn't understand why she continued to teach there if she was drunk all the time. Public schooling.
 Then he started to tear into the public school system and the inconsistency of education standards across states. Then he realized he knew nothing about this and only read the headline in the New York Times one day while in a doctor's office. So, he returned back to the American Dream.
 America was a greedy place, filled with greedy people. Everything had blown into a consumer's society full of advertisements. Why did he hate this so much? But then why are there so many people that don't seem to mind everything. He remembered most people are happy with chains of stores across the country, the same clothing store, grocery stores, and gas stations. It must be him with the problem, if the rest of his country didn't mind it.
 His mind was racing and he couldn't control it. His fingers never stopped pressing keys, even as his thoughts drifted from one idea to the next. He wasn't entirely sure what mangled mess was making its way onto the screen. That's what editors are for he decided. He was too busy typing to stop to reread anything now.
 American Dream. His focus increased finally. He fought off a desire to look out the window; he could only look at the computer screen.
 He didn't understand his countryman's obsession with more. He lived the past ten years of his life in the same apartment, driving the same car. He even had the exact same possessions. He only bought new things when he absolutely needed it. He didn't understand why people always wanted more and better things. He didn't understand the obsessions with celebrities and sex. It bothered him. But that was off topic. Everything irritated him.
 He looked outside and looked around the room. Inside there was a beautiful penthouse and everybody outside wanted to live in this penthouse. Everybody outside was working with this as their endgame goal. And he didn't understand it. Sure, each sculpture or painting was probably worth more than Steven got paid in three years at his old job, but he didn't understand why somebody would just fill their home with it and never be there to enjoy it. It was all status, but it was over the head of Steven, whose mind was working too quickly for anything to make proper sense to him.
 His false sense of superiority faded and he realized he was no better than any other American. He was writing to get rich and to get famous. He shook his head and realized that he was just like anybody else, he was fighting to come out on top, to be better than the rest. He wanted the American Dream to be real. People left their homes to come and fight for it, but it wasn't something that was handed out as they walked ashore, they had to earn their piece of fortune. It was what the American Dream was about. And it continues forever. He was still living it, even though all his great-grandparents had been born in America. A hundred years later and he was still fighting for his piece. It never ends. He was fighting for the American Dream, at least his American Dream.
 And he decided that Dream was such a horrible word for it. To Steven, a dream implies something you hope for, you dream when you sleep. No, he preferred the word goal or objective. But the American Objective sounded horrible. Steven had dreams when he was little. He wanted to be a railroad conductor when he was a child. But dreams die, according to him and most people he knew. He couldn't think of one person who ended up doing what they dreamt of doing. It was all compromise after compromise until he found himself where he was. It wasn't some grand design of any kind, it was just concession after concession until he ended up where he was. After all, America was built upon a compromise.
 But, he did have a reset button. He wondered if everybody had that one chance to try everything differently like he did or if he was an anomaly. Still, he had a second chance. Or maybe it was his first chance. No, giving up on himself and sulking counted as his first chance. So he had a second chance. Maybe that's what America is for... second chances.
 And his hate dissolved into appreciation. He appreciated the opportunity that fell to him. People did have ways to start over and fix things. Steven did. He was the most stereotypically plain person he could think of. Everybody else tended to agree whenever it came up in conversation, so he knew it was true. If he had the chance to try everything over again, then surely fate must be kind to everybody else. Whether they seize said opportunity or not is up to them. Fortunately, he was in such a place to say yes to anything that came his way and leave everything up for the gods to decide. And he was genuinely happy with where he had ended up.
 Steven had unknowingly relived his entire life ideological evolution in less than one day. It was stressful and tiring.
 He started to lose focus and looked at the time. It was 5:28. He spent the entire day writing. He checked his word count. He had written almost 5,000 words. He was impressed. He walked out to the kitchen to discover Mathew cooking.
“What're you making?”
“Halibut. You like fish?”
“I can't remember the last time I had fresh fish.”
“It's not fresh. But you wanna help anyway?”
“Yeah.” And he went to wash his hands.
#
“How's your book coming?” Lucy asked after taking a bite of fish.
“I wrote 5,000 words today actually.”
 Lucy looked at Mathew, who returned her smile.
“Great. What is it?”
“A satire, I guess.”
“Everything's a satire now.”
“Yeah.”
“Any plot? Characters?” Mat was curious, too.
“It's about consumerism.”
“Nice.” Lucy said. “Fish or trees?”
“I was thinking monkeys.”
“Monkeys are too overdone.” Mat pointed out. “Do something nobody's ever done before...Hornets.”
“Nobody likes hornets,” Lucy argued.
“That's the point, right?”
 She mulled it over. “He's got a point. Hornets.”
“Yeah. You got all the paint stuff you needed?” Steven asked. It was a stupid question because she was wearing an apron covered in paint. There was even paint in her hair. It's a lie, that phrase: there's no such thing as a stupid question.
“Yeah. Painting on a huge canvas right now. It's gonna be epic. I can tell.”
#
 And that's how their lives would go on for the next three months. Steven wrote. Lucy painted. And Mathew...slummed mostly. And he cooked bad fish.


CHAPTER NINE

“How about you take a break from writing and see a show with me?” Mathew suggested to Steven. It was a Saturday.   At least Steven was pretty sure it was a Saturday. They hadn't been following schedules of calendars, really. The life of an artist, scheduleless, had actually been quite pleasing for Steven. At least he assumed it was the life of an artist. He did his best to replicate whatever Lucy was doing, who basically locked herself up in a room he had never been in, and painted all day until they called her for dinner. Sometimes he saw her at lunch and sometimes she skipped that meal all-together.
“Yeah, okay. Why not? I've got about 40,000 words already.”
 Lucy was just starting to make the coffee, so she hadn't slipped anything into Steven's cup yet.
“Perfect. There's one at 2:00, we can go get tickets after breakfast.”
“You wanna come, Luce?” Steven asked.
“I can't. I still have to finish five more pieces before next week. Remember the gallery I was telling y'all about?”
 Steven looked at Mat, who seemed to be about as clueless as he was.
“I told you two weeks ago, my friend Garret in New York talked this guy Renaldo, who wanted me to display in....never mind. All you need to know is gallery. Next Friday. Wear something nice, please.”
“Yeah, of course.”
“Here.” She took out a card from her wallet, which was lying on the counter, and handed it to Steven. “Go get yourselves something to wear while y'all are out. I know the nicest shirt you have has some indistinguishable stain or stains on it.”
“Thanks.”
“You're doing me a favor by looking nice.” She smiled and poured the coffee.
#
“This is nice, right?”
“Yeah. I've never been to Chicago before. Didn't think it'd be this hot.” It was still summer, but people were still out wandering about the city.
“Show was good, too.”
“Yeah.”
 They were surrounded by skyscrapers, so there was little ventilation throughout the city. They walked in the direction of their current residence, but were in no hurry to return. It was nice for Steven to get out, Mat did leave occasionally for some air, but Steven stayed inside all day, writing.
“I was thinking. Why didn't you write about our trip?”
“I don't know...I don't think I'm that interesting.”
“But the pain you went through. That's what people love.”
“What do you mean?”
“People want to hear about other people's misfortune so they feel better about themselves.”
“You think?”
“Of course. Turn the television on at any point during the day. You missed out on that, but I've seen it. All the shows are about pain and betrayal. It's relatable. Sort of.”
 Steven nodded.
“Just don't forget your pain. All writers are troubled or something.” He smiled.
 Steven thought about that statement.
 As they were walking, Steven was looking at the building to the left of them. The windows were clear, so he could see the reflections of the people walking across the street. A plum colored shirt caught his eye, so he turned and saw the woman. He didn't stop walking, so he could follow her.
“Mat. That doppelganger thing. What was it?”
“A vardøger.” He laughed.
“Did you ever find out what it was?”
“It was like a future me. It's like a ghost that does what you do before you do it. The guy said I was just standing on the side of the road, then we had a flat, and I stood on the side of the road. Weird, right? That he predicted that.”
“Yeah.”
 Steven couldn't stop watching the woman. He wanted to pass her so he could see her face. He picked up their pace a bit. Mat noticed, but continued. 
 She was a hard person to forget. Her bright blonde hair, plum shirt, and pale, pink skirt. But he still couldn't see her face.
“Steven. What's wrong?”
“I know her. I've seen her before.”
“Who?”
 He nodded his head in the direction of the woman in the plum shirt.
“Where have you seen her?”
“In the desert. Right after you were all freaked out about the doppelganger.”
“Bull.”
 She broke out into a run. Steven had been made, so she instinctively sprinted. Steven chased. It was only natural. Mathew, confused, chased also. Every few seconds, she would look back. Terror came through her face, perfectly understood by Steven, who couldn't help but feel like he was doing what he was supposed to do.
 All of a sudden she stopped running, and so did Steven. Mat bumped into him. Then she turned behind her to look at Steven. Her face was just as featureless as he remembered. He didn't know why he remembered this instance so well, but it was exactly as he remembered it. She obviously recognized him too but somehow understood what had happened.
 Mat stated the evident. “She recognizes you, too.”
 She opened her mouth to say something almost, but she choked. She grabbed her throat with her left arm. Her head fell forward and she clutched at her chest with her right. Then she collapsed on herself. People walking around her continued to walk. Two or three people fell to the ground with her and propped her head up and tried to help her.
 Steven darted across the street to see her. Mat followed. Somebody standing close to her was on the phone already. Steven fought through the growing crowd to see her face.
“I know her! Let me through!” Steven shouted at the bystanders.
 He looked at her face and knelt down next to her. She maintained eye contact with him. Her eyes were a light gray and were full of tears, which were starting to fall down her face. Her pale skin was paler than he remembered, and he was too far away to notice soft freckles providing the only remaining color.
“Who are you?” he whispered.
“I've been waiting for you,” she said, smiling.
“What?”
“My guardian angel,” she said. “I've been waiting for you.” She reached out her hand to take his.
 Steven looked behind him and saw Mathew standing there. He was just as confused as he was. The crowd that had gathered didn't hear enough to decipher what was going on. Had they, they certainly would have thought these were street actors.
“No. I saw you in the desert over a month ago.”
 She smiled. It seemed like it was the only thing she could do. She was dying and she knew it, so she took comfort in smiling.
“What's your name?” Steven felt compelled to ask. He couldn't ask any other question. He wanted to, obviously. He wanted to ask who she was or why he had seen her, but no, he asked her name.
“Faith.”
“Faith,” he repeated. “Why did I come here?”
 She wasn't listening, she was just smiling and looking at him. She closed her eyes as she moved into Steven's arms. “I'm ready.” She let out one last sigh and then she died, almost expecting Steven to take her to the afterlife.
 It was a powerful moment for Steven. He didn't expect this when he woke up. Understatement of the year, right there. Sirens were heard in the background. Paramedics arrived two minutes too late. They rushed out of the ambulance only to discover they didn't make it in time, but they didn't appear too disappointed. It seems that this happens all the time. Somberly, they took the body out of Steven's arms and gently placed it on a stretcher. Her body was covered with a white sheet; her plum shirt was so vibrant that he could still see its color even under the sheet. He knelt sat on the sidewalk, moved. People patted him on the shoulder as they walked away, heads hung low as if they were walking in a funeral procession line.
 He stayed on his knees on the sidewalk. He didn't seem to mind the remnants of gum and cigarette butts. He didn't even care that people were spitting close to him. Paramedics had finally put her in the ambulance when one came up to him. Now it was only Steven, Mathew and an obese woman.
“Are you an angel?” the obese woman asked.
“No.”
“She thought you were.”
“I'm not an angel.”	
 She smiled and winked. “Sure you aren't.” And she walked away.
“Did you know this girl?”
“No,” Steven said without looking at him. He just continued to stare at the cement. “I just met her.”
 He touched Steven's shoulder. “I'm sorry.” He climbed into the ambulance and it drove off.
 They started to walk back to the penthouse.
“Okay. I know this is probably difficult, but I want you to explain what just happened.”
 Steven stopped walking. He looked for his phone, but he didn't have it on him.
“What's wrong?”
“What time is it?”
 Mathew pulled out his phone. “5:47. Why?”
“Jesus.” He remembered after seeing her in the desert, he looked at the clock. He wasn't sure why he looked at the clock, it wasn't something he usually did. He usually avoided looking at clocks; they always reminded him of how slowly time passed.
“Okay. You're really freaking me out. Can you explain now? You look like you need a drink.”
“Yeah. I need a drink.”
 So the two ducked into a bar on the same block as their building.
“Lucy's gonna be pissed there's no dinner.”
 Steven gave Mathew a look.
“Just saying...”
 Steven explained everything that had happened, what he had seen in the desert. Still, Mathew was unconvinced.
“You're sure?”
“Yes, I'm sure. How can I forget something that weirded me out like that.”	
“I guess...”
“You don't believe me? You thought you were going to die because of the rambling of a crazy old man.”
“And it turned out to be a vardøger,” he corrected.
“And who told you that?” Steven asked, knowing the answer was just as farfetched.
“...the old woman in the hotel.”
“Don't you believe in all that paranormal crap?”
“Doppelgangers have been reported throughout the centuries, Steven. Documented and everything.”	
“So have Yettis and UFOs.”
“And they exist, too.”
“But you still don't believe me?”
 He looked into his eyes, searching for something he hadn't been told. “And you'd never seen her before the desert?”
“Never.”
“Did you see the way she looked at you?”
“I had her in my arms.” He was starting to get sassy. “Of course I did.”
 He finished his beer. “World's a weird and creepy place then. I believe you.” He patted him on the back. “If you see me in some window, don't let me ever wear what you saw me in.”
 Steven looked at him, but didn't smile back.
“Too soon?”
 Steven nodded.
#
 They got back a little before 7. Lucy hadn't come out for dinner yet. Steven and her operated apart from clocks and watches and had started to rely on Mathew to know the time. He usually was in the kitchen at 11:30 and 5. Steven came out of the office a little after Mathew gets in the kitchen. The two would cook and chat. It was Steven's favorite part of the day. He had forgotten how important friends are, and Mathew was a great one.
 They cooked elaborate meals together, often experimenting with different flavors and combinations. Sometimes they were immaculate and sometimes they tasted like rotten meat. But that was just the one time they accidentally used rotten meat. This extra creativity was brought upon by Steven's newly found love for writing.
 He'd been forced to write here, just as he forced himself to write almost twenty years ago. And this time, just like last time, he'd grown quite a fancy for it. He spent all day writing, or trying to write creatively, and when he prepared dinner, he could unleash himself again in the kitchen. He compared it to practicing the piano for a recital or masturbation for sex.
 Only he wasn't sure which he liked more, cooking or writing. He attributed his love for cooking to Mathew. While he was in Ohio, he never cooked anything that didn't come in a box. Hamburger Helper was the closest he came and only because he had to buy the meat separately. Mathew was gifted in the kitchen. He learned a lot from him, such as the kinds of flavors that complement each other, which wines should be served with what dish and the different textures of meats. It all fascinated Steven. But everything fascinated him, he liked to learn.
 He spent hours watching the History Channel or the Discovery Channel, even watching programs he'd seen before. He sometimes forgot what he learned and had to re-watch them to learn them again or he'd pick up new things he hadn't noticed because he was too busy processing previous information.
“Do you want to cook?” Mathew asked.
 Steven, still visibly disturbed, thought about it. “Well, it is relaxing...”
“We forgot to buy meat.” Mathew had formed a habit of only buying meat for meals the same day. He insisted that it tasted better when you did it that way. It was hotly debated one night, and since he had the most cooking experience – he mentioned several times being forced to partake in culinary classes when he was thirteen – he won the debate.
“We can order some take away food?” Mathew suggested. He pulled out his phone and called for some pizzas.	
#	
 The three were hungrier than they expected and finished the first pie at an alarming speed. If it were a race, they would have beaten a table full of Overeaters Anonymous plus that one guy who wins the hot dog eating contest every year.
“How's painting coming?” Mathew asked.
“Great. Today was really good. I'm doing like three at one time. Finish a lot faster that way.”
“Do you care what it looks like?”
“It's abstract. It's beautiful as long as it has my name on it.” She smiled and almost scoffed at her own sentence. “Horrible way to live. Even if what I paint now is shit, because my name is starting to become so well-known, it's brilliant whatever I do.”
“Yeah...horrible way to live.” Mathew rolled his eyes. “People kiss your ass no matter what you do or say.”	
“It's not like that. I still have to schmooze with people. So it's not like I can get away with everything...yet. Now, when somebody gets really famous, then they can. I'm planning on being the crazed, eccentric type. Birds nest in my hair. That sort.” She smiled, grabbing another slice of pizza.
“Nice...”
“How was the show? You guys find some clothes?”
“Yep, yep. Got some great clothes. Suits. Top hats. Canes and pocket watches. That sort of thing.”
“You're kidding.”
“Wish I was. And also wish we could find some top hats. But the rest, we got.”
“We'll discuss that later...And the show?”
“Inspirational.”
“Glad you guys had a nice day. It looked nice outside. Anything else noteworthy?”
 Mathew looked at Steven, who hadn't really said anything.
“Girl just died in his arms tonight.” Another reference to an 80's pop ballad. Funny how those things seemed to dictate Steven's life.
“Steven?”
“Yeah. On the sidewalk of Michigan just south of the river.”
“Oh my God! What happened?”
 Steven told her the story about how he saw the girl in the plum shirt in the reflection. He told almost the entire story then realized he forgot to tell her about the desert. So he started from the beginning, over a month ago. When he finished with the backstory, he launched back into the story he had already started telling. He finished and threw his hands in his hair, rubbing his head looking for some significance to any of this. Regrettably, his hands were covered in pizza grease. So he took them out and wiped both his hands and recently buzzed head with a napkin.
“It's beautiful.”
“What?” He wasn't sure what she meant.
“It's a beautiful story.”
“She died.”
“But she died peacefully. Isn't that how you'd want to go, how you always imagined you would die?”
 He thought about it. She was making sense...in that sense. But still, he watched somebody die today. It was something he had never done before. He watched kids kill ants with magnifying glasses when he was little, but aside from that, that's the closest to death he'd been. All his grandparents were alive...he thought that was still true. And...Maximilian. He forgot he watched his dog die. Well, the little bastard had it coming. So immediately, after remembering that he saw the death of his dog, he relaxed about seeing a human die.
“Steven. Somehow, she knew you, too. Whether she saw you like you saw her, she knew you were coming and whether she understood what your appearance meant, she was expecting you. Who knows, she might have been more freaked out about it than you were. It seemed like it was a calming thing for her to see you. And from what you said, you made her feel comfortable.”
“But don't you want to know what it was I saw in the desert?”
“No. But you do.”
“Well, yeah.”
“Go see a psychic if it's bothering you that much. Or Google it. God knows you can find anything there.” Beat. “But really, nobody really knows anything about this world. Weird stuff like this happens. Just be grateful that you made her last moments here peaceful. And I think that everything happens for a reason, you just can't see it yet. That's really all you can take away from this right now, right?”
“I guess you're right.”
“Of course I'm right,” she said smugly. “Oh God...I'm starting to sound like Matt.”
 He glared at her.
“I made a pie today. Want some?” She asked to the surprise of the other two.
“You made a pie?” Mathew asked, half unsure and half concerned.
“I...er...went out and bought a pie that somebody made.”
“Go get it.”
 And the pie was delicious.
#
 It was Tuesday, or at least the presumed Tuesday in Steven's world. He thought he should really look at a calendar at some point during the day. It never occurred to him to look at the front page of the newspaper he had been reading every day since that Sunday. Buying a paper on a Sunday should have been a dead giveaway, but he remained baffled by the days of the week.
 He turned to the obituaries, as he had been doing, and looked for a girl named Faith. Today, he found her. Faith Lawrence. There was a picture, and he immediately recognized the face. He couldn't stop thinking about her face. He dreamt and it followed him, he woke up and he saw her face in mirrors. He wasn't scared, he knew this time, without a doubt in his mind that his time it was only in his head. The article was completed fairly quickly. Born 1982. Indiana. Family. Father. Brother. Sister. Funeral. That's what he was looking for. The funeral was Thursday.
 He stood up to go look for a calendar and found one hanging on the side of the refrigerator. It was Tuesday he decided. What was amazing was that his internal clock had kept such good synch with the days. But how hard should it be to keep track of days?
“You're up early again,” Mathew said, entering the kitchen in his flannel-patterned bathrobe. It wasn't really flannel, it was a cotton-polyester blend meant to look like flannel.
“Yeah...”
“Trouble sleeping again?”
“Yep.” He closed the newspaper. “Her funeral's on Thursday.”
“You gonna go?”
“You think I should?”
 He placed his hands on the counter and bit his lower lip. “Yeah. Actually, I think it'd probably help you sleep at night.”
 He nodded.
“You want me to go with you?”
“You wanna?”
“Sure. It's either that or watch Jeopardy again.” He thought about that. “But that Selma has been the winner for over a week.” He remembered this and then seriously considered retracting his offer. “She'll probably win again. I'll go.”
“Thanks.”
“Sure thing. What's her name?”
“Faith Michelle Lawrence.”
“Pretty name.” He said opening the refrigerator. “How do you want your eggs today?”
“Scrambled.”
 He cracked the eggs, mixing them in the pan.
#
“You sure this is a good idea?” Lucy asked, still in her pajamas.
“Why not,” Steven said. He was already in his new suit.
 Despite it being past 10 o'clock, Lucy hadn't started painting yet. “I don't know. I just don't know if that's what I would do.”
“I can't get over it, Luce.”
“Yeah. I know.”
“Go paint. Your gallery thing is tomorrow.”
“I was going to anyway.” But she still stood there across from Steven. He was waiting for Mathew to come out of his room.
“You almost finished with them?”
“I finished yesterday. Today I'm just trying to see if I can finish one more. They said to have ten pieces. And I have ten, but I like the number eleven more, so I'm trying to finish this one before tomorrow.”
 Mathew emerged from his room, in a black suit. It wasn't the suit he bought last week, it was one he found in his dad's closet. He figured it was a suit of his father's when he was younger, before he filled out. It fit him loosely enough that if you got too close, you would know that it wasn't his suit.
“Ready?” He asked as he was adjusting his cuffs.
“Yeah. Good luck with that number eleven.”
“Thanks,” She said as she wandered to the back room.
 They hailed a cab and made their way to the cemetery.
“Last chance to back out.”
“I've gotta do this. It just feels natural.”
 Mathew patted Steven on the knee.
#
 People were gathering. The service was small, about twenty people stood around her grave. It appeared that most of them were family because Mathew and Steven were on the receiving end of looks. They weren't dirty looks, they were looks from people who were only curious.
 A minister proceeded over the service. It was a quick service with all the usual Bible verses and Heaven references. Some people cried while others stood there like stone with glazed looks on their faces. The casket was lowered into the ground and everybody dropped flowers in shortly after it was completely submerged. People slowly said their goodbyes and drifted away.
 Steven wasn't sure if he should leave right away or not, so he decided to leave somewhere in the middle. Mathew glanced at him several times.
“Were you a friend of my daughters?”
 Steven turned to see an older man with white hair standing next to him. He was tall and well-built with a full head of thick, white hair. Just like every man at the funeral besides Steven, he wore a black suit and white shirt and black tie. Steven's suit was a charcoal; it was the only suit he had and he felt slightly guilty wearing it.
“No...I...” He was having trouble explaining himself. “I was there...when she...passed.”
“Oh.” He choked up. “I see. They told me about you.” He smiled, gratefully. “She told me about you.” A tear rolled down his face.
“I'm really sorry for your loss.” He decided he must have misheard. Then Steven looked at Mathew, but he was looking down.
“Did she say anything?”
“I'm sorry?”
“Before she left, did she say anything?”
 Steven remembered the conversation perfectly. “She said, 'I'm ready.'”
 Her father began to cry, his face in his left hand and his right arm supporting his left. Steven placed his hand on his shoulder, trying to console him. “She was taken too soon.”
 Steven didn't say anything. He'd never been in a situation like this before.
“She was a dreamer, you know.” He looked up at Steven. “She wanted to help people. She was in medical school. She wanted to go join Doctors Without Borders.” He stopped crying and started smiling, remembering his daughter. “I told her I didn't want her to. I thought it was too dangerous, but she insisted.” He struggled to put all his verbs in the past tense. “She just wanted to help one person.”
“I'm sure she did. The coroner's still doesn't know why she died. They said she just collapsed. Is that true?”
“She just fell. And she reached out her hand for mine. And I held it. And I held her head in my other hand.”
 Her father was trying to keep his composure. He put his hand in his pocket and produced a necklace. “I want you to have this.” He opened Steven's hand and placed it inside, closing his hand. “It's Saint Thomas Aquinas. He's the, uh, patron saint of students. She said she was always a student of humanity. I want you to have it.”
“I don't know...”
“It's a gift, for making my daughter's last moments here comfortable.” He then removed a small notepad from his inside breast pocket. After shoving it into his hands, he couldn't bare stand there any longer. “Thank you.”
“Thank you.”
 Mathew stood beside him and they both watched the man walk away, head hung low. “It was probably best you didn't say anything.”
“Yeah, I know.”
“Feel better?”
 He looked down at the hole in the ground then he looked at the necklace with the relief of the saint's face. “Yeah, I do.” Instead of putting the necklace in his pocket, he put it around his neck. It felt like the right thing to do.
 The notepad remained clutched in his hand, full of sketches of his Steven.
#
“How was it?”
“It was a small service. It was nice.” He had never been to a funeral, so he didn't know how he was supposed to describe them.
 They were eating veal and scalloped potatoes.
“Hopefully, you made peace with everything.”
“It's weird how somebody I don't know could have that much of an effect on me. That's not normal, right?”
“Sometimes, it's those little things that make the biggest differences in our lives.”
“You should write a book or something and fill it up with lines like that,” Mathew suggested. “You'd make an excellent philosopher.”
“Thanks.” She blushed, not used to receiving compliments from him. It also caught her off-guard, leaving her usually snarky self silent.
#	
 Steven sat in front of the computer, trying to write. He looked at the newspaper clipping of Faith. He didn't know why he cut it out, but he cut it out and looked to it for some form of inspiration. He felt the necklace around his neck and he closed his eyes. Her face still remained tattooed to the back of his eyelids.
 Still, the notepad full of his sketches sat next to him. Every page contained sketches of Steven's face, she had seen his face. It was as if she had been anticipating his arrival. But he did his best to push this from his mind.
 He heard noises from outside the door, so he got up to investigate. There were two men carrying canvases.
“Sorry about the noise. They're just setting them up for tonight. No thieves,” Lucy assured him. “Although, I don't know about that one.”
 It was almost lunch time, so he went into the kitchen to make a sandwich. Mathew joined him when he was about halfway through with his turkey sandwich.
“You know...I was looking up Thomas Aquinas. He said that reason and faith lead to truth.”
 Steven listened.
“Faith...coincidence?...Anyway, also said that he believed that God moved man to act. So God's up there controlling all this.”
“I thought you didn't believe in God.”
“Ah! I said he may or may not exist. Agnostic. Don't think we can ever know the truth...But that's why there's faith.”
“Funny,” he said, not laughing.
“I think I might actually have started to buy into this 'everything happens for a reason'-thing that everybody keeps hyping.”
“You saying that because Lucy says that?”
“Hey. She has provided several good arguments for that. Just don't obsess about it. Remember how annoying I was a month ago?”
 He smiled. “You pissed us both off.”
“See.” He smiled and changed the subject. “You ever been to a gallery opening?”
“This'll be my first.”
“Tip number one. Just stare at every piece for a while. If you don't know what it's about, there's always a guy in glasses ripping it apart to the girl he's trying to impress.”
 Mathew tried to cheer Steven up. Or he was trying to terrify him for that night. Steven hadn't decided.
“Number two. If somebody tries to talk to you about a piece, just squint your eyes and shake your head. But don't say anything. I'm serious. It's like a death sentence. It always leads to some discussion you don't want to be part of.”
 And lunch continued with Mathew offering up his words of wisdom to Steven, who wasn't nervous about the gallery, but was growing more and more anxious.
#
“Don't embarrass me,” Lucy said, pointing at both of them.
“Why didn't they send you a limo?” Mathew asked, looking at the line of them.
 She shrugged off the question. “Don't talk to people unless they talk to you first. Okay?”
 The two reluctantly agreed to each of her terms. They got out of the taxi and walked inside. It was a large, open room when they walked in. Steven was surprised by how spacious it was. He pictured a smaller entry way and then a large room, but the large room the first thing he walked into. It was two stories tall, with a large balcony overlooking the ground floor towards the middle of the building. Towards the back, there were paintings everywhere on both floors. He didn't expect quite that many paintings.
“Walk around. My stuff is on the bottom floor, kind of in the middle on the right side. I'll probably be around there.” She started to walk away. “And if you get into trouble, you don't know me. Okay?”
“Okay,” Mathew said. When she was out of earshot, he looked at Steven. “It's like she's only talking to me or something.
“You want to wander around?”
“Yeah. It's impossible to look at art with people if you're not in a hurry. I'll just meet you over by Lucy in like...an hour?”
“Okay. How long do these things last?”
“Hours. There'll be a toast or speech or something in about an hour and a half or so. So we should be over by her when it starts.”
“Sounds good.” Steven said and started to walk away.
“Oh. Most important advice. Didn't tell you earlier so you'd have a nice surprise when you got here.”
“What's that?” he asked as he walked back towards Mathew, who motioned him closer.
“There's always an open bar in the back.” He smiled, patted him and immediately walked towards the back.
 Steven wandered through the gallery, stopping to look at pieces. He didn't understand the art he saw. Lines streaked across in random directions, spots of varying sizes and colors vied for your attention. To Steven, Van Gogh was art, even Picasso was art, but these dots and shapes that didn't make anything, that was not art. He kept his mouth shut and continued the scenic trip to the back.
 He got tired of the art, so he looked at the walls. Even the temporary walls in the center were a crisp white, which he liked very much. The ceilings hung low overhead as he got towards the back, probably less than eight feet tall. Soft round lights scattered the ceiling in a random arrangement. But that only satisfied his interest for about two minutes. His pace to the bar quickened, thinking that if he had a couple drinks in him, perhaps the art would seem livelier.
 He reached the bar and asked for whiskey. He hadn't had whiskey in a long time, so he thought this was as good a time as any to drink it. He stood by the bar and tried to make small talk with the bartender, who was only interested in namedropping himself and his friends as artists. The bartender must have thought that Steven was an artist. He downed the whiskey and asked for another.
 He nursed this one and looked out at the gallery floor. There were dozens of people walking in a sort of choreographed dance from piece to piece, stopping for the slightest moment before trading it on for another piece. The average viewer didn't stop to look for meaning in each piece, because most likely, there probably wasn't a definite meaning. So the viewer continued looking until he had examined every piece.
 Steven was bored. He wasn't sure if he could do this for another three hours or however long it would take.
“Bored, too?” a woman's voice asked him. Steven hadn't initially noticed; he had been staring off to his left, lost in his own creation of a fictional dialogue between an older artist and a young, impressionable girl standing in front of his painting.
 Steven turned to look at her. “Is it that obvious?” He smiled. She was shorter than him, barely. Her brown hair was pinned back, complimenting the black halter dress she was wearing. She wore a necklace with a large metal pendant with a black chain. It was the first thing he noticed. He felt embarrassed because it must have looked like he was staring at her chest.
“Been here long?” She asked. She had a Southern accent, but he was raised too far north to be able to differentiate between the different variations.
“Oh...” He looked at his watch. “About forty minutes and I'm already bored.” He smiled at her. He hadn't flirted with a woman in quite some time, but he was instantly attracted to her, so he tried anyway.
“Two hours.”
“I didn't know it was open two hours ago.”
“It wasn't.”
 Steven tilted his head in his confusion.
“My friend has paintings here, so I was here to help her set them up.”
“Oh...Which one is your friend's section?” Steven asked, trying to continue the conversation.
“It doesn't matter. You've seen one of these, you've seen them all. Right?” She bit on her tiny straw.
“Exactly.” Beat. “Your accent...where are you from?”
“Texas.”
“I like it.”
 That made her blush. “Thank you.”
“So do you come to these things often?” It came out just as badly as Steven had feared.
“Percentage-wise? No. But I feel like I've been to too many.” She finished her glass and ordered another one. “You?”
“This is my first.”
“Oh...well, should I show you around?”
“I think I like the view from here better.”
 She smiled. “Quick learner. Always my favorite spot.”
 Just then, Mathew appeared. He stood on the other side of his new friend, using the table as his support. “Lemme get another one.” The bartender rolled his eyes and mixed him a martini. “Hey, Steven. Having fun yet?”
 He looked at his new acquaintance. “Something like that.”
“I'm glad you found the bar. I'll see you over by Lucy in a bit?” He stood up straight, pushing himself away from the table.
“Yeah. How many have you had?”
“Six.” He said taking his seventh. “See ya in a bit.” And he staggered off.
“He your friend?”
“Yep...”
“He seems nice.”
“He's a good guy.”
 They both looked at each other and couldn't help but smile. The attraction was mutual. Steven desperately tried to bring some game in that moment, despite any other lingering thoughts. He had recently buzzed his hair, which seemed to reduce the amount of gray in his hair. It also made his receding hairline look more natural; there was less hair to emphasize that. So he felt a little more confident in his appearance.
“Let's walk around.”
 He didn't respond, just grinned and they walked off in no direction in particular. They passed paintings, but neither paid much attention. He was looking at her large brown eyes and small nose. He liked how her lips reflected the lights from above. Her earrings did the same thing, but they weren't as sensual as her lips. She was darker than Steven, he wasn't sure about her ethnicity. He assumed it was Hispanic in origin, being from Texas and all. His assumptions were improving.
“Those are my friend's paintings.” She nodded in the direction of three or four paintings on a wall.
“Nice.” It was the only thing Steven could immediately think to say without accidentally sounding rude.
 She laughed under her breath and they continued on their stroll. They walked and talked about where they went to school, family, and their basic life philosophies. The usual first date questions.
 They stopped walking and looked at each other. They gazed into each other's eyes, smiling. It was the stupid kind of smile that two people share when they can't help but only look at each other.
 A knife tapped on a glass and tapping started on a microphone, testing it.
“You better get back to your friends.”
“I'm over in that general area.” He swept both arms in large circular motions indicating he had no idea exactly where it was.
“I'll find you, then.”
“Please.”
 Steven took several steps backward while she stood there. He turned around and started walking forwards because he could do that faster and safer. He smiled and walked with his hands in his pockets towards the middle-right of the room. Lucy and Mathew were found standing next to each other. Lucy looked relaxed and had on some sort of air of sophistication. He couldn't quite place his finger on it, but she looked especially smart tonight. Mathew had a bit of a sway to his stance. And then he realized why Lucy looked so smart. She was standing next to him.
“What do you think?” she asked Steven. They both seemed to be ignoring whoever was toasting who. He looked at her paintings. Eleven.
“You finished?”
“Barely,” she said, smiling.
 Steven felt it was quite redundant to notice every time Lucy smiled. She was probably the happiest person he knew. That wasn't right, it didn't mean she was happy. It was just that she smiled all the time and had a carefree attitude that he envied. She was willing to accept whatever happened without any complaint and she genuinely tried to make the best of any situation. It could possibly be attributed to her belief in fate. Since she thought everything was out of her control, then there was nothing to do but allow things to happen. So all this left him with a free spirit who always had a smile on her face. She generally always had that one mood, so Steven wasn't sure if she was happy all the time or content. He wanted to see other emotions, but he was worried the only ones he could successfully evoke were emotions he didn't want to see.
“I like them.” He couldn't say anything else.
“Thanks. Which one is your favorite?” 
 He looked at each painting. There was one with a red background with different colored shapes appearing to come out of a small black shape. There was another one that reminded Steven of a bowl of fruit. But the one he picked was mostly teal, with different shades of blue and green blending in and out of teal.
“That was my eleventh. Mine, too.”
 Then he noticed Mathew started to stumble over his standing legs. “How're you doing buddy?” Steven asked him.
“Great!” He spoke a little too loudly. A couple people turned around to see who spoke during the toast. Lucy gave him a stern look so he whispered back to Steven, “where's the girl you were talking to?”
“She's with her friend.”
“Oh...” He tried to listen to the toast but gave up. “What's her name?”
 Crap. Steven forgot to ask.
“Did you ask her?”
“...I forgot.”
“Go look for her!” he shouted through a failed whisper.
“She's going to find me afterward.”
“You sure?”
“Have a little faith.” He could have chosen a better word: belief, confidence, etc., but he said faith. Only this time he didn't immediately think of the girl that left him the notepad. In fact, he didn't think about it at all. He only felt the Saint hanging around his neck.
 The toast ended, eventually. Then another toast began. When that one ended, a third started. Steven and Lucy exchanged glances and provided their own added commentary during the speeches to each other. Mathew drifted back and forth between them and the bar between toasts. He said he needed something to toast with each time. Luckily, they got shorter with each turn. When they were nearing the end, Lucy started talking to Steven again.	
“So you met a girl?”
“I think I did.”
“When's the last time you met somebody Steven? Answer honestly, I'm your friend.”
 He thought it over. He couldn't remember. He played back each year in his head, in reverse.
“That long?” She touched his arm. “Don't worry. I don't think you'd be that rusty. Just stay calm... you know? Just be yourself and...”
 He interrupted, “I don't think I'm that clueless.”
 She continued to look at him.
“Okay. Fine. But everything seemed to be going fine and everything. I flirted.” She gave him a look. So he responded with in a mocking tone, “I flirted.”
“Okay. I trust you. Where is she?”
 He looked around.
“Give it five minutes then hunt her down. And don't forget her number this time. And a name attached to that would also be good.” She teased.
 Steven looked at her and acknowledged his error with a smirk.
“She cute?”
“Beautiful.”
“More beautiful than me?” Lucy asked. It was the kind of tone that sounded cute, but sounded more like a trap. So Steven stayed quiet. “Good answer.”
 Mathew made a noise while talking to a scrawny boy dressed in a black turtleneck a few feet away.
“Should we cut him off?” Steven asked.
“Naw. That's why these are so fun for me.” She looked at him. “Don't ruin my only fun I have here.”
“How many you figure he's had?”
“My last count...fifteen.”
“Really?”
“How many did you think?”	
“Eleven.”
“Interesting...”
 They watched him sway back and forth, touching people as he talked to them, generally making an ass of himself.
“Think he'll get sick?”
“Maybe he's had enough.”
“How much longer do we have to stay here?”
“At least another hour, or until the press comes by.”
“The press comes?”
“See that line right there? The one where the shadow starts?”
 There was a shadow running across the width of the gallery. He hadn't really noticed it before, but there was a shadow line that cut it in two. The half closer to the front had significantly more light than the half past that line. It was like a physical, symbolic line for those important enough to be talked to. “Yeah.”
“They'll talk to most of the artists in front of this line.”	
“Hm...How do you get in this half?”
“Street cred.” She joked, thumping her chest with a fist and turning it into a sideways peace sign. It looked moderately ridiculous considering she was wearing a strapless silver sundress. It was an interesting wardrobe choice. Steven certainly had never seen anything like it, even with all the artists in the room. She looked beautiful. She always looked beautiful, but tonight she looked amazing. She kept her hair down today, something that she hadn't been doing so much recently. Her gentle curls came down almost to her shoulders. He didn't think she was wearing any makeup, but she never really did anyway.
 As they were discussing her hypothetical street cred, another beautiful girl showed up.
“Do you mind if I steal him away from you?” she asked Lucy politely.	
“Go ahead. I was getting tired of him,” she joked. “Besides, I've got another one to watch.” She nodded her head in the direction of Mathew, who was leaning against the wall, trying to talk to a reporter interviewing the artist of the paintings on the same wall.
“Good luck,” she said as she walked off with Steven. He walked behind her at first as Lucy was miming a pen and paper with her hands reminding him to get her phone number. He nodded at first and then shook his head.
“Do you want to go outside?” she asked. “I'm tired of seeing white.”
“Please,” he enthusiastically said.
 They walked outside and sat on the curb. It was a nice night outside. It had definitely cooled down from the afternoon, so it was a pleasant temperature. The city still roared with life, cars and people were still running around. Lights were on in every building. But the sky was dark and the stars, invisible.
“It's a nice night,” he said.
“How long have you been in Chicago?”
“About a month.”
“How do you like it?”
“It's nice.”
“Where were you before?”
“Ohio.”
“Ohio?”
“Yep.”
“And you're going to stay here?”
“For at least the next two months.”
“Ah...And then...”
“Back to Ohio I guess.”
“Okay, okay.”
“How long have you been here?”
 She thought about it. “About three years, now.”
“You like it?”
“Love it. Now I can't see myself living anywhere else really.”
“It's that good.”
“Well, the winter's brutal. But the pizza's great. So that makes up for it.” She smiled and Steven was happy she had a sense of humor. Or she was completely serious, which made him happier she loved food as much as him.
“So what brought you to Chicago?”
“Northwestern.”
“School?”
“I am a student there. Going for my Masters in music performance.”
“Impressive.”
“Thank you.”
“How much longer do you have?”
“I'll finish in December.”
“Nice. What do you play?”
“The violin.”
“I like the violin.”	
“It's a good instrument to like.”
 Steven realized he was struggling. He tried changing the subject. She asked him what he did in Ohio. He answered. She didn't seem all that impressed much less interested. She talked while he tried to guesstimate her age. From her talking about herself, he knew she took three years off between her undergrad to graduate school. So he assumed she was about twenty-eight or twenty-nine.
 They talked for about three hours and forty-five minutes. In the process, they discovered each other's blood types, because she was concerned about getting a donor in case she was ever in a car accident. Thankfully, they are both O positive, so they could save each other's life if necessary. They talked about their fears and failures, likes and dislikes. In this time they had grown close enough to debate taboo topics like politics or religion. And towards the end, they were still all smiles.
 Her friend came out, coughed loudly enough to interrupt the conversation. She politely introduced herself as Tamara and asked if she was ready.
“I've got to go.” She smiled. “I really enjoyed myself tonight.”
“Me, too. And I don't even know your name...”
“Well, Steven.” He looked at her suspiciously. “Your friend called you Steven. That's your name right?”
 He nodded.
“My name is Charity.”
“Nice to meet you.”
 She smiled. “Give me your phone, Steven.”
“Actually, tonight was perfect.”
 She stopped herself from pulling her phone out, understanding. Smiling, she moved in close to Steven, stood on her toes and gave him a passionate kiss. He wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her even closer.
“Tonight was perfect. Thank you.”
“It was perfect. Thanks for a perfect night, Steven.”
 She was about to get into the taxi her friend had hailed. “Don't forget me.” She got in and closed the door. He could make out her shadow through the tint as the car drove off.
 He walked back inside. He was surprised to see how full it still was. People in both formal attire and bizarre attire mingled and talked about art, assumably. He made his way back to Lucy's area. Mathew had found a bucket and was sitting on it, bored and drunk, trying to stay awake. Lucy just stood in front of her paintings, off-center to the right.
“Well?”
“Her name was Charity.”
“She's cute.” She looked at Mathew. “Wait, 'was'?”
“It was too perfect to spoil.”
 She smiled, understanding what he meant.
 He smiled, too, still on a high from the night. “How's he doing?”
“He's wasted. It was funny, then it turned into annoying. Right now, it's just sad to watch.” She admitted. “Ready?”
“Yeah. We can leave?”
“Yep. Just didn't want to ruin it for you. I don't know how long it takes you to get your game on, being old and all.”
“How sweet of you.” He put his arm around her shoulder in a tight grip as they started to walk away.
“I try.” She called after Mat, “Matt, we're leaving!”
 He picked himself up and struggled to follow.
#
“I'm exhausted,” Steven said as the three walked in the door. Lucy and Steven were on either side of Mathew, helping him walk. They walked him to his room, Lucy mostly carried him. She was surprisingly strong and dropped him in his bed as he struggled to roll over onto his side. Steven left as soon as Mathew was in his bed, Lucy sort of lingered, helping him pour himself into bed.
“Sorry I embarrassed you,” he said, his mouth half covered by the pillow.
“You didn't embarrass me.” She knelt next to the bed, getting down at eye level.
“Loozie, I embarrassed myself tonight.”
“Yes, you did. It was really funny. And then it got sad.”
“I'm sorry, Loozie. I didn't mean to. It's just...”
“Yeah?”
“These things are soo boring.”
“I know, sweetie.” She rubbed her fingers through his hair to coax him to sleep. “I know.”
“Loozie. I'm in love with you.”
“I know you are.” She kissed his forehead and he fell asleep, snoring loudly. She shook her head. “Matt, Matt, Matt. What am I going to do with you?” She left the room, closing the door behind her.


CHAPTER TEN

“Pull out the calendar,” Lucy said as she walked in the kitchen. Steven was awake, drinking a cup of coffee. He didn't need to buy a newspaper anymore, so he sat staring at his toast.
“When did this happen?”
“Last night, after I threw him in bed.”
“Interesting plot development.”
“I get it, you're writing a book. Great employ of literary terminology, please continue.”
 He went to his room and pulled out a folded sheet of paper. There were two dates written on it. July 15 and August 20.
“I win,” she said.
“No way, August 20 is way closer. Today's the seventh.”
“Price is Right rules! You can't go over.”
 He groaned. “Fine. I'll pay you later. I don't want to do anything right now except drink a cup of coffee.
 To clarify what just happened. Steven and Lucy both knew that Mathew was or would fall in love with Lucy. They always caught him sneaking glances at her and he tried desperately to flirt with her. It was cute, but the two weren't oblivious. The only thing they weren't sure about was when he would decide to confess his love for her, so they made a bet. Lucy had considerably more confidence in herself and Steven thought he would wait until before school started, or just do what he would do and ignore it completely. He thought there was a chance Mathew would go back and finish his last year. But as the date got closer and closer, and in the month of August, he saw that prospect dwindling.
“What're you going to do?”
“Make him sweat. I've got nothing else going on at the moment, so I need to do something to entertain myself.”	
“No more painting?”
“I need a break. Besides, the next gallery's in six weeks. Plenty of time. I did all those in, what, half the time?”
“Ideas?”
“Some.” She ran her finger around the rim of her mug. “Maybe I'll just walk around in a bikini all day. Or we can make out.”
“I meant ideas for painting.”
 She smiled. “I know. And I also know you aren't impervious to my sexuality.”
#
 Mathew woke up the next morning understandably hungover. He moved his arm to rub his forehead. There was something attached to it. He pulled off a sticky note.
“Matt – come to the kitchen. I'll cure you. Lucy.”
 He made a serious of noises and dragged himself out of bed. He pulled on a pair of pants and a plain t-shirt. There was no memory of undressing himself, but somehow he awoke in his underwear. Still grumbling, he cursed himself for drinking so much the night before. He couldn't open his eyes all the way, but he managed to find the door to his room and sit himself at the kitchen counter, immediately placing his head on the counter.
 Lucy saw him struggle to get to the kitchen, so she waltzed in, opened the refrigerator to get the coffee and slammed the door. Mathew didn't jump, he just moaned.
“How much did you drink last night?”
“Too much.”
“You gonna do it again?”
 He thought about it. “Prolly.”
 She set the coffee maker. “Well, at least you're honest.”
“Did I embarrass you?” He said, peeking above his arm.
“We're going to have this talk again?”	
“Again?”
“You said the same thing last night. Only you called me Loozie.”
“Loozie. I like it.”
“I don't. Drink this.”
 It was a glass of water full of an Alka-Seltzer looking substance. He followed her instructions. Then she produced a second glass, full of a brown looking substance.
“Now drink this.”
 He eyed it, cautiously. “Seriously?”
“I put it in front of you, didn't I?”
 Still, he had zero desire to drink it.
“It's mostly bananas and you got out of bed later than I thought. So it's rusted over.”
“Where's Steven?” He grabbed the glass, suddenly more willing to drink the fruit sludge.
“Out.”
“What time is it?”
“That should've been your first question. It's 4:17.”
“He with that girl?”
“Charity? No.”
“Ugh. I knew he couldn't seal the deal.”
 She poured him a cup of coffee. “That's to wake you up. And he did, by the way, seal the deal. Why can't love just last for a night? Why spoil something perfect?”
“Thanks.” He took a sip. “Nothing's ever perfect, that's why life is perfect.”
“Then can't you appreciate that he wants to keep one thing perfect in his life?”
“I guess that makes sense.”
“It does. I'm right, you just can't figure it out because your brain cells are so dehydrated.”
“Whatever. You spelled my name wrong.”
“What?”
“There's only one 't.'”
“No kidding.”
“M-A-T-H-E-W.”
“I had you wrong this entire time.”
#	
“How's your book coming along?”
“I'm finished actually.”
“Really?”
“Yeah. Wanna read it?”
“Definitely. What're you doing now?”
“I don't know. I finished it yesterday. I'm here because of habit.”
 Mathew nodded. “Write another one.”
“About?”
“About our trip. Only make me really important. And in the lineage of kings or something exciting.”
“You sure?”
“It's what you know best, right? Your trip full of self-discovery and enlightenment. It's got love, death, betrayal, love.” He emphasized the love part.
“I don't know...Who'd want to read it?”
“Doesn't matter. You like writing, right?”
“Actually, it's really grown on me. I'm starting to love the time I spend doing it.”
 He was sitting at the chair, swiveling himself back and forth in the chair while Mathew leaned against the large wooden desk.
“Think of it like a journal. This is probably something you'll never want to forget, right?”
“That's true.” He thought about it some more. Mathew didn't say anything because he saw the cogs turning in his head. “Or...I could edit the book.”
“...Or you can go to this diner and get some burgers?”
 Steven contemplated his options. He could start editing immediately. Or he could go eat a cheeseburger. As with all good dilemmas involving the stomach versus the brain, the stomach won.
#
“I want to tell you something.”
“Yeah?”
 Steven knew what he was going to say, but continued to play along. He was slightly amused and so was Lucy, but she insisted that they wait until he confronted her when he was in his normal state of mind.
“...I'm in love with Lucy.” He sat back in his seat, waiting for some outburst of some sort from Steven.
“Great.” He said, glad that he could explicitly admit it. “Ask her out for a drink.”	
“I'm twenty.”
“You're right, she's too old for you.”
 He looked at the half-full beer in front of him. “Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
#	
 August 17. It was a week since he told Steven, a week and a half since he drunkenly told Lucy. Now Steven and Lucy had both thrown themselves back into their new projects. Mathew continued to do more or less the same. Somehow, things were looking up for everybody while they were in Chicago.
 Who would have thought that it was in this city, the third largest in the United States, that they would all find happiness. Sure, they could be put in any place right now and feed off each other and be happy; Steven and Lucy hardly ever left the penthouse. But for some reason, it was Chicago that seemed to do the trick.
 Lucy had locked herself in the room now, literally. She insisted that this was actually an important gallery and she wanted her paintings to impress people. This was a more exclusive gallery reserved for high bidders. It never occurred to Steven or Mathew that the reason for galleries was sell the paintings.
#
“Are you going back to school?”
 They were in the office. Mathew had started to wander in and talk to Steven there now. Lucy locked herself in her painting room.
“I don't know. I mean, I understand the importance of school. But at the same time, I've been studying something for three years that I don't want to do anymore. I feel like I wasted my time almost.”
“If it was a waste, you wouldn't have realized you hated it. Nothing's a waste.”
“Not even your decade in Ohio?”
“Not even that.”
“Thanks. I'm going to go figure out my life.”
“Not bad for a Tuesday, right?”
“Not at all.”
“Today's Tuesday, right?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay. Don't bother me for a week. I want to write this before we leave here. We've got what, a month and some change left?”
“Closer to two months. You can do it.”
“Thanks.”
 They smiled at each other and Mathew left, resolved to figure out his future. 	
#
 Steven banged his head against the desk. He was searching his mind for details to add to his completed novel. Details were hard things to decide. Little things just compound and add up to significant, important things. Too few details could lead a story nowhere, and too many would make it too descriptive and boring. He struggled to find a nice medium.
 He thought that after he finished writing, it would be a relatively simple process to edit. Editing took more effort than writing everything the first time.
 Lucy sat in front of her canvas, both covered in paint. She stared at her first canvass, unable to motivate herself to work. She felt lethargic, struggling even to lift up her brush. The painting was coming along slowly, but she still had four weeks, which was plenty of time for her if she were struck by inspiration, and she found that in everything, except right now. Then she realized it was past lunch and she had been hungry the entire time. She had forgotten to eat.
 Mathew sat in front of his computer. He Googled 'what should I do with my life' and wasn't satisfied with the results. So he flipped a coin, thinking of Lucy's 'leave it up to fate' philosophy. And he decided his life, unaware that coin flips weren't exactly 50-50 odds.
#
 Steven wasn't coming home for dinner. So that left Mathew and Lucy alone for dinner for the first time. It wasn't awkward. Mathew waited for the opportunity to profess his love. When he finally did, it was anti-climactic. She responded with an “I know” and her signature smile.
“Oh,” he replied.
“It's not going to happen.” It was very matter of fact, and somehow, Mathew was oddly okay with it.
“Okay.” And that was that. Except, he didn't fully understand, so he left it alone. It's how Steven would deal with the situation and his life was suddenly looking like he knew what to do. Suddenly, he was looking to Steven for life advice.
 Lucy was just relieved she could stop worrying about when he was going to bring it up again. She could concentrate on her career. She didn't know until that moment, that she was that career-oriented. It wasn't even the career she envisioned herself having ten years ago. Looking back, she always imagined she'd be a teacher or a college professor, but here she was, making copious amounts of money by painting. She loved painting, but it wasn't her passion. But she did it anyway.
#
“It was good,” Mathew said while the three were eating dinner. “A little overused, using society as the antagonist. Different that you were so explicit about it. But other than that it was superb.”
“Really?”
“Definitely.”
 It was three weeks later. Steven was well into editing. He decided to have Mathew read it and help him with the difficult process.
“Isn't that what we decided on though, society as the antagonist?” Lucy asked before taking a large bite of linguini.
“No, we did.” Steven said.
“Do I get to read it, too?”
“Of course,” Steven said as Mathew handed her the large stack.
“I don't know about all the allusions you have in there, though.”
“Like optical tricks?” Lucy asked, hearing illusions instead of allusions.
“A-llusions. Sorry.” Mat apologized for his lack of enunciation.
“What do you mean?”
“There are so many references to movies, or television shows, or even music references. Don't you think that's too much?”
“Well...”
“Books reference other books all the time,” Lucy debated. “Why can't one form of art reference another?”
“I really don't see a problem with it,” Steven said.
 He sighed, conceding to Lucy. “I guess you're right.”
“Anything else you think I should focus on?”
“Your ending.”
“What's wrong with it?”
“It's too much like the third Lord of the Rings movie.”
“Wait. How come he can reference movies and I can't?” Steven protested, looking at Lucy. She could only shake her head because it was full of food.
“It's different, because I'm not writing it in a book. Just hear me out. I feel like the book could have ended a long time ago. Why is it continuing, even after the protagonist solves his issues? I mean, he's faced all his past problems, but yet, the story continues a good while. Why not just end it when he's conquered his past?”
 Steven looked at him. He understood this question, it was one he thought long and hard about. “Because his future isn't settled. Sure, it'd be great to end it there, but it'd leave you unfulfilled, no? There would be no real point to the novel and you would have been pissed off in reading it. Just trust me, there is a reason for everything. There were so many strings that got started, but were just left hanging. And it only gets tied together at the very end.”
 Mathew was impressed by Steven's passion and confidence. “Right...”
“So this is a story about a normal person's life. There's no real excitement in the traditional sense of a novel. There's nobody chasing him, they're really not running from anything except themselves. So it has to continue until they can learn to be happy where they are, and not end once the weak 'in-your-face' conflict is solved. There's a lot of conflict that's not obvious.”
 Mathew looked at Steven, still unbelievably shocked by the amount of intensity in his mini-monologue. This never would have happened four months ago.
“Spoken like an actual artist,” Lucy contributed. “Now I really want to read it.” She looked at the cover. “Is there a sex scene?”
 The comment threw Steven off. “A sex scene?” He was almost Puritanical that the thought only appalled him. But only a little.
“Yeah, something raunchy and descriptive?”
“Maybe I'll add it in the editing process.” He offered as a sort of middle ground, with no intention of actually doing it.
“You should do it.”
“If I did, it'd be short and unfulfilling.”
“How boring,” she said as she flipped through the pages as if she was watching a miniature animation in the bottom corner.
#
“I do. I'm sure of it.”
“That's good, right?” Steven asked. They were sitting in a bar they had been frequenting more and more as August ended.
“Naw...don't worry about it. We're better friends anyway. It'd just ruin everything forever. You know, it's not like we ever had your one perfect night.”
“Yeah...”
“Love. Weird that such a vague emotion – that comes and goes, mind you – can govern lives. I mean, it can influence world politics and the love of one person, can change the entire course of human history.”
“Let's just drink and not get into anything too serious. Please?”
 He chugged his half-empty glass. “I'll get us some more.”
 The bar was really classy. To Steven, classy meant expensive. So they drank their expensive beers as if they were special beers, even if it was the same beer that could be bought two dollars cheaper at any dive bar. But Steven liked the atmosphere. It was dimly lit, soft jazz played in the background, and the floors were spotless. He didn't understand how they kept the floors so clean, no matter what time they came in. There were autographed pictures of celebrities on the walls placed between decorative lights. He liked the vibe; things were noticeably there, not imposing and not forgettable.
“All right. Two fresh beers. Nothing serious.”
 They sat there in silence, unsure about what to talk about. The pressure not to talk about something serious was just making them both want to talk about life and its mystery.
“Christ. Well, this isn't working. It's like we're the intelligentsia or something.”
“No life plan, yet?”
“Nope.”
“You're just going to...”
“Go back to Ohio. Maybe I'll try and finish school in January. It's, what, just another year?”
“I thought you didn't want to waste your time doing that.”
“Not a waste, remember? Besides, I've got my mom to look over.”
“Yeah,” Steven remembered. “How's she been taking care of herself?”
“She's got a sister who finally decided to help out some.”
“That's good.”
“Anyway. Can we drink these and not feel like our lives have gone to crap?”
“My life...”
“Just sulk with me for a bit. Now it's my turn to have no direction in my life.”
#
“What is this shit at the end?” Lucy demanded, stuffing eel into her mouth.
“What do you mean, shit?” Steven asked. He would be offended if he hadn't noticed her increased irritation as of late.
“I think it's too late for character conflict to arise. And it's all dialogue with intermittent stabs at philosophy.”
“What's your point?”
 Mathew sat between them, enjoying his sushi and the entertainment the two provided. He'd gotten his life in order mostly, but he didn't tell anybody. He was superstitious enough to know that if he spoke of it to anyone, there was a definite probability it would be jinxed and his life would once again fall in tatters. But he was happy at the moment watching their mock fight.
“My point? It's boring and borderline annoying. Who wants to read line after line of dialogue?”
“Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead is basically all dialogue!” Steven found himself shouting. But they were still both eating, they still had their priorities.
 She turned to Mathew, who had chopsticks in his mouth, slammed her empty left hand on the table and complained at him.
“A play. He says a play is all dialogue.” She picked her empty palm up from off the table and let it wave in the air, trying to add to Steven's dramatic voice. “Of course a play is all dialogue!  What else do you want it to do? Describe itself? Can you come up with something else?”
 Steven let his blood boil. He had been letting emotions sit stagnant and it was in desperate need of some outlet. There was no luxury of a karate class or shooting range to release them physically, so he would have to settle for a shouting match.
 Luckily for Steven, Lucy was having the same problem. She had been working hard on her paintings and had little to show. Receiving snide looks from Mathew did little to help her keep calm. She felt bad for nearly playing a heartbreaker role in his life, but she ultimately knew that it was all for the better. Their friendship was valued too much, otherwise, she probably would have just had sex with him to shut him up. But the relationship was one she grew to appreciate and love over the past few months. It became love in a sibling sense. And she didn't want this family relationship to turn into an Oedipus Rex-type situation.
 Steven, who had sat there silent for five seconds, searched for another example.
“See! There's nothing. There has to be something to balance out dialogue, and short scenes jumping ahead weeks at a time is confusing.”
“Closer.”
“What?”
“Closer. The movie with Jude Law.”
“Jude Law?” Mathew interrupted putting his chopsticks down. “You say Closer and the first actor that comes to your mind is Jude Law?”
 Steven and Lucy both looked at him thrown off by his intrusion in their argument.
“I mean, c'mon. I'd even say Clive Owen before I'd say Jude Law.”
“Yeah, we get it.” Lucy was extra agitated today. “And both the female actresses are hotter.”
“I was going to say had bigger star appeal.” He noted for the record that wasn't being kept.
“It was a play first,” Lucy corrected.
 Steven cursed under his breath.
“Imagine this was a scene.” Lucy calmed herself down after counting to five. “What's going on?”
“Look, the novel's finished.”
“Do you want it to be good?”
“Of course I do.”
“Then take notes, we're going to do some serious edits. We'll get it good.”
“God, I hope your grammar isn't as bad as you're making it sound.”
 Well, at least they had calmed down.
#
“Back to editing?” Mathew stood in the doorway to the office. He was leaning against the doorway, but Steven didn't turn around to see him. It was early enough that there wasn't enough light coming in from the window so his shadow fell towards him, well past the desk and on to the wall. Seeing his shadow, he spun around in the rolling chair he had grown to love. “Thought I'd start before breakfast today. You're up early.”
“Couldn't sleep.” He walked up to the desk and sat on the floor instead of leaning on the desk. Steven looked down at him, as if he were his son, lost and confused, overwhelmed by the sheer size of what lay in front of him. “Not sure what I should do.”
“You should have stayed in college.” But he didn't mean it in a lecturing way. He said it in such a lighthearted way that Mathew knew he wasn't finished with his thought.
 He looked up, and stared expressionless. “You sure?”
 Steven placed his mouth behind his hand as if he were looking at a piece of art. “Positive. Why? What were you thinking?” He asked, taking his hand away.
“I applied to some culinary schools.”
 Steven, shocked, took a moment to process it. “What? That's great!” He felt like he was playing the role of his now-absent father. He was in his father's office, in his father's house, sitting in a chair with his pretend son, who was sitting on the floor. Mathew was unaware or he was knowingly playing out the role of a son perfectly, Steven couldn't decide. Either way, it was like he was waiting for his approval.
“When did you do that?”
“About two weeks ago.”
 Maybe not. “And you are just telling me now?”
“I didn't want to jinx it.”
“Oh.” He understood. But then he had just told him. “But you just told me soo...”
“No, I didn't get in. I got the letter yesterday.” Apparently he was here sulking and not searching for paternal approval.
“You only sent one application in?”
 He sat up straight. “Well...I was thinking it was more like an 'all-or-nothing' thing.”
 Steven shook his head. He wasn't sure if his friendship had crossed over to parental yet, but he knew it was teetering dangerously close. “Mat, if that's what you want to do, go for it.”
 He nodded. He knew everything Steven was going to say, so he didn't bother continuing.
#
 Mathew left to get groceries while Steven worked. He really wanted to finish this painful task of editing before he ventured off and plunged himself into a new adventure.
 Steven took advantage of the alone time he had in the penthouse with Lucy the moment Mathew walked out the door. He knocked before entering. He'd never been in this room before, so he was understandably a little nervous and apprehensive about going inside.
 She didn't say anything, so he took that as his cue to enter. He opened the door and the first thing he noticed was the plastic. The floors and the walls were covered in it. And the easels, there must have been a dozen of them, most had canvasses. There were even canvasses on the floor and leaning against the walls.
 Lucy sat in the middle of the room, in front of the largest canvass. It was also the emptiest one. She turned to see him enter, not upset or surprised, instead of reacting in an angry fashion, as he had expected, she tossed her paintbrush to the ground, ran up to Steven, flung her arms around him, and started crying. It was startling. He wasn't sure how to react, so he put his arms around her waist and held her. It was a very natural reaction. Her face was tightly buried into his shoulder. A million things raced through his mind. But all his thoughts vanished when he heard small sniffles and noticed the moisture gathering near his neck.
 She lost control, both in her tears and her legs. Steven had to readjust his footing to support the added weight. He also moved his hand to gently calm her by stoking the back of her head. Not sure of what to do or say, he stayed quiet. This time, it was the right decision. He waited until her cries became more sporadic and she placed her weight back on the ground.
 Lucy stood in front of him, about four or five inches shorter than him. She wiped away the tears that streamed down her face and sniffed up the last bit of liquid trying to escape.
 Steven felt it was an appropriate time to ask her if she was all right. “Are you okay?” At least his heart was in the right place.
 She looked at him, and accepted his social awkwardness understanding his true intention. “No.” She laughed to herself. Although it wasn't the intention of Steven to make her laugh, the fact that she cheered up some made him smile, too. “My dad died.”
 Steven grabbed her again and embraced her. “I'm so sorry, Luce. If there's anything I can do...”
“I know.” She said welcoming the comfort of a hug.
“When is the funeral? We can take you there, no problem. We can leave today if we have to.” He was ready to drop everything and go there. There were still three weeks before Mathew's father returned, so time wasn't an issue. He started wondering where the funeral was. She lived in New York, but he never found out where she was raised. Then it struck him as bizarre that he didn't know that much about her. But none of that mattered, she was one of his closest friends, and Steven was a loyal friend. He'd happily march alongside her to Mordor if necessary.
“Thanks, but...” She struggled to talk, her eyes tearing up again. She fell back into his arms as she tried to finish her sentence, “...it was three weeks ago.”
 He felt awful. He knew that she hadn't been acting this way three weeks ago and that she would have said something if it she knew then. It would also explain her personality change as of late, but even this horrible news wasn't able deter his curiosity.
“What do you mean three weeks ago?”
 Her tears seemed to be under control now. She shook her head with the same disbelief Steven had and started explaining. “My sister. We had a falling out after our mom's funeral. It was a stupid argument over who paid what. It was before I had any money, so I couldn't pay for all of my half.” She continued to wipe her eyes and nose. “My step-dad paid what was my share, and she flipped. She said it was unfair and that I was always the one getting handouts, so she told me that that would be the last one. And I haven't heard from her since. I even sent her more than I owed her about a year ago as a sign of good will, but nothing, until about two weeks ago, when she sent me a fucking text message.” She built up that last bit into a snarl between clenched teeth. Again, she returned to the ground in tears.
 Steven joined to comfort her, but still wasn't sure if it was her dad or her step-dad who died. Instead of asking he waited for her to calm down to finish her story.
 As if reading his mind, “my sister was always my father's favorite. He liked her more and my mom liked me more. You can imagine that he didn't speak to me much and my mom didn't speak to my sister much either. But still, of course, I'm upset about it.” She looked at Steven. Her eyes, red and swollen, and her usual smile was replaced with lips tied together with strings of saliva.
“What was it like when your dad died?” She asked, hoping he could offer her words of encouragement.
 He stared at her, unsure what to say. “My dad's alive.” It was uncomfortable, but toppable.
“Your mom?” she offered.
“That's why I was in Phoenix, remember? To see them...How old do you think I am?” he asked, smiling.
 She smiled back, revealing the jest behind her questions. “Old.”
“And all my grandparents are alive, too.” He added for good measure.
 She smiled, then cast her eyes downward. “Thanks.” She stood up.
“Of course.”
 She hugged him again.
 He smiled and walked to the door. He exited with, “I'm here if you need anything.”
#
 The next day followed their original Chicago routine. Mathew was joined by Steven in the kitchen. They debated what to cook before settling on the usual eggs. That erupted in another discussion over how to cook the eggs. Just as they made a decision and Steven took over coffee duty, Lucy joined them. It was the first time in over a week. Mathew was glad to see her again for breakfast, so he didn't mention anything about her appearance being out of the ordinary as of late. She sat at the counter while the boys talked about a baseball game they had both seen separately the day before. Mathew was impressed by Steven's growing knowledge of players and statistics.
 After breakfast was over, Steven cleared the plates. Lucy didn't move from her seat. Mathew got up and stretched, waiting to see what the other two were doing before deciding on his day.
“I think I'll just lounge here today.” He decided.
“Why don't you go see a movie?” Lucy suggested.
“Nothing's out that I'd want to see.”
“Steven, why don't you and I go to the park?”
“Right now?” He asked, looking at Mathew, who watched this unfold very cautiously.
“After we get dressed.”
 He looked again at Lucy, and again at Mathew. It was like a game of chess he didn't want to play because he knew he was the less skilled player. “Okay.” He thought the word he used most would work well in this situation.
 She left to get dressed, leaving Steven alone with a questioning Mathew. “What's going on? Why is she acting so odd?”
“Her dad died.”
 He stopped speaking and immediately felt guilty. He nodded and walked off right before Steven left to change.
#
 They were in the park. Lucy hadn't been outside in ages. It was almost like she had forgotten what the sun felt like. She enjoyed all the vitamin D her skin was receiving and her natural glow slowly returned. This was unmistakably a better mood than yesterday.
“I'm glad you're feeling better.” he said, hoping not to say something that would instantly put her back in shambles.
“Oddly enough, it's because of you.”
 He stopped and looked at her. The wind softly breezed by both of them, it felt good. The trees were still green, along with most of the scarce wildlife. Some leaves had started to fall, but it was far from autumn.
“How?”
“I haven't had a friend like you. Ever, really. And I feel better, knowing that things can't change what's already happened.”
“But your sister? I mean, what are you going to do about that?”
 She started walking. “One day. When it's right. But it's not right now. Work on one thing at a time, right?”
 Steven nodded, silently.
“Maybe now we'll have some semblance of normalcy again. Sound good?”
 He smiled and looked at her. “Is that what you think I was worried about? Normalcy.”
 She grinned as she pointed out, “I don't know how well you think you conceal what you're thinking, but I've seen toddlers that are better at hiding things than you. You’ve seemed uncomfortable for a while.”
 He didn't know that toddlers were bad liars. In fact, he always imagined toddlers to lie very well. It was confusing.
#
“You're still want to go back to New York, right?” Mathew asked Lucy.
 They were eating dinner on an ordinary Wednesday evening. Tonight, Mathew had made pasta with a sauce he unintentionally created. It was delicious, mostly mushrooms and onions, but with a crème base that he wouldn't divulge.
“Yes, sir. Planning on it at least.”
“What does that mean?”
“You of all people haven't learned this lesson yet?”
 Mathew looked at her, concerned. He turned to Steven, “you learned this lesson?”
 Steven nodded.
“Steven's got this lesson good.”
“What's the lesson?”
 She smiled, happy she knew something he didn't and wanted to know. “You can't plan ahead. You have to be open to sudden changes and all that good stuff.”
 He laughed it off. “Sweetie, I taught him that lesson,” he said nodding his head at Steven. “Back me up.”
“True story,” Steven added, uncommitted to either camp.
 She rolled her eyes. “Why are you guys going back to Ohio anyway?”
 Steven looked at Mathew. It was a good question. Steven certainly didn't have anything there. Mathew had his mother, but he had been informed that his aunt had found a loophole in some state-funded program where she registered as a caretaker and got paid to nurse his sick mother all day. It was more than enough to cover both their living expenses, so she was happy to move in with her depressed sister.
“It's what we set out to do.” That was the best Mathew could come up with, so Steven's reasoning would be much worse.
“Okay. I'm not going to stop you guys. I'm just saying, in today's economy...not a lot of job opportunity back where you guys just came from.”
 It was one of those things that was in the back of his mind, but he shrugged off. Mathew and he had always talked about 'back in Ohio.'  It had become romanticized, like a missed lover. It wasn't a terrible thing, they had just always associated returning with an implementation of their learned life lessons. They were both eager to return, and although Steven didn't have an apartment anymore, he didn't care too much to worry about the details. Right there was the implementation of learned life lessons. They were both proud at how well Steven had grown and changed as a result of their little American adventure. They even planned on a South American sequel to it.
“I'll get you a plane ticket from Ohio.” Mathew offered.
“Yay, Ohio!” she said as enthusiastically as she could muster. For a free plane ticket home, people would go to extreme lengths.
#
“How much of this dialogue is important to you?” Lucy had returned to her constructive criticism of Steven's novel.
“All of it.” Steven plainly responded.
“There's two hundred...forty...seven pages of dialogue.” She counted the pages.
“Most of it is banter, so it goes by fast,” Steven said, while chopping onions.
“You realize that even 100 pages is over an hour of banter.”
“You think it's too long?” He stopped chopping.
“Keep chopping,” Mathew directed, and Steven continued. “Personally, I don't think it's long enough.”
“Really?” Lucy was in disbelief. “You liked reading 1,438 pages?”
“I didn't have anything else to do. I sandwiched it between War and Peace and The Idiot.” He jokingly said, but he was completely serious.
 She stared at him, unsure of whether he was telling the truth or joking.
“I was bored. You guys had exciting things to do. Me? There are only so many times you can watch the same episode of Sportscenter during baseball season.” Neither had tried that, so they took his word as fact.
“You don't like the length?”
“I think...” She stopped. “Never mind.”
“What? Why never mind?”
“I just realized what it all means.”
 Steven stopped chopping again to look at Mathew, who was equally as perplexed. “Keep chopping!”
“What does it mean?”
“Genius. Steven, you're a genius.”
“How am I a genius?”
“Tell him already! I want to know, too.”
“Steven,” she ran to him and tugged at the sleeves he had rolled up. “It's symbolism for life.”
 Mathew coughed. Or he scoffed. It was indistinguishable.
 She didn't bother explaining it. She claimed it was more rewarding if they discovered it themselves. It was frustrating for Steven, who wrote the damned thing, to not know what his supposed masterpiece represented. But he was forgetful and wouldn't have to worry about it much longer.
#
 Another art gallery came and went. She excused both Mathew and Steven from it. They both wanted to go until she said it was a smaller, private gathering...with no open bar.
 Then there was nothing left to do except wait two weeks. The entire reason they stayed in Chicago was so Mathew could make peace with his father, similar to how Steven did the same with his own family. With each passing day, he became more and more nervous. Steven and Lucy, now with little to do during the day, had begun speculation at what would happen. As September ended, Mathew could be heard at night, pacing back and forth across the penthouse, opening and closing cabinets in the kitchen, uninterested in eating anything.
#
 Soon it was October 11. They all seemed to have been sitting around a clock for the past week. So when that Monday rolled around, tension grew. Steven and Lucy were both antsy to get out of Chicago; they felt like they had overstayed their welcome and didn't feel as at home as they had when they were occupied all day.
 When he returned in the middle of the afternoon, they were still sitting around the counter, bored. So he sat next to them in silence.
 Finally, close to 3:45, the door opened. Mathew stood up and the two met each other in the middle of the open room. Their movements were blocked perfectly.
“Mathew, what is it you wanted to ask?” His father was about the same height as Mathew, only rounder. They had an uncanny resemblance. The bone structure was the exact same, hair the same shade, too. He had aged well, looking about Steven's age. Steven worried that he was his age.
“Father, I wanted to clear up issues from the past. I think I have some unanswered questions that I feel I deserve answers to.”
“Very well. You deserve that much.” He took off his hat and held it mechanically against his chest. Steven didn't understand why he'd hide such a beautiful head of thick hair.
 For months, Steven and Lucy wondered how his father wronged him. He refused to talk about it, so they resorted to their previous method of entertainment: betting. Steven guessed it had something to do with an affair or drug habit; Lucy bet it was something with boarding school or treason. She was thinking outside the box. They sat, silently watching the scene unfold, each invisibly crossing their fingers hoping that they were right. $50 was at stake; it was a double or nothing from their previous bet.
“Father, did you kill my goldfish when I was in the third grade?”
 He sighed. “Sit down.”
“No. Tell me here.”
“I did.”
“Why?”
 His father paused a moment and placed his hat back on his head. “Son...”
“You don't have to explain, Dad.” Mathew shook his head, disappointed. For a minute, it looked like he was going to hit his father. Then, out of nowhere, he started fighting off tears and produced three words: “I forgive you.”
 The two embraced, but his father cut it short. “I have to go to Beijing tonight. But this was good. We needed to get that out and in the open.”
 Mathew agreed and the three left without a goodbye or a thank you. And that's why they stayed in Chicago for three months.

	

CHAPTER ELEVEN

 Being back in their car was an unfamiliar feeling. Nobody had driven it in three months. The only difference was that they were cramped in a car instead of a lavish penthouse.
“We did all that for a goldfish?” Lucy asked. She was sitting in the front seat as Mathew drove.
“What's wrong with that? He was an important part of my life.”
“Nothing. It was surprising,” Steven interjected.
 He wasn't offended, nor did he find it strange.
 They left the city and were surrounded by green fields again. It took them forever to get out of Chicago though, traffic seemed like an all-hour occurrence.
“Nice to be out in the country, huh?” Steven asked.
“Enjoy it. We'll be back home in about five hours.”
“That's it?”
“Yeah. We can crash with Raddick tonight.”
“I miss Nigel.”
“This is just like when we first met.” Lucy reminisced.
“Yeah.” Mathew said, also reminded of that day. “Steven thought you were a prostitute and was against picking you up, by the way.”
 She looked at Steven. “Seriously?”
“You were...dressed...” He blushed as he searched for an answer.
 Mathew took pity on him for throwing him into that without a fair warning. “I finished your revised novel.”
 Steven had finally finished editing his brick. It took a good bit of effort, and a book of suggestions from both him and Lucy.
“And?”
“There's no antagonist. I don't understand why there's no antagonist.”
“Sometimes, the protagonist is his own antagonist.” He still thought it was a cheap way to write.
#
 Before long, they were back in the city limits. Looking out, it was as gray as he remembered, only now it was October, so now the gray sky complemented the buildings. He forgot how dismal it was and sadness slowly crept into and consumed him.
 Mathew, who had been tired of driving and eager to get back into his bed, had been duped by his brain into speeding. As soon as they drove under an overpass, lights and sirens flashed. Swearing, he pulled over and apologized to Lucy and Steven.
“We're probably going to be arrested,” he warned Lucy.	
“Haha. Funny.”
“He's serious.” Steven backed him up.
 An overweight police officer eating a chicken leg walked up to the window. “License.”
 He handed the officer his license.
“I'll be back.”
 A couple minutes passed. Then he came back without the chicken wing. “Yeah. I'm gonna have to arrest all of y'all.”
“Why?”
“It's our policy. Detain and question.”
 Mathew sighed and got out of the car. Steven followed, annoyed. Lucy joined but wasn't exactly sure what was going on. He handcuffed all three of them and squeezed them in the backseat.
“Mal?” Mathew asked, noticing the familiar face. “Remember us?”
 He looked closer at their faces.
“You're the one we booked for suspected terrorism!” He pointed at Steven.
 He smiled. “That's me!”
“Aw, man! How you guys doin?”
“Same old, same old. Going to jail. Just like last time we saw each other.” Mathew joshed with him like they were old buddies.
“Shit. Only last time I was letting y'all go,” he corrected.
“And just like Mal from Fire..fly...” He paused to make sure he remembered that right. “...you got the bad guys.”
“I told you, I was like him. Except he's the outlaw. Maybe I could be more like him...”
“And you were right.” He cut him off although it made no sense when looked at, he was just trying to avoid listening to a long story.
#
 Then, they were in the familiar jail cell and unexpectedly surrounded by some familiar faces.
“Zeke!” Mathew shouted.
 The large man sitting cross-legged opened one eye to see who disturbed him. His face of anger softened and he smiled. “Mathew, my brother?”
“Here I am.”
“What a pleasant surprise. Sit down with me, let's talk.”
 Lucy only grew more confused, so she turned to Steven for clarification. “They know each other?”
“Zeke and us go back to the last time we were here.” He smiled and Lucy slowly returned to listening to their conversation.
 Steven sat back on his old bench, the one he woke up on after receiving a blow to the head on the hood of a car. Except this time he was in much better spirits and his bench was partly occupied. A pudgy, ginger man sat there playing with his thumbs. Steven looked closely at his face. He noticed the sweat beads on his forehead and the sweat-stained shirt. It was the man who audited the company so long ago.
“Roger Sherman?” For some reason, he hadn't forgotten his name.
 He looked up.
“Wha?”
“You audited the company I worked for and fired me.” Steven stood up.
 Roger started apologizing profusely. “I didn't mean to, I was being used and didn't realize it! And now I'm here. Please, be kind to me! Don't touch me!” He started crying. He had the same confusion as Steven did when he was here for his first tour.
“I wanted to thank you.”
“What?”
“You liberated me from my prison. I tied up all my loose ends and am finally happy with how everything ended up for me.”
“Will you help me take down the company that screwed us over then?”
“No...” He looked down at Roger, who started sweating more than when he thought he was going to get raped. “Were you listening at all?”
“No. But here's what happened. Richaard ended up having an affair with the same secretary as Richard, the CEO. I tried to alert the proper authorities, but I didn't know he could listen to my telephone conversations. So he accused me of taking money from the company. I was, so I guess that's partly my fault. But here I am and he's taken all the money he promised me from the car crash.”
“Yeah, I don't care.” He said sitting down, defeated. Steven was hoping for that moment where he could thank the person responsible for everything that had happened, but the sweaty man kept talking.
“You know it was my idea to commit insurance fraud after that M5 plate UHD-3256 cut us off in traffic. If it wasn't for that, none of us would be here. I wouldn't have crashed my pinto and you'd still have a job. Funny, right?” He said, knowing that Steven was no longer a threat. But why he decided to be so descriptive in his crime was lost on all in the cell. Richaard assumed that all criminals exchanged crime stories, as a sort of constructive criticism system.
“What?” Mathew turned around.
“You remembered the license plate?”
“I remember everything,” he said. “I'm an auditor.”
“What does that have to do with auditing?”
“Everything.”
“Steven. Those are my plates. Well, they were.” He was having trouble putting his verbs in the past tense, too.	
 He looked at Mathew. He took a step backwards. “If you hadn't cut him off. I'd still be here, I'd still have my job.”
“Yeah.” He stood there, disappointed that it was his own action that started this cascade of coincidences.
 He walked up to Mathew and threw his arms around him and picked him up in the air. “Thank you.”
“You're welcome.” He managed to get out as he was squeezed mid-air.
“Weird, right? All these coincidences happening one after the other?” Mathew asked Steven. It was further evidence for a driving force governing their lives.
“It's an ouroboros.” Zeke pointed out, still sitting on the floor.
“A what?”
“It's a snake. And it's eating its own tail. Like a circle. It's like a Phoenix, birth, death and rebirth. It's a symbol meaning everything is cyclical. It means that everything is out of our control and that forces beyond our control are at work, pushing everything through an infinite loop.” He had a gruff voice, not something Steven expected to hear describing a snake eating itself.
“So...we couldn't control any of our actions?”
 Zeke stood up and towered over Steven.
“It's fate, dummy!” he shouted. “Everything happens for a reason. No matter how bad it all seems, it's for a reason. There's a greater design than you or me. So don't be all narcissistic and think there's a plan specifically for you.”
 Steven's necklace had fallen out of his shirt when he picked Mathew up.
“You Catholic?”
“No...why?”
“Saint Thomas Aquinas.”
 He looked at his necklace. “Yeah?”
“Same shit. Theological Virtues. Can't be attained by yourself.” He pointed at the ceiling. “God gives that shit to you. Faith. Hope. Charity. You don't get that without God. Remember that.”
 Zeke sat down on the floor.
“Everything happens and you ain't gotta question that. Just remember your Faith.” He winked at Mathew.
 The radio was on, and the silence Zeke created urged them all to listen to it. It seemed to reverberate throughout the building. “...tainment news. Disney has signed off on a new animated movie today. Reportedly, Tom Hanks has signed on to lend his voice to a tale about a shark raised by a school of fish and then has to deal with his conflicting desire to be both fish and shark. Sounds like a blockbuster, Scott...”
“Shit.” Mathew interrupted. “Manuel is going to be so pissed.” He banged his head against the bars behind him.
“Steven. Don't you lose Hope. You lost it once, but it's still there. Just not the same Hope.”
“Lucy, we're going to New York with you.” Steven didn't take his eyes off Zeke.
“Okay,” Lucy said mechanically. She was curious backslash terrified about what was going on.
“Still could've been nice if there were a billboard or something,” Steven muttered, not fully expecting to get yelled at.
“There were three of them! Two in Indiana and one in Ohio. You hadn't had your eyes looking for them.”
 Steven was shocked, but he had been through enough of the paranormal to believe every word this cellmate was saying.
“Wait, did you pitch Miguel's story to somebody?” Mathew was a little pissed.
“That's not important. You couldn't have gone and listened to me last time you were here. Naw, you wanted to be stubborn and think you know what you're supposed to do and look where you ended up. Right back where you started. Fucking ouroboros. Right back where you started. So now what do you have left? Mathew and Lucy. Don't lose them. They're good people and they care about you.” He paused and shook his head.
“Who are you?”
“Zeke. Ezekiel. I'm your guardian angel, bitch.”
 Steven looked at Mat and Lucy. “Great, my guardian angel called me a bitch.”
“He's cool, don't judge him. God says so. And Mathew, don't worry about Miguel, he's got his fortune coming, too.” Zeke assured Mathew. Right before he disappeared, he looked Steven in the eyes and grabbed his shoulders, tightly picking him up ever so slightly off the ground. “Steven. Look. You got your second chance. Don't fuck this one up.”
 Steven clutched the notepad in his pocket. He never did tell anyone that the last sketch of him included a note: 'Things work out because you have no control. So don't worry.' Then he felt cheated that the dues ex machina to his life was an angel. It was a cop out in Battlestar Galactica and it felt cheap that not only did he use it in his novel, but that it happened in his own life.
 But he took Faith's advice and leaned back on the bench. He'd get out of jail eventually and move to New York with his friends. Whatever happened, happened. He decided that there were worse ways to live his life.
