



WARM WINTER’S GARDEN
By
Neil Hetzner



Smashwords Edition
Copyright Neil Hetzner©July 2011
Warm Winter’s Garden
All Rights Reserved.



AUGUST
1990



Chapter 1


Bett Koster did not know what to do. For her, who almost always knew what to do next, that was a very strange feeling. Her sense of uncertainty was so strong that she had a whispery urge to take her hands from the steering wheel, to heave her body out from under the confines of the seat belt, to inhale enough air to calm the boiling in her stomach, and then to wait. It was a very strange sensation. She reminded herself of Queenie, their blue tick hound, zigzagging along the beach snuffling the sand to find a trail. She could not put things in order. First things first. That rule had been a part of her life for as long as she could remember.
All right.
The first thing was for her to drive home. The second thing must be to pick the eggplant. They certainly needed her attention. It had rained on Friday and Saturday. Sunday had been one of those late August New England days with deep blue skies and gusty dry air bringing just a hint of fall crispness down from the north. It had been one of those days when it seemed as if the months were suits of playing cards and, somehow, one of the Septembers had gotten mixed in with the Augusts. The front had moved through late on Sunday night. Today, Monday, was hot and muggy. If she didn’t pick the eggplant soon, the fruit would soak up the rain and turn its solid, sea spume-colored flesh into soggy pulp. Bett thought that a young, blackish purple, smooth as enamel eggplant was one of God’s great gifts, but a soft, spongy, seedy, eggplant was a pretty worthless thing except, perhaps, as a convenience store vegetable.
Pick the eggplant. Cut it into quarter inch slices. Oil, then, grill the slices. Layer the tiger-striped slices with extra virgin olive oil, herbed vinegar, chopped garlic and fresh basil leaves. First things first. Pick some basil; pinch its buds. Basil had a desperate drive to flower, then, fail. The plants had to be deadheaded every other day if they were to grow to their potential. Turn the grill to low, oil whole eggplant, prick them with a fork, then, roast them until they collapsed in upon themselves. Chop the pulp and mix it with roasted walnuts, garlic, salt and pepper, fresh oregano, olive oil and lemon juice for eggplant caviar. Freeze the extra pulp in the empty yogurt cups which, along with cottage cheese and sour cream containers, had been saved throughout the year for harvest time.
Bett forced herself to look far down the sunlight-dappled corridor of Dana Road. Yellow shards of late afternoon sun cut through the green of the swamp maples and scrub oaks, the nearly black green of the twenty-foot high rhododendron and the canopy of sumac whose leaves had already begun to turn red from cooler nights.
First things first.
The first thing was to focus her attention on her driving. She narrowed her eyes as the road left the shadows of the woods to pass by the dark brown earth and lush green squares of the Danner’s turf farm. The turf farms of southern Rhode Island, with their perfect flatness and precise outlines, were one of the few physical aspects of New England that reminded Bett of growing up in Indiana. Looking out across the golf course-manicured grass to where the harvesting equipment was peeling sod and turning it into giant green and brown jelly rolls, she recalled fields of newly sprouted timothy hay on the rich fields of The Chimneys.
In the halcyon days of the late Twenties, when people had felt as exhilarated and exuberantly wealthy as they would again in the mid-1980s, her grandfather had bought two forty hundred acres of black loam, Eel River bottom farmland. He had named the place after the matched chimneys that rose high above the run-down ante-bellum brick farmhouse.
Grandfather, who Bett had called Opa, German for Grandpa, from the time she was a baby until he died when she was just past forty, was a small-town jeweler. Opa always rose at five fifteen a.m.. He would have walked the ten blocks from his home to his store long before most of his customers were awake. He used the quiet hours before the store opened to do the delicate hand engraving for which he was famous. Working in a space so crowded with nameless things— wood-handled things with sharp points, and small wooden saucers filled with brightly colored waxes, brushes so fine it was hard to imagine a use for them, vises, and additions to vises, and pieces of gold chain, slivers of bright springs from watches, watch gears, some as large as dimes but mostly smaller than a nail head—that it seemed impossible that he could find the space to move his hands, Opa would carve the sentiments of a lover into an engagement ring in a script so small and curlicued that it was difficult to decipher the message. He would finish the ring and begin a monogram to fill the center of a large sterling silver tray. From the tray he might turn to a locket.
When the store opened at nine o’clock sharp, Opa would sell Elgin pocket watches to the railroaders who worked on the B&O, Pennsy, or Wabash lines. He would push his jeweler’s loupe up from his eye to sell Wallace sterling or Wedgwood china to the carriage trade. At one o’clock he would leave the store in the hands of his assistant, walk the ten blocks home to the large lunch that Oma would have prepared, then, in the summer, after loading Bett and beer into the Packard, drive the six miles into the countryside to work his new, sweet-smelling land.
In her grandparents’ photo albums there was a picture of Opa with a brown Budweiser beer bottle held high in one hand and a half dozen enormous tomatoes cupped in the other. A hoe handle rested against his white-shirted paunch. While Opa’s eyes were lost in a squint against the hard light of summer, the rest of his face was brightly painted with joy. Despite the starched white shirt whose collar had been stripped of its batwing bowtie, despite the high-topped kangaroo skin boots, despite the fine dark gabardine pants that were made from cloth sent for from London, despite the long, sleek Packard, despite the stately tuck-pointed farmhouse, despite all the contrary images that could be found in so many of the family photos, Opa had been no gentleman farmer. Bett knew at the earliest age that in his soul Opa was a peasant. He knew the earth at a level beyond reason, and he loved and respected its myriad ruled unruly ways more than his profession, his religion and most, if not all, of his family.
On hot June afternoons, her ears ringing with the drone of horseflies hovering over the mounds of manure that had been shoveled along the perimeter of the two acre house garden from a horse-drawn wagon, Bett had used her short-handled hoe to intercut the sticky, straw-filled manure into the only slightly less sticky loam. It would take all the strength in her arms to blend the two. After a dozen or twenty strokes she would use the blade of the hoe to gather the mixture, as thick and rich as fudge, into a mound, then, thankful for the respite, she would drop to her knees. While her body rested on the warm, soft cushion of the soil, she would pat the earth into its final form as a flat-topped hill for cucumber, squash or melon seeds.
Bett took her eyes from the road to look at her fat brown arms. Although Opa never had seemed to be watching her and never had embarrassed her by asking, he always had known when the hoeing, whether for planting or weeding, had gone on so long that her knees quivered and her shoulders were hot in pain. From down the row he would call out in a vaudevillian German accent, “Vonderkind, is your vistle dry?” “Dry as Oklahoma,” she would reply. The two of them would plant the blades of their hoes deep into the churned earth. As they walked down the lane with its powdery tire tracks separated by a rise filled with dusty burdock and sheared off milkweed plants, Opa would teach Bett about the sights and sounds and smells around them.
At the end of the lane, where a tangle of wild grape acted as sentinel, they would turn onto the crunch of the gravel road. They would walk a block down the caramel-colored gravel road until they came to the section where Oma insisted that oil be sprayed to keep down the dust. To avoid the smell of the oil, they would leave the road to walk a narrow path through the high grass before coming to the sagging zigzag of the split rail fence. Opa would step over first, then, hold Bett’s hand as she would tightrope walk along one or two sections of the silvery rail fence that wandered along the front yard of The Chimneys. In the side yard, Opa would lift the thick wooden lid from the cistern. As she knelt down alongside the black hole, Bett’s sweaty face would be chilled by the up-rushing air. In a wire basket at the end of the rope which she was entrusted with drawing up would be two bottles, each with a white porcelain stopper, a red rubber gasket and a wire bail around the neck. The larger bottle held the white foam and amber fluid of Oma’s lager. The smaller bottle would be filled either with the dark vanilla and sassafras flavoring of root beer or the golden, throat burning volatility of Oma’s ginger beer.
In a tight harmony developed from repetition over several summers’ long weeks, grandfather and granddaughter would cup a hand around the neck and squeegee the cold well water from the bottle and use it to cool heated brow and cheeks. After retracing their steps to the garden, they would lean against the rusting frame of an old tedder, whose corroded tines had spread no hay in decades, extend their arms, flick the bails, pull the stoppers, dodge the spray, and, then, catch the bottle’s boiling foam in their parched mouths. Eyes would grow big and noses catch on fire. Opa would belch a sound as long and low as a bear’s growl. He would point the neck of his bottle at her in a silent toast. She would make the same toast back. To Oma. To bounty. To us. To life. Opa would point the bottle at the rows and mounds of the garden and give her a satyr’s leer that flaunted his lust for The Chimney’s fecundity.
As she rode toward home and all its duties, Bett could feel the fermentation that once had given rise to the ginger-flavored belches whose length and volume had so pleased her grandfather. There had been perfect summer days when, with the heat still shimmering above the earth and with elongating shadows rushing toward them as the sun dropped behind the row of elms at the far end of the field, she and Opa had belched together in simple, satisfying harmony. They would catch each other’s eye and pledge themselves to secrecy. Don’t tell Oma. They would upend their bottles and suck the last foam from them before returning to their shoulder aching, leg quivering, skin reddening, sweat dripping joyous labor.
By pushing her spine back against the car seat Bett managed to make a small belch, but rather than ginger, it tasted like of brackish water. Unlike a thousand other belches in her life, this one held no satisfaction. She told herself to stop thinking. Just get home and pick the okra.
As a young mother with four children, it had always seemed to Bett that no matter how much okra she planted, there were never enough pods ready on a single day for a meal. Neil and all of her children, even Dilly, loved okra, but Bett herself still winced at the thought of eating it. She never had liked the scratchiness of its fuzzy skin on the roof of her mouth nor the feeling as its slippery round seeds burst between her teeth. Even though the kids were no longer around to eat it, Bett continued to grow okra because it had been Opa’s favorite vegetable. Growing it now, as a homage to Opa and those healing days at The Chimneys, gave her great satisfaction. As a vegetable, okra was for someone else; however as a plant it stole her. With its ten-inch wide palmated leaves, its eight foot height and large custard yellow trumpet blooms, okra, along with hollyhocks and sunflowers, was one of the most imperial of plants. First things first. She should pickle some pods with hot peppers to make the Texas fingers that Neil loved to eat with cheddar cheese and crackers.
There wasn’t time to think of everything. The next few days and the upcoming Labor Day weekend would rush by in a blur of arrivals and departures, distracted hugs and kisses, soggy towels and sandy grandchildren, beach baskets of squished sandwiches and bruised fruit, car loads of shopping, a constantly running washing machine trying to keep up with the limited clothing of the visitors, and ripening tomatoes, high up on their staked vines, demanding to be picked before they burst open and oozed red pulp and slick seeds. And Peter. Each time she had talked to her only son since Iraq’s invasion of Kuwait she had heard a tightness in his voice that worried her. It reminded her of canning. The ominous sound of the pressure cooker. But, stop thinking. Get home first. Home, then, the eggplant, then, the okra. No, first, the basil, next, the eggplant and, then, the okra.
Bett looked down at her hands tightly gripping the steering wheel. Although her nails were cut as short as a man’s and the skin on the backs of her hands was deeply tan, and although, by loosening her grip and sliding her palms along the indentations of the wheel, she could feel the pads of her calluses, and although the yellow of her wedding rings cut deep into the flesh of her finger and could no longer be removed, even with dish-soap, she thought that her hands looked too small and too soft to be able to accomplish the things that needed doing. As her car passed under the overhanging branches of a stand of old maples, the flashing of the shadow and sunlight, as fast as the black and yellow stripes of sun coming through a window fan, made her hands appear to be shaking. Her breath caught in the back of her throat a split second before the trees ended and full sunlight was restored. The intense light caused the diamonds on her hands to dance with scintillating energy. More precious than the four large diamonds, each representing a child, which Neil had given to her on their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary and the small solitaire of her engagement ring, which had belonged to his mother, was the wire thin band of her wedding ring. Shoveling snow, raking leaves, washing dishes, doing laundry, mopping floors, ironing, kneading dough, hugging, kissing, patting and an encyclopedia of other house-works had worn much of the ring away. The ring had never left her finger since the day that she and Neil were married.
Bett looked up from her rings in enough time to avoid the misshapen carcass of an opossum whose grey fur was dyed red in death. First things first. In all the rush of the next days, she must make time to collect the seed pods from the hollyhocks. The tightness around her eyes loosened at her memory of the hollyhocks at Opa and Oma’s in-town house. The small strip of yard which separated the carriage house from the wide board white fence along the alley had been given over to hollyhocks. In one album there was a picture of Bett holding cookies in one hand and Oma’s hand in her other. Oma towered over Bett and the hollyhocks in the background towered over Oma. Although she could not remember the occasion of the photograph, Bett could easily recall the wonder of the pink, red and burgundy blossoms reaching ten feet into the air.
The first autumn after she and Neil moved from Indiana to Brownford, an old mill town in the hills of western Massachusetts, they had received a set of eight Meissen egg cups from Oma. Each of the egg cups had been individually wrapped. Inside each cup were several of the peculiarly shaped hollyhock seed pods that always reminded her of a priest’s biretta. The seeds of Oma’s seeds had been producing flowers in Bett’s gardens for almost forty years.
Old-fashioned, single bloom hollyhocks were Bett’s favorite flower; double bloom hollyhocks were among her least favorite. She had plenty of both because her son Peter thought hollyhocks were hollyhocks. Every few years, when he couldn’t think of what else to give to her on Mother’s Day, he would buy a trunkful of plants. Invariably, there would be two or three double hollyhocks. After she had thanked him for his thoughtfulness, she would have to spend from July into October collecting the pods from the offending stalks before they had the chance to scatter their unnatural seeds. As she didn’t have the heart to uproot a volunteer and as it proved impossible to collect every double blossom seed pod, Bett had become resigned to having Oma’s beautiful pink, cerise, red, cream and burgundy blossoms, so carefully collected and tended over the years, mix with the fecund sog of the doubles. Bett had never been able to understand what kind of person, whether scientist or plant lover, would want to stretch the genetic boundaries of a hollyhock so that it produced a profusion of flowers that better belonged on a carnation or mum. The deeper colors of the doubles were so rich that they dyed her hands and stained her khakis when she collected their pods and protected their unwelcome stalks by tying them to the fence. Worse, the double blossoms so quickly turned to pulp. After a shower or a day or two of muggy weather, the blossoms were like the rain-soaked aftermath of a tissue flower homecoming float. Soft, soggy, and bleeding color.
Although Bett normally planted hollyhock seeds in the fall, she thought this year she should collect the seeds and put them into labeled jars. Just in case. That way there would be no need for arguing. There would be plenty of seed to go around for her children.
Bett thought that children were like hollyhocks. Their colors mutated over time. They became what they became. The outside world hit the inside. No one could guess the result. Less than a year in Vietnam had changed Peter more than all the years he had lived with them. The DES had altered Nita in so many ways. It seemed so random. Engrossed in the capriciousness of parenting, Bett was forced to hit the brake pedal hard at the sharply curved merge of Dana Road and Route 1. The tires squealed against the hot asphalt. First things first. The cleome seeds had to be gathered by color. The light green feathers of the fennel would have to be snipped so that it could be made into the pesto that was so good with scallops and shrimp. There should be time to collect the seed heads, which resembled a burst of fireworks, and harvest the seeds that she used in tomato sauces and Christmas cookies. At season’s end, she could pull up the plants, lop the stalks into eighteen inch lengths, then, bundle them. Few things tasted better than just-caught bluefish grilled over sweet smoking, water-soaked fennel stalks. The rosemary, sage and lemon balm needed to be dug up from the herb garden, potted and brought inside if they were to survive the winter. The glads needed to be dug, the bulbs dried, and the old corms picked off before they were stored. As soon as there was a hard frost, the dahlia roots would need to come in to be stored in the root cellar in cantaloupe crates lined with newspaper. Neither Neil nor the kids would know, so she should label the crates by color. Then, she needed…
Without checking her rear view mirror, Bett braked abruptly before swerving into the breakdown lane. She pulled the car half off onto the verge while being careful to avoid a patch of blooming fireweed, its hot pink flowers somewhat muted by a thin covering of dust, and a large clump of gone-by lazy susans whose burry heads were crooked over as if in hung in shame.
First things first.
First things and second things and third things had rarely been a problem for Bett Koster. A million things could need doing and, invariably, she would know which should come first and next and last. When she was no more than a child of five she had been praised for her common sense by Oma. Often during their marriage, Neil had thrown up his hands in surrender at some project, such as assembling a gas grill or baby crib or repacking boxes of Christmas ornaments. He would step back, shrug his shoulders, then, nod his head in encouragement as he said, “C’mon, help me, you’re the expert.” Bett could almost believe that it was true. She instinctively knew how to hold a baby or a bazaar for the church. She knew how to graciously seat a dinner party of ten and, just as graciously, unseat a short-sighted PTA committee member. Without knowing how she knew, she could to adjust the brake on a bicycle and the choke setting on a lawnmower. The many details of her daughter Dilly’s wedding had settled into her head in their natural order. The timing of a Christmas dinner would come to her without any prompting. It was easy to believe that she had been born competent. And, it was that long natural familiarity with competence which made the scattered, topsy-turvy feelings that she had been having as she drove through the rippling mirages of a heated highway so disquieting.
Bett rubbed her calluses against the ridge of the steering wheel. This was too quick. Falling in love with Neil had taken many months. There had been no sudden infatuation, but rather a comfortable friendship that had gradually transformed itself into a different kind of intimacy. The birth of each of her children had taken three seasons. Oma and Opa had had years of declining health before they died within four months apart. Only her parents’ deaths, when their month-old Buick collided with a truck loaded with hay on the curve of a graveled road, had been quick, but she, just turned three, had been just as quick to recover. With the exception of her parents’ deaths, all of the momentous events in her life had taken much longer than a moment to occur.
Dr. Maurer had called it a mass. He had lifted her right breast and made her feel its spheric presence deep inside her flesh. She had gone in for an eleven o’ clock appointment to have her yearly check-up. It was past eleven thirty before Dr. Maurer and the nurse who had weighed her and taken her blood pressure had come into the examination room. As Dr. Maurer looked through her file, he had teased her about whether eighteen months between visits qualified as a yearly exam. She had teased back that whenever she was free, his dance card seemed to be full. They had conducted the polished question and answer routine of a busy doctor and a healthy patient. No. No, no, yes, no. Yes. Yes. Each answer was barely out of her mouth before the doctor’s next question began. As the physical exam began, Dr. Maurer made small murmurs of approval which reminded Bett of the noises Queenie made when she was sleeping. She pushed away the thought, which made her want to snort, by concentrating on the warm dry fingers of Dr. Maurer.
The doctor looked into her eyes and ears. Mmmmm. He touched a mole on her deeply tanned cheek. Yes, she knew that so much sun wasn’t good. Mmmmm. He depressed her tongue. Mmmmm. He rolled his fingers against the nodes of her neck. Mmmmm. He asked her to lie back. In the process of kneading the flesh of her right breast, his sounds of contentment stopped. His fingers pushed harder into her as he worked the same area over and over. With his head bent down close to her breast as if he were trying to see through the skin to what he was feeling, with his head bent down so far that Bett could not see his eyes, Dr. Maurer said, in a voice so soft that it took her a moment to realize what it was that she had heard,
“You have a mass. Did you know you have a lump? We’ll need to have that checked out. It’s not a big one. Most lumps are nothing to be worried about, but we need to be sure.”
Bett wondered why Dr. Maurer chose to use the first person plural pronoun. Why did he think that he also needed to have this “mass” checked out? How would it affect his life? When he stood back up, she tried to read what was in Dr. Maurer’s eyes, but she could see nothing more than a direct gaze of calm good will. He reached down for her hands which had knotted themselves to the sides of the examination table.
“Here, let me show you.”
Bett unclenched her fingers and allowed her hands to be drawn to her breast. Even before she touched herself, she thought she could distinguish the foreignness of the thing inside her. It seemed so separate from who she was that she was surprised she hadn’t noticed it before. It felt as though there was a gap between it and the flesh around it, as if her normal cells were trying to make way for the stranger. When Bett’s fingers found the resistance it did not feel as she thought it would. She had expected it to feel more like a crocus bulb. She thought “mass” was a good name for the amorphous otherness she was feeling. She could envision a bunch of fibers all clotted together. She could imagine it looking like the kind of thing she had often pulled from a clogged drain, except that it would be red. Her fingers massaged the resistance for a long while with the same inquisitiveness that a tongue has for the rough edge of a crumbling filling.
“Feel it?”
“Yes.”
“Why don’t we see if we can get you in for a picture today? Jenny can call Rhode Island Radiology, just down the road, to see if they can squeeze you in.”
As she stared at Jenny, who was smiling and nodding her head in agreement, Bett wondered whether Dr. Maurer had intended the pun. As he felt her other breast, Dr. Maurer kept up a conversation as if he needed to keep himself busy.
“You don’t strike me as a worrier, but even non-worriers have been known to worry about a lump. Sometimes if they find the lump themselves, they worry so much that they put off doing anything about it. Do you have some time today?”
Flipping through magazines in the waiting room Bett had been peeved that her appointment had not started on time. There were very few days in Bett Koster’s life that were not filled with things to do; however she could accept that things didn’t always go according to plan.
“Some of my tomatoes expected to be canned today. I guess they’ll just have to understand.”
“Good. That’s the spirit. You didn’t notice it before?”
Although she knew that it was more her guilt than his tone, Bett felt that Dr. Maurer was accusing her.
“No. I’m not one for avoiding an issue. If I had found it, I would have called you immediately.”
“Well, sometimes people don’t. Have you been doing a breast self-exam?”
Bett wished that Dr. Maurer hadn’t asked that question. She knew that if he were to look at her at that moment, she would have a difficult time meeting his gaze.
“When I remember, I do.”
“Do you remember the last time that you examined yourself?”
“No, I’m afraid I don’t. I really don’t. I think it’s been a long time.”
Dr. Maurer heard the self-accusation in her voice. Without looking up, he said, “Sometimes, these things are hard to spot. This one’s pretty deep and not that big. Even if you’d given yourself an exam, you might have missed it.
“Let’s finish up. Then, while you’re dressing, Jenny can make a call. We’ll find out what their schedule is. Even though I’m one of the partners over there, it doesn’t always mean very much until it’s time to pay the taxes or replace some equipment.”
As he continued with his probing, Dr. Maurer kept up a monologue rather than the murmuring that he had done before.
“We doctors aren’t so privileged, you know. Do you know Dr. Willette? He’s a G.P. Practices in Ashcoheag? His wife, she’s a Betty, too, is a nurse who became a beautician. What’s a beautician, now? A stylist. She became a stylist after nursing wore her out. Now, don’t get any funny ideas, Jenny. He told me last week that he has to make an appointment with her at her shop to get his hair cut. If you know this man, it’s only cut, not styled. His wife told him that she doesn’t like to bring her scissors home. He told me that he reciprocates. He doesn’t make house calls, even at his own.”
Holding the first two fingers of each hand together, the physician made a series of small gestures to indicate that it was time for Bett to pull her knees up. She preferred Dr. Maurer’s silent signaling to the method that of Dr. Pearlman, who had been her obstetrician during the years in Massachusetts when she and Neil were having their four children. Dr. Pearlman, in his best Bronx accented version of a western drawl, would say something along the lines of “C’mon, cowpoke, there’s cattle to drive. Get them boots back in the stirrups.”
It seemed to Bett that Dr. Maurer was especially careful about making sure that the speculum was warm; however she was so tense that it took some time and pain before it was in place.
As she had done during many previous exams, as a tired mother would a child, Bett pushed her mind out the door to wander until the pelvic exam was over.
Licorice black dirt cascaded from the back of a rusted red dump-truck with the sheeshing sounds of brushes sliding on cymbals. Clots of mushroom smelling loam made thumps and mushroom shaped clouds of dust under the May, Monday after Mother’s Day, cirrus-streaked blue sky. Twelve yards of screened soil, a gift of three yards from each child, to build up the thin, taffy-colored earth of their new cove-side home. A hot spring sun baked deep into cheeks stretched tight in joy. No flowers for Mother’s Day. But, the means for unending flowers. Draw deep the fecund yeast that will raise up petals of every shape and hue. Drive a dull-edged spade, banged too long against meager, ochrous clay, ten inches deep into dirt as dark and fine and heady, as exhilarating, as Italian roast coffee. Drive it as deep as a spade’s blade would reach into Opa’s bottomland. Wave the truck away impatiently. Fill full the gimp-legged wheelbarrow. Roll it toward the starving beds. Nurse Bett. Nurse Bett. Here. No, here, first. Me, first. Dump the swaying load. Lavish it on as thick as birthday cake icing. No niggardly powdered sugar sprinkling. Wastrel. Spendthrift. Pile it on. Feed the tangled roots self-strangling in their search for sustenance. Tug and tug the coiled rope until blackened sweat slides down your winter white nape. Pull and choke and choke and pull until life roars in the roto-tiller. Drive deep the shiny tines into the cemented clay. Crumble it. Crush it. Ravage it. Raze it. Break down this fortress trying to protect its pittance of remaining wealth. Break down its paltry glue. Hold fast with freckled fat arms until new black and old tan muddle into rich chocolate brown, until soil fills your boots and nostrils, until the air is blue with oily exhaust, until a baptism of spring sweat christens your brow and wets your lips, drips off your face and collects and cools in the glen of your heaving breasts.
The vacuum as Dr. Maurer withdrew his finger from her rectum pulled Bett back into her examination. She heard a galoshes sound as he removed the latex gloves. She lay still as her examiner pulled the extension out from the end of the table. After Bett removed her heels from the stirrups, Dr. Maurer felt her knees and rotated her ankles before pulling on each of her toes. When he asked her if any of her many varicose veins ached more than usual, Bett replied that she had not noticed any difference. As soon as she said it, however, she wished she hadn’t. She thought that it sounded as though she were chiding him for questioning her about the breast self-exam.
“We’re done. Everything seems fine. We’ll be back in a minute. Go ahead and get dressed.”
Dr. Maurer went through the door at a rapid pace. Jenny smiled at Bett before following him out. As soon as the door closed, Bett touched her fingers to her breast to feel the thickening. She felt a queer need to talk to the lump as she would to a baby or to any obstreperous life—a whining child, Queenie tugging on her leash at the beach, a cormorant shrieking that it should have the highest point of a small rock to dry its wings, a morning glory pushing through the palisade to open its blossoms on the far side of the fence. Bett whispered as she dressed herself.
“You want a life. Of course, you do. We all do. But you didn’t pick a very good spot for a home. You should think about a move. A nice move. How’s that sound? Sssshhhh. Stay sleepy. Don’t waken. Be good. Stay sleepy.”
In the many minutes between the time she finished dressing and when Dr. Maurer returned, Bett listened intently to the muffled sounds from the rest of the building in order to crowd out the silence of the examination room. A toilet flushed; a faucet ran; two women’s voices resonated back and forth in imitation of cicadas’ drone. As the minutes passed, Bett began to feel better. She was sure that if Dr. Maurer thought the mass were cancerous, he would have been too solicitous to have kept her waiting. After more waiting the thought began to form that the wait was occurring because Dr. Maurer was insisting to someone that her condition dictated she be seen immediately.
Bett started when the door burst open.
“Jenny got you in. You can go over now and they’ll squeeze you into their schedule. You’ll have to wait awhile, but they promised to take care of you. After you’re done over there, come back here and we’ll take a look. Okay? Any questions?”
“Will the mammogram tell you definitely what’s going on?”
“No technique gives us all the information that we’d like. But everything helps.”
“Do I carry the film back with me?”
“That’s the easiest way. I’ll see you in a little bit.”
Touching Bett’s shoulder, Dr. Maurer said, “I’m glad that we can get this taken care of today.” With the lightest of touches, he propelled her toward the door. As he opened the door for her, he handed her a small piece of paper.
“Here’s the order. I’ll see you later. Be patient. The wheels of medicine tend to grind a little slowly.”
Outside the door, Jenny smiled unwaveringly when Bett thanked her for her help.
She reached for the ignition key. She needed to get home. There were a million things to do. First things first. After looking at the film, Dr. Maurer had suggested that, given the holiday, there might be a good chance to schedule a biopsy for later in the week. She had told him she didn’t have a free moment until Labor Day was past. Children and grandchildren would begin descending in a few days.
Although Bett had not known it when he first guided her fingers to the lump, nor had she quite known it when Dr. Maurer pointed out its ghostly outlines on the mammogram, now she was sure, in the reassuring storm of passing cars, in the steady warmth of the drifting sun, in the unchanging smell of her car, in the steadiness of her brown sausage fingers that the mass meant her no harm. Bett was sure that if the mass were trying to hurt her, some aspect of her world would have changed.
From the time she was a tiny girl riding a tricycle up and down the elm-lined sidewalks around her grandparents’ home, Bett had known which barking dogs were threatening and which were not. She always knew which cats could be held and which could not. She had never been bitten or scratched. Nothing had changed. The mass was benign. She was fine. She was sure. The eggplant needed to be picked. Bett started her car. First things first.



Chapter 2


Why was it that, each day, a child’s growing competence caused a loss in a mother’s freedom? Each day her child grew and each day a mother’s freedom to hold, to hug, to kiss, to clean, to feed, to cool or warm, to bed or wake shrank. The freedom to teach, to inform, to shape, to pad and prod grew smaller. Each day, ties going, gone. A child learned to loop a shoestring, to make a little knot, and a mother’s life unraveled. Why?
As Dilly Koster-Phelps flipped clean underwear onto five piles with the precision of a blackjack dealer, she tried to push away her maternal fears. She and the kids would leave for her parents’ waterfront home early Friday morning. The children would need an extra pair of underwear on Friday, two pairs each for Saturday and Sunday and Labor Day, and one additional pair in case they went swimming more than once on one of those days. Her husband Bill wouldn’t leave Massachusetts for the Rhode Island shore until Saturday or, possibly, even Sunday. For Bill, work was more important than family. Three pairs for him. Dilly wasn’t really sure how many pairs to take for herself, but it really didn’t matter. If she ran out, she’d do as she’d always done and borrow a pair from her mother.
Dilly and Bett were the same size—short, and the same shape—zaftig. They had the same golden brown eyes, smudged nose, heavy jaw and wattled neck. Dilly’s hair was cut in the same short, curly, no-bother style that Bett had worn for decades. Although they shared many physical characteristics, their mouths were different. Bett’s was mostly welcoming; Dilly’s was mostly determined. As her hands flew back and forth from the laundry basket to the piles on the bed, sorting underwear and balling socks, Dilly planned her campaign.
Her father was overweight and overworked. His blood pressure must be too high and his fiber intake too low. The blood pressure could give him a stroke or heart attack in seconds. Without the fiber he could develop diverticulosis, have it flare up into diverticulitis, perforate his intestinal wall and be dead from peritonitis in hours. Dilly could almost see the triglycerides floating through his body looking for a natural narrowing of an artery to begin a blockage. He ate eggs and cheese and red meat and butter as if he had not read a newspaper or watched television in twenty years. She knew that if she were to show up unannounced on a winter evening she would catch her parents eating plates of pork hocks and kraut, or boiled ham and cabbage, or beef tongue and spaetzle in cream, or roast pork or veal with kartoffelkuchen—a pudding made up of potatoes, cream, butter, ham, ground sausage, embolism, infarction and death. Eating a serving of kartoffelkuchen was the same as ripping a month from the calendar of life.
Dilly Koster-Phelps measured things from their ends. She didn’t record the weight that she had lost; she concentrated on the pounds that remained between herself and her goal. When she jogged, she started with five miles to go and counted her progress as a launch controller at NASA might. Four and one half. Four. Three and one half. Three. Dilly thought that the system used to keep track of age was inane. A birthday only recorded what life had been lived. What was much more important was how much life was left. To Dilly, it made more sense to use life expectancy as a substitute for birthdays. She was sure that if people knew their Life Expectancy, it would make them much more careful of how they lived their days.
Under Dilly’s system, which she had worked on over the years while doing dishes or laundry, each child would begin its life with an actuarial-based Life Expectancy. A white girl would begin with an L.E. of seventy-eight; a black girl would get a seventy-three. A white boy would start with seventy-one probable years, while a black boy would begin with sixty-four. The child’s L.E. would be adjusted depending upon behavior. A white teenage girl, who had been living a healthy life for fifteen years, could celebrate her fifteenth birthday and sixty-third life expectancy day one year. If, however, she began to smoke in the following year, then, making the assumption that she would continue to smoke, she would celebrate her sixteenth birthday but an L.E of only fifty-five. By using Dilly’s system, a new smoker would not be allowed to ignore the knowledge that each cigarette cost her five and one half-minutes of life. She would be forced to recognize that, on average, smoking would cost her seven years of life. If the same girl chose to drink, or live on French fries and sausage and pepper grinders, then more years would be subtracted. Dilly was absolutely positive that her system would make individuals both more aware and more responsible for their health.
Dilly had spent many a laundry day working through examples of her system. Everything was worked out except the exact mechanism for assigning the L.E.s. She was leaning toward it becoming one of the primary responsibilities of the public health system. It would, of necessity, have to be an intrusive system, but she was sure that the rewards in longevity would be worth the cost in privacy.
Dilly was positive that her father did not have long to live. At age sixty-six, Neil Koster’s L.E. should be sixteen years, but she doubted whether she could, in good conscience, give him more than three or four more years. This woefully short time was the reason for her mission. She was going to spend her Labor Day holiday doing the things necessary to recover the lost years of her father’s life.
After she finished folding and sorting the laundry, Dilly arranged the separate stacks of socks and underwear on the long trestle table in the dining room which she always used as a staging area for trips. She laid out the different-colored backpacks of her three children. She began arranging stacks of clothes on top of each backpack. This was the kind of work that led to her best thinking.
Dilly had spent much of her adult life discovering and working through the complex equations of human life. She avidly scanned newspapers and magazines and spent hours listening to daytime television to keep up with the scientific discoveries that affected life’s equations. Additional linkages of cigarettes to lung cancer and heart disease, stronger correlations between alcohol and stomach and pancreatic cancer, and more findings on the relationship between cholesterol and atherosclerosis were always exciting news. Even more thrilling could be a report that a study in The New England Journal of Medicine, or some other well-respected scientific journal magazine, showed some important variable had been misread. A sudden reversal, from something positive to something negative, was especially satisfying. Something in Dilly’s soul was sated by scientific betrayal. Milk was bad. Eggs were bad. Hard-bristled toothbrushes were bad. She had been ecstatic upon reading a report that detailed the hazards of eating too much spinach. Spinach had high concentrations of oxalic acid, an agent used to clean the insides of automobile radiators and bleach laundry. It was an exquisite shock to find an article delineating the dangerous levels of afflatoxin, a naturally occurring carcinogen, in such a politically righteous food as George Washington Carver’s peanuts. An investigative report of people dying from fiber blockages in their colons from eating too much bran was as heady for Dilly as finding Communists had been for Joe McCarthy. Life’s dangers were everywhere. Food and habits, long trusted, could be traitors. A mother and wife’s constant vigilance were necessary to protect a loved one’s life, even one who thought that work was more important than family.
With each new bit of information that she gathered, Dilly would recalculate the life expectancies of her family members. Wound warm in her ratty robe, drinking double strength coffee, syrupy thick with family-forbidden sugar, filled with a horrible excitement, she would read the latest health dangers in the Boston Globe. While her husband still slept, close to suffocation under the pounds and pounds of covers which had mounded their winter bed since the discovery of the microwave hazards of electric blankets, Dilly would process the new threats and recalculate Bill’s remaining years. Reading the latest betrayal—spinach, for example—she would reduce Bill’s remaining time on earth downward from 41.2 to 40.6 years. She would mourn his earlier death, work through the implications of how her own life would change with widowhood coming six tenths of a year earlier, and brush away any guilt from having fed her family such copious quantities of spinach—a vegetable all of them, except Uppy the rabbit, detested.
Dilly adjusted the lives and habits of her family as a good captain would trim his sails with a shifting wind. When the news broke that lead in the soil could be brought indoors on the soles of shoes and build up in the carpeting to dangerous concentrations, the captain enjoined her crew and all passengers to remove their shoes at the door. As her shoeless hyper-energetic children slid on the uncarpeted floors concussing heads, contusing bones and bruising major muscle groups, and as they tore fingernails making desperate lunges for a doorframe after coming around a corner too quickly, Dilly reveled in the knowledge that by preventing lead poisoning, she not only was giving her children additional L.E. but also, because of the known cumulative effects of lead on the brain, higher grades in school. Better grades led to higher lifetime earnings. Studies had shown that fewer money problems meant a lower probability of divorce. Since divorce and a shorter life were highly correlated, Dilly added even more L.E. to her kids totals. When the reports began on the deadly killer, radon gas, emanating upward through the basement floors in the homes of unsuspecting New Englanders, Dilly bought each member of the family a pair of the cheapest sneakers. These shoes were to be used exclusively for walking inside the house. The shoes’ wafer-thin soles were supposed to protect the wearer from the radiation given off as the earth’s radium disintegrated. A side effect of the radon cure, that was of some importance to Dilly’s children, was that their athletic careers improved as the number of practice days lost to house fall injuries dropped significantly. The sneakers stayed a part of the family L.E. regimen until a small study, one that Dilly almost missed, showed a strong link between the early use of poorly constructed sneakers and serious long term posture problems. When she brought that information to the dinner table, her children suggested that the solution be that they be given expensive sneakers, but when Dilly fed the information of purchasing sixty dollar sneakers for three children with growing feet into the L.E. equation, the answer that came out was that outdoor shoes again could be worn in the house. The family would make up the L.E. loss from lead in other ways. The kids’ chore list was changed to include more frequent, more thorough vacuuming of the house’s few rugs until some research indicated that vacuuming actually had the possibility of spreading lead dust.
With the same sense of safety that knowledge brings to the smoking cardiologist and the obese school nutritionist, Dilly fine-tuned her family’s lives without being overly involved herself in the various regimens. As she replaced beloved childhood cereals with brownish-gray extrusions of bran, as she banned butter and bacon and issued ukases on safflower margarine and red and white-dyed soybean ersatz bacon strips, as she added prodigious amounts of such carotene-rich foods as carrots and cantaloupe and squash, and cancer-killing cruciferous vegetables such as mustard greens, kale and broccoli, and as she restricted red meat to such an extent that it seemed to her family that cattle must be an endangered species, Dilly herself, with her children safely away at school, smashed chunks of baking chocolate into bite size pieces for her lunch. After scooting her children out the door for more fresh air, having fed them a worm-scarred, alaric-free organic apple as dessert, she would concoct herself a post-prandial paste of milk, vanilla and powdered sugar into which she crumbled hunks of a frozen graham cracker crust. The crust was one which was kept in the freezer for special occasions, which never came, except for Dilly. Although she wore her street shoes in the house, and although her appetite for high cruciferous, carotene and fiber rich meals was small because of all the white foods that she secretly wolfed down on the short ride home from the grocery or while hiding in the gloom of the laundry room, or, occasionally, even ate in the sanctuary of the bathroom, and although her four times a week five mile jog rarely covered more than two and was apt to be more a contemplative stroll, and even though she was more than thirty pounds overweight on a five foot two inch frame, and even though her cholesterol level stayed above three hundred despite all the thinking that she did about it and even though her blood pressure was 145/110, Dilly knew that her L.E. was excellent. She could transcend her own theories because she, like her mother, had good genes. Dilly never doubted that she and her mother would outlive their husbands. The only question was how long they would be a widowed. In order to rescue her mother from a long widowhood, it was Dilly’s intention to sacrifice her well-deserved vacation by using the Labor Day family reunion to fix her father’s life.
Dilly collected health disasters with the same dedication others brought to baseball cards or Hummel figurines. As she packed, she reviewed her collection with the object of finding those with the most potential impact upon her father…the carcinogens being created at the barbeque grill he insisted on using for almost every summer meal. It would be a nice retirement for him to be sitting in a hospital with drains gurgling from where his tumor-ridden stomach had been removed…round worm eggs hanging from the tips of every blade of grass, just waiting for the precise moment that his lymphatic systems weakened enough to invade the body and settle in their favorite places—the eyes and brain. Stupid, blind and drooling. Was that the husband he wished to be? …Shellfish toxins, capable of paralyzing or passing on hepatitis that were sure to be carried in the quahogs and mussels that he gathered in the cove. His muscles locking up as he was driving along the traffic-congested lanes of Route One with God only knew how many grandchildren in the car. No one ate shellfish anymore. No one. Especially not raw.
This time, Dilly promised herself, she would be as adamant as Christ had meant Peter to be. She would be a rock. The gates of hell would not prevail. The killing must stop. As she accessorized the kids’ piles of clothing with flip-flops, learning-enhancing books, and politically-correct toys, she mentally listed the foods that would not be allowed this time. Hot-dogs. Hamburgers, if grilled. Sausages, whether kielbasa, Italian, linguica or chorizo, unless made from turkey. Potato chips. Potato salad , unless made with yogurt. Baked beans if made with the Koster family recipe using big chunks of nitrosamine and cholesterol-laden bacon.
As a just reward for finishing the children’s packing more than seventy-two hours before embarkation, Dilly climbed up on the kitchen stool to dig out the marshmallows. She prized loose four of the units which were as hard and white as the rubber ends of doorstoppers. Two she frosted with lavish dollops of peanut butter. Over the years, the threat of being caught had taught Dilly Koster how to bolt her treats with the same acumen as a dog would a scrap of steak fat; however given the inherent unchewability of the hardened marshmallow and with the addition of a huge glob of viscid peanut butter, these treats could only be savored. Dilly’s eyes rolled back as she rolled the adamantine confection around in her mouth seeking some slight fissure or weakness where her teeth could gain purchase. As a snake, after swallowing a large prey, seeks safety, Dilly lifted the phone receiver off its base during her minutes of incapacitation. The muscles at the back of her jaw ached from working hard to muster up enough fluid to dissolve or digest what was nearly indigestible. The second two marshmallows were easier to eat after she hacked them into halves with a ten inch chef’s knife and lubricated them with a thick coating of Karo syrup. Ever the analyst, Dilly noted that while the syrup-coated variety could be eaten much faster than the peanut butter version, they took longer to clean up. Her syrup-coated tongue, quickly becoming as thick and flaccid as a drunk’s as the sugar raced to her brain, traced her lips several times with no discernible removal of the stickiness. Finally, she wiped her mouth hard with her hand and licked the last of the sweetness from her palm.
With the pleasure of her small sin over, Dilly looked at the kitchen clock to see how much longer it would be before her neighbor Laura brought her two and Dilly’s three children home from the day program at Camp Gustavus.
From the moment that her youngest, Kate, had started school the previous fall, Dilly had pined for summer and the return of little ones to do for. Unlike her mother, Dilly took little satisfaction from being useful with things. Her deepest pleasures came from being useful to those around her, even when those chosen few would have willingly foregone some of Dilly’s helpfulness.
When eleven year old Jessie, a mash of tomboy and princess, had deigned to begin school six years before, Dilly had had Roger, the Artful Dodger, then three, and newborn Kate left at home. When the Dodger flew out the door to bring his pulsating personality to an unsuspecting and unprepared room of classmates, she still had the recalcitrant Kate to shape and mold. But, the previous fall, when Kate had gone, tearless, with a waggly wave as she pulled herself up the bus steps, Dilly found her satisfaction in the day and her life to be greatly shrunk.
Dilly had kept herself as busy as before. She did because she should, but she no longer knew the basis of the shoulds. Dilly discovered that good works—laundry, vacuuming, dishes, dusting, or ironing—without an audience was just drudgery. Doing household chores without children around was like being a straw boss without a crew.
Throughout the year Dilly had discussed having another child with Bill. She argued that, at thirty-eight, she wasn’t too old. The statistics on Down’s syndrome babies and other age-related pregnancy complications didn’t become really bad until after the mother was forty. He argued that they needed time to prepare for their retirement. If they had another child, they would be over sixty before that child graduated from college. When would they ever save? What would they do when they were old? When was it their turn? Bill couldn’t comprehend why she would want to take a step backward. Why would she want to refill the house with daytime noise just after it had become quiet for the first time in eleven years?
Too many discussions had turned their words bitter. Bill wanted his future secure; Dilly wanted her present insured. Dilly knew that she needed to make a decision. She didn’t know what to do with all the fear and anger. A year of holding in. There were days when it felt as if the pressure of what she contained would rip her skin loose from her muscles. She could imagine hearing the wheesh of the escaping emotions.
Dilly Koster had had built her life upon righteousness and being right. She had spent her life’s energy convincing others that she knew what was right for them. In Dilly’s thinking Bill had been lost when she first met him. She had given him purpose and direction. When her children were young and had come to her for answers, she had provided them. When they had slowed in their requests, she had sought them out and answered things not asked. She needed to help. She knew what was right. She had always known. Until now.
In the last months, she had found that a lifetime of having all the answers had made it difficult to ask questions. She was finding that being so adept at solving others problems, even those that they failed to recognize, did little to help her solve her own.
Leave? Give in? Accept? Change? Push Bill out? Pull him in? Push desire out? Change it? Adopt? Finish the degree? Teach? Day care? Nurse? Divorce?
Dilly had been mothering something ever since she was a tiny child. It had made no difference whether it was her progeny or not, whether of her species or not, whether it had porcelain body, snag-looped terrycloth stuffed with batting, a coat of fur and burrs, or the pinkest sweetest smelling skin. Dilly Koster had mothered so much that she had forgotten how to be a child. She had become so enamored of the heart-pounding rush of relieving an infant’s hunger, of healing hurt, of answering questions that she had forgotten how to tend her own wounds or feed herself beyond stale marshmallows and pie crust. Being ever the parent and never the child, questions came hard for Dilly and answers weren’t heard.
A car pulled up and stopped. Doors slammed and excited voices carried in and swept away Dilly’s thoughts of loss. She hurried to the front of the house. She spread her feet wide and opened her arms in anticipation. Waiting eagerly, she ran through her orders of the day.
Sun-flushed daughters and son came through the doorway in the order of their ages. Each held a limp sausage of damp towel rolled around a wet bathing suit. All three grabbed a quick hug from Dilly before veering off in all directions as if they were planes in an aerial show.
“Put those wet towels in the laundry room. Hang those suits on the line.
“Jessie, honey, Jessie, try to get a brush through that mop. Did you hang your head out the window all the way home?”
“Dodger, Dodger, Uppy is going to be in bunny heaven soon if you keep forgetting to feed him. He’s so weak a tortoise could race right by him today.
“Oh Kate, my Kate, I’m raising a raisin who’s going to grow up to be a wrinkled prune. You’re going to look like Mother Theresa before you’re twelve. Honey, didn’t you put on any sun-block at all? Jessie, I’m holding you responsible for Kate’s nose. If hers falls off because it’s so burned, the cost of a new one’s coming out of your allowance. Kate, precious Kate, go grease it with something. Anything. Crisco. Lemon oil. Put a piece of bacon on it. Anything. Oh, baby, if it peels we’re going to have to leave it home when we go to Mop and Pop’s this weekend. How far did you swim today? To China?”
“Almost, Mummy.”
Kate rubbed her slightly reddened nose in the soft cotton shirt and softer flesh of her mother’s belly before running toward the back of the house to rid herself of her laundry.
“Kate?”
A pause.
“Kate?”
From the back of the house came a voice edged with suspicion, “Yes, Mummy?”
“Can you pick us some very, very pretty flowers for dinner?”
“Yes, Mummy.”
The conversation continued for another minute as, yelling back and forth through the walls and rooms that separated them, Dilly defined very, very pretty and Kate reluctantly agreed that the round, reddish, spiky head of a petal-less gaillardia was not pretty.
As she walked to the kitchen to prepare dinner, Dilly, surrounded by noise and filled with purpose, felt as momentarily joyous as a junkie with a fix.



Chapter 3


Nita Koster, Dilly’s thirty-three year old sister, wished that Dan Herlick, the lawyer sitting opposite her at the small scarred conference table, would fix his collar. Herlick was so intent upon showing his clients how masterful he was he hadn’t even noticed that the left tab of his unbuttoned collar tab was jabbing his throat every time he gesticulated. Normally, a residential real estate closing might take forty-five minutes. This one was pushing two hours.
The house inspection had been fine. There were no termites, over-fused circuits or rotting sills. The title was fine. There were no loan-shark lien-holders or resurrected third-cousins-once-removed or descendants from some east coast Indian chief waiting in the wings to attach the property. The walk-through had been fine. Nita’s clients, the Furgesses, had not removed the plumbing, cut down the hallway chandelier, jacked up and carted away the garage, dug up the lilacs and roses, or peeled the sod from the yard. The settlement sheet should have been fine. The Furgesses had contributed the right amounts of money to pay for their share of the real estate taxes, and the water and sewerage bills. The only thing that wasn’t fine was that it was Dan Herlick doing the closing.
When Nita had learned that the Cannaldos were using Herlick as their closing attorney, she had insisted that the closing be scheduled for late in the afternoon—the recording be damned. She didn’t want the heart of a day lost to the ego-puffing ramblings of the blue-eyed, square-jawed lawyer sputtering at her across four feet of table. Herlick opined. He insisted. He expostulated and interpleaded and enunciated. In all of the verbiage, the only thing that Nita felt that she need attend to was the violent spray accompanying Herlick’s words. His considered opinions, exploded with the force of a lawn-sprinkler, while not reaching Nita’s brain, were beginning to reach nearly across the table to her paperwork. As the half-moon of mist grew, first Nita and, then, the Furgesses pushed back their chairs from the table. After the file was safe, Nita let her mind wander.
Herlick was the type of lawyer who always represented himself first and his clients second. On a matter as routine as a real estate transfer, he would expound as if he were arguing a stay of execution in front of the Supreme Court. His untutored clients would leave the closing impressed by his combativeness while being unaware that he had fought a battle where there was no war.
As she leaned her chair further back to avoid all chance of being spattered by some particularly explosive p or b, Nita wondered how good a lawyer Herlick might have become if he had redirected all the time, energy, and brain power that he expended on theater into fighting real legal battles. Rather than spending the extra hour engaged in his present histrionics, rather than drinking, probably, every night, and schmoozing with other drinkers while looking for a DUI client, rather than cozying up to Readford’s cops for an accident report, if he had used that time for reading digests and developing arguments on cases that mattered, Nita guessed he might have become a decent attorney, instead of a blowhard getting by on looks and blather.
Nita rubbed her thumb and index finger together to relieve the desire that was building up inside her to reach across the table to button down the blue oxford collar point that was impaling Herlick’s fleshy neck. She forced her eyes away before fixing it became an idea too attractive to resist and tried to think about the work that she had to finish before she could leave for Clarke’s Cove on Friday night. She had three more closings and two appearances in Family Court in the next four days.
Whether measured by income or caseload, Nita Koster was a successful attorney. That she was successful as a real estate lawyer was no surprise to her. She had been a top student at Boston College’s law school. A bright, hard-working, well-educated lawyer should make a success of real estate law; however the same qualities when brought to family law gave no guarantees. In matters of divorce, distribution of property and the rights of children, hate, resentment, anger, threats and revenge were the standard accompaniments to the principles and practice of the law. Never married and childless, Nita counseled and cared for those who were leaving spouses or trying to hang onto children. There had been many times when that irony had left her fighting for breath and fighting off the feelings of being an imposter in the charged air of a courtroom.
To keep her hands from Herlick’s shirt, Nita once again parsed those feelings. She had gone on her first date at fourteen. In the nineteen years since then, she had yet to have what she would call a successful relationship. She had not dated much in high school, college, or law school. Then, when Nita was in her mid-twenties, men came and went in her life as fast as fashions. The weather changed and so did the man. As she passed into her thirties, the parade had slowed. Recently, she had rarely been asked to go out and when she had, most times, had said no. No marriage, no children, an abortion, and more than a dozen hello-I love you-good-by romances were either very good or very bad preparation for being a good divorce lawyer. Nita was never quite sure which it was.
Dan Herlick continued his obfuscations. When Nita looked up, she was sure that his face had grown even redder. His collar looked to be tighter around his neck. She dallied with the thought that Herlick’s head might be swelling up, like a balloon, from the heat of whatever fire caused his words to hiss and steam.
A high-crested comber of nausea erupted from the base of Nita’s her spine and rolled up through her organs. Being as discreet as the following crippling cramp would allow, Nita slid down in her chair before drawing her knees up as much as she could under the protection of the tabletop. She felt a second wave rise up from her belly, swell, then break just at the back of her throat.
If it had been a few years before, the pain would have driven her from the closing. Until the doctors in Boston had discovered, after much trial and error, that taking Naprosyn left Nita with periods that were only excruciating rather than unbearable, she had spent the onslaught of many menstrual cycles flat in the back seats of friends’ cars or cabs, crying and whispering “Hurry” on her way to the emergency room of a hospital, university health services, or, if the pain came during the day, one of many gynecologists she had seen over the years.
From her first period until her second year in law school the pain had been so bad that Nita had discovered that, from month to month, she never anticipated it. When the first blade cut deep into the nerve endings of her spine and ran white hot down her legs, its intensity always took her by surprise. She had heard how the pain of natural birth hurt so badly that it wasn’t memorable. Her periods had been the same way. She took each day as it came, happy and forgetful when the day was without pain.
The monthly agony was part of Nita’s heritage. She was a DES baby. Bett had miscarried three times before having her. After the third loss, her mother had asked for help. Her doctor had put her on diethylstilbestrol.
The professional part of Nita’s mind brought her gaze back from far beyond the room to look at Herlick and realize that it was time for her to tell him that her clients were willing to pay the overnight interest on the mortgage. He had spent most of an hour saving his clients less than forty dollars on the pro-rations. If her clients squabbled about the money, she would pay it. She just wanted the closing to be over so that she could go out to her car, turn the air conditioning on full blast, recline the seat back as far as it would go and have the luxury of cramping by herself in peace.
X-ed spots were signed. Notary stamps were impressed into documents. Checks were cut. Funds disbursed. The buyers stood. Nita eased herself from the chair. Hands were shaken. Smiles exchanged. Thanks given. She felt the lower part of her body try to twist itself away from its pain and toward the door; however it was held in check by her competitiveness. She stepped closer to Herlick.
“As usual, Dan, it’s been interesting working with you.”
As Nita’s hands reached for his collar, she said, “Here, let me get that for you before it does you more harm. For the want of a collar tab, the horse was lost.’
Herlick stared at Nita trying to understand whether she had done him a kindness or not. He pulled back a half step before giving her a tight smile that indicated he was becoming clear about her intentions. He brushed through the door in front of her. Nita thought he might be eager to cool a throat grown hot from the friction of an endless stream of words, or, maybe, his anger from her few words. Despite her pain, Nita smiled.
As he passed in front of her she thought that, from the back, Herlick did look like a horse’s ass. A large expanse of quivering flesh, a bar seat butt, sat atop long skinny legs. A spasm wrenched her. Involuntarily, she moaned. Herlick turned around.
“You okay?”
Nita waved him off.
Herlick walked back and put out his hand.
“Here, let me take that.”
Nita hesitated before giving him her briefcase.
“You don’t look too good. Food? Flu? Let me drop you off somewhere.”
Nita whispered, “No. I’m okay.”
“That’s perjury, counselor.”
“Really?”
“Where’s your car?”
She pointed.
Herlick wedged his arm under her elbow and walked her to her car.
“You want something cold? Why don’t you sit here and I’ll go find some water or something.”
“No, no, thanks. I’ll be fine.”
“Okay. It’s your call.”
“Thanks.”
“No sweat.”
“And sorry.”
“For what?”
“Back there. Being catty.”
“Cats aren’t bad. I like cats. Especially, when they purr. See you around, Koster.”
Nita sat back as still as possible against the warm leather seat as her car went through a digitized synthesized equivalent of Herlick’s nattering. She wondered about the culmination of American technological civilization being a narcissistic car eagerly relaying mostly useless information about itsﾁ seat belts, its fuel reserves, its temperature, and the status of its doors. Nita was more concerned with how she, rather, than the car, felt. She thought that if the automobile manufacturers were smarter they would install sensors that would measure the blood pressure, stress and pain levels of the car’s occupants and make some accommodations for those factors. How nice it would be to get into her car after a long horrible day and have it say, “Your fuel reserves are low. Eat a snack.” Or, “Your battery is low. Go right home and take a nap.” Or, “Your generator is malfunctioning. Go shopping. Treat yourself.” The voice chip could be etched with the digitized version of the owner’s mother’s voice. Whatever were the owner’s family bromides for anxiety, fatigue, or depression, they could be programmed onto the chip. Nita mused how, once in awhile, it would be nice to be told what to do. It would be welcome if, right now, her car were to tell her to go home to bed rather than to go back to the office to finish the rest of the day’s work that she had scheduled for herself.
As Nita lay back surrounded by the comforting hum the car made as it lowered its temperature, Nita thought of how nice it would be to have someone put cold compresses on her head and rub her stomach.
When Nita’s periods first began, the pain kept her in bed for, at least, one and, usually, two days each month. Bett would minister to her. It had become a ritual that every few months, as she rubbed away the spasms in Nita’s body, Bett would tell Nita how sorry she was. She had wanted another baby. She had done what the doctor had suggested. No one had known the problems that DES would cause. Nita would reassure Bett that one or two days of pain a month was a very small price to pay for such a wonderful mother. Bett would expiate; Nita would absolve. In all of the hours of intimacy, as the mother tended to the daughter’s pain and the daughter reciprocated, there had never been a moment so intimate that they discussed the fact, that eight years after Nita was born, Bett accidentally had become pregnant with Lise and had carried her to within two weeks of term without the help of DES.
The guilt each carried for the other’s hurt grew smaller after Nita found that Naprosyn relieved her worst pains. It grew smaller still the following year when Nita reached twenty-five, the magic cut-off point, without developing uterine cancer. For both, it had felt so good to have the guilt gone that they tiptoed around each other to prevent a recurrence. As Nita, free from fear, added entry after entry to her collection of men, as she passed thirty unmarried, as research grew stronger on the difficulty DES babies had in carrying their own babies to term, and, then, when she stopped going out with anyone, she and her mother talked of other things.
Despite the throbbing of her body, Nita was glad to be having the pain alone in her car rather than with her family at Clarke’s Cove. Being sick at home gave her a strange feeling. It was the same sense of aloof intimacy, of removed proximity, that she had when she was being crushed in a crowd of strangers in a subway car.
Nita considered how as she grew older more of life felt like a subway ride. As she drove to her office, she wondered at the price she paid to stay aloof, to stay safe. Inviolability was expensive. It protected her, but in the shadow of protection grew isolation. As her past grew longer and its tentacles rooted her, as they insinuated themselves into all that was to come, as the weight of her habits grew more immovable, would she end up cold, safe and alone? No one even to hold her arm. She was startled to hear a small anguished sound fill the car for just a moment before being absorbed into the plush upholstery. She pushed a button to let the late afternoon August heat rush inside.



Chapter 4


Lise Koster squinched her face into a tight knot of tanned and freckled flesh. Ever since she was a little girl, the youngest of four, always listening to more grown-up conversation, she had found squinching helped her to understand.
“So what’d you do?” she asked.
“I snarled back.”
Brad Denoit hunched his back. His mane of long black hair fell forward from his shoulders. The hair combined with the expanse of white teeth he had exposed by pulling back his lips gave him a feral look.
Lise tipped her blond curl-topped head sideways to offer up her jugular vein.
“What’d he do?”
“Turned tail. But, not for long. A few minutes later he was back again. I pretended not to notice. He got even closer this time. He must have been within a yard of my ankle.”
“That gives me the shivers.”
“He took another half-step. I whipped around and barked so loud my throat cracked.”
“Did he leave?”
“Not really. He went back out on the sidewalk. Shepherds can be so stupid. But, tenacious. He sat out there snarling. I’m trying to get my tent repacked, but every time bend over to make a fold, I can feel him getting ready to go for me. He kept snarling and inching closer. I gave up. Slammed into the house, got my forty-five, stuck it in my pants and came slamming back out.”
“You didn’t shoot him, did you? My God, Brad.”
Lise grabbed Brad’s tie-dyed tee-shirt sleeve to implore him that the story not end in the dog’s death.
“I came off the porch staring at him. He stared right back. A contest of wills. So be it. I pulled out the gun, kicked off the safety, chambered a shell and pointed it right at him. That gave him pause. He stopped snarling. He could tell something was different. I started walking toward him with the barrel lined up on his nose. When I was about five feet away he started up again.”
Brad growled.
“I took another step. The barrel was this close to his head.”
Lise dropped Brad’s sleeve and backed up two steps to get some distance from the tragedy that she knew was about to happen. Her voice broke as she asked, “And?”
“He started quivering. I don’t think he himself knew whether he was going to charge or run. I moved. Just inches. He barked. Kind of strangled. He moved. BOOM!”
“You killed him.”
“No. He’d chickened and ran. I shot past him. Blew a big chunk out of the street. His owner was down the street. He heard the sound. Looked up. And saw that pissant killer of his motivating hard toward home.”
“I can’t believe you shot a gun off in town. Yes, I can. You’re lucky he didn’t call the cops.”
Lise’s voice teetered between disgust and admiration.
“Hey, Lise, the guy a jerk.ﾁ He knew what the dog’s about. Probably trained him. He’s a skinhead. Probably has a lot of interesting ideas. Jack boots, uniforms and snarling dogs. He understands intimidation. If that dog’s not in my yard, he’ll be fine. You know, he’s not been back. If only students learned their lessons that well.”
Lise had closed up the distance between Brad and herself. She wrapped a small hand around part of his bicep.
“It was a nice lesson in that tent.”
A foot taller than Lise, Brad had to look down to find her eyes hidden under her mop of corn straw hair.
“We’ve reviewed your progress and you’re up for a merit badge, Scout.”
“I think I earned it. I know my camp craft.”
“You did. You do. And I need to earn my assistantship. I’ve got to get some work done on my lectures. I can’t believe classes start in a week. I still don’t know what I’m going to do in that ethics class.”
Lise stretched her mouth wide as if she had bitten into the alum of a grape seed.
“What’s the word I told you I never can remember? You know, the laundry soap one.”
“Oxymoron.”
“Yeah, that’s it.”
“Forget it, Lise. Business ethics isn’t one. Most business people are pretty straight. Academic ethics or professional ethics, like legal ethics, now, those are oxymorons. I’ve got to run. I’ll give you a call later.”
“Avoiding a discussion?”
“No, Lise. I’m just busy. If you hear a loud noise and see a chunk of road fly for sub-orbit, then, you can be sure I’m avoiding a discussion.”
Brad turned toward the door.
“Oh, I almost forgot. Did you talk to your dad?”
“About the bank stuff?”
“Yeah.”
“Yeah. He said fine. He said it wasn’t something that he knew a lot about, but he’d be happy to talk.”
“That’s great. Even if he doesn’t know that much, he’s sure to know some people who can help. This could be some great research. I’m excited. Thanks.”
Brad noticed Lise’s squint.
“What?” he asked.
“What about the mountains?”
“Either’s fine. You choose. I really gotta get moving.”
Lise growled at Brad’s back as he left the lab. A few minutes later she was staring into the eyepiece of the electron microscope without attending to any of the kaleidoscopic swirl of organic material caught on the slide. She fidgeted. She pulled her knees up high enough that she could wedge the heels of her sneakers on the top rung of the lab stool. The zebra-striped high top sneakers and black men’s socks looked incongruous with her white lab coat. Where the coat fell open, deeply tanned knees and thighs showed until they were covered by the black and silver spandex of a pair of bicycle pants. Lise pulled the collar tabs of her lab coat up higher so she put them into her mouth to chew. She always thought better when she was chewing on something.
Brad wanted to go to Rhode Island with her for Labor Day weekend. He wanted to meet her family, and talk to her dad. Lise wasn’t sure that was such a good idea. It might be too soon in the relationship to drop him into a vat of Kosters. Dilly would follow him around all weekend with a pair of scissors trying to trim his hair. Dilly’s husband, Bill, suspecting an inverse relationship between length of hair and intelligence, would ignore him. Nita would just be cool. There would be the kids zooming around. Her father would pass on to Brad, as if they were heirlooms, the family’s collection of strange things that Lise had done. Her mother, as always, would be wonderful. She would know where to seat Brad, what to feed him, and how to make him feel welcome. That he had shoulder length hair, that “Vincit Veritas” was tattooed on the skin over his heart, that he was an avid hunter, that he had drifted around the country and in and out of school and jobs for almost ten years before deciding that he wanted a doctorate in business, all that, all information which would be of the utmost importance to Dilly or Bill, would be less important to her mother than whether Brad made eye contact when he spoke to her.
If they didn’t go to Clarke’s Cove, they could spend three days hiking. Maybe where the most easterly peaks of the White Mountains tumbled over into Maine north of Lake Sebago. Of course, they could expect that the holiday traffic up and down Route 95 would be overwhelming. Unless they avoided traveling on Friday evening and someway missed Monday afternoon and night. Probably not a prayer for a camp-site this late. The trails would be crowded. As noisy as a shopping mall parking lot. At least, until they got into the higher elevations. But, if they persisted, they would be rewarded with the deafening quiet of rushing air and the awe-filled vertigo of looking down at three thousand feet of gray rock and green leaves falling out from under their feet. Somewhere along the path, sitting on a cool outcropping eating cheese and chocolate or after breaking out of a stand of pines into a bush-pocked lea, they would have one of their discussions.
Despite how much physical fun they had both in and out of bedrooms, to Lise, the best part of their relationship was their discussions. One would pull out an idea, long stored away from the ridicule of those more commonly wise, to offer to the other. The giver would wait for the other’s response with the same guardedness that a cook has when serving a new dish. A taste. A smile. And the talk would begin. Intoxicating talk. That was the best.
The previous week, on a drive out of Boston, she had noticed a preternaturally early pumpkin sitting at the base of a shock of still green corn. She had complained of the rampant commercialism of having the trappings of Halloween displayed in August. Wasn’t anything sacred? Brad had told her that that was the scientist part of her talking. For all their talk of freedom, most scientists hated rule breakers. Ruled behavior ruled them. They were really only comfortable with the accumulations of the past. Tradition. In contrast, business people, at least entrepreneurs, were rule breakers. They hated the past. That was what capitalism was all about. Dumping tradition. Dreaming something new. Trusting in the power of a dream.
The conversation had segued to a discussion of harvest. He had said that Thanksgiving should be held on the Friday following the first killing frost at Plymouth Rock. Since weather determined the harvest, he felt that it should determine the day of gratitude for the harvest. They reasoned through the effects of a weather-based Thanksgiving upon families, businesses, and the marketing of Christmas. They considered the benefits and costs of early and late frosts. How often might a four day weekend occur because the first frost was proximate to Veteran’s Day? Lise had wondered what should be the criterion for defining a killing frost. Their chemical make-ups caused various plant species to freeze at different temperatures. Brad opted for a rule based on the ground level air temperature falling to 0 degrees Centigrade and staying there for at least one hour. She wanted to use a system that was based on killing off a plot of Indian white cap flint corn.
Without coming to any agreement on which was the better decision rule, they had moved the discussion to pumpkin carving. Lise thought that carving the top or bottom of a pumpkin made better sense than carving its sides. By using the top one could take advantage of the stem for a nose. Brad wondered whether the curve in most pumpkin stems might not make the result look too Semitic. She countered that the stems could be cut close to make a pug nose, or the bottom could be used. Either way, the roundness would much more resemble the shape of a face. The pumpkins’ bulges on top and bottom would make better cheeks. The faces wouldn’t look so squinched up. He wondered about the stability of a pumpkin resting on its side, especially if candles were going to be used to light up the face. In addition, he wanted an answer for how the lid would be lifted on and off if the stem were being used for the nose. They had spent the next miles working out various solutions.
Lise knew she was an anomaly. And, she was coming to learn that she was particularly drawn to other anomalies. The symmetry of unlike seeking unlike. She disagreed with him that scientists were most comfortable with the past. Scientists stayed scientists because of the new, the unusual. It was the unexplained that drove them. When other six year olds were chasing lightning bugs, she had been searching for carrion beetles, lunar moths and praying mantises. In high school when friends went to the record stores and came home with Donna Summers, she bought Piaf and Robert Johnson. After she moved to Boston, she had preferred wandering through the narrow streets of Chinatown looking at bins filled with a jumble of animal limbs or a bucket of chicken feet rather than shopping at the Chestnut Hill Mall or walking the Freedom Trail. She was sure that if she had been born in China, rather than Massachusetts, she would have wandered Beijing searching out the novelty of a hotdog or the curious construction of a baseball mitt.
Lise smiled as she considered how Brad was a great find. When she had had her first conversation with him along the paths of the Ten’sching’en garden at the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, she had had the same sense of wonderment as she had felt when she first saw the twisted skein of protein that was the subject of her dissertation. Unusual. Unexpected. A part of her did want to show Brad to her family. She liked him, but she worried that he was attractive to her only because he was so different. She had premised too many relationships on differentness and, after the excitement of uniqueness, the pride of specimen-ship, had worn off, there had been little left. If she were left to her own devices, she was unsure whether she would be able to identify those things in someone else that might be a good lifetime match for her. That was data that needed to be collected.
If Lise took Brad to Clarke’s Cove, her mother might be able to see the possibilities. At least, there would be a good chance of that happening if conditions were controlled; however, she laughingly admitted to herself, a Labor Day weekend at the Kosters was not apt to be a scientist’s dream of a controlled environment.
Lise Koster released the soggy collar tabs from her teeth and replaced them with the knuckles of her right hand. After several moments she became aware of herself—elbow resting on a knee and thoughts pushing far beyond the microcosmic life on the slide in front of her. She laughed at her haphazard caricature of Rodin’s statue.
What did she really like? What was hers? What was the baggage of others? It was hard being the youngest. She never knew whether what she was doing was something that she really had chosen or some accretion that she had picked up from an older sibling. The choice always was whether to take up a ready-made answer or flounder about on her own. And once the choice was made, the question always remained whether she should have taken the other path. Was she doing science because she loved it or because it was a path that no other Koster had traveled? Was she attracted to Brad because he was attractive or good or just because he was different? If they were to go to Clarke’s Cove, she could ask her mother.
It would be sweet to crawl alongside the patches of marigolds and petunias that lined the flagstone walks, pinching off dead blooms and wandering through confusing territory in the steadfast company of her mother. She wanted to hear what her mother would say about Brad.
Lise tore her knuckles from her mouth, closed her hands into fists and hammered a brisk tattoo on her golden knees. The vibrations picked up tone as they left her flesh and traveled down the gray steel legs of the lab stool. She finished up her solo by raising her fists higher, before letting them drop back to her taut flesh. The final beats were accompanied with a soft, Pa, Pa, Pa Pa, Pow from her broadly smiling mouth. She brought the music to a resolution and her thoughts to a decision about the weekend.
They’d go. It’d be a hoot. To hell with Dilly and Bill and all the uncertainties. After Lise had finished her solo, the lab was quiet, her body was calm and the energy in her brain was tamed enough to focus on the complex strands of life smeared on the slide.



Chapter 5


The restaurant was almost quiet. It had been a long afternoon. Peter Koster’s face grew and shrank in the spattered bathroom mirror as he rocked back and forth on his aching feet. He stared at the purple sacs under his eyes, the deeply etched lines at the ends of his mouth, the question mark curve of his neck and head. How he had changed. Persistent pain in his feet had caused his body to curl up. The weight that he had dragged home from Viet Nam, less bulky but far heavier than his duffel, the weight of the years of bending over stoves and cutting boards, the weight of unending seventy-hour weeks, the weight of responsibility for the food and his employees and his family, the weight of the pain in his heart and in his feet had worn him down.
The Provincetown, Massachusetts restaurateur tried to shrug off the heaviness. He stretched. He took a deep breath and let it whistle out through his coffee-stained teeth. It didn’t help.
Five years before, on his thirty-fifth birthday, he had stopped smoking. After eighteen years of smoking and an equal number of years of being hounded by his sister Dilly, and, later, his wife Gabriella, and, under her able tutelage, his two boys Chris and Miguel, he had decided that the biggest present that he could give himself would be to stop smoking. To celebrate his decision and to cement the commitment, Gaby insisted they make a symbolic run along the beach. They rode their bikes along the dunes the two miles out to Race Point Lighthouse where the tip of Cape Cod curls back like a bass clef. With the boys pacing him, they ran barefoot along the gravelly sanded beach until his lungs grew too hot to breath. He coughed and spat phlegm so thick that it sat upon the damp sand like a jellyfish. He and Gaby watched a whale watch boat grow big while they waited for his chest to stop heaving. The boys wrestled until brown bodies, the color of roast turkey, were so coated in sand that they looked like gingerbread men. Later, they had jogged slowly back to their bikes and taken their time riding back into town.
The next morning Peter could barely hobble to the bathroom; however after fifteen minutes of moving about the pain disappeared. The following morning the same pain recurred and, then, disappeared. It became a pattern for Peter to drag himself around in the morning by holding on from door jamb to sink to banister to chair to kitchen counter. But, by the time that he had showered, drunk his coffee, and dropped himself in and out of the susurrations of the Today show, the pain would leave.
At the restaurant his feet would feel fine as long as he kept moving; however if he sat at his desk to make up orders, pay bills, or work up staff schedules, the pain would return. The throbbing that came during the day always seemed worse than what he woke to in the morning. If he hobbled from his office and was seen by the maitre d’, who was born Robert but had transmuted to Raoul, he would be chided and wheedled.
“Darling, please, do something. For my sake. This is just too painful to watch. Pain is fine, in its proper place. Nipple piercing, certain scarf and whip hobbies, par exemple. But not hobbling. Hobbling’s so declasse’. Fine for hospitals and refugee camps and Roumanian train stations. But, not for that bastion of nou- and entre-nous and oldvelle Cape Cod cuisine, Pete’s Retreat. Please! Do something, or you’ll end up like poor Porgy. Wheeling your way down Cat Fish Row. Lumpkin, please, do you really want your mouth so low to the ground in this Eden of iniquity? Be a good lamb. Listen to Raoul. Have surgery.”
For weeks, if Peter could just bear with it and keep moving, the pain would finally go. However, there came a point where the pain never left. Any pressure on his heels was excruciating. After a number of nights where the sweat from the kitchen’s heat had mixed with tears drawn by the stabbing in his heels, he had gone to a podiatrist. The doctor had diagnosed a calcaneal exotosis of the plantar fascia. After prodding, and with some asperity, the doctor had translated his diagnosis as bone spurs. The spurs were calcium deposits caused by the body trying to repair the tendons he had torn while making his celebratory non-smoking run. The doctor suggested a progression of cures from inserts and exercises to cortisone shots in the heels to surgery to remove the calcification and to re-attach the ligament. If one treatment didn’t work, they would move on to the next. When Peter pressed him, the doctor had admitted that the aftermath of both the cortisone and surgery would be painful. Neither procedure always worked.
Peter looked up from washing his hands to the restroom’s water-speckled mirror. The puffy shadows under his eyes, the dull stare, the limp oily thin brown hair, the sallow cheeks, the thin white arms, and the soft shrunken belly, forced over his belt by the curvature of his spine, made him think that he looked, as was true of many restaurant owners, like a prisoner of war. By some strange process he had chosen a life where he remained locked inside a building for most of the hours of most of the days of the year. While half of eastern Canada and all of Massachusetts waited fifty weeks of the year for the pleasure of fighting their way onto Cape Cod for its beaches and beauty, he missed the beauty and beaches because he kept himself chained to a building filled with chipped cups, greasy floor mats, blackened pots, a wheezing walk-in, disappearing help, disappearing inventory, particularly shrimp and beer, and a disappearing clientele.
Peter had tried the recommended exercises, but they’d made the pain worse. He had added rubber mats by the stoves. He had begun a self-diagnosed regimen of three aspirin every two hours. He had filled his shoes with arch supports and cushioned liners. The pills and orthotics and mats had helped just enough that he could keep working; however there had been several nights that first cigarette-free summer, usually on the weekend, when he had had to crawl from the car across the sandy yard to the weathered porch of his home at two in the morning.
It was fool’s luck he found the Avia sneakers with the recessed heels. He was at a shoe store looking for more orthotic things to put into his shoes when he noticed a display describing the sneaker’s shock-dispersing design. He bought a pair. Within days he felt some relief. Within four weeks the pain had diminished to the endurable throb that he was feeling at that moment. The shoes worked so well that he had insured himself against the vagaries of shoe fashion and competition by spending just over one thousand dollars to buy twenty pairs of them. His horde was stored in the chicken wire cage storage area along with the flour, liquid shortening, linguini, cans of tomato paste and a dozen bags of samp.
Before leaving the staff restroom, Peter looked down at his shoes. They were as mindlessly speckled with drips and drabs as a Pollock canvas. Except for the slight noise of Raoul shuffling dollars and counting coins for the afternoon deposit and the croupy whir of the walk-in refrigerator, the Retreat was quiet. He thought that the peace at the end of a shift from the clanging of spoons and spatulas against sauce pans, the incensed sputtering of the espresso machine, the cooks screaming “Pick up” or “Eight-six the amandine”, the unending rings and chimes as busboys sorted silver hot from the dishwasher was as satisfying as the noises themselves had once been.
Since his first days of restaurant work, Peter had believed that the only people who could survive in the business were those who had the business in their blood. A love of money, even if the love were as deep as Silas Marner’s, was not enough to keep one going. There had to be a love for the craziness, the crises, the constant hysteria, the chance to create, the opportunity to serve. Restaurant work was a calling, like for the priesthood. Noble work for true believers. For nearly twenty years Peter had had no doubt that the business was in his blood. Lately, he had begun to have some doubts.
Partly, it was his feet. Partly, it was Gaby leaving him. Partly, it was the moribund Massachusetts’ economy. Partly, it was seeing or hearing of customers and former employees sickening and dying from AIDS. Partly it was never having enough time with his sons. Partly it was the loneliness. Partly it was the isolation of Provincetown from the rest of the world, an isolation which had made it a magnet for gay men for decades, but not for much else.
Working seventy hour weeks in a resort town filled with gay men and women, on the very tip of a narrow spit of land extending miles from the edge of a continent, was not a recipe likely to remove his loneliness, an overwhelming loneliness.
“Honey, the count’s in. Another Black Monday. Who’s going to the bank? You, or the ever-faithful moi?”
“I’ll do it. You can take off.”
“Don’t tempt me, Petey Sweetie. Do you think we’ll have a waitron left by the weekend? Thank God, I guess, that we’ve been so slow. Tom and that horrendous Marcie are down the road. That busboy, the one with Jean Tierney’s eyes, the dog, I’ll bet my virginity he won’t be back. I saw him hand in hand with his latest summer fling and it looked like love was going to win out over a fifteen percent split of the tips. My God, what will we do if we get good weather this weekend?”
“I guess we’ll muddle through. It happens every year. We’ve always lost staff right before Labor Day. The kids want a little time to play before the semester starts.”
“How stoic. You hide in the kitchen under that enchanting toque while I’m left out here, lying like Nixon, that all will be well with their cioppino. One night, I know some right wing Catholic homophobic dad, some Mafia or Massachusetts merchant prince, is going to flip. A bad clam, a forgotten veal marsala, a late dessert, and Raoul, he who loves all men a little and too many too well, is going to be eviscerated by one of those appallingly ugly steak knives that you insisted on buying. Who will mourn le pauvre Raoul’s passing? Maman, of course. You, peut-etre. Jean Tierney, non. So sad. Cut down in the prime of my somewhat extended youth. Ooo-laa.”
“We’ll get through it. We always do. I’m thinking about offering a bonus for everyone who stays through Monday. But, if I do and the weather is bad, that could cost us.”
“You’re going to be here?”
“Yes.”
“What about Rhode Island? What about tradition? What about family? What about taking the boys to grandmere and pere?”
“Actually, I was hoping you might do that.”
“Mon Dieu, petit, are you crazy? Why?”
“I asked Gaby. She can’t.”
“Bitch.”
“Bob, don’t do that. If I want the boys at my family’s reunion, it’s my responsibility.”
“Yes, but…”
Before Raoul could finish his thought, Peter cut him off. He didn’t want to hear someone else say the things he had to fight himself not to say. His theory, which he had practiced since Gaby had left, was that if he were quiet and polite and charitable long enough, the thoughts that often careened around his head like balls in a Bingo cage and the hungering feelings that ever wormed through his belly, would finally leave.
“She’s busy.”
“Lover, we’re all busy.”
“I know. She said she could pick them up on Monday. Do you think you could take them down?”
“What might some statesman, Cabot Lodge, Foster Dulles, have said? I can and I will. But, aren’t you worried to have your two blessed nubbins in a car alone with a dancing Nancy?”
“Bob, don’t.”
“See. This is it. Another example. You poor hets want the world to change toward you, but you won’t change. You bring it upon yourselves. You ask for it. You hets are always being accused of being irresponsible. This is why. Putting those delicious boys in a car with a pouf. How will I ever keep my hands on the wheel?
“What’s the itinerary?”
“Could you leave by nine?”
“I could. But at what price? No, no. It’s fine. It’s only my frail and fading beauty that will suffer. Just a soupcon of sacrifice for my master.”
“Thanks.”
“So lavish in his praise. No wonder I can’t say “non.” How can I resist? Anything for Sweet-eyes.”
Peter stood clutching tight the blue canvas deposit bag while staring at the rose-walled emptiness of the dining room. He hadn’t wanted to ask Raoul for the favor. He should go himself, but if he did, he was sure that his family would talk about Iraq and the stream of soldiers moving to save Kuwait. That parade of men and materiel was dislodging something in him that had been carefully stowed away a long time before.
He was tired. He should go home. But, his house hadn’t been home for almost three years. There was nothing to be found under the covers except sheets that had been on the bed too long. He was very tired. So tired that a fine tremor pulsed through his hands and flashes of light, like soundless small arms fire, flared at the edge of his vision. But, even more, he was tired of muddling through, of slogging through a day, of pushing through time’s syrup, just to get to more of the same. Another week, another month, and soon, another winter.
Peter wondered why he worked so hard to keep something that he wasn’t even certain that he wanted. And how he had lost something that he craved.



Chapter 6


“Mother, Mother, has Dad been feeling okay? He looks so terrible.”
Bett took her time looking up from the bowl of pistachios she was shelling since she knew that her eyes were going to meet the fierce, focused, probing light of Dilly’s stare. Her oldest daughter had always had such a great intensity. While the other three children had Neil’s blue eyes, Dilly had the small brown eyes of Bett herself, but with a difference. Rather than Bett’s easy warmth, Dilly’s eyes often were fixed with a dark stare. Dilly did not ask questions; she interrogated. Even as a small child the intensity of Dilly’s stare was such that neither Bett nor Neil could conjure up a child’s answer to such questions as those concerning the existence of Santa, the source of babies, and the tendency of dogs to lick certain parts of themselves. If a four year old Dilly asked why Buster was sniffing Daisy’s hiney, she wanted, and invariably received, a forthright answer. Yet, even though given an honest answer, Dilly would continue to stare as if she thought that some additional information had been denied her.
As her head came up high enough to meet Dilly’s eyes, Bett gave an imperceptible nod to her daughter’s persistence. Dilly added an extra measure to everything she did. If a soup recipe called for a cup of barley, she added a cup and a half. When others smiled, she snorted. When others patted, Dilly bear-hugged. In the aftermath of a fifth young man eluding Dilly’s clasp, Bett had told her daughter that she didn’t fall in love, she took hostages. With that advice, Dilly had changed her ways just long enough to marry Bill.
Bett steeled herself for the hot white light of Dilly’s attention.
“Does he?” she said. “I hadn’t noticed. He hasn’t said anything.”
“Does he ever?”
“Now, Dilly.”
“Mother, Mother, he’s sixty-six. He should retire. You don’t need the money. He should slow down. He looks all wan underneath that tan, which, by the way, is sure to kill him. Does he have any idea how fast a skin melanoma can erupt?
Held rapt, cobra and victim, by her daughter’s relentless stare, Bett tried to arrange her thoughts while her unguided fingers fumbled with the sharp-edged shells of the nuts.
“Dilly, your father likes what he’s doing. If he were to retire he’d be around here all the time. Could there be a worse fate? Think of how tired he’d be if he were under my sway all day.”
“Mother, Mother.”
Dilly’s tone held the same exasperation that she used on her children when they were slow in exiting a fantasy to come to dinner or to go to bed.
“He’s getting old. He is old. He should take it easy. He needs to take better care of his health.”
Should. Should. Dilly was so liberal with her shoulds. There were times when Bett wondered how Dilly could be her daughter. Should was not a bad word. She herself had always used it a lot. The difference was that she had directed most of her shoulds to herself while Dilly aimed hers toward all of those around her. She and Neil had been motivated to teach their children by example rather than by command. In Dilly’s case, the lessons had been missed. Dilly always knew what was right for everyone but herself. Dilly’s bossy energy poorly concealed a being so lost and so confused that its sadness wrenched Bett’s heart.
Parenting was such a random process. There seemed to be no rhyme nor reason as to what stuck and what did not.
“We shouldn’t be making ice cream. Do you know how bad these pistachios are for us? We’re making frozen death. Sugar, cream, egg yolk and salted nuts. We should all write our goodbyes.”
“We’ve always made ice cream on summer holidays.”
“Mother, Mother, it’s collective suicide. It’s the Koster family version of Jonestown Kool-Aid. Some cardiologist will find us all strewn around the yard in pools of congealed cream. Infarcted.”
Neil came around the corner of the house and climbed the steps to the porch. The too small tee shirt he was wearing, one Lise had given him that supported African famine relief, had ridden up slightly on his small belly. There was a sliver of tan skin between his shirt and his madras shorts. His deck shoes were worn without the rawhide shoestrings. Neil stopped behind Dilly’s chair and stared down at the bowls in her lap. One bowl held whole nuts, one was nearly filled with empty shells, and the third had a few shelled pistachios in the bottom. He reached over Dilly’s shoulder to take a handful of nuts. She made a quick slap at his hand.
“Am I missing a lecture?”
“Dilly doesn’t think that we should be making ice cream.”
“We always make ice cream.”
“She’s worried about your health.”
“So am I. That’s why I insist upon getting my dairy products. Ice cream. And exercise. Tracking those kids down to turn the crank. Did anyone get more ice?”
Dilly tried to turn her stare onto her father, but as she twisted around in her ancient Adirondack chair he moved sideways out of range.
“Yes, I did,” Bett said as she dropped a shell with no crack onto the white wicker table beside her. The tradition was that Neil got to crack the culls with his teeth later.
“My always thoughtful wife.”
“Not according to your daughter.”
Neil patted Dilly’s round shoulders that reminded him so much of Bett’s.
“It’s nice to have help.”
In the elongated note of a foghorn Dilly said, “Daaaaad.”
“Deellliiiaaaa.”
Dilly shrugged off her father’s mockery as well as his hands from her shoulders as a horse would a fly.
“When do the rest of the troops arrive?”
“Pete said that he’d have the boys here early. They’re bringing a tent. The boys want to camp. Where do you want it?”
“Let the young soldiers decide.”
“Pete said Indians. They had a lot of Indian-craft at the camp Gaby sent them to.”
“Really? I wonder what kind? Narragansett? Wampanoag? Pequot? Niantick?”
“Daaadd. They’re probably generic. Beads and bows. Arrows. Hatchets and horses.”
Bett tried to catch Dilly’s eyes to stop her before she caused her father to begin.
“And violence. Killing, scalping, pumpkin thieving? Savagery?” asked Neil.
“Mother, Mother, you know Gaby lets those boys get away with anything. And Peter, too. It’s a classic divorce. The kids work both sides of the street. The parents buy love with too many toys and way too much freedom. By the way, has he been seeing anyone?”
“He hasn’t said anything.”
“Of course Secret Pete wouldn’t say anything. You have to ask. Wait ‘til he gets here. I’ll find out.”
Bett studied the shells in her lap. Finally she said, “I don’t think Pete’s making the drive himself.”
“What do you mean?”
“The boys are getting a ride.”
“Gaby’s coming?”
Bett hesitated.
“No. Bob.”
“Who’s Bob? Bob who?”
“The maitre d’.”
“That Bob? Raoul Bob? The fairy godfather? Jesus, Mother, what’s the matter with him? Giving those boys to that…”
Bett’s hard look stopped Dilly from finishing her sentence.
“Do you know he could lose his parental rights? This family. This family. Why can’t he bring them himself?”
“He said it’s been busy.”
“Well, that’s a switch, isn’t it? I thought things had been tough. Isn’t that right, Dad?”
Neil nodded quickly in the hope that they could get past this part of the weekend. His nod changed to a shaking of his head as he went inside.
After acknowledging her father’s nod as her rightful due, Dilly continued, “I don’t understand why it takes so many hours a week just to go broke.”
“I don’t think it’s just that.”
“What? What else?”
“I’m not sure, but I think the trouble in Kuwait is bothering him.”
“What? Is his PTSD, isn’t that it, or PSTD, whatever, flaring up again? How long is he going to let this go on? It’s twenty years. My God, the war’s been over fifteen. How long? I’m not even sure I think it’s real. He should get out of Provincetown. That’s probably what’s doing it. Everyone there has some kind of initialed problem or disease.”
Dilly held onto her fingers as a child counting as she spelled out her list of acronyms.
“P.T.S.D. A.I.D.S. H.I.V. A.R.C.”
Bett said in a quiet voice, “SIDS. PMS. We all have our initials, honey. I don’t think being angry helps. Your brother went someplace very far away. Farther than any of us can possibly imagine. It could take him a very long time to get back.”
“He’s missing his life.”
“He’s not missing it. He’s just having one different from what any of us expected.”
Dilly looked to her mother’s face to see what meaning had been intended.
“What about Nita?”
“Late on Saturday.”
“Lise?”
“I’m not sure. She said that something might happen.”
“Is the something the mushroom man? I can’t even imagine how someone could want to get a Ph. D. in fungus. I see fungus I just want to get a sponge and some bleach, not a lab coat. Have you met him?”
“No, no one has. I don’t think the one you’re talking about is the same one. I think this is a new one. Lise said he’s very interesting. Very nice.”
“Mother, Mother, everything Dizzy Lizzy dates is interesting. She’s like those tourists on the beach who bend over for every funny colored stone. Just think of the kinds of people she’s dated. That Damien guy, which couldn’t have been his name. He probably read Hesse as a freshman and changed his name. Remember the hair? Purple dreadlocks. He looked like a fuchsia plant. Interesting religions? What was the name of the Druid?”
“That was Sean.”
“All trees were his brother. And interesting colors? Was that Dewitte?”
“Honey, don’t. Don’t do that.”
Without lifting her eyes from the growing mound of shelled nuts, in the kindest flank attack, Bett asked, “When do you expect Bill?”
After deciding that her mother didn’t intend anything more than a simple question, Dilly answered resignedly, “He said that he might have to go in for a couple of hours tomorrow. Already he feels that they’re losing the race on this one. Remember the new gas line project? There’re too many people involved.”

* * *

Lise ran up to her father and gave him a quick hug.
“Dad, this is Brad.”
“Hi, Brad. Glad you could make it.”
Brad took Neil’s hand.
“My pleasure, Mr. Koster.”
“Just Neil.”
Brad nodded his head.
“I’ll try.”
“Brad, are you ready for some chaos?”
“I love chaos.”
“Chaos sera sera.”
“Dad, you look great.”
“Tell your sister. She thinks it’s Guten Morgue for me.”
“No way. You’ll bust one hundred and still be making terrible puns. Brad hopes he can get some time with you to talk about the bank.”
“That’s right. You said something. What are you looking for, Brad? Here, drop those bags. We’ll get them later. Let’s take a look at the water.”
“My area of concentration is the interaction between public policy and business policy. One idea I’ve had for my dissertation is to research depositor protection in the banking system. There’s been so much change in banking public policy in the last ten or twelve years. All the deregulation has led to a lot of new practices. We’ve seen all the problems with the S&Ls and there’ve been systemic failures in Ohio, Maryland and Colorado with private insurance. I’m thinking of focusing on New England. See how this region is the same or different from some of the other problem areas.”
Neil stopped the nodding that he had been doing while Brad had talked.
“Well, Brad, there’s no doubt it’s not the industry it used to be, but at my bank, we’re still pretty conservative. We still do a lot of things like we’ve always done. How do you think I can help you?”
“I’m not quite sure, yet…Neil. I need to get in the library, do some reading, hone my ideas. I might end up asking you to use your bank as a case study or as part of a sample, or, maybe, you might be able to introduce me to people I’d like to interview.”
“Well, everybody knows everybody in this state so the introductions shouldn’t be a problem. Using South Coastal for a case study might not be to my boss’ liking. He tends to be a close-to-the-vest Yankee.”
“Is your bank FDIC?”
“No. Kenyon’s like a lot of swamp Yankees. Doesn’t think too highly of the feds. We’re one hundred and eighty-seven years old. We’ve never had a major problem and that’s saying something in a state that’s been in industrial decline for more than a hundred of those years. A lot of our clients are small businesses, farmers and fishermen. That’s a definition of boom and bust incomes, yet we’ve never had a problem. About ten years ago the assembly passed a law that all banks, credit unions, and loan companies had to have depositors’ insurance. We didn’t want it, but there was no way to avoid it. We joined a private insurer that got going at that time.”
“Is that R.I.S.D.I.C.?” Brad spelled out the letters.
“You’ve obviously done some reading. We say RISDIC. We belong.”
“Let me see if I can get it. Rhode Island Share and Deposit Insurance Corporation.”
“Close. Indemnity.”
“Okay.”
“It’s been a pretty good organization. Been a lot of help with marketing.”
As Brad and Neil stood talking to one another, Lise dropped to her haunches to pick and smell the grass and the white blossoms of a rosa rugosa. She insinuated herself under her father’s arm and a minute later under Brad’s. Finally she went back to her father and tugged at his sleeve.
“Excuse me, Dad, but can we take the SureBett out?”
Neil smiled at Brad.
“You must consider yourself lucky to have met such a subtle woman.”
Lise sang, “Sail in the sun, talk in the night.”
“It’s very nice to be here…Neil.”
“We’re glad you’re here. It’s a great place to recreate. I just hope you didn’t think it was going to be restful.”
“I’m learning.”
Lise grabbed Brad’s hand and pulled him toward the water.

* * *

“Pass the salt, please,” Brad said as he looked up and down the picnic table. Bett and Neil, Nita and Lise’s heads turned in search of the salt. Bill continued to look at the food on his plate. Dilly stared at Brad. Finally, Bill said, “I wouldn’t bet on salt. Everyone, with the exception of Brad who didn’t understand the implication of Bill’s remark, looked at Dilly.
“Mother, Mother!” said Dilly and, then, she stopped as if that were admonition enough.
Nita caught Brad’s eye.
“Dilly’s dream is to preserve the family. Forestall all our deaths. Her love is so great she imagines us gathering here as nonagenarians. Senescent from boredom, but with our salt-free, fat-free systems intact.”
“Mother, Mother!”
“Nita.”
Caught between Bett and Dilly, Lise fell backward off the bench, rolled a backward somersault, leaped to her feet, and raced to the house for salt.
Brad smiled his widest smile at Dilly.
“Who’s responsible for a person’s health? That’s definitely a tricky issue. I’m going to get into it this fall in the ethics course I’m teaching. Should corporations screen job candidates on whether they smoke or not? Should firms ban sugared or caffeinated drinks from the premises? Do businesses have the right to compel employees to exercise? Or lose weight? Should an employer have the right to monitor the blood pressure or cholesterol level of workers, especially the highly paid ones? Should firms be able to compel workers to adjust diet or exercise until their levels are within the safety zone? Does the employer have the right to demand good health habits from its employees? What do you think, Delia?”
Dilly said nothing while she tried to decide if she could accept anyone or anything other than herself giving health orders. Finally, she said, “I think that everyone’s health is everyone’s concern.”
“Waffle,” laughed Nita.
Brad nodded his head at Dilly. “Then you would support giving work organizations the power to compel healthy behavior?”
Neil laughed, “As long as Dilly gets to write the rules.”
Dilly put an overly large piece of celery in her mouth so that politeness could protect her from talking. She didn’t know what she thought except that she would like to take a comb and scissors to Brad’s hair.
“Aren’t we using work organizations as a more benign looking, more voluntary seeming, more reasonable sounding version of a totalitarian government?” asked Nita. “The Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and the courts keep the government from doing a lot of things that may be in our best interest. That’s what freedom is all about—getting to choose something that someone else thinks is bad for us. But what we’ve done is set up a situation where employers, especially large corporations, are compelled to act as government’s hired hand. The government can’t come into our homes and say, `You have to hang out with women and blacks and vets, and the handicapped; you have to set your thermostat below 70 degrees and you can’t smoke in your living room, and, by the way, stay away from BLT’s.’ They can’t tell us that directly. That would be unconstitutional. But they can tell a business to require those kinds of behaviors because a business is a legal fiction. It’s not protected. So, for thirty or forty hours a week at work, the government can have unconstitutional control over us.”
“But, if the government is going to be picking up the tab for someone’s health care, shouldn’t it have some control over the person’s behavior? Doesn’t it need to have some leverage over people’s lives so that it can contain costs?” asked Bill. He seemed to have to make an effort to keep his voice calm.
Brad gestured toward Bill. “Whoever writes the checks gets to call the shots, right? That’s a common argument by some. By many. It seems reasonable on the surface, but once a person starts to think what it means, people get leery. You get some old guy who’s going crazy because tax money is being used for drug rehab, or abortions or to support a sixteen year old with a baby out of wedlock.”
Brad began to talk in a gravelly voice. `She’s not responsible. We’re encouraging immorality.’ Et cetera. But, he’s sitting reading the paper with a huge gut from too much beer and bacon, arteries clogged down to the size of pinholes, thinking that it makes perfect sense for the government to ante up $200,000 for his quadruple bypass. That’s about ten years’ worth of welfare for someone. He doesn’t make the link. He’s positive the unwed mother should be sterilized, but he’d go insane if someone suggested higher taxes on alcohol and cigarettes and a new tax on high cholesterol foods. He can’t even imagine banning bacon from the grocery store. Freedom. His.”
There was something about Brad’s last thoughts that made Dilly feel uncomfortable. She couldn’t tell if his words and her family’s eyes really had been directed toward her during Brad’s example, but it felt that way. She decided that she should go on the offensive.
“People are dropping like flies, and your solution is to tax bacon?”
“Sure, why not, and mayonnaise and eggs and butter and cheese and Twinkies and the cracker sandwiches with the powdered cheese. And…” as he took the salt shaker from Lise, who had just run up with it, “salt.” Brad sprinkled salt all over his plate. “I love salt. I want the freedom to use it. But, if it contributes to my having high blood pressure, I don’t think that you should have to pay for it.”
Nita had been nodding at Brad’s words. “It makes a lot of sense, Dilly. Asking someone to `just say no,’ whether it’s to crack or driving drunk or scarfing bacon and egg salad, or a sausage grinder, isn’t a real strong incentive for someone to change behavior. Why not tax the bad food, or subsidize the good.”
Lise had figured out where the conversation had gone while she was getting the salt. “Lower income families tend to have a lot of many diet-related health problems. You could do a thing with food stamps where certain products could have a symbol on them, like pareve for Jews. If an item had the symbol it would be discounted at the food counter for those paying in food stamps. One dollar in food stamps might buy two dollars’ worth of food, if it were spinach or miller’s bran or fruit. The extra cost would be made up in lower health costs. Right?”
Lise looked at Brad. She could feel herself on the verge of taking off with the idea. She wished that she were alone with him so that the ideas themselves, rather than the social context, would be the focal point. There were health, primary and tertiary economic, agricultural, family structure, cultural imperialism implications, intoxicating implications that should be worked through. She felt herself bursting with energy. She wished she weren’t squeezed in between Dilly and her mother.
Neil stretched his neck out so that he could see down his bench to Brad. He smiled. “Passing the salt gets more complicated all the time. Well, Brad, we sure passed the time. I’m guessing that your students will be having an interesting time in that class. If you have a couple of bucks, you better pony them up to the insurance kitty before we make ice cream later. Dilly keeps track of the health effects. Just ask her, she’ll let you know how much you’ll owe.”
“Da-ad, Da-ad.”
“Diiiill.”

* * *

“So, Mom, what do you think?”
“Honey, I like him a lot.”
“He’s very bright.”
“He certainly seems to be.”
“He’s not stuffy.”
“No, he’s not.”
“He’s kind of wacky.”
“We used to say, `He has an interesting mind.’”
“He’s cute.”
“Lise, I think he may be too old for cute. He’s very good looking, though.”
“What about the hair?”
“What about it?”
“Too long?”
“I think that we all get to an age after which certain things don’t become us. With his hair, I don’t think that he’s reached that age yet. What do his professors say?”
“I don’t know. It probably won’t be a problem until he gets to the dissertation stage. That’s the time when faculty really get into cloning themselves. So, Mom, what do you like best about him?”
“Lise, I haven’t spent much time with him.”
“C’mon, Mom, first impressions. You’re usually right.”
“If I am, honey, it’s because I try to avoid first impressions.”
“Please, jump off the cliff. I have. As usual. Let me know my fate.”
“Lise, your fate is your fate. You’ve always attracted attractive men. And, I mean much more than looks. You’re very lucky that way. Peter’s had such trouble finding anyone since Gaby. The same is kind of true for Nita, too.”
“I know. I was thinking about that the other day. I keep ditching nice guys. It’s me. I get bored.”
“Or, maybe you think that you might get bored.”
“You’ve never gotten bored? With Dad?”
“A friend, I won’t say who, once told me that the thing that had sustained her in her marriage was that she had always found her husband amusing. When I heard that I didn’t know how to think about it. The same was true when someone else told me that the foundation of his marriage was that, even after many years, much of what his wife thought and felt remained a mystery to him. Mystery. Amusement. Not being bored. Are these different things or the same thing? I had a hard time thinking about whether I used your father for amusement.”
“Mom, have you been bored with Dad?”
“Of course. I’ve had periods where I was bored with him and with you kids and, most often, with myself. The important thing to me isn’t that I’ve had periods of boredom, but, rather, that those periods haven’t lasted. It’s not even your father, really. The thing that I try to remember to pay attention to is not he or I, but, rather, us. Our intertwining is always unfolding. That has not been boring.”
“But, don’t you think that that’s rare? Don’t you think that Gaby got bored with how the intertwining was unfolding, or maybe not unfolding, but strangling? Do you think that Dilly and Bill feel that they’re in the middle of a wonderful mystery?”
“Lise, in my opinion, good relationships are founded upon three things. Respect. Trust. Understanding. If those things are in place, then I don’t think that a couple could get bored with one another for very long.”
“Respect, trust, and understanding?”
“Yes.”
“Understanding doesn’t work very well with your friend’s support for mystery and amusement.”
“Don’t you scientists understand how some things work without knowing all the details?”
“Yes, Mom, point made. I really miss you. I mean I love being in Boston doing the things I’m doing, but there are times when I wish that you were right there. I get so excited that I forget why I’m doing something. You’d be a good reagent to have nearby. To help in the synthesis.”
“Honey, I miss you every day. You’re such a joy.”
Bett wanted to go on, but she was afraid that the thing that she was feeling in her right breast might slide over and confuse those feelings that were filling up her heart. She feared that she might lose control over her tenses. I am going to miss you every day. You have been such a joy.
“So, Mom, what do you like best about Brad? Not the tattoo, right?”
“No, Lise. In the short time that he’s been here, what I like best is that when something amuses him he looks to find your eyes. He wants to share those little joys. That’s what I like best.”



Chapter 7


Despite not being able to see through the glare of the late afternoon sun reflecting off Dilly’s rear window, Bett waved until the car turned from the lane. Her smile faded with the fading sound of tires scrunching on the gravel that had been dragged out onto Brume Lane. Her hand came down slowly. She crossed her arms and held onto her elbows as if the air had grown colder. She heard herself sigh in the encroaching silence, but she couldn’t decide whether it was a sigh of relief that the children and grandchildren were gone, or a sigh to gather strength for what now must be done.
It had been a week since she had driven along South County’s country roads thinking of gardens. In those seven days she had put up eggplant and okra, she had served more than one hundred plates of food, including making dough for campfire stick bread for Peter’s boys. She had set up daily encampments on the beach, helped dig moats to fortify sand castles, and, once, around her sleeping husband. She had patted and hugged and kissed and ssshhhed her kin, and she had chopped and shredded and broiled and baked. She had nurtured all those around her in the many ways that they had come to expect from her over the long and short years of their lives. She had accomplished everything that had needed doing except for one task with Neil that she had promised herself a week before she would undertake as soon as the guests were gone. She drew a second sigh before turning forthrightly toward the house.
Neil was still sleeping in the rattan chaise in the screened-in porch. He had lain down after returning from filling the Point Jude day sailer, the SureBett, with grandchildren for a final summer sail. They had left as early in the morning as a boatload of Brother Jonathans, which Neil had informed them was an old British term for Americans, looking to free their colonial homeland from the tyranny of the redcoats. They had sailed down the cove and out to Spinner’s Island, a half-acre knoll. Under Captain Neil’s enthusiastic command, the grandchildren had assaulted the island, scrambled up the gravelly hillside to dispatch the entrenched redcoats, planted a scraggly flag made by the light of the campfire the night before, and then sailed triumphantly for home and hotdogs, albeit turkey hotdogs. After lunch their captain had retired to quarters while his troops broke camp.
Peter’s tent had been folded and refolded under Dilly’s persistent supervision until it fit back inside its bag. At Bett’s suggestion the ashes from the campfire had been scattered on the roses. Toothbrushes had been accounted for, damp bathing suits had been stripped from the line, and leftovers had been distributed. Hugs and kisses had been given and received. Car seats had been argued over. Engines had been started, and, in the midst of the activity, as war had ended and his loyal soldiers and sailors had been mustered out, the captain had slept soundly through it all.
Neil had napped through so many holiday afternoons, it had become such a tradition, that there was no thought to wake him. Rather, at some odd moment during their preparations for departure, each of his children and grandchildren had looked in on him and smiled. Several of the most loyal had saluted him with the precision which he had carefully taught them.
Bett was the first person to look in on her husband and not smile. She wandered the downstairs rooms of the house looking at the artifacts of her family’s life. She went to the laundry room to get a large wicker basket. Although she did not have enough hard cheese or walnuts on hand to make fennel pesto, she decided to harvest some of the fennel’s pale green feathery fronds. She could clean and grind the fennel that night, then, after a quick shopping trip, she could finish the project in the morning. Fennel pesto, either alone, or with grilled sweet Italian sausage, or with sautéed sea scallops or with bacon had been one of the quick winter meals for the Kosters for most of the years that they had lived in Rhode Island.
Bett brushed her way between the rows of tall wispy, plants with their yellow firework burst heads of developing seed. She deeply inhaled the anise smell which was so clean it cut through the muggy air. With a small groan let herself down onto one knee so that she might reach the lower stems.
Several times during the weekend, Bett had felt as if she were filming things rather than living them. Thoughts of her biopsy had acted as a lens to reduce, filter and crop the things going on around her. Working her way down the row of tickling fronds, she replayed images to see what she had missed: A frame filled up with Dilly laughing too hard and talking too loud. Dilly must have given a thousand orders in three days to her children, to her nephews, to her sisters, and to her parents, to Queenie. Drink this. Don’t eat that. Wear that. Think this. Set the table this way. Clear the dishes that way. The thermos goes here. The beach umbrella there. Don’t run in the sand. Don’t splash in the water. Don’t. Do. Don’t. Typical Dilly. Except. Something. It took several minutes for Bett to put together a supercharged moment in the laundry room as the two of them slopped sandy swimsuits under the faucets, another moment of confused conversation when she had found Dilly up early on Sunday morning, alone, dangling her feet into the water at the end of the dock with the realization that of Dilly’s thousand orders none had been directed at Bill. Bill hadn’t even arrived until Sunday noon.
Bett’s stomach rose, then, settled softly in a sigh as she realized that Dilly must have wanted to talk to her about Bill. Or their marriage or… If there were trouble between Bill and Dilly it wouldn’t surprise her. Despite a long time commitment not to judge her children’s relationships, Bette often had thought that the Koster-Phelps marriage was as delicately cobbled together as a Balkan alliance. She recalled a conversation that she and Neil had had the previous year after everyone had left late on Labor Day. They had discussed how life would change for Dilly with Kate starting school that week. Dilly would be left at home with no one except for a rabbit. Neither Neil nor she had been able to come up with a good guess as to where Dilly’s energy would be channeled. Now, a year later, it was even harder to figure what was happening inside the Koster-Phelps family.
Bett worried about her oldest daughter. For someone who expended such great amounts of energy, someone who constantly hissed and sputtered, gurgled and steamed, someone who seemed to ventilate every thought and emotion that rose inside her, there was a pent-up, pressurized feeling about Dilly that was very disturbing. Bett regretted that she hadn’t listened harder and looked deeper.
Bett wished that she had gotten more from Dilly and that she had given more to Nita. Soon after she had arrived, Nita had asked her mother if they could talk. They had tried. There had been twenty minutes together walking along Town Beach, but it had been hard to concentrate with thousands of desperate end-of-summer revelers surrounding them. They had found a few more minutes alone while shucking corn. Several other times they had been interrupted within minutes of beginning a conversation. Bett had gotten the some of the details. Nita felt as if she had lost not only the ten long years when the cervical cancer was a threat but also the ten short years after. Fear of cancer had taught Nita to keep her life drawn tightly around herself. When the fear had begun to pass, she had tried to re-start the emotional part of her life. But, even though the threat had passed, she was now realizing, her control remained. She had caught herself in a whipsaw. Although she had drawn many men near to her, she had denied them all intimacy as if she feared more treachery. Lately, it had gotten so that she pushed away anyone who even expressed an interest. She was afraid of intimacy, and she was afraid she was going to pass up and over the last youthful rise of her life and begin the long decline as a bright, polite, successful, obdurate, emotionally inviolable, lonely woman. She didn’t know which fear, of intimacy, or loneliness, was greater.
Bett had listened and hurt. She had tried to share the breathtaking excitement of being unguarded with someone. To give to Nita the roller coaster feeling of being vulnerable—which Bett saw as the keystone of intimacy. To give away her memories of that voluntary uncovering, that un-posed nakedness, that threat-filled thrill of hiding nothing. Of being only as one really was. Of making the pitch black blind leap of faith toward another. Bett had wanted to give her daughter the feeling, that most catalytic of joys, when the viewer took in the other’s nakedness and neither turned away in disgust or disappointment, nor used the new knowledge to harm. These freely offered truths—whether a sinister sign given in the heat thick dark of a spoor-filled bedroom, the half-choked laugh at the protests of a gaseous belly, or the clenching wetness of a sweaty hand as one entered a room of strangers—these sharings, were the rough-edged foundations of intimacy. These tradings of fears and weaknesses were the remittances of love. Bett had wanted to hold her stiff-spined daughter, to shake her, to shout, “Don’t miss this.”
Somehow, Bett had known from the time she was big enough to work with Opa that love was built upon acceptance. Infatuation was built upon the mirage of perfection; love’s foundation was the acceptance of the imperfections of truth. She had experienced that acceptance a thousand thousand times with Neil. She knew about intimacy. She had wanted to talk about it. But she found herself as tongue-tied as a stutterer facing a long row of b’s and p’s. She knew that it was the thing inside her flesh, the thing that was making her vulnerable in a way she had never been before, that was responsible for her muteness. She had wanted to reach across her own new fear to the pain and fear of Nita, but she had found that she could not. The discovery of this new fear-raised inability to share the truth gave Bett an understanding of Nita and of how the DES had affected her, an understanding which went far deeper than it ever had before. The fear, the covering up, the moat around her emotions, all the distancing that just the merest possibility of death was bringing to her, made her feel closer to her daughter than she had in twenty years.
The weekend had ended before their communication had really begun. Bett had hugged Nita tightly as she stood by the door of her car. She had promised Nita that they would have a long, uninterrupted talk soon. As she gathered the fennel, Bett remade the vow. For Nita. And for Lise. She felt shame that she had praised Brad for sharing at the same moment that she was hiding herself from Lise. She wondered what Lise would think when she found out how hypocritical her mother had been. She needed to re-find her strength.
As she snipped stems, Bett murmured Longfellow’s paean to fennel from the Goblet of Life:
Above the lowly plant it towers,
The fennel, with its yellow flowers,
And in an earlier age than ours,
Was gifted with the wondrous powers,
Lost vision to restore.
It gave new strength, and fearless mood;
And gladiators, fierce and rude,
Mingled it in their daily food;
And he who battled and subdued,
A wreath of fennel wore.
As Bett repeated the words that she had memorized from her grandfather more than fifty years before, she tried to turn them from a gardening rite, from decades’ old rote, to something more meaningful for that day. If her growth were not benign… She had not yet lost her vision, but she would need to be constantly vigilant that she did not. She would need new strength and more fearlessness. She must battle and subdue.
Bett cut a stalk of fennel long enough to be twisted into a wreath. She drew the tasseled top and blanched bottom toward one another to tie a loose knot. When she lifted the wreath over her head, something crawled onto her hand. She jerked her arms down to see a brown shiny earwig skitter across her hand and start up her arm. Bett shuddered as she shook her hand violently. Despite more than fifty years of gardening she still was disgusted by certain bugs. Centipedes. Hairy spiders and, especially, earwigs. She had hated earwigs ever since grade school when she had read Poe’s story where an earwig eats into a man’s brain. Her violent movements caused three other earwigs to make a hurried exit from the nest that they had made for themselves inside the curved edge of the fennel stalk. When a second insect touched her skin, Bett screeched. Shuddering her shoulders as if she were a horse in the midst of a swarm of horseflies and shaking her hands as though they had gone to sleep, she ran from the garden leaving her basket and the kitchen shears in the middle of the row of gently swaying plants.

* * *

Neil found Bett with her back against a piling at the end of the dock. Her arms were clasped tight around her drawn-up knees. Her reddened eyes were staring at some nothing across the cove.
“Honey, what’s the matter?”
Bett unfolded her arms, put a fist to her chest and covered the fist with her other hand.
“I have a growth. Here.”
She gently pounded her fist against her breast.
“I have to go for a biopsy. On Wednesday.”
After she told him the details, Neil asked only three questions—how do you feel? how can I help? and what’s involved with the biopsy? She felt fine. She was teary because an earwig had crawled on her. She wasn’t sure how he could help yet other than by being his sweet self. She told him about fine needle aspiration. A local anesthetic was given, a needle was inserted into the breast and into the growth, cells were sucked up for microscopic evaluation. She also discussed lumpectomies. She didn’t say what option she had chosen and Neil didn’t ask. She was glad that she had not had to deliver all the answers that she had prepared. She was sure that they would have sounded more lame in the telling than they had sounded to her in her mental rehearsals. He held her in his arms for several minutes after she had finished talking. Bett felt badly that she was deceiving him and doubly bad that he hadn’t asked her why she hadn’t told him a week ago.
As Bett prepared their dinner, Neil came into the kitchen four times. Each time he tried to catch her eyes as if to read the next installment of her feelings. His step and voice both were softer than usual. It reminded her of how he had acted when Dilly was colicky. Tiptoeing had been of little practical use. Not only had the two year old Peter been running around constantly jabbering, but also she had had no desire to train a baby to sleep only when the house was quiet. Neil, however, had continued to tiptoe in sympathy until Dilly’s digestive system had come round. She was sure that she could expect the same solicitude that Dilly had been given.
They ate leftover thinly sliced pepper and garlic-covered grilled sirloin steak, beefsteak tomatoes with basil in olive oil and sherry vinegar, and the last of the marinated eggplant on the picnic table down by the water’s edge. As they ate, they watched the falling sun color the cove’s surface with Monet hues. A circus of chiaroscuro animals evolved from mounds of clouds. They watched and traded disjointed sentences. Their efforts reminded Bett of working a jigsaw puzzle with a child’s help. “This one, Mommy? How ‘bout this one?” With a child’s constant help, it could take forever to finish a puzzle.
Within seconds of finishing the meal, which had acted as a partial camouflage to their mismatched communications, Neil began to stir.
“Dessert? Tea? Melon?”
“No. What about you?” Bett asked with a discomfort that matched her husband’s.
“Is there any of the ice cream left?”
“There was mutiny while you slept, Captain. No bowls. Just dueling iced tea spoons flailing around in the tub. I took some pictures. They should be cute.”
“Was Dilly there?”
“Of course, and joyous in her righteous disapproval.”
“We’re going to ruin her kids.”
“Just like we ruined ours.”
Neil nodded vigorously as he grabbed for her hand. He nursed a moment’s desire to ask her how she planned to handle her situation with their children before he pushed aside the unbidden and unwelcome follow-up question of what would happen to children, grandchildren and himself if she became seriously ill, or worse.
“Watermelon.”
“How big a piece do you want?”
“I’ll come up with you.”
As her husband walked alongside her whistling softly to fill the empty air, Bett fought an urge to tell him to save his solicitude until after the biopsy, but she knew that it was her ruminant fear rather than his attempted kindnesses which angered her.
Bett put a kettle of tea water on the stove before cutting a large piece of watermelon for Neil. He half sat on the porch railing and spat seeds into the peonies below. As the tea water warmed, she stepped into the mud room to find her shrug. She roughly pulled the old worn comforting cotton around her shoulders. Rather than walking out the kitchen door and going past where Neil was eating watermelon, she walked through the house to use the front door. If Neil saw her down on the dock, he would understand that she wanted to be alone.
Bett sat back against her piling, the same satin-skinned, deeply cracked wood where Neil had found her crying two hours before. It felt good to have the solidity of the post, with its residual warmth, press against her spine. She was exhausted. Utterly exhausted. Her thoughts, which always jumped in logical progression with the surefootedness of a child hop-scotching her way across the rocks of a well-known stream, continued to flit with the same aimlessness of the darning needle she was watching fly over the water’s edge. She had anticipated, obviously wrongly she ruefully told herself, that telling Neil would be the catalyst which would cause her long familiar feelings of competency to return. She let the heat from the mug of tea warm her hands as she stared at the pink images of last light coating the black sheen of the still water. She drew the cooling, dry September air deep into her lungs, then, surprised herself at how loud her sigh sounded to her ears. She took a second draught that she meant to exhale silently, but stopped halfway through as the air filling her lungs displaced her breasts enough that earwig infested fennel came to mind.
If it was nothing…. It was nothing. A slit, a nick, a stitch. A day, or two, of churning. A phone call. Benign. A sigh. A great whoosh of relief. A great gratitude to…to…something…God.
Despite all the noisy static inside her head, Bett could anticipate what it would feel like to have her muscles unclench themselves, to have her mind stop darting as the darning needle which continued its haphazard flight up and down the shore. The right word would bring a honey-thick sense of well-being to fill up her hollowness. A word would warm and fill her up— through her toes and ankles, her calves and thighs, her shivery stomach, her balsa wood light arms, her scattered head as flighty as a balloon on a string. BENIGN would fill her with a heavy sweetness. A kind of post-prandial, post-sexual, logy well-being. Tomorrow was Tuesday. Wednesday evening she would be prepped. Thursday morning was the biopsy. It was no more difficult than waiting out the last days of a pregnancy.
There always had been worried questions. Would it be a normal delivery? Would it be perfectly formed? Would it be a boy or girl? This was the same thing. She needed to be patient.
Dr. Maurer had said that most lumps in the breast were cysts, abscesses or a thickening of the milk glands. If it were none of those things, if it were a tumor, he had said that the chances were that it was benign. Bett put her cup of cooled tea down on the smooth gray paint of the dock. She unbuttoned her blouse to reach inside. She insinuated her fingers inside her bra to pinch and knead her breast as if she were making bread. Deep inside the warm soft dough she could just barely discern the difference in resilience that defined the lump. It didn’t feel hard; it only felt more solid than that which surrounded it. After a week, it no longer felt foreign, like a splinter of wood or a piece of thorn caught beneath the skin. It had come to feel no more foreign than the knotted flesh of a charley horse. As Bett’s fingers probed the character of what was growing inside her flesh, she felt no pain. There was no soreness at all. She removed her hand and re-buttoned her blouse against the coolness brought by the slight breeze coming off the cove. She dropped her hands down to her waist. She pushed and probed her womb as she had done so many times during the many months and many times she had spent pregnant.
She had been used for growth before. Something had attached itself to her. It had used her for blood and oxygen. It had grown warm from her warmth. She had never thought that she had given a child life. Conception was far too mysterious and miraculous to claim that. But, once life had begun, she had sustained it. For four times nine months and four shorter times more, she had shared her body. She was sharing it now. Something mysterious wanted life. It had chosen her as the means. It was too warm, too formless, and too painless to be feared.
Bett wanted to keep her maternal feelings. She wanted to keep her understanding of the will for life, but as she worked to keep more than a moment’s peace while she sat on the slightly swaying dock, her mind started to fill with the disgust that she had felt when the earwigs scattered from their nest inside the shelter of the fennel stems.
If it were cancer. If it were CANCER. If something unwanted, something not her, had chosen her to make its infestation, she would have to fight to eradicate it. As any good gardener would a pest. Earwigs and Japanese beetles, tomato worms and slugs, the gray excrescences of corn smut. They were life, they had a right, but they had to go. They had a right to be alive, but not in the garden.
Trying to grow still within herself, Bett realized that the calm she always felt on the dock in the dark actually had been there despite the surroundings. Listening, she realized that there was noise all around her. The gentle undulations from the rising tide struck soft bass notes, so low and resonant that she could feel them move up her spine as they vibrated along the length of the pilings. There was the unceasing buzz of the cicadas—a sound which recalled the sounds of Opa’s creaking rocker, and the squeak of she herself in the red canvas hammock watching the Indiana sky grow dark and, in the background, the noise of dishes and silverware sliding about in soapy water. The chirping of crickets, the creak of a boat at its mooring, the slight rustle of a pennant on another boat, the persistent pings of a halyard against a mast. Bett listened hard. There were at least three more levels of insect sound. Each species seemed to broadcast on a different frequency so as not to interfere with the others’ transmissions. Despite all the variety in the insects’ sounds, they all sounded shrill to her as if the passage of Labor Day, the end of summer, had brought a new insistence to each voice. As she listened she heard the various voices come together to sing GGGGEEEEETTTTTTTTT IIIIITTTTT DDDDOOOOOONE.
When Bett finally rose from her reverie, she realized how cold the night had grown. She rubbed her cheeks against the warmth of the shrug as she walked up the dew slick grass toward the lights of the house.
As they lay next to one another in the dark Bett and Neil both regulated their breathing so that the other would be encouraged to fall asleep. After many minutes of unmoving alertness, Neil reached across the expanse of cool cotton sheet to take the tips of Bett’s fingers in his own. She wiggled her fingers in thanks as she whispered, “It’ll be fine.”
Neil squeezed her hand.
“It always is.”
Simultaneously, without speaking, Neil and Bett rolled onto their sides. As she had done for four decades, Bett wormed her way backward across the bed until her back touched his chest and her buttocks fit into the warm saddle of her partner’s pelvis.

* * *

Neil started to reach his arm over Bett, as he had done a million times, to hold a breast in his hand. His hand hovered in mid-air as he realized that she might think that he was examining her. His breath caught as he realized that he couldn’t remember which breast she had touched as she had told him that something was growing inside of her. He settled his hand on Bett’s upper arm and concentrated on breathing in the warm smell of the woman he had lived with for forty-two years.
Despite all of his efforts to focus on nothing but her sweet smell, his concentration was broken by a series of questions. How differently would holding Bett feel after the biopsy? What would he be feeling in a week if the growth were malignant? What would he be feeling if her breast were gone? What would he be feeling if in the close future—rather than in the long future where thoughts of death had always been kept before—what if the spot next to him, which was filled with warmth and the smell of forty years, should be empty of everything but the wound of loss and the weak palliative of memories?
Neil Koster didn’t know whether to hold on tighter on to his wife’s arm or whether to loosen his grip.



Chapter 8


Bett stood in the middle of the walk-in closet looking at the luggage. It was hard to decide what to take.
Despite Dr. Maurer’s recommendation to have the two-stage procedure, Bett had opted for the one-stage. She would go to the hospital that evening, have blood work done, go under general anesthesia in the morning, and have the mass removed. During the surgery, while the operating team waited, a frozen slice of the lump would be analyzed by a pathologist. If no cancer cells were found, the incision would be stitched up and she would be wheeled to the recovery room. Depending upon how she recovered from the anesthesia and how her vital signs and the wound responded, she could be released later that day. If the doctors’ divinations said the biopsy results were normal, the small leather bag would be adequate for the nightgown, underwear, robe, slippers, toothbrush, hairbrush and a Van Gulik mystery that she would need.
Bett couldn’t stop thinking about the biopsy. She kept imagining the thin, pink icy slices she cut from half-thawed eye of round when she was preparing to stir fry beef and broccoli. The closet filled with a low hiss as she shushed herself.
If the pathologist found cancer, the surgeon would continue his work by cutting off her breast. He would slice away the lining over the muscles of the chest and, after pulling back their covering muscle, dig out the lymph nodes from her armpit. Depending on how her wound drained she might have to remain in the hospital for a week or even longer.
If it were cancer, she would need a larger suitcase to hold more books, a second robe, her shrug and, if Dr. Maurer were proved right about the quick restoration of mobility of her arm, her knitting.
Bett stood in the closet’s murky light of sunshine filtered by old paper blinds trying to make a decision. If she took the smaller brown bag was she being unreasonably hopeful? Dr. Maurer had assured her that only a small percentage of breast abnormalities were malignant.
During the dozen years Nita had waited to learn whether the DES was going to give her cervical cancer, Bett frequently had told her daughter that the odds were greatly in her favor she would reach twenty-five without harm. However, despite her calm reassurances to Nita, Bett herself had flopped from worry to prayer to anger to guilt during those years. There had been times when she had known with utter certainty that Nita would be just fine and other times when she had been convinced that her daughter’s body was going to explode in sickness.
Throughout the previous week, in the midst of making a sandwich or folding a beach towel, Bett had wondered about cosmic good will. Was it expecting too much for neither the daughter nor the mother to be diseased? Was there a limit to prayer? Knowing that it was foolishness as soon as she thought it, she could not help wondering if prayers were not unlike grocery coupons. They could be used to redeem a person or a situation, but once the boon was granted, the coupon was used up. Bett pushed back on that thought. God’s grace was inexhaustible. She knew that. She had only doubted for a second. And a second second and a third.
Bett studied the larger suitcases. If she took a bigger one, it would indicate her willingness to accept that life might change. There had been much health and joy in her life. She should be willing to accept something different. Bett hefted the weight of the Pullman bag and made her choice. She would take a large one. She put the bag back down. She couldn’t take it. What was she thinking? She had told Neil that she was positive the biopsy would come back negative. Taking a large bag would frighten him. She sat down on the smooth tan leather. What changes. Not two weeks before she had been digging out her children’s old sleeping bags for her grandchildren. Her biggest concerns had been sleeping arrangements and ripening tomatoes and hiding the six pounds that she recently had gained from Dilly’s inquisitional eye. By this time tomorrow she might be waking up with a large mass of her flesh just chopped off. She might be a cancer victim. What a terrible word. Victim. It sounded so hopeless.
Bett rearranged her thinking as carefully as if it were a drawer of linen. She might be a patient, a cancer patient. But, she reminded herself, if she were a cancer patient, at least, she would be a recovering one. It had been that reassuring thought—that the very moment the disease was diagnosed would be the same moment that the treatment would begin. It was that notion that had led her to decide to have the one-stage operation. She would wake to learn that she had, she corrected herself, had had cancer and that it had been removed.
Dr. Maurer had taken a lot of time to describe Bett’s options. He had gone into great detail to explain the advantages of the two-stage procedure. The pathology report would be more useful to any treatment. If the biopsy found cancer, then, the short delay between diagnosis and surgery would give her time to prepare her family. Choosing the two-stage process would give her ample opportunity to research her options. Dr. Maurer told Bett that she could consider breast reconstruction or even schedule a plastic surgeon to rebuild her breast as soon as the general surgeon had finished the mastectomy. He had given her pamphlets. He had shown her the 1990 National Institute of Health recommendations that lumpectomy and radiation were as effective as mastectomy in many situations. Bett recalled how she had listened to most of what Dr. Maurer had said without really hearing it. Opa had always said that if she saw a weed, pull it. There was something. It could be a weed. If it were, it made sense to her to pull it immediately. The time to dig out dandelions was before the blossoms turned to seed, before they could be scattered by the wind.
At the end of Dr. Maurer’s consultation, Bett has chosen the one-stage option because the cancer would be removed before she, or Neil, or Nita, Lise or Peter, or, especially, Dilly knew that she had it. She could be home recovering before anyone, except Neil, knew that she was, or had been—it was hard to know what tense to use—sick.
Bett grabbed the small bag off the shelf. She would make up a pile of books and other things that she would want if there were to be an extended stay. She would cache them in her closet. If she needed them, she could tell Neil where they were.
The Kosters ate an early supper at the picnic table. Although Bett had planned on grilling chicken thighs that were marinating in lemon, garlic and winter savory, she put them aside when Neil walked into the house holding a pound of boiled lobster tail meat. They sat quietly eating lobster salad, fresh tomatoes with basil leaves and vinaigrette, and cantaloupe. They watched the sky get finger-painted with long strokes of salmon and something pinker, but not pink. Each was relieved that the sky was so magnificent that it could be the focal point. Sitting at a warm, worn picnic table, each next to the other as they always sat when watching the sun set, surrounded by the familiar, stuck in a scene so placid it could have been an image for a silver anniversary card, Bett and Neil were swept with emotions. Even as the colors deepened and the lower clouds became backlit and outlined in molten gold, the theatricality of the plunging sun and the drama of the efflorescing night, could not match the emotions they were feeling.
Methodically chewing a lump of lobster, Bett was rocked with the nearness of loss. The loss of her breast, the loss of their familiar life, the loss of her life. She was buffeted by all the possible pain. The bother. The ungiving tightness of healing flesh. The tingling of a nerve-damaged arm. The distancing of disease.
Bett knew they both wanted to believe that in twenty-four hours they would be out here again looking at another red-washed sky, eating grilled chicken legs and sharing an overwhelming sense of gratitude. They wanted to believe, but each had doubts. Doubts led to lists of things that should be discussed. As Bett tried to savor the lobster’s sweetness, as she watched the sunset colors intensify, she knew they should talk about losses—of a day, a lump, of a breast, of hair and weight, of appetite, of rhythm, of pattern, of the familiar, of life, or lives. She knew she should talk of all those possible losses but already, disease or no disease, one loss, that of finding the right words, had already occurred. The feelings that were surging up and sweeping through her were too dramatic for the kinds of words that she and Neil used between themselves.
Bett thought that the feelings boiling inside her were better suited to being expressed by Dilly. Looking out over the carmine stained water and, then, upward to the molting sky, she thought of the thousands of sunsets she and Neil had seen in the years they had lived on Clarke’s Cove. They had seen ash black thunderheads and evanescent wisps of the palest orange; they had watched the sky fill with more shades of purple than there were irises. There had been evenings where the sky overhead was black but the horizon was a darker, reddish orange than could be found in any foundry. They had seen beauty so striking that it made their bodies tingle and their breaths catch. And on those nights when nature was painting something as miraculous as life itself, they would say to one another, “Nice sky, huh?” or “Sure is beautiful”. Unnamable colors and indescribable shapes would fill them with emotions so strong that it felt like electric current inside their skins. They would reach out, hold hands and share the buzz of that empyreal electricity. And, fully charged with that energy, one would say, only say, “Nice sky.”
Cute baby. Fun day. Nice Christmas. Great movie. Nice music. Good tomatoes. Nice breeze. Pretty sunset. This was their lexicon. It had been serviceable for the forty years of their life together. Bett wondered if it would be adequate for their, her future.
Bett involuntarily moved enough that Neil turned to look at her.
“Kind of scary,” she said quietly.
“Not knowing usually is.”
He put his fork down to reach for her hand.
“Anything I can do?”
“Just what you’ve always done. Love me.”
“I do that. What time do you want to be at the hospital?”
“I’m all packed. Let me get the dishes; then we’ll go.”
Neil shook his head.
“Always competent.”
“At dishes, anyway.”
As her hands finished the few dishes, Bett’s mind raced with the details of what should have been done if she had to stay in the hospital for a week or more. She should have prepared a number of meals for Neil and frozen them. She should have laid out a dress and shoes in case there was a problem with the anesthetic. She wondered if she should leave a note somewhere saying that donations should be made to the American Cancer Society. What if she was to die from the anesthetic and, afterward, it was found that she did not have cancer? Should donations go elsewhere? The Children’s Fund?
Bett fought to brake her thinking. There was no reason to make herself upset. She had a lump. Period. They would take it out. Successfully. She would be home. Tomorrow. In twenty-four hours she would be standing where she was, at that very moment, rubbing a glass with a red and white checked dish towel. The only difference would be that tomorrow there would be more dishes because they would have a celebration. Bett looked forward to using the splayed toothbrush to brush clean the raised grape leaves on the good china.
The Kosters rode to the hospital with few words other than those from the radio announcing Rhode Island’s own Dave McKenna playing piano on “Dancing in the Dark.”
After going through the paperwork of admission and finding Bett’s room, Bett and Neil both remained silent as she unpacked her bag and put away her few things. Finally, after she had run out of things to arrange, she turned to Neil.
“Will you keep your promise?”
“Yes, if you really think it’s the right thing to do.”
“I don’t know. I don’t even know why, Neil, but I’d just rather the kids not know until it’s over.”
“And over is when?”
“At least until I’m out of here. I’m sure that everything is fine and that I’ll be back home tomorrow night. But, if I’m not, if I have to stay, then let’s keep it quiet until I do get home.”
“And if someone calls? Not even if, but when. Bett, if you’re in here for more than a day or two, someone’s bound to call.”
“It shouldn’t be that bad. They were just here. If they call, can’t you say that I’m not there? Then, you can call me, and I’ll call them from here.”
“Bett, I’m not a good liar. You know that. I don’t know why you’re doing this. I don’t know why you didn’t tell all of us over the weekend…or, when you first found out.”
“Please, Neil, don’t. I’m sorry to have to ask you. I don’t want to worry them. That’s one reason. If everything is fine tomorrow, then it’s over before they know. If I had said anything, then, it would have been several days of unnecessary concern. Hovering. I can’t imagine the last two have been fun for you. Secondly, if it ends up that I have to stay, then, I’d rather be alone. If anyone knows, then, Dilly will know, and if Dilly knows, she’ll be here in two hours, and, Neil, you know, if she’s here, it’s not going to leave either me or the doctors much energy to work on getting better.
“I’m better off alone when I’m sick. You know that. Remember how we used to farm the kids out when I would get sick? Being sick takes a lot of energy, and getting well takes even more. If I’m alone, then I can concentrate on what I have to do. That’s the whole reason for spending the extra money on a private room. If the kids know that I’m here, I lose the private room.”
“I understand. I’m different. I’d want everybody here. At least the time would go by. I’ll try. I’ll do my best. But, you know, if Dilly suspects anything, if she gets going, I’m bound to crack. Our best spies couldn’t hold out against that interrogation. She’s the one that should have been a lawyer, or, maybe, a cop. Her investigative skills are too good to be wasted on the small crimes of childhood. I’ll try.”
“I know you will, Neil. Anyway, I don’t even think that it’ll come up. I’ll be home tomorrow, and we’ll give them all a call and tell them the good news.
“You better leave.”
Neil nodded his head in agreement. He pushed himself up from the chair in which he was sitting.
“I’ll be back in the morning.”
“I’ll be right here.”
“Our bed’s going to feel pretty empty tonight.”
“Save my place.”
Neil opened his arms and Bett stepped into their hug. He bent his back so that he could bring his mouth to her ear.
“I love you.”
Bett freed one arm from his embrace and used it to draw his head down so that she could whisper back, “I love you, too, Neil Koster. Always and ever. My only pash.”
Neil’s eyes moistened when he heard her call him her passion. It was a word that she used only for special occasions in the same way someone else might get out the family silver for a birthday dinner. Each tightened his hold on the other in reassurance.
“Sleep tight.”
“You, too.”
“Drugged, I expect.”
“I’ll be here in the morning.”
“Bye bye.”

* * *

Bett awoke as if the sound of voices drifting under the closed doorway had been smoke—instantly and intensely alert. But, disoriented. She thrashed herself up to a half-sitting position for a moment of heart-pounding wariness before falling back. The room was awash in amber as the lights from the parking lot seeped through the orange curtains. Wisps of sound—muted voices, the one-note chime of an elevator, the susurration of the air conditioner, a car engine starting up—wandered aimlessly in through her ears and out, around the densely shadowed room, into her ears again, once around her lightly medicated mind, and out again.
The patient tried to discipline her breathing so that it pulsed as steadily as the machinery guarding the temperature of the building. Despite her efforts, Bett’s chest continued to heave intermittently. Each time it did, the rasp of the moving sheets resounded in her ears. Bett flexed her feet until they hurt, then, relaxed them. She did the same with her calves, her thighs, her biceps, and, lastly, her hands. Several times she curled her hands into tight fists before opening and splaying her fingers. She put the fingers of her right hand onto her chest to feel her heart beat. She began counting the beats. By the time she reached one hundred, her heart seemed to have slowed. She counted to one hundred a second time at a pace that was slower than, and independent of, her heart’s beating. By the end of the second round her heart had slowed itself to match its beat to the tickings in her head. Bett moved her hand over to her right breast. Even with her warm fingertips just barely touching the flushed skin, she thought that she could feel the outline of the growth. With the smooth hard edge of her index finger nail, she traced various incision lines on her flattened breast. It was hard to think of a knife, she imagined a matte knife, slicing through her skin and deep enough into her flesh to reach the buried mass. Once the blade had been drawn through her flesh, what would be found? In the days since Dr. Maurer first had guided her fingers to the lump, she had had scores of different images flit through her mind.
A small, smooth gray stone. A mucus slick, maroon-colored chicken heart. A ball of white roots wrapped around grains of vermiculite. Miss Muffet’s watchful spider with its legs tucked up underneath itself. A shiny, dun-colored beetle. The ruby viscousness of a new scab. A pale pea in a blood red pod. A knot of bittersweet snarled around a lilac. A horse chestnut with the spines of its husk holding itself in place in her flesh. A tiny, pink furless opossum growing in its pouch. A lump of brie ripening and oozing outward. A wad of bread dough rising, growing softer and spongier as it grew. A pearl with a map of minute red and blue vessels winding through the nacre.
For each of the images of the mass she had heard a verb describe its removal. Excised. Eradicated. Removed. Expurgated. Divested. Popped out. Gouged out. Dug out. Chopped out. Pulled out. Torn out. Cut. Out. That was the important thing. That it, in any and all of its Hydra headed forms, was going to come out. But it was hard to hold onto the thought of the growth’s removal along with the thought of being flat on her back with the pressure of a knife drawing through her flesh.
Bett rolled onto her left side. She moved her nail along the deep crease that had formed in her skin along her sternum by the shifting of her breast’s weight. She could imagine a cut along that crease. A small cut and a reaching in to remove a smooth gray stone. She shifted the focus of her fingertips and her thoughts from the mass itself to her breast. She tried to imagine what it would feel like to be as she was, rolled onto her left side, but without the weight of her breast pulling down. She cupped her right hand under her breast to heft its weight and then held it to let her body feel free of its weight.
Bett couldn’t have been more than eight. She was running along the lane that passed through a twelve acre stand of red pines, then, ran alongside a field of timothy and another field of corn, to the hay barn that stood across the dirt road from the main house of The Chimneys. The two tracks of the lane had been cut deep by the frequent passage of tractor and truck wheels. The deep, fine, caramel-colored dust in the tracks muffled the sounds of her feet. The wind from her passage had pulled her thick sun-bleached hair out behind her. She could feel its lofted weight trying to tug her head up straight. She pulled against the weight to look down at the puffs of dust exploding beneath her feet. Running bare-chested, she saw the shape and number of her ribs as her chest drew deep the hot summer air. As she came to a turn in the lane where the short side of the corn field abutted the long side of the gray-green timothy, she used her arms as wings to bank into the curve. Rounding the curve, her lower arm hit the half-open pod of a milkweed plant. The sharp sting to her hand caused her to look back. A wake of white fluff, iridescent in the fading sunlight, streamed behind her. She felt herself to be as light as the fluff-born seed. She was running faster than she ever had run in her life. She could feel she was on the verge of flight. She stretched and her stride lengthened. She was running as fast and as wild as any deer had ever bounded along that path at dusk, startled from its feeding by an unfamiliar sound. As she ran the final yards to the worn wooden wagon ramp of the barn, she saw Opa, sitting in the shadows on an upended crate, shelling the last of the previous year’s popcorn into a metal pail. With the blade-like sharpness of her breath cutting through her words she had yelled, “Opa, Opa, I saw a fox, a big one, and I wasn’t even scared.”
She was scared now. And, if she were to have a breast removed she knew that the surgery would not half restore to her the exhilaration that she had felt when, as a young breast-free girl, she had outraced the fox and chased flight along a hot dry dusty path.
How she had loved to run. Although one of the shortest, she had been one of the fastest children in the neighborhood. She had believed in Opa’s theory of running. He often had told her that the secret to running was picking them up and putting them down faster than anyone else. From time to time, she would experiment. She had tried running with various gaits and styles. She tried moving her arms in tighter piston strokes. She had tried running on her toes. She had tried breathing only through her nose. But in the end she had always gone back to the focused concentration of picking them up fast and putting them down faster.
She had loved running. But by the start of her junior year in high school, she had stopped. Over that summer between her sophomore and junior year, her breasts had grown so large that running had felt more like slogging knee deep through the waters of the mud-thick Eel River than like the nearness of flight. Holding her heavy breast in the darkened hospital room, Bett recalled the sense of betrayal she had felt as her breasts had begun to grow. As her body had changed, irrespective of her wishes, she had grown bitter. As friends around her began growing up, she had been growing out. As her two best friends, Susan Weitzel and Eleanor Schlemmer, had grown from less than five feet to more than five feet six, she had crossed the five foot mark and stopped. Where her friends’ hips and breasts had begun to slowly curve and fill, hers had turned into the round lines of a matron almost overnight. As she had once told a college roommate who had commented on the size of Bett’s breasts, she had gone from nubs to jugs to dugs in less than four years.
As Bett’s breasts grew full, as girls, then boys, then, seemingly, everyone, took notice of the change, she had felt herself being pulled in and channeled. Each change in her body had shortened and restricted the definition of herself. The weight of the new flesh massed in front of her mired her. It constrained her. It redefined her. She lost the broad rights of androgyny, to asexual action, that her prepubescent flesh had afforded her. She lost her chance of flight. As her breasts grew, Bett’s dreams first shrank, then, after a while, changed. It was during those intervening years that Bett could not fathom the other girls’ envy of what to her was such a burden. She couldn’t understand why anyone would want an excess of flesh that demanded attention at each jiggling step. What fool would want a mass of gelatin bobbling back and forth, up and down, side to side? Who would want the burn as bra straps cut deep into the thin skin of shoulders? Who would want the throb that buried itself under shoulder blades as spine and back muscles tried to carry the new weight? Who would want the constant distraction of all that surreptitious attention? A man would notice her from afar. As he approached, he would force his eyes to hers, but as they drew closer still, his eyes would be pulled from her face until, just before they passed, his stare would lock onto her chest. Once past him, she could feel the twisted neck and curious eyes as he tried to record what he had seen. It was as if her breasts were the penultimate sign of a Burma Shave advertisement along a country road. The one that closed the rhyme.
Bett’s breasts had been a bane and a burden. In high school and, more so, in college, she had had to defend them from the frantic investigations of poor hormone-muddled boys. To do so made her feel that she was defending territory that she herself did not want to claim. By nothing more than a biological quirk, she was made a mercenary, hired by the mores of the times, to guard foreign territory that she herself did not value. That sense of unwanted duty had changed with Neil.
When they first began to date, Neil had ignored her breasts. His focus had been on Bett herself rather than on her chest. They had talked for hours, walked for miles, and had seen a half-dozen movies with none of the quick sharp glances that she was used to. Even after swinging their way through several dances, and even after the quick, warm, dry kisses they traded under the protecting canopy of the sycamore trees outside her sorority turned to longer, warmer, wetter connections in the front seat of a borrowed pre-war Chevrolet, Neil seemed to take no notice. As they advanced in their emotional and slowly developing physical intimacy, Bett began to think that Neil liked everything about her but her breasts. The growing realization that he felt about her breasts as she herself did confused her. She found herself growing angry that he ignored what she herself tried to forget. It pained her when he seemed to reject what she herself despised.
Bett used her left hand to pull the flesh of her right breast as far toward the left as its flaccid skin would allow. With her right hand she felt the flatness that she had created. If she were to return home with that unbalanced flatness, unrelieved except for the bright red welt of her wound, would he reject her, or would he act as he had acted forty-five years before? Would he again, kindly and carefully, avoid drawing attention to what she would… Bett tried to hold onto the ellipsis. She wished to leave her thought unfinished, but, despite her efforts the words completed themselves. …would ignore.
Bett’s face hardened. Is that what she would do? If she were to leave her breast in this building, to be sliced up into a deck of metabolically chaotic cards, would she return to Clarke’s Cove ignoring the incompleteness of her body? Would she walk back into her home and pick up her life where it was before the exam? She felt anger growing inside of her. She screwed down her face so tightly that the umbrous air began to pulsate. Why a breast? Why would something grow there? What was the point? What was the point of having breasts on a grandmother anyway? Why didn’t breasts just go away? During menopause? With all the other changes. The heat. The crawling skin. The erratic chemistry of menopause molting a new being out of old flesh. Or was it more pulling an old being out of young flesh? Why couldn’t there be more change? Dugs to jugs and, then, back to nubs? Why shouldn’t an old woman return to the flat-chested weightlessness of her youth? Why, under the weight of old age, be held even more flightless by this sagging, useless weight? What was the sense of that? Why would old unwanted flesh be left to hide such horrible things?
Bett squeezed her breasts until the pain made tears come to her eyes.
Why be betrayed? By something so useless. The sound of the thought of uselessness reverberated inside Bett’s head. Would she return to her home and her husband useless? If she were to leave a breast here in this never quiet, never loud place, what else might remain? She couldn’t imagine what it would feel like to be wheeled down one of the beige and orange halls to the front doors of the hospital while a part of her body remained behind. She couldn’t imagine lying in bed at home being nursed. Useless. If they took her breast, were there any guarantees that they would not want to take more? What else might she have to give up?
When she had given herself up to Neil, and just as much, he to her, Bett had found that he did not dislike her breasts. He intuitively had known of her sensitivity and, out of respect and understanding, he had chosen to be circumspect until she had chosen to make them a gift to him.
In the darkened hospital room Bett smiled in memory at his enthusiasm. A collage of images of their intimacies over forty years assembled in her mind. His tongue tip, made cool by exposure, tracing wet rings around her aureoles. Looking down at her breasts heaving, white loaves risen high from passion, as their pelvises fused in sexual straining. Water cascading in a hotel shower stall so steamy that their bodies were lost in the hot fog while his soap slickened hands reached from behind her to lift her flesh to weightlessness. His teeth nipping through a silk peignoir until her nipples had so distended that the beige silk wrinkled like a thread had been pulled. His mouth sucking unceasingly until her heat and blood and reservations and desire and love had all flowed out her nipples into him and she was left fuller by the giving.
Mouths on her nipples. Neil’s. And Peter’s and Dilly’s and Nita’s and Lise’s. They had all fed from her. She had given comfort and sustenance through her breasts. And had taken comfort and sustenance back. Hot breaths. A tiny, blindly searching mouth took her nipple and her milk and gave back immeasurably more. Sharp, half-crazy, mind-twisting, wave-after-wave of sexual electricity had been matched in emotional weight by the slow, steady ebbing of her milk into her babies’ mouths.
Age and weight, gravity’s inexorable pulling on plastic flesh while she ironed or weeded, rough fierce youth sex and the dreamy touching of less insistent times, the vacuum of hungry mouths demanding their rights to her flesh, all these life forces, had stretched, softened and distended her breasts. And now another kind of force had insisted on its rights to her oft-used flesh.
No. NO! NO!
The soft flesh under her comforting fingers rose and fell as Bett cried.
In hours a tiny mass of mindless cells, not all that much bigger than a pea, would be excised. And if that was all it was, some small growth as benign, as innocuous as a pea, even that excision would take more than the object itself. Even if the growth were as smooth and as self-contained as a pea, a sense of self, a sense of capacity, of possibility, would be taken, too. And, in its place, would be a new and unforgettable, unshakable knowledge of the shifting boundaries between life and its too often ignored, willfully forgotten complement.



Chapter 9


BBBB Bb bbb. DddDdd. RRRrrr. NnNNn . Nnn . VvwWwwLLlsss. NNNn . VvwlllS. Bl ck SW rm. BL cK Dd . Nnn d vvV w Llss. R h. R sH. tch. CH n DDDD VVVvwwWwLLlLsSSs. OWLS. OoOwWWWwww. A. aChe. E. EaSe. EBb. eAt. I. I. III. O. OwE. OwWWhhh. U. U. YOu. You.
Some vowels.
Bett came to. Her first feeling was that she had been a long way away. Some place where oxygen and heat, silence and gravity and time were all stitched into one quilt of comfort. Parts of her, not all willingly, were coming out from under that cover. She felt something twitch inside her half-closed fist. She knew that it was Neil. She tried to understand the slight Morse code of his kinetic fingers. What was the message? How long had she been gone? If she could determine how long she had been away, she might understand his fingers’ message. What had been taken? She was not ready to open her eyes to see. She wanted to remain under the quilt as long as she could. She tried to feel if her breast was gone, but the weight of the cover’s comfort was so heavy that she couldn’t discern her chest’s weight.
Bett stopped measuring to concentrate on breathing. She wanted to be sure that any stray molecule of the gas that had taken her so far away, any spare atom trapped within her nostrils or caught on the sticky mucus of her cilia, might be found and used to keep her covered. With knowledge of the lump had brought restless nights. The anesthetic had taken her to a zone of comfort beyond that of deep sleep. She wished that she could stay longer in that place of peace. But, Neil’s fingers insisted that she come back. They wanted to tell her something; however she wasn’t sure that she wanted to know.
Bett gathered her strength to pass into a place with clear bright light, knowledge, others and whoever it was she had become. She squeezed Neil’s fingers hard to pull herself across the gulf.
“Hi,” said a stranger as Bett opened her eyes.
Bett twitched the corners of her mouth in a return greeting.
The nurse stared at Bett as she rubbed the back of Bett’s hand with her thumb. Bett felt the covers slide from her. She waited for a report on her status. The nurse’s eyes, although focused directly on her own, were empty of information beyond a professional caring. Bett started to ask, “How am I?” but the combination of a dry throat and the residual effects of the anesthetic on her speech center kept the sentence from being completed.
The nurse squeezed Bett’s hand.
“Still pickled?”
Bett gave a little nod.
“Want a sip?”
Bett nodded a second time.
The nurse fumbled with the glass of ice water trying to bring it close enough to Bett so that the adjustable straw would reach her as she lay flat on her back. Bett tried to help by using her heels and elbows to push herself higher up on her pillow. The pain that ripped through her right side when she put weight on her elbow swept out most of the remaining anesthetic. The sound that she made and the face that made it caused the nurse to slop water over the top of the glass. Bett jerked as the icy water splashed onto her collarbone.
“Gone?”
The nurse held her face rigid for a moment before nodding yes.
Bett took a sip of the ice cold water. It cooled the hot spot that had formed at the back of her throat when the woman had nodded yes.
“Done?”
Bett nodded yes and the nurse removed the straw.
“Can you wiggle your toes for me?
“That’s good. That’s a very good effort. We’ll try again later. You’re coming along fine. You just lie here for a little while and then we’ll get you to your room. The surgery went fine. Dr. Falconi said that he’d be by later. Just relax. Everything’s fine.”
In all of her planning Bett had imagined that Neil would be the one to tell her how the operation had gone. She had envisioned waking up to find her hand in his. She had even practiced what her response would be if he told her that she had had a mastectomy. Although she could remember being told that she would go from surgery to a recovery room, she hadn’t incorporated that information into her plans. It didn’t seem appropriate that what might be some of the best or worst news of her life should be delivered by a stranger. Now, when she and Neil first saw one another, they both would know that her breast was gone. It would be a fact. It would be old news. They wouldn’t have shared the moment of change. She, or they, could begin to plan beyond that old news.
Bett tried to pull herself into a tight tough shape to begin to deal with that old news, but she found herself dreaming of the quilt and wishing that she could stay longer in the recovery room away from his knowing eyes.
The nurse came back twice more to ask her to try to move her fingers and toes. She took her blood pressure. She asked Bett her name, the day, and the name of her doctor. Ten minutes after the third examination, she was wheeled out of the recovery room and along the beige and orange corridors to her room.
Neil stood in the corner of the room as the orderly and two nurses maneuvered Bett into bed. As the nurses chattered cheerily between themselves, to her, to Neil and to a larger unnamed audience as to what they were going to do—”Here we go. Upsy daisy. There you are. That’s nice.”—and as to how she was—”You’re fine. Your color’s terrific. Any discomfort?”—Neil tried to maintain eye contact with his altered wife. Each time that a body blocked that connection, they both craned their heads as if they were afraid of becoming lost in a crowd. When the nurses finally finished with their ministrations and instructions, the sudden removal of so much energy made the atmosphere of the room seem to be a half-vacuum.
Neil came around the end of the bed to take Bett’s left hand. She shook her head half in real and half in mock exhaustion.
“Sickness is such a carnival,” she said throatily.
“The sickness part is over. This is the wellness part.”
“True?”
“Dr. Falconi said that the surgery could not have gone better. He said that he’d be by later. How do you feel?”
“Stupid.”
“Don’t knock it. When you start feeling smart again, you’ll probably start feeling pain, too. Does it hurt at all?”
“It did once when I put pressure on my arm.”
“You were in there a long time.”
“Was I? I have no idea. What time is it?”
“It’s almost two. That’s almost six hours.”
“I couldn’t have guessed.”
After several more minutes of talk that dealt with the minutiae of the day while ignoring the major issue, Bett drifted off into a sleep frequently broken by moans, giggles, fluttery lids and nervous fingers. After a long while Neil eased himself from the edge of the bed and returned to the sienna-seated plastic chair.
Neil was lost in his thoughts about various futures when Dr. Falconi appeared in the doorway. The surgeon studied Bett and her records for several moments before motioning to Neil to join him outside the room.
Neil hurried after the physician as he quick-marched halfway down the corridor. Dr. Falconi turned suddenly and waited for Neil to catch up.
“Her signs are fine. How was she? How long has she been sleeping?”
“We talked for awhile. Her spirits were pretty good. We didn’t really discuss the surgery. I didn’t say anything about the radiation.”
“You don’t have to. I will. I just wanted you to know so that that you would be prepared to help her when it’s time to tell her. As I told you after the surgery, the frozen section didn’t look great, but we won’t really know everything until the lab finishes its work, which usually takes three days. We’ll wait to tell her about the radiation when we get the lab results back. That gives her a couple of easy days to recover.”
“What is her prognosis?”
“Mr. Koster, cancer is a very complicated business. We’ll know more in a couple of days. I’ve got rounds to make. I’ll check in one more time before I leave to see if she’s awake.”
“Thank you.”
Dr. Falconi nodded his head before he accelerated down the hallway.
Neil wanted to be angry at the surgeon. He wanted information, solid information, that would allow him to plan his and Bett’s and their lives. The acid of anger began, but the thousand memories of giving the same kind of non-committal answers—to young couples seeking mortgages and business people wanting loans—neutralized its corrosiveness. He walked back to Bett’s room resigned to patience.

* * *

Bett worked diligently at being a good patient for the first three days after her surgery. She endured the massages and persisted at the elevating exercises that were intended to lower the chance of lymphedema in her arm. Dr. Maurer, Dr. Falconi and all of the seemingly endless number of nurses who made up the various rotations each warned her of the necessity of being very conscientious about preventing lymphedema. The surgery that had been done on the axilla nodes in her armpit could affect her arm’s ability to drain away lymph. If she weren’t careful, her arm could swell to be two or three times its normal size. The swelling could become a permanent condition. One nurse, Frannie, who worked the night shift, told her that it had taken her own mother more than a year to bring the swelling down after she had given herself a slight burn while pulling a pan of scalloped potatoes from the oven.
Bett tried to be a good patient, but it wasn’t always easy to know how to do that. Maryann, a large, extremely freckled and extremely friendly nurse who worked during the day, cautioned her to go easy when she found Bett doing vertical finger walks up the window that looked onto the parking lot. She warned that if Bett were too energetic in following her regimen, she might tear the stitching in the skin flap that covered her wound.
Bett tried to be patient when the nurses fussed over the drains that extended through the bandages that covered her chest all the way to her waist. She remained silent on the second day after surgery when both at lunch and dinner time the food which arrived on the tray was different from what she had ordered. She acquiesced to the insertion of the thermometer, the frequent bondage of the blood pressure cuff and the presentation of the nut cups of pain medication. However, after three days of constant care, Bett had reached her limit for being the recipient of others’ kindnesses and concern. She couldn’t remain any longer in a room that was devoted solely to her well-being. She took the pamphlet Dr. Falconi had left and her wallet and padded to the cafeteria for a cup of herbal tea.
Sitting in the large green room with its supposedly warm and upbeat orange furniture drinking lukewarm tea that tasted mostly like the white plastic foam of the cup holding it was wonderful if only because she was the one who had submerged the teabag and decided when the steeping should stop. Sitting at a small square table of wood-grained brown plastic along the back wall, ignoring the pamphlet open before her, Bett welcomed the transfusion of unknown faces and voices which were momentarily forcing out the well-worn thoughts of self that had filled her mind for three days. After more than a half hour of watching various displays of the edgy heartiness that she guessed would only be found in hospitals and courts, she picked up the unread pamphlet, disposed of her trash and slowly walked from the cafeteria.
Bett wandered the corridors trying to draw off some of the electricity which had built-up inside her. Her right shoulder ached, her chest burned, the skin of her stomach, just at the edge of the bandage, itched, but her physical discomfort was exceeded by her agitation. One nurse had told her that the agitation and restlessness were common post-operative symptoms; however the fact that she knew the cause did not alleviate the effects. She noticed a sign for physical therapy at a crossroad in the corridors. She followed directions until she came to a medium-sized room with a number of chrome-plated machines of which she only recognized the stationary bicycles and a rower. The room was empty. It took Bett a long minute to figure out how to adjust the height of the bike seat. She groaned aloud as she put too much weight on her right arm when she mounted the bike. It took three attempts before she correctly interpreted the cryptic messages of lighted red dots that gleamed on the control screen between the yoke of the handlebars. Finally, she managed to enter her weight, selected a program called, she thought appropriately, Rockies Ride, and set a low level of resistance for a ten minute interval.
The recovering patient found that to pedal without pain to her chest or right shoulder that she had to list to the left. She barked a sharp, wheeze-shortened laugh at a flashing memory of Dilly riding her bike lop-sided, the effect of having a large boil on her bottom.
Bett abruptly stopped pedaling when she felt droplets of sweat roll down across her furrowed brow before being caught in the tangle of her eyebrows. It felt so healthy to have her calves and thighs push through the resistance of the pedals. It felt useful to be churning her legs. She would have liked to pedal until her muscles were so fatigued that they would quiver when she climbed down, but the trail of sweat reminded her of her wound. If she began to sweat under her bandages, she could drive herself crazy with itching. A disappointed Bett gingerly dismounted the bike, slowly reached down to pick up her wallet from the floor, then, took time to study the collection of unidentifiable machines before wandering out of the room and back to her exploration of the hospital.
Although her cheeks still felt flushed, Bett’s breathing had returned to normal by the time she walked into the dimly lighted chapel. She couldn’t remember ever seeing a tinier place of worship. The room was no bigger than the linen closet where she had put away the sleeping bags just before entering the hospital. The two maroon-covered straight back chairs, one along each wall, the thick gray carpet, the cottony quiet and the dim yellow lighting from the two wall sconces combined to remind her of a funeral parlor. On the windowless front wall was a backlit stained glass window of Christ tending his flock. Three feet in front of the stained glass was a blond wood prie-dieu.
Bett pulled a chair out from the wall and turned it so that she could face the figure of Christ. She had been told the very first day by Dr. Maurer that if her lump were cancerous there might be a post-surgical need for either radiation or chemotherapy or both, or even a hysterectomy or oophorectomy. She had heard the words, but as she had been overwhelmed by too many others things, the words hadn’t really registered. She had been sure that her lump would be benign. When Dr. Falconi had stopped by that morning to check her drains and review her medication, he had told her that the pathologist’s report indicated that cancer had been present in some of the nodes which they had removed. After a period of silence while each waited for the other to speak, Bett had asked what the implications were. Dr. Falconi had said that the size of her tumor and the fact that her underarm was involved meant that her cancer was considered to be a Stage II situation. The most common treatment for Stage II patients was to follow up surgery with five or six weeks of radiation therapy. Twice, he repeated that even though her cancer had spread beyond her breast, Stage II was considered to be early stage breast cancer. The recovery rates were high. He had offered her the names of three radiation therapists whom he thought did good work. He had told her that he and Dr. Maurer, who also had her pathology report, were willing to answer any questions that she had. He had left her the pamphlet on radiation therapy.
Bett looked down from the figure of the bronze-haired Christ to the teal-colored guide to radiation in her hand. She wanted help, but she felt she had taken too much help in the last several days to be able to take anymore. She wanted to return to that lifelong feeling of competency which had been missing for a week longer than her breast. She wanted to pull some strength down from the figure of Christ, but she found she could not. Her faith, though strong, had been little used. Her religion had tended to be a one-way conduit. She gave her energy, her love, her worship, her pies and cakes, her flowers, and her voice to God. On those few occasions in her life when she had had a need, rather than reaching out to God for help, she had turned to herself to find some untapped inner reserve, some heretofore unrealized increment of will. Or, she had turned to Neil.
Bett stared at the pamphlet in her hands. She didn’t want to open it. It seemed strange to her not to want knowledge. In her pregnancies, especially during her series of miscarriages, during Nita’s problems with DES, after Peter had come home from Viet Nam, she had read everything she could find to help her to understand the situation and, thus, to be of use. She thumbed the sharp edges of the glossy paper. She didn’t want to know. She did not want to know what was going to happen. She wasn’t even sure that she would allow anything else to be done to her. She put her hand on the bandage over where her breast had been. She moved her fingertips up to her armpit. Maybe that was all that she was willing to give to this disease. It seemed so powerful. She had known that it wasn’t cancer, but it was. In the small doubtful corner of her mind where she had thought that what she was growing might be malignant, that small place had known with surety that the tumor would be contained. But that intuition had been wrong; the tumor hadn’t been in situ. The cancer was invasive. Like burdock and crab grass. Termites and earwigs. She had chosen the one-stage operation rather than the two-stage. She had chosen to have a mastectomy rather than a lumpectomy. She had reached beyond the recommended procedure twice because she wanted it done with. There were limits. She wasn’t sure what they were, but she felt herself to be very close to them.
Bett looked back up at the sapphire and ruby colors outlining the pearlescent figure of Christ. Drs. Falconi and Maurer were shepherding her through this business, but, although she trusted in their good intentions, she had growing doubts if they knew where they or the cancer itself was going. Either they were one step behind the disease, or they were on top of it but chose to hold back the information from her—either because the path to recovery was so terrible or because it led to nowhere but to her death.
Bett’s eyes drifted from the shepherd to the sheep. There were four sheep hovering around the legs of Christ. She wished she could find the simple faith of sheep. She wished she knew more about how to follow. For most of her life, she had been the one in front. It hadn’t been since the days of hoeing down the rows with Opa that she had been a follower. Bett longed for a simple faith. She tightened her hand into a fist and gently knocked it against her wound. Looking at the figure of Christ she prayed, “Please, God, give me the faith to go where I’m supposed to go and do what I’m supposed to do. I am very lost and very afraid and filled with doubts. Please give me strength and guide me.”
Bett sat still for many minutes. As she sat, she stared at the luminescent colors of the stained glass. Her eyes traced the lead bead around the fragments of colored glass as if she were tracing a map. She softened her focus so that the scene became a jigsaw puzzle of colored glass. She tightened her focus to scrutinize what message might be contained within the picture. The longer Bett sat, the more difficult it became to remain still. She could feel the heat of anger spread down out of her head, across her shoulders and down into the tips of her fingers. The anger added fire to the heat of her wound. It added more itch to the skin that she couldn’t scratch. Its boiling heat surged down her thighs, and little impeded by the bent blood vessels, rounded the corners of her knees. It began to fill up her calves, ankles and feet with a vibrant energy. She sat and seethed and forgot that she had prayed. The agitation of the anger passed into the atoms of her flesh. Although she remained seated, Bett felt as though every cell of her body was poised to break away. Finally, the anger overwhelmed her. Bett jumped up from the chair. She broke off her stare of the flock at Christ’s feet. She wouldn’t be a sheep. She wouldn’t just follow. She would fight.

* * *

The woman at the administration office, whose tag said Eunice, was surprised at Bett’s request.
“Usually, it’s the opposite. People want to transfer into a private room.”
“I’ve been in there for almost four days. I feel pretty good. I seem to be healing fine. I want some company. I’m tired of reading.”
“I hear you. I go on vacation. After three days I’m ready to come back. I’m going to put you in 218. That’s upstairs in the Bellscomb wing. Do you know where it is?”
“Yes.”
“You’ll have to wait a little until I can round up an orderly to move you.”
“That’s okay. I don’t have too much. I can do it myself.”
“House rules.”
“All right. Thank you. Should I call my doctor?”
“No, we’ll take care of that.”
“Thank you, again.”
“You’re welcome. I hope you like your roommate.”
“I’m sure I will.”
When she stepped through the light blue doorway of room 218, Bett was shocked. In a bed surrounded by machines was a small lump. At one end of the lump, just above the edge of the covers, was a small jaundiced face. Clear plastic tubes were going up into the nostrils of a nose which was much too large for the face. The head was slightly elevated. The decisiveness with which the nose split the face and the tilt of the head made the woman’s face look as if it were trying to wedge its way deeper into the atmosphere. Although the eyes were shut in apparent sleep and the breathing, though raspy, was regular, Bett thought the woman looked desperate for oxygen.
On each side of the bed were tall machines with tubes running from them to under the bed covers. On the right side of the bed, nearer the door, were a wheeled patient table and a night stand filled with flowers. She counted four four-inch pots of cyclamen, each topped with pale pink blossoms, each pot wrapped in gold foil. She wondered if everyone knew the patient loved pink cyclamen, or if one visitor had brought all four plants, or if there were a sale on cyclamen at the floral shop in the nearby grocery. Making these exotic members of the primrose family look plebian was an arrangement that held several orange and blue crane-shaped blooms of a bird of paradise, the ripening red pine cone-like bracts of a ginger blossom and some type of purple orchid she didn’t recognize. Another arrangement, the one she liked best, was a jar filled with black-eyed Susans, Peter Pan zinnias, Shasta daisies and spikes of blue salvia and statice.
The tubes in the woman’s nose made a gurgling sound that drew Bett’s attention away from the flowers. The patient’s cheek muscles moved and the breathing grew more guttural. Bett was unsure whether to go into the room to lie down or whether she should continue her travels, then, check back later to see if the woman had awakened. She thought it would be a breach of privacy to move in next to a stranger without first having been introduced, but she knew that the etiquette of a hospital was not that of the outside world. In the last few days total strangers had seen and touched more of her body than Neil or any member of her family ever had.
As Bett was wrestling with her decision, the woman’s nasal drain made a sound reminiscent of pulling the plug on a sink full of dish water. Her face tilted farther forward in its search for sustenance and she opened her eyes. Once opened, the eyes stared straight ahead. Bett waited to be noticed for at least a minute before she tapped the doorway with her knuckles.
“Hello. How are you? I’m Bett Koster. I’m going to be joining you.”
Bett nodded toward the empty bed.
The woman looked to where Bett had nodded and seemed surprised to see a bed there. She moved her mouth several times before wetting her cracked lips with her milk-colored tongue.
“Ellen. Mordeck. Hello.”
Ellen paused to devote all of her attention to withdrawing an arm from under the covers. In slow motion she spread her fingers and tipped her hand toward the empty bed.
“Welcome. Pajama party. Popcorn. Elvis. Dance.”
Bett stared hard at Ellen’s small yellow face to see if a sense of gallows humor or the dreams of drugs were responsible for the fractured invitation.
When Ellen closed the fingers of her upraised hand, the IV that was taped to her wrist writhed itself into a large coil. Bett watched intently as Ellen rubbed her middle finger against her thumb. It took her a long moment to realize that Ellen was trying to snap her fingers but with the same soggy, soundless ineffectuality of a fog-softened match against a damp striker.
Bett snapped fingers on both her hands twice. Ellen nodded and smiled a slow-growing crooked smile. After that exchange, Bett walked in and put her purse and the radiation handout on the night stand next to her bed. She wondered about the protocol of the pajama-striped room divider. Would pulling the curtain be interpreted as respect for Ellen’s privacy or rejection of her? Would leaving it undrawn be read as friendliness or nosiness? She half-turned to Ellen.
“Should I draw this?”
“Forget Frost. No fences. Just neighbors.”
“I hope very good neighbors,” Bett said quietly.
Ellen slowly nodded her head in affirmation.

* * *

When Bett left the hospital four days later it was hard for her to decide who had been the better neighbor. Each had succored the other’s wounds. Each had nursed the other, with most of the ministrations going to the heart. They had laughed at the absurdity of immortality. They had laughed harder at the absurdity of mortality. Although each was acidic in her humor, each worked to keep the other from saying anything too bilious to swallow. There had been no growing friendship. They had been good friends from the first moments. As early as the evening of the second day, Bett and Ellen had talked of how each had felt a comfort from the other from the first moments. Several times in those days, they wondered whether the closeness came from being kindred souls or because they were in kindred circumstances.
Despite the attention that was paid to them by others, Ellen and Bett drew a special sustenance from the other. Neil would come to visit Bett. He would be warm, concerned, caring, and, unknown to himself, obviously fearful. He would try to be useful, offering Bett juice or town news or his arm for a walk. Ellen’s husband, Barry, or her sons, Marty and Phil, or her daughters-in-law, Lauren and Liz would come for a visit. They would bring flowers, laughter, messages of good will from neighbors. The visitors would come and give of themselves and, then, finally, leave, and the patients would be left exhausted. After everyone had gone, Ellen and Bett would pass their friendship back and forth like a canteen until they had refilled the strength which their well-meaning guests had depleted.
The two patients talked several times about the energy it took to be a good patient-host. It had reminded both of them of coming home from the hospital with a newborn to a house full of neighbors and family. They talked of the rhythms of their healing. Ellen’s adventure with death had begun as a temporary colostomy as a partial treatment for diverticulitis. When the surgeon botched the colostomy, she had come in close to dying from peritonitis. The surgery to repair the first surgery had taken forever. There had been complications. There had been more infection. The infection had led to all the IV lines and feverishness. The feverishness had led to nightmares. The nightmares had led to… She was going to make it. She knew it.
They talked about the ironies. Ellen had to get well so that she would be strong enough that they could make her sick again when they operated to reverse the colostomy. Bett had to be made sick with radiation so that she might be well.
They talked of guilt. Ellen felt guilty that she had put her body and her family through so much for so little reason. Doctors, nurses, family members and friends had come out of the woodwork to tell her that the addition of a little bran to her diet would have prevented her condition. An occasional muffin, a sprinkling on cereal could have prevented a fast dance with death, two surgeries, thousands of dollars and all the fear and worry that she had to feel and, worse, watch. She felt herself a fool.
Bett, too. She was such a dedicated gardener. She culled out the smallest stones. She sorted through and tossed shriveled corms and spongy roots. She weeded. She pinched back buds. She watered and fed, pruned and trimmed. She trimmed and, occasionally, even buffed her nails. She shaved her legs, brushed and flossed her teeth. She rubbed creams onto her hands and cheeks. She had her hair cut and colored. Unlike Ellen, she even ate oat bran and made a point of getting enough iron and calcium. She took care of gardens, and others and herself in so many ways. But she did not regularly examine her breasts. Ellen did.
They talked of health and hope, children and husbands, new movies and old dances. During lunches they teased each other with made-up menus of what they would have served in lieu of what was on their trays. They talked of the less troubled joy of blood relations a generation removed—their grandparents and grandchildren. They talked of faith, of forgiveness and acceptance and courage. Twice they skirted near but didn’t talk of death.
In the hour before it was time for Bett to be checked out, they talked of continuing their friendship. Each promised to stay in touch, but neither knew if they could.



Chapter 10


Dilly Koster-Phelps churned across her parents’ lawn, up the steps and across the porch with the ungainly forthrightness of an M-1 tank through a stand of bamboo. Before her hand could reach the handle of the screen, her voice began its assault.
“Mother, Mother? Where are you? How are you? How could you? I can’t believe this. How could this have happened to us? Why didn’t you tell us? Mother? Mother?”
As Dilly pounded through the house the pitch of her voice bounced back and forth a full octave as it tried to find the right key for her concerns and complaints. Rushing through the downstairs rooms, she looked out the windows to see if her mother were down on the dock or out in one of the gardens. The treads thundered as she raced upstairs.
“Mother, Mother? Where are you?”
In the small interlude of silence as her lungs gulped for air, Dilly heard Bett’s voice, calm as always but, somehow, softer and flatter say, “Honey, I’m in Nita’s room. Come in.”
The sound of her mother’s voice, the same, yet changed, caused Dilly to stop moving. Since her father’s call that morning to tell her that her mother had had a breast removed and had been in the hospital for a week, Dilly had been in such turmoil that, despite her typically over-active imagination, she had not filled in all of the details of what her father’s information meant. In one sense she knew that everything had changed, or would change. She knew that some carefree assumptions must change. Holidays would be different. There would be an even greater value put upon having the family together. Her mother’s body would be changed. Dilly, the frantic daughter, had imagined that the scars of the surgery might look like the puckered seams of a doll made from stuffing batting into a nylon stocking. As she had driven south through the glaring sun of a perfect September day, Dilly had thought about insurance coverage, sleeveless dresses, bathing suits and prosthetics. But, now, as she stood perfectly still except for the heaving of her chest and the unconscious rubbing of her sweat-dampened fingers, Dilly realized that there were a million changes that she had not considered.
She certainly had not considered that her mother’s voice might be different.
Although Dilly frequently changed the actuarial data of the rest of her family’s lives, she usually thought of both her mother’s and her own LEs as constants. While she scrutinized her father’s face for premonitions of a stroke, studied Nita’s hair for gray and attended to Lise’s breasts for signs of sagging, Dilly perceived her mother through a filter of memory which mitigated change. If Dilly had been asked to pick from an album the most representative photograph of her mother, the choice would have been one taken when Dilly was in her late teens and her mother in her early forties. It would have shown Bett’s short solid body. Bett’s broad face, prominent German wurst of a nose and jowly chin would have been quite tan. The beginnings of age would have been obvious—some gray in the hair, a network of lines around the eyes, faint crease marks dropping perpendiculars from the corners of her lips down across her first chin. That photo was the image that Dilly carried in her mind of her no longer aging mother.
At some deep level Dilly knew that her image of her mother was unreal. She knew age had acted as the confident sculptor, gouging ever deeper marks into the clay. She knew her deception, yet from an unspeakable fear, she submerged it. To see her mother as she really was would threaten Dilly’s carefully nurtured capacity to see herself as she would wish to be.
Change and stasis. One of the linchpins of constancy for Dilly was her mother’s voice. In many people the voice never changes. As all else rots and erodes, the vocal cords stay young. Walking into a fiftieth high school reunion one might hear much of the same ringing laughter of one’s youth and expect to see the same person responsible for that long ago sound. One turns and is surprised by a shrunken, mottled, wrinkled, cruelly caricatured visage. The voice is the body’s only enduring vestige of youth. It carries the bright sound of youth long past youth’s brief time, like an echoing cymbal at the end of a song.
In her time in the car, between the surges of panic and anger, Dilly had prepared herself to accept that her mother would not resemble her carefully kept image. She would find someone somewhat new, but of all the changes she had considered, she had never imagined that a different voice would greet her. Dilly shook her hands to evaporate the sweat and took two deep breaths before walking toward Lise’s room.
Entering the closed-blind shadows of the room, Dilly widened her focus to instantly absorb all of the details of the room and its occupant. She saw the glass of clear flat soda with a few straggling bubbles clinging to the side. The glass held a bent straw, a primary signal in the semiotics of sickness in the Koster family. A box of tissues and a bottle of skin lotion, an opened book tossed down on the bed sheets, a slowly rotating fan. Heavy arms looking dark in the umbrageous light. Hair flattened from perspiration and sleep. Flaccid skin over cheekbones. A smiling mouth. An unbalanced emptiness under the ancient shrug. Dilly saw everything but her mother’s eyes.
As she bent her lips to her mother’s cheek, she whispered, “Mother, Mother. Oh, my God, how are you?”
“Honey, I’m fine. Just tired. I’m in here because it’s cooler.”
“I almost died when Dad called. I can’t believe it.”
“I’m that way, too, sometimes. I’ll be myself for a minute, then, suddenly realize that not all of me is here. It’s an astounding feeling to realize that a part of your body is gone.”
“Does it hurt?”
“Actually it does, quite a lot. It’s a funny feeling. It can feel very hot and sharp and dull and throbbing all at the same time.”
“I couldn’t believe it when Dad said that you’d had a mastectomy. A modified radical. My God, aren’t they extinct? I couldn’t believe that you didn’t have a lumpectomy. Why not? They say they’re the same. Aren’t the results the same?”
“I guess with certain kinds of tumors they’re starting to think that’s true. I decided to make everything as simple as possible. To get it over with at once. It worked out okay. It was invasive. It was the kind of tumor that spreads easily. When they take your whole breast and the nodes, there’s a better chance of catching any cells that have begun to spread.”
Dilly looked away from Bett’s face. Her father hadn’t told her that. The next obvious question would be to ask about her mother’s prognosis, but she couldn’t bring herself to ask the obvious. Instead she asked, “How was the food?” with the same inflection of concern that she had used in her first questions.
As was frequently the case in a conversation with Dilly, it took Bett a moment to follow in the direction that her daughter had chosen to go. She had been expecting an interrogation regarding her prognosis, and she had her answers to that topic carefully rehearsed.
“Honey, what?”
“The food. How was it? Was it good? Was it healthy at all? I doubt it. You’re in a hospital. You’re fighting for your health. Your body needs all the help it can get. You need help, but you can expectﾁ Salisbury steak, iceberg lettuce and orange dressing and a double-sized brownie. Great. Brownies—the building blocks of good health. Did they try to build you back up with brownies?”
Bett was glad that Dilly’s attention had turned from Bett herself to the hospital. She decided to give her daughter grist, or she thought as Bett smiled to herself, in this particular instance, lack of grist for her mill.
“You know, Dilly, I think they work hard at the desserts because they know it perks up the patients. More so than barley or bulgur or beets.”
“So, a happy patient is a healthy patient? Keep smiling as you die from malnutrition and they find you stone cold and stiff with a frozen smile and a trail of chocolate drool down across your chin.”
“Honey, I’m home. I’m fine.”
“You must be the exception. People who get out of the hospital, those who manage to survive, aren’t fine. They need at least a week at home to recover from each day in the hospital. And that has nothing to do with the surgery or the reason that they went in the first place. That’s just the time it takes to recover from the lack of nutrition, the lack of fresh air, the exposure to every kind of germ imaginable and the lack of sleep from the constant noise and interruptions. It’s got to take two weeks just to de-tox from the television. Were you in a private or a double room?”
Bett felt a small knot in her stomach draw tight as the search light swung back onto her. She quickly formulated her answer in a way that she thought might divert Dilly’s attention.
“Both. I started in a private room and then moved to another room when I got tired of being alone. There were two of us. A very nice woman. Very nice. With diverticulitis.”
“Oh, my God. She’d probably just had a colonoscopy. It must have been terrible. How bad was the smell?”
“Honey, there wasn’t any.”
“Mother, Mother, how could there not be a smell? They made a hole in her colon. How could she not smell?”
“Dilly, she didn’t smell, she was fitted with a bag.”
Dilly gave two loud sighs as she shifted her voice into its patient mode. She began to speak more slowly as if her mother were from China.
“Mother, Mother, you know how you complain when Dad brings that terrible limburger cheese home from the grocery.”
“Yes, dear. It’s not my favorite. The odor has caught me off-guard several times.”
“That would be the odor of a dirty diaper?”
Bett laughed. “It’s close.”
“And where does the limburger come from?” asked Dilly with more than a tinge of smugness.
“From Germany.”
The anticipatory thrill of approaching victory entered Dilly’s tone. “Yes, Mother, from Germany. The Germans make limburger. The same people that are credited with both brilliant business acumen and, even more so, outstanding engineering and scientific skills. Right, Mother?”
Knowing now what Dilly’s conclusion was going to be Bett tried to enrich her voice with as much concessionary defeat as possible. For just the briefest moment she considered drawing Dilly’s conclusion for her, but her maternal love quelled her urge to best her fractious daughter in such a small meaningless skirmish.
“Yes, Dilly, the Germans have always been highly regarded as scientists and engineers.”
“So, if the brilliant German scientists can’t figure out a type of packaging to keep a small block of cheese from smelling like death by diarrhea before it has even been opened, how can someone, an American, with a hole in her colon not smell? You see?”
“Yes, dear. I see what you’re saying. You may be right, you probably are. Perhaps, she did smell, but I just failed to notice it. Perhaps it was the medications that I was on.”
Dilly enjoyed her victory for only a moment before she continued with her mother’s debriefing. By the end of an hour, all of Dilly’s preconceptions about the what and how of Bett’s diagnosis and treatment, ideas which she had been fabricating from the moment of her father’s phone call, ideas constructed from the extensive collection of newspaper, television, magazine and anecdotal scraps which Dilly held helter-skelter in her mind, all of Dilly’s pre-conceptions were proved true despite what her mother said to the contrary.
After an hour of being grilled, Bett felt as sapped as she had the second morning after her surgery—after all the anesthetic had been absorbed by her body, and after her cells had had a chance to understand the carpet bombing they had been through. Bett said she was tired and asked Dilly if she would mind if she took a quick nap.
No one in the Koster family, except for her father, ever took naps. To hear her mother admit to tiredness in the middle of a brilliant blue and gold September day, the kind of perfect day when a million things could be accomplished, was as shocking to Dilly as the altered sound of Bett’s voice had been. Dilly started to say something to rally her mother from tiredness, but, suddenly, she stopped. An unwelcome truth tried to well over her. Surrounding her mother with talk and, more importantly, deadening her own fearsome thoughts with non-stop chatter would not diminish the threat to her mother, nor, and again more importantly, the threat to herself. Her vulnerability cut Dilly with a lancination as sharp and precise as a surgeon’s probe. She reached for her mother’s hand and squeezed it. As she did, Dilly was unsure for whom the reassuring gesture was meant.
After Dilly left the room, Bett stared at the swirls of motes coursing up and down the shards of bright light coming in at the edge of the blinds. She tried to think of something from which she could draw strength. A few minutes later she noticed the far off whir of the food processor. Before she fell into a light sleep, Bett smiled and ruefully shook her head at the thought of her oldest daughter, and in so many ways, her youngest child, reducing anything and everything vegetative in the kitchen to a healthful sludge.
Less than an hour later, a full deposition’s worth of new questions drove Dilly back up the stairs to Lise’s room. She found her mother sleeping. Bett kept her breathing regular and her lids still until Dilly turned from the doorway and made her way back downstairs again.
It wasn’t until after her father had been offered and meekly eaten a zucchini-laden ersatz gazpacho, until after the dishes were done and the sun had slid so far down in the sky that her mother’s face was enshrouded beyond recognition that Dilly found the courage to ask the questions to which she had no preconceived answers. In the garnet gloam of her sister’s bedroom, with much of the heat of the day still lingering in its darkened corners, Dilly listened to Bett explain the regimen that she would undergo in the ensuing months. As soon as her wounds had had a chance to heal, she would begin six weeks of radiologic treatments. Depending upon the outcome from the radiation, there was a small chance that a program of chemotherapy might be needed. Although the doctors were somewhat guarded, as they always were, as nearly as Bett could tell they were confident that things would be okay. They acted as if the radiation was primarily cautionary and that there would be no need for chemotherapy. She herself planned to do what was suggested. She wasn’t afraid to fight. She had lost a breast. She might lose her appetite. She might lose sleep or, even, some hair. But, Bett assured Dilly, she was not going to lose her life. There was too much to live for. She asked Dilly to tell her sisters and brother that their mother would need room to fight back against the cancer. She would need the freedom to fight more than she would need constant attention. If she needed help, she assured Dilly that she would ask for it. She promised they would talk on the phone often, but she asked the visits be kept to a minimum, at least until the radiation treatment was completed.
As she nodded yes to her mother’s requests, Dilly was pondering how she would get around them. Her mother needed her. Maybe not as much as a child, but a lot.

* * *

“She lied to us. I can’t believe it.”
“Dilly, she didn’t.”
“No one knew.”
“That’s her right.”
“We could have helped.”
“We could have hurt.”
“I can’t believe you’re not upset.”
“I can’t believe you are. No, that’s not true. I can, but, Dilly, it’s her body, her health, and her right to choose the treatment and the environment. If she didn’t want to tell us, either because she didn’t want to worry us or because she didn’t want the confusion of having us around, that is her prerogative.”
“Well, if that’s true, then what’s family supposed to mean? What is the point of being in a family if not to share these things? Tell me that, Nita.”
“Dilly, she did share it. Just not on the schedule you would have preferred. By the way, if it’s not too forward of me, how is she? How’s she feel? How’s she look?”
“She looks terrible, how else would she look? You should see her, Nita. She looks haggard. She’s lost a tremendous amount of weight. Her tan’s all gray.”
“A little weight loss shouldn’t hurt her. How’s she feel?”
“She hurts. I mean they cut her whole breast off. God, how big a scar is that? I can’t even believe it. No one has a mastectomy anymore. It’s medieval. Lumpectomy. Everyone gets a lumpectomy. That surgeon, Falconi, who I certainly never heard of before today, have you, must hate women.”
“I doubt it. Informed consent holds. Doctors have to spell out the alternatives. The patient makes the choice. I had a client last year who had a double mastectomy before they even found any cancer. Her mother and older sister had both died of breast cancer. She didn’t want to chance it, so she had both of them removed. They took her breasts; her husband took a walk; I took the case. I saw her not too long ago at an aerobics class. She’s sure that she made the right choice. A new husband’s a lot easier to get than a new life. She’d watched her sister die.”
“That’s not going to happen here.”
“No one said it was.”
“It’s just so hard to believe. Stupid, too. I never thought that I’d say that about Mother.”
“Fill me in. Why stupid?’
“You know what? She hadn’t been doing BSE. Who knows for how long.”
“BSE being?”
“NIIITTTAAAA!”
Nita felt the muscles of her neck tighten as her sister dragged out the sound of her name as if she were a vendor at Boston’s Haymarket. It was a sound that Dilly had been making for more than thirty years. Nita vividly recalled years of racing around the neighborhood or home from school. Dilly, four years older, would stop running and turn back toward her to impatiently shout, NIIITTTAAAA!, to demand that her little sister run faster. By the time Nita was nine she could run faster than her overweight sister. As she raced ahead, Nita would hear Dilly imploring her to slow down by breathlessly yelling, NIIITTTAAAA!
“BSE. Breast self-examination. Don’t tell me you don’t do it either.”
“Of course, I do. But, I live in a world of acronyms. I don’t remember all of them.”
“I can’t believe she wasn’t checking herself.”
“I guess I can.”
“You can?”
“Sure. Mom’s always taken better care of everyone else than herself.”
“I can’t get over it. My mother doesn’t check herself, she gets cancer, she has major surgery, she stays in the hospital for eight days, and she, and Dad, too, dammit, don’t tell anyone. What if she’d died? Dad would call, ‘Oh, by the way, your mother passed away during surgery. Pass it on. I’ve got the lawn to mow.’”
“She didn’t. When’s the radiation start?”
“They’re not sure. She has to heal some more…”
While listening to her sister, Nita remembered the many times when they were young that Dilly had insisted on nursing her. Being nursed by Dilly was like being a mouse being played with by a cat. Every time the mouse would start to escape, the cat would stun it with a controlled blow. If the mouse remained still too long, the cat would toss it into the air to perk it up. As a child, if Nita were feverish and fussy and wanted a story read to her, Dilly would be apt to tuck the too hot covers around her, command her to shut her eyes, and then turn off the light. If Nita were to fall asleep, then Dilly would wake her up to read her a story. In Nita’s opinion, the goal of Dilly’s ministrations had been less the comfort of the patient and more the chance to control someone.
As Dilly fumed over the phone, Nita found herself thinking of what she had felt upon learning that Bett had had surgery. From the moment she had heard her mother’s voice, Nita had known that something was wrong. As her mother went through the chronology of what had happened, Nita had found herself wanting to stop her, or, at least, to guide the narrative as she might coach a witness. As Bett proceeded, Nita had found herself freefalling through her memory. She had had the urge to throw her arms and legs out wide to increase the resistance, to guide the descent, to brake the fall.
Nita remembered how, for ten years, she had lived on the edge of her life knowing that something had been done to her that could cause her body’s processes to throw off their law-like behavior, to catapult her over the edge. Although she had gone on with many aspects of her life and had done so with a spirit and strength that all around her had admired, a part of Nita, an intensely aware, energy-consuming aspect of her, had maintained a constant, vertiginous, fearful vigilance. The years had passed…slowly… until, finally, at the age of twenty-five she had been given statistical permission to step back from the edge.
When Bett described the details of what had happened in the hospital and what was ahead, Nita re-experienced the sense of being edged toward an abyss. She had wondered if her mother had wakened yet in the middle of the night with the same sense that Nita herself had often had that some malign aspect of her body had taken advantage of her loss of consciousness to begin its errant growth. Had her mother, too, learned to fear falling asleep?
As she had listened to her mother that morning, Nita had heard a second voice, a voice usually too soft to hear either often or clearly, express satisfaction at the justice of her mother experiencing what she herself had had to feel for so long. Nita recoiled from that gloating whisper, but she had heard it enough times, both as a reader of newspaper tragedies and as a lawyer, not to try to pretend that it was anything other than her own surviving victim victor’s voice. She knew that the voice, whose timbre was no stronger than the rustle of papers in a crowded courtroom, was a sibling to Dilly’s strident whining. She knew that its bare audibility made it no less selfish than Dilly’s clarion call.
In her practice of family law, having seen the rapacious results of failed marriages—blindly hungry adults and achingly needy children—Nita had often wondered how she and Dilly, and Peter, and who knew about Lise, could be so needy. It was hard to understand how parents as kind and loving, forthright and generous as Neil and Bett could produce such a group of misfits. Having grown up seven years his junior, it was hard for Nita to remember how Peter had been as a child, but as an adult he seemed to be a mass of scars, like someone who had fallen through a plate glass window. Despite knowing how the DES threats had changed her, Nita had a hard time understanding how it was possible that one year in Viet Nam could transcend and transplant twenty-two years of Bett and Neil’s parenting. As early as Nita could remember things had never been right for Dilly. Whatever there was, it was never enough. No amount of love or attention, or subservience, or food had ever been enough. And Nita herself, did that mockingly gentle voice of mean-mindedness come solely from the years of threat brought by the DES, or was it something present long before the threat of disease and death? She didn’t know. In many ways it was as hard for her to remember how she was before the DES threat as it was to remember Peter growing up. When she thought about it, as she always must when she heard the tiny voice, she wasn’t even sure that she wanted to know the answer. If the DES truly had changed her, what did that say for her character?
Nita cut off her own thinking to catch the tail end of Dilly’s explanation of the tattoo that Bett would get to insure the proper targeting of the gamma rays.
“How long are you staying?”
“I’m not sure. I have to talk to Bill about the kids. Maybe a week. Maybe more.”
“Dilly, are you sure? Are you sure being there that long is going to be a help?”
“Of course. She’s weak. She needs help.”
“Did she say that? Did she tell you that she wanted you to stay that long?”
“No, Nita, she didn’t. Is that relevant? You just said that she has a hard time asking for help.”
“Not really, but, you’re right, she does have a hard time asking. But, I also think that she doesn’t want or need a lot. Just ask her, or ask Dad.”
“When are you coming?”
“I can’t come until late in the weekend. It’s a terrible week. I’ll drive down on Saturday night, or day trip on Sunday. If she wants visitors.”
“Really, Nita, I can’t believe you’re not on your way, now. After all the nursing she’s given you.”
“Don’t start, Dilly. I’ve got a week’s worth of work to do tomorrow and Saturday. When I talked to Mom this morning…”
“What do you mean this morning? She called you?”
“Yes, she did.”
“Well, Dad called me.”
“Dilly, don’t. A family’s not a contest.”
“Oh, no? That’s funny coming from you, Nita. Isn’t that what you do for a living? Turn a family into a contest? Determine the winners and losers?”
Nita didn’t want to reopen an argument that Dilly had tried to make ever since law school. Dilly professed to believe that it was the large numbers of lawyers, most of whom obviously were unscrupulous, who were responsible for half of America’s marriages ending in divorce. She didn’t want to do something that would push a member of her family apart at a time when it needed to be drawing together. She didn’t want to begin an argument that might get so heated that she would feel compelled to draw the weaknesses of Dilly and Dilly’s marriage into the fight.
“How’s her appetite? What’s she eating?”
“If you were here, you’d know.”
“Dammit, Dilly, back off. I’m not looking for a fight.”
“I’m not fighting. I’m just stating a fact. If you want to know more about her, come down to see her.”
“I’m planning to.”
“When it’s convenient.”
“No, Dilly, when it’s possible.”
“Leave it to Dilly. She’s got nothing better to do.”
“Look, Dilly, I know this has probably scared the hell out of you. I can understand that. It scares me, too, but you are really whacked. Maybe I’ll see you Saturday night.”
The phone clicked before Dilly knew what she wanted to say. After she dropped the receiver back onto its cradle, Dilly savored how she was always being victimized. People either took her for granted or they dismissed her. After eating just the frosting off that feeling and saving the cake for later, Dilly picked the phone back up and dialed her home. She spent the next half hour telling her children what they should wear to school in the morning and telling Bill what all of them should eat over the weekend.
After she had hung up, Dilly went looking for her father. She found him sitting in the wicker rocker on the dark porch. Pushing through the screen door she didn’t know whether she wanted to sit at his feet and cry or tell him to get out of the damp before he gave himself arthritis.

* * *

Before going to bed, Nita stood naked in front of the full length mirror secured to her bedroom door and looked at her breasts. Later, as she lay in bed unable to sleep, she tried to drown out the smug little voice that had been nattering all day. She thought that if she could just rid herself of that venal judge that she might do what she had not been able to do for a very long time. Cry.

* * *

Peter Koster drew the woven wire Chinese skimmer across the simmering water. Silvery cloves of garlic swam before the metal mesh like fish in a seine. He dumped his catch into a sauce pan of cold water. As he waited for the garlic to cool enough that the peels could be slipped easily from the cloves, he looked around the kitchen to the multiple sources of noise.
Ron, the dishwasher, or Ron the Dishwasher, as everyone called him in honor of his dedication—a slow dim-witted but OCD-focused, overweight and ugly man in his early thirties—was banging the edges of pots against the stainless steel counter as he directed his high pressure rinsing nozzle into the pots’ acid-darkened interiors. Peter wondered if Ron the Dishwasher were discovering that love was as hard to find in the gay world as it had been in the heterosexual one that he just recently, and quite publicly, had decided to abandon. The alcoholic salad man, Harold, was laying down a frantic Buddy Rich beat as he used two ten-inch chef knives to chop up a heads of iceberg and romaine lettuce. Despite dozens of admonitions to cut the greens to a certain size, the consistency of Harold’s salads was determined by a music only he could hear. Peter hoped that the Harold’s solo would end before everything was turned into the kind of limp shreds that were to be found on the fast food chains’ most expensive hamburgers, but he grew resigned as Harold segued from a four-four beat into nine-eight time. Although it was hard to tell with all the other noises interfering, Peter thought that he was probably hearing the percussion line from an old Cab Calloway tune.
Raoul was busy baiting Ron the Dishwasher by wiping supposed spots from the bowls and blades and tines of the silverware he was sorting. Angry from seeing Raoul re-polishing his work and hurt from knowing that the maitre d’ belittled his decision to enter into the gay world, Ron the Dishwasher banged his pots louder. Imperiously ignoring his late-blooming compadre’s tympanically manifested anguish, Raoul continued to toss clean flatware into the appropriate drawers of the steel work table. Each toss made the discordant clang of a warped cymbal. None of Raoul’s noises harmonized with any of Harold’s rhythms nor with Ron the Dishwasher’s near demonic lonesome banging.
To his right, but behind Peter, the three-drawered pressure cooker hissed like an enraged cat as it steamed the potatoes that would be served with the night’s special of baccala with the garlic infused mayonnaise, aioli. Peter let the noise surround and then infiltrate into him as he began to use his thumb and middle finger to slip the soggy paper skins from the blanched garlic cloves. When the garlic was all peeled, he would puree it before adding it to his own olive oil and lemon mayonnaise. The insane band of discordant noises distorted but did not silence Peter’s own thoughts.
His mother had said that he was not to worry. She was fine and was going to be fine. With a chicken you pushed the breast meat down toward the back bone. A ridge of white, wet, pebbly skin-covered bone would rise up. It was hard to think of controlled cutting on a human being. Her voice had been very soft. It hadn’t sounded like a whisper, but more like the muffled sound heard through the line when someone covered the phone with a palm. She had sounded calm and, he thought, sure. With a black spot in a potato or a brown one in an apple, you carved a small cone. If the rot went deeper you wielded the knife in a circle to ream out a deeper cone. How did they save the skin? With a salmon you held the knife at a very acute angle and pulled the skin toward you. You held the knife steady and moved the fish. With a ham you did the opposite. You held the skin steady and then moved the knife in short slashes to free skin from flesh.
It was just very hard to think of neat cuts in human flesh. Nothing he saw in Viet Nam resembled neat clean cuts. Half-frozen beef or veal could be cut with mathematical precision. Stir-fried beef with broccoli or veal scaloppini. Perfect matchsticks could be cut from a baked ham or roast turkey for a chef’s salad. Eight days was a long time to be in a hospital, although not as long as he had been in. That was a lot of white light, white uniforms, white sheets, and white shoes. She hadn’t said anything at all about the hospital. Peter wondered if there were any other place besides hospitals and jails where people went for long periods but didn’t take cameras. Certainly, not war. Lots of cameras in war. Mostly in the mind. Startling sharp photographs.
She had not wanted him to come right away. She said that she wanted to be better and a little more comfortable. He was glad that it was put off. With a chicken you pushed down on the meat then drew the knife first along the ridge-bone of the breast and then tight against the ribcage in two or three long slashing strokes. Voila, one blanc devolaille.
It was hard to imagine the surgery. A starting. A stopping. A thin line actually going someplace. Very hard to imagine. Humans didn’t cut. They exploded into red puddings or great gouges of red meat with jagged edges of hospital white bone protruding. But, maybe, if exploded in Arabs’ sand, the liquids would be quickly absorbed. Sponged up by the land rather than slowly simmered to a noxious sauce by heat trapped under dense jungle green.
Peter pushed the old pictures away. Visions of Gaby began to filter into the spaces left open when the memories of war left. Even with all the kitchen noise cascading through his brain, there was lots of room left. It was like tide water rilling in between the rocks along the shore. Covering, moving, shaping, but only slowly eroding. After less than a minute, as he did a hundred times a day, bent, blanched, slightly balding Peter Koster pushed away the thoughts of Gaby, the wife who left his side but stayed in his head. When he focused on the ivory-colored amulets of garlic, Gaby did ebb out, but within a minute his mother and the cutting flowed back in. Why couldn’t his brain be full enough from just the clanging of his help? He wondered what unwanted thoughts fought with the noise in his helpers’ heads. What war was going on in Ron the Dishwasher’s confused head? Why did a brain so abhor a vacuum? Why did it hate silence?
Spread. Mashing the garlic to join a colloidal suspension of egg yolk, lemon, and olive oil would make a wonderful sauce to be spread on steamed potatoes and poached baccala. Salt cod and potatoes with aioli, served with a vinaigrette-marinated toss of tomato chunks, cucumber, green peppers and Portugese olives. What a spread. To go home in just nine more hours to fall asleep under the king-sized Haitian cotton spread. To go home ten years before, before that colorful coverlet even had been bought, to the sleeping form of Gaby. To touch her knee caps through the sheet and watch the ridgelines of her legs spread. Her knees would rise and open in the moon-glow gloom as if a primordial mountain range were forming under the sheets. In the corner of the walk-in, in the corner of a damp cardboard box, from one tomato to the next, from one peach to the next, from one strawberry to the next, whitish gray filaments of mold would spread into a carpet of rot. Each hour the mold would become a larger, more defined entity. Each hour the individual fruit would devolve more into a non-individuated mass of dying flesh. Her cancer had spread. Cancer. War. Spread. A large ranch with a few trees and fewer people, just open space and closed emptiness. Away from here. Away from the claustrophobia of too many people on too little land surrounded by too much water. Away from all the noise. Away from all the spreading. Of aioli and Gaby’s lost love limbs and the mold of unsold vegetables and bad dreams and bad sales and bad cells. And loneliness and its fast spreading, deeply penetrating complement, hopelessness.
Peter finished peeling the garlic. He dumped the shiny cloves into the scratched plastic container of the food processor. He kept adding the high whir of the processor to the dissymphony of kitchen noises long past the point where the cloves had been transformed into a smooth ivory spread.

* * *

When Lise heard her father’s words come over the phone she had accepted them as information, studied them for hidden content, and monitored her reaction to their meaning. Although shocked, she had not cried. She had to wonder at her ability to keep scientist and daughter separate. Should she be proud of not crying?
Twisting around on her lab stool, Lise began making her way through the box of slides. Paget’s disease. She looked to the open textbook on the counter next to her microscope. Paget’s only presented on the nipple. She reasoned that if it were something that had involved the nipple, her father would have said so. Next slide. Non-infiltrating ductal carcinoma. Under the microscope it was pretty. It looked like Easter baskets filled with eggs. The text noted that it was an in situ cancer. If it really were in situ, then, Lise thought, there would be no need for follow-up radiation. There were five slides of spreading cancers that infiltrated the milk ducts. The first, scirrhous, looked like pieces of worm caught in a whirlpool. The slide seemed to contain so much pent-up energy that Lise almost expected the worms to begin squirming in the swirled mass within which they were caught. Scirrhous carcinoma was the most common breast cancer. It accounted for almost three quarters of all breast malignancies. Scirrho meant hard. The tumor was as hard as a rock. Its hardness meant that it could have been felt. It would be too bad if a scirrhous tumor was what her mother had had removed. Because if her mother hadn’t discovered it herself, then she might think that she was responsible for her condition. Next slide. Papillary. Except for the color of the stain used to bring out the features, Lise thought that it resembled an aerial view of swampy islands on a river. The sides of the milk ducts were the river banks. The islands were made up of the tumor cells. Next slide. As Lise pulled out a slide labeled comedo, she wondered why a tumor would be named after a blackhead. She thought back to the high school joke about a Comedo of Errors. However, as soon as she adjusted the focus Lise knew the reason for the name. The milk duct was solidly lined with many layers of small seed-like cancer cells. They reminded her of the black seeds of kiwi fruit. In the middle of the duct was an area of yellow-colored dead cells. The head of the pimple. She stared into the microscope for a long time before she noticed the areas where the cancer cells were working their way through the duct walls. Next slide. Mucinous carcinoma. Under the bright light of the microscope it reminded her of some of the Shijo prints at the Museum of Fine Arts. There were small blossom shapes that looked a little bit like grape hyacinths interspersed with long branches of cells. The shapes of the flowers and branches were given added definition from the contrast with their background of pale mucin cells. Lise turned back to the pathology text to read the description of a mucinous carcinoma. She flipped past several pages of monochrome plates of mucinous tumor cells. High and low magnification. Examples of tumors with greater or lesser amounts of mucin. She flipped another page, found the mucinous heading on the top of the left side and began to read. A comparatively rare form. Found in older women. Translucent. Soft. Gel-like. Something disturbed her as she quickly read down the page. Some reports of relatively lower rates of axillary metastes in the early stages. That was good. Lise tried to twist away from the force tugging at her. The mucous that the cancer cells floated in was produced by those very cells. She finished the first column of text. Her eyes moved to the top of the second column. She couldn’t read the words. The pull was too strong. Her eyes, despite her brain’s command, were pulled to the right. In the upper right hand corner of the opposing page was a photograph of a mucoid carcinoma. It looked like some nightmarish jelly-filled pastry. Lise slammed the textbook shut and began to cry. Tears rolled down her face as she put the slides back into the proper slots of the case.
Biology was biology. It was science. It was color and forms, chemistry and mystery. It was a little world. It was vials and scales and bright lights and centrifuges and smooth counters and heavy books and dyes and sharp smells and worn white polyester lab coats and, sometimes, many times, roller coaster excitement. But, it had never before been death. Had she just seen something which had destroyed her mother’s breast and, maybe, wanted more? She had known as soon as she had put the phone down, with her father’s “Goodbye” still echoing down the line, that she must look, microscopically look, at the strange life that might be threatening her mother’s. She had thought of it as using her science to get closer to her mother. If she could see the forms, the paisley colors and shapes of the growth-loving sickness, if, after looking and reading, she could deduce which particular pattern had come to life within her mother’s body, she would own a knowledge that would, in some mystical sciencey way, shelter both her mother and herself.
Lise’s fingers reached out to the textbook. Some part of her— as before she was unsure whether it was the scientist or the daughter—wanted to look again at the photograph of the mucin tumor. Some part of her wanted to re-experience the jolt of shock at the hideousness of its collective form when a micron’s thickness of gorgeous paisley was added to another micron of swirling form, when thousands of delicately drawn Shijo prints were added together to make a work of horror.
Taken one layer of cells at a time, taken microscopically, it was science. It was art. Taken all together, it was medicine. It was life. It was death. Ugly, ugly death. Lise drew her hand away from the book. She might look later. Nothing in nature had ever scared her. She didn’t want to be afraid. She wanted to prove that to herself. She wanted to look again. But, for now, she could not.
Lise pushed back from the microscope. She decided to try to find Brad. He might know whether she was looking at too many little things made big, or too many big things made small.



Chapter 11


It was the Saturday before Halloween. The first month of autumn had been very warm. There hadn’t yet been a killing frost. The first day of November would be the following Thursday. Thanksgiving would follow in three weeks, on the 22nd, the anniversary of the Kennedy assassination. A late frost and an early Thanksgiving. It felt strange to Neil to see Bett picking snapdragons and dahlias, tomatoes and eggplant after they had spent breakfast making plans for the holidays.
The weather was so warm that Neil had no desire to keep his promise to himself to wash the storm windows. For the last month he had avoided most of the end-of-the-season yard work. He had used the warm weather as an excuse to sail the SureBett. When he wasn’t sailing, the distrait husband had tried to fill up the weekend with clamming or shore fishing for bluefish. The freezer was full.
After watching Bett try to make the muscles of her damaged arm do her will, Neil walked up to the perennial garden and asked her if she wanted to go sailing with him. She would stay put. She was happy to be working. Without directly looking at her, Neil aimed a smile toward Bett and told her that he wouldn’t be gone long.
Neil tacked the SureBett back and forth along the edge of a sweet southwesterly wind. The sky was cloudless, the sharp angle of the October sun painted pointillist dabs of white light atop the scalloped surface of the deep green water. Even behind the protection of his sunglasses Neil had to half-squint his eyes against the intense glare. The boat felt coltish as if she knew that the summer-like weather couldn’t last. She, too, wanted some last pleasure before the weather changed.
Through half-drawn lids, Neil tried to see across the endless water; however, he wasn’t able to see beyond his own jumbled thoughts. Behind him on a spit of land, which he could easily see if he chose to turn to look, Bett was kneeling over a bed of flowers breaking soil or pinching buds as if nothing had happened.
The previous evening he had driven down the lane to find her trying to use the short-handled loppers to reclaim a part of the yard where rose hips had encroached. She was stepping on several of the thorny stalks to bend them over. Half-crouched, she braced her damaged right arm against the inside of her knee to give it strength. With the bad arm braced, she used the muscles in her good arm to make the cut. Rage had exploded in him at seeing her struggle. Like an emerging hurricane, a madness had flown around inside his head unsure of where to focus its force. The cancer, the crippling effect of the surgery, the debilitation of the radiation, the insidious rapacity of the rose hips, always looking to take another, and another, inch of the yard, the stubbornness of Bett to keep doing things that, he was sure, her physical therapist had told her to avoid, or, most of all, rage at himself that he hadn’t made himself chop back the rose hips some Saturday rather than going sailing. By the time he parked the car, he had welded a calm caring smile onto his face. His banker’s smile. A smile he had long practiced. A smile which he recently had begun to slide toward Bett’s eyes. A smile meant to convey no doubts. He had wanted to be able to pull the damp repp stripe tie from his neck, to loosen his collar, to take the loppers from Bett’s tanned and mottled hands, to finish the job. But he could not. Once again he had found he was paralyzed to do anything that brought closer the passing of summer. Instead, he had asked his sweating, panting wife to join him for a drink out on the dock. She had smiled and told him she would join him when she finished.
Neil’s first quick drink had done little to calm him. When Bett finally came around the corner of the house, the sun was close to setting. She walked along holding a glass of cider in her left hand. Her right arm hung slack at her side. Neil had adjusted his focus, as he had learned to do over the last six weeks. He looked at her as if he were staring at an unfinished portrait. Where disease had touched her the brush strokes faded into blank canvas.
Neil pushed the tiller away. He listened to the sails luff. It reminded him of the rustle of squirrels in an attic. The freshening breeze pulled tears from his eyes back along his deeply etched crows-feet. In forty years of marriage she had never failed him. When he had been weak, she had always been there to give strength. Tough times at the bank had brought solicitous phone calls during the day, special meals in the evening and physical comfort at night. When a crisis had made his legs feel so bloodless he was sure they wouldn’t hold him, when his mind had been so filled with a million scraps of information that no direction or decision was possible, he would go to her and she would wrap and warm him with her strength until could regain his own.
Decades before, it couldn’t have been more than a couple of years after they were married, they had gone to a Halloween party. He had dressed as an Indian chief. After nights of sewing yards of bright yellow material and exhorting him to patience when he asked her what she was going to be, Bett had come out of the locked bedroom dressed as a fireplug. At the party friends had mistaken him—just another Indian among a tribe of them. But, although everyone had thought that Bett’s costume was wonderfully clever, nobody had been deceived. Short and solid, always ready, implacable, Bett always had been, and still was, like a fire hydrant. That night and for a time afterward friends had called Bett “Plug.” Bett and he had used the name off and on for years. Over time it had evolved into a codeword to signal when he needed help, or when Bett thought that he did.
Sailing through the shimmer of October light, Neil thought she was a plug. Every kind of plug. She had helped put out a thousand fires. Kids fighting. Sleepless hot fear from indecision. She had sparked him, when nearing forty, he had been brought to a halt by the anemic lassitude of hope-drained dreams. She had comforted him a million times, she had always been there, a sure bet, and, now, when she needed him, he went to sea. To clean air and clear water. Away from red scars knifing through tan skin. Away from the black blood scratch of stitches. Away from the twisting worm of white flesh left in an armpit. Away from limpness and asymmetry and new high-collared nightgowns and the maraca noise of pill vials being opened. Away from complicated schedules for radiation and tiptoeing around the future and standing silent and still afraid to awaken the implacability of death. Sailing away.
Neil slammed the gunwale with a fist. Of all the losses of the last weeks, the worst was losing their comfortableness. During the courtship and for the first several months of marriage they had had to work hard at becoming fluent with one another. After a time, however, there had come a reassuring ease of communication, whether it was with words, emotions or the physical aspects of their bodies. Now, all that had changed. They would start a conversation, an innocent conversation—about Christmas or gardens or the grandchildren—only to find that anything which dealt with the future was so riddled with unanswerable questions that they were forced to trail off or make an abrupt change in topics. A Cole Porter song would come on the radio and they would take a half-step toward one another to begin an old familiar dance before realizing that the weakness of Bett’s arm and the half-nothingness of her chest would alter any dance beyond a remembered comfort. Bedtime had become theater as each worked to pretend that her undressing and redressing in her high collared flannel nightgown, so furtive and fast, was not to hide both his and her eyes from looking at her amputated body.
Comfortableness. In hats and shoes. In chairs. Comfortableness . A glorious thing. To fit. To slide behind a steering wheel to find the perfect indentation. To walk through a door—the church’s, the auto-mechanic’s, the barber’s—to know that you are known. To know the good and competent hands which hold some portion of your life. Comfortableness. With a boat. To trust her in strong winds. To know her peculiarities. To know the water. All the rocks and shoals. To know those currents near a point that try to pull a boat too close to shore. To slide a hand into a work glove and feel the fit of worn leather pad on calluses. To push and pull, cut and stitch, plane and sand, shave and file and polish. To make the adjustments until there is fit. After years of irritation—much of it no more than the irritation of the never-ending newness of children as they metamorphosed from infant to baby to child to adolescent to young adult to spouse to parent— he was now comfortable with the kids, even Lise, even Dilly.
As Neil had aged from forty to fifty to sixty and beyond, there had been physical changes, but, for the most part, they had been slow and subtle. A softer belly, stiffer knees, a little more gas, a little less hair. He needed a longer hotter shower in the morning to limber up from the exercise of sleep; he needed to hold his reading a little farther from his eyes; he needed to avoid cucumbers and radishes and onions. But, there had been a comfortableness about those changes. There had been a slightly rueful humor to the dialogue that went on between his happy, healthy mind and a somewhat crotchety body. He had talked to his body, encouraging it or chiding it, as it had chosen not to do things that he expected it to do. However, in all the talks, there had never been anger. Just a sweet, comfortable disagreement. Like telling Queenie not to roll in rotting seaweed. Not so with Bett. Something ravening. Trying to kill her. Destroying her breast and chest muscles and armpit and arm. Something wildly hungry. The frothing, foaming, slavering of a crazed dog. As when, in the middle of a long, peaceful walk on Sumson’s beach with one hand holding Bett’s thick callused fingers and the other the empty leash, a shepherd had come racing up from the point and, without stopping, without a second’s hesitation, without a sniff, had attacked Queenie, drawn blood from her muzzle, and, then, attacked him as he tried to separate them. He had had to hit the shepherd with the doubled up chain of Queenie’s leash before it ran away.
No warning. Comfortableness. Then, violence. They had tried to finish the walk, but all three of them, especially Queenie with maroon blood congealing on her snout, were too skittish. It had taken weeks of walks before they were comfortable on the beach again.
Now, after sixty-six years, the comfort was gone. His life didn’t fit. The old Bett was gone. There was something, or might be something, in her which was not to be trusted. He was finding there was much in him not to be trusted, too. His anger for one. The sharp spikiness of his anger. Punching holes in the smoothness of his life. He had worked so hard to be smooth. To get along. He had spent a lifetime smiling. His hand gestures, as was true for many Midwest people, were small fillips and scallops of gracious good will, rather than the wide sweeping churning and chopping of the East Coast. He had consciously put a mellifluous tone in his voice. He had wanted to be comfortable with himself and others. For so very long, wishing and working at the wishes had made it so.
Then, for no reason, a few of Bett’s cells, a cadre, had chosen to go their own way. And, a few more. And, then, a few more. As if Bett’s body were the territory for a revolution. Cells threw off rules that had been governing them for sixty-four years. The old ways were threatened. The revolutionaries doubled and doubled and doubled and doubled again. And each time their numbers grew, the old comfortable way shrank. The comfortableness and the fit shrank and shrank. Until the new life of carcinomas and frozen sections and axillary dissections and adjuvant therapy and carved out nodes and the horrific meandering of cat scratch stitches where once a breast had been, where once his handhold into comfortable sex and comfortable sleep had been, until all these new things grew and pushed and stretched against the fabric of the old life, until the fit of the new with the old was so wrong, so improper, that the old life ripped with the shriek of a tearing sail and the new life, a life of doubt and fear and anger, a life of misfitness, of not knowing where a sentence was going nor where to hold his wife, nor where to focus his eyes when the future insinuated itself into the conversation, burst through the jagged hole.
It was hard to know what to do. The doctors seemed to be so little help. They talked in code in a language with half the words filled with double rr’s. Was she getting better? Was she getting worse? What was in store? He asked and they answered every question with a string of words bereft of information to one who didn’t speak the language. Insurance was the same. Claims came back partially paid with cryptic pre-printed phrases marked with an x to explain why certain things had been rejected. Out-of-pocket expenses were mounting. Enough that twice he had had to move money out of savings. If things continued, he would not be able to roll over all of their CD’s.
Neil was not comfortable with his own money decisions nor those at work. Conversations with Brad had sowed seeds of doubt. Poor lending practices had led to catastrophic failures in Ohio and Maryland. Brad saw many parallels between those two situations and Rhode Island. Aggressive lending followed by a weakening economy. Loose regulatory rules and lax oversight. Haphazard audits. Brad was worried that in a state as small as Rhode Island, there wasn’t enough mass or diversity to absorb many mistakes. If something went bad, everything and everybody in the state could be dragged along.
Brad had asked Neil what he thought about the large percentage of loans that had been made for commercial real estate development. Coastal had been very careful with that. As chief loan officer he had seen to that. Brad had suggested that he might not want to think that way. The whole purpose of insurance was to pool risk. If Coastal were careful and no one else was, what good was their caution? Rhode Island was a pretty small pool.
After thinking about it, Neil had brought up the question of the bank’s vulnerability with Kenyon Hall. Should they apply for federal insurance? They certainly would qualify. Kenyon had listened, but, in the end, he had brushed Neil off. Kenyon had said that one advantage of a small state was that everybody knew everybody. If problems occurred, everybody would pull together. Besides, he knew everybody on RISDIC’s board of directors. If anything was going to go wrong, he would hear about it. He told Neil that, with Bett, Neil had enough things to worry about without making up new ones.
Neil wasn’t sure what to think. He wasn’t comfortable with Brad’s fears and he wasn’t comfortable with Kenyon’s reassurances. He just wasn’t comfortable.
Neil hauled in his sheet and reset the tiller until the SureBett heeled over. He wanted to feel the tension among the contradictory forces of sail, helm, and centerboard trying to move his boat in three different directions. He wished that the wind were stronger so that he could feel the boat taken to her limits.
Neil stayed on the water for more than five hours tacking back and forth, with his thoughts making the same abrupt changes in direction, before he concluded that the best thing that he could do was to make the decision that Bett was still Bett. And he should do what he could do to keep that true. As he headed for the dock Neil knew that the turmoil of making the decision was nothing compared to what was ahead. He knew his doubts wouldn’t disappear, nor his anger diminish. But Bett was still Bett. A comforting thought.



Chapter 12


Finally, a hard frost had come. Bett sat on the window ledge in the cold den. She drank tea and watched the clear light of early morning sun melt the silvery crystals that had flocked the grass. Where the sun’s rays struck, the bright green grass was glistening with dew. In the shade, the leaves of less hardy weeds and flowers hung curled, black and limp. Bett felt relief that the harvest was finally over. The heat was finally gone. The cold, clear killing air had finally come. The growing, finally, was over. At last, the dahlia roots could be dug.
Bett reached inside her robe to trace the scar across her chest. The welt felt like a length of electrical cord had been glued to her chest. Except that it was red. And, the nurses called it a keloid. But, it always felt warm as if it really were a cord that had too much electricity running through it. Dr. Andeotti, her radiologist, had told her that the radiation and the healing itself could make her flesh feel as warm as if a hot water bottle were buried beneath her skin.
Heat had been a constant presence inside Bett’s body since the surgery two month before. She hated its intrusiveness. She wanted her flesh to be so cold that it shivered. She’d borne the pain as her body tried to knit itself back together from the damage of the scalpel. It made sense to her to have that much pain, if not even more, from the huge wound that had been made on her. She had even taught herself not to hunker down from its sharp fingers, but rather to open herself up to it, to welcome it as part of the path back to a normal life. But, the ever-present heat that cooked inside her with unrelenting insistence, a constant bright dry heat as if a light bulb were being held too close, frightened and discouraged her. The doctors said that the heat, too, was a sign of healing, but, for her, the hot spot that never went away, that something that was such a different temperature than its surroundings, was a feeling to be feared. She wanted something cold to cool and shrink the spot inside her. She wanted winter.
Now, for Bett, any difference in her body was not to be trusted. Every cough was subject to suspicion. Each ache engendered doubts. Each time she used the toilet she stared at what she had done to look for signs of betrayal. The day was filled with a thousand aches and ten times that many worries. Each worry made her want to pick up the phone to call any one of the audience of doctors that had been watching her performance over the last two months.
The radiation was working hard to kill the cancer cells, but as it streamed into her body looking for those rampant mutants, it also killed normal cells. She found it hard not to confuse the side effects of the cure with the disease itself. It was hard to equilibrate nausea, weakness, pain and the ever-present heat with getting better. As, day after day, October had stayed warm, Bett had found herself recoiling at the fecundity of the earth. She had been a gardener for too many years. Heat meant growth. Growth scared her. Columbus Day passed and the eggplant put forth dozens of new lavender blossoms. In the cutting garden, mature cosmos had dropped seed and those seeds had already sprouted into a carpet of six-inch tall plants, as delicate as Spanish lace, growing up and flowering among the woody stalks of their parents. One afternoon near the end of October, with insects whirring as loudly as in July, as Bett had walked down the lane to get the mail, she had been horrified to see that the clumps of violets, which spent each summer struggling for life among the lane’s thin crushed stone, had re-blossomed.
On those afternoons when she was tired, which were many, Bett had sat with her back against the piling at the end of the dock awaiting air, as cold as ice, to end the feracious life around her. Winds had come and blown strong and steady, but they had held the warmth of summer. There had been a period of four days in mid-October when a southwesterly wind had been unrelenting. It had blown white caps across the cove and into the heaving groaning dock. It had whistled around the frames of windows which were still too bloated by summer’s heat and moisture to be closed tightly. It had rattled the screen door until she had had to wedge a wet sponge between door and frame before hooking it. It had beaten down the hollyhocks so low that at a first glance at the large leaves and trumpet blossoms trailing on the ground one might have mistaken them for some exotic variety of squash. Branches of trees being pounded by the wind had caused wildly careening shadows to run around the rooms of the house. By the third day she had screamed at the wind, in a voice as loud as its own, to stop its brutal pounding. She had been battered enough. Later, after she had calmed herself down, she prayed that the wind would shift around to the north. She wished the wind would pull the coldest Canadian air down across the land. She wanted it to blow fiercely cold air, unrelentingly, until every blossom head hung down, every plant leaf was curled, and every maple and oak branch was stripped to its brown skeleton. It continued to blow for another day, but, the wind ignored Bett’s wish and continued to stream from the same southerly quarter.
Fall failed to come. Plants continued to grow, blossom and fruit. The heat in her chest continued unabated. As each day stayed warm, Bett’s strength shriveled and the tentacles of hopelessness lengthened and twisted around her.
Finally, this morning, the cold had come. It was cold enough to make Bett shiver when she carefully rolled herself out of bed. She had carried her slippers into the bathroom and, then, downstairs just to prolong the relief of feeling icy hardwood floors on her bare feet. Now, looking out the window at the destruction the frost had brought, Bett felt more hopeful than she had since that hot noon in August when Dr. Maurer had stopped murmuring to himself.
All the life around her, which had gone on and on as if it would never end, had been stopped in a night. Bett got up from her chair and walked to the window. She put both palms on the glass. After a minute she pressed them to her chest. A moment later she left the room.
The rime under her naked heels felt delicious. The cold made her ankles ache as if she were entering the frigid waters of Narragansett Bay in the Koster’s annual Memorial Day summer baptism. Along the shadow of the house, the heat from her feet burned green holes in the white frost. She walked out to the cutting garden. The tops of the dahlias hung down in shame or, maybe, sorrow. The red, white and pink tops of the snapdragons were soggy. The gossamer of cosmos leaves hung straight down against their stalks. Finally, it was finally over.
Bett took off her robe and hung it on top of a stake that helped to hold the rabbit fence in place. She stiffly bent herself at the waist and with difficulty, because of the damage to the muscles in her arm, she dragged her nightgown up and over her head. Bett stood naked in the garden. After several moments she reached down for a pink granite cobble which she used in the spring to hold down string when she was marking rows. She picked it up and held its smooth weight against the mutilated flesh of her chest.
The burning cold of the rock met and, after a time, passed through the heat in her chest. She cupped the rock as if it could replace her breast. She stood still, her toes digging into the chilled soil for balance, repeating scraps of prayer. As she prayed, Bett drew such deep draughts of the cold healing air into her lungs that the line where the sutures had rejoined her flesh began to ache.



Chapter 13


Bett despised being at the center of some many conspiracies. Too many times doctors and nurses, technicians and aides, friends and family had stepped back into a huddle to whisper about her. Too often she had startled Neil when he was on the phone. Each time that he started, or blushed in shame, or stumbled over words in too eagerly offered explanations, she knew he was relaying some detail of her sickness to one of the children. During the Thanksgiving weekend there had been several conversations where it had been obvious to her that her children had scripted and rehearsed their lines before performing them before her. There was the casserole conspiracy. Once or twice a week, a neighbor, a member of Grace Church, the wife of a bank officer, or a teller would inadvertently make too much food. It would be a kindness to the cook if Bett and Neil could help out with the excess. There were the conspiracies of kindness and kindnesses. Although there had not been a family decision to either broadcast or hide her situation, as was true with all bad news, the details of her diagnosis and treatment had rapidly traveled through the community by the same unknown metastatic process as that of cancer itself. With some acquaintances, hearty hellos were under-toned with the slightly resonant hum of sympathy; while with others, questioning eyes vacillated between locking onto or averting themselves from her own. Others, those more active in their concerns, manipulated conversations such that they built unfinished paragraphs which would only make sense if Bett were to provide the complement by ridding herself of some particularly heavy, anguished burden. These friends, in ways both subtle and overt, let her know that they were strong and caring enough to carry away any burden that she might wish to pass on to them.
There was kindness everywhere. At Grace Church, parishioners, before being asked, slid down any pew that she and Neil might choose to enter. At the grocery store, in the produce section, she chanced upon a woman she barely knew from the Historical Society. As soon as Jill Daughtery recognized her and recalled the relevant news, and after the quickest flick of her eyes to Bett’s chest as if seeking visual confirmation of the accuracy of her memory, she searched through scores of shiny green bell peppers to pick out the best ones for Bett. After she had done her small part in the war against cancer, Jill wheeled her cart around and retreated back down the aisle in the direction from which the vegetables in her cart suggested she had just come. By reversing course, Jill would not have to shop alongside the victim. Several times as she continued her shopping, Bett had caught a peripheral image of Jill racing her cart down an aisle or across an intersection to avoid further contact. It reminded Bett of some absurd version of the Keystone Cops.
The conspiracies of kindness had been offset by those of cruelty. Many of the more cruel plots were hatched within her body. Monday’s strength would disappear on Tuesday, return on Wednesday, then be gone for several days. Her body’s need for sustenance was often undermined by her mind’s inability to conjure up an appetizing sight, or, more commonly, smell. There had been several occasions when Bett’s stomach, like a stray at the door, had growled loudly, but her mind had refused entry to any kind of food. Sudden swellings, muscle aches deeper than any bruise, diarrhea, and rogue waves of nausea were but a few of the traitorous plots that her body had hatched against her.
The unexpected, unsought kindnesses of the people around her conspired with the cruelties of the cells within her to make Bett different. She could feel herself being divorced. People, even in the midst of their reaching out, were severing themselves from her. It was not so much a separation of distance as it was one of expectations. She was no longer expected to be the familiar Bett. And, if she was herself, people were shocked and, sometimes it even seemed, disappointed. As others pulled themselves back from her, Bett found herself experiencing a desire to become divorced from whom she had always been. Enough of competence and caring. Enough of forgiveness and understanding. Enough of faith and fealty. Enough of fortitude. Enough.
Try as she might to keep her customary level of interest in her husband, children, grandchildren, people in the surrounding community and in the world beyond, Bett found it hard to ignore the disease’s insistence on her attention. The cancer cells, whether in fact or from fear, demanded that she ignore those outside. Those ghostly cells, which might be drifting through her lymph system or, maybe, setting up shop on the edge of an organ, were more tyrannical than any colicky baby had ever been.
As she looked inward, as she focused her attention on the errant forces at work inside her skin, Bett could feel herself grow smaller. Fear grew, she shrank. Her arms became too short to reach those around her. Her eyes became too small to see across a room. Her brain became too tiny to think beyond itself. She was shrinking and so was her life. The centripetal force of her disease pulled her into herself as a centrifugal force spun the world away. Each day friends became a little more distant. With each phone call, each covered dish, each proffered book, the giver stepped back another pace. Bett was going someplace where they were not prepared to follow. As Bett went where her disease demanded; her friends followed the paths of their lives, and the gulf between grew greater.
Already with some longtime friends the distance had grown so great that it seemed unbridgeable. They were left to brief wavings from afar. With others, the chasm wasn’t quite so wide. It might be leapt. One would look across to the other to steel his courage before the leap. Occasionally, it was Bett herself, who made a leap back to the living world’s side, where there were interests and concerns beyond the metabolic. Other times, it was the friend who jumped over to Bett’s anarchical world. The friend would hold Bett’s hands and Bett’s gaze and her own tongue and experience the giddy fear of standing close to the antinomy of neoplasmic fission and the heady thoughts of the consequences of the body’s self-destruction. They would bear an awe-filled witness to a destruction as inexplicable as schools of pilot whales beaching themselves on Cape Cod’s sands or lemmings racing over a cliff. Other times—this had happened most often with Neil—each would gather strength for the leap. The courage would come, the leap would be made. She would land on his side prepared to talk of life while he would be stranded just where Bett had been, ready to talk of disease, and death and fear. In their desire for courtesy and kindness and communication, they kept missing each other.
After a silent dinner, they took to sitting in separate chairs rather than, as had long been their habit, sitting together on the sofa. For most of the frantic burning of a log, its flames dancing a dervish dance from the downdraft of a warm southerly wind, she and Neil had watched in silence. Without looking away from the fire, Neil finally said, “Crazy weather. Warmest fall I can remember.”
“Did you see the article on the jet stream? It’s shifted south, so it’s not pulling any cold air down from Canada.”
“We’ve really only had that one frost. Even that wasn’t really a killing frost. I noticed the azaleas have come into bloom at the library. Your fennel’s as green as I’ve ever seen it. I didn’t know it was so hardy. It’s so wispy, you’d think any cold would kill it.”
Bett stared harder at the glowing coals. She didn’t want to hear about the tenacity of plants. She didn’t want to think about the unexpected survivors of a meager frost. She didn’t want to consider the life of things beyond their season. Without turning her head from the maddened yellow flames lashing up from the red coals, Bett said, “I wish it would get cold. I want winter.”
“It’s hard to believe that Christmas is just over two weeks away and violets are blooming along the lane. What do you want to do?”
“About?”
“Christmas.”
“Oh, Neil.”
“Honey.”
“I don’t know.”
“I know it’s hard.”
“I don’t know what I want to do. It’s hard to imagine not having Christmas. It’s always been my favorite time of year. But, it’s equally hard to imagine the house filled with people in two weeks. I keep thinking about what I want to do, but it changes by the minute. I know that I don’t want to repeat Thanksgiving. All the sighs and moping and tiptoeing. All the offered nursing. Dilly just wore me out. I felt terrible, looked terrible and acted worse.”
“Bett, you were exhausted.”
“And angry.”
“Angry is fine. You’ve got lots to be angry about. The kids were angry, too, at what’s been happening to you. You’ve always been so healthy that the weight you’ve lost and the weakness scared them. I think we were all scared and angry.”
“Scared and angry doesn’t sound like a good recipe for Christmas.”
“True, but we don’t have to duplicate Thanksgiving. You seem to be stronger lately. Is that my imagination? Are you feeling better?”
“It’s funny hearing you ask that. You know, I don’t know. I don’t know how to gauge that anymore. You, I—those pronouns denote some kind of unity, a oneness. My body just doesn’t feel that integrated anymore. If I have more patches of raw skin, but they don’t feel as hot, if my nausea is less often but more intense severe, am I feeling better? I don’t know, Neil. I’m feeling different. Just different.”
Bett had tried to keep a hard edge from her voice, but, even to herself, the last sentences sounded bitter. She swallowed to relax her facial muscles before she tried again.
“I just feel very different.”
The bitterness sounded as if it had been replaced by an awful loneliness. Bett thought to try again so that the sentence conveyed nothing more than the factual information that she was unlike she had been before. But, before she could figure out how to do that fine filtering, Neil began, “Bett, we can do whatever you want. Something little, something big, or nothing. Whatever you want to do, the kids will understand. You know that.”
“It’s hard when it’s this warm. Even if I weren’t sick, I don’t think I’d be as enthusiastic as usual. I’ve never been able to imagine the smell of cinnamon and allspice and clove filling a kitchen in a Florida bungalow. Wrapping presents in red and green and gold paper, with palm fronds waving and oranges dropping on the emerald green grass, just doesn’t seem like the right staging. It’s just been too warm for Christmas.
“If I knew it would be cold, if the wind would blow, if it would snow, if it would be cold and white, then, I think it would be wonderful to have everyone here. But if it’s warm and brown, or gray, or feels like April, I don’t think I could find the strength. Is that too silly, Neil? Too strange? Too selfish?”
“Of course, it isn’t.”
The words came too easily from his mouth. Bett thought he must have rehearsed them. Another conspiracy. After the awful scene that she had made with Dilly, she could imagine him working on a set of words that would indicate his gracious acceptance that there wouldn’t be, didn’t need to be a family Christmas celebration at Clarke’s Cove. From the moment during Thanksgiving dinner when she had cried out in rage after Dilly’s tenth or twentieth or fortieth suggestion in twenty-four hours at what she should do and how she should eat to triumph over the cancer, Neil would have known that Christmas was in jeopardy. She had never been that angry, nor so lost at what to do.
A time of crisis was a time for family. Nita’s periods and pain, Peter’s problems after Viet Nam and later when Gaby left, the ups and downs of Dilly’s life, and the twists at the bank had been played out with family as the supporting cast. Bett understood that it would be hard for Neil to imagine her progress to either better or worse times without the aid of family. It would be hard for him to imagine being under the hot glow of this threat’s unforgiving light with no one on the stage but him and her. But, if she wanted to be alone at Christmas, she knew that he would defer to her choice. Although he might wish with all his heart that she would choose to be with family, he wouldn’t try to change her mind. He wouldn’t want to think about it for fear that in some black magical way thinking about it might cause it to happen, but if this were to be their last Christmas together, he wouldn’t want to spend it alone with her. He would want there to be memories, good memories, which everyone could share. Bett understood Neil’s desires, but she wasn’t sure that she had the strength to make more memories.

* * *

She looked too small. Had she always been so small? How could the unending energy that had shaped his life and those of their children have come from someone so small? Neil wanted to stare at Bett until he understood the diminution of her presence.
So much skin sagged from her ears down to her neck. How much weight had she lost? What cruelty that her skin would remain the same size while more vital aspects of her grew smaller. Neil grabbed the skin of his hand. What a strange thing to have happen. To separate from one’s skin. To sag inside a bag that once had been seamless with oneself. Like a winter coat which slipped from its hanger and slumped inside its plastic bag on the drive home from the dry cleaner.
Was she better? Neil would waken in the night to listen to her breathing and measure the ease of her sleep. He would gently curl his palm around her shoulder to record her heat and draw his head up close to smell her hair. Was she better? Stare as hard as he might, he couldn’t tell. She was right. How could they tell?
They had asked themselves the same question about Peter several nights before. Something was happening to him. In the short time that he was around at Thanksgiving, it was obvious that he was not the Peter that they had become used to seeing. He was not that Peter, nor was he the Peter of twenty years ago. Was he better? There was some part of him that seemed nearer the surface. Something that had loosened, become untied or unraveled. Or had it frayed? Was something going to break? Or be freed? It was hard to know. He had closed the Retreat for two days. That was different. He had grabbed Dilly’s wrist and held her at the table when Bett had begun to scream. He had left the room each time the news had come on the television. He had hugged him, Neil, and told him something, but it something too garbled to decipher. After a night of mulling it over, Neil and Bett had decided that Peter was becoming more demonstrative. Was that better? They didn’t know.
What was better? Better than what? Better than when? When the story broke that thirteen million dollars had been embezzled by the owner of a small, RISDIC-insured, Mafia- linked bank, and that the owner had disappeared, Neil had gone to Kenyon determined to talk him into having Coastal apply for FDIC coverage. Kenyon said that there was no reason. The problem was over. The boil had been lanced. It could only get better. When Neil had told Brad that story Brad had laughed. He said he’d once seen a pig dancing on one toe. It had done it, but not for long. RISDIC’s reserves weren’t that large. It wouldn’t take that much to bring it down. If anything happened to RISDIC or its member banks, even the strong ones could be brought down. Brad had said that both in Maryland and Ohio it had taken some depositors years to get back even a small portion of their deposits. Brad told him to watch his back.
Neil didn’t know what to think. He didn’t want to doubt Kenyon. Kenyon and his forebears had made a lot of money over ten generations by doing the conservative thing. Neil didn’t want to be disloyal, but he didn’t want to be put in the situation of jeopardizing their retirement money. Or, if something else went wrong and they needed more money for Bett. He didn’t want to make a mistake with that. But, if he tried to move any money to a safer place now, he would have to pay the penalties. Both money and Kenyon’s goodwill. What was better? He didn’t know.



Chapter 14


“I’m the first?” asked Nita.
“You certainly are,” Bett whispered as she hugged her middle daughter tightly to her.
“That’s a switch. You look great, Mom. How do you feel?”
“Well enough to have a wonderful Christmas.”
“Well, you deserve one, huh? Where’s Dad?”
“He’ll be late.”
“Whatever happened to bankers’ hours?”
“They’ve become much longer. There has been a lot of trouble lately. Everyone is nervous. There have been a couple of scandals and runs on a couple of small banks. You know there’s nothing scarier for a banker. This economy is so weak. From what he tells me, which, of course, isn’t much because of my condition, I guess he’s had a number of loans, particularly developers’, move close to or into default.”
“Tell me. I can’t believe how much of my practice is becoming take-backs. I’m starting to see a lot of the same couples that I closed homes have to give back the deeds to the bank. It’s sad.”
“It is, and it’s very scary. Your dad’s very worried. I think what’s made it worse for him is he’s been so worried about me he hasn’t really kept up with what’s been happening at the bank. He’s been there, but he really hasn’t been there.”
“Well you must be in great shape if he’s stopped worrying about you.”
“Either that or the bank’s in very bad shape.”
“I’m so glad that you’re feeling better. It’s been so scary. It’s been hard knowing you’ve been so sick. Dad’s not the only one that’s had trouble keeping his mind on his business. I keep wanting to run down here to see how you’re doing. To see what I can do. Then, I realize, probably nothing.”
“Oh, honey, you’re going to make me cry, too.”
“Actually that sounds nice, Mom. I’ve been doing too much of it alone. Of course, for me, any at all seems like too much. Not professional.”
Nita made a face which suggested ‘Silly me,’ before she brushed the tears from her eyes. Bett continued holding her.
“I’ve been staying pretty dry. I’ve been trying to save my energy for getting better. Especially, after Thanksgiving.”
“Forget it, Mom. That’s about the tenth time I’ve heard you apologize, obliquely or otherwise. You had the right. Dilly can be so thoughtless. Actually, that’s not right. It’s almost the opposite. She just fixates. She’s like a mongoose or a pit bull. When she gets her jaws on to something, she can’t let go.”
“It was not my finest moment.”
“I’m not sure it was supposed to be. It’s a lot of damn work to be sick and nice simultaneously.”
“You should know. You were always the perfect patient.”
“I know, Mom. I certainly tried. But, looking back on that time from now, I’m not sure that it was the best practice. I think I may be still paying the price.”
Bett felt her stomach try to twist away from Nita’s words. Even after all the years she still feared the revelation of some additional side effect of the DES. She could sympathize with the drug’s manufacturers as they sat waiting for something else to go wrong and wondering if the statute of limitations to their responsibility would ever run out.
“What do you mean, Nita?”
“I don’t really know. I look at myself. I’m bright. In good shape. Attractive, although that’s starting to take a little more work. Successful. But, I’m thirty-three. And I’m lonely as hell. I’m lonely and alone right now. But even when I was doing a lot of dating, even at the height of some relationship, a lot of times I would be feeling lonely. Cut off. Muted. Mom, remember the time you took us to the museum in Shelbourne and afterwards we were wandering around in that old country store? Do you remember that?”
“I remember the museum. They have such wonderful folk art, but I don’t think I remember the store.”
“They had apothecary jars filled with the kinds of candy only tourists buy. Horehound drops. And it was pretty dark. And a pressed tin ceiling. And ceiling fans. And Dilly bought Sen-Sens. I can remember all that. But what I really remember is the woman using one of those sticks with the metal clamp at the end to get a can of something from a high shelf. I think in all of my relationships, I’ve been reaching out with a long stick with an artificial hand at the end.”
“Oh, honey, I don’t think you’re like that at all.”
“I don’t know, Mom. The days are starting to fly by a lot faster than they used to, and I’m getting scared that I’m going to keep trying to grab something from where I am with those damn pincers.”
“But, Nita, if there really is a distance, what is it? What’s so frightening?”
“Pain, Mom, I thinks it’s the idea of more pain.”
“Honey.”
“Mom, don’t you get that? That feeling of being all hunched over, hunkered over, drawn in? I get it all the time. I feel that if I were to open up, to stand up and spread my arms and reach out, something so sharp and searing might happen that I wouldn’t be able to stand it. Don’t you ever get that? I know you’re feeling fine now. You know you’re doing all right. But don’t you get afraid it could all start up again?”
“I don’t know what I think or feel right now except relief. Relief the radiation is over, and I have some energy again. I think it’s too soon to feel anything else. I don’t know what I’m going to feel next. But one thing I think, and it’s something I’ve always thought, although I haven’t always remembered it as well as I should, something Opa taught me, is that life is good. It’s worth living. I know that must sound so simple. But, for me, it is. Whatever happens, life is good. It’s not to be missed. I think too many times people want to sort through it, to pick and choose like they’re at a buffet. But I don’t think we really have that chance. We either live it as it is, or we miss it.
“Nita, it’s always seemed to me that when you were going through the worst of times, when we didn’t know what to do, when the doctors didn’t know, when you had so much pain, when the threat of you getting cancer was always in the room with us, that you knew that. You didn’t hunker down. You plunged in. You lived—despite the pain and despite the fears—you went to college, you finished law school. Don’t you think that’s true?”
“Actually, Mom, I don’t think I knew that I had a choice.”
“Oh, Nita. I think you knew. I think you chose. And I think you made the right choice. Honey, if you only knew how much strength I’ve gotten during the last four months from thinking of you, of how you went through all that you went through. I’ve used those memories of you and your courage and your will and, especially, your acceptance of what had to be done. Almost every day as I drove up to get zapped, I’d think of you.”
“I don’t know. Maybe I felt so much then, that I numbed my nerves. I don’t know. What do you think, Mom? Am I going to end up living my life with just me?”
“Honey, I don’t think you’re numb. I think what you’re doing right here, right now, proves that. If you were numbed to intimacy, you wouldn’t be doing this. And you certainly wouldn’t have been doing all of this with your coat still on.”
“I think I’ve needed to talk to you. I’ve wanted to, but I’ve been waiting until you were feeling better.”
Give me another hug, let’s have some tea, and keep talking before everyone piles in.”

* * *

“Mother, Mother, where’s the nutmeg?”
“Over the stove. Bottom shelf.”
“I’m looking. It’s not here.”
“Pimiento jar. White top.”
“Mother, Mother.”
“On the right, near the back.”
“It’s a great system.”
“A small jar.”
“I’ve got it. I got it. It’s not even labeled.”
“Well, Dilly, nutmegs don’t look like anything else. I label things that look alike. Basil, tarragon, thyme, oregano, chervil. Not nutmeg.”
Bett coughed from the strain of yelling to Dilly.
“You need a spice rack. I told myself at Thanksgiving that I was going to have the kids get you a spice rack for Christmas. Some way I forgot.”
Bett looked around the living room at the rest of her family and smiled before continuing her long distance conversation with Dilly.
“Honey, I’m sixty-four. Thanks to your father, we’ve never been poor. If I had wanted a spice rack, I would have one. I don’t like them. I like my jars and bottles.”
From thirty feet away, amid the sounds of doors and drawers being yanked opening and slammed close, Dilly held up her end of the conversation.
“But why? God, it’s such a mess in these cupboards.”
“I never have a problem. I like having a jar match the contents. I use a coffee can for rosemary because I use so much rosemary. When I bake focaccia I like to reach in for a whole handful. You can’t do that with a little spice jar. I’d be filling it every time I bake. I don’t use much fenugreek anymore so I like to keep it in a tiny jar. The less air, the more slowly it gets tired. Honey, there might be a better way, but I find what I need.”
“Well, where’s the nutmeg grater?”
“Do you want me to come out, dear?”
“No, Mother, just tell me where the grater is.”
“In the second drawer to the right of the sink.”
“Mom, whatever happened to that grater that had the little hinged top where you could keep a nutmeg?”
“I don’t know, Lise. It probably wore out.”
“That’s because Dilly didn’t ever give you a special grater cover.”
“Wrong, Nita. Too many Christmases. Too much eggmenog.”
“Hold it right there.”
Both Nita and Lise looked to their father who rearranging the pile of kindling.
“There’s no such thing as too much eggmenog. Not the way I mix it.”
“Dad, don’t let Dilly hear you say that.”
Neil nodded conspiratorially at Lise.
Six year old Kate, dressed in a red corduroy jumper with a Christmas tree appliqué which Dilly had decorated with sequins, beads and gold rickrack, leaned toward her grandfather and whispered, “How come we even get to have eggmenog. Isn’t it wicked bad for us?”
“Wicked, wicked bad, Kate. But, don’t you worry, I love you soooo much that I’ll drink all of yours so you’ll be safe.”
Neil leered at his granddaughter. Kate looked around the living room to see what she should do.
Jessica nodded at her younger sister. “I’ll help, too.”
“Me, too,” said Lise.
Kate walked over to Nita and asked, “Won’t Popper get sick?” Nita took her niece’s hands and kissed their backs.
“He certainly will if he drinks yours and his. Have you ever heard of the golden mean?”
“I don’t think so.”
Kate’s words were said so that they sounded like the musical signature of a 1950’s radio station. Ba da boop ba.
“Well, you will sometime. So when you do, you’ll already know about it. The golden mean is a rule. It’s like, ‘Early to bed, early to rise.’ You’ve heard your mommy say that, haven’t you?”
“Ba da boop ba.”
“Well, the golden mean is a rule for living. It’s the same as saying moderation in all things. Do you know what moderation means?’
“Ba da boop ba.”
“Well, what that means is that a lot of almost anything can be bad for us and a little bit of most things is good for us. Or, at least, isn’t bad for us. So, a little eggmenog at Christmas is a good thing, but a lot of eggmenog is not.”
“But, why is it mean?”
Nita held Kate’s hands and smiled professionally, as if Kate were a judge, while she thought of what to say next.
“No, Katie, it’s not that kind of mean. The golden mean is a way to measure things.”
“Like the golden ruler? Our teacher told us about the golden ruler.”
“Nita, you better quit, now. You’ve been out-obfuscated.”
“Thanks, Dad.”
Bett motioned to Kate.
“Kate, why don’t you help me pour the eggmenog.”
Dilly came into the living room holding up the nutmeg and grater triumphantly.
“I don’t know how anything gets done in that kitchen.”
Bill looked up for a second then put his head back down and continued reading from a thick blue binder. Dilly asked, “Who’s going to pour?”
Kate gave her mother a big smile, pointed at Bett, then, she hooked a finger into the center of her dress.
“Mopper and me.”
“No, pumpkin, you’re too little. You might spill it.”
“But, Mommy, Mopper said I could.”
“Baby, why don’t you grate the nutmeg, that’s a special job, and let Jessie help your grandma?”
“But, Mommy, I want to pour.”
“Kate, I mean it. Give Jessie the ladle, now. Thank you. Jess, take the ladle, half cups, no more. Be careful. Don’t spill it. Here, Kate. No, the other hand. You hold the grater in your left hand. And, the nutmeg in your right. Just rub the tip against it. Not so hard. Go fast, but not too hard. That’s right. Now, go around the room and ask, ‘Would you care for nutmeg?’ Okay?”
Kate gave her mother a dark look.
The punchbowl of glass, with hand-painted gold and silver flowers, had been sent from Germany as a wedding present for Opa’s parents. Sitting on the gold-rimmed tray, surrounding the pedestal of the bowl, were the fifteen chalice-shaped cups that remained of the original eighteen. As Bett held the out cup, Jessie, eyes frozen in concentration, brought the long handled silver ladle to the cup. When the cup was half full Bett set it on the linen runner that covered the scarred surface of the cherry sideboard. After all the cups were filled, Bett and Jessica began distributing them.
The chalice shape and the solemnity with which her oldest granddaughter held the cup made Bett think of a priest leading a procession. After Jessie passed out a cup, Kate came up and asked if he or she cared for nutmeg. In each instance when the answer was yes, Kate struck the nutmeg several times across the grater with the same exaggerated stroke that a child might use to light a kitchen match.
“Would you care for nutmeg, Mommy?”
“No, thank-you, Miss Kate. It makes me sneeze.”
“Does it make me sneeze, too?”
“I don’t think so, honey.”
After she had finished making her rounds, Kate knelt on the floor between the couch and the coffee table and began to grate nutmeg into her cup of eggnog. She was very careful to make sure that all of the nutmeg’s dust landed in the pale yellow froth. She bent her nose to the cup to see if she would sneeze. To get closer she spread her elbows out along the table. Her right elbow caught the edge of her mother’s punch cup. The cup tipped, fell against the edge of the table and rolled onto the floor. A cataract of thick creamy fluid cascaded down onto the red and blue border of the rug.
“Kaitlin! That was stupid. Pretty stupid. How could you? Jessie, quick, get a sponge.”
Neil and Bett said so close together that it sounded rehearsed, “Don’t worry, Katie, it’s all right.”
Lise ran to the kitchen.
At the end of the room where he had been sitting alone Bill looked up from his reading. He stared motionlessly as if waiting for something to happen. Kate, still on her knees, feeling trapped between the table and couch and the legs of her mother and grandmother, began to whimper. Dilly snapped her fingers at Kate.
“Shush. Enough of that. You’ve done enough. Give me the cup.”
When Kate hesitated Dilly said very slowly, “Give me the cup, now. I thought so. Look. See. See here. You’ve chipped it. You broke Granma’s cup.”
Bett interrupted.
“That’s okay, Dilly. It was an accident.”
“Accidents happen when little girls are foolish. You…”
What Bill had been waiting for seemed to have occurred. He got up from his chair and moved toward the couch.
“Enough. Leave her alone.”
Dilly jerked her head toward Bill.
“What are you telling me?”
“Just leave her alone. Your mother was right. It was an accident.”
“She…”
“I mean it, Dilly. Shut up. Leave her alone. It’s Christmas.”
Dilly’s voice rose in tone and volume.
“She’ll never learn.”
“None of us will ever learn all the lessons you think we need.”
Bill put his hand out across the table toward his daughter.
“I’m going for a walk. Want to come with me, Kate?”
“Yes, Daddy.”
“Go wash your hands, sweetie. Get the sticky off. I’ll get your coat.”
During Bill and Dilly’s interchange the rest of the family drew back into a vacant-stared silence. After Bill left the room everyone came back to life. Bett thought it looked like a game of charades when the guessing ends and movement is restored. Only Dilly remained frozen. Bett and Lise worked around Dilly’s feet cleaning up the eggnog. Neil took as long as possible at the punchbowl refilling his cup. Jessie rearranged the crèche scene set up on the piano. Nita looked at Peter, raised her eyebrows and gave him a half-smile. Finally Dilly said, “There’s always someone tired at Christmas.” She left it to each of the family to decide who she meant. Not everyone guessed the same name.

* * *

Lise half-turned to her older brother in the pale yellow light of late afternoon.
“God, Pete, I’m so stuffed I may seize up somewhere along this road.”
“If you do?”
“Just leave me. I deserve my fate. It was great though, wasn’t it?”
“Anytime anyone else is doing the cooking I think it’s great.”
“I guess so. How long’s the Retreat closed for?”
“A week.”
“That’s a long time for you.
“It’s been really slow anyway. It won’t hurt that much.”
“I’m glad you did it. It’s been great seeing you and knowing you’re not going to jump back in the car in the next minute.”
“I’m glad I’m here. And sorry Brad isn’t. I’d like to meet him. Dad said he was great. Really smart, but not genius, can’t do anything but think smart.”
“He’s got family, too.”
“Have you met them?”
“No. They’re in Kentucky.”
“Are you going to anytime soon?”
“Meaning?”
“Meaning is this serious?”
“Going to Kaintuck makes it serious? Who knows. Some days it feels that way. I feel really connected. Other days it feels like PBS. You know? Interesting stuff. Good for you. Enlightening. But still with the urge to flip the channel to see what else is on.”
“Because you’re bored?”
“No, not even really that. More just to see what else is on. Don’t want to miss anything. The thing is Brad’s a great guy.”
As she was becoming uncomfortable, Lise asked, “What about you?”
“The usual. Clear sailing. Nothing. Nothing going on. Nothing on the horizon. Nothing likely to be on the horizon.”
“Is that how you want it?”
“No. But, that’s how it is.”
“Why, Pete?”
Peter took a long time to answer.
“Lise, look. It’s P-town. It’s the business. It’s Massachusetts. It’s the hours. It’s the kids. It’s me. Mainly me. It’s not a great package.”
“You could be wrong. Let’s cut down through here. There’s always great sea glass out on the point.”
For the second time in less than five minutes, Lise wanted to change the direction of their conversation. Peter had been fifteen when she was born. By the time she was old enough really to be aware of him, he was gone. Her earliest memories of him were as someone home for the holidays. He had been more guest, more an uncle, than a brother. Home from college. Home in a uniform. Then home from the war. Wounded and wary. She really hadn’t come to know him until when she was in her early teens. She had spent most of three summers living with Pete, Gaby and the boys. The first summer she had babysat Miguel and Chris while Gaby helped out at the restaurant; however the next two summers she worked as a dishwasher and, then, as a prep cook. It was during those two summers that Lise came to love and respect her brother.
When everyone in the restaurant was running around yelling and screaming, Pete was calm. When the kitchen was hit with a dinner rush, rather than panicking as the salad and dessert men often did, Pete moved even faster and became more efficient. When busboys fought with dishwashers and waiters swore at the sous-chefs, her brother would defuse the anger with a calming word or two. For a time Lise had admired her brother, to the point of hero worship, for his concern, calm competency and his gentle leadership. Four years later, seeing Peter’s anguish at the loss of Gaby and the boys, Lise’s admiration had been tempered with compassion. Later, her compassion had become mixed with frustration as she watched Peter’s life tortuously coil around itself.
It was compassion which led Lise to change the subject by turning off the road. She climbed across the field of boulders that buffered the curve of the road from the destructive waters of storms and high tides. She cleared the last rocks and jumped down onto the sand. Looking back, she saw her brother slowly making his way through the jumble of stone. His long stops, false starts, flailing arms, and grimacing mouth were a more descriptive rendering of his condition than his words had been. She regretted leaving the road. Her mother’s sickness, Bill’s outburst, her brother’s pain were making Lise feel as though too many uncertainties were intruding in her life. Ignorance in science was one thing.
After Pete recovered from his climbing over the rocks, the two of them began to walk out toward the end of the spit of beach that pushed its way deep into the cove.
“Sorry.”
“For what?”
“For taking so long.”
“Ssshhh.”
“These feet.”
Pete walked with his head down until Lise said, “Don’t miss it. It’s too gorgeous. We can look for glass on the way back. God, I miss the water. Looking at the Charles River from a sealed lab window just doesn’t make it.”
“Well, at least you see what you can see. I live surrounded by water and hardly ever remember to look.”
“You probably see other things.”
“Like what?”
“I don’t know. Maybe people. You always seemed to know what was going on at the restaurant. What do you think that was with Dilly and Bill? Was that anything?”
“I don’t know. God, she can be so tough. No one’s allowed a mistake. It’s hard putting that on a kid. Mistakes should be forgiven.”
Lise wished that her brother could hear himself.
Lise mused, “Maybe it really is just Christmas. Mom said they were supposed to be with Bill’s family this year. Could be that, or something else.”
Peter nodded. “I imagine Dilly insisted they be here because of Mom. Could be economic. Do you know what’s happening with him at work? I’d think engineering firms would take it pretty hard in a downturn, and Mass. is in a freefall. Could be… Who knows. Could be anything.”
“Marriage?”
“Couldn’t say, Lise. Wouldn’t know. Didn’t see my own collapse. Do you get over there much?”
“Never.”
“Never?”
“Not really.”
“Why not? What are you? A half hour away?”
“A little more. Not much.”
“So?”
“God, Pete, I don’t know. Our lives are pretty different. I mean what do we have in common? Except here.”
“Nita, too?”
“A little more. We get together in the city once in awhile. The museum has a thing in the spring where they ask garden clubs to do arrangements that relate in some way to certain of the museum’s paintings. We got together for that last year.”
“You should see them more.”
“I don’t know, Pete. It’s great down here. I like it when we get together with Mom and Dad. But when I’m with them up there I feel like a stranger, almost an intruder. There’s no common ground. What seems weird is that all this stuff with Mom seems to have made it worse. Rather than pulling together, we’re being pushed even further apart. Like we need the distance for safety until we know what’s going on. “
“I know what you’re saying, but you can get past it. If you saw Dilly once in awhile, you might know what’s going on.”
“Right. You know she’d never talk about anything. You know that. Bill’s right. She’s the big sister. To everybody.”
“She might not say, but if you were there you could see.”
“God, look at that horseshoe crab. Of all the things that show up on a beach they always seem to me to be the least likely. They’re more like armadillos. I can see stumbling over one in Arizona next to a cactus, not on the beach. Did you ever see that bicycle helmet I made from the huge one I found washed up at the Dondells?”
“No, and I’m certainly very sorry I missed that. It sounds like you.”
“Actually it wasn’t for me. It was for somebody, but I drifted away from him before the shell was ready. I’ve still got it. You should see it. I kept the tail and painted warding-off symbols on it. You know what? Why don’t you come to Boston? Hang out with me a couple of days. I’ll show you the helmet, the weird proteins I’m growing. We could do Chinatown. Eat some Vietnamese. That’s your favorite, right? Chinatown’s half Vietnamese now. You weren’t going to stay here the whole time anyway were you?”
Peter looked far out at the darkening rills of the cove.
“No, I wanted to have a couple of days to do some cleaning and paint the restrooms.”
“Well, mercy me. I guess I just don’t have a prayer stacked up against those treats.”
“Let me think about it.”
“Maybe see Dilly.”
Rather than cutting back through the breakwater, Lise and Pete walked the length of the spit to where a short length of boardwalk had been built up and over the riprap. Between the two of them they found nearly a dozen pieces of sea glass. As usual, all of the pieces were from green, brown, or clear glass. Peter found a small pink stone to add to Bett’s collection of heart-shaped stones.
On the walk back to the house Lise asked Peter what he thought was going to happen in Kuwait. As soon as she saw his face, she wished she’d kept quiet. From the few slow words of his answer she knew that he wouldn’t be coming to Boston. She couldn’t be trusted.

* * *

Christmas night supper was turkey and lettuce sandwiches and the last of the relish tray. Kate and Jessie watched television for an hour before talking their grandfather into playing Sorry with them. Roger was recruited as a reluctant fourth. Lise, Peter and Nita joined Bett in front of the fireplace. Dilly made a point of mentioning that Bill had gone to their bedroom to continue reading the material he needed for a report he had to give at the end of the week. She had everything packed so that they could leave soon after the Sorry game was finished. If they left before nine-thirty, they’d be home not much after eleven o’clock.
“Honey, I’m so happy you came. Bill was sweet to change plans. Mark and Lonnie, too. I’ll write them a note to thank them for being so gracious. It’s hard for grandparents.”
“Mother, Mother, don’t apologize. We wanted to be here. We promised them we’d stay with them over the weekend. Bill’s project report will be out of the way by then. It’ll be less hectic.”
Peter asked, “Was it hectic here? I didn’t notice. It’s a lot calmer than at the restaurant.”
“More mellow than the lab.”
“Much calmer than court.”
Bett added, “Healthier than a hospital. Much healthier.”
Dilly wasn’t quite sure of what to make of her family’s comments.
“We didn’t wear you out, Mother?”
“Dilly, I’m worn-out happy. Like always at Christmas. Which is a nice change. Do you know that less than three weeks ago your father and I sat here and watched a fire and I couldn’t imagine having Christmas? I was just too tired. I think if you were to ask him he’d tell you that he was positive it was just going to be the two of us here today. A couple of days later I started to feel better. The last week or so I’ve felt better than at any time since I went to the hospital. Tonight, I’m tired, but I’m not exhausted. And I’m happy, not mopey. Very happy.”
From where she sat on the edge of the raised hearth Nita looked across to her mother and said, “It’s so good to hear you say that. We all have been very worried.”
Peter nodded in agreement, “What happens now?”
“I keep doing what I’ve been doing. Watch out for this arm. Pay attention to my diet. Keep up my exercises. Go in for check-ups. I’ve got one scheduled toward the end of January.”
Dilly twisted herself on the couch so that she could use her stare to reinforce her words.
“Have the check-up and then get away from here. You and Dad should take a cruise. Sit on a boat. Eat lots of fish and fruit. Relax. Get some sun. Just a little sun. I’m going to tell him. He should get you away from here.”
“Actually, I’m just happy to be back here. It’s the first time in months this house feels like home rather than — some daunting test.”
“Mother, Mother…”
“Dilly, ssshhhh, honey. Please don’t say anything to your father. Things have been difficult here and, maybe, tougher at the bank.”
“See. That’s why you should get away.”
“I don’t think he can get away. Kenyon wants to spend a good part of the winter in Florida. Your dad’s in charge. Just leave it be. When the time’s right, we’ll go.”
Peter leaned forward so that his whisper would carry to Bett.
“How bad is it?”
“He doesn’t say much, you know how he is about bad news, but he has been very distracted. The runs have everyone scared. Rumors can be much worse than reality. And all of it is not just rumors. I think it could be very bad. There’s so much real estate just sitting there.”
“I couldn’t believe how many houses for sale Pete and I saw just walking around here.”
“It was bad before, the recession has made it worse, and this stand-off in Kuwait seems to have stopped everybody in mid-step. Your father has some developers that he has worked with for years who could lose everything.”
Dilly jumped in, “He should just retire.”
“When the going gets tough, the tough get going—down the road, right, Dilly?”
“Look, Nita. He’s sixty-six. Most guys his age would have been long gone by now. He’s more than done his duty.”
To keep Dilly and Nita from going another round Peter said, “I’m being tempted from my duties by this one.” He pointed to Lise. “She’s asked me to come to Boston for a couple of days.”
“Honey, that sounds like a wonderful idea.”
“I thought if Pete came up we could all get together. What do you think?”
Nita and Dilly both said that getting together sounded like a wonderful idea; however Lise noticed that neither suggested a time. Later in the conversation Nita made a point of noting how busy the end of the year always was. A lot of property changed hands for tax purposes. Dilly once again brought up how hectic things were with Bill’s report. The days would be full with the kids being home for vacation.
Lise thought that her mother was right. Everybody was caught in mid-step.



Chapter 15


As she walked back along the lane from the mailbox Bett opened the thick envelope and flipped through the Christmas photographs that it held. Neil and herself in front of the tree. Lise, Nita, Dilly and Peter with faked faces of anticipation each pointing to a stocking hanging from the crowded mantle. The annual photo of Queenie resplendent in her red velvet bow. Bill with a tentative smile. And… Bett stopped. It took a moment for her to comprehend what it was she was seeing. Someone had taken the small Santa and Mrs. Claus statues from the sleigh and photographed them in the middle of a clump of flowering pansies. Mr. and Mrs. Claus were leaning on one another in a lurching way as if they were injured or drunk. The Claus’, with their ruddy cheeks and winter wear, looked out of place in the crowd of purple and yellow pansy faces. Bett remembered Jessie and Kate whispering by the red and gold sleigh. The girls must have taken them and the camera and gone to the garden. Even they had understood how strange it was to have summer flowers blooming on Christmas Day.
During her preparations for Christmas Bett had worked hard to keep herself from thinking of the dandelions flowering and going to seed in the lawn and the patches of pansies and Johnny-jump-ups blooming along the borders of the walks. She had told herself over and over again that it need not be cold for Christmas. She had constantly hectored herself that it was the worst kind of foolishness to link the unusual winter warmth to the status of her disease. She had tried to focus on being grateful for the return of her physical well-being and to be so engrossed in making things nice for her family that she could totally ignore the outlandish weather. It might have been fifty-five degrees with green grass and flowers outside, but it had looked and seemed like a cold winter Christmas inside.
Now, the house, at least, was back to normal. The tree was down. The ornaments were packed away. Neil had finished the last shards of ribbon candy that had come back out of hiding after Dilly had left. Peter had been gone for almost a week. She was holding three identical envelopes which would contain three nearly identical thank-you cards from Dilly’s kids. Everything was normal, but she was sobbing—in part for the Claus’ reminder of the unseasonal warmth and more because she felt awful. The fatigue, which made her feel as if she must be an alien from some planet where the gravity was half as strong as Earth’s, had begun again two nights before, just after dinner. She had tried to brush it off. It was New Year’s Day. Everybody ran themselves down at the holidays. It was nerves. She was worried about Neil. After the day’s events he must be exhausted, too.
Unsure of how or whether to celebrate the departure of the old or the arrival of a new year, they had stayed home on New Year’s Eve. On New Year’s Day, they had watched Rhode Island inaugurate its new governor. Three hours after the ceremony, the governor had announced that he was closing all of the financial institutions in the state that had been operating under private insurance. The Rhode Island Share and Deposit Indemnity Corporation, RISDIC, which had guaranteed the deposits at forty-five financial institutions, including South Coastal, had failed. Shoring up one institution, which had had a run made on it, and trying to cope with a thirteen million dollar embezzlement by the owner of another bank—an owner who just happened to be a director of RISDIC—had drained RISDIC of its reserves. Rather than going back to its member institutions for an infusion of cash, it had declared itself insolvent. Rhode Island law stated that financial institutions could not operate without depositor insurance. Until other insurance could be found, more than three hundred thousand accounts were being frozen—in a state that had a population of just over a million. The guess was that more than one and one half billion dollars was locked up, and no one knew for how long.
Immediately after the new governor’s press conference, which they had missed, Neil received a call from another bank officer telling him that South Coastal was closed. Neil reached Kenyon Hall at his condominium in Florida. Kenyon promised to fly out as soon as possible, but in the interim he wanted Neil to call a meeting of officers to deal with the emergency and to look into the requirements and procedures to apply for the federal insurance provided by the FDIC. Neil made a number of phone calls before giving Bett a long tight hug and leaving for the bank. He was gone for several hours before returning home with a bulging briefcase and a very distracted air. During a late dinner he tried to reassure Bett about the scope of the problem, but his flitting eyes belied his words. After dinner Neil went to the study. When she looked in on him before going to bed, he was so engrossed that she decided to say nothing about how poorly she was feeling. When the pain wakened her that night she found Neil curled tight against her. Later, she heard him snoring, something he rarely did. When she awoke in the morning he was already gone. He called in mid-afternoon to tell her that she shouldn’t make dinner for him. He wouldn’t be home until very late.
Bett had wanted to wait up for him, but before it was eight o’clock the thought of climbing the stairs to their bedroom began to seem daunting. She left him a note to wake her when he came to bed. He didn’t. When she herself was startled awake early in the morning from something fiercely hot poking in her armpit, she found him sleeping down the hall in Lise’s old room. When Neil came downstairs, looking anything but rested, Bett had fixed him breakfast, scurrying around using an energy she didn’t have while trying to find the right mix of questions and support for his problems. Neil had said he wouldn’t be home for dinner and tried to make a joke about losing the weight that so worried Dilly.
In a way Bett was glad Neil wasn’t around. His absence allowed her to keep a slower pace. She tried not to think about what might be causing her to be so enervated, but with little success. She guessed it could be anything from just simple holiday fatigue, to a low grade fever, to another cycle of healing and rebuilding to something else. Ever since the surgery there had been good days and bad days. This was no different except that the cycle of good days had lasted so long that the return of the bad days was a shock. Bett decided that she would wait out the pain.
Bett buried the Santa Claus picture at the bottom of the pile and slowly walked up the lane trying to work herself up to enjoying the thank you cards from her grandchildren.

* * *

Kenyon stuck his head in Neil’s office.
“See me.”
Neil felt sick but he wanted to get it over with. When he entered the office, Kenyon was already at his desk. His coat had been flung over the back of a chair.
“Sit down.”
The phone began to ring.
“I suppose this bastard won’t quit.”
Kenyon reached for the receiver, hesitated, then felt for the ringer button and switched it off.
“I’m not going to listen to that all day. Hang on.”
South Coastal Bank’s president strode to the door.
“Marge, no calls. I’m not in yet. You don’t know when. Got it? Good.”
He turned to Neil.
“What have you been doing?”
“A little bit of everything. On the operations side we’re trying to get an idea about the loans. This couldn’t have come at a worse time. End of the month, end of the year. We’ve already received a lot of payments and the mail over the next couple of days is going to bring in plenty more, but anything drawn on a closed institution is just paper. Can’t be cashed. A number of those payments were catch-up checks. Roy Diggs, Varner, several others brought themselves up to date. Except it doesn’t do us any good. People want to pay us, the money’s there, but it’s frozen. That means that a big chunk of our portfolio is going to go into arrears, and, worse of course, is that we’re going to be forced to put some of those loans into non-performing.”
“That could screw us.”
“On getting FDIC? You bet.”
Neil continued, “If we want to get federal insurance, our non-performing loans have to be under their cut point. Right now, we’re okay. I went over everything. We’re fine.”
“I would have guessed that. You’re a hell of a loan officer.”
Neil wished that Kenyon would hold his praise. It would make it less awkward later.
“But. Every day things stay closed, the worse things will become. More of our loans will be in trouble. Technical trouble, not real trouble. But the feds won’t care. They don’t care if the money’s out there. They want to see it in here. The other thing I see is payments from borrowers with accounts in banks that are still open may slow, too.”
“How do you figure?”
“They may use that money to help out family. You know the demographics. We’ve got just about the oldest population of any state. Fixed incomes tend to chase higher interest rates. Those institutions that paid the highest rates could only do that by taking on more risk. Which means they’ll have the weakest portfolios, which means they’ll be the last to re-open.”
Kenyon interrupted, “If they ever do.”
“Right, if they ever do. If someone has to choose between paying us and taking care of Mom or Pop, we’re going to come out the loser.”
“We’re going to have to move fast on the FDIC application. And then hope to God they process us fast. Let’s get started.”
“We’ve already begun.”
“How so soon?”
Neil turned his hands up in supplication. “I’d sent for the application forms last fall. Remember when I asked you about FDIC and you said no? I went ahead and did it then. I just wanted to see what the process was.”
Kenyon took his time deciding whether he was angry that Neil had done an end run on him or grateful.
“If I’d listened then, we could have saved our ass. The bank wouldn’t be in this mess.”
“Me neither.”
From the look on his face it was obvious that Kenyon didn’t understand.
“What do you mean?”
“My daughter Lise’s boyfriend, Brad, remember me telling you about him, he got me thinking about things. The more I thought about it, the more dangerous the situation seemed. I imagine you’re no different than I am. I can remember my parents talking about the problems in the Depression when the banks failed. It started to look like we were getting ourselves in the same situation. The only difference around here was that the speculation was on land rather than stocks. I know so many of the bankers around the state. That didn’t give me much comfort. You and I talked a couple of times about RISDIC. You said everything was going to be okay. I had a hard time believing that, but I didn’t want to be disloyal.”
Kenyon drummed the tip of his pen into his hand.
“You were right. I was wrong. I already said that. We’re got a lot to do. What’s your point?”
“With Bett being sick, as you might imagine, we’ve had some unusual expenses. She says she’s been good lately, but I’m not so sure. I’d like to believe that she’ll be fine, but I’ve trained myself to be conservative. I have to think about the bad things that could happen and be prepared for them.”
“Fine, Neil, that’s fine, but what’s it got to do with anything? C’mon. We’ve got a lot to do.”
“Kenyon, you may not want me to be the one doing it.”
Kenyon started to say something, but Neil kept going.
“I took a bunch, almost all of my money out of here. Last week. Just after you left.”
Kenyon laughed.
“Good for you, Neil. You’re smarter than your boss. I may be living on my credit cards for awhile. You were worried that I’d be mad because you took money out, because you were disloyal to my bank? Don’t be foolish. Don’t even think about it.”
Kenyon laughed again.
Neil said, “I was worried about that when I did it. I wasn’t sure how you’d take it, and I didn’t like the feeling that I was sneaking around after you were gone.”
“Well, it’s okay.”
“Now, I’m worried about something else. The papers and, from what I’ve been told, the radio talk shows have had a lot of discussion about insiders using their connections and information to get their money out before RISDIC failed. I’m afraid that if the word gets out about my withdrawals people will think that that’s what I did. My reputation and the bank’s both could be harmed.”
Kenyon thought for a moment before he responded.
“I can see your point, but I don’t think you’ll have much of a problem.”
“Why not?”
“Well, mainly, because my money stayed in the bank. I’m much more of an insider than you are. Hell, you’re not even native. Who’s going to do you a favor? At first glance, it might look strange, but a minute’s reflection would have to lead anyone half-way in the know to the conclusion that your withdrawals were coincidental.”
Neil nodded trying to reassure himself that Kenyon was right. He wanted to ask Kenyon whether anyone would be calm enough to take that minute for reflection, but he decided he was better off just assuming that Kenyon was right.
“Okay?”
“Okay.”
“Good. Let me make a few phone calls and then I’ll be down to help with that application. If we really push and use every chit we’ve ever earned we might be able to get a quick answer from FDIC and get this operation going again. Two hundred years and as far as I know, this is the first time we’ve closed. My ancestors will be shooting lightning bolts at my ass pretty soon if we don’t get this resolved. That I don’t need. Not with Cammie sitting down in West Palm loading up because I abandoned her to come back here.”
“Brad told me that in the past, in bad situations, the FDIC has worked hard to expedite applications.”
“Good. Let’s hit it. Let’s get the damn doors open again. The sooner we do, the sooner I can get my hands on some money and the less apt I’ll be to have to have my hand out for some of yours.”
Kenyon Hall laughed. Neil tried to join him, but only a smile would come. The sound was stuck at the bottom of his throat.



Chapter 16


“Petey Sweetie, come here, come see what your president’s done.”
With his head sticking through the half-open door, Raoul motioned Peter to join him in the waiter’s dressing room. Peter gave a final stir to the last of the sauces in the steam-table before limping toward the end of the kitchen.
The Retreat’s owner wished that he was somewhere else. The dining room was almost empty. The first two weeks of January had been the slowest that he could ever remember.
The swinging door was pushed open and Raoul poked his head outside for a second time.
“Petey, sweetie, ppwease huwwy,” he said in an exaggerated lisp.
“What’s the matter?”
“Your president. Bush the tall tush. Cap’n. Wimp. Look. He’s bombing Sodom Insane.”
“What?”
“Look. Live from Baghdad.”
Peter’s stomach dropped so fast that he freefell to the nearest of the scarred benches that lined the graffiti-friezed walls of the staff room. White lights, like strands of pearls, skittered across the small screen of the staff television. Raoul swept his arm toward the TV as if he were offering a good table to a favored customer.
“Your tax dollars hard at work.”
“Oh, my God.”
“Same prayer, well, maybe substitute Allah, they’re probably saying there.”
“Bob, please, be quiet.”
Raoul went to the set and turned up the volume then returned to stand next to Peter. He wanted to say something apologetic to Peter, but he felt too embarrassed to do so. When monumental events occurred, good or bad—learning that a friend had received a large Jackson Pollock/Lee Krassner grant, being told that a former lover had been diagnosed with AIDs—Raoul always responded with very quick, very cynical humor. Fast and funny. That’s what he tried to be. But, sometimes he knew he went too fast. In the excitement of the news of the American invasion of Iraq, Raoul had forgotten Peter and Viet Nam. He wondered what was going on in Peter’s head as he stared so fixedly at the strings of lights which danced behind the head of a very attractive reporter.
“Stay here, Peter. I’ll just check the dining room. Do you want anything?”
From Bob’s inflection Peter knew that he had been asked a question; however he had no idea what it was.
“Sure, whatever you think.”
After the maitre d’ came back to report that a table of six had just been seated, Peter moved the television into the kitchen. As he cooked, he watched. Later, at home, he watched through the night. In the morning, on his way to the restaurant, he made a detour to buy a six-inch rechargeable color television. He installed it on the shelf over the stoves. When he went to his office to do ordering, scheduling and the books, he took the television with him.
In the days that followed the American invasion, as first heated and, then, enthusiastic discussions about the war took place among the waiters, dishwasher, and prep cooks, Peter made no comments. When asked his opinion of SCUD missiles landing in Israel, or B-2 bombing raids on the Republican Guard, or the strategic importance of the oil spills, or the wide-spread display of yellow ribbons in support of the troops, or whether he had ever been under friendly fire, or whether tanks were much used in Viet Nam, or whether an all-volunteer army made sense, he would shrug his shoulders. His blank look and frequent shrugs made it seem as if he could no longer understand the war language—long familiar to him—that was being so eagerly acquired and used by all the civilians around him. He would shrug and turn his eyes back to the screen. When a seventeen year old dishwasher asked Peter if he could put a large yellow bow on the front door of The Retreat, Peter remained motionless for a long time before nodding his head yes.

* * *

“Hey, meu amigo, como vai?”
At the sound Peter drew himself deeper inside his skin. When he turned from the stove he avoided looking into Gaby’s eyes.
“Hi. You startled me. It’s been a long time since I’ve heard that voice in here.”
“Long, long time.”
“You okay?”
“Sure. I’m fine.”
Gaby leaned over the counter and began to sniff at each of the battered stainless steel sauce containers sitting in the bain-marie.
“Smells good.”
“Just the same old stuff.”
“It was always pretty good stuff.”
“Fewer people seem to think that.”
“It’s tough all over. It really has been terrible.”
As he usually did with someone when he didn’t know what else to do, Peter asked, “Are you hungry?”
Gaby laughed and Peter was forced to look away from, to him, her startling warmth and beauty. Since she had left him, the days had felt so unending that he was surprised all the hours of enduring hadn’t diminished his feelings for her.
“Well, it’s not been that terrible. Food and shelter are still doable. Thanks, in part, to you. I can guess how hard it’s been. I’m very grateful about how good you’ve been with the boys’ support.”
Peter’s intended a rueful smile but guessed that it looked like a grimace.
“Can you imagine if I missed a payment and Dilly or Nita found out?”
“I think that even if Dilly and Nita weren’t around you’d still be good about it.”
“Mom’s always said, ‘First things first.’”
“Yeah? Well, lots of guys must have had different kinds of moms. I can’t believe how many of my friends get stiffed by their ex’s.”
“Duty.”
“Yeah, duty. We’ve been hearing a lot about that.”
Gaby gestured toward the television set that was playing behind Pete’s head. Peter turned toward the screen and then back to Gaby without saying anything.
“The boys say that you’ve been watching that a lot.”
Peter shrugged his shoulders.
“Me along with a couple of hundred million other people.”
“What d’ya think? Is the ground war close?”
“Are the boys okay?”
“Yeah, they’re fine. They’re home. I came up to see Dina and I just thought I’d drop by.”
“It’s nice to see you. How has work been?”
“It’s been bad. But enough. I mean I think we’ll hang on. You can only put off car repairs for so long. And as poor as people get, most of them can’t really do much more for themselves than change their oil.”
“That’s me.”
“Me, too, although I’m getting where I can talk a good game. It’s funny. People call and tell me what their car is doing and I’m getting now so that I can kind of diagnose it over the phone. ‘Sounds like a timing chain, Mr. Petri. Better bring it in right away.’ Now, I don’t know what a timing chain does or where one goes, but I know the symptoms of a bad one, know what the box of a new one looks like, what it costs, and how long it should take to put it in.”
Peter aimed a small smile to a neutral zone just off to the right side of Gaby’s face.
“You should get them to change your title.”
“From scheduler to what?”
“Automotive consultant.”
“Knowing without doing.”
“That’s the business.”
“Not like restaurants.”
Peter grunted, “Doing without knowing.”
“Not you. I didn’t mean that. But lots of others. A dentist or a lawyer likes steak so he figures he’s qualified to open a restaurant.”
“You’d think that someone with a grad school education would be brighter than that.”
You might think that. I wouldn’t. I see what they know about cars.”
“Well, if bright guys don’t know enough to stay clear of restaurants, what hope does that leave for the rest of us?”
“Is it really that bad? You used to love being here.”
“Maybe the bloom is off the rose, or roast.”
“I used to like being in here with you when you were tearing around. You gave off so much energy.”
“My batteries aren’t what they were.”
“Whose are? Life uses up a lot of charge. ‘Mr. Petri, better bring it in. I think you need a new battery.’”
“New batteries aren’t easy to come by.” Peter hoped that he didn’t sound to Gaby as wistful as he sounded to himself.
“You really think that’s true? What about new staff, a new menu, new ingredients, remodeling?”
“New, and many, many more customers?”
“Pete, you know if you can hold on, they’ll be back.”
“Gaby, it’s P-town. A lot of those people who used to come here will never be back. They’re dead.”
“How’s Bob?”
“He’s fine. I guess. I hope. I don’t know how he could be, given the years and the lifestyle, but he seems to be fine. Each day I get scared he’s going to tell me he’s got it, too. I’ll bet he’s had fifty friends die. “
“I don’t doubt it. He’s always known everybody. Is he here tonight?”
“Sure. In the dining room.”
“It’ll be nice to see him. What about that?” Gaby gestured toward the television.
His ex-wife’s change of topics was so abrupt that Peter didn’t understand.
“What do you mean?”
“Battery. Is that a battery? What’s that doing? Recharging America?”
Again, Peter shrugged his shoulders.
Gaby mimicked him. “Nao sei.”
Peter nodded, “Nao sei.”
“As well as the bombing has gone, they say it could give America a new spirit. But it looks like it’s been draining yours.”
Peter shrugged again.
“Why did I think any different? Pete, I can’t imagine what all this stuff, this war, is stirring up in you. Things you’ve been carrying for twenty years. Other things you’ve been skittering past for twenty years. It might be a good time to talk about some of it. It’s gotta hurt to see all the yellow ribbons, to hear people be so careful to be for the troops even though they’re against the war. I can’t imagine how much it must hurt to know about all the school kids sending letters over there. To see everybody making such an effort to make the troops feel good and themselves to feel better. Feel better for what they screwed up twenty years ago. They’re making restitution, but it seems to me it’s to the wrong group of soldiers.”
Peter bent over and lifted the lids on a couple of sauces.
“Please, Pete, don’t go blank on me. Can’t you say anything? Everybody seems to be trying to get rid of the last of Viet Nam and you say nothing. You keep holding it in like a baby holding its breath when it’s crying. It’s scary. I keep waiting for the scream.”
“Gaby, our lives are running down different roads.”
“There are, or were, reasons for that. This…” Gaby lifted her shoulders high and then dropped them in a theatrical mockery of Peter’s shrug. “This is a big reason for that. You won’t ever have your future unless you get your mind off the past. I’ll leave it alone, now. I know I’ve pushed, but I can be around if you want to talk. And you don’t have to talk to me, but talk to someone. Get it behind you. That’s enough soap box. How’s Bett?”
Peter started to shrug but caught himself.
“She seems to be doing pretty well. She was much better at Christmas than she had been at Thanksgiving.”
“It’s gotta be tough. I should call her.”
“She’d like that.”
“How’s your Dad doing with it?”
“You know Dad. He always puts a good face on things, but I’m not too sure how he’s really doing. Do you know about the banking stuff?”
“Not really. I’m more a timing belt person.”
“South Coastal’s closed. Across Rhode Island more than three hundred thousand bank accounts are frozen. Locking up all that money, especially right after Christmas, has really screwed everything up. He’s had threatening calls. People are getting crazy angry. He’s going to un-list the phone. I’ll give the new number to the boys when I get it. Between all that and Mom I’d guess that he’s starting to get pretty stretched, but when we talk he’s always sounds fine.”
“Like father like son?”
Peter thought for a moment before he shrugged, “Maybe.”
“I gotta get back. You closed at all?”
“Mondays.”
“Can I cook for you some Monday?”
Peter shrugged.
Gaby smiled as she shook her head.
“You think about it. Hard. Take care of yourself. I’ll give you a call. I’m gonna say hello to Bob. Nice seeing you, Pete. Ate logo.”
“Nice seeing you, too, Gaby.”
She stopped by the bun warmer.
“Okay?”
“Sure.”
Gaby gave Peter a sheepish smile, opened the drawer, removed a roll, sniffed it, took a big bite, and gave him a slight wave as she pushed through the swinging door into the dining room.
At the end of the night, as Peter piled crackers with blue cheese, onion and pieces of leftover bacon and Raoul picked at a sparse spinach salad, Raoul said, “Dearie, was there a point?”
“You mean Gaby?”
“Mmmmm.”
“I don’t know.”
“Well, so much for the oft-posited men’s intuition.”
Peter wanted to know how long Gaby had talked to Bob and what she had said, but he couldn’t bring himself to ask.
“She’s fading, I thought.”
“Bob, please.”
“Peter, puhleeeze. Carry a torch. I don’t care. But, for God’s sake, use its light. She’s still dishy if you like dark hair and flashy eyes—as we both are wont to do. But, all is not ageless. There’s a certain, je ne sais quoi, settling going on. Remember, it’s hope, not beauty, that springs eternal. Did she want money?”
“You’re too much.”
“Well, don’t forget, I’m just a poor fag. I don’t know about these things except what I hear at the salon. Forgive me. I thought women always came back to their ex’s for more money.”
“She didn’t want money.”
“Then, what?”
“I don’t know. To say hello. To see you.”
“Oh, yes, correctimundo, that must be it. To see me. Her old and most dear ami. Get real, sweet eyes.”
“She always liked you, Bob.”
“Well, I always liked her until she trundled off with the soul of my master and those ingenuous monsters he calls his sons.”
“She did what she thought she had to do.”
“You know, if I knew more about the hours, the wages and the fringes, I might suggest you go into the canonization business. Although, with Sodom Insane and all the little Sodomites, the business may be going to hell. Too many martyrs in queue to get your case heard. It’s unbelievable to me that a man who gasses thousands of his own people, invades a neighboring country, or, more aptly in this instance, country club, and who lobs missiles at a neutral country can sell himself, successfully, as a saint.”
“The media.”
“You’re probably right. They pitch the ball however they want. But, they’re such cute boys. Walking around in their little bush jackets, like they think they’re on safari. I think they watched too many movies on Saturday TV. Sooo cute. And sooo earnest. My God, are they earnest. And, seemingly, regrettably, not very bright. Plus, when and how do they have time to do any reporting? They have to jump in front of a camera at any second. Plus what percent do you think speak Arabic? Try zero. They can’t even listen in on a conversation on the street, but sooo insightful. And, sooooo cute. So cute that they’ve distracted me from canonization. ‘We have a position open. Will you apply? You have all the qualities we’re seeking. Quiet, gracious, somewhat attractive suffering. A just cause. A distracted kind of humility. And most important, an incapacity, an inability, an absolute unwillingness to avoid one’s fate.’
“Now, I see your head start to wobble. Attends, un moment. Don’t decide just yet. Think about it. Sleep on it. You could end up the patron saint of troubled resort restaurateurs. Imagine your face, touched up a tad and air-brushed, of course, appearing on one of those little holy day cards with your beatitude batting stats on the back. Imagine little saintlets in the halls and on the playgrounds of parochial schools around the world. ‘Hey, Vinnie, I’ll trade you a Francis of Assisi and two Veronica’s for a St. Peter of the Perennial Retreat.”
“Why do you think she was here?”
“Lumpkin, limpkin, is this deja-vu or, better, déjà entendu? Not too many minutes ago I’m sure I heard myself ask the same question. Dearie, it wasn’t rhetorical. I don’t know. Despite the encroaching paunch, and fussy know-it-all-ism, I’m not Miss Marple. All I know is that she was here for a reason. Her being here means something. What, I don’t know. We didn’t talk. We only chatted. What did she talk about with you?”
“Nothing, really.”
“Oh, yes, of course. And it’s just that same nothing that makes you avert your eyes. It’s all right. I’ve become used to it. All you hets, with your strange, little, secretive subculture, do it. I understand. You fear the light of day. You fear our rejection. You don’t want to be outed.
“Oh, God, this is positively the last little bit of green I’m ever eating. I swear it. I hate spinach. I hate the work it takes to be beautiful. I’m off to chez moi to become old and ugly; who’s going to the bank?”
“I’ll go.”
“Tra-la, lovie. Pleasant dreams of you know who and I know what.”
“Good night, Bob.”
“Pou.”



Chapter 17


“What a surprise.”
“Ellen, I should’ve called.”
“Don’t be silly, Bett. You’re always welcome. Come in. How are you? It’s been too long. How were the holidays?”
As Bett followed Ellen down a dark blue and rich red oriental runner into a parlor with brown and gold-colored upholstered Windsor back chairs and pie crust tables she said, “The holidays were fine. At least until this banking crisis began. How have you been?”
“My pipes are a little noisy, but other than that things are going along pretty well. I’m scheduled to go back in in a couple of weeks to see how well the healing has gone. If it has made as much progress as they hope, then, they’ll set a date for the reversal. Pull the bag. Re-stitch the bowel. Send me on my merry way. No more gurgling. ‘In quietness and confidence shall be your strength.’ Isaiah. Thanks you, Isaiah. Looking forward to it.
“How’s Neil been doing?”
“He’s been wearing himself out. I’ve never seen him work this hard, not when he was young, not even a couple of years ago when times were so good, during the real estate boom. I hardly see him. Besides being closed, the bank has a number of big developers close to defaulting. He may have to pull the rug out from under a number of old customers who had just been hanging on. Some good loans are going bad because the people who owe them money can’t pay, even when they have the money, because their accounts are frozen, too. The politicians and the newspaper act as if things will start to sort themselves out in a few weeks or, at most, in a couple of months, but Neil thinks it could be years. He and Kenyon have been going crazy trying to get the FDIC to look at them. He’s sure they’ll qualify, but everything’s taking so long. I’ve never seen him like this. It worries me.”
Ellen had been nodding her head as Bett talked.
“I know it’s very hard, but it had to come. With good states having trouble, you could guess that Rogue Island would have a catastrophe. We’ve had quite a few friends who have been caught. It’s been so hard for friends our age who’ve been using interest to supplement pensions and Social Security.
“Do you want some tea? We could drink a cup and listen to my plumbing.”
“Tea sounds nice.”
After realizing what she said, Bett laughed. Ellen waggled a finger at Bett.
“You may change your mind after you hear it steep inside me.”
Bett sat at the kitchen table while Ellen put water on and got out several cans of tea, tea balls, a teapot, a creamer and sugar bowl and cups and saucers.
“I love tea. It can be such ceremony. What kind would you like? I have keemun, lapsang souchang, oolong, jasmine, and lots of herbals, including ginger.”
“I like oolong.”
“So do I. It’s so smoky it makes me think of campfires. It’s probably a sin. Which of course makes it nicer. A day without sin is a day without sunshine.”
“It that your secret?”
“Bett, it’s not a secret. Everyone knows what a pick-me-up something forbidden can be. Don’t you do that?”
“I don’t know.”
“And I took you for such a sensible girl.”
Bett laughed, Ellen joined her, and then, continued.
“When we were little children there were all those things people and parents and teachers told us we couldn’t do. Then, when we were adults, as young and, then, not-so-young parents, there were all these things we told ourselves we shouldn’t do. And, now, as we begin our slide into home-base, there are all these people around again telling us what we can’t do. Doctors and nurses and AARP and our children and nutritionists and bankers and insurance agents and God only knows who else. When I was a little girl I was a sweet little thing. I ‘yes, ma’amed’ and ‘no sirred’ everybody with shoes, and when no one was looking I did exactly as I pleased. I do the same thing now. The doctors tell me to eat this and avoid that. I nod these silver curls as sweetly as when I was a child. Then, I do exactly as I please.”
“Don’t you worry that you’ll harm yourself?”
“Not enough to change my ways. I think everybody is so afraid of making a mistake that they err on the side of safety. I choose to operate outside the zone of insurance the experts have set for themselves. When I eat a little of this forbidden fruit and avoid a little of that recommended exercise, I just feel better. I feel good from having made my own decisions, better from having denied the bogeyman authority, and best, I think, from assuming that this recalcitrant body of mine is not such a fragile vessel. Some people would have all of us in rockers living on bran from sixty-three onward. Moderation in all things, Bett—especially in doing what someone thinks is good for you.”
“It’s funny to hear you say that. Over Christmas one of my daughters, my middle one Nita, was trying to explain the Golden Mean to Kate, Dilly’s younger girl.”
“That’s parental heresy. Did Dilly protest that Nita was subverting her authority?”
“Dilly wasn’t in the room.”
“Thank God. The Golden Mean is a terrible thing for a child to learn if you’re that child’s parent. Free will. Choice. Reason. All anathema to authority.
“Well, this should be sinfully rich by now. Black or white, my dear?”
“Black, please.”
Ellen passed the small flowered cup and saucer to Bett.
“Ohhhh, such daring. Now, you’re getting it. A bold blackguard. I toast you. To our resilient health and indomitable spirits.”
Bett slightly lifted her cup toward Ellen. Ellen dipped her head in appreciation then asked, “And, now, having toasted, perhaps you’ll tell me why you’re so squinched up around the eyes. Bad news? You came through the door looking like you were carrying more weight than just your purse.”
“You don’t miss much, do you?”
“My dear, I plan to be one of those old ladies who knows everything. Kind of a Miss Marple type. Casing the neighborhood. Inquisitioning the neighborhood children. Keeping tabs. Nosing around everybody’s business as my own gets less interesting. And all the while being old-womanly, snappishly direct. As now. What’s wrong?”
“Everything is starting over.”
“What do you mean?”
“I just came from the doctor. I had a terrible check-up. They want me to do more radiation and probably chemotherapy.”
“I’m so sorry, dear. Here, let me hug you.”
Ellen stood and walked the two steps to Bett. Bett remained seated for a moment as she fought the urge to push away from Ellen’s affection. When she finally did stand Bett kept her head down and her arms as limp at her sides as a guilty child.
Ellen tried to look under Bett’s brow to find her eyes.
“Oh, I can tell that this is going to be satisfying.”
Ellen dropped her voice an octave and barked, “C’mon, Koster, get those arms up. If you want to surrender, do it at the end of the war, not at the beginning of the fight.”
Bett started to murmur something.
“Don’t be sorry. Just hug me.”
Ellen wedged her shoulder and hip against Bett and squeezed her tight. After a slight hesitation, Bett felt strength come to her arms and she squeezed Ellen back. In her ear Bett heard Ellen whisper, “Not too bony?”
“No.”
“Damn bag. All my intimacies have to be tangential. All right, break free, gentlewomen, and go to your corners.”
After Ellen sat back down, she stared at Bett with a warm eyes and a firmly set mouth for a moment before asking, “Now, what did they say?”
“They’ve found a tumor in my leg.”
“In your leg?”
“In my femur. They say it’s not unusual. A lot of breast cancers metastasize to the bones. Supposedly the tumor is not that big so they’re not surprised the bone scan I had in the fall didn’t pick it up.”
“How bad is it?”
“They never really say, do they? Or maybe they think they do, but they say it in such a way that you’re not sure what you’ve been told. Because of the jargon and probably, to be fair, because it’s so hard to hear what they’re saying. But, obviously it’s not good. Bone cancer doesn’t sound very good to me.”
“What do they want to do?”
“Be aggressive. Isn’t that always the watchword? They want to do more radiation and, maybe, chemotherapy. They said it’ll probably be harder this time. Because the dosages will be increased. And because I’m already worn down.”
“But no surgery.”
“No, no surgery.”
“No green Jello.”
Despite her feelings of being overwhelmed, Bett laughed.
“No, no green Jello.”
“Maybe you could have it at home. I could bring it to you. As we well know, nothing is a stronger incentive to get well than green J E Hell-double L No. Do you suppose they ever take one minute in medical school to discuss the impact of hospital food on the patient?”
“It doesn’t seem like it.”
Ellen picked up a spoon, held it close to her mouth as if it were a microphone, and lowered her voice. “At Kill’em hospital today two more patients went into gelatin comas. Scientists say that the vibrations of the brightly-hued colloid as it’s wheeled into the patient’s room may be setting off a concatenated vibration inside the patient’s skull. The evidence to date seems to suggest that the longer the stay the stronger the vibratory response. Dr. Dessertthevurst theorizes that the longer the patient is hospitalized the more his brain is apt to turn to Jello both from too much television and the large intake of the synthetic sweetness of the staff. He posits that when gelatinous food is added to the patient’s desuetude the two variables interact to turn the poor slob’s brain to gray J E L—well, you know what.”
Bett smiled. Ellen caught her eye.
“Koster, I’m working pretty hard here. Could you give me a little more positive response?”
As Bett widened her smile and began to nod her head up and down, tears formed in her eyes.
Ellen reached her liver-spotted fingers out to hold Bett’s hand.
“Let it go. Cry all you want. I even think I’ll join you.”
The tea was cold and Ellen’s hand felt prickly numb and her ring finger ached from being gouged before Bett’s silent weeping was complete.
“I don’t think I would feel this badly if I hadn’t felt so good over the holidays. You remember how badly I felt all through November and into December? Then, it all that went away. I felt like my old self. It was wonderful. I had energy. I wasn’t exhausted. The burning went away. I think I used all those good feelings to convince myself that everything was over. I’d done my part and I’d won.
“A couple of weeks ago I started to get a lot of pain in my leg, my right one. I thought it might just be my varicose veins, or weather or tension from worrying about Neil. I never even considered that it might be something bad. Well, not much. I told the doctor. He ordered another bone scan and found the growth.
“I almost wish that I hadn’t felt so good. I let my hopes get the best of me.”
Ellen shook her head at Bett’s conclusion, “Hope’s about the only fuel we can travel on when we’re fighting something big. Don’t you dare chide yourself for being hopeful. Hope made those days even better.”
“I don’t know.”
“Of course you don’t. Not after the news you’ve gotten today. But, I do know. Hope helps and you’re going to need help. You’re going to need all the hope that you can muster. I want you to know that in my heart of hearts I know you’re going to be all right. I feel that very strongly.”
“I don’t, Ellen. I’m not sure I’ve got much left with which to fight.”
“You do, Koster. Believe me. You do.”
For the next two hours Ellen and Bett drank tea. Ellen did almost all of the talking. Most of her stories were about singing and dancing for the GIs in France and Italy during World War II. She used those stories because they were old stories—carefully crafted, oft-told—which freed her mind to think on Bett. She worried Bett might not make the strongest fight for her life. She had known many people who had had so much practice at success they had never had the opportunity to train for failure.



Chapter 18


Lise rang Dilly’s doorbell. No one answered. She rang several more times. No response. She could hear numerous sounds coming from inside the house. She tried the door. It was unlocked and she walked inside. The television was on in the family room, but there was no one watching it. Except a rabbit which, from its random, violent hopping, seemed to have been imbued with some of the same energy that motivated the Saturday morning cartoon characters flickering on the screen. From the back of the house came the sound of the dishwasher. As Lise approached the kitchen doorway she noted the point where the violent spray of water thrashing around inside its metal box overwhelmed the television’s noise. The kitchen was unoccupied. She theorized about the physics of a family expending energy without even being present. In the second’s lull as the dishwasher switched cycles, she heard a distant drone. She opened the scarred door and picked her way up the book and bottle and toy and shoe laden back stairs. The cataract roar of the dishwasher was overwhelmed by the high-pitched shriek of a vacuum sweeper. Lise imagined molecules dancing faster and faster in a heated retort. The sound deepened and hollowed as the metal sweeper head left a rug and was pushed across bare floor. Lise could see the head banged against the side of the door frame several times before being followed through the door by the silver wand and then by the ward of the wand, Jessie. Lise had to get right next to her niece and yell before Jessie noticed her.
“Hi, Jessie, how are you? Where is everybody?”
Jessica mouthed words which seemed to carry no sound. Lise cocked her ear in question. Jessie’s mouth moved again. Despite her concentrated effort to hear the sounds and see their shape as they formed upon Jessie’s mouth, Lise understood nothing. When Lise shrugged her shoulders, Jessie stood on tiptoe and shouted, “Czczchhyppnnggg.”
Lise pointed downstairs. Jessica raised her eyebrows, smiled a beatific smile and went back to work vacuuming up the radon and lead-laden dust and making sure she got all of the chips of paint and splinters she was banging loose from the baseboards and door frames.
As Lise walked back downstairs, she analyzed the sound Jessica had made. Changing the accents and substituting vowels, she was back in the room with the hyperactive rabbit before she decided that “shopping” was the most likely translation.
As she waited for Dilly, Lise experimented with the relationship between the audio and visual aspects of the television and the rabbit’s behavior. She raised and lowered the volume and changed the brightness and tint. The rabbit continued its frantic bouncing. After several minutes of experimentation she concluded that the rabbit’s manic hopping was independent of the specific output from the television. She thought that the rabbit’s apparently random expending of energy just might be an imitative behavior the rabbit had adopted to feel at home with the Koster-Phelps family. When she heard the roar of a car grow loud, then, louder, then, impossibly loud, then stop abruptly, she bent down to the now paralyzed rabbit and whispered, “God help you, little buddy.”
“Lise, Lise. you’re here. I knew it. I told the man.
“Roger, Roger, jail that rabbit.”
“Mom, Mom, it’s too cold downstairs.”
“Roger, that rabbit’s warmer down cellar than wrapped in a newspaper and buried in a shoebox.”
“Mom, Mom!”
“Roger! C’mon! Hurry up! Or he’ll be making bunny beans all over the floor.”
“I’ll hold him, Mom.”
“If you want, but it’s going to be a tight squeeze with both of you in that cage. Go.”
Lise watched Roger hop after the erratically bouncing rabbit.
“Here boy, here Uppy. C’mon boy. C’mon Uppy. Updike! Come here.”
“Been here long?”
“No, just got here.”
“I thought we had plenty of time, but I didn’t count on backing over a shopping cart and amputating my muffler.”
“I heard.”
“Someone must have already hit it ‘cause it had to be on its side otherwise I would’ve seen it. Perfect, huh? This old man was there. Had that eager volunteer spirit of the newly retired. You know? He wanted to do this and that. Did I have a screwdriver? He could go over there and get a thing and probably… And I’m saying, ‘Thank you. Thank you. You’re too kind’—which was the God’s truth—’Please, just give me my pipes. I have to go.’ He’s got the pieces and he’s kind of tentatively touching them together like the slow kids in day care do with Lincoln Logs. You know, you know?”
Dilly opened her eyes wide, cocked her head to one side, and sighting along the length of one arm slowly brought her two fists together.
Lise laughed. She was feeling better with the real Dilly than with the projection of her sister which she had been conjuring up during the three days since inviting herself out for a visit.
“What’d you do?”
“I said you, well not you specifically, but someone, a visitor, was arriving at my house and that I had to get home. He kept doing Playskool. Finally, I had to kind of tear the pipes out of his hands. ‘Please, give me my parts.’ God, if he wanted to be helpful he should’ve tried to restore the shopping cart back to three dimensions. The way I left it looked more like a folded wheel chair. Might have held a frozen pizza box sideways, but not much more. What a trip. On the way home, the noise was sooo bad I kept looking ahead to see if anyone I know, which is only about half the town, was coming my way. Three times I saw someone and had to throw it into neutral and coast by giving a little toot and a big smile and a big wave.
“Want coffee? Jessica, did you finish?”
Lise and Jessica both answered simultaneously—Jessica in the affirmative and Lise in the negative.
Dilly charged out of the family room.
“Well, keep going, honey. Here, Lise, it’s already made. In the kitchen.”
Lise decided not to protest. She hoped that, with Dilly’s health concerns, the coffee might be decaffeinated since she knew it wouldn’t be wise to fill up on caffeine at the beginning of a day with her sister.
“Where’s Bill?”
“Where else? Work.”
“Oh.”
“He’ll be home later.”
“How’s his work been?”
“Intense. As things get slower at the company, it gets busier for him.”
“How come?”
“One—he’s lost some people under him, so he’s had to take up some of their slack. Two—he’s jumpy that he could be next. He’s trying to work so hard they’ll think he’s indispensable.”
Trying to be positive, Lise asked, “Is there really a chance of him losing his job?”
“My God, Lise, come down from the tower! There are bodies everywhere. This town has been hit so hard. Half the people here work for computer or defense companies—high tech defense. You never saw so many Volvos, Saabs, and Camry’s parked in front of an unemployment office. PTO is very worried because the kids are picking up on the trouble at home—insecurity, fighting, increased drinking—and bringing their worries to school. Bill doesn’t know, but he feels anything could happen at any time. A month’s, maybe two’s, notice and some severance pay and bang, Uppy goes into the pot… And this whole damn war makes it worse. Everyone seems to be standing around holding off making any decisions until they know what’s going to happen over there.”
“Brad says that even if we win quickly, which he’s sure will happen, it’s going to be a couple of years before New England really starts to recover. He says Dukakis’ ‘Massachusetts Miracle’ was Oz-land.”
“Thanks, Lise, just what I needed to hear.”
“Dilly, it’s his opinion. It doesn’t mean he’s right.”
“Who knows. We’ve been talking about me looking for a job. That way, if Bill lost his job, there’d still be some money coming in.”
The bitterness of the sip of coffee Lise took made her wince.
“Like what?”
“Who knows. Day care. Teacher’s aide. It’d about have to be something with kids. It’s all I know anymore.”
“What about teaching? What about finishing your degree and getting certified? You’d be great.”
Lise decided to add the last sentence as partial payment for revealing Brad’s pessimistic thoughts.
“We’ve talked about that, too, but it’d take too long.
I’m not even sure if what I did back then would count. I know that I would have at least two semesters of work plus student teaching to finish up. That’s too long. We could be in trouble tomorrow.”
“What if you went part time? Got some kind of job and took some classes. In a couple of years, you’d be ready to go.”
“And who’d take care of this?”
Dilly moved her arm in front of her with a gesture so sweeping that it reminded Lise of the proud ranch owner in an old western.
“I don’t know, Dilly. Maybe Bill or the kids could do more, or maybe you could do less. You know, let some things go.”
“You’re going to make someone a great wife,” Dilly said as she pushed off from the counter against which she had been leaning and began unloading the dishwasher.
As Dilly bent over the washer, Lise dumped her coffee in the sink and rinsed out the cup.
“I think there’s more to marriage than cooking and cleaning.”
“You’re not married.”
Lise felt her muscles tighten up against the nearness of Dilly’s anger. Things were beginning to go the way she’d feared they would. She waited a second before asking, “Have you talked to Pete lately?”
“What about?”
Lise thought the sounds of the dishes being put back on their stacks in the cupboards were too loud. She considered helping, but decided it would make matters worse.
“I don’t know. The war, I guess.”
“Why?”
“I thought he was kind of, something, I don’t know, kind of quivery at Christmas. I think all of this is stirring up some old stuff for him. I’m not sure exactly what’s going on, but I think what’s going on in Iraq is some way re-arranging whatever went on in Viet Nam.”
“Lise, that’s twenty years ago. What’s the connection? That was jungle; this is sand. That was wrong; this is right. I don’t see the link.”
“Gaby called me.”
“Gaby. What’d she want?”
“She’s worried.”
“It’s a little late, isn’t it?”
“She said the boys thought Pete was being strange. I don’t know. Morose, maybe. Even quieter than usual, but not a quiet quiet. He has the TV on all the time. She was concerned enough that she went to see him.”
“Well, I’m sure that must have helped. Maybe he’s morose because his wife left him and took the kids.”
“You’re right. He’s never really gotten over that, but I think one of the reasons Gaby wanted out was because she felt he had brought too much of Viet Nam home with him. She told me once she always felt like she was fighting hard to draw his attention back from something that was riveting him, but that she couldn’t see. It was like some part of him had gotten stuck over there. Those summers I lived there it was creepy sometimes. There were days when he was there, and others when you couldn’t reach him.”
“So what was her new diagnosis?”
“She said he wouldn’t talk about it. Kept shrugging his shoulders and changing the subject.”
“Well, Lise, there are certain things that that’s all you can do. Shrug your shoulders and move on to something else.”
“I don’t know, Dilly. The situation might not be anything you can change, but it seems to me we’ve all got some control over our responses and our feelings. Like with Mom.”
“What about Mother?”
“The bone cancer. The tumor in her femur. That’s real. That can’t be changed. How she deals with it, that she has some control over.”
“I don’t even want to talk about it. I can’t believe it. She should sue.”
“Who? Why?”
“The doctors. They obviously missed something in September.”
“Not necessarily. Cancer isn’t a simple…”
Dilly slashed both her arms through the air as if she were walking through dense brush.
“Lise, Lise. Forget it. I don’t want to hear it.”
The kitchen grew so quiet Lise could hear the slight grinding sound of the stove’s clock. One of the reasons she had wanted to visit her sister was so they could talk about Bett. When her mother had told Lise that the doctors had found a tumor in her leg, it had hit her hard. That one datum had changed dramatically the probabilities of all the possible outcomes. The experiment was going badly.
At odd moments in the lab or running along the Charles River, a whoosh of emotion would blow through Lise scattering everything else inside her. She would be filled with an anticipatory anguish of her mother’s absence. It reminded her of walking in the hayloft of the old Woodmansee barn. The barn had not been used in years. A gray, silken-sided ladder led to the loft. The loft was filled with dark baked air. Heat and spider webs and dust from desiccated hay thickened the air and deadened the sound of light steps on weak old boards. The muffled creaks and slow giving of the ancient wood made each step a fear-filled adventure.
Reminding herself of her plan to be more the scientist than little sister in her visit, Lise remained silent. She watched Dilly. After several minutes of concentrated coffee drinking, of stirring, of testing an air-cooled spoonful, of inhaling a small sip after carefully blowing ripples across the cup’s mocha-colored surface, Dilly motioned with one hand, as if she were a conductor giving the downbeat.
“How are you and Brad doing?”
“Pretty good.”
It was Dilly’s turn to be patient. After a long silence Lise said, “Good. Real good.”
Dilly took another slow sip. Lise heard something thump at the far end of the house. She opened her eyes in question. Dilly shook her head to indicate the sound meant nothing important. She stared at Lise.
“Pretty good, I think.”
Lise felt an old, familiar surge of panic. When she was a little girl of five or six and Dilly was finishing high school, she would be caught by Dilly in some secluded section of the yard or in a quiet corner of the house and be subjected to a barrage of questions. Did you do this? Why? When? Don’t you know that’s wrong? Did you do that? No? Really, no? Then why are you looking like that? You did do it, didn’t you? Back then and, she told herself, again now, any silence on her part would just cause a more forceful attack. But any answer would only lead to more questions. She tried to transcend her swelling feeling of panic, and the old familiar generalized guilt, to remember why she had come.
“It’s so hard to tell. It seems as if things are going along well, but then something, or nothing, happens and I get doubts. How was it with you and Bill? How did you know things were working out?”
Dilly looked startled at the question.
“I just knew.”
“Yeah? See, I don’t trust that feeling anymore. I’ve had it too many times with too many people. Did you know what you wanted from someone?”
“Of course.”
“What?”
Lise thought Dilly had a look of confusion on her face, as if she had misplaced something or couldn’t find something in her purse .
“Hardworking, attractive, ambitious. Interested in being a father. Solid. Loving.”
“How’d you pick those attributes? How’d you know those were the things to value?”
“My God, Lise, I just knew. It’s just obvious.”
“Well, someway it’s not to me. Take a simple one. Take attractive. If a guy’s attractive, is he going to be vain? When he gets hurt is he going to use his easiest thing, his looks, to feel better? If he’s vain, is he going to need constant reassurances? Is he going to have a lot of problems when his looks begin to go? Is he going to have that thing that so many pretty women and rich men have—where they’re never quite sure why things happen? They wonder if it’s their looks or wealth that’s responsible, or did something happen because of what they did? Or, what about ambition? Does ambition mean that I’ll always be third?”
“Third?”
“After him. And after whatever it is he’s hungry for.”
“Ugly, lazy. This is your dream?”
“I don’t know. I think maybe I don’t know what to look for because I’m not sure what I want. You knew, right? You knew you wanted to be a mother? A full-time, focused mother?”
Dilly changed the tense to the present.
“Know. I know what I want.
Lise scanned around the room and then shifted her eyes toward the stairway from where a parade of muffled sounds came. She spread her arms in a motion that reminded herself of the one that Dilly had made earlier.
“This is what you want. I get that, but I don’t know if this is what I want. Some days I do. I imagine this and can’t imagine anything nicer. Other days, I don’t. I think about being a mother and I feel a hand tighten around my throat. I’m so selfish. I’m the baby, right? Spoiled. I doubt how much I can give. I look at you. You’ve given a lot.”
Dilly felt a rusty-tasting bitterness form along the base of her back teeth. When the children were little the days, though never-ending, were too short and the nights were never long enough. There was never enough time for anything—not mothering, nor laundry, nor love, nor sleep. She had given, and given, and given. She had given past exhaustion and, in some miracle of motherhood, she had gotten back much more than she had ever given. On that unceasing diet of too much work and too little sleep she had grown full. Then, the kids had gone to school and the days had become too long and, with the problems with Bill, the nights had become too long, too. She had given less but only because no one would take more. And, the less and less she could give, the more empty she felt.
For the briefest moment Dilly wanted to tell Lise how empty she felt.
“Everything’s not perfect.”
The scientist in Lise exulted at the first evidence that supported her theory, but the youngest sister in her responded by glossing over Dilly’s revelation. The youngest sister was afraid to hear what her older sister might begin to tell her.
“Nothing ever is, right? I guess that’s why I’m not sure with Brad. He’s bright; he’s sweet; he’s fun; he’s interesting; and interested. But… I have my doubts. I’m a little Hamletta. Remember that? Remember when Dad would call me that when I couldn’t decide what kind of ice cream I wanted and would ask for three or four kinds?”
“Not really. I may have been gone by then.”
“No, I don’t think so, maybe it just meant more to me.”
“Could be.”
For the rest of the day Dilly and Lise came close to talking about several things that were important to each, but each time their behavior got close to their intentions, their roles and rules from the past—big sister and little sister, teacher and student, captain and private, warden and prisoner—stymied them. Those old connections were too strong to be broken and too defined to allow them to reach across their sibling history to one another.
Lise left after helping Dilly make dinner, but before Bill came home. She feigned a headache and, after hugs and kisses all around, put herself into the calm of her car. On the drive home and, later, sitting in the kitchen eating her own thirty second exercise in meal making, Lise pondered what she’d hoped to learn of Dilly’s life. She reviewed the hopes she’d had for establishing a new relationship with Dilly, a friendship founded on family but one that disregarded the long-held, but to her now meaningless, distinctions between their ages.
Theory drives science. That was the basic rule. It was often breached, but it still was the first tenet. Think of how a relationship might be. A does this to B, but only in the presence of C. Think first, then, do. Put ten or one hundred or one thousand things over here and do this to them; put some more over there and don’t do that to them. Think first. Think about how you expect things to happen. Think first, then, test. Then watch very closely to see what the results are.
Science was simple to think about, but hard to do. Very bright minds and very hard work led mostly to terrible theories. If the theory was good—parsimonious, predictive—the experimentation was bad, or, worse, undoable. If the experiment could be done, then there were bound to be measurement problems…
And once a person stepped out of the controlled chaos of a lab into the uncontrolled chaos of the natural world, things got harder and harder but curiouser and curiouser.
Lise sat at her kitchen table making Anasazi-like pictographs with aerosol cheese on saltines. She represented Dilly with a question mark enclosed in a pickle shape which was contained inside a heart. Bill’s cracker was divided by a diagonal. In the upper half was a dollar sign; the lower half held an eye with a line through it. Kate’s cracker had a sunburst. For Roger’s she drew a stick of dynamite. Jessica was represented by a purse crossed by a baseball bat. As she absent-mindedly stuck the nozzle of the can of ersatz cheese into her mouth, Lise arranged and re-arranged the crackers like a spread of solitaire. She had invited herself to visit her sister’s family. One of her motivations had been to relieve the guilt Peter had given to her on Christmas Day. A more important reason for going was to collect data on the state of Dilly and Bill’s marriage. There had been something about Bill’s challenge of Dilly over Kate’s spilled eggnog which she had not been able to get out of her thoughts since Christmas.
Lise had wakened early that morning with a sense of unease. She had toyed with calling Dilly and cancelling because of a lab or health or menstrual problem. She had asked Brad if she looked peaked. He had swollen himself to his full size, pointed his finger at the door, and in his lowest voice he had said, “Go, get thee hence. In shame.”
After Brad’s encouragement had propelled her to the car, Lise had been fine until she had crossed the line into Dilly’s town. As she had gotten closer to the house, her car had gone slower and slower as her memories had raced faster. She and Dilly had never been soul-mates. Her earliest memories of Dilly were of being told what to do. Their foundation as siblings had been Dilly giving orders and Lise obeying them. As they had grown older their relation had changed in degree but not in kind. As she had sat in her parked car two blocks from Dilly’s home, Lise had made up a list of things she thought Dilly would tell her to do during their day together.
Lise placed Bill’s cracker next to Dilly’s and shot a caulk bead of orange around the outer edge of both crackers. She looked at the symbols joined inside the orange frame. The juxtaposition looked strange. Brought in close proximity to Dilly, Lise had felt strange. It was not easy to feel a blood closeness to her sister. Lise considered calling Pete, but she knew he would be working. She wanted to call her mother, but her mother had plenty of her own worries and didn’t need more.
Lise laid out a line of crackers and shot cheese on them. She looked down at the message she had sent herself. ????!!!! She wished Brad were there even though it was Brad whom she wanted to talk about. When the can of cheese gave out its death rattle, Lise ran for her coat and sterility of the lab.



Chapter 19


Neil didn’t know whether he felt worse for himself or about himself. Less than twelve hours before, Kenyon had told him that he was being investigated. Neil’s moving his money out of the bank had not gone unnoticed.
So many entities had been formed to investigate the causes of the Rhode Island banking crisis that Neil wasn’t even clear which commission was looking at his transactions. There was a special fact-finding group reporting to the governor. The federal attorney’s office, as well as at least one state grand jury, was looking for indictments. The General Assembly was making its own investigation. And, as could be expected, the newspaper was on a witch-hunt.
The moment after he had made his decision to remove money from South Coastal Neil had felt disloyal, but there had been no question in his mind whether what he was doing was legal. It was only in the aftermath, as the discussion of insiders using restricted information to protect themselves ensued, that he began to have doubts. He wasn’t sure that when the press or one of the many arms of the octopus of the law got to him they would understand the innocence of his actions. He had listened to Brad, read newspaper accounts, considered Bett’s health and made his decision.
Ever since mid-afternoon, when Kenyon had told him of the questions he was being asked about Neil’s accounts, Neil had been fighting off rounds of nausea and anger. He knew he was going to be pilloried; he could feel it. He kept telling himself he had done nothing wrong, but he found he was having a harder time believing it.
It was just. He should be pilloried. He was despicable. He wished there was a way that he himself could be the punisher. Do it. Get it over with. Be done with it…if it would ever be done. He tried to turn a rage onto his smallness, but, instead, he began to weep. He feared his choked-off sobs would awaken Bett. He eased himself from the warmth of the covers into the cold. The darkness of the room was given a silvery gloss by his tears. His feet, scuffling along the edge of the bed like dogs snuffling for a lost bone, finally found his slippers. There was a sharp scraping sound as a foot tried to orient the slipper. Managing to get both slippers on his feet, he stealthily shuffled the short distance between bed and closet door. He found his robe, but waited until he was out in the hall before wrapping himself in the warmth of the thick camel hair. The cold air, which had settled in the black tunnel of the hall, brushed against his ankles like wet weeds. He thought to wait out his tears in the bathroom. It would be warm, but in there it could only be pitch black or too bright. Leaning heavily on the banister to keep the stair treads from creaking, he slowly made his way downstairs.
During the two hours that he had lain in bed listening to Bett’s raspy breathing and avoiding her twitching sleep, Neil’s every joint, nerve and muscle had felt over-stimulated. Yet, now, making his way down the steps, he felt exhausted. He considered turning around and going back to bed, but he feared that if he did his feverish thoughts would return.
After walking through the cinereous shadows of the living room, Neil squinted his eyes nearly shut before turning on a table lamp just inside the den. The low-wattage bulb cleared a space in the thick night just large enough for him to be able to sit and think. He got the ceramic heater from the closet, plugged it in, and pointed it toward his chair. As his refuge was warming, he went to the dining room for a glass and the bottle of brandy from the walnut server. Back in the den the warmth of the heater felt good upon his ankles and the warmth of the brandy, expanding from his throat down and into his stomach as if it were some strange upside down hot air balloon, felt better.
To have and to hold. In sickness and in health. In sickness. He felt tears well up again. They had begun their life together as smooth-skinned youths. As children had come, as gravity had done its work, as the sun had embossed their living leather, as work and play had taken their mite by precious mite toll, he thought he had learned the meaning of the few words he had spoken to Bett in front of an audience of friends and family and some ill-defined God. There had been times—during pregnancies, later times after her never-thin body had thickened, times of early morning when he had looked at her in sleep with a prune’s wrinkles of skin pushed up around her eyes—when he had felt a moment’s loathing for the aging of his wife. He had taught himself to replace those feelings with a sense of well-being and gratitude that each of them was using up the capital of his life in the presence and service of the other. He had taught himself that wrinkles weren’t failings. They were the signposts of their life’s sharing—badges, emblems, symbols, the trail blazes of their marriage. And although there had been the same transitory moments of repugnance when Bett had come home from the hospital, her breast gone and her skin scarred and, later, other quick, unbidden moments of abhorrence they had been just that, moments.
Now, those moments were gone. In the last days those moments had grown and twisted until they were as infiltrative as the cancer itself. Those brief moments of weakness had been transmuted into hours and, then, days of repugnance and, added to those days of horror at what was occurring to Bett, was an equal time of self-revulsion for a betrayal of his vows echoing down from forty years before. He dreaded going to bed with Bett and it. It was a leg that held a bone that was maggoty with a too-virile life. Each night his stomach revolted against the thought that he and Bett must share their bed with that corrupt limb. Even as he brushed his teeth and dressed in his pajamas, Neil would tense himself against the touch of that diseased leg against his own. He despised himself for his disgust of that estranged stick of now foreign flesh.
Other than for a slight reddening, the slightest swelling and a small patch of flaking skin—all side effects familiar to him from her earlier radiation—her cancerous leg, the right one, looked exactly like the left. Flaccid flesh and mottled skin, mosaiced by varicose veins, it was the same aged leg that had been a part of Bett for many years. It was the same solid structure that had walked children from cries to coos, that had crawled along the narrow paths of decades of gardens, that had canted out under an outthrust hip at the end of a mamba. He had told himself over and over again that it was the same familiar leg. He rebuked himself for thinking it was something separate from Bett herself. It wasn’t some strange third party alienator of his affection. It was Bett. It was Bett. He had repeated his incantations over and over again, but the black magic of the cancer was stronger than what he could conjure up. In the end, it had won. Despite his best efforts, it sickened him to have that leg in bed next to his own. After almost an hour of sitting within the small sphere of warmth and calming noise from the heater, Neil was suffused with the apathy of the half-drunk and too-tired. The waves of spousal repulsion and self-revulsion had ebbed to a distant shore.
Being overly careful to make no noise, Neil put away the heater and turned out the light. Holding as tightly to his small island of alcohol-created unconcern as he did to the banister, he climbed the stairs. Back in bed, he insinuated his fingers under the sleep-formed shield of Bett’s hand to trace the welt of tissue across her chest. He rubbed his leg against her flannel-covered thigh. He prayed a slurred prayer that his moment of grace would last long enough to fall asleep.
As Neil slowly tried to drift along a dark comfort he imagined being free from all that he had been feeling; however, instead, his thoughts conjured an image of himself, in bed, at night, using cat’s eyes, to stare across the pitch black room to a stump of flesh-toned plastic and diamond bright surgical steel screws.
To have. But less to hold. To have. To be held. In love? Or contempt?
As night slid toward morning Bett and Neil both stirred, twisted, turned, sighed and moaned with the plaints of cows in a small stall.



Chapter 20


Bett knew that if the mood she had been in did not lift soon the pressure would squeeze her into hard black stone. The feelings had already gone on so long that it was an increasingly rare moment that she even thought to separate herself from what she felt.
The thin gray light of late winter lacked the strength to make its way much past the drawn lace curtains in Nita’s old room. In the midday twilight it was hard to distinguish between the loose folds of Bett’s jowls and wattles and the rumpled mounds of covers she had drawn tight around her sagging flesh. The narrow bed and the small stand next to it were filled with a sick person’s things—a box of tissues, pill vials, tablet, pens, an uneaten breakfast, unread books, unopened magazines, nearly full glasses of juice and water and soda. The ringer switch on the telephone had been turned to off. The air in the room was clean and cold from the half-open window.
Bett stirred and a smell, not unlike that of grated cheese, drifted out from under the covers. She would have to bathe, but later. She removed a flannel-swathed arm from the bedding’s oven. She rubbed her hand on her itching scalp. She couldn’t tell whether it was the skin of her palm or that of her bald head that was sticky from old sweat.
Before he left for work, Neil had offered to sponge bathe her scalp and face and neck and hands, but Bett had told him to leave her alone. She would do it if and when she was ready.
She spoke aloud the words she had said to him that morning. It was almost as satisfying to hear them a second time as it had been the first. There was something almost sensual in pushing him away. Each time she ventured down the unfamiliar path of cruelty, Bett’s nerve endings tingled at the enormity of what she was doing. Somehow, it was exhilarating to strike out at her husband, her mate, her pash of forty years. He would try to bring light and love into the small darkness that she had made of Nita’s old room and she would repel those efforts. He would come with flowers and she would immediately banish them. Their perfume made her sick. He would come with books. She was ever so sorry but they bored her. He would try to close the windows afraid that she might catch cold and she would forbid him to touch it. Cold was the only healthy thing around her. He came with foods to entice her appetite and she would cackle at his stupidity. Couldn’t he see. How long would it take him to realize that she couldn’t eat. He came in one evening with an end table. What was he doing? He was going to bring a TV in for her. She didn’t want a television. The stories were insipid. The commercials irritating. She had her own insipid irritating life to live out.
Those were glorious moments. She said the sharpest things and then waited, poised in a kind of pre-orgasmic tension, poised knowing that just one more flick would cause an avalanche of feeling to crash between them. She came to believe that anger might be the strongest emotion left to them. His love was garbled with pity and fear. Hers was intertwined with resentment and envy. Anger was something hot enough to burn out any conflicting properties. If nothing else, anger was pure. During most of the days in the last horrid weeks she had savored its untainted heat. She had felt its engrossing warmth spread throughout all the crevices and crannies of her mind until there was not an image nor a memory not infused with its distracting glow. She would stoke her anger until it overflowed its crucible and spilled down her throat and ran red throughout her body. Using unintended slights and unacknowledged and misinterpreted whims as bits of coal, and pain and fear as the bellows, Bett had spent her hours heating hurts until their glow suffused and finally transcended the heat of her disease.
Unlike fire, anger did not burn itself out. Instead, it fed upon itself. A miracle force, anger could raise the hottest flame from the smallest kindling. Bett admired the vitality of her rage. It wasn’t sick. It wasn’t weak. It was so strong it made her pulse race and her skin itch. Its energy would fill her and she would want to flare out at all around her. One morning, a week before, in exquisite experimentation, she had risen from her bed and had permitted the anger to flow down her arms and out through the cracks of her fisted hands.
Books and Kleenex boxes, vials and glasses had gone flying. What a fearsome joy.
Sweet, silent simpering Neil. Weak. Spineless. Sliding down the softest roads. Smiling to all. Kind and caring in a dithery absent-minded way. Colloidal kindness, like a bivalve, able to shape itself to any situation. Except maybe now. Always patting. Backs and arms and children’s head. If asked, would he even know what head was underneath his patting palm? Her patient, plodding pash and pal. Neil. Slow smiling, slow talking, slow moving. Oxen walk. Imperturable. Until now. Until life moved faster than his bovine pace. Until disease outraced his measured tread. Until kindness turned to care and then concern and, now, consternation. Until fear and disgust hobbled his moves. Until it was impossible for him ever to catch up to where she was going. She was flying along, compelled by her disease, impelled by anger and with each moment poor, plodding Neil was left further behind.
What was the matter with him? Why, after forty years, didn’t he know when to steady her and when to move away? Why couldn’t he understand? Where did all of this new stupidity come from? Why couldn’t he figure out how to do something? Whatever it was that she needed. She was the sick one. Why couldn’t he make the right decision for once? Why couldn’t he keep up with where she was being compelled to go? Each day his actions, his demonstrations of concern, his love and kindnesses were less appropriate to where she was. She was accelerating out of any life she had ever known and he clop clopped along like an old field horse.
Disease was running rampant in her. It pushed time. The cancer’s speed accelerated her own time. She closed her eyes to allow a spasm of nausea to pass and when she opened them a morning was gone. She moved a hand up over her brow to explore the febrile corrugations where once hair had been and half the afternoon would disappear. During the quickest catnap, an afternoon would age to evening. A bite or two of cooled food, a sip of tepid water, intermittent swallows of the brightly colored orts of medication, a page read, a slow walk to the bathroom, one corner of a crossword puzzle filled, a desultory conversation whispered back and forth with a healthy husband and a day was gone.
Gone.
Lost.
Torn from her.
It was amazing how fast time fled. It rushed past roaring like a waterfall. Swept through her darkened room. Churned up her life. Cascaded through her memories. Poured and powered its way through her days. Her days…just her days. Not always the nights. Some nights, many nights, she had measured time’s indolent passing by the irregular sound of bubbles breaking free from the side of a glass of warming ginger-ale and bursting to the surface. Many nights time was slower and anger was harder. Night seemed to be made of viscid time—thick and slow, the perfect medium for regret and remorse. At night, utter blackness covered enough of the details of her life that Bett could see what remained more clearly. She could see the self-pity that she was molding, like sand castles, into a whimsical shape about her. She could reach her hands out into the night and feel its cool, smooth, slippery clay. Patting, shaping, kneading, pinching, she was entombing herself in a vessel of her own fine making. She was building something to hold her remains. Living remains. Pity and anger were the barriers. Not time.
The soda’s silence would signal the approach of day. As night lightened, as the architecture of the sick returned, as the druid’s circle of pill vials emerged on the bedside table, as the monoliths of books and the clear columns of brackish fluids rose out of the night, as her life of sickness was reconstructed by a dawning sun, she would go blind again in rage. Time would fly again. In a twist of covers and a blink of pain another day of her life would be taken from her.
Bett settled herself under the mess of covers. She reached out to the nightstand for something. Her hand wandered and finally her eyes turned to look, but she could find nothing to free her from her feelings.
The phone was off. Let him call. Let him worry. A nap filled with feverish dreams and he would be home. A groaning weight upon the stairs. A well-signaled anticipation. That smile would precede that look. Neither would be forthright. She disgusted him. He knew she knew it. False smiling, he would fear her fury. How was her day and was there anything he could do for her? Was there anything that she thought she might be hungry for? Was today’s discomfort any better than yesterday’s? Had she gotten any rest? A litany of questions that were meant as declarations. Of his love and concern and goodness. Why couldn’t he just ask what he really wanted to know? Are you closer to death? Is it coming? How long before it’s here? How long must I pretend? How long before I can return to my life? Bett was sure that if she were to look into his face that that would be what she would read. She would read the same questions there that she constantly asked herself. How long? How long? How long? How long?
How long. How long.
How?
Too longgggggg.

* * *

Ellen’s only surprise upon entering Bett’s room was at how cold it was. She had guessed it would be hot and airless. She stood looking through the gloom to the shapeless, sleeping, susurrating mound on the bed. She walked across the room and pulled the cord on the curtains.
Weak northern light eddied into the room. Amorphous forms gained corners and colors, but the light was too weak to waken Bett. Ellen left the room. When she returned she was carrying a tray filled to a delicate balance with teapot, cups and saucers, milk, lemon, ginger, sugars, honey, butter, two jam jars, plates, and a plate of toast points. After setting the tray down on the scarred top of an old red paint blanket chest, she stood over Bett staring at the baldness and the furrows and troughs of her face.
Before leaning over to rub Bett’s brow, Ellen whispered to herself, “Break a leg, kiddo.”
“Hello, my dear, sorry to wake you, but, if we’re to have tea, we need a hostess. ‘The sad and solemn Night hath yet her multitude of cheerful fires; The glorious host of light.’ Bryant. Of course, it’s not light, but rather a light tea, I’ve just made toast, that we would have you be host of. And, of course, it’s not a heavenly host that we be seeking, but rather an earthly, even earthy, one. And if it’s not too forward of me, a quick look around this room suggests that we do have that. I wish I had a better quote, but it’s the only one I can think of that uses host. Or, hostess, for that matter. Arise, my sweet, and eat my crumbs.”
Bett’s hands emerged from under the covers. She grasped the satin blanket tape as if it were a bar which she would use to pull herself from sleep. Her eyes slowly opened. Her mouth unlocked, then, closed as if she had forgotten what she meant to say.
Ellen’s small hands, as bony and blue as pullets’ wings, grasped Bett’s hands.
“A bit disoriented are we? That’s fine. That’s commendable. It used to be such a feminine thing to be. My dear, I’ve come to rob you. I cased the joint, thought you might be feeling peckish, and I just waltzed through the door. You must lock your locks if you wish to avoid me. Which, I suspect, you may have been, are now, or surely soon will be wishing. Well, I’ve broken and entered and now will rob you of your sleep and, perhaps, a certain kind of consciousness.
“Now, although you are the hostess in principle, I shall be the hostess in fact. I know everything may sound terrible so I brought a choice. Do you care for lemon, sugar, honey, crystallized ginger or castor sugar with your tea?”
Bett shook her head back and forth against her pillow.
“Wincing is fine. It’s all terrible, I know. Just tell me which is least terrible.”
After waiting through a half-minute of silence, Ellen turned to the tea tray.
“Choice overwhelms. I’ll just make you a small cup. With lemon and ginger. I’ve made toast from some bread I baked. Nothing like kneading to firm the underarms and raise the bosom. Sweet memory that it is. No butter, unless you beg. There’s cherry rhubarb jam or my own lemon curd.”
When Ellen turned back around with a cup of tea in her hand she found that Bett had lifted herself into a half-sitting position. Bett’s face was turned toward the open curtains.
“Winter’s poor, pale orb.
“Please drink, my dear. This room’s so cold it will cool in no time.”
Bett took the cup and saucer from Ellen’s hands. She rested it on the ridge of covers that crossed her lap.
“Thank you.”
Ellen curtsied.
“You’re welcome, mum.”
Bett set the cup back down after having just touched the rim to her lips.
Ellen nodded, “Brass tack time, my dear. You feel terrible. I could be polite and concerned and ask you how you feel, as if I were some damned ninny who had failed to notice the decor.”
Ellen’s airy wave took in the pill containers on the bed table.
“I could ask you with heartfelt concern how you are, but I’m sure you’ve been asked so often that my sympathy would only anger you. You feel terrible. You look terrible. You want to act terrible. It’s all very understandable.
“Try the toast, dear. It’s made with…”
“Stop! I don’t want toast and I don’t want tea. I want to be left alone.”
Bett was pleased at the strength anger gave her voice. She looked to see what response would shade Ellen’s face.
“Yes, I know, my dear. That’s why I’m here.”
“You know what?”
“That you want to be left alone.”
“Then, why are you here?”
“Sheer spite, my dear.”
Ellen came close to the bed and set a plate of toast onto Bett’s lap.
“Pure pleasure, my dear. I’ve told you before that I’m quite defiant. Hurt and helplessness bring out caring in most people. I see helplessness and I want to get close and rap it with a stick. Partly, just to be sure that it’s helpless. Mostly, because if it is helpless, it can’t do anything back to me. As I’ve grown older and weaker in so many ways, I’ve found it to be quite a treat to find a victim I needn’t fear.”
Despite her intention to remain silent, Bett said, “You can’t mean that.”
“Can’t I?”
Ellen fierce bright eyes looked directly into Bett’s eyes until Bett was forced to break off from her gaze.
“Just why couldn’t I mean that? Because it’s not becoming, or not Christian, or not in character? But what is character? Can circumstances outweigh character? Has your character changed recently or has it been overwhelmed by circumstances? Is it cancer or character that’s dictating your behavior?”
Ellen pulled a honey-colored comb-back Windsor chair next to Bett’s bed. As she moved the chair and then her cup and saucer, she continued to talk.
“When we were thrown together in the hospital the thing that most drew me to you was your character. It helped to see me through and I was sure that it would do the same for you. The last time we met, when you came to my house after Christmas, I began to have my doubts. There seemed to be some cracking at the edges. From our phone calls—the ones we’ve had and, especially lately, the ones we haven’t had—I became worried.
“My dear, I know people—my sister-in-law, for example—who go to pieces when two loads of laundry stack up. I know so many people who become overwhelmed by a faulty car, an unruly child, a delayed doctor’s appointment. You are not like that and, from what you’ve told me of your past, never were. Your parents died when you were young and that was a tragedy, but it seemed to have toughened you up without making you tough. Life on lie’s terms. Until now. I think you’re overwhelmed and, what makes it worse, you’re even more overwhelmed by the idea of being overwhelmed. It’s not enough that your body has betrayed you and allowed some cells to grow willy-nilly. What’s worse is that in the moment when you need it most, your character, by being overwhelmed, has betrayed you, too. In a way, I’m not too surprised. You’ve had damn little practice at being overwhelmed since that early tragedy. For someone of your years, you’re singularly ill-prepared for setbacks.”
As soon as it became obvious that Ellen had finished speaking, Bett became interested in her tea and toast.
Two minutes and then a third crept by.
Finally, in a voice so low and flat it didn’t seem possible that it was hers, Bett heard herself say, “Please, just leave me alone.”
Ellen looked at Bett, gave a slow nod, gathered up the dishes and loaded them on the tray. Standing in the doorway holding the tray in her taloned grip she said, “Should it become important again, my dear, remember that I am your friend. A friend who is not overwhelmed by the changes taking place in you. Not the cancer, nor the baldness. Not the anger, nor the meanness. You have my love, my dear.”

* * *

After a sleep filled with chopped and churned dreams, Bett woke to a darkened room. She was sure Neil was not home yet. As she sat in the dark with her eyes flitting around the room looking for something new, Bett resolved that when he came to her she would set her anger aside and treat him with love and respect. However, as soon as her decision was made her resolve was tested by a million ugly thoughts buzzing around and biting at her like the worst of June’s deerflies.
When Neil came up to ask her about her day and what she wanted for dinner, Bett told him that the thing she most desired, and that no one seemed capable of giving, was to be left alone. He apologized and left.
By nine o’clock it felt as lonely as three in the morning. Bett got up and wrestled herself into her robe, then changed her mind and climbed back in bed.
Change took too much energy. Her time was fleeing too fast for regrets or repairs.



Chapter 21


“Are we racing?”
“What?”
“Just that. Are we racing?”
Peter gave Raoul a puzzled look.
“Petey Sweetie, you’ve had five. About twice your limit, I’d say. And I’m on my fourth.”
The maitre d’ tipped his glass to his mouth and held it there until there was nothing left but ice.
“What a night. Just where did all those people come from?”
“I don’t know.”
“Well, I don’t know that we made bosomy buddies of all of them. I can’t remember a worse night. What was going on in there?”
Raoul nodded toward the double swinging doors which separated the dining room from the kitchen.
“I was off.”
“Off like Marat Sade and Jeffrey Dahmer? It was like the Random Restaurant out here. Steak rare? Bier sur. And lazy lobster shows up. An hour later. Chicken Provencal? Toute suite, monsieur. Except when it finally comes it’s painted in veloute’ sauce. Tomatoes and onions gone to Lalaland. If I’d been smarter I would have put the plates on the sideboard and just let everyone file up and take a look. Like luggage at the airport. Or a dim sum or dessert cart. Or a tea dance or midnight meat walk at Town Hall. Which is where I should be right now. Looking for my Isolde. Or I could have put on cake walk music and let Euterpe decide who eats what. Speaking of which. What—and don’t lie, I know it’s what and not who—has been eating you? Is all this confusion mama?”
Peter shrugged his shoulders as he raised his glass toward his lips.
“Look, Angel Eyes, not tonight, not with me. No shrugs. Have a coma, I don’t care. On the beach—fine. At home—such as it is—fine. I really don’t care. But not in the kitchen. When the coma comes to the kitchen, I care. ‘Cause I get the problem. You’ve been bad all week. I don’t know how many rare-ordered, medium-delivered steaks I’ve tried to explain away by the color tones in the lighting. Even the interior decorators doubt me. Bad all week; terrible tonight. Something’s wrong. Although I’ve been in on more than my share of launches, I’m still not a rocket scientist, but it seems, a’moi, that there just might be the teeniest and tiniest of links connecting the chaos we had out here tonight and the trouble that’s been going on in mama’s world. How is she?”
“Okay.”
“Okay? How delightfully splendid.”
Raoul got up and wandered around the dining room putting salt and pepper cellars on a tray for refilling. As he walked he talked quietly in a sing-song voice, “Okay? Okay. OKAY. Has a nice medical ring to it. What were the results of the laparosplenectomy? Okay. And the craniectomy? Okay. And the radical prostatectomy? Okay. Oh, no. Just okay? C’est dommage. We were hoping for at least an okey-dokey.”
Raoul changed the pitch of his voice.
“We’re outside Walter Reed Army Hospital. Doctor, what is the President’s condition? Okay. Okay? Why, that’s splendid news for America. We have experts standing by to explain the prognosis. Back to you, Dan.
“Okay. His mother’s okay. She has cancer, but she’s okay. She’s okay, so he’s okay. She’s so okay that he couldn’t get an order for ‘three with onion’ out of a hot dog stand. But that’s okay. After all, it’s only our livelihood.
“Okay. Okay, already. Enough. Leave it alone. It’s his life. If he wants to keep it bottled up, it’s his right. Put it in a container of nice chef-checked pants and a nice white shirt. Pull that ravishing toque down tight. Bottle it up and cork it with a toque. Or torque it with… Be nice. Be nice. It’s okay.
“Everything’s okay. Oh, yes, we had the teeniest tiniest of wars. Two million folks playing hide and seek in the sand. One hundred thousand dead in the trenches. Hey, howzabout that war? Okay. Howzabout that collateral damage? Okay. Correctimundo. That’s the answer we like to hear. Howzabout those dysenteric babies? Okay. Howzabout those starving Kurds? Okay. Okay. Okay.”
Raoul set the tray down by the kitchen entrance. He retraced his steps until he was standing directly behind Peter. In a monotonic whisper, he continued, “Okay, okay already. Whatever happens, it’s okay. There’s something inside your mother that’s eaten her breast. And, although you haven’t said so, I’m guessing it’s eaten her leg, too. Did it, Peter? Did she have the fucking amputation? A leg just bitten off and that’s okay? Little mustached guys in dirty clothes vaporized in sand and that’s okay? Everything’s okay. Always was and always will be. Gaby trotting out the door, wedding picture in hand. That was okay. Boys seen week-to-week like some television program. It’s Sunday afternoon. The Kosters are on. And that, of course, is okay.”
Raoul put his hands on Peter’s shoulders. He bent over until his lips almost touched Peter’s ear.
“Petey, sweetie, honey, dear. It’s not okay. Death and destruction are not okay. Loneliness and loss are not okay. Pain and suffering are not okay. Hurt and fear and disease and dismemberment, whether the member is limb or loved one, are not okay. I’ve had thirty-one friends die is six years. I don’t even want to think how many more are sick. Of all those deaths, not one has been okay. Each one’s going has been exceedingly not okay. They want to be here. They cling. To everything around them. To their families. Even those that never knew or refused to hear. To their friends. To me. Death pulls. They cling. And those remaining, me, I, get shredded. I get torn and twisted by the sharpness of their desire to stay here. To be alive. To be healthy. That hurts. But, you know, what hurts as much…no, what hurts more, is you. Watching you. With your desperate calm. Your suicidal acceptance. Life crashes all around your head and you, stoically, sit there like some idiot savant scholar conjugating verbs as the parade passes. ‘He goes, she goes, they go.’ They all go and that is just okay.”
Peter’s shoulders rose up in protest against the pressure of Raoul’s fingers digging deeper into their flesh. His ear tried to pull away from the viper’s hissing whisper.
“I’ve watched you for almost fifteen years. I’ve seen such sweetness and goodness that it used to shame me. But, lately, the more I’ve watched the more I’ve wondered how much of that goodness is choice and how much is just rote and ritual. Are you good because that’s all you know, or because you’re afraid to be otherwise, or are you good by choice? The more I’ve watched the more I’ve come to guess that your goodness is unreasoned. Whatever happens, be good, be calm. Just float. Accept. Stay on the surface. Go with the flow. Let it take you. And on and on and on.
“Oh, Peter. The flow can take us terrible places. I think you’re drowning. I think you’re weak and tired. Exhausted from your frantically calm floating. Worn out from habitual goodness. Petey, sweetie, we can only float when we’re free. You’re not. You’re burdened. God only knows with what kinds of weights.”
Raoul put his hand on Peter’s cheek and pushed his head until Peter’s ear touched his lips. His whisper was barely audible to himself.
“You can’t float with the weight of the world on your chest. Things are not okay. They are horrible. Let them go before you drown. Let go.”
Peter pulled Raoul’s hand from his face. He sat completely still for a moment gathering his strength. The moment didn’t work. When he rose, he lurched. He grabbed the edge of the table for balance.
“Petey, sweetie, you are blotto. All my words wasted. Here, let me help.”
Raoul stepped from behind Peter’s chair to offer his boss his hand.
Peter turned and flailed before capturing Raoul in a clumsy bear-hug. He tucked his face into the curve of Raoul’s shoulder.
“Well, they say one ligature’s worth a thousand words.”
After the strength drained from Peter’s hug, Raoul collected the money bag and put it and Peter in his car. He deposited the receipts at the bank and Peter to his living room couch before driving slowly, safely home.



Chapter 22


Even as her mother’s disease had progressed, Dilly had not changed Bett’s Life Expectancy. Not the surgery, not the radiation, not the chemotherapy, nor the discussion of bone marrow transplants, nor the recent mention of amputation of Bett’s leg had made Dilly feel as if her mother’s L.E. should be lowered.
Until this morning it had been impossible for Dilly to project any end to her mother’s life other than that of a quiet falling to sleep sometime when Bett was ninety or more. When the occasional thought had come to her of how irrational it was constantly to adjust others’ life spans and yet keep her mother’s the same, Dilly had simply waved them away. She didn’t care whether her thoughts seemed irrational, she knew she was right. Her mother would live a long life. It was as simple as that.
In her thinking Dilly always skipped over the small selfish link which made it important that her mother’s life be long. She was her mother’s daughter. Of the four children, she was sure she most resembled Bett in body, genetic code, spirit and mind. In Dilly’s unacknowledged thinking, if her mother were to live a long life, she, Dilly, would be assured of many more years. She was like a small child hiding behind her mother’s skirt. Her mother would go first. It would not be for a long time. After another very long time she would follow. She was safe.
Dilly’s deep faith in her own longevity had been shattered that morning. In response to the breaking of that faith, she had left her children before they were ready for school, had left her husband without breakfast, had left the house in a turmoil to stagger through the quiet aisles of a convenience store grabbing at sugar wafers and bags of Mars candies. She had driven to the thinly graveled parking lot of Lerkun’s Pond where she now sat behind the steering wheel crying, eating cookies and candy, and watching the too tame ducks competing for the orange-hued cheese doodles spilling from the large-knuckled hands of an old man slowly walking along the gray froth-rimed edge of the pond. Dilly was eating and wondering what the ducks would eat if no one came. Did they even remember how to forage for themselves?
A few minutes after the old man left, Dilly got out of the car and walked to the water’s edge. As soon as they saw that she was carrying a bag, the flotilla of teal-headed drakes and russet-colored ducks altered course toward her. As they maneuvered closer and waited for whatever bounty was to come from the bag, the ducks burbled to themselves about their rights to certain positions. Their pushing and shoving and chattering, their neediness, angered Dilly. Out on the edge of the shifting half-moon of mallards were two small ducks swimming back and forth alone. Dilly cracked several cookies into small pieces and began to toss them toward the two at the back. After a couple of tosses she swore to herself and, after switching bag and crumbs to the opposite hands, began pitching the pieces with her right hand. In a rage she crushed a fistful of cookies until her hand held only dust. With an ungainly sweep Dilly hurled the crumbs toward the startled ducks.
That morning’s Boston Globe had reported the results of a study on left-handedness. Working from a sample of death records, the researchers had found that left-handed people died an average of nine years earlier than those who were right-handed. As she had read the report Dilly had felt all her ligaments lengthen and loosen. She had been unsure, were she to try to get up from the kitchen table, whether she would be able to do so. She saw herself trying to walk to the sink with the flopping ungainliness of a cheap marionette.
Nine years was an unbelievable price to have to pay for something as innocuous as being left-handed. Almost a decade’s punishment. For something one didn’t choose. Favoring one’s left hand wasn’t an exercise in free will. Almost a decade. The long breath between ten and twenty, grade school and college. How much had happened in those years. Nine. All but two of the years that Jessie had been alive.
Dilly couldn’t accept what she had been reading. The study must be wrong. The price was just too high. She went back to the beginning and made herself read more slowly. Some of the difference was explained by the greater number of accidents which occurred to left-handers trying to operate in a right-handed world. Especially automobiles. She tried to think if being left-handed had caused her to run over the shopping cart the day of Lise’s visit. When panic began to outrun Dilly’s thoughts, Dilly herself tried to outrun her panic by escaping from the house.
As she walked along the narrow path that circumnavigated the pond, Dilly used her right hand to draw cookies from the bag. In between bites she practiced drawing her name in the air while holding the stub of a sugar wafer as if it were a pencil. She would change. She would make herself right-handed. Somewhere in the attic was a box with a soft-sided penmanship primer in it. She would find the book and practice the exercises. Loops and strokes until her right hand was as adept as her left. It would be the same as going through a total immersion program to learn to speak German or French.
Laboring up a rise which formed the northern boundary of the pond, Dilly intermittently closed her eyes to visualize doing various tasks right-handed. She was encouraged to realize she already did some things that way. Shaking hands. Putting keys in the car ignition. Keys in the locks of the house doors. Starting the lawnmower. Turning on the television. Brushing the right side of her hair. She had mastered those important tasks. She would master others. She stuck the index finger of her right hand into her mouth and began to brush her teeth. Tucking the bag of food under her elbow, she used her left hand to drive a fork into a ham and followed by making slicing motions with her right. It felt very awkward. Too bad. They would just have to eat hacked ham for awhile. She switched the handle of a frying pan from right to left and using a cookie as a spatula tried to slide under and then flip two fried eggs. That was very hard. She would teach the kids to like scrambled. With the threat of salmonella they shouldn’t even be eating fried eggs anyway. Cholesterol, too. She began vacuuming up the muddy incline before her. That was easy. Washing dishes. She would put the drainer on the right side and switch to the left sink for the wash water.
The path curved back from the edge of the pond and grew steeper. Twice Dilly had to stop her practicing to use her free hand to grab hold of the early spring, slightly budding, gray-green shoots growing along the sides of the path. She took up a pen again. “Now is the time.” Not one of the letters came easily. She whipped her right hand in a number of circles as if she were twirling a lariat. She tried again. Dilly watched her right hand make jagged, erratic shapes in the cool, still air. “Now is the time. Now is the time. Now. Now. N N N N.” The N began to look like an N, but the eager student couldn’t figure out how to make the transition to the O. Her wrist wouldn’t bend the way she thought it should. She crushed her bag of food tightly to her chest and began again. “N N N No No…” When her foot slipped Dilly dropped the bag and threw both hands out to catch herself. Despite her efforts, she lost her balance, flailed, fell hard onto the muddy trail, and slipped backward several feet before her shoes found purchase against a small tuft of winter-sered grass.
Dilly lay on the mud feeling the earth’s magnet pull the heat from her body. She twisted her cheek against the cold wet dirt so that the tip of her nose just touched the ground. She smelled the incongruence of the sterility of winter’s sleeping earth intermingled with the faintest fecund yeast of early spring. Dilly lay still on the path until the shivering which had started as a chattering of her teeth spread throughout her body. She was left-handed. She would die early. Her mother was left-handed. Her mother would die early, too. Her mother had cancer. CANCER. Her mother, Her Mother was riddled with the unreason of her own cells. The bone of her leg was a nest for that errancy. Dilly had tried so hard, she had gone so fast, but the numbers could no longer be ignored. Take nine, a child’s life from seed to bicycle and baseball, take nine away from her. Take nine and nine and nine away from Bett. Take nine and nine and nine away and suddenly, oh so suddenly, the only thing left was a cipher. Her mother would be gone soon. All her years subtracted from her. Minus nine, minus nine, minus nine. That leaves zero. An L.E. of 0. Zero.
Dilly’s face grew hard.
No. Not zero. Something must be added back.
She pushed herself to her knees and went crawling forward toward the plastic bag filled with treats. She flung the bag away from her toward the pond. Let the damn ducks figure out how to take care of themselves. Humans had to.



Chapter 23


There it was again. Night’s newest ritual. The empty air after sleep left, quickly, loudly, in a rocket’s roar. The downy warmth of half drunk dreams gone in a flash. As if a window had been flung open to a winter’s thieving wind. Cold, clear, clean, empty, empty, empty air.
Peter switched on the crook neck lamp. A light that had been fine to read by when he went to bed was, at four a.m., too weak to push more than a small circle of darkness from his head. He switched the light off. He didn’t want the feeling of being exposed while the perimeter of the room remained in darkness.
Peter lay rigid in his bed trying to find some scrap of thought to knead. Something to supplant the emptiness. For years after his return from Vietnam, through the years of his marriage and its end, he would wake startled. Instantly alert, his mind would race with horrific images from jig-sawed dreams. In the last weeks, all that had changed. He would be awakened by the sound of memories rushing from his mind. The emptying scared him. He sought to keep image, color, sound from being hurled away by his night brain’s whirling. He was afraid that what was lost at night might not be found with the return of day.
Increasingly, Peter had found himself doing some task at The Retreat with fingers or eyes that held no memory. He had filled a bowl a thousand times with flour and egg and milk to make crepes. He had ladled a hundred thousand crepes into their pans and set them on the stove. But, lately, he would whisk the batter and have no sense if it were thick or thin. He would stare as the ivory puddles of batter bubbled and set in the thin flared pans. Lately, he would watch the edges turn to golden lace, yet, not know when to grab the long steel handle, no, how to flick his wrist so that the crepe would do a slow somersault in the heat shimmering air before falling back to the pan on its uncooked side. The memories of how to make a pair of golden crowns from the slicing of a lemon, or truss a chicken, or strip the fell from a rack of lamb had spun away. He would look at a picture of himself and Gaby and the boys kneeling in front of a sand dune and wonder in what life those strangers had been brought together.
For years, a strand of thought, as wispy but as sticky as a web, would hold to him throughout a workday. From making a roux through whisking a sauce to breaking down the steam table at the end of the night, his mind would play with memory. Chop it up. Stir it round. Whisk it. Flip it. Slice it. Peel it.
Hot green light cutting through jungle canopy. Turning plants to men. And men to plants. The bubble bursting sound of distant sniper fire. The enrapturing braid of smells of holy basil, coriander and nuoc mam in a six seat Da Nang restaurant. The smooth metal skull of an unexploded shell.
Lately, it had been so hard to hold an image. A snatch of thought would explode in incandescent white, then, as suddenly, like a burst shell at night, be sucked back into the empty black. A black too dark to see what destruction had been done. He would be left with nothing more than a fading thunder rolling away from him. And bone rattling fear. At the possibility of there being nothing in the dark.
Peter unwound himself from the twisted bedclothes. He wandered through the darkened house trying to recover something familiar. Each hulk of moon shadowed chair, each pattern-less plane of rug, each mass of black, be it cup or cruet or the gossamer gray of curtains, was unknown. He walked to the end of the family room where the full moon’s glow was brightest. For a long time he stood watch behind the darker edge of the window frame. In the old yolk yellow light, winter wounded spears of grass, looking like the bold slashes from a Japanese brush, frantically dashed ephemeral messages at the behest of the etesian winds. A skip of wind hit a pool of sand and ripples of grainy waves wandered outward. In fierce shaking the bare branches of a rosa rugosa remonstrated against the wind’s insistence. He continued to watch at the window even as his feet curled in pain. He watched the glow of the moon grow ever paler as if it, too, was being emptied of its essence. Peter watched until the work of the wind was finished, the grasses grew still, and their cryptic messages ended. The sand froze in the whorls of the last puff’s fingerprint. He watched until the thin red line of the sun shot its way through the buffer of the scrub pines.
He left the house before six o’clock. There was no traffic on the roads. Commercial Street, the heart of Provincetown, which, in season, was usually so crowded with visitors that it could take a car fifteen minutes to drive three blocks, was empty. As Peter drove slowly toward The Retreat, he looked at the windows of the shops of the town, which had been his home for almost twenty years, as if he were a tourist. Windows were either crammed with tee shirts and sunglasses and souvenirs or empty except for a minimalist’s handful of artfully arranged Italian shirts, New York paintings, New Mexico jewelry, or Texas boots. Peter stopped the car alongside the window of a bookstore. A staircase of black painted wood ran across the front of the window. On the highest step was displayed a hardbound copy of John Updike’s Rabbit, Run. On the lowest step was a copy of the recently published last book in the Rabbit tetralogy, Rabbit at Rest. In between were Rabbit Redux and Rabbit Is Rich.
Staring at the display, Peter was pleased to find a memory. He had read Rabbit, Run in college. He had admired the orotund writing, but he had been upset at the story. He had fought against Updike’s portrayal of Rabbit’s irresponsibility and selfishness. He had not been able to understand the story’s opening where Rabbit is so frustrated by his life that he gets in his car and drives through the night, map-less, relying on instinct, to get him to a better place. In the middle of the night Rabbit had lost his courage, turned around and returned, not to his house and family, but to his hometown, to his coach, to his memories of being a high school basketball star. Rabbit had had an old man’s memories and an old man’s overwhelming sense of irrecoverable loss and time’s thievery when he was just twenty-three. Peter thought of how Rabbit had lost his future to memories of his past, a fading glory binding him and how if he were to reread the beginning of the story now he would understand Rabbit’s run.
Peter parked the car behind The Retreat. In one corner of the lot, driven by the winds was a collection of sun bleached scraps of papers. Next to one of the railroad ties that defined the parking places were three empty beer bottles standing at attention in their cardboard container. Someone had sat in the dark and drunk the beers. Why someone? Peter asked himself why he thought it was someone? Why one? Why not more? Why not a couple, man and man, woman and woman, even woman and man? Walking through that windy night. Holding onto one another. Sharing a night. Making a memory. When was the last time that he had done that? Could he remember? What memories were left? How empty could a person become? What harsh winds had blown that had so cleansed his mind of memory?
Peter got out of the car. He started for the restaurant door, but after a few steps, he changed his mind and walked toward the container of empty bottles. Holding the litter in one hand, he bounced his keys looking for the one that fit the back door. One second, two, then, three. On that particular morning, the search took too long. On the third try, when the key didn’t surface, Peter turned, walked quickly to the car, threw the empty bottles on the floor of the back seat, drove to the bank, and removed two hundred dollars from the teller machine.
He was past the dirty white cinder block garage where Gaby worked before he saw a school bus. Despite all the roadside warnings of death and destruction, he drove Route 6’s straight shot across the lower Cape, at seventy. He was over the Bourne Bridge before he thought to look at the canal traffic far below. Two hours after making his decision, if it was a decision rather than a response to an undeniable stimulus, he slowed for the Route 95 exit that would take him to Clarke’s Cove.
He should see Bett. He should call. He should call Raoul. He should turn around and return to The Retreat and its responsibilities. The shoulds plucked and picked at him with the persistence of a neurotic’s fingers at unseen lint, but at the very last moment he veered away from the exit and continued down the highway.
Not having any memories left to push away the nagging fingers, Peter concentrated his thoughts on holding his breath. After drawing the deepest breath and holding it, he listened to his pulse as it pounded just behind his ears. The exercise made him feel warm and very tired. I was during the twenty third inhalation that Peter crossed into Connecticut and began to feel safer.
An hour later, as Peter neared New Haven, the traffic grew heavier. Exhaust had colored the edges of the highway a cuprous brown. The road was cracked and crazed from having weathered too much traffic. New Haven’s skyline was much higher than he expected. On the harbor side there were tall bank and office buildings. The last time he had been in New Haven he was nearing the end of his cross country drive after having been discharged from the army hospital. For the second time that morning, he was pleased to find a memory. He chewed on its edges like a baby with a teething biscuit.
Back then, there had been a harbor filled with aging tankers and rusty scows. And toll booths. He realized that he hadn’t passed through any toll booths. Route 95 had been riddled with them. The closer one got to New York City, the more frequent were the stops. It had been as if the road were testing a driver’s desire for the metropolis. Now, the booths were gone.
Peter braked hard to avoid being sideswiped as Route 95 narrowed at its junction with Route 91. He realized with a start that it had been more than fifteen years since he had been in Connecticut. More than fifteen years since he had been anywhere other than eastern Massachusetts, the Cape and Rhode Island. He had shrunk his world in order to make more sense of it. More sense than going thirteen thousand miles to shoot at the shadowy flicker of bodies as small as children. He had made his life on the narrowest tip of land on the edge of the continent. It had seemed defensible back then when, after less than two weeks back home out of the hospital and back home with his parents, he had packed his new car and moved to Provincetown. Provincetown had been a step back. An orderly retreat back to the simple pleasures that he had had during his college summers.
Out from a nook, from where it had escaped the night-wind, popped a small memory of a midnight sea breeze wrapping itself around his sweaty neck and curling down inside the front of his food flecked shirt. The grinding sound, like a Coltrane solo gone berserk, as he dragged a garbage can across Julian’s dark gravel parking lot to the dumpster. Looking back and seeing a congress of moths caucusing as they decided how to rearrange themselves on the screen door from which they had just been disturbed. Ray’s laughter, giddy from fatigue, cascading farther out the door than the yellow of the lights.
Peter and Ray had been roommates all through college. They had worked together summers in Provincetown at Julian’s. For four years, they had been inseparable. Drunk together occasionally. Stoned together frequently. They had studied together and double dated together. They had passed back tie dyed shirts and cotton sweaters and Hunter Thompson and Richard Farina and Eisenhower jackets and Dylan and Country Joe, Cream and Robert Johnson and the snake’s head of a hookah and the deepest insights of youth. They had argued over the importance of Che Guevara, the Fugs and the Gulf of Tonkin resolution and they had learned that no fight was worth their friendship.
They had wound their friendship round and round, braided and plaited more than a thousand days until it became impossible to remember who was the creator and what the created. They had graduated together, started living a fourth summer in the bazaar streets of P town and then, in the space of five weeks, each had received his draft notice.
Peter sucked in exhaust rich air and held it until his lungs burned. He now realized that the emptiness inside him was not truly empty. True, some thoughts, many memories, had been tossed out after some unknown arbiter had decided that they were useless or unworthy. And, others had been worn out. Rubbed and worried like rosary beads until they’d lost their shape and meaning. But underneath, in a deeper, darker spot were other lodes cached many years before. Now, made aware of their presence, Peter couldn’t remember if he had meant to hide them or just to put them in a safe place.
Peter didn’t release his breath until hot dots of red and silver sequins danced so fast across his eyes that he couldn’t track the racing cars around him.
Ray had received his notice first. Although they had talked all spring about what could happen upon graduation when they would lose their 2 S student deferments and be re classified as 1 A, it had never seemed quite real. They had spent nights smoking dope and discussing late applications to graduate school, or going to Canada, or filling up on methedrine or dozens of egg whites or acid before going to the physical. Being crazy. Being gay. Conscientiously objecting. Going to prison. But in the end, when Ray’s letter came, they had been so amazed that a stranger’s pen stroke on a piece of paper could compel such a change in their lives that first Ray and, then, just weeks later, Peter had decided to live out the fate ordained in that unknown magician’s runic script.
The draft notice was more magical than Aladdin’s lamp. A black squiggle scrawled above a stranger’s typed name and a mystical world of furnace blast shimmery parade grounds, four beat bass based drill songs, dull finished metal clips and thick green webbing, cordite and carburetor smelling weapons ca denced ca denced ca denced through the end of summer’s days. The minutes dragged and the days flew by and each one was a step up the short steep ramp of a transport plane. And as another handful of minutes oozed out of a steamy afternoon, Peter had found his thoughts canting back and forth like a dingy in a stiff breeze. Eager one minute to meet a stranger and play a game of wits and stealth. The next minute feeling that there were too many molecules to his body. Everything was too large and too long. Wanting to trim his nails and curl his fingers and hunch his shoulders and draw up his knees until he was no bigger than a basketball. A ball, mottled green and tan and brown, a ball that could roll unobserved beneath a cover of green and black shadows in a stranger’s jungle. A minute after that he was wondering what Ray was doing. Had Ray mastered the obstacle course? Had Ray managed to escape to town for a night of beer made heady with the froth of guilt? Would they meet over there, smoke a joint, and wind another strand of memory?
The traffic funneling into New York pushed aside Peter’s memories. He continued to hold his breath, but now it was from concentration as he battled graffiti scrawled step-vans careening from lane to lane and an unending stream of loosely sprung Seventies behemoths hurtling toward the city. The highway narrowed and narrowed again until the Jersey barriers pressed so close to the passenger side of Peter’s car that he experienced the same tingling sensation of being too large that he had remembered earlier. A horn blared. In the next lane, close enough that Peter could have added his own spray of rage to the black and red challenges on its dented silver sides, a truck pushed itself close, then closer until its bumper banged the bumper of the car ahead. The wavering pitch of the horn began again and continued. Peter looked up at the truck cab. A gravy skinned man with a sparse mustache and two gold front teeth leaned out the passenger window, extended his middle finger and yelled, “Up yours, hombre.” The truck dropped back several feet, then surged forward and rammed the car ahead. The car skittered. Its driver abruptly accelerated and jerked the wheel hard to the right to jump into Peter’s lane. The truck sped ahead with its horn crowing over its victory.
After that drama, Peter spent almost as much time watching the rear view mirrors as looking at the road before him. Each time a vehicle drew up close to him, he tightened his grip on the wheel and stiffened his shoulders in preparation for the shock that was to come. He began to feel terrified.
Just ahead, an old Chrysler, a mile long, its original paint sunburned beyond recognition, black smoke spewing out from deep under its frame, veered from the right lane to the left. The driver’s side of the car kissed the Jersey barrier, a tracer shell’s lariat of sparks snaked out, a hubcap leapt up into the air, pitched sideways and flew back toward Peter looking like a miniature space ship fleeing a dying world. He braked hard, heard a horn’s blare, started to change lanes and heard another horn screaming. He sucked his breath in and began to count.
After negotiating the Tri-borough Bridge and the roller coaster bumps and curves of the FDR, Peter exited at 14th Street. Parked in a tow zone with the motor running, the tourist worked to bring his breathing back to normal. Excess voltage sputtered along the nape of his neck. Behind him, pent up drivers gunned motors in anticipation of the light change and their cross town charge.
After he regained some composure, Peter drove around the Village until he found a parking place on Ninth Street. He walked the streets that he and Ray had wandered through on their visits to New York for the collegiate version of lost weekends. Almost nothing looked familiar. The sidewalks and stoops were cleaner than he remembered them; the people hanging out on the streets were dirtier. His limp made him feel ungainly as he walked quickly past the drunks and junkies in Washington Park. He walked east to Broadway and then south toward SoHo. He crossed Houston. He quickly glanced at the facades of buildings as he passed them. He couldn’t remember the number of the building where he and Ray would stay in the furniture free cavernous loft of Ray’s sister, Adele. He thought it had been on the east side of Broadway. South of Houston. South of Prince. Maybe south of… He had received a closely lined, meticulously printed letter from Adele while he was at a camp outside Hue. Ray’s squad had been driving along on patrol working its way through a beer shipment when it had been ambushed. In his drunkenness Ray had sprayed two of his buddies with bullets before being wounded. There was some question as to which side had shot Ray. In the hospital someone, maybe Ray himself, had detached him from the respirator and he had suffocated. …And Spring. Maybe south of Spring. He couldn’t remember. Nothing looked right. At the time the letter came, he was drunk, too. It seemed impossible that the details of an event that had occurred less than one hundred fifty miles from him had had to travel more than twenty-five thousand miles and take almost two months for him to be aware of them. It had seemed impossible that Ray had been dead for weeks and he couldn’t tell. Broome. That seemed too far. He could turn around and walked back up Broadway. Look harder. Don’t be so careful about pretending not to be looking. It wouldn’t make any difference. Even if he found the building, there would be no chance that Adele Auden would be taped to a mailbox.
Peter continued south, then turned east on Canal Street.
Almost every time he and Ray had been in New York, being ravenous from a night of dancing or from laying down hours of table top percussion at a Village bar, they would burst through the steam-etched doors of some three table noodle shop, bow to patrons and cook alike and wolf down great smoking knots of snow white rice noodles. With fingers stupid from drink or smoke, they had used an exaggerated body English to guide chopsticks of lort toward their laughing mouths. Then, with bellies full and the streets empty, they would drift back to Adele’s and her sprung couches.
As Peter drew closer to Chinatown, the sidewalks became more crowded. When he looked at his watch it was just past noon. The Retreat dining room would be beginning to fill. He told himself that should call, but it seemed so far away. He stepped from the sidewalk to stand between two cars in safety. The crowds surged by him. He studied the nimbleness with which people avoided one another. In Provincetown there was no such grace. There, especially in the summer nights, people touched antennae every few feet to see who would move aside. Here, in these narrow dirty streets, there was a frenetic politeness and a strong sense of isolation.
Peter’s breath caught and held. In the crowd of people, nearly all small and round faced, he spied three young men with narrow, bony faces and slight wiry bodies. He bent his knees to draw himself down between the cars. On the middle man, on the small knot of bicep muscle exposed below the turned up sleeve of a black short sleeved shirt, was a large tattoo of a dragon. Talking loudly through mouths filled with broken yellowed teeth, the three men passed Peter without noticing him. He watched the men until they disappeared in the crowd.
Peter crossed the street and walked quickly in the opposite direction. In the next fifteen minutes, as he reconnoitered Chinatown, he saw dozens more Vietnamese. In several restaurant windows there were menus covered with the accented letters of the Vietnamese alphabet. On the northern edge of Chinatown he came upon a Vietnamese grocery.
Each time that he saw a Vietnamese face, his body spilled out an unnamable energy. It held fear. And more. Anger. Twisted love. Unwrapped memory.
Peter walked all over Chinatown, but nothing seemed familiar. He began to wonder if any of those nights with Ray had really happened.
After watching its entry way for several minutes, Peter decided to eat at the Saigon Inn. He ordered nime chow and a beef and noodle salad. As he waited for the rice paper rolls filled with cold rice noodles, grilled shrimp and cilantro, he drank from a glass filled with sweet beans and condensed milk. As he ate the barbequed beef strips and noodles and holy basil dressed with with nuoc cham sauce, he studied the people who had been his friends and his enemy. He pondered why they had come to live with the Chinese whom they hated with a memory which went back more than a thousand years. He wondered if Ray had loved the food the way he did. Would they have shared a dish of bo vien, the ubiquitous beef balls, either there or here, either then or now, if Ray had lived?
Peter drew back from his thoughts when two small men, no bigger than children, tried to make their way through the restaurant’s narrow screen door. The door was pushed to the limits of its hinges and banged repeatedly against the greasy wall as the two men, each with a leg amputated, maneuvered their crutches to get inside the doorway. They were so engrossed in talking that they seemed oblivious to the commotion they were making.
Peter forced himself to breathe. He tried to turn his eyes away from the men as they made their erratic way among the closely placed tables and chairs. He felt the muscles in his neck and shoulders draw themselves into knots. His hand tightened around the chopsticks until he thought they might break. Each time a crutch caught on the leg of a chair, each time a patron bent forward from his chair to make more room, each time a brick colored rubber tip fought for purchase on the greasy chessboard of the floor, he expected that all patience, all suffering, all acceptance would end. He would watch a small calloused hand hold hard to something solid. He would watch an uninjured leg plant itself for support. He would hear a rising moan of frustration keen up from a chicken ribbed chest until it burst forth as a scream that would mingle with the scared shouts and the crash of shattering glass as first one crutch and then a second flailed back and forth and up and down against the heads and shoulders, platters and bowls, glasses and bottles that were always in their way. Brightly colored bits of basil and carrot and coriander would fly through the air. Spumes of pale yellow soup would wash across the distended tendons of the hands of jabbering men as they pushed themselves out of the way of danger. The long black hair of the two women seated just there would shine from droplets of oil which would have splashed on them. The rail of the crutch would hit the thin bridge of the tiny nose of the old mottle skinned woman chattering there with her toothless mouth. The sound of cantaloupes dropping to the floor would dun his ears as the crutches thonked against the heads of those too stunned or slow to move.
The men reached a table, pulled out chairs with the tips of their crutches, clumsily sat down and clattered their crutches into the corner behind them.
Peter’s chest hurt. Vietnam had been filled with cripples. Feet and legs and hands and arms and eyes and ears had been but a partial harvest of the war.
Memories burst from buried places.
A one legged woman, her good leg tied to a bicycle pedal with a harness of cloth so that she could both push and pull, making erratic Ss as she rode from side to side up a narrow climbing road. An old man with a black plastic sleeve of PVC pipe fitted over a stump making a trail of footprint, circle, footprint, circle trail in the dusty road. A smiling black eyed boy straining noodles from a big pot with a long handled wire strainer attached to a piece of wood that was strapped to a stump that ended just below his elbow. Bits and pieces of people had been left throughout the country, so, to go on about their business, the wounded took up other bits and pieces of the materiel of war and fashioned arms and legs and lives.
As he had.
As he had not.
He didn’t know which was the answer.
Had he been crippled or only injured? Or was it one and he thought the other? Or, was the jury still out?
Within days of landing in Viet Nam he had begun to wonder why the whole country did not just explode in a huge tantrum of frustration and anger. What force kept people meekly tending rice paddies and spreading feed to fowl while bombs burst and fires burned and strangers careened past their homes in a frenzy of destruction? Each additional day he had felt the trigger drawn tighter. He had thought each mortar shell, each bursting flare, each whistling missile and unseen passing plane, each jeep bouncing its white hot beams of accusation along a sleeping village road must be the final, critical erg that would cause the whole country to explode in indignation at the discounting and disruption of its lives. He would see a cripple and a second and a third in a ten minute walk and know their unfurling fury soon must smother him. He had tried to stay drunk. The alcohol held some, most of the fear in abeyance, kept it just at the perimeter of his defenses, a murky, jerking movement not quite beyond the edge of vision.
Until Ray died. Then, he stopped drinking and the fear slid in. And he knew he was going to join Ray. He knew that not drinking was not enough to break the grip of fate. He was caged. Fear banged its cup along the bars. So, he smoked. A haze of dope. But, fear wreathed round his face while his eyes dilated in vigilance and streamed with complex tears. He smoked until each hit brought nothing but more panic.
Then, he stopped and counted days. And half and quarter days. Until he knew that counting days, too, only courted fate. So, he had pushed the numbers away. Instead, he worked. And prayed. He worked. And read. And folded and refolded his mouldering clothes. And worked. And packed and repacked his kit.
And then…
Peter paid his bill, looked a final time at the cripples in the corner as they shoveled noodles toward their laughing mouths before he hurried through the doorway.
Peter walked quickly and decisively without knowing where he was going. He raced through the bread and coffee smells of Little Italy. He turned east and hop-scotched the bodies of the drunks and junkies and sleeping slow-wits on the sunny side of Avenue A. He pushed his way through crowds milling in front of butcher shops and barricaded windows filled with underwear. He didn’t slow to the importuning of the homeless thieves who sold their improbable booty in a makeshift market along a block of abandoned buildings. He careened in and out of unceasing foot traffic. There were victims everywhere he walked. Of this or that. Of him or her or it or them or, mostly, self. He hurried past the armless and legless. The jobless. The sightless. The useless. The childless. The thoughtless. The heartless. The lifeless.
His feet throbbed as the pavement pounded back against his soles. He was exhausted, shaky. He had the urge to lie down and rest his cheek against the warm oily sheen of the sidewalk, but, instead, he broke into a hobbled run toward his car. Afternoon traffic was heavy as he left the city and drivers’ actions bespoke their wounds.
Peter parked the car just past the sign designating the weedy area as land held by the Clarke’s Cove Homeowners’ Association. He slowly made his way out onto the sandy spit until he look down the shore to his parents’ dock and picnic house.
He had been flown back wrapped in plaster. An arm and collarbone. Peter found a small comfort in staring at the silver gray hulk of the picnic table a thousand feet away, even though it was not the same one that he had eaten from when he first had come home. He had been told in the Philippines that his injuries weren’t serious. Nothing complicated. Just a bad concussion, contusions and two shattered bones.
Peter felt the force, which had propelled him from Provincetown and along New York’s aching streets, well back up in him.
Broken bones and bad memories and worse dreams. And the mucilage of remorse.
Go on.
He couldn’t.
He thought of Bett in a darkened room. Deciding whether to fight or give in. Deciding whether to leave her leg on an operating table so she could get on with the rest of her life. Sorting out and sorting through. Measuring out and measuring up. Adding.
And subtracting.
As he had done. Subtract Ray. As he had done. But, he really hadn’t. Ray was long gone but he had kept him in the equation. Every day he had ciphered through what was past and what would come. But, he hadn’t solved the problem. He had only made it worse. He had been so sure he could figure out what it meant. Why Ray was gone and he was left.
In the days of jungle, he had become so caught up in the meaning, knowing that it must have meaning, that he had come to know it as a bowl of portents. Ray had gone so that he could stay. If he could read the signs and be careful.
And he had been. After the counting of the days and hours and after the packing and repacking of his kit, he had spent his time working and being aware. Keeping a vigil for his return to safety. He had watched children and known their hate soon must outgrow their small frames. He had fixed cripples with a desperate stare knowing they waited patiently for a lax moment to scuttle close on hollowed limbs filled full with the powder of revenge. Death waited, waited patiently for a second’s inattention.
Brennan said see the sky. He looked. A child ran from a brown dog in the ditch. He twisted the wheel. Smashed through the threat. Went in the ditch. Rolled the jeep.
And…
Broke his arm and collar bone.
And…
He looked down.
Peter looked down the shore for strength.
And…
Broke Brennan’s neck.
And…
Severed the boy’s leg.
And…
Peter sat on the beach with his fingers plowing small furrows in the sand. Was the boy dead now, or sleeping on a sidewalk, or forcing open restaurant doors to take a favorite seat? Where were Brennan’s folks? How had a moment’s inattention changed their path? Where was Adele? What had Ray’s death done to her?
Brennan had lost his life and the boy a leg and he his life and wife and family. Years and years. And, then, each day, as cameras showed bombs hunt for prey, and khaki colored soldiers spoke of duty and prayed for peace, as life and death and danger and safety wove their random plaids on the sere backdrop of desert dun, as errant missiles killed civilians and soldiers slept secure, as friendly fire abruptly subtracted lives and made lingering victims of those who fired, haunting things had come back.
Peter saw a small figure make its hobbling way past the picnic table and out to the end of the dock.
Heat rolled up out of his stomach.
How could the crippled laugh? He had watched them in fear, had known with a twenty year old knowledge that they must strike out. Had known a hurt that big must swing free. Had known with surety that a second’s more passing of that pain and they must clear the tables with their crutches.
But, they hadn’t. They had laughed and talked and eaten gobs of steaming noodles.
Peter stared at his mother leaning against the last piling of the dock. His chest heaved a dozen times, huge soundless strangling hiccoughs, breaths too sharp to hold. Ray had died. A bad luck dance. Ray had died. Fear had found him ten thousand miles from home. An unspeakable anger had wound through his fear. Mistakes had been made. Terrible mistakes. Brennan was gone and a boy’s leg and Gaby and five, six, seven thousand days. And seven thousand nights. Of holding tight. Staying on the path. No more mistakes. Tires strictly straight. No more mistakes. No looking at the sky. No looking out at all. Just down. At boiling pots and grease skittering skillets and smooth sheathed tomatoes and the slick skinned legs of butchered chickens. Throughout it all, he had kept his eyes down and his voice calm and had hoped, with an energy sapping hope, that his anger wouldn’t kill yet another man nor his remorse kill himself. He had hoped and held on. He had lashed the things of a normal life wife, children, home and job onto his own inexplicable life and had hoped the grafts would take. They hadn’t. Not really. But, their strange fruit had helped to hold things off. For a while. For a long while. Until Gaby left and took the boys. And friends and customers slow motioned their AID-ed way out toward Ray. With just as little meaning and almost as much regret. And a victim’s disease grafted itself onto his mother. And held her tight. Despite her goodness and all her courage and her life long magical inoculation against mistakes. And hot smart bombs flew down Iraqi chimneys and brought the most surprising gifts.
Peter ground sand crusted knuckles into his eyes. His throat made a soft sound, but he couldn’t tell what it was trying to say.
It was dark and his mother was gone before his noises ceased. Something was gone and in its place was a flickering image of a frail screen door held open by a crutch and two sallow skinned, gaunt faced men pushing clumsily, noisily, laughingly through the door.
Peter limped along the sand and then drove down the ill lighted lane to his old home.



Chapter 24


Driving south on Route 95, past Attleboro and into Rhode Island, past the fusty sprawl of Pawtucket and through the writhing curves that bisected Providence, Nita kept being surprised at how relaxed she was. That morning, as she cleaned up office details, she had warned herself to be alert to her own recriminations. Without frequent monitoring and admonishments, she had expected to be in frequent disputes with herself for leaving work. Now, alone in the speeding car, sixty miles south of her office, she was pleasantly surprised at her own self-graciousness.
It was mid-afternoon on a Wednesday in early spring. As air was sucked into the slightly opened window, Nita thought it felt as warm and smelled as good as June. Along the highway many of the grasses were already bright green. In the lowlands the willows’ cold weather dun was lightened with the palest tinge of new leaf yellow. Winter’s lowering leaden sky had arched its back and re-painted itself a deep blue. The sky was so high Nita thought gravity itself must have weakened. After months of being mashed down and cowering under winter’s low, dark ceiling, having a huge open vault about her exhilarated her.
While driving along the nearly lightly trafficked highway, Nita studied the delicate balance that held between the seasons. The south sides of the hills were greener than the north. The tops of hills were brown and barren, but in the low spots, protected from the winds and able to hold the sun’s nascent warmth, the ground was green with newly synthesized chlorophyll and, in several places, splotches of bright color. Against the white, life-giving mirrors of building walls and bridge abutments, in Easter bonnet pinks and yellows, forsythia and azaleas were coming into bloom.
Nita took her eyes from the countryside to look at the car phone. She had only the faintest desire to call her office. After Nita had decided just the day before to visit Bett, her secretary Leann had spent the afternoon shifting appointments while Nita herself had made the necessary phone calls to opposing attorneys, court clerks and clients to ask for continuances for the three court appearances she had been scheduled for during the remainder of the week. Nita had been pleased at how accommodating everyone had been, but she had remained wary of reproach from the person least likely to accept her unexpected change of plans—Attorney Nita Koster.
So far, more than an hour into her trip, the charges—irresponsibility, laziness, breach of duty—had not been forthcoming. Again, Nita thanked that unexpected side of herself for its tolerance before shifting her thoughts to Bett.
The last months had been so hard. Her phone calls to her mother had grown ever shorter. Long questions about Bett’s health had been countered with short, spare answers. When she had tried to discover the particulars of the tumor in her mother’s leg, she had heard the same hollowness as when she’d examine a reluctant witness. Nita had been sure her mother wasn’t lying to her, but she also knew that Bett wasn’t being forthcoming. It made Nita angry that her mother was holding back, but each time it happened, her professional training kept the anger under wraps. She would move the conversation away from the cancer to the war, or siblings, or her father, or even to herself. She would try to reassure the witness with a series of quotidian questions before circling back to something sharper and, to her, more relevant.
Nita assumed if her mother wasn’t sharing with her, given their connectedness from the years of watchful waiting with the DES, then she probably wasn’t opening herself to anyone in the family. It hurt to think of her mother’s isolation, but it hurt much more when her father finally confessed that anger and depression had been holding Bett to her bed.
A staccato honk made Nita aware she had become so engrossed in her thinking that she had allowed the car’s speed to drift down to forty miles an hour. She accelerated to sixty-five, set the cruise control, and returned to her thoughts.
Isolation. Nita had tried to do that, too. She had pulled herself back and in. It had seemed to her then that the more she could retreat within herself, the fewer the surfaces there would be for the pain to dance upon. Reliving her retreat, Nita began to understand and, as grudgingly as her mother once had been with her, accept Bett’s reluctance to discuss her condition.
The signs of spring became ever more evident until she drew close to the water. In the final miles to Clarke’s Cove the land went back to limbo. She remembered how the water dearly held onto summer but stingily held back spring.
Nita was surprised to find Bett in the small pantry which long ago had been converted to a nursery for her mother’s plants. Nita realized she had been picturing her mother still trapped in bed. Bett was leaning back against a stool. On the roughened workbench in front of her were a mound of vermiculite, an opened bag of potting soil, sphagnum moss, pots and a stack of black and green plastic planting flats.
“Hi, I didn’t knock. Thought you might be napping.”
“Hi, honey.”
Showing the tips of her fingers to be blackened with dirt, Bett held her hands up and away from herself, as a surgeon might after scrubbing, before tilting a cheek to present to Nita for kissing.
“Mind the wig.”
“Is that a question or statement? Declaration or interrogation?”
“Be careful of. Declarative.”
“Yes, ma’am. I’ll be very careful.
“You look great in here.”
“Do I? I wonder why?”
“I don’t know. Earth mother, I guess. You’re so enough to pay attention to the seasons. Sometimes I think I must be adopted. If I’m really your daughter, why am I so stupid as to miss most of your most valuable lessons? Driving down here, instead of plotting and planning the next thing and next thing and next thing I have to do, I actually looked at the countryside. Things are changing. It’s spring, isn’t it?”
“Well, it’s certainly trying to be.”
“Somehow, it seems too early.”
“It is. But, the winter was so warm. I’m not enough of a garden club Anglophile to keep a garden diary, but, if my memory serves, it’s the earliest I’ve ever seen the tulips or hyacinths down here. I’m way behind. As you can see.”
Bett searched for Nita’s eyes.
“I was so foolish. I lost all that time.”
Nita just barely shook her head. She didn’t want to hear her mother apologize.
“So, now, I’m trying to catch up.”
Bett waved her hands over the bowl of chocolate potting soil coconutted with pure white vermiculite.
As she drizzled soil through her fingers, Nita said, “I’ll bet a lot of people are about where you are. I think the war threw everything off.”
“What do you mean?”
“January and February, unless you’re a skier, always seem to be full of days that just have to be endured. Plodded from one to another. But, this year, the war distracted everyone. From the weather, their bills, the post-holiday letdown, cabin fever. And probably their seed catalogs.”
Bett considered whether she should accept her daughter’s explanation. She wanted to tell Nita how overwhelmed she had been. How she had been so riddled with fear, blanched of faith, pushed toward a horrible corruption of herself and then, beyond, into a yawning nothingness. She wanted to apologize for allowing the cancer its weeks of victory. She wanted to shrive herself. But, Nita’s face said no. Don’t do that.
“You might be right. You probably are. The war and the warm weather confused us all.”
“One hundred thousand lives seems a big price for our distraction.”
“It may save more lives in the end.”
“Like Pete’s?”
Bett’s voice held gratitude.
“Yes. Like Pete’s. Oh, honey, that was such a terrible day. It was so easy to imagine such terrible things.”
“Because you knew things were bad?”
“No, not really. We had talked several times, but he had been very closemouthed about everything. Lise had told me that Gaby had called her because she was so worried about how he was being affected. After that, when we talked, I broached the war a couple of times, but he changed the subject to the boys, the restaurant or…”
“You?”
“Yes, I suppose, me.”
“Let me make a wild guess. Then, you changed the subject to Dad, the weather, or just about anything else.”
Bett stared hard at Nita for a second before turning back to the potting soil.
“Yes, I suppose so.”
“Kind of like two people fighting over a dial. Like men in a bar arguing over which game to watch. Remember the Templetons?”
“I’m not sure what you mean.”
“You know. When they got a TV that had a remote how they’d fight for control of it. The, they bought a second remote and each constantly changed what the other wanted to watch. Or, fiddled with the volume.”
Bett’s face clouded over with pain.
“I’m just teasing, Mom. When I was driving down here today I was thinking about how when I was sick I always felt better when I pushed everybody away. Even you. Remember?”
“Did it feel like I was pushing you away?”
“Yes, actually, it did, and, if we’re being honest, it still does. Like a few minutes ago when you agreed it was the war that has delayed your planting. But it’s okay. I know it’s not really a push. It’s more the opposite. You’re pulling in. To conserve yourself.”
Bett turned to say something, but Nita continued before her mother could begin.
“It’s okay, Mom. It’s your battle. You fight it the way you have to fight it.”
“It has not been easy figuring out how to do that.”
Nita remained quiet. She moved next to her mother and began to fill the holes of a flat with soil. She recognized a situation she had seen in court several times when a witness became so entwined in the magnitude of his thoughts he forgot that he was testifying before an audience.
“It’s hard to know what to do. It’s hard to know how hard to fight. I gave up a breast. That was easy, really. I knew I was doing the right thing. It wasn’t vital.ﾁIt wasn’t exactly superfluous. But, somehow, it wasn’t vital. It was a price, a reasonable price, to have to pay for my health. A leg is vital. Losing a leg changes me. Changes what I can do. Changes who I am. Losing a leg cripples me. I’ve thought about it so much. A leg must be about twenty percent of me. Of my weight. My…my… My displacement. My displacement will be less. My space would be smaller. But, it’s a price that I can think about. And actually think about easily if I can make myself believe that my leg would be the full price. But, if it’s not… If there’s more to pay… If my leg is just a down payment for a few more months and, then, another payment is due… It’s very hard to figure out. I can’t even figure out how to think about it. I’ve always felt that I’ve known how to think about things. Things have always kind of arranged themselves in my mind. But, not now. However I look at it, it seems like I leave something out. Neil, money, pain, hope. That strange word that I keep hearing myself think—dignity. Something. I look around here and see all the thoughtless shaping that I’ve done. Everywhere I look, I see something I’ve trimmed or shaped or pruned to my notion of what its life should be. The grapefruit trees used to be seven feet tall, now they’re four feet. They used to be scraggly. Now, they’re nicely pollarded. Is that how God works? He looks at me. ‘She’s ungainly. Snip this. Lop that. That’s better. Now she better suits my purpose. Now, she’s more pleasing to my eye.’ Is that what’s going on? It’s hard to know. Does God want me to prune myself? Am I to fight and fight and fight for life? Or, am I supposed to stop fighting and go on to whatever is next? Am I supposed to be a victim to this horrid disease or am I supposed to be a victim of foolishness, self-will and determination and science as I try to fight it? Or, am I to become a victim to anger and bitterness? That certainly would be ironic. I get to keep my leg or my life, but the price is that I become filled with bitterness.”
Bett decided she would take up Nita’s challenge.
“Nita, lying in that bed was a black pleasure. The blackest of pleasures. There was something so frighteningly seductive about staying in that room and filling it with the meanest of thoughts. Some of the things that I said to your father. I savored them both before and after I said them and the only regret I had was that I had no film of the hurt on his face to look at over and over. I don’t know what would have happened if Peter’s disappearance hadn’t jolted me out of it. I never knew that much about sin or evil. I don’t know why, but it just never had much attraction for me. I’d see people do mean-spirited things and I could never fathom the reward or pleasure they got from it. Now, I know. And, now, I have some understanding of the effort some, maybe many, people have to make to be good.
“I’ve learned about evil. But I’m not sure what else. I still don’t know what I should do. It’s very hard to know. The only thing that has become clear from all of this is that I, and probably everyone who has been in a situation like mine, must begin to think like a Buddhist. All life is sacred. Yet, even when I think that, there is a part of me that’s trying to figure out what to do with those black pines that are sick out there.”
Bett pointed through the window and took a big breath. Through her tears Nita watched her mother’s fingers tremble so that vermiculite was shaking free from the gobs of soil that she was shoving into pots. Nita chose to remain quiet. After several false starts of half-sentences and ellipsistic thoughts, Bett grew quiet, too. Mother and daughter worked next to one another until all the flats had all of their holes filled.
“I’ll be back in a minute.”
Nita didn’t turn to watch her mother hobble from the room. She tried to avoid hearing the scraping sound of the footfall of the favored leg. It hurt her chest to breathe, but she didn’t feel like she was going to cry. Even though neither had acknowledged what just had occurred, the daughter knew that the fear, confusion and honesty her mother had just shown to her betokened a great trust. Nita shut her eyes to hold onto the immensity of the gift her mother had given her. She hoped she could respond in kind.
Bett returned with a large box in her hands. She smiled at Nita.
“Your mother’s treasure.”
“What is it?”
After opening the lid, Bett held up three small jars. Inside each was a teaspoon’s worth of fine black seed and a small piece of lined index card.
“Cleome.” Bett held a jar sideways and rotated it until she could read the piece of paper.
“Pink… Here’s the white. And this one’s my favorite—deep purple.”
“I don’t remember. What’s it look like?”
“Sure you do, honey. The leaves looks like marijuana and the flowers look like orchids and smell like skunk. Remember now?”
“With that description, yeah. Sure. It gets huge, right? And has thorns?”
“Yes. Cleome sends us a mixed message.”
“Like life, Mom?”
Bett put the purple cleome down on the scarred counter and reached back into the box.
“Zinnia. Candy Cane.”
She shook another small jar that once might have held jam. She licked her lips and leered at Nita.
“Tomatoes. Romas, but real Romas from seeds the Antellis brought back from Italy.”
“My God, Mom, how long ago was that? It must be ten years. I don’t think I was even in law school yet.”
“At least ten years.”
“You’ve saved the seeds of those seeds for ten years?”
“Sure.”
“You’re incredible.”
“I like what I like. These are wonderful tomatoes. They’re so much better than any plum I can get here. They remind me of the ones Opa used to grow.”
“Why would a German jeweler grow Italian tomatoes?”
Bett stood still for a moment with the jar in her hand.
“I don’t really know. I can’t remember them ever being used in a tomato sauce. Oma never made anything like that. Mainly, we just cut them in half and salt and peppered them and ate them. I always liked them because they weren’t too seedy. Since we’ve been in Rhode Island, now I know what to do with them. Anyway, I like having them; it’s worth a little effort.”
Bett held up more jars and several creased envelopes.
“Morning glories. Beggar’s lice. Spanish broom. More zinnias. Pumpkins. Luffa squash.”
Nita’s sense of wonderment at her mother’s hoard of seeds mutated into revulsion as her mother began displaying other seeds—basil, cicoria, fennel—that were contained in brown plastic pill vials. She held tight to her feelings and continued to nod and speak her approval.
“What’s first?’
“That’s probably a moot issue. It’s already late to be starting a lot of this. For the tomatoes, eggplant, snaps and peppers, I’m at least a couple of weeks behind. Especially after such a warm winter. I’m not too bad for basil or zinnias.”
“Is it really that late?”
“Normally, I wouldn’t have planted my starts until maybe early last week, but it’s been so warm I think everything will go in early this year.”
“What if it gets cold?”
“Cold would be very nice. I’ve learned to love the cold. If it does turn cold, then pinch, pinch, pinch. I’ll end up with some very pot-bound, eager-to-grow seedlings.
Later, after hundreds of seeds had been hidden inside the moist richness of Bett’s potting compost, Nita asked, “Where are you going to put all of this stuff?”
“A lot goes into the gardens.”
“But there’s so much here. What about the rest?”
“Well, I always grow a few flats for friends. Some more for the church plant sale. And some for the Historical Society sale. Obviously, I won’t be making much of a contribution to them this year. And, then, I usually take a few flats and plant them around.”
“Like where?”
“The veterans’ memorial and a couple of old untended graves I like in that little cemetery back behind Howsers.”
“And no change this year?”
Irritation, the quick scowl of a tired mother with an insistent child, flicked across Bett’s face.
“Nita, after what I’ve just been through.”
Bett stopped and corrected herself.
“After what I’ve just done, I think it’s more important I do it this year than ever before.”
“Why?”
“Why? Well, one, just for the strength of habit. So much of my life is in chaos I need to hold on to what isn’t. It’s affirming. Plants—flowers and food—are life-affirming. And I need to remember that. “Gratitude. Things aren’t right. They certainly aren’t as I would have them, but I’m not dying in the sand in some strange war far away from home. I’m not abandoned or forgotten.
Bett paused for a moment.
“And, then, Ellen.”
“Ellen?”
“My friend. The woman I met in the hospital.”
“Oh, I remember. The woman with the colostomy.”
“Yes. She insists.”
“Insists?”
“That I try to maintain my habits. She’s very positive. She’s very solid. We’ve visited a lot lately, and when we do, a lot of my confusion disappears. For a time, anyway. Obviously from the dithering you heard earlier, not all of it. I’m not sure why all of that came out.”
A tenderness which Nita could never remember feeling before sweep over her.
“Probably because it was in there and wanted out.”
“Ellen gets a lot of it.”
“I’m glad.”
“Are you?”
“Yes, of course. Why do you say that?”
“It upsets Dilly.”
“What are you talking about?”
“It bothers Dilly both that I’ve had all this confusion and, maybe worse, that I take most of it to Ellen.”
“Rather than to Dilly?”
“Yes.”
“Forget it, Mom. Dilly always wants to own everything and mother everybody. You talk to whomever you feel like talking to.”
“People get possessive about some very peculiar things.”
“They do. Most of the lawyers I know, even ones with huge practices, practices that are absolutely out of control, don’t make many referrals. They’d rather stagger through on a case dealing with some aspect of the law about which they know nothing rather than pass it on. And fathers who have ignored their kids for years don’t want their wives to have custody.”
Bett used the edges of her hands to gather the potting soil that remained on the bench. As her mother formed the spillage into a mound, Nita lifted the nearly empty basin and held it against the edge of the workbench. When Bett drew her hands back, the spilled dirt cascaded into the old white enameled tub.
“Good team, huh?”
“Very good team, honey.”
“Not to emulate my older sister, but is there something I can do to help with dinner?”
“You could make a salad.”
“That’s it?”
“Everything else got done earlier.”
“Why did I guess that?”
“The power of habit. It can get us through a lot of bad days.”
Bett leaned against the work bench to take some weight off her leg.
“I think I’ll lie down for awhile.”
“What about Dad?”
“He should be on time. He knows you’re coming.”
In the middle of setting the table and baking the scrod, and shredding carrots and tearing romaine, when there was so much to do that each was provided with a bolt-hole of activity, in a voice flat, quiet and calm, Bett asked Nita if she would help her make out a living will.
After a dinner during which her mother ate almost nothing, but kept her mouth full of household words and where her father ate heartily but, unusually, in almost full silence, Nita took a short walk along the silent, amber-lighted lanes of Clarke’s Cove. Later, after an hour of desultory conversation and several hands of rummy, everyone went to bed.
In the morning, after breakfast and after her mother left for a doctor’s appointment, Nita called an acquaintance from law school with a practice in Providence.
As yet, Rhode Island didn’t have living wills, although they might get to it by the end of the present legislative session—if there were time after all the banking and ethics and budget issues were taken care of. The state dealt with its citizens’ ideas of the good life with a durable power of attorney for health care. The client instructed a friend, the friend instructed the doctors. He could mail her the form, or if she were in a hurry the easiest thing would be for her to pick up the form from the nearest fire chief. No, he had no idea why the state had chosen the fire chiefs as conduits. Just Rhode Island logic. Rhode Island politics.
Half-way out the door to the fire station, a thought stopped Nita. She made her way to the plant room. The green and black cartons that were arranged all around the sunlight-soaked room looked exactly as they had the afternoon before. There was no sound beyond her breathing; there was no movement except her own; there was no smell except for the mushroom smell of the soil itself, yet, Nita knew, inside each carton’s incubative cells, water and warmth were making miracles. In a moment, or a day or two, dehiscent seeds would spill their marrow. Following a plan programmed into them over a thousand generations, the hardest of materials would soften. Cells would double and double and double again. Hard brown seed would twist itself into translucent tender flesh. The most delicate of strands would heave through a mound of dirt to lead itself to light. Silver would turn green. A pointed sprout would unfurl a set of tiny leaves. More leaves. More leaves. Flower. Fruit. The most mundane act—billions and billions of seeds turned into millions of acres of wheat—and the most exotic—in less than ninety days, a hard black dot, smaller than a poppy seed, turn into a five foot cleome with dangling pods, ten inch blossoms of wands and petals, thorns, a strange smell—were miracles that had been too small or too big ever to have been much noticed by her. Gripping the edge of the worn work bench Nita lowered herself to her knees.
After a few seconds of being without thought and without prayer and feeling mortified, Nita pulled herself back up on her feet and half ran to her car.

* * *

“Hi, how was it?”
Bett shrugged.
“I picked up the forms while you were gone.”
“The living will?”
“Yes. Except that here it’s called a durable power of attorney for health care. It’s not quite the same. You need to choose someone and tell them your wishes. I read through it. It’s pretty simple. If and when, let me know and we’ll go through it.”
“I can’t just make my wishes known?”
“No, you have to pick someone who acts as your agent.”
“Oh. I think I’ll rest for a few minutes.”
“Sure. I’ll start something for lunch. Are you hungry for anything special?”
“In my mind, I’m always hungry, but nothing much ever wants to go down when it’s actually in front of me.”
In less than twenty minutes Bett joined Nita in the kitchen.
“Can we do it now?”
“You sure?”
“I’d like to get it done.”
The flushes surging through Nita felt exactly the same as the breakers of nausea which always preceded the crest of her period.
“I’ll go get it.”
Nita hoped her hurried exit looked like purposefulness rather than flight. The wind she made as she rushed to her bedroom helped to cool the hot spots that had formed under her eyes and over her temples.
Sitting next to her mother at the kitchen table, Nita heard herself explaining things too quickly. She commanded herself to slow down. She had walked many people through many pages of dense print meant to change their lives. This was no different. Her mother was a client.
“Whoever you choose as your agent, as your attorney in fact, has the right to tell your doctors what to do. Your agent can deny consent to treat, to maintain, and even to diagnose. You have the option of spelling out, in as much detail as you wish, types of treatment you wouldn’t want to go through. For example, you could say no to more surgery but yes to another round of chemotherapy, or you could allow yourself to be fed intravenously, but keep yourself from being put on a respirator, or on one for more than a week, or a month or a year. Whatever you want.
“In these paragraphs, here and here, you’re told you can revoke or override the POA, sorry, power of attorney, anytime you want, as long as you’re of sound mind.
“Here, you’re given the right to limit the decisions of the agent.
“The places I’ve marked with checks explain that attending physicians and employees of health care facilities can’t act as your agents. All of this, obviously, makes everybody a little jumpy. You have to have two witnesses. Your agent or an alternative agent, if you chose to have one, can’t be a witness. And, here, one of the witnesses has to be disinterested—not related by blood or marriage and, as far as the person knows, not entitled to any part of your estate.
“You see, it’s simple. But I’m not too sure it’s going to be easy. This kind of stuff never is. You may want to talk to your doctors to find out what’s involved in worst case scenarios and work back from there.”
In the same distracted manner in which she had nodded her head while Nita had gone through the form, Bett said, “Yes, honey, that sounds like a good idea.”
“Have you talked to Dad about, I hate this phrase, your wishes? Because none of us wish for any of this.”
Bett’s “no” sounded to Nita as if her mother were upset at the question.
“You haven’t? Why not, Mom?”
“He’s been so busy at work.”
“Oh, Mom, c’mon. One of the best things about Dad is he’s always been there when anyone needed him.”
“This is different.”
“How?”
“He’s never had this many problems. He’s very worried about what people will think about him after the hearings were on TV. The bank has never had this many problems. He’s very distracted.”
“I guess you’re right. Last night was weird. I’ve never seen him so quiet. This has been a hell of a year, but I still think it must be something else. If you wanted to talk about this, I can’t imagine his response being anything but encouragement and support.”
“You think it’s my fault?”
“No, you know, I don’t mean that. My God, none of this is easy. I know that. And you know that I know that. You’re not used to being a patient. No one’s used to you being sick. On almost anyone’s list, you’d be the last person anyone would ever imagine being sick. So there are lots of reasons for everyone to be miscommunicating. I’ve seen a lot of divorces where one or both parties could never have imagined themselves divorced. Those are usually some of the worst ones because the disbeliever keeps sliding out of the situation. They keep shutting their eyes and, then, opening them expecting to find themselves back in Kansas. But Kansas and Toto and Auntie Em are long gone.”
“Nita, do you think I’m doing that?”
“You? Dad? Me? Dilly? The doctors? All of us? Who knows? Where does hope end and delusion begin? You touched on it yesterday. When does trying to maintain normal living habits in a tough time go from being a good discipline to folly? I don’t know. I’m not sure anyone does. Especially, with cancer. Lise told me that no one understands remission.
“Please, Mom, talk to Dad. Let him know what you would want him to do. If anything were to happen, it would make it easier on him.”
Bett drew the form toward her. She stared at the paper for a long time.
“Nita, I don’t want your father to be my agent.”
Only years of training controlled Nita’s response. She spoke softly.
“No?”
Bett was silent for a long moment. Her fingers picked stitches from a garment that could not be seen.
“I sicken your father.”
Nita grabbed her mother’s forearm.
“No, Mom, no.”
“I think so. I’m almost certain.”
“How can you say that? Dad loves you more than anything.”
Her mother’s face dissolved into shimmering patches of pinks and beiges. Nita squeezed her eyes trying to focus, but the image remained as impressionistic as one seen through an acid-etched door. She felt the same kind of distance she used to experience standing in some near stranger’s shower staring through the curtain at the moving abstract painting that was his robe. His voice near, reverberating inside the steamy isolation booth of the shower stall, but all else, of necessity, so far away.
“Your father has a very rare lack of capacity for duplicity. He’s the most obvious man in the world. I was in stitches watching him before my sixtieth birthday. No one could have been more sheepish before a surprise party. Remember how many times at Christmas one of you, usually Dilly, of course, would pry from him what your big present was going to be? Now, he’s pulling away from me.”
“But…”
“No, Nita, please listen. When I came home from the hospital in September, and for several weeks afterward, we were distanced. But it was different. It was just like what you said earlier. Neither of us knew how for me to be sick. In a strange way it reminded me of the first time I was pregnant. He drew back then for awhile, but it was because he didn’t know what else to do. He didn’t know how fragile I might be, and he didn’t know who I was becoming. I think it’s hard for a man. The wife becomes a parent nine months before the husband. He can help set up a nursery and rub ankles, but it’s just not the same. The wife’s already jumped to the other side of the biggest change in any marriage, except maybe death. When I was carrying Peter, it took awhile, but, then, we were fine. It was the same thing after the hospital. He was tentative. He was… He was… Just like a cat. A part of him wanted to come close, but he just wasn’t sure. Of me. So he walked back and forth in front of me, but kept just out of reach. But in a couple of weeks, we drew close again. And we stayed close. My breast being gone seemed to be okay. The scar didn’t frighten him or appall him. That much. It seemed to be no different than my weight or wrinkles or varicose veins. Just part and parcel of a less-than-perfect, but perfectly fine, mate. When I started going bald he never stepped back. He was more accepting of that than I was. He even told me that he saw it as a sign of health. My hair’s dying meant the cancer was being killed, too.
“But, now. Now, Nita, it’s very different. Partly, obviously, because of how cruel I’ve been to him. But, I think, mostly because of this.”
Bett pushed herself back from the kitchen table. She extended her legs.
“This.”
She pointed to her right leg.
This sickens him. There is something about what’s going on inside this leg that disgusts him. He can’t look at me. He’d sleep in a separate bed every night if he had the courage. He sleeps as far away from me as he can, except that a lot of that time is not sleeping. We both pretend. I think the thought of touching me, or this,” Bett tapped her leg, “in the night is absolutely abhorrent to him. He’s been getting up in the middle of the night. I think it’s just to get away. To give himself a little relief.”
“I can’t believe it, Mom. It just doesn’t sound like Dad. Maybe you’re misreading things.”
“Maybe, but I don’t think so. You watch.”
“It could be he’s distracted by work. You said yesterday how crazy things have been. An honorable man with his honor in question. Or he could feel guilty because he’s so divided between work and you. Or he could be back in the cat phase—not knowing if it’s okay to approach you, yet. You just said how mean you’d been. Wounds take time to heal. Christ, look at me. Look at Peter. Maybe it’s just that knowing you are sick or in pain terrifies him and he withdraws. It could be a thousand other things.”
“Yes, it could, and I’ve thought of those things, but I don’t think that it’s anything other than revulsion. Honey, in forty years, I haven’t been wrong about your father very many times. My knowing him so well is something that makes it harder for him. He knows I know that I disgust him. That’s what’s so sad. He can’t get away from it. It’s very hard seeing him this way.”
“Sad, not mad?’
“At your father? No, Nita. After how I hurt him, how could I be mad at him? There are plenty of times when I think of what’s going on inside of me and I’m disgusted. I’m revulsed. I find it abhorrent.”
As she said “abhorrent” Bett slapped her leg in emphasis.
“C’mon, Mom. Don’t do that to yourself. Fight the disease. Don’t fight yourself. Let’s forget this stuff for now.”
Nita stretched forward to pull the health care form away from its place in front of Bett.
“Let’s get out of here. Let’s drive over to Narragansett, to the Pier or the lighthouse to watch some waves. C’mon, I’ll buy us some lunch. I’ll…”
Nita caught her mother’s look.
“Don’t worry, we don’t have to get out of the car, and you don’t have to eat anything. Let’s just get out of here for awhile. Let’s go fill up on water and big waves.”
Bett nodded. She looked at her leg and whispered “stupid” before she used her hands to push herself up from the kitchen chair.

* * *

That night Nita closely watched her father during dinner and, afterward, as they sat through the MacNeil-Lehrer report and a National Geographic special on endangered species. It soon became obvious to Nita that her father was very agitated. His eyes would not fix. They jumped from face to furniture to fantasy without finding anyplace to safely light. His body was pulled in as if he feared a sudden punch to the stomach. Although he sat on the same couch with Bett, he didn’t sit close nor stay in place long. Nita counted seven trips—to the bathroom, to the kitchen for a glass of water, back for a handful of raisins, to start tea water, and again to make the tea, to let Queenie out for a run and ten minutes later to let her in again—during two hours of television.
Nita purposefully had chosen the leather armchair because it would allow her to watch the TV screen while still being able to study her father; however she found that almost every time she shifted her gaze to him, he noticed her attention immediately. She guessed he must be anticipating her querying, if not accusatory, looks.
In bed, unable to sleep, restless from two days of not working, Nita reviewed her mother’s conversation and her own observations of her father’s behavior. After careful analysis led her to the decision that her own observations upheld her mother’s conclusions, Nita threw out that conclusion on the technicality that her mother’s conversation had prejudiced her own ability to observe and judge impartially. In the hour of agitation which followed, the daughter wondered if her father were awake two doors down the hall. She strained to hear a door opening and the creak the stairs seemed to make only at night. She tried to feel what her father was feeling. When she pared it down to just her father with her mother, it was hard to imagine anything other than a casual intertwining, a nocturnal sharing of sheets and heat and air. It was easy to imagine an unconscious sharing within their sleeps. The thought of the goodness that must go on between them in sleep was so strong it made her clench her teeth. She had never slept with anyone long enough, or with enough trust and assurance, that some part of her did not maintain a night-long vigil against betrayal from within the small confines of their redoubt.
Would she ever have a simple intertwining? She had come close to talking to her mother about Dan Herlick. She shook her head in the dark. Even though they had been in bed together, she did not think of him as Dan. It was always Dan Herlick. She wasn’t even sure that she liked him. In fact, there was much about him that she should dislike. He made a liquid noise as he ate as his asthma forced him to breathe through his mouth. He pushed his pants down below a growing stomach. He was… not exactly ill-prepared…but chronically disorganized. He was pompous during business. She wasn’t sure she trusted someone who changed from day to night.
Nita stopped herself. How did she know that the father she saw at home was the same person who worked at the bank? Didn’t she pretend to a competency that she didn’t always feel? Maybe part of her problem was that she didn’t separate day from night enough. How much did she unnecessarily burden herself by expecting that competency, forthrightness, orderliness and rationality should be as rewarded by love as they were by the law? How did she thwart her desire for love by bringing her cold skills of analysis to her bed?
There was no rational reason to like Dan Herlick. He was not as bright as she. Nor as attractive. Nor hardworking. Nor as professional.
Nita forced herself to pause again.
This was not new thinking. This was a rut well-worn. She had counted and compared their qualities scores of times. It was stupid. It was unfair. She wasn’t looking for a law partner.
Or was she? She seemed to be. She seemed to assume that a good lawyer would make a good mate. She tried to push the old thinking, as slick and supple as old silk, from her mind.
Start over. Again.
Dan Herlick.
She had dissected him to find weaknesses and had found many. More than enough to have cause to push him from her life. But she hadn’t. She hadn’t pushed him away, but neither had she let him in. Like a true lawyer, she had made him wait. She’d kept him on the stoop. Sat him in the foyer. Put him on hold. Continuance after continuance while she researched and analyzed, considered and came to no conclusion.
There was little obvious to like about Dan Herlick. Yet, he remained in her brain. There was something of him which had insinuated itself into her. Something that couldn’t be easily dismissed, or ignored. He didn’t hide his heart. From what she herself did and from what she saw of others, especially those alone who had passed into their thirties and beyond, that was an irrational, but amazingly ingratiating, thing to do. It was one of the things that had made her parents’ marriage so attractive to Nita. They had always been open with one another. Had that really changed? Was her mother right?
Nita rolled over and enshrouded herself in her sheets. She wished her thoughts would stop pushing their jagged edges through her head. She tried to focus her attention onto her breathing. She worked to find a rhythm to her lungs which would allow a flow of calm to arms and legs and brain.
Within minutes Nita had stopped thinking of her lungs.
There couldn’t be anything wrong. How, after more than forty years of marriage, could something go wrong? What enormity could make a change in such constancy?
Nita made herself think of her mother as just her mother, as nothing less and, more importantly, as nothing more. Her mother’s fears must be wrong. Two doors down her father must be asleep, brought to that rest by his own temporary, nocturnal contentment and the unconscious comfort that her mother gave. Nita tried to hold onto those thoughts, but they wriggled from her grasp. She thought of Bett and, following her mother’s pronoun lead, that so the bed two doors down had three occupants rather than two. She found herself clenching her teeth again, but this time it was against the roiling in her stomach. She let herself go. She let herself think like her mother suggested her father was thinking.
She imagined the cancer in bed with her. She conjured up a pulsing knot of moon-green glowworms inside her thigh. After placing the knot midway between her knee and hip she drove it down into her bone. It wouldn’t stay. Her imagination couldn’t quite get it inside the cold white calcium corridor of her bone. She brought it out and wrapped it around her femur so that it resembled maggots on a chicken leg. With the lightest of touches she brought her fingertips to the blanket-warmed skin of her thigh. Tentatively, she pressed against her skin. She saw the slithery knot respond to the intrusion of her fingers by shifting to an ovoid shape which stretched itself out along a greater length of bone. She lifted her leg against the weight of the covers. Using both hands she encircled her thigh above the writhing knot and slid the noose of her fingers down her leg. The snarl of squirming life exploded into flight and escaped into her flesh like roaches into counter cracks.
Nita struggled against the grasp of the twisted sheets to vomit into the wastebasket she desperately pulled from underneath the nightstand. She was revolted. By her vomit. By the nest of worms she had put inside her skin. By her legal tricks and games to gain the truth. And also, as her father, by that which was growing in her mother’s leg.
Cancer.
She had dreamed of cancer for almost twenty years. Other teen girls dreamed of boys while she dreamed of cells. She had spent so many nights awake, lying still, listening for the sound of a small explosion as her cells burst their bounds. A wave of pain would splash through her insides. The pain would rise and swell and break inside her and when it receded she would see the cancer’s dirty spume coat the path where the pain had been. For years she had waited and waited knowing that this wave, this crest, or if not this, then, certainly the next would be the one that would wash away her life. The pain would grow and grow inside her guts and bring death so close she couldn’t scream. The wet weighted felt of death—smooth, seamless, soft—would wrap round her. Its oppressive weight would hold her fast. Breathless, voiceless, she would twist and thrash to avoid suffocation. Night fears of death had been Nita’s constant implacable companion.
Nita held herself very still. Another second’s thought and all the fear that had tracked her nights for years would come roaring back. She tried to curve her thoughts away from herself and back to Dan Herlick.
How thick-skinned he must be. Rebuff. Rebuff. He brushed them off. He pushed past her dismissals. Thick-skinned for himself, but thin for her. That day he had seen the quickest flick of pain upon her face and helped her to her car. Once, no, both nights they had spent in bed he had known just when things went bad. So big. So florid faced. Features sculpted from thick dough. That belly. Not soft, not hard. Weighty. All this mass of man. With features so blunted, so fleshy, it was hard to say just where one stopped and another began. Where were the metes and bounds of nose or lips? A blunt, soft-edged lump. Fingers as thick as votive candles. Bringing their flickering fire. Cream-pink freckled arms whose weight made the bed frame groan when they wrapped themselves around her. All blunt. So much soft-edged mass.
Until he had begun to touch her. Then it seemed his fingers tapered to the most precise of paintbrush points. The brush of his arm across her breasts had been so light it was more heat than touch.
An hour in the dark with his fine touch and she had chiseled him to a Giacometti man.
She had held to that as he rolled on top. They were the same. A match in mass. He had entered her and she had ridden that thought. Equals. Equals. E——quals. E——quals. A two-note song. All percussion. He had slid away on the first note and back on the second. E——quals. E——quals. Balanced so precisely in the night. Then one of them, she, had changed the rhythm. More.
She had wanted more from her. She had wanted to give past the barrier where her giving always stopped. More. He had felt the change and thought it was meant for him. More. He had given more.
More. More.
More.
She had felt his steady beat become a hammering. More she told herself. She had opened herself to his pulse.
E-quals. E-quals. A match in mass.
She had pushed harder. Hammering became battering. Despite her holding tight, e-qual e-qual had slipped away. She had slid down inside herself. To shiny-surfaced oysters pounded with a club. To okra pods being pummeled. To slick red cells bursting open. Pinocytotic vesicles bursting open. Nucleolonema ooozing through. She had tried to twist away. It was over. It was safe. Sing. Sing. E——quals. Equals. But she couldn’t get the notes to come. Fear’s black vacuum stopped all sound. Pain sprang up out of her womb and raced to wrap its wet felt around her face. She had tried to twist away. To escape. But, Dan Herlick’s weight had held her. Cancer was coming and she couldn’t move. The blunted mass of man, squamous man, held her pinioned to her fear.
She had screamed no, no, no.
Immediately, the pounding stopped. The weight was gone. The only sounds were her sobs and the slightest sibilance of his shushing. He hadn’t asked her why. She hadn’t offered. Not that first time and not the next. Would she on the third? Would there be a third?
Cancer. Cancer. A wilding of the cells.
The sharp acid smell of her vomit came to Nita. Would old thoughts ever leave? If the wonder of a two-note song couldn’t crowd them out, what could? The worst of thoughts took hold in Nita, burrowed deep and held on tight.
Now, Nita was sure her father was awake sharing her thoughts. Although it hurt to believe he had the same kind of thoughts that she had been imagining, she knew it must be true. He, too, had lain awake nights sickening himself.
Nita willed her father to leave his bed. She wanted to look into eyes, flat-gazed but wide-open, dry and bitter as her own, to find some forgiveness in them that she could absorb and filter and return in kind.
Almost an hour later, Nita heard a stirring. She lay still for a moment before switching on the bedside lamp. Blinded, she shuffled herself into her robe. She started to use the wastebasket as her visa to join her father, but she set it down quietly by the door before entering the darkened hall.
Nita had just arranged the comforter around her on the couch when she heard a weight on the stairs.
“Hi, Dad.”
“No rest for the wicked?”
“Is that it?”
“I think maybe it was just too much dessert. I sometimes have these waves of doubt. Dilly may be right.”
“About?”
“Our sins of the flesh. I’d be better off finishing dinner with a big bowl of broccoli.”
“With caramel sauce?”
“Without.”
Nita had felt her skin galvanize when her father said “wicked,” “waves of doubt,” and “flesh.” After several minutes of dull banter as Neil set up the space heater, poured himself a drink and, after a glance, received a nod from Nita to do the same for her, they stared listlessly at one another.
Each in his bed had wanted to be with the other, but, now, both felt the strain. Being together in the middle of the night predicated an intimacy, but the strain of sleeplessness forestalled the connection by hampering thought and speech. The words they spoke were flat and when not flat were mis-emphasized. Nita thought that it was as if they were reading through a play for the first time. Words were correctly pronounced, but the knowledge of the emotions underlying the words was missing. Each wanted to be warm and understanding, to share a sad but intimate moment, but the weight of their betrayal of Bett and their best selves kept each feeling separate and alone, unworthy of warmth or understanding.
The silence between father and daughter lengthened until it grew into accusation and that indictment compelled Nita to do what she had wanted to do as she lay in bed thinking.
“Mom says you’ve had a hard time sleeping lately.”
“Did she? Once in awhile I find myself down here keeping the watch.”
“Know why?”
Neil smiled a tight smile at his daughter.
“Fifth amendment. Self-incrimination.”
“Am I doing a Dilly?”
“Maybe a pale one. I’m not sleeping because I’m wide awake. Is that too pat? Is there always an answer for why we do something?”
“The law demands it.”
“I don’t. I’m up because I’m up. Dilly would look at my diet and guess gas. Lise might guess the phase of the moon or a change in my circadian rhythms. A plumber might hazard a gurgle in the pipes is doing it. An allergist might guess that it’s Queenie or too many wool blankets or winter’s closed windows. Kenyon might guess that he’s the cause. And most of the people of this glorious state might guess that it’s guilt from my crime that keeps me sleepless.”
The last was said bitterly and, for Nita, it was a strange tone to hear coming from her father.
“How is work?”
“It’s good to be open again, but there are a lot of bad loans out there. Because we have always been so conservative, we’ve got a lot less than almost any other bank, but we still have more than we want. I just started the foreclosure papers on a fellow I’ve known since we moved to Rhode Island. We have helped him to grow two good businesses. He came to us for a big loan on a house. We didn’t know it then, but it looks now as though the house was supposed to be the glue to hold together his marriage. It’s a huge house. A new Victorian. Porches and turrets and twelve foot tin ceilings. Sometime in the middle of construction his marriage blew up. Both businesses went soft. Not bad. Just soft. He’s carrying so much debt on the house that in a month he won’t have any equity left in it. We’re going to end up owning it and it’s not even finished. There is four hundred thousand in it and it will take another hundred to finish it. We’ll have to eat part of the loan. What’s worse is that when times turn around, he won’t come back to us to expand his business. Too much pride. We swallow a bad house loan and then lose a good commercial client.”
“Is there anything you can do for him?”
“We’ve already done it. We actually have given him more time to sell it than we should have. I figure housing prices are dropping at least a percent a month. Most owners can’t believe that so they price themselves too high and then follow the curve down, but they’re always just higher than what the market price is. They get the pain of the loss, the expense of the carrying costs and the depression of the no sale. We’ve allowed him almost a year more than we probably should have. Twelve percent of a half million is sixty thousand. That’s a lot of good will.”
Without looking at her father, Nita asked again, “How’s work? With you? The money thing?”
Neil didn’t answer.
“Dad, it might help to talk.”
Neil shook his head.
“Not now.”
“Okay. That’s okay. I can understand. I just want you to know I love you and admire you and know you didn’t do anything wrong.
“Thanks, Nita. There are times I have my doubts.”
“Don’t. Just remember it can be tough being a good banker and a good person.”
“Tougher than being a good lawyer and a good person?”
Nita’s laugh was forced, “That’s not always easy.”
“I know. Just being a good person can be a brutal job.”
“Lots of doubts and indecisions.”
Neil caught Nita’s eyes and held his stare. In a soft tired voice he said, “And sleepless nights.”
Each knew they had reached the point which had drawn them from their beds. Each waited for the other to begin. After a moment of silence broken only by the hum of the space heater and the distant rattle of Queenie’s tags as she turned in her sleep, Nita lifted her glass and waggled it. She yawned loudly.
“Not so sleepless now.”
Neil added his yawn to hers.
They waited quietly for another minute before Neil reached down to turn off the heater.
“It’s late.”
Back in their respective beds both father and daughter lay awake for a considerable time reworking their conversation to obtain a more satisfactory ending. In the morning neither alluded to their meeting.

* * *

Most of the rest of her visit Nita spent alone with Bett. Neil had to go in to work for several hours on both Saturday and Sunday. Mother and daughter puttered around the house, worked in the plant room, took a long drive each day and spent time at the beach, either walking very slowly along the hard-packed sand at the water’s edge, or else just staring at the froth line of the never-ending waves while being warmed by the dry heat of the car. The talking between the two of them was as careful to skirt danger as the brightly-suited winter surfers they watched. Each night news of the progress of the civil uprisings in the north and south of Iraq was a welcome respite. The war’s aftermath helped to fill in the empty spots between those conversations built on memories and the others built on speculation about other family members. It was only in the plant room that their talk seemed to have any merit in and of itself rather than as a substitute for more painful issues. In that room the talk was of plants, of flowers and vegetables, display and cutting gardens.
Nita found herself using thoughts of the orderly miracles taking place in the nursery as an antidote for the feelings of fear and disgust which brushed against her like an insistent cat throughout the day and bound up her thinking like a winding cloth during the unending hours of the night. The relief the plants brought encouraged her to bring the conversation back and back again to gardening. Talk of gardening felt safe.
“Mom, what’s the best part of gardening for you?”
Bett pushed three more snapdragon seeds into their homes before she spoke.
“I think the best part is that I’m not very good at it.”
“What a strange thing to say. What do you mean?”
“Just that.”
“You’ve always had wonderful gardens. I can’t think of you without thinking of bushels of vegetables and baskets of flowers. You’ve always grown beautiful things.”
“That has been more the plants’ choice than anything I’ve done. I kind of bumble along. I try to help a little. I spread a little manure and pinch and prune, but I’m really not much of a gardener. Opa, now he was a gardener. He could look at a piece of ground, a meadow or a corner of a yard, and see what it could be. I can remember walking The Chimneys with him and he would describe what was there and why and what he would plant and why if he were to choose to cultivate it. Most people know something about planting. They know impatiens like shade and sunflowers like sun. They know grass likes sweet soil so each spring they spread a couple of bags of lime. If they’re more interested, they learn the differences among the varieties of a flower, dahlias, glads or, especially, roses. If they want more than that they learn to consider the relationships among color and height and timing and sunlight and water and type of soil. Your grandfather could do all that, but somehow he could do much more. He could envision a garden two years from where it was. He could see that the comfrey was going to crowd the bee balm. He knew the gray of the comfrey leaf looked wonderful with its purple flower, but later, when it had gone by and there was nothing but big gray, fuzzy leaves, he knew that that was going to clash with the delicate wisps of the bee balm blossoms. Me, I learn after the fact and have to move the bee balm. He would know what things were going to look like before anything was even planted. He could take a glance and understand the flow of the spring rains on a piece of land. He’d look at the weeds and be able to say that this spot was loamy and that spot over there sandy. Sweet here. Sour there.
“I can remember one time we spent most of an afternoon moving wheelbarrow after wheelbarrow of mint plants. Do you remember the old stone steps that led down the embankment to the river?”
“Yes.”
“The slopes on both sides of those steps used to be filled with mint. Being close to the house someone was always running down there to get a handful for iced tea or to steam with fresh peas or put in carrot salad.
“That day we took out masses of mint, making sure that we checker-boarded our shovelfuls so there’d be no erosion. We filled up the wheelbarrow three or four times, pushed it up the hill. Remember how steep it was? When I was little, even later, I used to roll down that hill in the summer after it was mown until I was so dizzy I couldn’t stand. Covered in sweet grass and stained with green and absolutely dotty. We pushed the wheelbarrow up the hill and across the yard, down to the end of the fence, along the road to the lane, then down the lane, past the vegetable gardens to a spot where the lane met a spit of uncleared land. That spit was on the left. There was a field, usually in timothy, to the right and a small field straight ahead where Opa let a crazy neighbor, Carl Feiderspier, keep some horses. No one ever rode those horses. They drank from a stream at the back of the field, ate the weeds and volunteer timothy, and, occasionally someone, probably Opa, would give them a new salt lick. They must have been good horses at one time because they’d always come up to the fence when anyone showed up.”
Bett stopped picking through a small pile of seeds trying to find the fattest ones.
“Do you remember where that was?”
“No, not really. We weren’t there that many times. Maybe vaguely.”
“Well, off to the left, on the uncleared part, the woods thinned out and where there was enough light there were patches of wild strawberries.”
“Now, I remember. You took us there and we picked those little berries.”
“Well, that’s where we hauled all that mint. We planted mint in a big border around the berries and put some in between the patches and also along the fence where the horses were.
“When I asked Opa why we were moving all that mint he said that it was an experiment. He had noticed there weren’t so many flies around when we drank iced tea. He had thought maybe it had something to do with the mint. He had started drinking lemonade with mint. Nothing draws more flies than real lemonade. And he thought putting the mint in the lemonade worked.”
“That’s why we always drink lemonade with mint?”
“Yes.”
“We’re the only people I’ve ever seen do it.”
“We hold the patent. What’s the phrase?”
“Intellectual property?”
“Yes. One of Opa’s many legacies.”
“But why in the field?”
“He, we, all of us loved wild strawberries. The most wonderful perfume in the world. But tedious picking. Down on your hands and knees. Remember? It takes forever to pick a quart. That’s if you don’t eat any—which is very hard to do. The flies from the horses would soon find us and then it would become a battle of speed and will. Did the flies want us more than we wanted the strawberries? Were our hands faster than their wings?”
“Did the mint work?”
“Yes, it did. You could pick until your knees gave out. Opa was very observant. He saw things and remembered them. He saw the vegetables and what was necessary to nurture them, but he also saw the other pieces of the puzzle—the weeds and pests, molds and rust and what was necessary to support those things, too. In Indiana they used to say that a weed was anything that grew easily and a crop was anything that didn’t. Opa didn’t believe that. He saw everything struggling. Some he helped and some he tried to hinder. He was an amazing man.”
“Who taught an amazing woman.”
“Not much. Not enough.”
“It seems like more than enough.”
“I’m a good weeder. Strong back and knees, enough songs to hum to keep content. I like the dirt. The smell and feel. I love seeing the colors come. I can be patient and wait—a year for rhubarb, a couple for asparagus, or a lifetime for wisteria or for that stubborn grapefruit that I grew from seed that likes to leaf but never flowers or fruits. I love all those things, but I’m not a natural. I learn something, or read something, and then forget. Every year I get so caught up in the fuchsias’ blooms I forget to pinch the seed pods. Then it’s July and the plant wants to call it quits. I never quite remember the sequence of births in the spring and death in the fall. Does the sumac bud before the maple? Both are late, I know that. But, which is later? Will the coral bells beat the columbine? I forget. Always have. Opa never did. One other big difference. The bugs.”
“I know you’re squeamish.”
“Certain ones I just hate. Not hate. What I hate is how I feel. They revolt me. Japanese beetles, cut worms, potato bugs, slugs and borers, earwigs—I shiver just thinking about them. Ooohhhh. Opa thought of them as just another piece of the puzzle. Something natural. Something interesting.”
“Mom, they’re not that interesting to me, either.”
“Lise is like Opa. She’s not put off. She’s wonder-filled.”
“Lise is Lise. I’m still amazed at what you know and what that knowledge leads to. I’m really enjoying being out here with you. Look at these.”
Nita splayed her hands.
“It’s been twenty years since I’ve had nails this dirty. Why are you smiling?”
“I don’t know. Maybe I shouldn’t be, but it’s hard for me to think of potting soil, sand, peat and vermiculite as something dirty.”
“Give a novice a chance. I’m sure my manicurist will think it’s dirt and probably be horrified, or, maybe, in awe.”
“Nita, if you like, you should take some of these flats home with you.”
Nita laughed nervously.
“That’s a little radical, Mom. I can barely figure out how and when to feed and water myself.”
“Well, think about it. When are you going?”
“I want to be home before nine.”
“Why so early?”
“That’s a lawyer’s trick. Home in the generic sense. I need to go by the office to do a few things to get ready for the week.”
“Nita, it’s been very nice having you here. I know how hard it is for you to get away. I’m grateful you’ve taken these days.”
“Me, too, Mom. It’s been terrific having you to myself.”
“I don’t think it’s quite been me.”
“I hadn’t noticed.”
Each paused. Nita wanted to talk about Dan Herlick. Instead she asked, “What are you going to do with the health care forms?”
“I want to talk to Dr. Eberd to find out what could happen. After I understand all the possibilities I’ll try to figure out what I want to do. I’ve decided I’m going to use Ellen and one of her sons as my witnesses. Then, I’ll send it to you.”
“It should be pretty simple, but I’ll be happy to check it for you.”
“To you as my agent.”
“Mother, no, why?”
All the inner weight of Nita’s body began sliding toward her feet. She could feel herself hollowing out. It reminded her of the first time that she had stood in court and heard a judge take away the parental rights of an alcoholic mother whom she was representing.
“I’ve thought a lot about this, honey. I want you to be my agent. If you can do that.”
“But why me, Mom?” Why not…?”
Nita thought of her late night rendezvous with her father.
“Not your father. We’ve talked about that. It’d be too hard on him. If he had to make a decision, he’d second guess himself that he had made it for his own interest rather than mine. He’d be afraid he’d would do something because of the revulsion, and, because of that fear on his part, I’m afraid he might keep me hanging on when I should be let go.”
“This is very hard to hear. You don’t know that you’re that bad.”
“No, I don’t. But you’re the lawyer—a responsible citizen gets his affairs in order. You get twenty year old parents to write out their wills. Contingencies.”
“Why not Pete?”
“He’s too soft.”
Nita’s face changed.
“Honey, I’m sorry, but you’re asking. Plus, he’s just been through so much. It’s not that you’re hard; it’s that you’re stronger. If something had to be done, I think you could do it, and, more importantly, do it and then quickly recover from the decision. Peter couldn’t. Dilly certainly couldn’t. Your father couldn’t. Lise could. In many ways, Lise would be my first choice. For the reasons we were just talking about—when I said she was like Opa. The scientist part of her would be a good reason to choose her, but her being the youngest is why I’m not. It would make it too hard for her, especially with Dilly.
“Nita, we’ve been through a lot together. In some ways, and sickness is certainly one of them, we’re closer because of that. I respect your judgment and I firmly believe you have the strength to carry out my wishes and the strength to recover if they’re painful to carry out. I hope you’ll say yes.”

* * *

Neil got home just before the early dinner, an equal effort between mother and daughter, was ready. He was hearty. He joked with Nita and caught her eye. The memory of their late night get-together did not seem to muddy up his gaze as Nita felt it did hers. She had thought there might be a moment made by one of them to get together in a hidden corner to share, in one simple declarative sentence, the weighty secret each was holding. She wanted to give up her burden, now made even heavier by her mother’s request, to her father. She thought that if he could take hers and she could shoulder his, then, in the exchange, each would be made lighter. However, despite moving about and hovering in the hallways and making several announced trips to load her car of no great amount of luggage, Nita failed to rendezvous with her father.
After dinner, after her coat was on, and after hugs and promises had been made, Nita agreed to take several flats of seeds home with her. The tyro gardener’s anxious questions were dismissed by Bett with a stiff-shouldered sweep of her arm.
“Just keep them warm and moist, they’ll be fine.”
As she drove north through a night so dark that the work of spring could not be seen, Nita, like some fretful puppy with a bone, gnawed at the same images over and over again. The power of attorney. An ivory-colored, clean-nailed hand turning the black knob on a silvery, stainless steel machine. A nest of glowworms writhing. Her father. Father and daughter, turncoats, holding hands and holding tight onto the railing of a small boat, holding out against the nausea as the boat rose and rose before dropping back under the swells of an oily green sea. The hurting hardness of a blunt-featured unexpectedly gentle man. Buried in the dark on the floor beside Nita, seeds’ hardnesses turning soft and doubling and doubling and doubling and doubling in exponential hope of breaking through to light.
Nita stopped at her office. At the reception desk, the black plastic message holder was stuffed with dozens of pieces of paper. She started to go through them, but after a few minutes she walked down the corridor to her unlighted office and dropped the unread messages onto her desk. She worried that the car might become too cold for the new growth she was transplanting to her home.



Chapter 25


Dilly let her head fall forward. The hot sting of the shower began to melt the knots in her neck muscles. Slowly her head dropped lower as muscles were stretched free from stress and the tightness from a day of yard work. Like a cat working itself against a chair rung, she twisted her spine to push her shoulder blades up under the scalding jet. After many minutes of being pummeled by spray she began the breast exam she had started to give herself during each shower. Dilly pushed against her pink sodden flesh with the flattened surface of her straightened fingers. She rubbed and patted and probed. She lifted each sac and rolled the soapy flesh between her inquisitive fingers. With her eyes squeezed tight, Dilly concentrated on seeing inside her skin to learn if there had been any betrayal in the last twenty-four hours.
After her shower was finished, Dilly stood in the fog of the bathroom doing things long absent from her nighttime ritual. She plucked three short brown hairs from the bridge of her nose. She rubbed a drop of cologne into each armpit. She toweled her short thick curls until they were dry. She took a fingertip of baby oil and rubbed it between her labia. After putting on her best nightgown and just before she left the room she rubbed and pinched her nipples until they were erect.
The light from the lamp on Bill’s nightstand was too low and too yellow to tell whether he did much more than glance at her.
“A little quiet’s nice, huh?”
“Mmmmmm.”
Bill dropped his head back toward the black binder that was open on his lap. Dilly sat down in front of her dressing table and began to brush her hair.
“Spring takes so much energy. Of all the seasons, I think it takes the most. What’s amazing is that every fall I always think that we’ve done a good job of putting the yard to bed and every spring I find a million things that need doing. The bittersweet terrifies me. We’re going to wake up one day and not be able to get out of the house. Like Briar Rose. Do you think we should have something done?”
Dilly’s inflection raised Bill’s head.
“What?”
“I’m babbling. You’re working and, as usual, I’m babbling.”
Bill used a hand holding a red pen to brush off her remarks.
“No. What’d you ask?”
“Are you worried about the bittersweet?”
“I hadn’t thought about it.”
“I’m afraid we’re going to lose some trees.”
“It’s not really that bad, is it?”
Dilly wanted to tell her husband to look up and look around. In the first years of their marriage Bill and Dilly had spent much of their free time planning and working together on home projects. But, as Bill advanced in his career, he tended to take more and more time for work away from the hours they had used to share.
This day, a late April Sunday, Bill had gone to the office early in the morning. Lunch was over before he had returned. In the afternoon—an afternoon of high floating clouds and zigzagging insects still drunk from a winter’s sleep—Bill had stayed seated before the computer. As Dilly raked the mocha icing of rotting autumn leaves from the dark brown dirt around the base of bushes, as she groaned to push filled wheelbarrows across the lumpy yard, as she lopped at dangling branches and unwove the web of bittersweet from its prey, she would look toward the window where Bill was working to see the submarine green of his pulsing screen. It seemed to Dilly that, unlike what was going on around her in the yard, that it had been much longer than a winter since Bill had surfaced from his self-containment.
Work, work, work.
Dilly was sure that Bill used it to insulate himself from the world around him. Golf was negotiable. Television and fishing, football and drinking, all of these things that men used to separate themselves from women were discussable. But, work was not. Work was inviolable. It shielded and protected and prevented. It gave Bill the separation that, she suspected, he wanted. It gave him the most selfish of rewards—distance within a family—while providing him with the most unselfish of excuses—the work was done for them.
Dilly, too, knew the righteous feeling of self-serving self-sacrifice. She was not so deluded that she couldn’t imagine Bill looking up from his screen and out the window and thinking the same thoughts of her. She knew she should use that ironic sharing to gentle her thoughts, but she chose not to. Instead, as she cut brush and hauled her loads to the midden hidden at the back of the yard, she used the similarity of their behaviors to try to become angry.
Bill was selfish. He was blind to the loneliness which overwhelmed her every day at the moment the house emptied. He chose to ignore her growing fear that her life’s ebbing had turned torrential. He was stoical against her inveigling they have a fourth child. He was becoming so cold and so hard that the brushings of each life against the other brought neither the warmth of love nor even the heat of anger. They had gone from the smooth exciting rubbings of new love to the often angry friction of raising a family to disconnection. Separation.
Dilly’s fierce brushing began to make her scalp hurt.
“How’s your work? Did you make some progress today?”
“Yes, I did. But I still have a long way to go.”
“What is it?”
“The environmental specs on the modular co-generation plants we want to sell to hospitals and small manufacturers.”
“Could that be big?”
“Very big. A lot of places could make money with this.”
“How’s that?”
“It depends on the business, but if there’s enough waste to burn they can end up with more electricity than they can use. They sell the overage to the utility. “
“What if the utilities don’t want to buy it?”
“They have to buy it. By law.”
“Really?”
When Bill looked at Dilly with the same look that he gave to Roger when Roger asked an inane question, she felt the same way she had on their early dates. She grew flustered. She needed to keep things moving smoothly.
“When do you need to have it done?”
“About two months ago. Everybody dogs it. Like they think time has an on/off switch that they can flip when they want. Then suddenly everybody is very alert because some vice president has gone crazy and left blood where there once was an engineer. It’s the same old problem. An engineer’s an engineer, but, if he’s any good, then, in their wisdom, they make him a project manager. But no one wants to remember that if the guy had had any people skills in the first place, he probably wouldn’t have become an engineer. Most engineers are the kind of guys that couldn’t get out on the dance floor in high school. Why would anybody think that just because ten or fifteen years have gone by they would have learned how to dance? They take a good engineer and either make him a manager or push him into sales. But either way they never issue him any tools. No one ever wants to train anyone.”
Dilly had heard this speech of Bill’s many times before. It was delivered to family and in-laws at almost every holiday gathering. He almost always gave it on those occasions when they were invited to have dinner with people who weren’t engineers. And he frequently gave it to her and the kids at the kitchen table when he was feeling dissatisfied, which, lately, was often. Having heard it so many times, Dilly knew that Bill was on the verge of exploding in righteous anger over the difficulties he had had in getting the firm to pay for his MBA courses.
“They’ll train a guy in hydrostatics or circuitry or PV theory, but cut him loose when it comes to marketing or motivation.”
“But if you keep working the way you do, someday…”
Dilly read Bill’s look and corrected herself.
“…someday soon, you’ll be in a position to change that.”
Bill’s face was painted with the fierce disinterest of a young boy left unchosen for a schoolyard team. Dilly put her hairbrush down, inhaled deeply, held it and tried to will her breasts to rise and her nipples to harden.
“Do you want me to rub your neck?”
Bill was leery. Over the last months the most uncomfortable moments of the day had been those at bedtime. The tension of work, the after-images of too much sugar or caffeine, the well-worn, over-written, over-wrought palimpsests of parenthood, but most of all, the ever-present and unresolved issue of whether to have another child would be carried into their bedroom, and, unlike dirt and grease and plaque, those physical prices of a day, not be shed before they entered their bed. The herbal smell of smooth-oiled cheeks and the menthol sharpness of clean breath would be fouled by the untended accumulation of their thoughts.
There had been many nights when Bill had looked down at Dilly, flat on her back under the tautly tucked covers, and looked to the empty space on his side of the bed and wondered how there could possibly be enough room for his anger-swollen, regret-filled body. He would insinuate himself inside the tight seal of the covers and slide down along the edge of the mattress before lying rigid and afraid that at any moment all of these things, these remembered and unforgiven hurts and fears and slights, all of these cumbersome feelings, as large and as intractable as cheap foam bolsters, that all of this baggage that they had brought to what once had been their sanctuary, that all these things would break free, overwhelm and push him from their bed.
There also had been nights, rare nights, when there had been a lightning strike’s moment when he knew there must be some word, some small incantation, which if he could but say it would clear their bed of all else but an unencumbered, history-less, memory-less them. But, though recognizing the moment, he never was quite sure what the word was, nor its precise and correct pronunciation and, as a result, he chose to remain mute, to hold tight to his small space, to try to sleep his familiar, vulnerable vertiginous sleep.
Did he want his neck rubbed? What had Molly Bloom said through the rolling bass of Professor Mahaney’s voice in a small classroom almost twenty years ago? Yes and yes and yes and yes. Yes he wanted his neck rubbed and, yes, small warm kisses brushed onto his hair and, yes, a foal’s nip of lip along the tingling ridge of an ear. Yes, he wanted the weight of her wanting sitting heavy on his chest. Yes, he wanted the mass of her breasts swung over him, a double pendulum, slowly swinging in an endless time of their own making. Yes, he wanted the mindlessness of their early couplings when they still had had the wisdom to shuck off the day with the abandon with which they had shed their clothes. Yes, he wanted that naked warmth and wisdom back, but somehow he knew that he was no longer deft enough to strip himself of all the encumbrances. He could get undressed, but he was long past the point of getting naked for his mate.
“No, no thanks. That’s okay.”
As he said no Bill shook his head in harmony then let that movement segue into a rolling back and forth, a rotating of his tired head upon its stiffened neck.
Dilly drew close with her hands extended so that in her white gown she resembled a faith healer going down into her congregation.
“No. That’s okay.”
“Sssshhhh.”
In seconds her fingers found the knots of muscles and Dilly began the careful kneading that untied them. Later, in fake fever, she found another part which, with frantic kneading, she knotted into desire. After Bill had come inside her Dilly held her legs tight against one another until the bones on the inside of her knees grew sore. She held Bill’s seed as fiercely as a dog a rat. She held onto her duplicity as triumphantly as a rat his scrap. She lay awake breathing slowly, willing her egg down from its blood dark nest. Her shadowy smile grew as wide as a leer as she listened to the ragged breathing of the cuckolded man who had once been her husband before he had left her for his unending assignation with work and old age.

* * *

Bill Koster-Phelps awoke with a strong sense of unease. He wondered what catalytic process had occurred during sleep to change last night’s feeling of triumph and satiation into such a gnawing worry. Next to him, Dilly was breathing deeply. He realized how rare it was to see his wife’s face in repose. He almost always fell asleep while she continued to read, and it was unusual for him to find her in bed when he awoke. As Bill stared at the relaxed flesh of Dilly’s brow and the slackness of her mouth he recalled times from early in their marriage when he would awake to find her in fitful sleep after having spent part of the night sitting up to relieve an unborn’s crush upon her organs or to tend a squally baby. Back then he would stare at her in the early morning mustard glow of curtained sunlight. With his face half-buried in the warm yeasty dough of his pillow, his half-open eyes would trace the fleshy curves of her face. He would follow the swirl of bright down that began in front of her ears before spreading out along her broad cheeks. He would push his cheek deeper into the pillow so that he might look below her jaw line to the thickening of her neck. He would look at Dilly’s fleshy failings and try to note them with an engineer’s detachment, but on most of those mornings the facts, though noted, would mean nothing. Bill would stare at all the imperfect pieces of the human being asleep next to him and feel a singular sense of well-being. This was his wife. His mate. She who loved him. Mother of their children and nurturer of their love. His wife, his life.
As he stared down Bill wondered at the peacefulness of Dilly’s sleep. All of the turmoil of the last months—her dissatisfaction with an empty house, their arguments over another child, her worries about Bett, her anger about the war, their frequent go-nowhere discussions of money—had become gouged so deeply into her flesh that he had begun to notice the occasional fleck of pink make-up caught in the creases. For some mysterious reason, this morning her flesh bore no trace of the emotional erosion it had suffered. Her forehead was smooth; her eyebrows sat upon their ridges as relaxed as tawny cats draped on a warm porch rail. The long lines which had been cut deep at both sides of her mouth had been shortened and spackled. Bill wanted to credit his efforts in the previous night’s lovemaking with her transformation, but the engineer in him knew enough to be cautious in his claim. In the minutes that he stared at his deep-sleeping wife, Bill’s thoughts grew as taut as his body had been several hours before. Finally, with his own brow deeply creased, Bill eased himself from the bed. Twice during the few steps to the bathroom he turned to stare at his wife as sharply as a novice hiker at a snapping sound in a quiet woods.
During his shower, and while dressing and drinking coffee, and during his disjointed conversation with the whirlwind of his children and his late rising, unapologetic wife and during the drive to work and throughout the day as he studied blueprints and paged through government regulations, Bill’s brow frequently furrowed with the effort of playing and replaying the previous night’s and early morning’s images. Late in the afternoon Bill took ten minutes to study the yellow pages. He made two calls. In the first he learned that only his signature was required on the consent form. In the second he made an appointment with a Dr. Osterin.
As he drove home Bill wondered whether he really had what it took to be a good manager. Had he been outplayed? The closer he got to his home the stronger grew his sense of unease. As he walked toward the back door he tried to look past the thickening evening shadows to see what awaited him. He guessed Dilly would continue her tenderness of the previous night. That would be a clue. Stepping onto the stoop he worried that his decision was tattooed upon his face. He tried to clear his mind of the phone calls so his face would look to be preoccupied with nothing more than work.
Coming inside, Bill thought the house smelled strange. The odor was vaguely familiar but not to be identified. Dilly heard his step as he entered the kitchen. She turned to show him the flesh of her full face and a quick arc of smile before turning back to whatever she was doing at the sink.
“Good day?”
“Busy.”
“Same here. Hungry?”
“Ummmm.”
“Not too long. Running a little late. Got going again in the yard and lost the time.”
With Dilly’s back to him Bill felt free to look around the kitchen to try to identify the source of the smell that continued to tease him.
“Where’re the kids?”
“Where’s Jimmy Hoffa? Spring just doesn’t turn a young man’s fancy”—she twisted her torso to find his eyes with her own—”it turns everyone crazy. It’s been a madhouse since they got home. Oh, the Dodger wants to play baseball.”
“What would it be? T-ball or…”
“It’s T-ball.”
“What do you think?”
Bill was sure that Dilly would say no. If Roger were to become involved in a T-ball league she would get to spend even less time with him except for sitting in the stands. From talk at work, Bill knew that T-ball games were famous for their interminable length. Bill guessed that Dilly would have developed the statistics on injuries and broken them into classes—shoulder, neck, eye, paralysis. The more time Roger spent in a car the greater the risk of being in a wreck. Disfigurement. Death. If he were carpooled, he could be exposed to candy, gum, ice cream, a hot dog, soda. Caries. Diabetes. Cancer. It was obvious to him that T-ball was much too risky for Dilly to allow their son to play.
“Might be good. But…”
Bill knew the “but” was the lock on the door to Roger’s playing.
“But…?”
“Well, he’s got so much energy that he might get frustrated. Baseball’s pretty sedentary. You think it’d keep his interest?”
“It might. Baseball’s hooked a billion other boys.”
“Okay. If you can find him, tell him the news. He’ll be thrilled. A chance to hit something other than his sisters. Twenty minutes more here and dinner’ll be ready.”
Bill nodded to Dilly’s back and made his exit without turning his back to her. Less than an hour later, Bill learned that the unnamable odor had been the smell of baking egg white and sugar. Pie. Strawberry meringue pie. Bill had been as stunned and, immediately afterward, as talkative as any of the kids. Dilly had offered no more explanation for this unique event other than to note that egg whites weren’t all that bad and that life was too short not to be treated once in awhile.
As they got ready for bed Bill worried that Dilly would try to re-enact the events of the night before. He readied several layers of excuses and made himself yawn emphatically three times. As he undid his belt and unzipped his pants he wondered what would happen the following week when he would have to explain, as he climbed into bed wearing new snug-fitting cottons briefs and a bag of ice, that his distrust of her had caused him to have a vasectomy.

* * *

Each night as she prepared herself for bed, Dilly would tell herself that the next morning she would know that her mating had worked. As soon as she awoke, she listened to her body. She touched her breasts to see if any soreness had begun. She searched for the smallest lapping wave of nausea against the side of her stomach. It had taken almost two weeks with the girls, but she had known within days when she became pregnant with Roger. Dilly was sure that she must be pregnant, but each morning she learned that she must be patient for another day for her symptoms to appear.
While daffodil buds filled and more and more birds returned to the cover of the leafing bittersweet, Dilly pushed her thoughts to Christmas and beyond. She would be eight months huge at Christmas. She had never been pregnant at that time of year before. Jessie, Kate and Roger all had been summer babies. Heat rash. Swollen ankles. Slogging more than thirty extra pounds, mostly fluids, almost a quarter of her weight, through the thick, still, water-filled, oxygen-emptied air of late July and August. It had been wonderful. Amidst the throbbing of her lower back and the crushing of her kidneys, she had sewn new ruffles to the canopy of an old bassinet. She had wall-papered the nursery using her belly as a third hand to hold the clean-smelling pasted paper to the wall. She had reveled in the aches of her knees and ankles as she had brushed water-based white enamel along the nursery baseboard. In December there would be so many things vying for her attention. She would need to get her present shopping done early. If she had to pay more because she shopped early, Bill would just have to accept that as one of the necessary accommodations to her condition, no different than staying close to a bathroom to release a thimbleful of urine. There could be ice or snow. She would need to buy shoes with very good traction. If she delivered just three weeks early, she would be in the hospital while the kids were home from school for Christmas vacation. Who would babysit them? Lise? She seemed to call every week.
As Dilly planned her pregnancy, black thoughts dived at her dreams like crows after robins’ eggs. Bill could be gone. She could be left raising three kids with a fourth on the way. A million things could go wrong trying to draw a new baby from an old egg in an old body. What would she do if the amniocentesis or sonogram revealed some terrible flaw? Should she even wait for amnio? Maybe she should have chorionic sampling done. Bett could be dying, needing her while she herself needed her mother. Bett could be crippled. Or dead. Or so could she. She would be thirty-nine before the baby was due. What if something happened to her? What would happen to the kids?
When ravening thoughts tried to destroy her hatching plans Dilly’s rage flew up to defend against them. This was right. It was right for her and, soon, soon after she told him, Bill would know that it was right for them. This baby would take her until she was forty-five. She would know what to do with every day. By the time she was forty-five she would know what to do next. She was sure. But… If she didn’t… At forty-five, Jessie would be eighteen. Eighteen and a long breath and there would be more babies around. And if there just were enough babies around, then being left-handed or cancerous or divorced or strange just wouldn’t matter.
It was right. She knew it. She was no different than anyone else. Or anything else. Fear of death begat life. That, of all things, must be right.

* * *

Bill continued to rehearse his lines. He was sure the nurse, who kept poking her head in and out of the waiting room door, was going to begin a conversation which would call for using the lines that he had been piecing together in spare moments since he first had made the appointment with Dr. Osterin. Sitting in the doctor’s office, going over his excuses for why his wife was not with him, gave him the same feeling of oppressive heat that had overwhelmed him once in third grade as he had sat in a chair outside Principal Raymond’s office waiting to explain how Ralph Tingel’s steel ruler had ended up in his book-bag.
Bill’s rehearsal stopped when, once more enjoining his attention, his fears demanded that they wanted to imagine the operation just once more. He could remember that several other men at work had had it done, but, at the moment, he couldn’t remember who they were. At the time, standing by the print machine or on the way to the elevators, it hadn’t been so relevant. It was no different than hearing someone had bought a new car. He wouldn’t expect himself to remember the details of that either, unless he were getting ready to buy one, too.
“Mr. Phelps? This way, please.”
Normally seeing such a round bottom so tightly encased in a white nylon skirt, set so high upon white nylon-hosed legs, with all of the nylon making the sound of a short zipper being opened and closed, would have caused some kind of stirring in Bill, but not today. Today, the cicada sound of the nurse’s legs as they led him down a pale brown corridor disoriented him.
“In here, please. Please remove all of your clothes and put on the gown that’s on the hook there. The doctor will be with you in a moment.”
As he slowly undid the knot of his tie and fumbled with the buttons of his shirt, Bill felt himself drifting away. He was choosing to lose a part of himself that could never be regained. For a second he confused the loss. He thought that he was mourning a certain aspect of his maleness, but, immediately, he corrected the error. He was losing more than the free flow of his sperm—which, if he wanted, might be able to be reversed. The real loss was that he was cutting himself free from the weight of the last dozen years of his life.
Bill’s thoughts caught him up short. If he really were cutting himself free, shouldn’t he be feeling a peace-filled lightness rather than the shoulder-rounding heaviness that he was experiencing? He tried to tell himself that the most important consequence of the operation would be that he would be assured of his future. The feeling of lightness that he wanted would come; it just was still in little in front of him. It was a gift yet to be experienced.
Bill’s tie went on one hook, his shirt on another and his pants on a third. Being both private and fastidious, he was unsure what to do with his black socks, salted with tiny flecks of dried skin, and his crotch-creased boxer trunks. Making a pile of them on the plank that served as a seat in the changing alcove seemed too public. Balling socks and folding shorts which had been worn seemed weirdly. Stuffing them into the briefcase that held his new briefs seemed unsanitary. He wished the staff had thought to provide a drawer where he could hide his things away.
After he had slipped his arms into the open-backed hospital gown Bill felt more vulnerable, more naked, than when he had had no clothes on at all. He half-sat on the edge of the examining table staring at the whiteness of his tightly compressed knees.
She had been strength. He had met Dilly while working as a newly-minted engineer. During the day he had watched his boss absorb, codify and evaluate data and, then, make decisions with speed and certainty. Herm Murray could define and solve a problem while he himself was still floundering with the data trying to bring enough order to it so that he had some idea of what the problem might be. At night he had experienced much the same sensation. His undefined life whirled around him. He had spent so much energy in college getting good grades that he hadn’t really considered what would come afterward. He had tried to make some sense of his new life, but no order would come until he met, observed, and soon admired how the friend-of-a-friend, Delia Koster, make decisions with alacrity and sureness. He was drawn to her strength and assuredness. She had been drawn to him, or, as Bill ruefully thought as he stared at the almond-shaped space that was formed when he pressed his knees and ankles together, to his needs. When he had met Bett, he had understood where Dilly got her competency. It was only later, during a course on organizational behavior, that he came to appreciate the difference between control and competency.
As he sat and waited for Dr. Osterin, Bill realized had been as foolish as Dilly. He and she both had confused control with competency. Over the years, as his decision-making skills at work became better and as marriage, home-owning and children had left few areas in his life where important decisions needed to be made, he had found himself becoming resistant to the same control by Dilly that he once had craved. He came to bridle against her direction as a horse would to a whimsically jerked rein. Bridling against arbitrary control was one thing. What he was doing now was something else. He was making a decision that, at rare moments, he had guessed could end his marriage. Bill looked over at his clothes to see if he wanted to put them back on, but concluded choosing to do that would take as much energy as remaining half-naked on the table. He wished that Dr. Osterin, who he imagined to be a bustling type of man, much like Dilly, would come through the door. He wanted someone in charge in the room with him; he wanted someone around with enough energy and direction to carry him through his decision.
The door opened slowly. A low, tentative voice said, “Mr. Phelp?” Bill nodded. He had expected someone older and he certainly had expected a man.
“Hello, I’m Dr. Marks. Dr. Osterin’s been called out on an emergency. How are you feeling?”
Bill drew his legs up tighter.
“Fine.”
“That’s good. You’re aware of the procedure?”
“Yes.”
“Well, let’s go over it again quickly, just so we’re sure.”

* * *

As he stepped through the doorway, Bill was surprised at how far the sun had fallen. He had checked his watch several times during the first couple of hours after the surgery, but, then, as the anesthetic wore off and the pain wore on, he had forgotten to keep track. It was almost five o’clock. His appointment had been for ten-thirty. It had taken almost five hours of icing to bring the swelling down. As he had lain in bed after the procedure watching the swelling and following the discoloration of the bruise as it spread down toward his thighs and up to his belly, he had had moments when he himself joined in his body’s outrage; however those moments of rebellion at his metamorphosis had passed. He reassured himself that he had made the right decision. Finally, the yellow-green of the bruise reached its limits; the cold crystals of ice turned back the edema. He was given his freedom.
Bill walked to his car gingerly. He eased himself backward onto the seat in imitation of arthritic old men in the parking lots of malls and supermarkets. When he finally was settled in, he let out a big sigh.
The sound of the motor catching startled Bill. He suddenly realized that all the planning he had done for this day had failed to include the next six hours. In his script he had gone from recovering in a darkened room to responding to Dilly’s panicked, “My God, what happened to you?” with a single, sweet, whispered word, “Vasectomy.” Now, he discovered he had a whole evening that he had to get through before he could whisper his victory cheer. He chided himself for his poor management. He couldn’t go home yet. He cringed at the thought of Roger running up, as he often did, to give him a wild hug. What protection would he have against Kate wanting to sit in his lap for a quick story or to share a few minutes of TV? Although it hadn’t happened lately because he had been too busy, he knew enough of the ironic tendencies of fate to know that those things would happen tonight if he went home too soon.
As he sat in the car with the motor running, Bill considered his possibilities. If he went into Boston to the office to pass the time, there would be colleagues, working late, wondering where he had been all day. He was too sore to sit all night in the car or in the close quarters of a movie seat. He tried to imagine himself at some friend’s house chatting, but he couldn’t see himself on any of his friend’s sofas and he had no idea of what he would want to talk about except the growing pain in his groin. He certainly didn’t want to talk about what he had done to himself. After going through his alternatives, he decided to check into a motel. There would be peace and quiet, a bed and ice.
When he was told that a single room would cost him seventy-two dollars, Bill found that his hand resisted passing his credit card over to the curt clerk. Seventy-two dollars was almost a month of lunches. He would be paying fifteen dollars an hour for the use of a bed.
Without quite letting himself know where he was going, Bill drove to the nearest Route 128 entrance, aggressively merged his way into the bumper-to-bumper stream of cars travelling in the break-down lane, and just after six o’clock found himself in front of Nita’s law office.
The front door was unlocked, but the reception area was empty.
“Nita?”
“Yes?”
Her hello was warm but a bit puzzled as though she recognized the voice but couldn’t quite place it.
“It’s Bill.”
“Hi, Bill. C’mon back.”
Again, from her tone, he wasn’t sure that Nita knew which Bill was there.
“Bill. My God. How are you?”
“I was in the area and thought I’d drop by. Never seen your office.”
Nita’s eyes gave a quick sweep around the spartan room filled with yellow file cabinets, a fax and copying machine before the ends of her mouth pulled down.
“What do you think? Rich, not gaudy? I’m kind of a techno-esthete. Let me finish getting this fax off. Take a look around. Library’s back there and so’s my office. I’ll just be a sec.
The library walls were nearly filled with various series of seriously bound books—in burgundy with gold lettering, in black and silver with red lettering, in red and brown with white lettering. Bill thought that all the books were better looking than the standard engineering references. In one corner was a computer terminal and printer. He looked at the output spilling from the bail and realized Nita used the equipment to access some kind of database. Seeing the paper covered with arcane abbreviations made Bill feel, for the first time ever, a connection to his sister-in-law. He often did the same kind of electronic search. Feeling that connection motivated Bill to leave the library and find Nita’s office.
Bill stood leaning against the door frame to try to find some relief as he looked at where Nita worked. Gray carpet patterned with a small rose triangle. White cube desk. Black and chrome chair. A white, probably birch, table with brushed steel legs. Two tall, thin stainless steel vases on either end of an ebony-topped credenza were filled with white-tinted dried grasses. There were neatly stacked piles of paper on both the birch table and on one end of the credenza. In the middle of the credenza, four accordion files, rust colored and fully expanded, reminded him of building materials, perhaps brick pediments. The top of Nita’s desk was clear of files. Bill nodded. A second thing they had in common. As Bill looked at the console telephone, he realized that he needed to use it. He walked back down the gray and pink wall-papered hall.
“Nita, could I make a quick call?”
“Sure, my office or the receptionist’s desk.”
On the first ring Bill realized that he had dialed before planning what he wanted to say. He considered hanging up, but before he could make the decision, he was relieved to hear a small formal voice, “Koster-Phelps residence. Katherine speaking.”
“Hi, Kate, it’s Daddy. How are you?”
His daughter’s phone manners continued.
“Just fine, thank you. How are you?”
Bill looked down to his lap.
“Honey, tell Mommy I want to talk…”
He caught himself and started over.
“Kate, tell Mommy that I have to work late. I won’t be home for dinner. I’ll see her later, and when I get home I’ll be sure to come in and give you a nighty-night kiss.”
“That would be very nice, Daddy. Thank you very much. I’ll give my mother the message.”
“Thank you, Kate. Bye-bye.
“You’re very welcome, I’m sure. Goodbye, Daddy. I’ll know if you forget.”
“Forget what?”
“My night-night kiss, silly.”
“Okay.”
Bill was still reviewing how poor his planning had been when Nita appeared in the doorway. He started to get up from her chair. She shook her head before sitting down in one of the two chairs that faced the desk.
“Quite a surprise.”
Bill wanted to switch seats. He knew he would be more comfortable if he could be looking at Nita sitting in her own chair. If she would change seats, he was sure he would know how to begin to explain what he needed her to know. If he were sitting in the other chair, the client’s chair, he was sure his throat would not be so dry and the sharp heat he was feeling at the pivot points of his jawbone would cool down enough that he could speak.
As she stared at her petrified brother-in-law, Nita remembered a phone call she had received on a Sunday morning several weeks before. A stranger had picked her name from the yellow pages. He was in jail. He needed someone to arrange bail. His father was out of town. His family had just been through bankruptcy so there wasn’t any ready cash around. However, as he assured Nita, his family would be good for the money, but he needed her to front him the ten percent to get him out. Nita had told him politely that she never handled criminal matters and then hung up. The thing that had recalled the memory was that several times in their brief conversation the stranger had said, “Look, I’ve got a situation down here.” As she looked at Bill, Nita waited for those same words to be spoken and wondered whether her answer would have to be the same.
Bill indicated the piles of paper with a small wave of his hand.
“Looks like you’re pretty busy. Am I keeping you?”
“No, it’s always this way. In fact, I’m in pretty good shape. Long hours equals small piles. I was in an office today, a huge office, three times this one, that had so many piles of paper on the floor that I needed an Astaire to dance me through. What’s up?”
“I was in the area.”
“You said.”
“I thought I’d stop in.”
“I’m glad.”
After each response Nita left the space between them remain empty. She had learned in her first year of practice that silence often was the best interrogator. She watched Bill struggle to find the catalyst he needed to begin.
“Dilly’s fine. The kids, too.”
“That’s good.”
“That’s who I called. To let them know I’d be late.”
“Do you have a meeting?”
A spasm of something Nita thought looked more like pain than guilt spread across Bill’s face and then disappeared.
“You okay?”
“Not quite. I had a procedure.”
Nita tried to keep her face balanced between a non-committal look and concern.
“Mmmmmm.”
Bill twisted in the chair to get away from some discomfort.
“Can I talk to you?”
Nita nodded
“Mmmmmm.”
“Times are tough. You know that.”
Bill was unclear how his opening was going to get him where he wanted to go. He backtracked.
“Remember three, four years ago? Dukakis. Ma$$achu$ett$ miracle. Always used dollars signs for the ss. Everybody getting rich. And now, now. It happened so quickly. I’m seeing people at work, good people, get laid off all the time. I tell Dilly, but she doesn’t seem to want to understand. I’m forty. She doesn’t work. Jessie will be in college in six more years. Then Kate. Then Roger. Then what?”
The last was said so emphatically that Nita was sure it wasn’t rhetorical, yet it wasn’t obvious what answer Bill expected.
“It goes fast.”
Bill nodded, pleased that she understood.
“I have to think of everybody. Nobody gets to have everything they want. There are limits. Things have to be planned. We have to manage things. A family’s like a business.”
Nita nodded.
Bill pushed back from the desk before slumping back down in the chair.
“Someone has to manage it. Dilly does a great job, you know that, I know that, with today and tomorrow. There’s no argument there. And she’s always thinking about everybody’s health, right?”
“Mmmmmm.”
“But you can’t have one without the other. You’ve got to have both, right?”
“The other being?”
Bill stared at Nita in disappointment. He wondered when she had drifted away from him. He shook his head at the Koster women’s inability to follow a train of thought. He had come here because he thought that Nita was different.
“The money.”
“Oh, sure.”
“Where’s the money? I’m forty. I’m fifty-five, at least, before Roger graduates from college. I’m sixty-one before the mortgage is paid off. If we have a baby right now I’m sixty-two before it’s out of college.”
“Dilly wants another baby?”
Bill’s head jerked up and down in angry affirmation. At the instant he realized he was driving to Nita’s, he had been positive, despite their years of vague relations and infrequent conversation, that she would understand the situation. He was sure he had made a good decision when he discovered she used a data base and kept a clean desk. But, now, he was growing angry that she was making him take so many words. He suspected that, like Dilly, she was being consciously obtuse.
“You don’t?”
Bill nodded.
“You’ve talked?”
Again, a nod.
“No resolution?”
A slow shake of Bill’s head.
“It’s causing problems?”
As he nodded Bill felt his sense of well-being begin to return. Perhaps she did understand.
“Big or little?”
“Pretty big.”
“Divorce big?”
“Maybe. But, I don’t really think so.”
“I couldn’t represent you. Conflict of interest. Is that what we’re talking about?”
“No.”
“What, then?”
“Vasectomy.”
As he heard himself say the word, Bill thought it sounded like a race car speeding past him.
“Lot of my clients have had one. Easy. Simple. Pretty safe. Not too many mistakes. Take away the worry. Have you talked to Dilly about it?”
Bill shook his head sadly. Nita was completely missing the point of what he was saying. He wondered why the Koster women had so much trouble understanding him. The throbbing in his groin made him shift his legs to try to find some comfort.
“We talked for months. We got nowhere. There’s no room for compromise. There’s no mid-point between a baby and no baby. You can’t keep it for ten years and then give it away. In business there are fixed and variable costs. In the short run almost everything is fixed. In the long run everything is variable. Not a baby. It’s a fixed cost for at least twenty-two years and probably more. I don’t want that. I can’t do that. I don’t want to be sixty-five with no money but social security. That’s no way to live. In business you’re supposed to keep prudent reserves. If we have another baby that wouldn’t happen.”
“What if Dilly worked?”
“She doesn’t want to work. She wants a baby. She wants to take care of something, but for some reason, the three kids and me and the house and the yard aren’t enough. I thought the same thing. I thought a job might take up that need. If it were the right job. I’ve asked her about working a couple of times. Told her a job would be good for her. I know Lise told her she should think of going back to school. Get her degree, then, teach. Then she’d have plenty to take care of. We talked about it several times, but she kept insisting that it had to be a baby. I can’t do it.”
“So, you’re thinking you want a vasectomy?”
Bill slapped the tops of his thighs in frustration and instantly regretted it.
“No, dammit. Jesus!”
His nose began to burn as his thoughts cauterized it. Nita’s concerned stare slipped out of focus as his eyes welled with tears.
“Had one. Did it. Just had one.”
Bill patted his legs.
Nita’s silence was from wonderment rather than strategy.
“I just came from the doctor. I couldn’t go home. It’s too early. I didn’t know where to come. For some reason I thought I could come here.”
Although he had been frustrated when Nita had failed to understand him, now that her look indicated that she finally did, Bill felt more fear than relief. He tried to shrink himself around his pain better to withstand whatever attack she might make. He brushed the tears from his eyes so that he could watch hers more carefully.
After what to Bill seemed like a very long intermission, Nita finally found her voice.
“I’m glad you did. There’re tissues in the top left drawer. Are you okay in that chair? There’s the sofa in the reception room. Or you could come to my place and lie down.”
Nita looked at Bill’s body twisted tight against the potential surprise of pain, like something horrible jumping out from a closet, and thought of how many times she had sat there in the same situation. She had a strong urge to leave her chair, to go round behind her desk, and to put her arms around this strange, inarticulate, naive man.
“Do you feel okay? Does it hurt?”
“Pretty tender. A lot of swelling. They kept me iced for four hours.”
Nita laughed.
“That’s short compared to what Dilly’s probably going to do.”
Bill was too surprised at Nita’s levity to be hurt by it.
“She’s going to be ripped.”
Nita now understood why Bill had come to her. He had wanted to test the reception of his action upon one of the Koster sisters before presenting it to another.
“Actually I can’t guess what she’ll do. I guess I knew she wanted another kid. I think Mom told me. But I figured it was one of her passing fancies. Like with diet things. She’s pretty scattered. This is a tough one though. What you did is very confrontational. You might have been better off telling her, ‘The discussion is ended. This is what I’m going to do.’ Plus it’s tougher because of Mom. Of all of us, I think Dilly is the most upset about Mom. Having a baby, being pregnant, might have been her way of pushing back her fears.
“I hear a lot of stories sitting over there where you are. A lot of reasons why people have babies. A lot of couples start a baby to try to save a marriage. Some have one to prolong their lives or to make their lives more valuable, more meaningful. Just a few months ago I had a couple in here with a Down’s Syndrome baby that had just turned three. The parents were thinking of having a second kid so the first would have a guardian when they died. They wanted to know whether there was anything they could do legally with a will or trust to be sure the younger kid took care of the other one.
“God, Bill, what do you think she’s going to do?”
Bill looked down at the hands in his lap which were tightly clasped together as if in supplication.
“I don’t know. When I thought about the operation, I’d try to think about what her response would be, but I couldn’t get my thinking far enough along that anything became clear. Very angry?”
“Maybe, betrayed?”
“Yes, I guess, maybe, betrayed. But one of the reasons I did it secretly was I was afraid that she’d betray me.”
“How?”
“By getting pregnant. By getting off the pill and not telling me.”
“You really think Dilly would do that?”
“Yes, I do. I did. Don’t you?”
Nita knew Bill could be right. Dilly drove decisively toward those things that she considered right, which just happened, almost always, to be things that served her own interests. After a few seconds thought, it was easy for Nita to agree that Dilly might secretly stop taking her contraceptives. What was more difficult was to guess how she might respond to the vasectomy.
“Did you consider that you two might end up divorced over this?”
“A little, but I couldn’t see how she could support herself. I figured she’d have to stay, and after a while we’d work it out. We’re just making it on what I earn. Even if a judge gave her half, she couldn’t make the house payments.”
The tenderness that Nita had felt for Bill was instantly replaced with anger.
“Let me clue you in on something, Bill. A half-drunk shambly Irish lawyer could get more than half. Plus, given the MBA you’re getting and your work habits, there’s a good chance that you could be making substantially more in three to five years. Right? Isn’t that why you work so hard? Because you think it’s going to lead to something?”
“Yes.”
“I’d ballpark you’re making close to sixty. Even if the courts gave her only thirty, that’s enough to live on with a good chance there’d be more soon.”
Bill’s face expressed disbelief.
“How?”
“How? Shit, who knows how. I haven’t had to do it, so I don’t know how. What I do know is I’ve had dozens and dozens of single mothers in here with a couple of kids living on less than twenty grand a year. I said earlier Dilly is very scattered. She is. But if she decides to make something happen, it’s close to a sure bet it’s going to happen.”
Nita’s irritation pushed her out of the chair. She began to reshape the piles of paper on the credenza.
“Look, Bill. I feel for you. You work hard, very hard. You’ve tried to make a good life for Dilly and the kids. I can understand why you’d like some assurances that your hard work is going to pay off, not just for your wife and kids, but also for you. It’s easy to imagine you driving home in heavy traffic and trying to keep the aggravation away by thinking, ‘Some day.’ Some day, something. What? Who knows. A cottage on Winnepausaukee, or a place on the Cape, or bass fishing in Florida, or a trip to Europe or the islands or, maybe, just a trip down to the basement to have a quiet morning playing with a saw and drill. I know all about that.
“From fifteen to twenty-five I kept saying, ‘Someday. Something.’ You’ve already probably done it for ten years, and you seem to have accepted that you’re going to have to do it for another twenty. That’s admirable.
“But having you say you think Dilly couldn’t leave because of money rips me. Men get so arrogant about the power of their pay. They think that check gives them carte blanche. They’re very wrong. My job is to prove that to them. Just let me warn you that regardless of what you make, it is not sufficient or insufficient enough to hold Dilly against her will. If what you’ve done today is so big a deception that she can’t absorb it, she can have you cleaned, dried and put on a shelf in less time than it takes to have a baby. Don’t blind yourself, Bill.
“There. That’s out. I’m done. Let’s go to my house. You can lie down and put some ice on it.”
Bill was too scared not to nod his head in agreement.

* * *

It was after midnight before Bill turned off the ignition and coasted the car toward the black maw beyond the open garage door. Except for the porch light, the house was dark. His groin protested as he climbed the steps to the back door. Bill stood in the rare comfort of a quiet kitchen as he tried to decide what to do next. His original plan had been to announce his actions to Dilly as they prepared for bed. He had envisioned her looking up from a book to see him walking toward the bed with a garish bruise rising over the top of his new white briefs. She would ask and he would tell her that he had taken decisive action to gain control of his, their, future. She would be shocked into silence. He would enter the bed, coolly comfort her, and go to sleep her master. That plan, which had felt so good, had been declared a fool’s dream by Nita. It was gone. It had been replaced with nothing beyond a strong, brain-constricting sense of incumbent danger.
Bill stood shoeless in the kitchen’s black wishing his mind would formulate a plan. Nothing came. Afraid to mount the stairs, he made up a nest in the family room from couch, coat and coverlet. Insistent fear and persistent discomfort from both the surgery and trying to sleep on the too-short couch kept him awake. He had been awake for almost an hour when Dilly quietly padded down the stairs. Her worried look switched off as he told her where he had been and what he had done. His groin curled itself tight against her anger, but it need not have done so as she stood listening with a blank face and an inert body.
When Bill had finished his jumbled recitation, Dilly asked him three questions. Did he need ice? Did he want to come to bed? Was he planning on going to work in the morning? A confused but relieved Bill said yes to all three.
In the morning, even though Bill was careful to lock the door, as he cautiously washed his tender flesh, he wished that the shower curtain were clear so that nothing could surprise him.



Chapter 26


Ellen had just brought Bett home from the Ek’s Garden Center. After Ellen pulled away, Bett put a pot of water on for tea. She had a decision to make. The Japanese black pines, which had been planted all along the Rhode Island coast, were dying. In the same way as the blight which had destroyed the American chestnut trees at the turn of the century and the Dutch elm disease which had killed millions and millions of trees in the 1950s and 1960s, an incurable disease was wiping out the long-needled, fantastically twisted pines. Greg, the arborist at Eks, had told Bett there was a palliative treatment which would, at best, keep an infected tree alive for one more year. Three of the more than two dozen trees around the house were already showing the yellowing needles that indicated their sickness. Bett had to decide whether to nurse the sick trees or take them down and hope that that would delay the disease’s spread to the other trees.
As she stood in the kitchen waiting for her tea water to boil, Bett looked at one of the victims. The firework bursts of needles at the end of the top branches were yellow. In some of the lower branches there were patches where all of the needles were brown. Under the tree were more fallen needles than would be expected after a mild winter. Bett tried to picture the tree with all of its needles gone. The tree rose almost forty feet from four ten inch round boles. Five feet from the ground one of the boles had a limb as big as itself growing out at a right angle. That bough went straight out for fifteen feet before sending a smaller branch straight up into the air. Another trunk had an equal-sized branch loop down to the ground in a huge horseshoe, where it had rooted itself, before continuing on its erratic way. It was if the tree hadn’t been able to decide if it wanted more sunlight or earth. The third bole had matching branches extending in outstretched arms. The fourth trunk rose up twenty feet before it branched. Bett smiled as she remembered Ellen saying that she liked black pines because they did as they pleased.
When the disease first appeared at Clarke’s Cove, most of the neighbors who had sick trees simply had cut them down. The trees were stumped and replaced with something else. The Lockwards, however, had chopped off the top and most of the branches until they had ended with a human shape, not much bigger than a tall man, with arms outstretched in longing. In the winter a birdfeeder hung from the end of each handless arm. In the summer the two stumps held hanging pots of geraniums. After the Lockwards example, the Pelottis had left eight feet of the main trunk and one large horseshoed limb to use as a holder for feeders in the winter and as a frame for a rope hammock in the summer. As Bette tried to see under the growth which would soon fall, she thought that the four naked boles might resemble some frozen anguished moment in a modern dance.
When it was ready, Bett stepped outside to sip her tea. As she stared at the branches, imagining the impact of different prunings, she appreciated Lise’s wonderment at science. Science could guide an explosives-laden missile down the airshaft of a building. It could measure the heat of a sand-buried tank from a satellite. It could grow a baby in a stranger’s womb. But, so far, it couldn’t keep Pete’s customers from dying of AIDS, or these strange trees from yellowing and growing bare. And with her…
After guiding some strange unseen energy made from pieces of atoms vibrating a billion times a second. And after adding chemical compounds so wise that they knew to search throughout her body and only harm the fastest growing cells. After that, and after all the good that did. After all the sophisticated chemical and radiation targeting that seemed so similar to shooting a missile down a chimney or locating the motor heat of a tank from space, science got so simple. It wanted to do what Greg had suggested she do to the pines. Take a saw. Bett stared hard at the sick tree, imagined its naked shape, and when the form was firmly fixed inside her mind, she added herself to the picture on a dry autumn day, months hence, putting up a feeder while balancing on one leg and a pink, plastic piece of very simple science.
The trees could wait, but the doctors wanted her decision about amputating her leg the day after tomorrow.



Chapter 27


“Dad?”
“Nita, honey, how are you?”
“Have you got a cold?”
“No. Do I sound like I do?”
“No, I guess not. You just sounded different for a minute.”
Nita tried to inflect her voice so her father would be compelled to answer truthfully.
“How are you doing?”
Neil’s laugh was a small, dry sound.
“Fine.”
Nita waited for several seconds before she asked, “Are you ready for the invasion?”
“Looking forward to it. When are you getting here?”
“I’ll be early.”
“Good.”
“Mom’ll be okay with all of us around?”
“Oh, sure. She can’t wait. She says it will be the first normal thing that’s happened to us in awhile.”
Without the slightest warning tears slid down Nita’s cheeks.
“She’s indomitable, isn’t she?”
“It sure seems like it.”
“I get jealous. Oh, Dad. Let’s make sure we take some time to go somewhere to talk.”
“There’ll be plenty of time to talk.”
“I always think that. It seems it should be true. Then, I get back here and realize that I haven’t talked at all. Only chatted. Remember the night we both ended up downstairs?”
“I hear your mother, honey. I’d better help. See you tomorrow.”
“Bye, Dad.”
After Nita hung up she looked around her kitchen. It was spotless. She rarely ate anything but breakfast at home, so it was easy to keep it that way. The living room, both bedrooms, study and bathrooms were clean, too. Towels were carefully folded; blouses were neatly hung.
During the weeks when Dan Herlick had been at the house, there had been disorder. Shoes had not made it back to the closet, or, sometimes, even back to the bedroom. There had been mornings when she had awakened late to dirty dishes in the sink and empty wine glasses on the coffee table. Newspapers had been left about.
It had not been all bad. There had been moments in the dark when a coma like comfort had come over her as he had held her wrapped tight within the heaviness of his arms and legs. Tight against his chest’s warm wall, held by his thick arms, his stocky legs locked around her own, she had felt a certain freedom. Within that fleshy cage she had allowed herself to drift. But each time, comfort had moved to conflict when his caresses had become more sexual. Despite his concern and careful entry, despite a moment stretched to minutes, despite an urging no more insistent than an ebbing neap tide, despite her ache to be loved and safely lost beneath his careful weight, despite her wishes, wants, plans and formulations, there would come a point when his gentle pulsing pushed her ache from love and lovelorn longing into pain and mindless panic. Despite her feverish admonition to herself to go, go, go to where they were headed, her body would contract, compress, withdraw. She couldn’t stop his slightest pulsing from feeling like a deadly pounding. A cancer causing smashing of her cells. His cautious, controlled breathing would sound like a ravener’s undeniable roar. A fingertip’s touch upon her shoulder would magnify to rapine force. Witless, she would buck and thrust to try to free herself. She would twist and turn beneath his innocent, ignorant savagery. Her brain would swell with all her bruising’s fluids. She would want to bolt her body. She would pause, unpoised, then, free-fall into her carcinogenic mirage.
After a dozen nights of this, feeling the hope that she had brought back from Clarke’s Cove slipping from her grasp, she had made herself talk. She had tried to share her fears. Dan Herlick had been as gentle with his questions as he had been in bed. She had been ashamed that his capacity for kindness far exceeded her chary estimate. He had listened and told her that he would do as she wanted.
She could think only of one thing to ask of him. Patience. She thought that she might try to see someone who could help.
From her files of divorces she made a list of names of therapists, but she became too busy to call. Then, she became too busy to see Dan Herlick.
One evening, in the middle of all the emotion, she had used the last of a gloamy sunlight to plant the pot bound starts her mother had given her. Two weeks later she had thought to water them, but, by then, they were dead.
As Nita carefully packed her suitcase and sorted through her briefcase choosing the files that she should take with her, she wondered how she’d shape the truth about the fate of those seeds were her mother to ask about them.

* * *

“Excited?”
Lise nodded.
“Scared, too.”
“How come?”
“I’m not too sure about our timing.”
Brad opened his arms in concession.
“We can wait.”
“I don’t know. So much has gone on.”
“Maybe a little good news would be appreciated.”
Brad grabbed Lise from behind and took small nips at her neck right along the hair line.
“Ooooowww. That gives me the shivers.”
“It’s supposed to. Look, decide when we get there. You’ll know.”
Lise nodded. She looked around the kitchen.
“What’s left?”
“You tell me. We’ve got the sleeping bags, boogie boards, the tent. The back packs went in first. You wanted your book bag, right?”
Lise nodded her put in marionette theatricality, “Have to.”
“You really think you’ll get any work done?”
“Have to.”
“Toothbrushes, all that, were in the little thingamajig, right?”
Yeah.”
“Then, that must be it.”
Lise pulled an imaginary hat down hard on her head.
“Okay, cowpoke, let’s ride.”
“Wait just a sec, darlin’.”
Brad walked menacingly toward Lise. She backed away.
“No, no, no way. C’mon. None of that. We’re late.”
Brad kept coming.
In an exaggerated drawl, Lise said, “Ease back, Bradford, or I’ll lame that mule’s leg.”
Brad clucked.
The phone rang. Lise laughed.
“Saved by the bell.” She pointed. “You, not me. You get it. I’m gone.”
Hello? Dr. Adanan. How are you?”
Lise shook her head as she left the house. She pulled the hose toward the slumping cosmos she had planted along the edge of the driveway.
““Pitiful. Poor babies. I know it’s too hot to be watering, but if you don’t drink now, you’ll die before we get back. I’m sorry I forgot you. There’s been too much going on. Try to make do.”
Lise hoped the next few days would help Brad and her to make do, too. She felt as droopy as the cosmos looked. She loved going fast, but the last few months had been ridiculous. She had been living at the lab, and Brad, to satisfy a committee member who had made a last minute decision to take a one year appointment at the University of Sydney, had been working non stop on his dissertation. Lise couldn’t remember them taking a day off since a balmy Sunday in late April.
Lise looked at her hand. She pointed the ring at the sun and watched the color change. Twisting it around on her finger, she used her thumb to feel the slight dimples in the smooth surface of the cabochon ruby, which had been Brad’s great grandmother’s. His great grandfather had bought it for her when he was in Burma working for a British spice company. After he had inherited it, Brad’s grandfather had had the stone mounted in a man’s ring. He had given it to his only grandson on Brad’s thirteenth birthday. And, now, Brad had remounted it again and bestowed it on her.
Lise remembered how when she had opened the box, she had had to fight hard to find a simple smile to put upon her face. Now, four days later, she was still searching for the easy smile. She kept pushing back the urge to take the ring and slip it back into its gray velvet box.
Lise kept telling herself that she loved Brad. Through practice, she had gotten herself to the point where she didn’t question that a dozen times a day. But marriage wasn’t love. It was commitment, and commitment was something different. Commitment meant that you kept looking even when you knew what you would see. You kept listening even when you knew what you would hear. Could she stay alert in marriage? Her mother had, but could she? Would she? A marriage had habits and patterns and customs, and she could not understand how habit could not be stultifying. She thought that at some point marriage must feel like sitting in a well-worn seat in an over heated room, either fidgeting or drifting off into bored sleep.
After finishing her watering Lise twisted the hose into a rubber lariat. She opened the passenger side door and climbed in backwards so that she could straighten up the baggage.
Married. At twenty six. Too young. Too unknown. Too frightening. Too focused. Too boring. Too…
“Hi. I’m driving?”
“Yeah. Sure. What’d Adanan want?”
Brad shrugged in dismissal.
The usual. Attention. Reverence. Do you think when I get out of here that I’m going to be like him, like so many of them? Blind with pride, but, still, so hungry. Just a needy little boy in a big herring bone jacket.”
“No.”
“Thanks.”
“Denim, probably.”
“Lise,” Brad protested.
“Kidding.”
“Great.”
They were on the highway before they spoke again.
“Brad?”
“Professor to you, babe.”
““Why do you want to marry me?”
Brad’s turned his head to show Lise the seriousness with which he was thinking.
“Many reason, the biggest of which is legal sex. It’s such a foreign concept. It’s so hard to imagine that I think I just have to experience it.”
“No, really. Why?”
“I love you.”
“You can love me without marrying me.”
Brad took his eyes from the road to look at Lise.
“Feeling caged? Trapped?”
“No.”
“You are. You will. I know that.”
“Why? I love you. Why should I feel trapped?”
“You know why, Lise. No trust.”
“Fill me in, Professor.”
“You sure you want to hear this? I don’t want to be the one who ruins the first time we’ve had off in months.”
Lise considered whether she did want to hear what Brad might say. She had his ring on her finger. In less than two hours, they might be talking about their marriage to her family before she was sure that she wanted to get married. She had to hear.
“Shoot.”
“Okay, but if I end up sleeping in that tent alone or walking the beach with Lot’s wife, I’m gonna have a hissy.”
“I’ll be okay, Brad. Tell me what you think. That’s what we do best, right? What’s your theory?”
“My theory is that you’re a very nice person. Just like your folks. But, you’re not a pushover. There’s a toughness inside. You’re more like your mom than your dad. You want to please people, but you want your own way.”
“What’s that got to do with trust?”
“Hang on. I’m building a theory. This is the intro. The lit review. A little latitude, please.”
Brad looked at the speedometer before continuing.
“You also want to do the right thing. Be good. So, there’re three things that you want to be good, to be true to yourself, or to your wants, and to be pleasing to others. How often are those three things going to line up? Not that often. Well, then, what’s the decision making rule when two or more of those goals are in conflict? I don’t think you’ve established a clear rule about that just yet. So, I come along. You like me. One criterion is satisfied. Your family, except the gimlet eyed Dilly, approves after they get past a few of my anomalies. Number two lines up. We have an honest, interesting healthful time. We have what a budding relationship is supposed to have. All three criteria light up green. Okay, so far?”
Lise nodded.
“We go along. We’re having a pretty good time in the middle of a situation that most people would consider a bad time poverty, stress, few rewards. Supposedly, there are few things more destructive of a relationship than a doctoral program. We’re involved in two, yet, somehow, we’re paragons of grace under pressure. Things go well. You get nervous. You begin to worry about what happens if things continue to go well, or even better. The longer you like me, the worse, the uglier, it will be when you stop. And, you’re sure you’ll stop. You know that. You’re very sure. It’s always happened that way before. Here’s where the trust comes in. You don’t trust me to stay interesting and, maybe worse, you don’t trust yourself to stay interested. It’s ironic. You’re afraid things will get static, and you have to have things alive and always growing and changing, but at the same time you’re assuming that you won’t change, that what has always happened with you has to happen again. You’re afraid you’re going to use me up, absorb all my juices, make me a husk. A shell too light and too empty to hold you. Or hold your attention.”
As the words slowly tumbled from the mouth of a face which was staring far down the road, Lise felt her heartbeat jump and twitch like the wings of a bird caught by a cat. She squinted her eyes and imagined the few cars ahead on the hot gray road as molecules wandering across the field of vision of a microscope. Interesting.
She felt Brad’s fingers slide down the shallow valleys between her own. She started to pull her hand away.
“Ssshhh. Easy.”
She turned her hand over and they held hands. Finally, his fingers moved again. She looked down and watched as his fingers wrapped themselves around the ring.
“Unbetroth me.”
She kept her hand still as he worked the ring free.
“I can wait. You’re just too skittish. The trust will come. You think a moment’s inattention means more than that. You’re afraid it presages a long, slow dying. That’s your theory. Entropy. I don’t think that way. I think it only means you’ve turned your head. You’ll turn it back. That’s my theory.”
“I’m not that sure.”
“I know you’re not, Lise. It’s one of the things I love about you. Filled with questions. Like a good scientist. It’s why you are a good scientist. But this ain’t science. In science, you jig the bug and see what it does.”
Brad reached back across the seat for Lise’s hand. He brought her hand toward him. He stuck two of her fingers in his mouth and slowly licked them.
“In life, the bug jigs back. I think that’s what makes life more interesting than science.”
“It’s an engaging theory, Professor.”
Lise held out her ring finger, now wet, toward Brad.

* * *

“A uniform? Oh, you dog. Would I were a woman. Look at you. How come you’re even here? Aren’t you supposed to be en famille aujourd’hui?” Raoul brushed something from Peter’s shoulder than only he could see.
“I thought I should try to get a couple of things done before I left.”
Raoul intoned, “Duty, sacred duty.”
Peter pulled a tray from the reach in refrigerator and counted the steaks on it. “I know it’s going to be busy today. I just wanted to do what I could to help.”
“Such a good little fairy.”
“I didn’t expect you to be here this early.”
“Duty, sacred duty, dearie. Plus if anybody really fits that bill, it is I the good little fairy— always here to serve. Which slyly segues to your charming outfit. Why the khaki, soldier? Does your family have a fetish you’ve held back from me?”
Peter wished that he had left his house a half hour earlier. Then, he would have been on the road before Raoul had arrived at the restaurant.
“Yoo hoo, Petey, sweetie, there’s a question on the floor. Actually, two.”
“On my way down, I may stop in Bristol.”
Raoul walked behind Peter, shuffled a mound of menus into a deck and began to wipe their surfaces clean with a dampened sponge.
“That’s cryptic.”
“The parade. Bristol has a huge parade.”
“Oh. How enchanting. Are we watching or walking?”
Peter remained silent.
“Luscious?”
“I want to march.”
Raoul froze in melodramatic amazement.
“Why?”
“It’s something I think I need to do.”
“May I ask? Are you marching for Kuwait’s independence, Vietnam’s lack of, or your own?”
“If I do it, I’m just marching.”
“In those death boots? No way. You’re crippled enough as is. You want to march, you march in sneakers. Not some twenty year old boots. I’ll get you a pair from the cage.”
“No.”
“Koster. Listen up. No boots. That’s an order. Ooww, I love me when I get this way. When I was a sergeant in this man’s army, I was actually pretty good at this. I’ll get the shoes.”
“I’ve got my sneakers in the car.”
“Not those sneakers, darling. Those aren’t shoes. They’re the incunabula, the tabula rasa, of the restaurant. Be murdered today and a forensic scientist could use them to reconstruct the last three months’ specials. Old soldier, new shoes.”
Peter conceded, “Okay, I’ll take them, but I don’t promise to wear them.”
“Spoken just like a soldier about his condoms. Hang on, I’ll go get you a pair.”
Peter was drying his hands when Raoul returned with a shoe box. He held it out toward Peter.
“Merry marching.”
“Thanks.”
“Think of me while you do.”
Peter looked questioningly at Raoul.
“Not like in love, lover. As a fellow marcher. Think of me as a fellow marcher. Duty holds me here, but I’ll be there. In spirit. I’m a great fan of Independence Day. All men, even old queens, are created equal. We’re endowed with the right to life, alternative though it may be, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, however kinky. Ah, yes, the Fourth is definitely a fag’s holiday.”
Peter smiled and nodded.
“I’ll be back late tomorrow afternoon.”
“Have fun. Hello to your folks. Tell them I hope the troubles have stopped. Good luck, I hope it all goes well.”
“Thanks, again.”
Peter had his hand on the door when Raoul said quietly, “It’d make a lovely sequel.”
Peter stopped, but he didn’t turn around.
“What’s that?”
“Reborn on the Fourth of July.”
As Peter pushed through the rusty screen door and limped his way across the parking lot in his ill fitting boots, he heard Raoul’s laugh and it reminded him of summer sounds from long ago.

* * *

Turning away from the window where she had been watching a squirrel eat the birdseed that had fallen from the feeder, Dilly was surprised by the fractured furniture in her kitchen. The kitchen table had shadow legs. The cupboard door had double handles. In the sink, ghosts of glasses and plates rose up and hovered just to the right of their more solid sources. The cereal box had a wraithic twin ascending from it. The whole room looked like it had been shattered and inexpertly glued back together again.
“Great. Just great.”
Dilly drummed her fingers on the counter top before using them to swipe at her tears.
Now what?
She had cleared the table, rinsed the dishes, loaded the dishwasher and sponged the counters clean of breakfast crumbs and smears. She had sorted through the tumble of clothes spilling from the laundry chute. She had loaded the washer and started it. She had packed the car even though it was still, at least, an hour before they would leave for Clarke’s Cove.
Again, Dilly asked herself, Now what? Now what could she expect from life? What now?
She could edge the sidewalk. Pull dandelions. Clean closets. Pack his things. Wash windows. Scrape paint on the garage. Put her head in the oven and what in an electric stove? Broil away? Clean the basement. Polish silver. Move out. Refinish the tool chest. Call a lawyer. Paint the bathroom. Find a donor. Label photos. Weed the myrtle. Make doughnuts. Sell Mary Kay. Rake the driveway. Wash the porches. Teach. Ruin his life. Tie the clematis. Whitewash the borderstones. Get the marshmallows.
She was a mother in an empty house.
Alone. Useless.
Now what?
Dilly cradled the phone tight to her ear.
“Mother, Mother, how are you?”
“I feel good.”
“You sound tinny.”
“I’m outside.”
“So the phone we got you works?”
“At this end, yes. It’s very handy. Thank you.”
“You should have had one years ago.”
“I suppose.”
“Is it warm enough for you to be outside? It’s breezy up here.”
Bett laughed.
“Honey, I don’t have a cold.”
“Are you reading?”
“Oh no. I’m in the garden. Weeding.”
“Weeding?” Dilly’s voice rose in dismay.
“There’s a dead heat going between the weeds and the vegetables. I’m trying to help.”
“Mother, Mother, I’ll do that when I get there.”
“Dilly, honey, I can’t tell you how wonderful it feels to be out here. After I finish weeding, I’m going to pick beans. What time will you be here?”
“We’ll start as soon as the kids get back from the game.”
“Should we expect Bill?”
“Who knows. I don’t even try to keep track of his schedule anymore. It seems pointless. It’s easier just to assume that he will always miss everything. It’s almost like he’s not part of the family anymore.”
“Honey, he has a demanding job.”
“He thinks he has a demanding wife.”
“Dilly, I always thought a family was like a living thing. It never stayed the same. I’d just get used to how things were and they’d be different. There seem to be lots of times where everyone is going at a different speed. That makes it hard.”
“It seems to me like the speed we always go is the one he picks. He changes and then my job is to accommodate to that. When is it my turn? When do I get what I want, Mother? Mother??”
“Honey, I don’t know. I’m not sure any of us ever gets what we want. I’m learning to take what I’ve been given. I’ve got bright light and soft air and beans that are ready for picking. I’m sweaty, but it’s from work and the sun. I’ve had much worse sweats in the last year. I’ve got no see ums dancing around my head looking for a bite. But it’s a little tougher for them now that I’ve got some hair growing back. Looks worse every day. I look ridiculous. Like someone back from the Gulag. A cornfield in December. But…it’s hair.”
“Mother, you’ll get tired. You should be careful.”
“Oh, honey, I don’t think so. I feel good now. I don’t want to hoard or parcel out my life in little smidgens. The doctors think that I’m in pretty good shape. They’re pleased. And I’m pleased. But, we know they’ve been wrong before. I’ve got a day of health, and I’m not going to save it. Dilly, it’s cancer. For all that they know, they don’t know very much. And even after all the intimacy I’ve had with it, I don’t know anything except that I have to take what it gives me. I’m trying to do that. I’m starting to realize that it’s not so horrid. In a lot of ways it’s not so different from anything else. I never planned on having cancer; it just happened. But, then, when I was young, I never planned on living by the ocean, or being married to a banker, or having four wonderful children. It just happened. Almost none of the specifics of my life have been planned. I’ve been thinking about that a lot.”
Since Dilly did not want to hear her mother being so philosophical because nothing her mother was saying agreed with what she herself was feeling, she interrupted, “How’s dad?”
“I think he’s wonderful.”
“Mother, you know that’s not what I meant.”
Bett continued, “If you had forced me at twenty to design my mate, if you had made me wrestle with what he would look like and what he would do, I’m sure the prototype I would have come up with wouldn’t have had much resemblance to your father. Except for that horrible time a few months ago, I have been very much in love with your father for more than forty years, and yet I probably wouldn’t have pulled him out of a line up of potential mates. When I married him I didn’t know that, through happenstance, we would live in Massachusetts or here by the water. I’ve been very happy in both places. I loved the mountains of western Massachusetts and I love the ocean; yet I think I could have been just as happy if we’d stayed in Indiana or had moved to Wyoming. Do you understand what I’m trying to say?”
“Yes, Mother, you’re saying that you could have married anyone, had any kind or number of kids and lived anyhow and anywhere and it wouldn’t have made a difference. Twelve kids in a tenement with Vic the Vacuumist and you still would have been happy. Are you feverish?”
Bett laughed so hard Dilly jerked the phone from her ear.
“Yes, honey, I expect I am. In a way I’ve always been a little bit feverish. Just like you. I suppose we get it from Opa. He was feverish about nature. He could be very cool with people, but not when he was outside. I always had that same kind of enthusiasm about all kinds of things. Until I got sick. Almost worse than what cancer does to your body is what it does to your thinking. The thought of what it was doing to me got inside my head and kept growing and growing. I could feel myself getting small and mean. I didn’t want that. I really didn’t want to end my life that way, but, then, I let there be lots of days where I reveled in my misery. ‘Look what’s happened to me. It’s not fair.’ I got to where I thought I deserved to be mean and small and there was something very satisfying about being that way, just filling up on bile.”
“You weren’t that bad.”
“Dilly, you’re sweet. But you only saw a little and that was on the outside. The inside was much bitterer. I could feel myself gnawing at my insides. Trying to hollow me out. To toss all my good feelings and memories out like they were nothing more than old bills and receipts. As I got emptier, I could feel myself collapse and shrink. I could feel myself getting smaller, denser, meaner. There were too many days where I just reveled in that. ‘There, now do you see? I’ve got the whole disease.’”
“Mother, Mother, don’t. Everybody goes through that. They’re stages.”
Dilly wondered what stages awaited her. What stages were left? Hadn’t she had all the stages before she had even made her decision to get pregnant? What could be left? She was trying hard to listen to what her mother was saying, but she seemed to have so much noise inside of her that she couldn’t hear. Maybe later.
“Kids will be home soon. I better make sure everything’s ready. See you in a couple of hours.”
“I can’t wait, Dilly. We’re going to have a wonderful time. “I love you, honey.”
“Me, too, Mom.”
Dilly’s final word stayed in her mouth like a hard candy.



Chapter 28


Bett dragged her gathering basket along the row of green beans. As she braced her weight on one reddish, slack skinned arm, she used her free hand to reach up under the spade shaped leaves to find their hidden fruit. When she grew tired, she stopped picking to sort through her harvest. From among the hundreds of long straight pods, Bett selected a small curled bean. She brought it to her nose and sniffed its sea breeze clean smell. Its plump flesh pushed back against her teeth before it snapped in half. She used her tongue to pry the tiny pulses from their protection. As she slowly chewed and savored its goodness she ordered her thoughts.
Steamed green beans with butter, lime juice and grill roasted red peppers. Maybe a few blanched almonds for more color. With Peter marching in the parade and Dilly coming late, they wouldn’t have dinner until late. They’d use the raspberries she and Ellen had picked for ice cream. She frowned as she thought of her jealousy at the web of scratches on Ellen’s arms. What wonderful wounds. She had none. A scratch could make the lymphedema come. Ellen had picked while she had held the basket. She needed to remember to ask Neil about the salt for the ice cream maker. She hadn’t known whether to tell the others about Peter. She hadn’t known whether he would want them along the parade route. She wasn’t sure just how he would shed his shame. It was leaving. She knew that. She had known it from the night that he had shown up, red eyed but tearless, to talk about legless men. Legless, but not crippled. She was sure the shame would go, but it would go like a snake’s skin rubbed against rocks. He must make his way for awhile with its dull shreds dragging behind him.
As our past acts hang on with all of us, she thought.
Life twisted on its way. Random forces careened into significant events. Breaks and bruises and blood occurred. There didn’t seem to be much one could do to avoid the bad. Nita’s risk of cancer had been an accident. Peter’s time in Vietnam had been determined by the pure chance of his birth date. She had lost a breast and leg because… Just because.
Harm came. It roared through a life like a tornado. A mindless force. It threw lives over, snapped long held assumptions, bent and twisted dreams and hopes, and uprooted faith. Then, it, the actual force itself, was gone. Swept past to another place, another’s life. And one was left standing amidst the wreckage. With a choice. Stay shocked. Frozen like a statue. Holding tight to memories. Or, forever parsing shoulds and mights and maybes. Or, one could move. Bend. Bend over. Pick through the debris. Gather. Sort and save. Salvage.
Harm could be planned for and protected against, but not prevented. That was the first and, ever and always, the hardest lesson for any person, but especially a parent, to learn. Constant care and sleepless protection could not prevent harm from digging its sharp dry fingers into a child of any age.
Harm couldn’t be prevented. That parent’s nightmare. That most hellish truth couldn’t be denied. It was the simplest rule. Life’s first law. Harm was inevitable.
Bett finished picking out the row of beans. The beans and grilled salmon drizzled with basil oil and potato salad with new potatoes, peas and peapods in yogurt. The Fourth meant salmon. She would snap beans with Nita and listen hard to the small voice, fighting fear so fiercely behind the placid face.
Bett stretched to put the basket as far from her as possible. She reached behind, found the rubber armpit guard of her crutch, and, using another new skill she was mastering, maneuvered it so that she could use it to push the gathering basket closer to the edge of the garden. She winced when a sharp pain shot through her buttocks and up her spine as she let too much of her weight shift onto her stump. She took a deep breath and held it until the pain’s claws slid back into their sheaths.
Make a spread of smoked blue fish, blue cheese, chopped fennel fronds, walnuts and cream cheese. Dilly wouldn’t help. Two, three, four of the ingredients were bad. Serve it with celery and endive leaves rather than rye bread or crackers. That might tip the scale. What a funny girl. She wasn’t mean, just bossy. And lost. A lost boss needing a job. What a funny love they had. So deep it hurt. But they could never talk without irritation. Sometimes, they could hardly be in the same room together. But, still, mother and daughter. Loving mother and loving daughter. If only Dilly could learn that the only real protection from hurt was joy. Harm’s antidote, joy, unlike harm itself, wasn’t random. Joy could be learned because it was the certain effect of specific causes. Give to give, not to get, that brought joy. If only Dilly, who so wanted joy, who sought it from all around her, who thought it could be extracted, could learn that. Mercy brought joy. Clemency for self and others. Peter was learning. Slough off memory and forgive because mercy cut, and might be the only thing that could, the grapples from the past. Courage, fear filled acts of courage, birthed joy. Nita poised. Standing still and trembling. If she could but jump. Gratitude brought joy. Remembering the gifts of grace. Sight and sense and common sense and…
Bett rolled onto her stomach. Already she had found that from there she could push herself to an awkward kneeling position, and then, after balancing most of her weight onto her left haunch, she could plant her crutches so that she could use them to draw herself up. In her violent heaving to bring herself onto her knee, a hand broke the stem of a newly weeded fennel plant. Its clean perfume filled the air. She sighed then laughed at her clumsiness. Her callused fingers slid down the fennel’s base. She twisted the slender stem from its roots. She braced herself and began to twine a crown. Two earwigs skittered from their nest. She brushed them from the shoot. She finished twisting the fronds into a circle. She drew the crown to her mouth and trimmed a hanging sprig with her teeth and savored its sweet spiciness.
Bett tried to put the crown on her head with two hands as if it was a coronation, but she found she couldn’t keep her balance. She threw out her scarred right arm and used it to wedge herself upright.
As Bett placed the plait of green on her stubbly head she whispered,
“And he who battled and subdued,
A wreath of fennel wore.”
Bett pulled herself up on her crutches and haltingly made her way down the row with the wreath askew on her head.
What now? What next?
Find Neil and hold him. Have him hold her. Repair wounds.
Bette stood for a moment and looked at the lavender bells hanging from the eggplant and the straight stalks of the okra and the dusty green leaves of the basil and, against the white stucco wall, the profusion of reds and pinks and whites and purples of the nodding hollyhocks flowering early after the long warm winter. She saw a basil plant had budded. Angling a crutch and hopping back a step for better balance, she bent over and pinched back the buds.
“Not so fast,” she whispered.
Bett straightened up, trapped a crutch under her right arm and beat a slight tattoo against the flesh where her breast had been, then, struck with a thought, she tipped an imaginary bottle in a toast to the hollyhocks and all else she had watched grow and change in heat and cold, in wet and dry, in late springs and early frosts, in tended and untended conditions.
“Oh, Opa, what a grand garden this all is.”
