




The Night Budda Got Deep in It




Ron D Smith








Copyright © 2012 Ron D Smith
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved.










For Harold and Joyce,
who did their best with what I gave them to work with.







1

Budda finished the plastic-sheathed copy of Oliver Twist and jammed it into his overstuffed backpack. The book wouldn’t be due back at the school library for another week, but he already considered it stolen, because he would never return to Kirkwood High. He had never pilfered anything before. Never so much as broken curfew. And now he was running off to Kentucky. With a stolen book. With money he thieved from his brother. My, what a rebel he had become. 
The library book had more or less engaged him until the end, though Budda could have made do with half as many words — a good portion of which could have been Swahili, for all he knew. He’d only decided to read the book to look and feel smarter, though that objective hadn’t been met.
Budda fantasized about a Dickens spin on his own story, one where a mysterious benefactor or long-lost relative would rescue him from his crummy life. Or, at least, what passed for crummy in the mind of a kid who felt oppressed by his loathsome big brother and fretful father. He met the basic requirements. He never met his birth parents, and he was running away from the one who raised him. Budda could envision destiny leading him to reunite with the parents he never knew, or possibly a rich, doting relative who would support him for life.
Never mind that Budda had never been to Kentucky and knew no one there except for Addie. And never mind that his family life wasn’t as bad as he imagined. Try to convince a 15-year-old differently when he has his mind made up, and see how far you get.
No Oliver Twist ending for Budda. His birth mother, who gave him up when he was a day old, overdosed in the Sikeston Motel 6. Her body was in full hypostasis when the manager discovered her the next day, a crust of vomit on the carpet where her face lay.
If she were still alive, she couldn’t have sworn on a Gideon who Budda’s biological father was. At best, she could narrow the list to three lamentable candidates — give her that much credit — but none of them had rich relatives or were prone to doting on anything other than a bottle of Old Grand Dad. Budda’s parentage was Missouri dead-end hill trash to the core. His adoptive family, even the oafish brother he hoped would someday lose a limb in a wood chipper, was quite a few steps above that.
Budda’s birth mother, the one he called Blood Mama, had kept him company ever since his foster care days. She rode with him now on the Greyhound. She was no ghost to Budda, because she was still alive as far as he knew. (The story of the Motel 6 would have to wait a while.) She was more like an invisible advisor, a constant presence who counseled him, though often wrongly, on every aspect of his life. He knew nothing about the real Blood Mama, other than that her tweaking habit had kept her from keeping him. He pictured her alive somewhere down in the Boot-heel, working on getting her life straight. Budda would give her plenty of time to make the right ways stick, and then he’d go find her, too, just like he was doing with Addie. 
It was Blood Mama who convinced him to give up on his family and to take after Addie. Blood Mama said his foster sister needed saving from something, though she had been short on specifics. Budda had a feeling Blood Mama wasn’t sure herself what the trouble was. It didn’t matter. Budda had pined for his sister since she had moved out. Once he found her and rescued her from whatever mess she was in, he would start a new life in Kentucky. It couldn’t be any worse than life in Kirkwood.
Blood Mama currently advised Budda on what he should do about his father. 
Don’t you think I should call him? Budda asked. 
You’ll just get him riled up more. If you’re running away, you need to make a clean break of it, Blood Mama said.
I don’t want him to be worried. You know how he is. He’ll think somebody abducted me.
So you think he’ll quit worrying if he knows you run off from home and crossed three state lines to find the girl instead? Just let him be.
I won’t call him, but I should at least text him, Budda said, thumbing the keys on his phone. I won’t say where I’m going, but I’ll tell him not to worry.
Well then, he’ll be sure to sleep sound tonight, won’t he? 
Budda usually listened patiently to what Blood Mama had to say, which took up a good deal of time, because the woman had an opinion on everything. With all that listening, Budda didn’t have much time for talking. The less he spoke, the dumber people thought he was. Budda didn’t fight that perception, because he believed there was a good amount of truth to it. He didn’t remember anything about his first foster family, but he theorized he had been dropped on his head, because even simple ideas came alive in his brain only with great effort, as slow to ignite as rain-sated firewood.
Budda didn’t talk out loud to Blood Mama, but he sometimes moved his lips and even gesticulated when he got lost in conversation with her. For that, kids at school thought he wasn’t only slow, but a bit off upstairs. Future wacko hobo material. That didn’t make him unique at Kirkwood High, but it didn’t guarantee a lot of prom dates either. 
By the time the Greyhound reached Effingham, Illinois, commercial bus travel had lost its appeal for Budda. His bony butt was not contoured for long trips, and this was the longest one he had been on. Even worse, the driver maintained an uncomfortably cold cabin. Budda shivered for much of the trip, because he hadn’t brought anything warm to wear — it had been unseasonably mild for mid-October when he left St. Louis. Proper preparation was not his strong suit.
According to Budda’s phone, which was a scratch-and-dent, double hand-me-down Nokia from his dad to his brother to him, it was a little after eight in the evening. The aquamarine display flashed another text message from his father, which Budda deleted without reading. He turned off the audio alerts so he wouldn’t be tempted to answer when his father called or texted again, which he would do repeatedly, because the man was most in his element when he had something big to worry about. And this was a whopper. 
It soon wouldn’t matter how often his dad tried to reach Budda. The Nokia’s battery was on its last bar, and he had neglected to pack its charger.
 In a span of a few hours, Budda would visit three states that were new to him. He had never been to Illinois until that night, even though he lived only twenty minutes the other side of the Mississippi. He’d always imagined Illinois was just like East St. Louis from border to border. He had heard enough stories about the city across the river that he pictured it as an endless string of beer and shot bars, low wattage strip joints, and condemned two-stories that had transformed into crack houses. He also believed psycho killers prowled for innocent teenagers in every dark alley. Budda came by these ideas through his father, who had warned Budda and Lando about the atrocities that awaited them in the Land of Lincoln.
“Don’t ever, ever cross that bridge,” Dad said. “It’s easy to get lost over there. If you do, I’m afraid I’ll never see you alive again. Your name and picture will be on the front page of the Post-Dispatch when they find chunks of you in some industrial waste dump.”
What a sunny outlook the man had, yet Budda had never doubted him. Until this night, Budda had been the obedient son, the one who was never tempted to sneak across the river to that devil’s playground, or anywhere else beyond a two block radius of home. Now he had flushed away all that built-up trustworthiness, because he was overcome with the need to see Addie, the only one in his family who had ever treated him like he had more going on upstairs than an earthworm.

The Illinois that Budda saw now wasn’t at all forbidden-looking, unless a guy was allergic to corn or other grain crops. There wasn’t much to the Illinois color palette, just monochromatic beiges as far as he could see, with not a stripper or crack whore anywhere in sight. When the sanguine sun dropped past the meridian on its way to California, the landscape became speckled with the lights of remote farmsteads. Those must be some lonely people living out there, Budda thought. He hoped Kentucky wasn’t like that. He preferred suburbs like Kirkwood with lots of lights, people, and signs to tell you where to go if you got lost.
Budda switched to a different bus in Indianapolis, which was not as full as the first one. He regarded a girl about his age who sat near the front of the bus. Budda couldn’t make out what she looked like, if she was pretty or plain, but she was the only other young person on the trip, and she seemed much more acclimated to bus riding than Budda did. She got on, sunk into her seat like she was in for the long haul, and plugged in the ear buds to her iPod. He admired and envied her lackadaisical demeanor, as though she had ridden a thousand buses just like this one and nothing could faze her. Conversely, he was sure all the other passengers knew just by looking at him that he was a novice at bus travel. He was the one who couldn’t walk down to the street corner without his father wanting to put a tracking device on him.
Budda mused about what he might say to the girl if given the chance. He had never said more than a word or two to any girl other than Addie, who wasn’t really his sister in a blood or legal way. She had left the Jessico home and moved back to a God-knows-where-hamlet in Kentucky. Addie had told him the name of the place, saying it was near Louisville, which she pronounced “Lou-vull”, like the middle syllable wasn’t worth the effort. Budda remembered that part well, but he couldn’t quite grab hold of the name of Addie’s hometown. He was sure it was stuck in his memory, but buried in there so deeply that he couldn’t bust it loose.
That was another important detail he should have nailed down before he left St. Louis. Taking a minute to scan the Louisville area on Google Maps would have helped him summon up the name of Addie’s town, but he didn’t think of that.  That and the fact he didn’t have his sister’s phone number would indicate that his journey wouldn’t go well, but Blood Mama said Budda was just being whimsical. Tomato/tomahto.
The bus pulled into the Louisville station shortly after two in the morning. Budda could tell as the bus crossed the Ohio River that Louisville’s skyline was smaller than the one in St. Louis. He trusted that would make it easier to find Addie. He was for sure going to put everything he had into the effort, because he could never return to St. Louis. His brother would kill him the second he got back inside the front door. 
Budda didn’t know what to do now that he was in Louisville. He had no plans for how to start looking for Addie. Second thoughts started to creep into his head just as he was about to step off the bus.
Don’t turn into a weenie on me already, Blood Mama said. You’re not going anywhere but to find and rescue your sister.
I think this was a bad idea, Blood Mama. I don’t even know where to find her, and you’re not telling me what trouble she’s in. What if it’s something I can’t get her out of?
Too late to think like that. Besides, you don’t have enough money for the bus ride back home. 
I bet they have a Western Union here. The one in St. Louis did. I could just have Dad send me the money.
You’re not going back. You got to go get your sister, Blood Mama said.
What if she doesn’t want to be gotten?
This isn’t the time for what-if’s. You’ve got to get off your rear right now and start looking before something real bad happens to her.
Panic began to stir in Budda’s gut. If Addie was in such a mess, others were more capable of helping her. Maybe he’d call his dad after all. Blood Mama stopped him before he could pull the phone from his backpack.
This is something only you can do, she said. Nobody else knows the girl like you.
The bus from Indianapolis to Louisville had been less than half full. As soon as the passengers had departed and retrieved their luggage, they quickly dispersed into the city. It was like the terminal had already closed for the night. No one was inside but a woman who swept the lobby floor. Only Budda and the girl from the bus remained in the lobby. The girl asked the janitor if she could suggest any cheap restaurants nearby that stayed open late. That’s the kind of question a smart girl would ask, Budda thought.
“There’s a big McDonald’s up on Broadway that stays open,” the woman said, continuing to corral a pile of paper coffee cups and other trash with her broom. “It’s at Second Street, which isn’t too far. A cab ride wouldn’t cost much. There’s always one or two waiting out front.”
“I’m not real excited about paying for another ride after I just paid for this one,” the girl said. 
“Don’t think about getting there on foot. A girl your age ought not to be out walking alone at night,” the custodian said, sounding more like a mother than a Greyhound employee. “You go on and let the taxi take you.”
Unworried, the girl said, “I can do just fine by myself. This place’s a lot smaller than Indianapolis.”
“Maybe,” the woman said. “But that doesn’t make it any nicer. You stay alert to your surroundings.”
The girl strode with confidence toward the exit, an Old Navy overnight bag swinging off her arm. It dawned on Budda that he hadn’t eaten since lunch at school. He decided McDonald’s was where he needed to go, too. It might also be a good idea to keep an eye on the girl, in case she encountered any of those bad elements the Greyhound woman warned about. 
The girl walked up Seventh Street and then turned left at Broadway where traffic was heavier. Budda wondered if downtown St. Louis was just as busy at two on a Friday morning. He had never been there that late to know. His dad strictly enforced a ten o’clock curfew on weeknights and ten-thirty on Fridays and Saturdays — no exceptions. The man fretted incessantly, like he still believed in the Boogie Man. He wouldn’t let Budda, Lando, or any of the foster kids that had come through their rambling three-story home, play in the backyard unless he could watch them. He said you never knew when a rampaging maniac would come smashing through their privacy fence and carry them off. And then who would be sorry? This remained the man’s dreadful outlook, even though Budda was approaching six feet and Lando was five-ten and pushing hard against 275 pounds. If anyone needed to worry about being carried off, it was their five-six, 140-pound father.
The parade of foster kids, many of them used to much more lax living environments, hated the house rules even more than Budda and Lando did. Addie bristled most.
“I get no privacy around here,” she said. “It’s gotten to where he’s standing guard outside the bathroom when I take a pee. He knocks on the door and asks if I’m okay in there.”
“It’s for our own good. He’s just trying to keep us all safe,” said Budda, parroting what he had heard Dad say many times. As an adoptee who took his father’s last name, he felt it necessary to defend the man to his temporary siblings.
“Nobody can guarantee anyone’s safety,” Addie said. “If the Boogie Man chooses to come after you, a 43-year-old environmental engineer in tie dye and granola sandals won’t do much to scare him off.”
Until Addie came to live with them, Budda hadn’t felt suffocated by his father’s relentless fretting about imagined dangers. Lando often complained about their father too, but then, he was a chronic complainer. Budda had tuned him out a long time ago. With Addie, Budda began to see things differently. Any time Budda broke a rule, even something harmless like reading a comic book in bed after lights out, he was overcome with guilt for days. But Addie had a different type of conscience. She ignored curfew, ate what she wanted when she wanted, and came and went from the house as she pleased. She didn’t always come home alone either. Budda was certain that she had sex with at least two different boys in her room when their parents were away. And she got away with it. 

An orange rear-loading garbage truck rumbled to a halt along the curb just ahead of Budda. A man in a backwards Atlanta baseball cap hopped off the back, thwacked off the lid to a public trash can and dumped its contents in the crusher. As the truck geared up and moved past Budda, he spotted a brown stream of stale beer and other ooze leaking from the back corner of the truck, right where the man rode.
My Lord, you could never get me to live in this place, Blood Mama said. Too much stinky-stink.
Budda had to agree. He wasn’t getting a pleasing first impression of Kentucky. But his ride across Illinois taught him that he should hold off on making any snap judgments.
It’s just normal city smells, he said. 
You’re an expert on all things urban all of a sudden? Just keep your eyes on what you’re doing. There’s bound to be all sorts of nasties out on a mild night like this. I can’t wait until we get out of the city and into the country where the girl is. 
Blood Mama wasn’t helping Budda conquer his fear of the strange city. Few people occupied the sidewalks, but anyone of them could hide a weapon. He closed his gap behind the girl to about twenty feet. After another block along Broadway, the girl turned abruptly, with something in her raised right hand that Budda couldn’t identify in the shadows.
“I got pepper spray, and I’ll use it on your ugly face if you come an inch closer,” the girl said.  




2

Budda froze. He didn’t know what pepper spray might feel like on his ugly face, and he had no ambition to find out. He wasn’t a big fan of pepper.
“What you following me for?” the girl asked. “Thinking about pushing me into a dark alley and pulling my pants down?”
Budda had thought no such thing. Without waiting for his answer, the girl pivoted and continued her trek, the spray tube clutched in her right hand like a grenade. Budda hesitated and then resumed following her, this time a little farther behind.
You got that girl thinking you’re some kind of sex pervert, Blood Mama said. 
It’s a public sidewalk. I’ve got a right to use it just like her. 
And she’s got the right to walk on it without you creeping up on her. If you was a girl, you think you’d like some stranger lurking behind you?
I guess not, Budda said. But she didn’t need to call me ugly.
Don’t pout about it. Someday, you’ll grow into your face. 
The glow of the yellow arches came into view. Budda was the only kid he knew who had never been inside a McDonald’s before. His father wouldn’t allow it, saying McDonald’s was representative of society’s decay — a heartless corporation milking the life out of diabetic, increasingly obese Americans who couldn’t resist a Big Mac combo meal. Budda didn’t know what any of that meant — he tuned out his father when he ranted about corporations — except that he wouldn’t be biting into a Big Mac as long as he lived under his father’s roof. (Lando, who let no parental dictate get between him and junk food, popped into the neighborhood McDonald’s frequently to gorge on taboo Quarter Pounders. He spent so much of his money there, it was a wonder they hadn’t mounted a framed picture of him next to the Employee of the Month.) 
This Louisville McDonald’s looked like a late night gathering spot for everyone in the city who had no place else to go. This included a good number of homeless and near-homeless, who spent their few coins and soiled dollar bills on an antidote to the normal soup kitchen and dumpster fare. The lines at the counter were deep, giving Budda plenty of time to study the overhead menu, a potpourri of fat and sugar in various combinations that would give his father a heart attack, and not just figuratively. It was so difficult to choose something that he was frozen by indecision. 
Get a Happy Meal, Blood Mama suggested. You used to like them when you were little. 
You know I’ve never been to McDonald’s before, Budda said.
Sure you have, when you were with that foster family in Festus. You were so young you don’t remember it. You’d gobble down those fries so fast the oil would like to burn your tiny tongue.
I don’t remember Festus. 
You were only with that family a short bit before you got to Kirkwood. They treated you tolerable, but they had cats. Your nose was running the whole time you were there. You hate cats.
After debating the merits and deficiencies of each value meal, Budda’s sweet tooth won out. He settled on two shakes, one chocolate and one vanilla, and deposited himself in one of the booths where he could see the entrance. You never knew when Addie might stroll into this very McDonald’s.
The girl from the bus sat at a nearby table, quickly engulfing nuggets and fries. In between chews, she talked on her phone while scowling at Budda. He reckoned she still regarded him as a predator. He tried to focus on his shakes and to avoid catching her eyes, but he couldn’t help but look at her. She was the only one he knew in Louisville. 
After a sip of each sickly-sweet, heavenly shake, Budda took out all the paper money from his wallet and pressed it flat on the table. He had a twenty, a ten and three ones remaining. The twenty was a bit smudged and oily. It disgusted him to imagine all the hands that had touched it before it got to Lando. From his pocket, Budda counted seventy-two cents in change. All told, it came to a bit less than he had thought. Addie would have to lend him more until he could find a job — at a McDonald’s maybe. That would be his dream job, especially if the shakes were free. He would have to look into the application process before he left to find Addie. Once he got the business of saving her out of the way, they might get a place together in Louisville. He would need a job.
Budda totaled the money a few more times, laying the twenty and the ten side-by-side, the three ones in a separate stack, and the coins in another group. He would have to go easy on the spending in case it took him awhile to reunite with his foster sister.
Budda surveyed the crowded dining area, which was a mix of the very tired and the very drunk. The place was oddly quiet for all the people that were there. Whatever they’d had to say that day had been said, and now they sat, even those in a group, in their private cocoons of thought.
The girl finished her meal quickly and strode over to Budda’s booth and stood over him. He was too uneasy to look up at her. What if she was ready to make good on her threat to use the pepper spray? He quickly scooped up the money lying on the table and jammed it in his pants pocket. 
“I guess you got a boner for shakes, huh?” she asked, nodding at the two cups in front of Budda. He blushed and stole a look at his lap to see if it was true.  
“My name’s Baresha,” she said. “Doesn’t mean anything in case you’re wondering. Just some dumb name my momma thought up when she had me. She said it just came to her when she shot me out.”
It made Budda uncomfortable to hear the girl talk so.
“I’m getting a job at a Starbucks when I’m old enough,” she said, “So I can be Baresha the barista. Funny huh? ”
Budda looked up and smiled a bit, thinking it was kind of funny. This was the first good look he had gotten of the girl. The bridge of her nose was a bit wide, which made her eyes too far apart. Instead of thinking her homely, however, Budda found her face appealing, even a bit exotic. Budda wouldn’t have used such a word, though, which had a different meaning back home. The only time he’d seen “exotic” was on a business sign in one of the more questionable neighborhoods, the ones his dad said he should always avoid.
“So you got a name or what?” Baresha asked. 
“Yeah.” 
“You think I’m just taking a poll? I’m wanting to know your name.” 
Budda almost introduced himself by his detestable nickname, but here was someone who would never know about it. He introduced himself as he wanted to be called.
“My full name is Kevin Bowman Jessico,” he said. “I was born Kevin Bowman, but I got adopted by the Jessico family, so now I’m Kevin Bowman Jessico. You can just call me Kevin, if you want.” 
Don’t get too cozy with this black girl. I didn’t raise you that way, Blood Mama said. 
You didn’t raise me at all if I remember right, Budda said. Me and this girl are just talking. She’s kind of cute, though. 
Um hmm. And while you’re seeing that nose doctor, ask if he can recommend a good eye doctor, too. Now, quit lollygagging and let’s go find the girl.
I will in a bit. Now leave us alone, will you? I can’t concentrate with you yapping in my ear. 
Budda didn’t often order Blood Mama away, and the surprise of it left her at a loss for words. She sulked off without an argument.
Baresha sampled Budda’s vanilla shake without asking. She followed that with a long drag from the other shake. Budda wondered if all girls from Indianapolis had balls like her.
“Did you know McDonald’s doesn’t use any real milk in its shakes?” she said. “Look at the menu. They just call them ‘shakes’. If the shakes here had milk in them, wouldn’t they call them ‘milk shakes?’  A kid at school told me they use some kind of cooking oil instead. Then they put a lot of sweetener in there to mask the taste. He also said they use seaweed to make it thicker. You believe that?”
Budda wasn’t sure he did, but he didn’t care. The shakes tasted better than anything he’d ever had before. He’d be making a lot more visits to McDonald’s now that he was free of his father. 
“They taste good,” he managed.
Baresha agreed. “Taste better than the ones my mom makes at home, and those got real milk and ice cream and everything. Wish they had butterscotch here,” she said, effortlessly darting from one thought to another. “So everybody calls you Kevin, huh?”
Budda nodded, though it wasn’t true. Except for Addie and his father, he couldn’t get anyone to call him Kevin. Kids at school, if they acknowledged him at all, called him Budda, thanks to Lando, may he die a slow painful death.
When Budda was eight, Lando caught him at the open refrigerator, jamming a full stick of butter in his mouth. Budda had always loved butter, on anything or by itself, and he ate it every chance he could. If he had been the self-analytical type, he may have wondered if he had been deprived of butter when he was in foster care. All he knew was that he loved the taste. 
Budda had been a little chubby when he was younger, and Lando started calling him Butter Butt after catching him at the refrigerator. The name eventually got shortened to Butter, which caught on with the other kids at the elementary school that both brothers attended. Before long, Butter became Budda. He couldn’t shake the name in middle school and now in high school, because Lando was right there with him to make sure of it. The more he insisted on being called Kevin, the more he became Budda.
He occasionally had butter on bread at home if no one was watching, but he never ate it in public. He figured that was why he had become so skinny.
 “I don’t know too many black girls in my school in St. Louis,” Budda, surprising himself for saying it. “They don’t talk to me.”
“Stunning. But you got the white girls falling all over you, huh?” Baresha asked.
“Not them either. But it doesn’t matter. I don’t have much to talk to them about.” 
Baresha returned to her table to retrieve her Coke, the only part of her meal she had yet to finish. “Mind if I join you?” she asked when she came back. It seemed a bit late to ask that, but Budda nodded it was okay. Blood Mama wouldn’t like it, though.
Baresha offered him her Coke. “You want?”
Budda shook his head. “I’ll be fine with my shakes.”
He pondered what it was about the girl that made her easier than others to talk to. Maybe Blood Mama was right that she wasn’t traditionally pretty, but the angles of her face made it seem more open and friendly than the average girl. Attractive girls would normally lead Budda to stammer if he could coax his mouth to utter any sound at all. Yet Baresha seemed so at ease, like she and Budda were old friends.
“I was just giving you a hard time back there when you were following me,” she said. “I’d seen you on the bus. You were talking to yourself. I also knew you were listening when I asked where the McDonald’s was. You make yourself pretty obvious.”
Budda didn’t know what she meant by that. He was thinking hard about taking another sip of his shake — either one — but he’d never used the same straw as a girl. He’d never used the same straw as anyone. His brother had always made a big deal of it, never letting Budda drink from the same cup or share a sandwich. Budda couldn’t understand what the big deal was, but he figured Lando knew things about germs that he didn’t. He liked that Baresha didn’t have such worries. 
“I’m here to meet a college boy,” Baresha said with obvious pride as she looked over her shoulder toward the entrance. “So if you see some hot-looking guy come in, that would for sure be him.”
Blood Mama came back. Of course she’s here to meet a guy. She’s just using you to entertain herself until then. 
What of it? I thought you said she was ugly anyway. 
Never once used that word. Now don’t go acting like it don’t bother you that she’s here to see some college boy, because I can see it does. She can see it, too. You’re looking like one of them dogs with the pouty jowls and droopy eyes.
Two college-age girls entered the restaurant. Baresha and Budda heard the whoosh of outside noise when the door open and turned to look. One of the girls wore a spaghetti strap top that revealed a red and blue butterfly on her right shoulder. The other girl, whose top was too tight for her muffin top midriff, stopped halfway in the door to flick a cigarette on the sidewalk.
Uninterested, Baresha turned back to Budda. “I called the boy I’m meeting to come pick me up here,” she said. “He’s nineteen, which makes him an all-out man, and I’m going to spend the weekend with him. We’ll have some serious fun.” 
“You’ve never seen him before?” Budda asked. It surprised him to feel protective of someone he just met, but he couldn’t help himself. “This doesn’t sound like such a good idea,” he said. “What if he turns out to be a child molester?” Some of his dad’s worrying had rubbed off on him.
“We already know each other pretty well,” Baresha said. “We talk on the Internet all the time. And besides, I haven’t been a child for years. I know how to take care of myself, in case you’ve already forgot about the pepper spray.”
“Do your parents know what you’re doing?” Budda asked. 
“My mom would murder me if she found out, I can tell you that. The school will call her tomorrow when I don’t show up, just like they always do. That’s when she’ll know I skipped. She’ll give me all kinds of hell when I go back, but I’ll just tell her I was staying over with a school friend for the weekend and my phone was out of juice.” She shrugged. “She’ll get over it.”
Baresha paused to study the soda cup on the table. “That’s if I go back. This college boy might be worth staying for.” She looked up at Budda. “How about you? What’d you come here for?”
Budda had barely heard what Baresha was saying. He focused on the drunken girls trying to place their orders. They talked much louder than they needed to, like they thought they were pretty and were used to being noticed. If they didn’t get the attention they wanted, they got louder. Budda knew girls like them at school.
The employee behind the counter, about the same age as the girls, waited impassively for their orders. Budda could tell she didn’t like them either. The worker was plain, brown-haired and a bit chubby, but Budda liked her. He appreciated girls who didn’t like pretty girls.
“Hey, boy,” Baresha said. “I just asked you a question. How come you’re here in Louisville?” 
“I’ve come from St. Louis to save my sister,” he said, bringing his focus back to Baresha. “As soon as morning comes, I’ll go try to find her.”
“What’s she need saving from?”
“I’m not sure,” Budda said. He wasn’t about to tell Baresha about Blood Mama. “I’m not even sure where she is exactly.”
“She’s not answering her phone?”
“I don’t know her number. I just know she moved back to this area where she’s from. I’ll find her, though.” 
“You came all the way here from St. Louis — to save her, you say — and you don’t even know where she lives? That doesn’t sound too well-planned.”
Instead of being offended, Budda appreciated Baresha’s bluntness. She was right. It didn’t sound too bright. Still, Blood Mama wouldn’t like anyone questioning her wisdom for telling Budda to come to Kentucky with no plan for how to find Addie. Sure enough, he could hear her in the back of his head. 
She came all the way here for some creep she’s never met. What’s that say about her IQ?
Budda blushed. “I’ll find her,” he repeated. “I don’t have much choice now that I’m here.”
Baresha thought for a moment. “Just in case you don’t find her, and just in case it doesn’t work out with my guy, we could meet back at the bus terminal Sunday evening. We could ride together as far as Indianapolis, if you want.”
Budda barely caught what Baresha said because he noticed a new customer, a sandy-haired runt of a guy draped in a red “University of Louisville” hoodie. When he entered, the munchkin eyed the two girls waiting for their orders at the counter, lingering on the backside of the prettier one. He then scanned the dining area. Baresha was chattering on about the boy she had come to meet and how hunky he was. The college kid, who might pass for a hunk among fourth graders, set his eyes on Baresha and came over.
“Baresha?” he asked, ignoring Budda.
“Stuart?” Baresha asked. Without waiting for an answer, she hopped up and gave him a hug and a kiss on the lips. She had to bend down a bit because Stuart was shorter than she was. Budda could tell Stuart would have a problem with that. Baresha bookended Stuart’s face with her hands and squeezed his mouth into a pucker.
“You’re even cuter than your picture.” she said, gushing over him like he was a toddler in Oshkosh overalls. 
Stuart’s body language showed his disgust with any public affection. Budda knew this because he wasn’t a fan of it either. Stuart wriggled away from Baresha’s grasp.
“Time to get out of here,” he said.
Budda reflexively jumped up and stood over Stuart. Budda was rarely assertive. He normally was the antithesis of it. But he felt Baresha needed this from him. He stood a half foot taller than Stuart, but his wispy physique wouldn’t scare a rabbit. Budda had seen a TV show about how toads, when threatened, sucked air into their lungs to make themselves look bigger. He inhaled as deeply as he could, but all it did was make his chest hurt.
Budda’s meek attempt at bravado amused Stuart. He casually put his hands on Budda’s chest and pushed him back into his seat.
“What was that all about?” Baresha asked, delighted that two boys were posturing over her.
“Better ask the twit,” Stuart said.
Feeling debased, Budda wouldn’t look up at Baresha. He stared at the table. 
Baresha grabbed her bag. “See you later, Kevin.” She followed Stuart, who was already headed out the door.
Budda didn’t know why she said she would see him later, because he didn’t think that would occur. He hoped she would be okay.
Blood Mama sat down in Baresha’s seat.
That ain’t gonna end well.
Budda agreed, but he didn’t want to talk about it with Blood Mama, who sounded like a bad ending was what she itched for.




3

After Baresha left, Budda spent the rest of the dark hours making his shakes last as long as he could. With that accomplished, he took a useless stab at sleeping. The restaurant’s hard plastic seats weren’t made to let a loiterer like Budda get too comfortable. Customer traffic had lulled a bit, and began to pick up again around six.
Blood Mama kept bugging him to begin his search for Addie. He was wasting time, he knew, but he had no idea where to start. He could wander the streets of Louisville, hoping to run into her, but even he knew the chances of that were slim. 
He saw a school bus pass by out the window and thought about what he would be doing at that hour if he were at home. Still sleeping, he concluded. He never rose until the last minute, often having changed into his clothes for the new day the night before. His clothes were wrinkled when he went to school, and his hair was disheveled. It made no difference because he was anonymous. Budda was fine with that. His brother was well known at school, but that didn’t make him popular either.
Lando, who incessantly bullied Budda at home, was himself the target of constant torment at school. He was a big, dumb kid who couldn’t keep his mouth shut. Even Budda was smart enough to know such a combination was to some teenagers what the smell of blood was to sharks. 
Lando and Budda weren’t related by blood, even though many people assumed so. Budda had been adopted first, when he was two. Lando came a year later, first as a foster child. The line of families waiting to adopt Lando was microscopically short, so he was destined to shuttle from one place to another if the Jessicos hadn’t adopted him more out of pity than love.
Their legal mother, who had never been the nurturing type, suffered her husband’s efforts to save the world’s forgotten children, and never silently.
“I didn’t sign up for this,” she would say, without caring who heard her. 
Her husband wouldn’t dispute her. “I know,” he said. Then he would try to hug her, like that would make it better. It only infuriated her more.
“I suppose I should blame myself,” she said. “When you said you couldn’t procreate, I said I could live with that. I should have been more specific and said, ‘fine by me, because I never wanted kids in the first place’.” 
“I know this isn’t what you had in mind,” Dad said. “But who knows where these kids would be without us? And you love them just as much as I do.” 
She didn’t, but that didn’t bother Budda much. He had Blood Mama, and even though his father could be stifling, he knew he was lucky to have his care. He would have been happy with just the three of them, without Lando.
Lando was two years older than Budda, but they were only a year apart in school. A handful of other foster brothers and sisters had come and gone, but most stayed for only a few months until the state could find a more permanent place for them. Lando and Budda never got close to the temporaries. Only Addie was able to wear down Budda by becoming his protector. She was the oldest, already nearly eighteen years old when she arrived, and Budda liked having a big sister. Addie took to Budda as well, saying she had four brothers back in Kentucky, and she missed having boys around. 
“You remind me bit of Jared, the one we all call Po Po,” she told Budda. “He always wanted to be a cop when he was little, which is how he got the nickname. He quit wanting to be a cop when he found out he couldn’t shoot just anyone who wanted to. He’s like you, because he don’t talk much either, but he’s probably the smartest of the lot.”
“But I’m not smart,” Budda said.
“Sure you are. That’s why Lando’s always beating on you. He’s real jealous of smart kids.”
Budda wasn’t used to anyone calling him smart, and he liked to hear it from Addie. He looked for opportunities to get her to say it.
“Lando’s all the time calling me retarded,” Budda said. “You think I’m retarded?” 
“Lando needs to take a good long look in the mirror before he calls anyone else retarded,” Addie said. “He’s got less sense than a farm turkey in a rainstorm. Don’t let him get to you. If he does any more than name-calling, you come and get me. He may be big, but that’s all fat on him. I bet I could take him in a fair fight, so long as he doesn’t suffocate me in belly blubber.”
Addie kept her word. She never tussled physically with Lando because she never had to. Lando genuinely feared Addie. Her hazel eyes could turn crazy-looking and almost yellow any time she got angry. Even Budda found them a bit unsettling.
“Look here, Orlando, I’ll go all hillbilly on your ass if you even look sideways at your little brother,” Addie said. Lando hated to be called by his full first name — he said it made him sound Mexican — which was why Addie never called him anything else. “When I get through with you,” she said, “your reproductive chances will drop to zilch, if you ever had any chances at all.”
“I haven’t laid a finger on that little twit,” Lando protested.
“But you’re thinking about it real hard. I’d tell you to go pick on someone your own size, but there aren’t too many around here in your weight class. I’ll have to do for an opponent, so be prepared to have your ass strapped by a 115-pounder.” 
Lando still got in his licks in on Budda, but never when Addie was around. Lando warned Budda he’d make it worse on him if he tattled to Addie, which Budda knew was true. He was never happier at home than when Addie was there. 
Blood Mama liked Addie, too. She said Addie reminded her of herself, to a point. 
The girl’s got a double-shot of spunk. You need that to get by in this nasty world if you don’t have a load of money or looks. 
She’s got the looks, Blood Mama, Budda said.
Open your eyes, Kevin. Her face looks like she held it too close to a grease-poppin’ frying pan. Please tell me you don’t see her as more than your temporary sister. Get that idea out of your head right now. You may not be blood related, but it would still close enough to incest to give even me the willies. 
Budda protested, telling her he was amazed and sad she would think such a thing. He had to send her away when she made him uncomfortable like that.
Addie was the last of the temporary foster children. Dad took in no more kids after Budda’s legal mother left. Dad said Mom had people in Oklahoma, and they needed her back there to look after them. He said she would be back when the situation out there calmed down. Budda knew better. His mother wouldn’t return unless the situation calmed down in their own home. That was unlikely as long as there were kids around. She wasn’t cut out for the work of raising a gaggle of kids that nobody else wanted. Addie was the one that finally cured her of parenting for good.
“That girl has been smoking pot again,” she said the day before she moved out. “I can smell it all over her clothes. God knows what else she’s been doing that we can’t smell. And where she’s earning the money to buy her drugs, I can’t imagine.”
“Well,” Dad said. 
“That’s all you can say?”
“Well, she needs to feel loved and protected. She’ll be all right if we’re patient with her.”
“She doesn’t need protection. She needs punishment. And if you don’t have the backbone to punish her, then you can at least start doing her laundry. I’d make her do it, but she’d just go around in dirty clothes. Then I’d get in trouble for neglect.”
“I’ll talk to her,” Dad said calmly. 
“Talk? If she responded to simple talk, she wouldn’t be here with us, would she? That girl’s a lost cause, just like the others. But you can’t get that through your head, can you? You think you have to save the whole world, when everyone but you knows you’re not saving a soul.”
“I’ll talk to her,” Dad repeated. 
“You’re pitiful.”
Budda didn’t miss his legal mother when she left. It surprised him that Blood Mama sympathized with her.
Some people aren’t cut out for mothering like I am. 
She didn’t work very hard at it. 
I believe she did. If she hadn’t, she would have beat it the hell out of here a long time before now.
I wouldn’t have lost any sleep if she had, Budda said. I hope I never see her again.
Addie returned to Kentucky as soon as she turned eighteen and could go anywhere she pleased. Lando didn’t hide his delight in seeing her go, but Budda hoped until the last minute that she would change her mind. Dad gave her a chance, though with conditions.
“You’re part of this family and welcome to live here as long as you want,” Dad told her. “Besides the normal house rules, you need to work toward your GED. Then we’ll see about getting you in at the community college.” 
“Your terms don’t suit me,” Addie said. “I’m not college material and don’t want to be. School and me never got along.”
“You’re going to need some sort of diploma to get anywhere, and even a GED won’t get you much,” Dad said. He knew she would never go back to a class of any sort once she stepped out the door.
“I’ll have to take my chances then,” she said. “My school days are over.” 
Addie hadn’t called or emailed since she moved back to Kentucky. Budda guessed she was too busy getting reacquainted with her family and getting on with life, but he also knew she hadn’t forgotten him. Assuming she would invite him to stay with her after the rescue, he hadn’t packed many clothes for his bus trip. He could buy some easily enough. Since he planned to change everything about himself, new clothes were a good place to start. More than likely, one of Addie’s kin could get him work. Past that, he hadn’t thought much about the future.
When Addie moved out, abuse from Lando worsened. Thick of mind and body, Lando had been a crack baby, or so other kids at school claimed. Their father had never said that was the case, but Budda assumed his schoolmates knew what they were talking about. They were more world-wise than Budda.
It made sense about Lando, because he couldn’t grasp even the most basic concepts of math or grammar. He had been pushed along from grade to grade because he wasn’t quite slow enough to be held back, except for once when he repeated fifth grade. He was so large that he already looked out of place and older than the other kids in his sophomore class. A half dozen inch-long whiskers had sprouted on his lower chin. If held back again, he would look even older. Worse, he would be in the same grade as Budda. Should that happen, Lando’s shame would spur him to torment Budda even more. Picked on as he was at school, Lando needed someone he could return the favor to, and he had the convenience of a younger brother who didn’t fight back. Budda had enough of it the day he left for Louisville. 
“I’m going to need you to give me ten bucks,” Lando said as they waited at the corner for the school bus that morning. 
“I don’t have any money,” Budda said, which was a lie. “What do you need ten bucks for anyway?”
“Lunch.” 
“Lunch costs two-fifty. What do you need ten for?”
“None of your business. I know you got ten because I seen it in your wallet last night.”
“Stay out of my stuff. Remember what Dad said.” 
“He also said you got to do what I say on the bus.”
Budda peered down the street as the yellow bus turned the corner two blocks away onto their street. “We’re not on the bus yet. Besides, Dad only said that one time, like five years ago.” 
“Unless you want a real serious ass beating right now in front of everyone, hand over the money. I’ll pay you back later.” 
Lando had “borrowed” hundreds of dollars from Budda and never returned any of it. Budda knew his brother didn’t need the money, because he regularly stole cash from their father. Budda checked his brother’s not-so-secret stash, which Lando kept in an empty tin dominos container beneath his bed.
Lando had gotten the dominos from their parents two Christmases earlier, and had immediately tossed the contents in the trash. In addition to cash, Lando kept four Marlboro cigarettes (three of them broken) and one Trojans condom which would deteriorate in its wrapper before Lando had any occasion to use it. Budda knew the inventory because he sneaked into Lando’s room regularly when his brother was at football practice. The night before, he had counted close to a hundred dollars in the dominos tin. Dad knew Lando stole from his wallet, but he never said anything. He preferred keeping a nominal peace to severe punishment.
This time at the bus stop, Budda wasn’t going to give in to Lando’s threats. He held firm and refused to hand over the ten dollars. As the bus rolled to a stop in front of them, Lando snapped the back of his hand across Budda’s face, hard enough to sting his nose and water his eyes.
“Hope you like the way my hand tastes, because you’re getting a full meal of it tonight,” Lando said. “You’ll wish you’d just ponied up the money.”
Blood Mama’s attitude toward Lando was one of the things that disappointed Budda the most. Any time Budda complained about his brother, Blood Mama made him feel guilty for it. 
He doesn’t know any better way to express himself. 
You ought to hate him as much as I do, Budda said. He steals from me. He beats me up. I can’t wait for him to be out of my life.
He’s in for a rougher go of it than you. Things won’t be any better for him than they are right now. At least he’s got a safe home with you and your legal daddy.
Because of him, it’s not a safe home for me, Budda said. I’m through putting up with it.
Then let’s hit the road and go get the girl like I’ve been trying to get you to do, Blood Mama said. Here’s your chance to solve two problems at the same time.
Budda missed Addie fiercely, and Blood Mama’s idea had begun to take hold in his mind as a wise idea. At school that day, he formulated his plan, such as it was, to go find Addie. Lando had football practice that afternoon, which provided Budda a violence-free ride home on the bus without him. He had two hours before his dad picked up Lando from practice on his way home. That would be enough time to pack what he could and leave for the bus station. He only had to make sure he was still home when he father made his after-school check-in call to the house. Any time Budda or his brother were home alone, Dad called to make sure they had locked the front and back doors, and that the stove was off. Budda had never used the stove, but his father asked anyway.
After shoving a change of clothes in his backpack and grabbing Oliver Twist as an afterthought, he took Lando’s money and added it to the small amount he had. As a final insult to his brother, he rubbed each cigarette in the palms of his hands so that bits of paper and tobacco created a little brown and white mound on Lando’s carpet. Then he unrolled the condom and stretched it over the outside knob of Lando’s bedroom door.




4

About nine in the morning, breakfast traffic at the McDonald’s began to slow. The counter shift had changed, which meant the current crew didn’t know Budda had been there nearly seven hours. That could buy him a bit more time before they tired of him hanging around and not buying anything. He thought about getting a sausage biscuit, but he didn’t want to spend any more money yet. A mix of customers came and went all morning.
He wondered what Baresha was doing. He hoped she wasn’t having sex with that guy. He didn’t want her to get hurt, but he hoped she wouldn’t like Stuart so that she would catch the Sunday night bus to Indianapolis. Of course, he wouldn’t be there, would he? He would like to see Baresha again, but he was staying in Kentucky.
A middle-aged woman in a blue button-up shirt, the restaurant’s manager, Budda guessed, had begun to take an interest in him — coming around to wipe some of the tables around Budda, even though they were already clean. Budda had caught her looking at him a few times, although she didn’t look particularly angry. Budda wondered if he should go find someplace else — another fast food place to wait, maybe — but to wait for what? Addie was unlikely to waltz into that McDonald’s any time soon. He remembered she liked their iced tea, and maybe she’d happen to get a strong desire for some that day. But how many McDonald’s were there in Louisville? And what would that say about the danger Blood Mama said she was in? People in mortal peril didn’t just stroll into a McDonald’s like nothing was wrong, did they?
A man entered the restaurant and ordered at the counter. Budda noticed him because of how dark his neck was, like his job had him working outside every day. That made sense because the back of his t-shirt said “Robt. Mogley Jr.’s Landscaping”. In smaller letters below that on the shirt was “Valkyrie, KY”. Budda remembered that Valkyrie was Addie’s hometown. 
The man had only ordered coffee and was already on his way out the door before Budda mustered the guts to get up and follow him. Budda wasn’t comfortable talking to anyone, let alone strangers. But the landscaper more than likely knew Addie, if the town was as small she had described.
“Hey there,” he yelled as the man continued toward a pickup hooked to a twelve-foot lowboy. The rig was parked along a metal barrier behind the restaurant. The truck, royal blue and rusted through in areas behind the rear wheels, had “Robt. Mogley Jr. Landscaping/Valkyrie, KY” painted in white on the side of the door. It was an amateur paint job. Rather than level, the two lines drifted downward from left to right, as Budda used to write on tablet paper in second grade. The trailer hauled a commercial walk-behind mower like Budda had seen used on the grounds of his school. A smaller push mower was squeezed in behind it and bungeed to a wire side rack, on which hung two gas-powered leaf blowers and a trimmer.
Budda caught up with the man just as he was opening his door. “Excuse me. Mr. Mogley?”
Suspicious, the man nodded.
“Can I bother you for just a moment?”
Mogley shook his head and got in the pickup. It had gotten to where a man couldn’t stop for coffee without someone begging a buck. And it wasn’t just old bums either. Kids at loose ends or skipping school were the worst cadgers of all. He usually went through the drive-through, but the line was long and looked slow. It served him right for trying save a few seconds. 
Budda’s best chance so far of finding Addie was just about to drive away when Blood Mama showed up. 
Unless you intend to set up camp at this McDonald’s for the rest of your life, you better not let him get away. 
Budda grabbed the door so that the man couldn’t shut it. He did so in a casual way, but it was an assertiveness that felt foreign to him. It surprised Mogley, too, so much so that he didn’t force the door closed, even though he could have easily done it. But he gave Budda an ass-kicking’s-soon-coming-your-way look that Budda couldn’t misread.
“I’m trying to find Addie Starkwether,” Budda said in a hurry. “I’m pretty sure she’s from Valkyrie.” 
Mogley took a cautious sip of his coffee, which was still so hot he would lose a layer of tissue from the roof of his mouth anyway.
“Yeah, we got some Starkwethers down there,” he said. “Most of them’s not good for much. What’d you say was the name of yours?”
“Addie Starkwether,” Budda said, feeling a bit encouraged. 
“That a man, woman or child?”
“She’s for sure a girl. Just turned eighteen last May. Her real name’s Addison, but she hates to be called that.” 
Mogley gave Budda a good look, particularly noticing the dark circles beneath his eyes and the stuffed backpack he toted. “You trying to get to Valkyrie then?”
Budda hadn’t realized it, but that was exactly what he was trying to do. “I figured from your work shirt that you live there.”
“I guess she’s your girl or something?” Mogley knew boys who would spare no effort to chase after a chance at getting some. He had been like that himself not too long ago.
“No sir, she’s my sister.”
Mogley thought about it for a moment. What the hell. “I got three jobs around here,” he said as he fired the engine. “If you’re still here at quitting time, I guess it wouldn’t kill me to let you ride back to Valkyrie.”
Budda was elated to make some progress toward finding Addie. “When is quitting time?” he asked. 
“When the work’s finished,” Mogley said, pulling away. 
After Mogley left, Budda headed back inside the McDonald’s, but Blood Mama stopped him.
You ought to look for a change of scenery, she said. They’re not going to let you loaf in there all day. 
I’ve got no place else to go, Budda said.
You got this whole city. It’s daylight. Lots of people around. You can’t get into too much danger as long as the beggars leave you alone. Just start walking.
All right then, Budda said. But I don’t know which way to walk.
Use your noggin. As long as you pay attention where you’re headed, you can find your way back. This here’s Broadway, so if you go north, you’ll want to head south when you come back and so on. We’re not talking brain surgery here.
No, but it felt like it to Budda. He didn’t know which way was south or north, so he turned left and walked a few blocks and then right, keeping in mind which general direction he would have to go to return to the McDonald’s. After wandering several blocks, he spotted a hotel. 
Now that’s what I’m talking about, Blood Mama said. That’s where you need to go.
I’ve got to get to Valkyrie, Budda said. I can’t stay in a hotel here.
No, but you can sure eat at one. That’s the kind of hotel that’s got those free breakfasts. 
I think you’ve got be a guest to eat their food. I’m not a guest.
Don’t ask, don’t tell. Now let’s get in there and see what they got.
The hotel’s breakfast buffet area was small and quiet, just off to the side of the front desk. The first thing Budda noticed was the waffle maker, sitting invitingly on the counter like a Belgian temptress. The Jessico household had a waffle maker, too, but only once a year was it ceremoniously retrieved from the back of a cabinet where it had gathered dust since the previous New Year’s Day. Dad only abided letting his children consume syrup — a special treat — on the first morning of the year, because he didn’t want them to become diabetic. Except for rare occasions when he fried turkey bacon, the only breakfast options at home were cold cereal, yogurt and fruit. And if you think Cap’n Crunch or Froot Loops ever made it on the Jessico grocery list, forget it. Anything with more than five grams of sugar was verboten. 
Other meals weren’t much better. Budda’s father was a fair cook, but he had interesting ideas on what passed for good food. Budda suspected that was another reason Addie moved out as soon as she could.
“If I have to eat any more of that tofu junk,” she said, “I’ll generate enough gas to power the entire Mississippi Valley.”
The hotel’s buffet had sweetened cereal, and, if that wasn’t enough, glazed doughnuts. While Budda waited for his waffle to cook, he loaded a plate with doughnuts, a cheese Danish, and then filled a bowl with Frosted Flakes. Just thinking about it made his blood pressure percolate. For good measure, he poured two packets of sugar on top of the cereal. To satisfy his thirst, he poured one cup of apple juice and one of orange juice. 
He sat down at a table by himself, prepared to enjoy the greatest breakfast of his life. Before he began, the surveyed the dining area, which was empty but for a few tables. He was the only one there who didn’t look like he didn’t have a business appointment that morning. The other diners were fresh and well groomed. None of them looked like they had spent the night in a McDonald’s.
Budda had taken one bite of a doughnut and a gulp of apple juice when someone tapped him on the shoulder from behind. 
“May I see your room card?”




5

Budda looked up to see a man in a blue blazer and tie. A gleaming gold pin over his breast pocket claimed he was the desk manager. 
“My what?” Budda asked, doughnut crumbs tumbling from his mouth as he spoke. 
“The key card for your room,” the manager said. “This breakfast is for guests only.”
Budda looked at the plates of food in front of him. The butter on the waffle was perfectly melted, a lipid yellow island in a sea of tantalizing syrup. 
“Can I take this with me so it won’t go to waste?” 
“Leave the food there and please leave.”	
After exiting the hotel, Budda groused to Blood Mama that he might need to quit listening to her. 
Maybe you shouldn’t have piled  fifty doughnuts on a plate. 
You’re off by forty-seven. I only got three.
I’m just talking hyperbole.
I don’t care what you’re talking, but I only had three, Budda said. 
Hyperbole means… forget it. I guess I was paying more attention in your language arts class than you were. Better not get too far from that McDonald’s. You don’t want to miss your ride with the lawnmower man.	
Budda meandered back in the general direction of the McDonald’s. He could only guess how long it would be before Mogley returned. Based on the time it took him and Lando to mow and trim their own yard, he imagined he had the rest of the morning and then some to wait. He thought about walking back to the bus station — it wouldn’t be unusual for people to wait a long time there — but he couldn’t remember for sure where it was. He had only found the McDonald’s because he had followed Baresha.
Budda’s mind kept wandering back to the confident girl from Indianapolis. He found it easier to imagine her liking him when there was no chance of seeing her again. He wondered what she and Stuart were doing.
They’re getting into some serious mattress banging by now, Blood Mama said. 
No, they’re not. She’s not like that.
You can tell that after sharing a shake with her? That’d be darn impressive, if it wasn’t so wrong.
I could tell she wasn’t like that, Budda said. 
That girl came to Louisville for one thing, and it wasn’t to watch the Kentucky Derby.

After further traipsing downtown sidewalks for awhile, Budda stumbled across a city library. He knew from his school experience that the library could be a good place to escape for a nap, which he was beginning to need.
A homeless man, layered in three dirty jackets, stood near the entrance. The man remembered seeing Budda at the McDonald’s. He knew an easy mark and shuffled over to Budda.
“Sorry to trouble you, young man,” he said. “I was on my way to Indianapolis when my car broke down. I got a sister there who’s sick, and I’ve got to get up there.”
They had lots of homeless people in St. Louis, too, but Budda had never talked to one.
“I’m sorry for your sister,” Budda said. “I’m trying to get to my sister, too.”
That caught the man by surprise. In all the times he’d told the story, no one had ever said they were sorry for his sister, who as far as he knew, was still doing fine in Cleveland.
“Appreciate it,” the man said. “But if you could spare a dollar or two for bus fare, I’ll be able to get up there.”
Don’t even think about giving this hairball your money.
“I’m pretty sure it takes more than a dollar or two to get to Indianapolis,” Budda said. “I just came from there.”
“Don’t you worry about that,” the man said. “I don’t expect you to pay for the whole ticket.” He was thinking how he had to work a lot harder at this than usual. Most folks didn’t talk to him, or even look at him. They either gave him a few coins, or they hurried away like they hadn’t seen him.
Don’t do it.
Budda took out his wallet. He saw it was empty and remembered he had hurriedly stashed the bills in his pocket when Baresha had come to his table. When he pulled out the money, he had only 23 dollars. The ten-dollar bill was missing. He must have dropped it in the restaurant. He grudgingly handed a dollar to the man.
“Sure wish you could spare another,” the man said, he eyes trained on the portrait of Andrew Jackson on the twenty that Budda clutched. 
“I wish I could, too,” Budda said, walking past the man into the library.
Did you go deaf all of a sudden? Blood Mama asked.
I hate to say no.
You better learn how or you’ll be deep in it real soon. This ain’t your little suburb, you know.
After appraising the main library floor, Budda found an elevator and went to the second floor, hoping for fewer people and an opportunity to sleep undisturbed. The higher floor, which housed the periodical section, was even busier than the first floor. The air of the cavernous room smelled something like dead grass to Budda, as it held tons of magazines that were reverting back into wood dust at a hyper-glacial speed.
Budda could tell from the crowd in the place that he wasn’t the only one with no place to go that day. They looked like the pre-dawn crowd at McDonald’s. He found a table occupied by only one other person, and, using his backpack as a pillow, put his head down and immediately sank into a fitful nap. 
He woke two hours later feeling even worse than before. But he was young, and the ache he felt in his neck would soon go away. It was nearly 1:30, and he was quite hungry. He turned on his phone to see if he had gotten any calls or texts. He had one message and three texts from his dad. He didn’t check any of them. The battery light was flashing. Turning off the phone would take the rest of the power.
Budda walked back to the McDonald’s, which, to his surprise and delight, was only a block from the library. He asked the shift manager if anyone had turned in a ten-dollar bill. The manager, who had heard crazier questions from stranger-looking people, shook her head. Budda ordered a hamburger from the dollar menu and got a cup for water. He spent the rest of the afternoon waiting.




6
Budda had all but given up on Mogley returning when the landscaper wheeled his pickup and trailer into the parking lot around six. Budda had left the restaurant two hours earlier to wait outside on a low brick wall along Broadway just so he wouldn’t miss his ride to Valkyrie.
Mogley waved for Budda to get in, and he pulled away before Budda had even shut the door behind him. Mogley smelled of sweat, cut grass, and had the sour breath of a drinker. Budda knew the smell from the times his legal mother had gotten fed up with the kids. Where his mother preferred vodka and cranberry juice to lighten the load of parenthood, Mogley seemed to lean toward Bud Light. The floor on his side of the truck was a sea of empty blue aluminum bottles.
Blood Mama warned Budda to be careful about taking the ride. Something about this guy doesn’t sit quite right with me. You be careful about what you talk about. Don’t give strangers your real name.
I’m not that stupid, Budda said.
I guess we’ll see soon enough. 
Budda would prove to Blood Mama that he could handle himself by starting a conversation with Mogley, though he would keep it safe. 
“How long does it take to get to Valkyrie?” he asked. 
Mogley shrugged. “Long enough. Sometimes the traffic’s like a funeral procession. A good chunk of the people who work in the city live down that way, and they all rubberneck at the tiniest fender bender. Things should have thinned out some by now if we’re lucky.”
Mogley’s answer was sufficient for Budda, though he didn’t notice his question hadn’t been answered.
Mogley went through his mind the quickest place to drop off the kid once he got to Valkyrie. He knew of the Starkwethers, all right. Knew some of them a little too well. This kid didn’t look like any Starkwether he’d ever met. If he was any kin to them, Mogley would do well to be rid of him as soon as he got to town. He thought he might drop off the kid up there by the new Kroger and let him find his sister from there.
“I guess you mow lawns, huh?” Budda asked. 
“What was your first clue?” Mogley asked, thinking about the large lawnmower he towed.
“I mow our lawn,” said Budda. “That’s pretty boring. I guess it must be real boring to have to mow every day.”
“Pays good,” Mogley answered with a grunt. He already regretted coming back to get the boy. He almost hadn’t, because he took seriously the adage that no good deed went unpunished. Heck, it was his life’s philosophy. Somehow this would end up being a bad idea. 
Mogley was already in a surly mood because of how his day had gone. His first customer, an old woman in St. Matthews, toddled out to tell him to stop mowing her yard when he was already half finished with it. The old bag said even a blind fool could see the grass didn’t need cutting, and she wasn’t about to pay for what he’d already done.
Dry spell or not, Mogley needed to make a living, which Mrs. Rip Van Wrinkles didn’t understand. Rather than waste time arguing, however, Mogley loaded up his equipment and went on to his second job. He’d get back at the old bitch next time by skipping the weed trimming. On his third job, the engine on the push mower kept missing — he hadn’t taken the time lately to clean the spark plugs — and it took about twice as long as it should have. With gas and what he’d spent on Bud Lights at the bar, Mogley wouldn’t break even on the day.
The warm buzz from the beer made Mogley more talkative than usual. And he didn’t want to make the forty minute drive in total silence. As he steered the rig up the on rap to South I-65, Mogley said, “I don’t remember you telling me your name.”
“Kevin.”
“Kevin Starkwether, huh.”
“No,” Budda said. He was about to give his last name, but he remembered to heed Blood Mama’s words, even though her advice earlier that day hadn’t been so stellar.
Mogley grunted. He was a little peeved that the kid withheld his last name, like he didn’t trust Mogley. You’d think if he was okay taking a ride with a stranger, he could at least say who he was. Oh well. If the kid had a stick up his butt, that was fine with Mogley.
“I’m guessing you’re not from Louisville,” Mogley said.
“Not yet anyway. I’m from St. Louis,” Budda said, deciding it was permissible to say that much. “But I don’t live there anymore. Once I find my sister, I think I’ll stay here in Kentucky. I’m getting kind of tired of St. Louis.” 
Mogley noticed again the stuffed backpack that sat between him and his passenger. It must have been everything the boy owned. He was dressed like he came from a decent home, though he looked as though he’d slept in his clothes a night or two. There was a kind of smell to him, too, like his armpits needed a good scrubbing.
“Unless things have changed since this morning, I’m reckoning you don’t have an address for your sister,” Mogley said. 
Budda shrugged, realizing Mogley didn’t know where to find Addie, as he’d hoped. “Valkyrie’s a small town, isn’t it?”
“Depends on what you call small,” Mogley said, “Smaller than some, bigger than others. There’s the new Valkyrie and the old Valkyrie. Folks who work in Louisville keep building cracker box houses out here. They got the new shopping center and Applebee’s and such. The old part’s where the rest of us live. We’re the ones who get our finger nails dirty and don’t need to work in air conditioned offices. It’s not hard to tell who lives in the new and who lives in the old. We got the farmers’ tans and the cargo vans. They got the spray-on tans and the Acuras.”
Valkyrie sounded a little bigger than Budda imagined, but he still assumed Mogley had some idea where to find Addie. 
Traffic on the interstate buzzed along at a steady pace, and they soon hit the Valkyrie exit. “There’s a Walgreens right up here on the bypass,” Mogley said. “I’ll drop you off there and you can start asking around. You might run into somebody there who knows the Starkwether girl you’re looking for.”
“You don’t have any idea where she lives?” Budda asked. “She’s probably living with one of her brothers. She’s got a lot of those.”
“I don’t even know if your sister’s in Valkyrie. I just know Starkwethers live around here. And they don’t invite me over on Saturday nights to look at picture albums. You’ll have to do some asking around.”
It might take a bit longer to locate his sister, but Budda wasn’t discouraged. He liked what he saw of the town, so far. Everything along the road leading into Valkyrie looked safe and new. It had a shopping center with a grocery store as big as anything in St. Louis, a Target, a tanning salon, a tire store, a Taco Bell and a Wendy’s. Even the road was new; four-laned, black and smooth. Budda liked new. Valkyrie would suit him fine once he found Addie.
When the truck stopped in the Walgreen’s parking lot, Budda grabbed his bag to get out. He was going to thank his driver, but he wasn’t sure if he should offer him a few dollars, as well. “I wish I could give you something for the ride,” Budda said. 
“I wish you could, too,” Mogley said. Until that moment, he hadn’t expected an offer of payment. But he wasn’t going to turn it down. He had to make something out of the day. 
 Before he could think it through, Budda pulled his wallet out of his pocket and opened it, looking at the bills inside. He still had the twenty and two ones. 
Mogley peered into the wallet as well. “That twenty ought to do it,” he said. “Still a helluva lot cheaper than a cab ride.” 
Budda handed him the twenty and got out. He almost said “thank you”, but he decided the twenty was thanks enough.
Fool.
He entered the Walgreens to look around. He was hungry, but now twenty dollars closer to broke. He didn’t want to use his remaining cash, so he fished for the 66 cents in his pocket. If he could find something cheap enough — maybe some sunflower seeds — he could use that to tide himself over until he found Addie.
He approached the cashier at the front of the store. She was a plain woman who grimaced like friendly customer service was the last thing on her list of professional goals. 
“I’m trying to locate my sister who recently moved back to Valkyrie. Her name’s Addie Starkwether,” Budda said. “Any chance you know her?” 
The woman relaxed a little, though not quite enough to look friendly. “I figured you were going to try to get me to sell you a pack of cigarettes. All you kids think we’re a pushover here. I get real tired of it.” 
Budda didn’t think the woman looked at all like a pushover. And since he had never been to this store before that moment, he wasn’t sure why he needed to be grouped with those who held that opinion of her. But he had no time to worry about that. He asked her again if she knew Addie.
“That name doesn’t ring a bell, but I’m from Bardstown,” the cashier said, her voice raspy from forty years of smoking unfiltereds. In her day, you could buy smokes from a vending machine. You didn’t need to hassle a cashier at the corner drug.
She sized up Budda and guessed he didn’t have the wherewithal to find who he was looking for, unless they happened to walk into the store that second holding a “Here I am” sign. He didn’t look like he had a lot going on upstairs — something about the dazed look in his eyes gave her that thought.
A bent-over man, even more ancient than the cashier, shuffled into the store. Nodding to the man as he slowly passed the counter, the cashier said, “Harvey might know your sister. He’s old Valkyrie.” Then without seeing if Budda wanted to ask Harvey, she called out to him. “You know any of the Starkwethers?”
Harvey, who was headed back to the pharmacy, stopped his shuffling. “If I did, would you hold it against me?” He resumed his trek without waiting for an answer. “Might know one or two. That’d be one or two too many.” 
The cashier called after him. “Where might they be found if you were looking for them?”
“I wouldn’t look for them,” Harvey said, without breaking his slow amble. 

7

Budda exited the Walgreens without buying a snack and crossed the intersection, going south on the sidewalk along the busy road. He hoped he was headed toward the center of Valkyrie, but he could have been walking in the wrong direction for all he knew. Why he should go toward the center of town wasn’t clear to him. The cashier had only suggested he ask someplace else.
He walked on a sidewalk along the busy road when he soon came to another intersection, not quite as busy as the first, which had him wondering if he should continue on or turn one way or the other. Occupying the opposite corner was a red and yellow Stop’n Pump convenience store. He would ask for better directions there.
“We don’t really have a center of town around here,” the woman behind the counter said. “There wasn’t much of a town at all until all the new folks started building out here.” Something about him indicated to the woman that he needed all the help he could get. He looked a bit discombobulated, and she could tell he wasn’t a local. The stuffed back pack he hefted tipped her off to that. If he had a pile of text books in it, it would have been more squared than rounded.
“Where exactly are you trying to get to?” she asked. 
“I’m not sure,” the boy answered, confirming her observation. “I’ve come here to live with my sister, except I don’t exactly know where she lives.” 
“Lost her address, huh? It might be good to start with giving me her name. The town’s grown a lot since I was a girl, but we’re not so big yet. I might know of her.” 
“Addie Starkwether. Addie is short of Addison, but she gets put out if anyone calls her that. Everyone should be called the name they want to be called.” 
“That would logical, I suppose,” the woman said. “I know the last name. Some of them come in here for pork rinds and whatnot, but you don’t look like any of those boys by a far cry.”
“We’re not related by blood,” Budda said. 
The woman nodded as if that explained a lot. She picked up the cell phone sitting next to the register. “Let me yell at Earl for a sec and see if he knows any more than me. He’s real good with putting names to faces.” She thumbed a speed dial number. 
“A boy here’s looking for his sister,” she said into the phone. “She’s one of those Starkwethers.” Then she asked Budda, “What’d you say her first name was?”
“Addie,” Budda said. He started to explain again about never calling her Addison, but the clerk was already talking again on the phone to Earl. 
“Addie,” she said.  Then to Budda again: “About how old?”
“Eighteen,” Budda said. 
“Eighteen,” the woman repeated to Earl. After a pause, “I know which one you mean. All right then. See you when I get off at eight, Baby Cheeks. “
After disconnecting, the cashier pointed west. “Earl says the last he knew there was a Starkwether girl working at the Chinese place up the road here on the left. It’s called the Beijing something or other. A Chinese couple named Wei runs the place. It’s no more than a minute’s drive. I don’t know if she’s the one you’re looking for, but if she’s a Starkwether, she ought to know where to find yours. That group sticks to their own pretty close.” 
The woman hoped Budda could find his way up the road without getting hit by a car. She had her doubts. He didn’t look like the sort of boy who got out and about much.
Fifteen minutes later, sweat dribbling down his neck, Budda spotted a Chinese restaurant in an old strip shopping center. From the looks of things, he guessed he was no longer in new Valkyrie. This section was more like parts of St. Louis he’d seen out the car window, ones where businesses turned over from second-hand furniture stores to swap shops to tattoo parlors and back again to junk stores more often than Lando took showers.
Beijing Palace #1 was at the far end of the center, between Bill Diamond’s State Farm Insurance and Theresa’s Dance Studio. The glass front of the insurance office was curtained, and the office appeared to still be in business. The dance studio had come to its last tango some time ago. Plastic packing tape trailed a two-foot crack in the bottom edge of the plate glass front. A black sign with orange “Sorry we’re closed” lettering in the corner of the same glass was faded from months in the sun’s glare. 
It was mid-evening, and only two cars were parked in the entire shopping center lot, both in front of Beijing Palace #1. There was no “Open” sign, and the bamboo shades on the restaurant’s windows were pulled down, making it hard to determine if the place was open for business. However, a small handwritten piece of cardboard in the corner of the plate glass front window advertised a “BUFFET EVERY NITE”.
Budda entered a small, dark dining area. On a boom box set on the front counter, Michael Jackson swore that Billie Jean was not his lover. Against the far wall, a middle-aged Asian woman spoke pleasantly with a couple seated at the only occupied table.
Seeing Budda, Louise Wei let out a heavy sigh that had the diners wondering what they had done to displease her. As regulars, they were quite familiar with Mrs. Wei’s mercurial moods, though her wrath was usually reserved for her persecuted husband, who stayed in the kitchen and seldom showed his face in the dining room.
Mrs. Wei analyzed Budda without moving a step toward the door to greet him. She assumed he was not there to eat. Kids occasionally came in to sell candy bars. Why did they all think they could take advantage of immigrants? If she bought a candy bar for every marching band, scout troop, or field hockey fundraiser, Beijing Palace #1 would be even further from making a decent profit.
 Still, she asked the obligatory question. “Will you be dining with us this evening?”
“Yes,” Budda said, quite hungry and wondering if there was something else people did there besides eat.
Surprised by the boy’s answer, Mrs. Wei took a menu from a stack at the front counter and showed him to the table nearest the door. “We have a buffet tonight,” she said. “But we also have some nice Mandarin dishes on the menu that can be made especially for you.”
Much to her eternal disappointment, few of her customers ordered true Mandarin dishes, preferring instead the re-heated junk that was served on the buffet. Why anyone thought pizza — pizza! — and spaghetti should be served at a restaurant called Beijing Palace #1 would never be clear to her.
“Are you expecting someone to join you?” she asked. 
Budda mentally counted the money in his wallet. If the menu didn’t have dollar items, he would have to slink back out the door, embarrassed and still hungry. It was best to find out about his sister right away. “I heard the Starkwether girl works here,” he said as he scoured the menu for something cheap. “I’m here to see her.”
Mrs. Wei emoted another sigh of profound disappointment and disappeared somewhere in the back.
Budda mulled what he should do. Asking for his sister had upset the woman, and now he felt even more compelled to make up for it by ordering something, even if it was only an egg roll.
 Mrs. Wei returned from the kitchen with a small bowl of steamed rice and set it in front of him. Budda now felt even worse. He had seen how much a bowl of rice cost — more than he had — and he didn’t even like rice.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t want to eat,” he said. 
“Don’t worry,” the woman said. “Rice is cheap. Better for you to eat than to throw away.”
She went to the other table to refill their drinks. The man at the table returned to the buffet to pile on another plate with four varieties of breaded or sautéed chicken. He was so skinny Budda wondered where he could put it all. As if to transform his plate into something healthful, the man sprinkled a few sautéed green beans on top of his Mount Leghorn. 
Budda didn’t like to be adventurous when it came to eating. His idea of pushing culinary boundaries was trying strawberry instead of grape jelly on his PB&J. Yet, the aromas coming from the buffet table smelled delightful. They reminded him of the Asian dishes his dad made him try once in awhile, dishes Budda refused to taste. Tiny pangs of homesickness began to creep in, but he blamed his burgeoning hunger instead.
Budda considered the bowl of rice in front of him, concluding it would suffice under the circumstances. He was hungry, and the rice provided an antidote, bland though it was. He dowsed the contents with a generous slosh of soy sauce that turned it into rice soup. He was about to take his first spoonful when a girl with tired eyes came to his table. She plopped down in the chair across from him and began fidgeting with a cigarette and lighter she had placed in front of her.
At first, she didn’t speak or even look at Budda. Budda was mesmerized. For the second time that long day, a pretty girl had joined him at his table without asking. He was going to like Kentucky a lot.
She’s trouble, Blood Mama said. 
You think everyone’s trouble.
I don’t think it. I know it. She could be the reason our girl’s in a fix.
The girl made it clear from her blasé mien that her eight-hour shift was plenty tiresome enough without having it further dulled by a negative number like Budda.  
“You the one looking for me?” she asked, making it clear from her tone that she didn’t care one way or another.
“No,” said Budda, who was loath to say more in case she really was as much trouble as Blood Mama believed. 
The girl rolled her eyes the same way Budda often had seen Addie do when his legal parents gave an answer she considered asinine.
“My boss said a kid was here to see me,” the girl said. “After taking an exhaustive survey of all three customers in here, I’ve come to the conclusion you are indeed the only kid in this haute cuisine establishment.” 
“I was looking for my sister. Addie Starkwether,” Budda said. “I apologize for not making myself clearer.”
It was a misunderstanding he found quite acceptable. Even though her hardened indifference was a bit off-putting, he would be content to sit at the table with the girl the rest of the night. She was around the same age as Addie, though prettier. Maybe even prettier than Baresha. She smelled wonderfully clean, too. Budda guessed she must have been scrubbing something with a bleach cleaner. Someone should make a perfume with bleach, he thought. It seemed so obvious he wondered why no one had thought of it before. Maybe he would develop a bleach perfume when he got older.
“I’m Kevin, and I came here to find her,” he said. He wanted this girl to know how much trouble he had gone to so far, thinking that might impress her. “I rode a bus from Missouri all the way to Louisville. Went across Illinois and Indiana. And then I hitched a ride to Valkyrie. That part cost me 20 bucks. Then I asked around a couple of places, and I was told Addie might work here.”
“You were told wrong,” the girl said flatly. She rifled an evil look at her boss, who stood at the banquet table, eavesdropping while agitating a pan of stir-fried tomatoes with a serving spoon to keep them looking fresh. “You got a Starkwether, all right, but not the right one. I’m Ellie, Addie’s cousin. Louise over there has been here half her life and she still can’t understand English.”
“It’s not her fault,” Budda said, not wanting to get Louise in trouble with her kitchen help. “I didn’t know Addie had a cousin. I just asked for the Starkwether girl. I didn’t think about there being more than one.”
Budda wasn’t disappointed to learn that he still had some more to do to get to Addie. He knew Ellie would have to know exactly where she was, because Addie had talked about how close the Starkwethers were, and how they kept an eye on each other.
“Maybe you could call and tell her to come here? My phone battery’s dead.”
Ellie fidgeted even more with the items in front of her. Ever since the meddlesome yahoos on the Valkyrie city council forced through the smoking ban, she’d been headachy and ill-tempered at work. The Weis didn’t give her nearly enough smoking breaks. Screw it. She was going to take one anyway.
“I’ve got to suck me some nicotine,” she said as she stood up. “Come on outside, and I’ll explain the situation to you.” 
Ellie had the cigarette lit before they made it out the front door. She began to relax immediately. It wasn’t so bad smoking outside where she could enjoy the fresh air in her lungs.
Exhaling a plume of smoke, she asked, “You say you’re looking for Addie, huh?”
Budda nodded. He was momentarily less interested in finding his sister than watching this girl put her lips around the cigarette. Even the smoke couldn’t overpower the smell of cleanliness about her. He would from then on see her in his mind when he smelled bleach. But he had to get that out of his mind, because that wasn’t what brought him to Valkyrie.
“I just need to find Addie.” he said. 
 “She’s inaccessible at the moment,” Ellie said, blowing a plume of smoke upward.
“Inaccessible in what way?”
“The kind where she can’t be accessed.”
Told you so. 
Ellie sized up Budda, but she couldn’t make him fit as Addie’s brother, even a half one she didn’t know about. Addie had moved with her mom a long time back to Missouri where her mom had an aunt or some such. Ellie hadn’t heard anything about Addie until she showed up back in Valkyrie a few months earlier, broke as the day she was born. Addie didn’t talk much about all the years she’d been away, and it didn’t matter enough to Ellie to ask. 
“I guess her mom got knocked up with you after she left here,” Ellie said, going with the most obvious possibility.
“Addie’s my foster sister,” Budda said absently. “How long before she can be accessed?” He began to think Blood Mama was right about Addie needing help.
Ellie took a long drag, and then exhaled the smoke in bits like a chugging train as she answered. “I wouldn’t hold my breath. Could be awhile. Sorry you came all this way for nothing.”
This here girl’s a lying liar. She knows where Addie is, all right, Blood Mama said. 
Am I supposed to just accuse Ellie of lying? That’s not going to make her too happy, Budda said. 
You’re thinking with the wrong part of your anatomy. You’re not here to make this girl happy. You’re here to save your sister.
Ellie could see the disappointment on the boy’s face when she told him that he had made a wasted trip, and she felt a pinch of pity for him. Compassion wasn’t usually a strand of the Starkwether DNA, but she had been accused more than once of being adopted.
It was for the best if the kid went back where he came from. This was not a good time to be in Valkyrie. He didn’t need to get mixed up in the mess that was percolating. Hell, even she didn’t need to be mixed up in it.
“I guess I could give you a ride back to Louisville tomorrow if you need,” she said. “I was going to run up to the mall anyway.”
Blood Mama whispered in her son’s ear. You’re not going anywhere until you get that girl. 
But I don’t know where to find her. I’m lucky I even got this far. 
But you did get this far, and now you’ve got to save the girl.
Ellie could see Budda was working through the situation. His lips moved. 
“Are you talking to yourself?” she asked. 
Budda’s cheeks reddened. “Maybe I could just stay at Addie’s place until she gets back,” he said. “I’m sure she wouldn’t mind.
“That would be a fine idea, except that she doesn’t have a place,” Ellie said. “She’d been rotating around with one guy and then another until she finally showed up at my place last week. Me and Cortez let her crash on the futon.”
The cigarette had burned down the filter, which Ellie flicked 20 feet away in the parking lot, impressing Budda. He wished he could do things effortlessly like flick cigarette butts. He’d  have to take up smoking first.
“The offer stands to take you back to Louisville tomorrow,” she said. “Until then, they got some cheap motels here in old Valkyrie if you don’t mind a little dirt on the rug and scum in the bathtub. If that’s not your style, they got a new Holiday Inn at the interstate exit that’s got an indoor pool.”
“I’m staying as long as it takes for Addie to come back,” Budda said. “Unfortunately, I’ve only got a couple of dollars.”
“That is unfortunate,” Ellie said. “Looks like you’re pretty much out of options. Wish I knew what to tell you.”
From the hang-dog look on Budda’s face, Ellie knew she’d eventually relent and let the kid stay at her place for the night. She hated Louise for telling her someone had come to see her. She had always tried hard to mind her own business, but she was starting to slip.
It must be something about the kid. She felt a pinch of pity for him, which surprised and annoyed her. His looks wouldn’t turn most girls all tingly, but his sad eyes might make one or two susceptible to him. She guessed it was the eyes that were affecting her now. She was about to make the regrettable decision to let Budda stay at her house overnight, which would set Cortez on edge even more than he already was.
In his own way, Cortez was just as helpless as this Missouri kid. His IQ would make Stephen Hawking chomp through his spit tube in envy, but dear Cortez could barely wipe his nose without Ellie there to remind him to use Kleenex. He wouldn’t like anyone else sharing Ellie’s attention for the night. Didn’t matter male or female. He had been the same way when Addie stayed with them, too. On top of it, this business with Odyn had Cortez jumpier than a Starbucks regular. The man was becoming impossible to live with. 
The time had come to get back to the kitchen, but Ellie wanted to drag out her smoke break as long as possible. She thought about testing Louise’s patience and lighting up another smoke. “So Addie and you had the same foster parents in Missouri?” she asked.
Budda nodded. “I’m adopted. She probably talked about me a lot. We got along good,” he said. 
“She never mentioned you,” Ellie said, to Budda’s disappointment. “Me and Addie aren’t close,” Ellie added, noticing she had hurt the boy’s feelings. “But I heard her Mom put her in the system when Addie got to be more she could handle.” In case Budda didn’t know the Starkwether family tree by heart, she added. “Her mom was her daddy’s third wife. Our daddies are brothers.” 
Ellie played with the lighter, still contemplating a second cigarette. “Now there’s a worthless heap of dog crap if ever there was one,” she said. “Her daddy moved down to Florida some time back, which was about the happiest day of my life. He had a bad case of the Roman hands, even with me, his niece. He’s got lung cancer now and won’t last long. If there’s a God, Uncle Jack’ll be taking a skinny dip in the Lake of Fire before next spring.”
“Addie never said anything about him,” Budda said. “I guess she was pretty close to her brothers, though. She even said I looked like one of them.”
That was a good one to Ellie. Even though the Starkwether boys came from two different mothers, they all had similar physiques. No Starkwether man topped  five-foot-eight, and none had seen the south side of 200 pounds since middle school.
Three elderly people, a man and two women, got out of an aged Cadillac the color of wilted lettuce and toddled toward the restaurant’s door. Before they could enter, another car pulled in two spaces down from the first.
“Our dinner traffic is starting, what there is of it,” Ellie said she made to go back in. “I better go dump more sweet and sour on the chicken nuggets. Just cool your jets inside for a bit. Louise won’t mind. If she does, just demand to see her green card.” 
Before returning to the kitchen, Ellie went to fetch Budda a Coke. “Grab a plate and fill it up while the stuff is still fresh,” she said. “Louise says it’s on the house.”
Beijing Palace #1 always had plenty of food left after its nightly buffets, which Louise’s husband would reheat for the next night. The restaurant wouldn’t be in business long. 
Budda didn’t see much of Ellie the next two hours, except when she came from the kitchen to bus tables or refill buffet pans. Business at the restaurant could be described as semi-busy, though Budda was never in danger of relinquishing his table to paying customers. He went back to the buffet table three times. Chinese food was awfully good when a person was starving, he surmised, which explained why he had seen video of starving Africans getting bags of rice. He was stuffed by the time business slowed down again. 
Even Mrs. Wei was impressed by his appetite. She brought him Coke refills when he needed them, and remarked how much he ate when she brought a third glass. 
“Chow Mein will be coming from your ears if you eat any more,” she said.
Budda unconsciously touched his right ear to see if he could detect any noodles there. 
“I guess I’ve had enough then,” he said. “Your food is real good. Thank you.”
Lingering at his table, Louise said. “Ellie said that you live in Missouri. I have relatives in Springfield, Missouri.”
“I almost went to Branson once,” Budda said. “That’s near there. My dad was going to take me and my brother to Silver Dollar City, but something came up. I don’t remember what. I think he was afraid we’d get killed on the roller coaster.”
“You came here to visit Ellie?”
“Not really,” Budda said. “I’m here to see my sister, except Ellie says she’s inaccessible.” 
Louise wiped a nearby table that had already been cleared of its plates. “You should stay away from Ellie,” she said.




8

When the restaurant closed at ten, Budda was overstuffed, exhausted and wishing for a good night’s sleep. He hoped Ellie would invite him to spend the night at her place — they were practically family after all — but he would gladly curl up in a corner of the restaurant if Mrs. Wei would let him. At that point, even a cold floor with food spills and empty fortune cookie wrappers looked inviting.
A smallish young man engulfed in an overstuffed, neon orange parka strode in the front door. He scanned the dining room like whoever he came to see better damn well be there. Baresha’s weekend boyfriend came to Budda’s mind, and he wondered if they knew each other. Maybe there was a club for that sort of guy in Kentucky. Budda wished he could walk into a place like he knew what he was doing.
Budda nearly told the man the restaurant was closed — Mrs. Wei was in the back — but it wasn’t his place to do so. The guy headed to the kitchen like he knew where he was going. Budda envied the man’s wavy brown hair, which was so full of body that it bounced as he walked. It looked as if the hair might even detach from the guy’s head if he walked much faster. Budda’s own copper-colored thatch, with the holding power of steel brush bristles, never bounced. It behaved like he sprayed it daily with a full can of Aquanet. 
More than his locks, Budda admired Mr. Goodhair’s fluffy parka. He coveted it. Though a bit overkill for the mild weather, the coat looked tantalizingly cozy. It would make a good pillow. If Budda had that coat, he would it use it to cushion his head on the floor. Yes, he would be asleep in seconds if he had a parka like that. 
Even with the parka, Budda wouldn’t have been able to sleep, though, not with the racket coming from the back. It was a kitchen argument — Budda had heard enough of them between his parents when his legal mother still lived at home. He could make out Mrs. Wei’s voice. Then there was Ellie, who spoke up occasionally. Of the two male voices, the accented one — Mr. Wei — said little. But the other one, Mr. Goodhair for sure, had the most to say. Most of the arguing was between him and Mrs. Wei. 
After a noisy few minutes, Ellie stormed out from the back with Mr. Goodhair right behind her. “My point being that you did the work, so they owe you the money even if it’s not payday,” he said. “It’s the law. You can look it up.”
Ellie didn’t slow, didn’t look at Budda, and did not appear interested in looking up anything at that moment. She kept her sights trained on the front door and left. The man in the parka followed close behind her, still spieling on labor law.
Better get after her, Blood Mama said. That girl is your only connection to the other one.
Before Budda could get up from the table, Mrs. Wei shot from the kitchen and locked the front door. Budda feared she was going to make him pay for all the rice he’d eaten after all.
Maybe they’ll let you pay off your tab by washing some dishes, except you’re not much good at cleaning things. Your bedroom proves that.
Mr. Wei made his first appearance of night in the dining room. His white apron was covered with food spots and sauce blotches. “Are they gone yet?” he asked his wife. 
She had pulled back the bamboo blinds from the window to peer outside. “They’re in his car,” she said. “He’s yelling, and she’s just sitting there.” She clicked her tongue. “I don’t know why we keep her.”
Eventually, the car’s ignition fired. Mrs. Wei looked back toward her husband to say something else when she saw Budda, whom she had forgotten about. She was about to ask him why he was still there when Ellie tried to open the front door. She rapped on the glass. 
Louise peered past her, and, not seeing her boyfriend standing there, grudgingly let her in. Ellie poked her head in and spotted Budda.
“You coming or not?”
Budda hurried out, forgetting to thank Louise again for the free food and drinks.
Budda got in the back seat of the car behind Ellie, who was in the front passenger seat next to Mr. Goodhair. Ellie introduced him as Cortez. She didn’t say they were boyfriend-girlfriend, but Budda assumed so because of the arguing. Cortez pouted about something — the money he mentioned in the restaurant, Budda figured — but Ellie acted like it had been no big deal, a normal occurrence between them.
She lit a cigarette and handed it to Cortez. Then she lit another and offered it to Budda. When he declined, she kept it for herself. She produced a fifth of Jack Daniels from somewhere beneath her seat and took a long swig. Budda had never seen a woman drink directly from a liquor bottle before, even his legal mother. The drink had a loosening effect on Ellie’s tongue.
“Kevin came here from Missouri,” Ellie told Cortez, who didn’t care. “He’s down here to look for Addie. They were fosters together. I told him it was a wasted trip because Addie isn’t around.”
Still nothing from Cortez. He tapped the steering wheel repeatedly like Budda’s dad did when he was stuck in traffic. There were few other cars on the road that late at night in Valkyrie.
“I’m thinking we’ll let him sleep on the futon tonight, and then I’ll run him back up to Louisville tomorrow. Sound  okay to you?”
Budda guessed it wasn’t  okay with Cortez, at least not the part about him staying all night. Still, the guy didn’t speak. He tapped the steering wheel even harder.
Budda wasn’t about to give up and go back to St. Louis so soon, but he wasn’t going to argue with Ellie as long as she was giving him a place to sleep for at least one night. Since he had only a couple of dollars, he would have to find someplace else to stay Saturday night. One night at Ellie’s place would be plenty. He would figure out how to find Addie once he’d gotten a restful sleep. He hoped Ellie and her boyfriend liked to go to bed at a decent hour.
Ellie turned back toward Budda to apologize for her boyfriend’s mood. “As you can see, Cortez doesn’t have a sunny disposition right now. He got himself in a little trouble with Odyn. That’s Addie’s oldest brother. Cortez here thinks just because me and Odyn are cousins that I can get him to lay off a bit. I keep telling Cortez nothing comes between Odyn and his business, even blood.
“Cortez also figured I should help him by getting the Weis to give me an advance on my pay. Again, incorrect. I told him that wasn’t happening because Louise is tighter than a virgin spinster.”
Budda couldn’t make out what Odyn’s business was, but it didn’t seem to bother Ellie much that Cortez was in trouble.
“I tell Cortez he ought to be careful around Odyn,” she said. “But Cortez’s got a hearing problem, don’t you, Cortez?” She yelled it like he really was near-deaf. “Especially when it involves making a few extra bucks.”
Cortez grumbled something Budda couldn’t make out, except for “lard ass”.
“You see much Oxy floating around there where you live?” Ellie asked Budda.
Budda thought for a moment before answering no. He wasn’t sure what Oxy was, and therefore couldn’t offer insight on the floating of it.
Cortez turned off the main road and into a subdivision with one-story ranches. Some yards and front steps were decorated with pumpkins. Budda had forgotten that it was getting close to Halloween. The Jessicos weren’t much for holiday decorating.
One yard had a large inflated black cat. Another had a Casper the Friendly Ghost, which was only partially inflated and made the ghost seem more forlorn than amiable. 
“Oxy’s like cheap candy in Florida,” Ellie said. “They got clinics all over the place down there that’ll give it out to anybody. Just say you got a bad back or a hang nail and, bang, they write a prescription. That’s why Uncle Jack moved to Jacksonville in the first place. He gets people working for him to go around to all of the clinics, and then he sends the stuff up here to sell for a profit. If he was around in 1849, he would have gone out to California to prospect for gold. Instead, he went down to Florida to prospect for Oxy.
“Odyn sent Cortez and Addie down there to get a batch of it last week. Uncle Jack swears they left Florida with the stuff, but they came back empty handed. Addie up and disappeared, and Cortez won’t even tell me what happened. Isn’t that right, Cortez?” 
Ellie didn’t wait for a response that wouldn’t come. “So now Odyn’s got his panties in a wad because he’s got nothing to show for that trip to Florida.”
“Maybe Addie went back to Florida to find that medicine,” Budda suggested.
“Yeah,” Ellie said. “Or maybe aliens abducted her.”
The ever-silent Cortez pulled up in front of a small house with a covered car port. It was at the end of a cul-de-sac and looked smaller and cheaper than most of the other houses in the neighborhood. Ellie and Cortez had not bothered with Halloween decorations. They didn’t strike Budda as the holiday decorating types either. Inside the house next door, a dog that sounded as big as a Mack Truck warned that whoever was out there better not get any crazy ideas about paying a visit.
“Someday I’m gonna choke that yappy mutt,” Cortez muttered. It was the first intelligible sentence Cortez had uttered since leaving the restaurant. 
“Feel free to use the shower after me,” Ellie said to Budda. “Either something curled up and died in the car, or you’re starting to get a bit ripe.” 
The small house reeked of tar and nicotine. The walls were a sandy color, but had been closer to white before becoming coated in cigarette soot. Ellie immediately disappeared into a back room, while Cortez plopped on a worn futon and lit a Marlboro from a pack tucked in his parka’s huge side pocket. He stood up, paced a few steps, and then sat down again like he wasn’t sure what to do with himself. He turned on a large flat screen TV, which hung off kilter on the far wall. After flipping through several channels, Cortez stopped at the Discovery Channel. After a few seconds, he began changing channels again, only to come back to Discovery. 
The only other piece of furniture in the room other than the futon was a vinyl recliner with a patch of duct tape covering one back corner. Budda was afraid to sit in it. Instead, he stood inside the front door, because Cortez had yet to acknowledge his existence.
The TV program had something to do with tsunamis, which was the sort of thing Budda liked to watch. He thought he would like to see a tsunami in person one day, once he learned to swim better. However, he didn’t want to appear too interested in the program should that be what would set off Cortez. Instead, he would try starting with a compliment.
“That’s a nice coat you’ve got,” Budda said. 
Cortez crossed his arms against his chest like he dared Budda to try to take it from him. Nothing could separate him from his parka.
Cortez’s cigarette helped him relax a bit. At the first commercial break, he said, “I went to Vandy for a semester. They don’t let just anyone in Vandy, you know. You have to be off-the-charts intelligent.”
Budda assumed Cortez was talking to him, though he didn’t look Budda’s way. It could have been that he was talking to the TV. Budda’s father did that a lot — talked to the TV, especially when he was watching CNN. Budda decided he should take a chance and say something back.
“Vandy’s a school?”
The question alternately irked and amused Cortez, as it always did when people pretended they knew nothing about the greatest university in the South. Budda’s question also got Cortez to look straight at the boy for the first time, and he didn’t like the smartass skinny thing he saw standing at the front door. Too good to even sit down, and acting like he didn’t know what Vandy was. The nerve. Everyone with half a brain knew about Vanderbilt University.
“Beats any school you got there in Missouri,” Cortez said. He stood again and began pacing the small area between the TV and the recliner. “And Vanderbilt begged me to go there. Paid me even.”
“I wish someone would pay me to go to school,” Budda said. “Maybe I wouldn’t hate it nearly so much.”
“That’s a conundrum,” Cortez said. “You probably don’t know what that means, but you have to do really well in your classes if you want to get a scholarship. And if you hate it so much, you’re not likely to do well, are you?” He took a deep drag from the Marlboro and then blew the smoke toward the ceiling like he was doing Budda a courtesy. The top half of the room was already a slate haze. “Anyway, Vandy wasn’t teaching me anything I didn’t already know, so I told them to take their $200 organic chemistry textbook and shove it up their collective posterior,” he said. “No sense wasting my time.” 
While Cortez plunked down on the futon and re-focused his attention on the tsunami program, Budda’s thoughts wandered to the muffled hum of the shower running. He pictured Ellie naked in there and hoped someone as smart as Cortez wasn’t a mind reader. Budda had the same problem when Addie took showers. He knew it was wrong, even though Lando swore it wasn’t. But that was the way Lando thought about most things. He walked in on Addie once when she was in the shower, swearing he didn’t know the bathroom was occupied. Budda still couldn’t believe Lando lived to tell the tale. Addie must have been so surprised she couldn’t react. 
“Not a one of us in this house is actually related,” Lando said later. “If I want to see that bitch or anyone else naked, it’s okay as far as the Bible’s concerned.”
Budda wasn’t sure about that, but he wasn’t a biblical expert like his brother.
A few minutes later, Ellie came back into the front room, now wearing sweat pants and a blue “Kentucky” shirt. Her hair fell wet and scraggly on her shoulders. It was clear to Budda that she wasn’t wearing a bra.
No crime in looking, Blood Mama said.
Budda quickly averted his gaze before Ellie caught him. His eyes locked on Cortez who glared at him like he really could read Budda’s mind.
“What were you looking at?” Cortez asked. 
Budda shrugged. 
“I let you be a guest in this house, and you think it’s okay to stare at my girl’s boobs like that?”
“I wasn’t looking at…”
“Don’t lie to me,” Cortez said. “You insult my intelligence when you do so.” That, Budda guessed, was the worst thing anyone could do to Cortez.
Cortez leaned forward in his seat and patted the front pocket of his coat. “I’ve got a knife in here I keep very sharp. Maybe I’ll nick off a bit of your ear lobe to get your attention.”
“You have my attention,” Budda said, backing against the door. “I promise you.”
Ellie had heard it all before — even the threat with the knife which Cortez didn’t have. He got easily annoyed anytime someone’s gaze lingered on her a bit too long for his liking. His protectiveness was the thing that pleased her most, but this strange boy who came so far to find her cousin looked like he would melt if anyone even looked his way.
“Turn it down a notch,” she told Cortez. “He wasn’t looking at me like that.”
“I know the look,” Cortez said.
Ellie knew the quickest way to get her boyfriend’s mind on something else. “I heard from the bedroom that you were telling him all about your wonderful Vandy experience,” Ellie said. “What took you so long?” 
“You didn’t even stick to high school,” Cortez said. “So don’t even think about making fun of Vandy again.”
Now that Cortez’s mind was back on his favorite subject, Ellie told Budda he could take his turn in the shower.
“I put a towel in the bathroom for you. The water heater isn’t worth much, so I’d get in there in case Cortez takes off that parka for the first time in a week and beats you to it.” 
It was the first shower Budda had taken in two days, and it felt great to have hot thumping of the water against his back. He took longer than he should have, and the water had begun to cool before he finished. He had an inkling Cortez wouldn’t be taking a shower right after him anyway. The orange parka seemed too much a part of him to take it off for something as unimportant as bathing. 
The steamy bathroom was no bigger than a hall closet, and Budda repeatedly banged his elbows against the wall as he toweled off. The sharp quick pain kept at bay the powerful fatigue that was about to overtake him. He had gotten less than two hours of sleep since Wednesday night. It was now Friday night, and he was ready for a good sleep, even if he had to do it on the smoke-soaked futon in the front room. If necessary, he could sleep standing up.
He had only brought one complete change of clothes — a pair of jeans and a Southeast Missouri State t-shirt — and debated if he should hold off wearing the clean set yet. He also worried that Cortez would make fun of the shirt. Cortez would say SEMO wasn’t nearly as good as Vandy. Budda knew nothing about the academic standing of SEMO, but his dad had gone there and had given him the shirt last Christmas. He also liked to say the name. SEMO sounded cooler than Vandy.
He took a whiff of the clothes he’d put on Wednesday night in St. Louis just before he went to bed. He could smell the vestiges of Greyhound, McDonald’s, and China Palace #1 on them, and sweat from his walk through Valkyrie. But the most prevalent odor was from Marlboros. He thought he detected a hint of Baresha’s perfume, too, and there was definitely some bleach mixed in there. 
Partly to start fresh and primarily to please Ellie, he put on the clean set and steeled himself for Cortez’s critique of the shirt. 
When he returned to the front room, Cortez and Ellie weren’t alone. A roly poly man engulfed the futon. He looked out of place on such a simple piece of furniture. Budda couldn’t remember seeing a man so round. The ratty futon had seemed normal-sized when the smallish Cortez occupied it. But it now looked prone to bust apart under the weight of the newcomer. Budda worried it would no longer be stable once he got a chance to sleep on it.
As enormous as the man’s gut was, his legs were as skinny as pipe cleaners, like he had cinched his belt so tight that the blubber couldn’t make it past his waist. The first image that came to Budda’s mind was Humpty Dumpty.
Now we’re getting somewhere. This big ol’ boy’s got to be the one who knows everything.
Ellie and Cortez shared the dismal recliner. Budda had no choice but to stand. He didn’t feel relaxed or welcome enough to sit on the floor.   
The large man surveyed Budda with obvious amusement. “You say this toothpick’s my brother?” With both hands, he squeezed a hunk of belly fat and jiggled it. “I don’t detect a family resemblance.”  
Ellie introduced them. “Kevin, this here’s Odyn. I was telling him how you and Addie was brother-sister for awhile, which I guess makes you and Odyn almost like family.” 
Budda could tell something bothered Ellie, and it wasn’t just because she was sitting awkwardly on the arm of the recliner. Her languid demeanor from earlier in the evening had vanished. The cigarette she pinched between her thumb and middle finger noticeably shook in her grasp. When she drew the filter to her mouth, she sucked hard and long as if she couldn’t quite take in enough smoke to calm her nerves.
Cortez sat with his hands shoved deep in the side pockets of his parka, but each hand was in perpetual motion like a cat trying to escape a bag. His Timberland boots clacked together like he was Dorothy trying to get back to Kansas.
Odyn took no notice of Ellie or Cortez, instead regarding Budda with some disappointment. He had been expecting more than the dog bone he saw now. From all the bragging Addie had done when she returned from Missouri, he gathered she lived with a rich, happy family. However, this boy didn’t look like he came from much. Ellie had said the kid was staying with her and Cortez that night, but that wasn’t going to cut it. The boy needed to be anyplace else but at the house.
“You and me ought to get to know each other better, maybe go out for a ride, see the town,” Odyn said. “First, I need to finish a little business conversation I was having here with Cortez. Don’t let his apathetic demeanor fool you. He’s hanging on every word. Isn’t that right, Cortez?”
Odyn breathed heavily like his heart and lungs were overworked. A tiny bead of saliva settled on his bottom lip, getting a little bigger each time he spoke. Every so often, he sucked the spit off his lip. Subconsciously, Budda began to lick his lower lip, too.
Cortez pretended he wasn’t listening to Odyn, staring up at the ceiling as if whatever he saw up there was more fascinating than what Odyn had to say. Budda couldn’t see anything up there. But then, he wasn’t Vandy material, was he? Cortez shook loose a cigarette from his pack and fired it up.
Odyn had been lecturing Cortez when Budda entered the room, which he now continued. “I let you work for me because you’re like family, on account of how you’re  co-habitating here with my cousin. But semi-family or not, you’ve got to pay up, one way or another. I’m going to give you until, let’s say, this time tomorrow.” Odyn checked his watch. “Let’s round it off to eleven o’clock. I’ll be back here to pick up my inventory then.” 
Cortez now seemed interested and looked at Odyn. “I told you I don’t have it.” He pulled his hands from the parka. He was holding a pack of cigarettes in one hand and a lighter in the other.
“I believe you,” Odyn said. “That’s why I said tomorrow night instead of now. That’ll give you time to get it.” 
“And if he can’t?” Ellie asked. 
“He will. Won’t you, Cortez?”
Cortez didn’t answer.
“Can’t you just give him until Monday?” Ellie asked, taking another long drag of her cigarette. “He can get the money by then.”
For the first time, Odyn seemed perturbed. “Who said anything about money? I want those Percs in my possession when I leave here tomorrow night at…” He looked at his watch again. “Tell you what. Let’s make it nine o’clock. I just remembered I got some plans later on in the evening.”
I knew it. Addie really is in trouble, and the fat man’s the answer to all of it.
Odyn readjusted on the futon in a subtle way that signaled he was finished dealing with Cortez and Ellie. The issue of the missing inventory wouldn’t be brought up or thought of again until the following night. He turned to Budda, who eyed the futon as the only means of his salvation from exhaustion. By the way the man stared at him, however, Budda knew Odyn expected his full attention in return.
“Kid, you look like you’re about to fall over,” Odyn said.
“I could use a little sleep,” Budda said.
Forget beddy-by, you need to find out what he did with Addie. Don’t let him leave until you do.
Odyn dug into a hidden fold of his XXXL Members Only and exhumed two blue and silver cans of energy drink. The cans looked no bigger than horse pills in Odyn’s giant hand. “These are like magic bullets. Get you back among the living in no time.” 
Rather than toss each can individually to Budda, Odyn threw them to him at the same time. Budda juggled them, but held on. He studied the Red Bulls. More forbidden nectar that he was about to try for the first time. Such drinks were against the rules in the Jessico home where no caffeine was allowed, though Lando kept a partially-consumed two-liter of flat Mountain Dew Code Red in his underwear drawer for sugar emergencies. 
“Drink them down, boy,” Odyn said. “They won’t do you much good if you just stand there and gawk at them.”
Budda complied, feeling like a rebel as he did so. Even Lando would envy him. The second can tasted no better than the first. 
“I got some more in the car if you need one,” Odyn said. “Now, how about you and me go grab a bite to eat?” The invitation was only for Budda, as if Ellie and Cortez were no longer present.
The caffeine and taurine wouldn’t course their way to Budda’s heart for awhile, and he was still exhausted. All he wanted was to lie down immediately. “I only just ate a while ago,” he said. “I’m not real hungry, but thank you for the drinks.” 
Odyn hefted himself off the sagging couch, which looked like it might never recover from the strain. “You’ll watch me eat then,” he said. “It’s quite a show, I’m told.”
Don’t you dare go with that man before you ask about the girl. Ask him! Ask him right now! 
Budda followed the penguin-waddling Odyn out the front door. Neither of them acknowledged Ellie and Cortez. It was if they had left the house empty with their departure. 




9

Budda had walked out of Ellie’s house without his backpack. He now wished he had his dirty shirt to put over the SEMO one because the temperature was dropping quickly. He crossed his arms and buried his hands in his armpits to keep warm. Budda had supposed that Odyn, if he was some kind of drug lord, would drive something nicer than an old Buick LeSabre. But this vehicle was worse than his dad’s ’92 Corolla. At least the Corolla had a working heater and didn’t lean to the driver’s side. That part made sense to Budda since his father was a lot smaller than Odyn. Everyone was smaller than Odyn.
“Glad to get out of that place,” Odyn said. “Always feel like a smokestack every time I’m around those two. All that smoke’s bad for my lungs.”
Budda figured Odyn had a lot of health issues besides second-hand smoke, but he kept that thought to himself. 
What are we doing in here? Blood Mama asked.
Seeing the sights, I guess.
I don’t think sightseeing’s much of a pastime around here. You shouldn’t have gotten in the car with this whale. You should have asked about Addie back at the house while you had witnesses. In case you haven’t figured it out, he’s a drug dealer.
You’re a fine one to talk about hanging out with drug dealers, Budda said.
This big ol’ boy don’t know nothing else but bad. Never get in the car with a criminal unless you’re figuring to do criminal things.
You said I needed to come here to save Addie, and that’s what I’m going to do. I’ll ask him to take me to where she is.
“Did you say something?” Odyn asked. The boy had been mumbling something to himself.
“Any chance you could tell me where to find Addie?” Budda asked. “I don’t think Ellie knows where she is.”
“No, I doubt she does,” Odyn said. Budda wasn’t sure what the man meant, but he felt goose bumps on his arms that he couldn’t associate with the cold.
The car wreaked of something Budda couldn’t pinpoint, but it reminded him a little of a squirrel carcass he found in the spring when Lando and he were cleaning leaves from the gutters at home. The squirrel had died months earlier and was in advanced decay. There was no smell to it unless Budda held it close to his nose, which he couldn’t resist. The odor was so richly toxic that he hadn’t forgotten it. 
That odor’s coming from your chunky chauffeur. I’ll bet he’s got some folds of flesh that haven’t felt the lather of a good soaping in ages. 
Budda recognized the road they were on, the same one that he trekked from the Walgreens to the convenience store. Odyn was trying to decide where to eat. Next to the actual act of eating, thinking about where to do it was the best part of his day.
“I wish that Chinese place stayed open this late,” he said. “I think they close early because they know I’m a late-night eater. They lose money when I hit their buffet. My, how I love those two words together—‘Chinese’ and ‘buffet’. ‘Buffet’ is pretty good all by itself, but you put ‘Chinese’ in front of it and then you really got something. Prettiest words in the English language, and ‘buffet’ isn’t even English.”
Odyn thought for a moment. “I’m not sure if ‘Chinese’ is an English word either.”
Budda wasn’t sure either. 
“The reason this country’s going to piss so fast is because of the Chinese,” Odyn said, assuming Budda had been wondering about it. “They all sneak over here on boats, in shipping containers with nothing but tiny air holes. They pack some rice to eat and bring a can to shit in, because they’re stuck in those containers the whole way across the water. When they finally get out, you couldn’t force them to ever go back to China. So, they work real hard to make it in America, a lot harder than you and I would ever work. And pretty soon this’ll be the United States of China. Mexicans are the same way, except they’re not as smart as the Chinese. Nobody’s as smart as the Chinese.” He licked his lip to catch the saliva that had collected there.
Odyn scared Budda more than a bit, and Budda thought he should say something to show he was interested in what his tour guide had to say. “Uh huh,” he managed. That seemed to satisfy Odyn.
“What say we drop in at Nannie’s Kitchen? My treat,” Odyn said, turning right onto the new highway Budda had ridden into town with Mogley. “It’s like IHOP only better. First I need to call my little bro.” 
Odyn speed-dialed a number. “Hey, Maxie. He’s over there at the house now,” Odyn said into the phone. “Get Po Po and Clell and get over there and take care of things… Try to keep yourself under control. We don’t need a big mess.”
I told you this fella was dangerous, Blood Mama said.
You’re imagining things, Budda said. 
Those boys ain’t going over there to swiffer the floor. I’d hate to be that boy in the parka right about now.
Odyn finished the call as he pulled into the restaurant parking lot. “You’ll meet the other boys a bit later,” he said. “They’re going to be tied up for a bit.”
Here’s your chance to make a run for it. We’ll figure out another way to get the girl.
Odyn thought for a moment. “I don’t know what we’d be to you exactly, you and us. We’re not your half brothers, I don’t guess. Foster half-brothers maybe? Hell, we’re some sort of something.”
“Um hmm,” Budda said, afraid his teeth would chatter from the cold if he opened his mouth. He suspected Blood Mama was right that he should get away from Odyn, but he couldn’t make himself do it. As soon as he ran off, he would be lost.
“You don’t say much do you?” Odyn asked as he excavated another Red Bull from an insulated lunch bag between his feet. He handed it to Budda. “This’ll help.”
Nannie’s Kitchen was not part of new Valkyrie. Judging from the gray cloud that hung near the ceiling, word of the smoking ban had yet to reach it. Budda imagined Ellie would find the working environment more to her liking than Beijing Palace #1. She wouldn’t have to take a smoke break to keep a consistent buzz going.
The restaurant’s theme could be described as something between cowboy and farmer. The waitresses wore red and white gingham shirts and Dickies denim overalls. The sign at the front said “Seat Yerself, Pardner”. Budda guessed the sign on the men’s bathroom would either read “Cowpokes” or “Gents.”
Odyn led the way to a booth. The restaurant was so ancient it could have served a western omelet or two to the Daniel Boone family. The décor hadn’t been updated this century, and neither had the waitresses. A primordial woman with white hair in a net toddled over to their booth and slammed menus in front of Odyn and Budda. She looked tired enough to have been at the end of a 12-hour shift.
“Coffee?” she asked.
“Damn straight,” Odyn said, “And make sure his has all the caffeine the law will allow. He acts about half dead.” 
As she poured the coffee, the waitress asked if they knew what they wanted. She knew Odyn did, because he ordered the same mountain of food every time. He always ordered it the same way, too, like a Christmas song that was annoying even in December.
“Four French toasts, three strips of bacon, two fried eggs, and a partridge in a pear tree. And if you don’t have the partridge, I’ll settle for a double order of hash browns.” 
She didn’t need to write it down. “You?” she asked Budda. 
He still wasn’t hungry, especially after taking in three energy drinks, but he wanted to keep on Odyn’s good side. Also, he saw a chance to make up for the interrupted breakfast earlier that day at the hotel. Furiously studying the menu, he asked, “Do you have waffles?” 
“Matter of fact, we just introduced them today,” the waitress said with sarcasm Budda didn’t catch. “Still trying to get the hang of making them though. You want to give them a try?”
Budda said he did.
The coffee was bitter to Budda, but real men didn’t drink it with sugar, he assumed, so he tried to force it down. That and the energy drinks were beginning to have their affect, but it wasn’t a completely positive one. Budda’s stomach began to stir.
Odyn texted continuously while they waited for their food, and he was so involved in it that he seemed to have forgotten Budda was present. Budda, sensing he wouldn’t get much help finding Addie, mulled just getting up and walking away. But then what?
Before he could decide what to do, the food arrived. His appetite hadn’t returned, but Odyn had no trouble finding his. He stabbed his first piece of French toast as soon as the plate hit the table.
As Budda forced himself to eat, Odyn educated him on the history of his food.
“You know French toast didn’t come from France don’t you?” Odyn said, with soggy egg-coated bread visibly tumbling around his mouth like clothes in a dryer. “Goes all the way back to ancient Rome. They wouldn’t toss out uneaten food like we do. Even when the bread went stale and moldy, they’d use every last bit of it. They sloshed it around in egg yolk to get it moist again, and then they fried it up.”
He speared another hunk of toast with a strip of bacon for good measure and shoveled it in.
“The Romans poured honey on their toast. The butter thing came a lot later. You can still get honey here if you ask special, but they don’t put that on the menu. I bet if Caesar knew it was called French toast, he’d have a shit fit wondering why the backwoods Gauls were getting all the credit for it.” 
Budda wasn’t listening, distracted as he was by the sudden change in his body. The combination of coffee, Red Bulls and syrup were making his heart pound in his chest like it did when he ran wind sprints in gym. He never liked the feeling when he ran, and he didn’t like it now. He tried to take his mind off it by talking. 
“When Addie gets back, I’d like to see her,” he said. “Any idea when that would be?”
Odyn’s face darkened, like Budda had brought up something he wasn’t supposed to. “You sure are bent on seeing her, aren’t you?”
“Well, that is the reason I came here,” Budda said. “I’m not going back home. When I find Addie, I’m going stay around here, get a job at McDonald’s, or maybe with a landscaping crew. I dropped out of school and everything.” He hoped being a runaway and a dropout would impress a guy like Odyn.
“Valkyrie isn’t the kind of place for a kid like you,” Odyn said. “And dropping out of school is for fools.” 
His feelings hurt, Budda said, “I didn’t mean I was dropping out for good. I was going to get into the high school here. You got one here, right?”
“You’re not staying in Valkyrie,” Odyn said, stamping a period on the subject. 
If Valkyrie wasn’t a safe place for him, Budda knew it wasn’t a good place for Addie either. When he found her, he would get her away from Valkyrie.
Odyn’s phone vibrated to life. Before picking it up, he dabbed at a drizzle of syrup that had dripped on it.
 “Yeah?” he answered, licking his finger of the syrup. “Good… no big mess, I hope. What about her?... Good. Smart girl. Find anything?... Didn’t figure so. Okay, stuff what there is in a garbage bag and bring it with you.”
After finishing the call, Odyn relaxed again. He only had a corner of a French toast piece left, but he spattered more syrup on it before jamming it in his mouth.  He threw some cash on the table and got up to leave.
“I need to use the bathroom first,” Budda said. He hurried to the other end of side of the restaurant where he found the “Gents” door. He was in luck that no one was using the toilet. He immediately puked up his waffles and coffee. 
 




10

After leaving Nannie’s Kitchen, Odyn drove back up the main highway in the direction of the interstate before turning right on a street that had new subdivisions on both sides. Each entrance was superbly landscaped, terraced and lit up like the main runway at the St. Louis airport.
Odyn turned left into one of the neighborhoods and took two rights before he stopped in front of a brick two-story with two feeble Japanese maple saplings planted near the curb. Each sapling, which had its own landscape spotlight, was surrounded by a mountain of black bark mulch. This was the kind of place Budda wished he lived. The neighborhood was unencumbered by large trees, trees which had leaves, which had to be raked and bagged each weekend in November because your dad said you and your brother needed to learn the value of honest work. And you did most of the raking and bagging because your brother never did enough to break a sweat. 
Budda didn’t think this was Odyn’s house, because he couldn’t associate the manicured lawn with a mess like Odyn. Instead, Budda hoped this was where Addie was staying.
Odyn revved his engine a couple of times and watched the front of the house. It was about one o’clock. No lights were obvious inside the house. Odyn stomped the gas again and watched some more. Nobody came to the door. Then he honked. Still no change in the house.
“Go ring the bell,” Odyn said. 
It seemed too late to Budda to ring doorbells, but he still hoped Odyn had brought him here to get Addie. He asked Blood Mama what he should do. 
So, now you want my advice? Would you rather be out there ringing a bell or sitting in here with the William Smell Overture?
I’m not real excited about either choice, he said.
I’d take my chances with what’s behind door number one. It might be your chance to get away, like I told you to do in the first place.
“Go on,” Odyn said with no sign of impatience. “You can’t ring it from here.”
Budda crept up the front walkway, hoping there wasn’t already a gun pointed at him from the front bay window. He rang the bell and waited.
Two minutes later, a young woman answered the door. She was pretty, and she looked at Budda like most pretty girls did, which was to look through him. He chose not to like her.
You’re right. She won’t help you get away.
The woman saw Odyn’s car, lingered a moment, and then shut the door. Budda had started back to the car when Odyn rolled down the passenger side window. 
“Don’t go anywhere,” he said. “She’ll be back.”
As predicted, the woman opened the door a minute later and shoved a small roll of cash at Budda without looking at him. She shut the door before he could thank her. Before returning to the car, Budda scooped up a five dollar bill that had dropped on the front landing.
Back in the car, Odyn counted the money with delight. “Well done, little man,” he said. “What did you think of that gal? I prefer a little more meat on the bones, but she’s still pretty sweet, huh?”
“I don’t think she was real happy to see us so late at night,” Budda said. 
“That’s the point of it. If these people get slow to pay, I personally come to see them when all their neighbors are at home and peeking out their windows to see what all the noise is about.” Odyn stuffed the cash in the zip-up lunch box on the floorboard. He then tapped the steering wheel and smiled. “I do so love this part.”
As Odyn drove away, he reached in the back seat and riffled through a clatter of debris on the back seat. He fished out an uncased CD and shoved it in the player.
“You like The Beatles?” he asked as Abbey Road began. “Of course, you do. Everyone loves them.”
Budda didn’t. He father had a few of their CDs and liked to play them in the car. A lot. Based on his music collection, Dad thought no good music had been produced since he graduated from high school.
“Everyone thinks they broke up because of Yoko,” Odyn said. “Not true. It was Paul. He was out on the town in New York City late one night in 1969. He couldn’t go out in public without being mobbed, so he always wore a ten gallon cowboy hat and talked with a Texas accent. He also wore a long blond wig. People dressed all sorts of crazy ways in those times, so Sir Paul fit right in. He hears there’s a Beatles cover band playing at this little hole in the East Village, and he decides it would be a hoot to check it out. Guess what. The cover band—I don’t remember the name and it doesn’t matter—was real good. They even nailed I Am the Walrus. So Paul says to himself, ‘the bloody blokes are better than we are’.” Odyn attempted a British accent that sounded closer to Australian. 
“And that’s where it all ended. Paul decided if a two-bit cover band in Manhattan could outplay the greatest band in the world, it was time to move on. The next day, he told the other three Beatles that he was finished.”
Odyn turned into another subdivision. “Yoko didn’t have a damn thing to do with it.”
This big fella ought to rent himself out as a sleeping aid, Blood Mama said.
They made more stops, with Odyn staying in the car each time while Budda walked up to the front door to collect payment. Budda was tired, cold and jumpy. The energy drinks were responsible for some of the nervousness, but most was because he had swiftly become a drug dealer’s minion without gradually working his way up to it. One day he was eking out a C in Geometry in Kirkwood High; the next day he was a full-fledged criminal. He had allowed himself to get into this mess only because he thought Odyn could take him to find Addie, or at least tell him where she was. That no longer seemed likely.
After the first stop, they drove to another subdivision in new Valkyrie. Budda rang the buzzer of a house with a treeless yard. A slender, middle-aged man wearing plaid pajama bottoms and no shirt came to the door. He looked at Budda with a mix of annoyance and bewilderment. Then he saw Odyn’s LeSabre. The man gasped. “Jesus H. I told him never to come here. I said I’d get it to him my own way.” He looked both ways down his tidy street to see if any of his neighbors’ lights were on. 
Odyn jammed the accelerator to the floor to rev the engine as loud as it would go. Budda could see him laughing, a dim ray from a streetlight spread across his round face.
“I think he wants to save you the trouble,” Budda said, wanting to be helpful. 
The man assumed Budda was another of an endless string of Starkwethers. Where did they keep coming from? Though, this kid seemed nicer than the others. Most of them couldn’t form a sentence without three or four cuss words thrown in.
“I don’t have enough here at the house,” the man said, as if Budda would understand. “That was the whole point of doing this tomorrow.”
“Why don’t you just get me what you got,” Budda said. Whatever he had gotten into, he was now in it all the way.
Odyn honked the horn and held it. 
The man began to panic. “Good God, is he out of his mind? That fool’s going to get us all in trouble.”
He opened the door wider and scanned both ways again to see if Odyn had yet roused anyone from their slumber. “Come inside for a minute,” the man said. That got Odyn to let off the horn.
While the man went to scavenge for enough cash to placate Odyn, Budda waited just inside the door. He found it curious that the house had very little furniture. Except for a flat screen TV on a small entertainment center and a leather recliner, the front area had no furniture. The smell of a microwaved Weight Watchers meal lingered in the air. Budda was familiar with the smell—they’d had quite a few of the frozen meals at home since his mother left. Dad could cook, but he didn’t always feel like it. Budda guessed what he smelled now was the three-cheese ziti. $2.69 at Schnucks. 
The man returned with a handful of crumpled bills, mostly fives and ones that looked like they added up to more than they really did. “This will have to do,” the man said. “I had to borrow from my kid. Tell him he’ll have the rest tomorrow, just like I said I would.”
After Odyn counted the cash and added it to the lunch bag, he said, “I’m too nice with these assholes.”
Odyn made three more stops in the next hour, and each time he stayed in the car while Budda got out and knocked. If it wasn’t for the cold and the way his stomach felt, Budda would almost call the experience fun. Assisting a dealer wasn’t such a bad way to spend the night, if a person didn’t have a bed to go to.
Even Odyn was impressed. “You’re pretty good at this,” he said. “For a quiet fellow, you’ve got a nice way with people.”
“Just trying to be friendly to them,” Budda said.
“I bet you’re one of those who kids who does exactly what his Mommy and Daddy tell him to do, right? You never break the rules. Always do what you’re not supposed to, right?”
You’re a runaway three states from home. That should qualify you as a tiny bit of a rebel, even to Mr. Fats.
“I never even been to a McDonald’s before today,” Budda said, surprised by the admission. He knew Odyn would laugh at him, having received proof that Budda really was a naïve, sheltered kid. 
Instead, Odyn spoke with what sounded to Budda like seriousness. “I guess the Big Mac is kind of like a gateway drug. You know, you’re pretty smart to avoid that kind of food. You don’t want to end up looking like me.”
Budda smiled.
Oh, my heavens, you like our chubby drug dealer here. Are you thinking about moving in together and starting a family?
As they often did, Blood Mama’s words embarrassed Budda. Still, he thought, Odyn wasn’t such a terrible person.
Odyn made one more stop in new Valkyrie where Budda took a white envelope of cash from a woman who was older than his father. Afterwards, they made two stops in old Valkyrie where each time Odyn gave Budda a small baggy of round green pills to deliver. The final time was at the house of Robert Mogley, Jr., where Odyn instructed Budda to knock on the side door.
If Budda’s travel mate from hours earlier — it seemed long ago — recognized him, he didn’t indicate it. Mogley was more interested in the contents of the baggie, which he held up to the dim yellow security light that hung just below the apex of the roof.
“I was never good at math” he said, “but this looks a little short of what I got coming. About twenty short, I’d say.”
Unlike the others, Mogley didn’t care who in the neighborhood saw Odyn’s Buick in front of his house. Budda followed as Mogley went out front to the car, motioning Odyn to roll down his window. Before Odyn could get the window even half way down, Mogley was already demanding to know where the rest of his pills were.
“You’ll get the rest when I give you the rest,” Odyn said. “You don’t need more than you got for awhile anyway.”
“I got customers, too, you know,” Mogley said.
Odyn was calm, like the current situation was nothing to fret about. “Tell them the same thing I told you. They’ll get them when they get them.”
“That’s not the way to run a business,” Mogley said. 
“Then go get your Percs somewhere else, if you think you can,” Odyn said, shouting “your Percs” so anyone awake would hear it. He signaled the conversation was over by rolling up the window. 
After the second drop-off and on their way to old Valkyrie, Odyn had stopped at the Stop’n Pump where Budda had asked for directions when he got to town. Odyn sent him in to buy a few more energy drinks and a large bag of spicy BBQ potato chips. Every fifteen minutes or so, Odyn plied Budda with another can of Red Bull while having a couple for himself. Budda had never felt so jittery, his heart pounding so hard he feared it would burst out of his chest. He didn’t worry whether Odyn would be unhappy with the mess the heart and attached guts would make on his dashboard, which didn’t appear the car had been cleaned in a decade. 
Budda continued to shiver from the combination of caffeine and cold. The temperature had dropped through the night, and the car’s feeble heater couldn’t keep up. Budda felt even more exhausted from his constant shaking. Yet, Odyn, who had plenty of natural insulation, was sweating profusely. It didn’t make the car smell any better. 
Even though he was certain he couldn’t sleep, Budda wanted to go back to Ellie’s house to lie down where it was warmer. He had assumed Odyn would take him back there soon after leaving Nannie’s Kitchen, but it was now two hours later, far later than Budda had ever been allowed to stay up, and he didn’t like it.
Budda had been trying unsuccessfully all night to equate his experience in Valkyrie with the way Addie had described her birthplace. “You’d like it down there,” she had often said, and he had believed her.  “It’s one of the few places left in America where it’s still like it used to be. The whole family gets together after church on Sundays and has a big meal of fried chicken or pot roast. And everybody takes care of each other. Not like it is here in the city.”
“Fried chicken sounds pretty good,” Budda said. “I don’t know about pot roast, because Dad won’t make it.”
“When you get down to Kentucky, we’ll make sure to have some,” she said.
Budda could easily picture Odyn eating a ton of fried chicken and pot roast, but the image of the whole Starkwether clan getting together on a peaceful Sunday afternoon didn’t add up. Budda was beginning to think Addie had stretched the truth a little. When he found her, he would take up the issue with her.




11

Budda had been tired many times before, but the feeling of exhaustion was foreign to him. Though he wished he could sleep, he couldn’t do so as long as his stomach felt like a tumescent volcano ready to spew and energy drinks played havoc with his blood vessels. He had to try again with Odyn.
“I think I’m going to need to lie down,” he said. “You think you could take me back to Ellie’s place now? She said I could sleep there.”
The suggestion amused Odyn. “It’s practically getting-up time. No use going to bed now.”
Three Red Bulls rattled on the car’s centre console. Odyn tossed one in Budda’s lap. “Have another jolt and you’ll be good to go again.” 
“I’d still like to go back there.” 
“At four in the morning? If they’re even there, it’d be too late to disturb them.” 
“I can be real quiet,” Budda insisted, hoping he wasn’t pushing his luck with Odyn. “I’m real quiet at night.” 
As far as Odyn was concerned, the subject was closed. “I need to make a very necessary stop,” he said, licking another bead of saliva from his lip. “It won’t take long.”
He drove north out of old Valkyrie, through new Valkyrie and into an area recently annexed by the town that still looked like farmland. Houses, many of them a century old or more, were situated farther apart in that area of the county. It would still be awhile before developers turned the land into more subdivisions that sprouted identical houses with cathedral ceilings, pressure-treated back decks and two-car garages.
Odyn turned up a long driveway that led to a house secluded in a cluster of magnolias. Budda assumed it was another stop in Odyn’s route. He waited for the man to tell him if he was to pick up or deliver.
“This is personal business.” Odyn said. “You’ll want to get out and find something else to do for a few minutes.”
Budda looked out the window at the darkness. Valkyrie had been tolerable at night because it had never gotten all that dark with the street lights. But he wasn’t a big fan of the night otherwise. He didn’t like being alone in the dark, even at home.
“Where should I go?” he asked.
“Doesn’t much matter to me as long as you’re not in here. Just don’t wander off too far. There was a report of a bear around here last month.”
Budda couldn’t tell if his companion was serious, but he was afraid either way. He slowly got out of the car, colder still than he had been all night. He jumped when he heard something coming toward him, but then a woman appeared out of the dark. She must have come from the house, which was unlit and barely distinguishable from the driveway. Budda couldn’t tell in the blackness if the woman was 25 or 50, pretty or homely. She was likewise looking Budda over and wondering the same.
“Who are you?” she asked. 
Budda wasn’t sure who he was as it related to the current situation. “I don’t know,” he said.
As if that was precisely what she expected him to say, the woman got in the seat he’d just vacated. Before shutting the door, she said, “This won’t take long. He doesn’t have much staying power.”
“Have you ever seen bears around here?”
The woman paused. “Just the one in this car.”
Odyn growled something indistinguishable as the woman slammed the door.
There were no outside lights at the farm, and a layer of clouds had rolled in. It was as close to dark-dark as Budda had ever experienced. At first, he didn’t venture more than a few feet from the car, but he could hear muffled voices of Odyn and the woman inside.
The woman giggled, and a moment later said something that sounded angry. Odyn’s voice was much lower and harder to hear. It sounded gravelly to Budda, almost like he was gargling. The windows fogged quickly, but Budda thought he saw part of a lily-white body part flash near the side window. He didn’t like the darkness that otherwise surrounded him, but he wanted even less to know what was going on inside the car.
He ventured a few yards the way the woman had come and took a leak in the middle of the yard. Then he parked himself on the edge of the house’s low-slung front porch. Its peeling paint crackled under his butt as he adjusted himself. He hoped the Boogie Man or a bear wouldn’t pop out of the shadows and eat him. At least the fresh air had helped his stomach settle a bit.
Blood Mama knew he was afraid. She sat with him.
You couldn’t pay me enough to let that oaf put anything of his in anything of mine. That just ain’t right. 
Budda liked having the company of Blood Mama, but he didn’t want to talk. It bothered him that she could be so crude sometimes. And she made Odyn sound a lot worse than he was.
Just going to sulk for awhile, huh? You wanted an adventure when you left for Kentucky, and you sure got one.
I didn’t come for an adventure, he said. I came here to find Addie, because you told me I needed to.
But instead of finding her, you’ve spent the whole night running all over God’s green earth with a drug dealer.
Even though he was nearly freezing, Budda thought the night hadn’t been so bad. Odyn didn’t seem like such a terrible guy. However, he wasn’t going say that to Blood Mama.
What do I do now? Budda asked. 
The goal hasn’t changed. You still need to find Addie, but first you better figure out how you’re going to get away from ole Thunder Thighs. You’ve done everything he’s asked. Pretty soon, though, he’ll up the ante and have you doing something real serious.
I’ll tell him I’m real tired and get him to drop me off at Ellie’s.
You’ve tried that, Blood Mama said. You ought to make a run for it right now.
And get eaten by a bear? It’s so dark out here that I could walk right up on one and not know it.
It didn’t take long before the woman got out of the car. Budda waited by the porch as she walked back through the front yard and ascended the two steps beside him. 
“It’ll take a gallon of vodka to erase the memory of that,” she said, though Budda didn’t think she was talking to him. 
Back in the car, Odyn had his seat reclined as far as it would go. His eyes were closed and his pants were unzipped. As soon as Budda shut the door, Odyn popped the seat up.
“Not all payments are made in cash,” he said, making a wide circle in the yard to turn the Buick around. “Time to get back to work.”
“Are we going to Ellie’s now?” Budda asked. “I’ve had a good time tonight, but I’m dead tired, and Ellie said I could sleep there.” 
Odyn didn’t answer, which Budda hoped meant that he was thinking it over. Or even better, he was headed back to Ellie’s already. Still, Budda wanted to know for sure.
“You taking me back there?” he asked. 
“I sure wish you’d quit asking. I’d hate for you to walk in on Ellie and her man, thereby creating a case of Coitus Interruptus. It could leave you scarred for life.” 
“I’ll take my chances,” Budda said, certain that the noises he had heard coming from the car earlier had already scarred him forever.
Odyn’s phone vibrated with an incoming call.
“Hello?” he answered. “You forgot it?... How the hell is that possible?... Never mind. I’ll run by the house and get it myself. Just meet me out at the pasture.”
After the call, Odyn stewed in silence. It was the first time that night Budda knew he was mad.
“Everythingokay?” Budda asked.
“We’re real close to Ellie’s place anyway,” Odyn said. “We’ll stop by, and I’ll go in and see what they’re up to. If they’re okay with you coming inside, I’ll give you the sign.”
When they arrived at the darkened house, Cortez’s car was gone. Odyn pulled into its spot and hoisted himself out of the car. He panted so hard Budda feared he would keel over right there in the driveway. He breathlessly ordered Budda to stay put while he sidled around to the back of the house. 
Two minutes later, Odyn returned with a stuffed garbage bag, which he tossed in the back seat. 
“Sorry, but they don’t want to be disturbed right now,” Odyn said once he was back behind the wheel. “They’re in the middle of something that a young kid like you doesn’t need to hear. I told them don’t worry about it because I’ll make sure to keep you entertained.”
Budda was disappointed, but he had already expected this result. He had given up ever sleeping again. He wondered about the bag in the back seat.
“You took their garbage?” he asked.
“Just some things they asked me to dump for them. They forgot to put it out before the sanitation truck came by yesterday.”
Shortly after they exited the neighborhood, red and blue lights flashed behind the car. Odyn grumbled and slowly pulled off the road onto the shoulder. “Hasn’t that fool got anything better to do?”
Budda thought this was the end of the road. The police had likely been following them around town and had seen everything Budda had done. He imagined a stakeout with high-powered telescopes and cameras recording his every illegal move. All the money he had collected and the baggies of green pills he had delivered. He would spend the rest of his life in prison as a drug runner, which meant he would have to get ugly tattoos on each of his fingers. K-E-V-I-N would be a perfect fit. Should he go all upper case? What was prison protocol on such things?
And then there’s all that affectionate attention you can expect from the bigger inmates, Blood Mama said.
I wish I’d stayed in St. Louis, Budda said.
Except Addie needs you. There’s no doubt about it, unless it’s already too late to help her.
Don’t say that.
After parking his cruiser behind them, a cop came around to Odyn’s side, first shining his flashlight on the garbage bag in the back seat and then on Odyn.
“Why you gotta shine that thing right at me?” Odyn asked.
“How’s the world treating you, Odie?” the cop asked, sounding a lot more affable than Odyn. It was hard to see what the officer looked like behind the flashlight, but Budda guessed he was about Odyn’s age. Budda could tell they were familiar with each other, though not in a friendly way. 
“What you want, Scott?”
“Out awful late, aren’t you?”
“I work the night shift.”
Scott found that amusing. “Oh, Odie, Odie. You’re quite a card, aren’t you? You never worked a day in your life.”
Odyn hated the name Odie, which was the same as that slobber mutt in Garfield. Only classmates from grade school still called him that. He had hated grade school. He found it boring and beneath his intelligence level, similar to how Cortez talked about Vandy, but in a more believable sense. Teachers mistook his apathy for stupidity and treated him likewise. He didn’t like to be reminded of those days, especially from a night-shift Barney Fife who thought he was God’s gift to law enforcement. 
“You just stop me to chat?” he asked Scott.
The officer’s good humor dried up quickly. “I heard someplace that a little Florida trip you arranged didn’t go so well. You’re not going to stir up any trouble over it, are you?”
“Don’t know what you’re talking about. I haven’t been to Florida must be two years now.” 
“Where’s your gun?” Scott asked.
“I got a conceal-and-carry.”
“That wasn’t the question. I asked where your gun is.”
“Why you want to hassle me?” Odyn revved the engine a couple times like he might just take off when he decided the cop had wasted enough of his time.
Not getting anywhere with Odyn, the cop shined his flashlight on Budda.
“Who’s this?”
“That’s my half-brother,” Odyn said.
“What’s his name?” Scott asked.
Odyn had to think hard. He had forgotten Budda’s name because he hadn’t heard it since they were introduced at Ellie’s place. He hadn’t much cared what the boy’s name was because he hadn’t expected there to be a quiz.
“Tell him your name,” Odyn said to Budda.
Before Budda could answer, Scott said, “Funny your own brother don’t know your name.” Then to Odyn: “You training another one of your runners, Odyn? I haven’t seen that little girl lately. That wild one with the crazy eyes.”
“Not training anybody for anything,” Odyn said, doing a good job of acting like the question didn’t bother him. “We were just over to Nannie’s for a bite. This kid’s my brother all right. Just didn’t know I had him. You know how my paps could be. Even dinked your mama a time or two, didn’t he?”
The cop knew Odyn was trying to get under his skin, but he kept his cool. Scott was in no rush to end their visit and wanted to learn more about Budda. “How old are you, kid?”
“Fifteen, sir,” Budda said. “I guess I’m too young to be out this late.” He saw a chance to get out of his mess if the cop took him to the police station, even if it did mean spending some time in jail. At least he could report Addie as a missing person and get the police out looking for her.
Turning his attention back to Odyn, the officer said, “We got a curfew for teenagers. You ought to know that since everyone calls it the Starkwether law.” He set his hand lightly on the Glock 22 in his hip holster.
“Why don’t you both just get out of the car,” he said.
Budda felt his transverse muscles tighten, and he feared his nerves were about to make him vomit again. Eager to obey, he began to open his door. Odyn grabbed his arm with such force that it frightened the boy enough to pee a little. Damn the Red Bulls.
“We are not getting out of this car,” Odyn said.
“You will if I say you will,” Scott insisted. 
“My bad knees are locked up, it’s late, and I got to get this boy to bed,” Odyn said. “Like you said, there’s a curfew.” He kept his grip on Budda’s arm. 
The narcotics hawker and the cop stared hard at each other. Odyn held onto Budda, who was beginning to lose circulation to his hand.
Scott blinked. “All right then. I won’t be such a pussy if I see this shit-heap out here again tonight.”
Without a word, Odyn put the car in gear and pulled away, spinning gravel and dust as the officer stood watching. 




12

They didn’t go home, not that Budda wanted to go to Odyn’s home. He had a hard time imagining the man had one where a wife and kids waited for him at the breakfast table. The old Buick seemed as much like Odyn’s home as anything else, judging from the fast food wrappers and empty cups that littered the floorboards front and back.
“What’re you shivering so much for, kid?” Odyn asked. 
Budda hadn’t realized how much he was shaking. The close call with the cop temporarily had taken his mind off the cold. Now he felt the chill again full force. “It’s a little cool in here,” he said. 
“Reach back there and get that trash bag,” Odyn said. “Might be something there you could put on. Otherwise, it’s just going to the ditch.” 
Budda did as he was told and pulled the bag onto his lap. It was so full that he could barely see over it, not that there was anything worth seeing in Valkyrie, Kentucky at 4:30 in the morning. 
He felt around inside the plastic and immediately pulled out his backpack. It still had his rank clothes, dead phone and Oliver Twist in it. It perturbed him that Ellie or Cortez had thrown away everything he owned. Then he pulled out something bigger: an orange parka, the reason the garbage bag was so stuffed. Budda stared at it as he began to understand what its presence meant. Cortez would never throw away the parka.
So much for Cortez, huh? Well, you didn’t like him anyway.
Shush.
You’re deep in it now.
Just be quiet.
“It won’t keep you warm unless you actually put it on,” Odyn said. 
Budda hurriedly stuffed the parka back in the bag which he then threw in the back seat. “Cortez doesn’t want anyone wearing that coat,” Budda said. 
“He’s not using it anymore,” Odyn said. 
“You said he’d have until tomorrow night.” 
“I could’ve given him until this time next year, and he still wouldn’t have delivered my product.” 
Budda refused to imagine what happened to Ellie. She and Odyn were blood relatives, which should account for something. However, Budda had an idea that money counted for even more.
Odyn knew what Budda was thinking. “I figure Ellie went to spend a few days at her mom’s place. She knew which way the wind was blowing. She’ll be all right.”
This had been a night of many firsts for Budda. It started with drug dealing, and now this. Budda never knew anyone who had been killed before. Not even in a car wreck.
Neither spoke, but the atmosphere in the car changed, became more constricted. They were now headed south, down a country road outside Valkyrie when Odyn stopped in the middle of the road. Budda was close to opening his door and making his escape when Odyn asked, “You ever drive before?”
Ask him if a riding lawnmower counts. 
Odyn hefted himself out of the car. His lungs worked hard as he waddled around to the passenger side. “Switch places with me,” he said as Budda went around the back of the car to get in the driver’s seat. “It’s hard to find the place we’re going in the dark, so I need you to drive while I spot for it.”
Odyn produced a spotlight from the back floorboard and plugged the end of into the power outlet in the console. He beamed the light along the road side, scanning for the easy-to-miss turnoff. 
Budda knew enough to put the car in Drive and push the accelerator, but he was too distressed to go faster than ten mph. 
Entertained by Budda’s creeping speed, Odyn said, “Don’t guess we’ll miss the turnoff going this slow.” 
Budda sped up to fifteen mph. 
“You’ve got nothing to worry about," Odyn said. “I’m just a businessman. And like any businessman, I have to keep my employees in line, just like they do at KFC or Burger King. You ever get an order of onion rings at Burger King?”
Budda knew even less about the menu at Burger King than the one at McDonald’s. This didn’t matter to Odyn.
“If Burger King hires you, they know  they’re not getting a Rhodes Scholar. All they expect is for you to show up on time and not to burn the onion rings. There’s nothing worse than burnt onion rings. If you burn the rings too many times, they’ll kick your ass to the curb, because you’re costing Burger King money.
“Burned rings are money out of the King’s pocket, but that’s not the biggest problem. People aren’t lining up to get a job deep-frying onion rings. The hours stink and the pay’s not as good as you might think. Still, BK’s got to get rid of you when you mess up too many times. If they don’t, all the other workers will think they can get away with burning the onion rings, too. That’s the reason the King can’t go soft on ring burners. See what I’m saying?”
Budda was starting to. “You’re the king?”
“You got it. And I take care of ring burners the way they ought to be taken care of.”
“What about Addie?” Budda asked. “Did she burn the rings?”
Odyn seemed like he was about to answer when he spotted the turnoff behind some uncut fescue in the right of way. “Turn right up here.”
Budda turned onto a bumpy road graveled with limestone chunks.
“Guess who took down the street sign back there so the cops would have trouble finding the right road,” Odyn said. 
“You?”
“Of course not. I get my little brothers to do the physical labor.”
Budda couldn’t see anything down the lonely stretch except for his demise. Yet, he kept driving. He knew he was a fool to do so, but he couldn’t think of an alternative.
Odyn was in a talkative mood. “Men’re meant to be violent,” he said. “It’s just the way we’re built. Society’s been trying to breed it out of us for eons, but it won’t do. We all got it in us to fight to protect ourselves. Even a skinny kid like you’d fight back if it came to it. If I had to choose between fighting and backing down, I’d fight every time. Women run. Men don’t. You watch. When you get in some situation where you got to pop a guy to protect what’s important to you, you’ll pop him. Or if you don’t, he’ll pop you. It’s in your genes, you know?”
Budda didn’t, but he preferred to keep that to himself.
“I’ll just warn you now that Maxie’s a tiny bit irked that I got you with me tonight. You see, Maxie gets perturbed about a lot of things. I can’t wait for you to meet him and the others, though. It’s like those stories where someone finds family they didn’t know they had. And they all live happily ever after, like in a Charles Dickens book.”
Nothing at all like a Dickens story, I’d say. 
Up the road, Budda spotted the red reflectors on a pickup stopped on the road. As the Buick approached, a man got out of the truck and shielded his eyes against the glare of the car’s lights. 
“Speak of the devil. That’s Maxie,” Odyn said. “Dim the lights before you blind him.”
Budda fumbled with several switches and levers, including the wipers, until he found one that turned the headlights completely off. He eased the car up by the man beside the pickup, driving so close that Maxie had to hop back against the pickup.
“I guess that’ll do,” Odyn said.
Maxie wasn’t yet as big as Odyn, but he looked like he intended to make a serious run at it. He came out of the shadows around to the passenger side as Odyn rolled down his window, letting the cold in.
“What’s the word, little brother?” Odyn asked. 
“My God you fool, you almost run over my fucking foot,” Maxie said, addressing Budda. So much for the pleasant introductions.
Budda got a better look at Maxie when he leaned farther in the window. He appeared much more menacing than his brother. “This the little shit from Missouri you were telling us about?” he asked. 
“Why, yes, it is. He’s practically part of our family,” Odyn said, but looking bewildered. “Apologies. I forgot your name again,” he said to Budda.
Budda squeaked that his name was Kevin. Even in the pitch dark, Maxie glowed of pure meanness. Budda could feel anger oozing from the man’s whisker follicles.
“Where’s the other two?” Odyn asked. 
Maxie looked back down the road. “Coming up behind you,” he said. Another set of headlights came up slowly behind the Buick.
Odyn hoisted himself from the car to go confer with his brothers. His vacated seat made a sucking sound like it was recovering from near suffocation.
Budda could hear Odyn and his brothers arguing several feet away about something. Maxie was doing most of the yelling. Odyn spoke calmly, like he was trying to placate Maxie.
Budda kicked something at his feet, which he realized was the lunch container that held Odyn’s collections. He impulsively grabbed a wad of cash from it, and, after arranging it, he folded it and stuffed it in his hip pocket. It might be enough for a bus ticket back to Missouri if he could get away. If he couldn’t, it wouldn’t matter anyway.
No sense taking the money unless you’re going to take the gun, too, Blood Mama said. You’ll need it when the whale finds out you stole his money. He’ll come after you like he’s attacking a country ham.
What would I do with a gun?
They’re made for only one thing.
Budda looked at the glove compartment. Blood Mama was right. If he took the gun he assumed was in there, he better be ready to fire it. Since he had never been allowed to have even a toy gun, using a real one wasn’t likely to go well. Now in a panic, he decided to put the money back, but he didn’t get the chance. 
Odyn came back to the driver’s side and motioned Budda to get out. “My knees ain’t worth squat tonight,” he said. “You go with the others in my place. There’s a metal gate that leads into a pasture on the other side of Maxie’s truck. Open it and then hop in the back of Po Po’s truck. Help them dump the trash they’re hauling.”
Budda felt his legs seize up so that he didn’t think he could move. His limbs were smart enough to know this was a bad idea. “I don’t think I should go,” he said. “This is none of my business.”
Odyn took a deep breath like Budda’s dad did when he was getting ready to explain something that Budda should already know. 
“You’re right. It’s none of your business, because there is no ‘business’,” Odyn said. “You’re just lending a hand because my knees are screaming at me. You’ve done a good job for me tonight, and this is the last thing you’ll have to do, I promise. Now get out there and open that gate. And take that garbage bag with you.” 
Budda sat a moment longer, but Odyn was through discussing it. He leaned against the car and started texting on his phone again. Budda worried he was texting his brothers, just a few feet away, about how Budda was part of the trash, too. Budda grabbed the garbage and walked slowly to unchain the gate. As dangerous as Odyn might be, Budda wished he could stay with him. He felt safer with him than with Maxie.
Odyn remained cemented in his car, parked along the road, while his three younger brothers pulled through the gate in the second pickup. The heavy night air smelled of moisture. The metal gate felt like an iced-down can of soda to Budda’s fingers. 
He didn’t know if he was supposed to chain the gate behind him, but he did so. Without instruction, he threw the garbage bag in the pickup bed and climbed in with it, wondering why he was making it so easy for his killers.
The truck headed down a slope that was so rough the truck wobbled like a trawler riding out a sea squall. Budda had nothing convenient to hold to. He was sitting on the passenger side wheel well when the jostling of the truck knocked him to the floor. He landed on a large bundle that lay in the pickup bed, something wrapped in what felt like a fluffy blanket. He stayed prone for a moment, thinking it was the softest, safest position to avoid being thrown from the truck. Then something about the feel of the thing frightened him, so he scrambled back on to the wheel well.
It was too dark to see much—the sky was blanketed by low-hanging clouds—but he sensed animals were close because he could smell fresh manure.
Cows, Blood Mama said. Angus. Those are the black ones. My granddaddy raised Holsteins.
Budda was about to say he had bigger issues than cows to worry about when the rain started.
Well now, this is a fine way to top off a special evening. 
No, Budda thought, the top-off was yet to come. He didn’t need Blood Mama in his ear right then, so he shut her out. He was already freezing and now he would have to endure a good soaking. It wouldn’t matter for long, though. It seemed pointless to whine about the wet and cold when a person would soon be cold for eternity.
If they found his body, his father would want to see where the deed was done. He would have to come down this same rutted trail. Maybe his body would be discovered soon enough that the pasture would still be muddy from the rain. And if Dad got a ride to the crime scene with Scott, the cop, the Crown Vic police cruiser might ride too low to maneuver the rough trail without bottoming out. Budda pictured his father pushing from behind while Scott tried to get the cruiser unstuck.
Don’t get all dark and gloomy now. I don’t want you getting any ideas about coming to be with me. You’re not done, yet.
Coming to be with you?
Don’t talk like you don’t know I’ve been dead and gone for years. You’re smarter than that.
I’ve been dumb my whole life. And I’m about to be dead, too. They killed Cortez and now they’re going to do the same to me.
That’s fool talk. Use that head of yours and you’ll be all right.
This head’s what got me into trouble in the first place.
It’s about time you used it to get yourself out of this mess, then. You don’t need me for that.
When the slope ended and the pasture leveled out, the pickup soon stopped. Budda waited, glued to the wheel well and not about to get out without being forced to do so. It was even colder down on the pasture bottom. Budda had never felt so miserable.
The men kept the truck running with the lights on and the wipers going full tilt. Budda imagined the cab was nice and toasty. Confirming this, the Starkwether brothers waited a minute before getting out and coming around to the back of the truck. While Maxie stood back and watched, the other two lowered the truck gate and teamed to tug Cortez’s body toward them.
The brothers grunted and wailed like they were painfully constipated. For all their noise, they made little progress. They weren’t particularly strong for their size, plus the polyester material Cortez was wrapped in had become slick with the rain. Neither man could get a good hold. 
“Talk about dead weight,” one of them said. Budda assumed it was Po Po. Although he wasn’t really a string bean, he wasn’t quite as large as his brothers. Other than that, Budda couldn’t distinguish one Starkwether from another. In the gloom and rain, their faces had no more features than a glob of mashed potatoes.
“Don’t just sit there on your ass, boy,” Maxie said. “Help us out here before we all get soaked to the bone.” 
Budda grabbed hold of the part closest to the truck cab. Budda could feel Cortez’s head. He knew he should have been repulsed by this, but he was so numb, either from the cold or from his impending demise, that he picked up the end like he was hefting a bowling ball. He could see now that Cortez was wrapped in a comforter which was tied with a length of extension cord. Even wet, the comforter felt so soft and nice to Budda that it seemed a shame to dump it.
Budda wondered if the Starkwethers would unroll Cortez and then take back the comforter after this deed was finished. He didn’t know what was considered acceptable behavior when it came to dumping a body. Few people would want to the use the comforter after this anyway, unless it got a good cleaning. Did a bloody comforter have to be taken to a professional cleaner?
When the body cleared the pickup gate, it dropped to the ground with a splat, having landed in a growing puddle of mud and manure. Budda stood on the gate staring down at the clump as rain pattered on it. He imagined what Cortez’s hair was like now, no longer full of body, but messed and matted with blood and God knew what other body matter.
“You getting read to sermonize us?” Maxie asked, looking up at Budda with a snarl. “This thing ain’t gonna walk itself to the ditch.”
“If it does, I’m not waiting around to see it,” the one named Clell said.
“Get your ass down here and grab a hold,” Maxie ordered Budda.
For the first time, Budda hesitated. “Look, I just came here to find my sister, our sister. I’ve got nothing to do with the rest of this.”
Po Po and Clell didn’t seem to care one way or the other if Budda helped. They each grabbed a side of the front end of the bundle and begun lugging it through the muck toward a deep ditch a few feet from the front of the pickup. Rather than help grab a corner, Maxie kept his hard gaze on Budda. 
“She wasn’t your sister,” Maxie said. “Now get your bony butt down here before I come up there and knock you down. And bring that trash bag with you.”
If he ever saw his dad again, Budda would explain to him that you didn’t have to worry only that the Boogie Man would come to you. Sometimes, you might stumble across him.  
A Kirkwood City cop had come to Budda’s school once to talk about what to do in case you were abducted. Budda couldn’t figure why anyone would want to abduct him, but he listened anyway because the officer was more interesting than Budda’s teachers. As Budda recalled, the first rule was to do whatever you could to keep from being taken. Under no circumstances should you let a scumbag get you in his car. (Budda had already flunked that part.) The cop advised another vital step was to scream, to make make as much noise as possible to draw attention.
The cop didn’t have a remote pasture in mind when he gave that advice. Budda figured he could get the attention of the cows in the pasture, but he didn’t imagine they could do much to free him from his situation. He had seen an ancient cowboy movie once where the bad guys got caught in a stampede, which had started when the good guy fired his six-shooter. Budda knew he should have taken the gun from the glove compartment after all.
So far, none of the three men had displayed any weapon. Budda only assumed each had something hidden, so he knew it would do no good to argue with Maxie. Without another word, he grabbed the garbage bag and jumped from the truck bed.
At the ditch, Po Po and Clell rolled the body over the edge and down the ditch, but it didn’t go far before catching on something.
“Get down there and push it on down to the bottom,” Maxie said.
Budda looked to see which of the brothers Maxie was talking to, but Maxie was looking at him. He obliged, climbing down into the dark ditch where he felt even more repulsed to be alone with the body. The truck headlights broadcast over the ditch, the rays illuminating the rain drops and beech trees that grew along the edge. No light shone down the ditch, which was cave-dark. No one at the top had a flashlight to illuminate where the bundle was. Budda had to go more by feel than sight, which meant having to touch Cortez again. 
The cord that was wrapped around the bundle had snagged the branch of a severed beech limb. From what Budda could feel with his feet, the ditch had been used often as a dump site. He stepped and slid over smashed metal cans, empty oil quart bottles, and other rubble he could only imagine in the dark. Some of it felt like jagged concrete fragments while other parts gave easily under his feet. He began to believe this wasn’t the first body that had been dumped there. What was only a rock, he imagined to be the skull of some other unfortunate “onion ring burner”. Budda now believed he was floundering in a cemetery for failed pharmaceutical distributors. Was Addie down there, too?
Budda first tried to wrestle the body free from the branch. When the limb began to crack, he realized it would be quicker to snap off the branch, which was brittle and not so big that he couldn’t break it. Cortez hadn’t been a big man, but neither was Budda as far as muscles go, which meant for hard going as he rolled, pulled and coaxed the bundle farther down the soggy embankment. Even in the rain and cold, he started to warm from the exertion. Body disposal was hard work. 
Maxie yelled from above. “What’s going on down there? You stop to take pictures?”
“Just got it unstuck from a tree,” Budda said. He was panting now, worse than when he had to run laps in gym. He had to catch his breath. He peeked up at the edge of the embankment, but all he could see was the glow of the truck’s headlights. A moment later, one truck door slammed and then another. He hoped that the worst the Starkwethers planned to do was leave him there, stranded, but alive. 
“When you get it down there, cover it with whatever shit you can find,” Maxie said. It must have been Po Po and Clell who had retreated from the rain to the truck.
Budda continued down the ditch, sliding the wrapped cargo alongside him. The going became a little easier the farther down the trench he went. Little trash tossed from the ledge had made it down that far, and rainwater had turned the embankment into a muddy slide. Budda came across few obstacles except for bushes that he couldn’t name, even though they gave him a personal introduction by way of smacking him in the face. After five minutes of sweat- and rain-sodden struggle, he reached the bottom of the ditch with the body.
The place smelled of decayed leaves, rusted tin and God knew what else. Something hit the ground with a whoosh and loud thud close to Budda. He yelled, thinking a bear was about to pounce on him. He held his breath for the attack, but nothing happened. His eyesight had adjusted some to the dark, and he could see that it was the garbage bag, which Maxie had tossed from above.
Budda took the presence of the bag as a small bit of good news, believing it meant that Maxie wasn’t coming down with it. Budda could hear no rustling of leaves and breaking of branches that would accompany Maxie’s descent. He suspected Maxie waited for him to climb back up just so he could put a bullet in him and roll him back down again. It would make more sense for Maxie to slide down the ditch to get rid of Budda next to Cortez, but Maxie didn’t seem to be a maximum effort kind of guy. Perhaps he planned to take potshots from the ledge while Budda ran back and forth, like in a video game.
“What’s taking so long down there?” Maxie yelled. “Get it covered up with something and let’s get on with this show before I catch pneumonia.”
Budda stumbled blindly as he tried to find something to cover the bundle with. He got down on his hands and knees — he was already soaked and muddied, so a little more wouldn’t matter — and felt nothing but leaves. He situated the bundle in the lowest part of the ditch, where a nascent stream had formed from the rain, and tossed a few armfuls of leaves on top. It wasn’t what Maxie had in mind, but Budda wasn’t angling for a fulltime job with the Starkwether clan.
Just as he finished covering the bundle, he remembered the parka. Cortez never wanted to be without it. Ellie said so herself.
What should I do, Blood Mama?
For the first time, she didn’t answer when he called. He would have to decide what to do on his own.
With a deep sigh, he swept the blanket of leaves from the comforter. It took a bit of time to find where the extension cord had been tied, and a bit longer to loosen it. His hands had become so numb in the wet and cold that they were slow to cooperate. The body rotated as he heaved the comforter free of it. He was glad for the dark so that he couldn’t see Cortez’s face well, and what the Starkwethers had done to him. To make sure of it, he squinted like he was staring into the sun.
Budda retrieved the parka from the bag and began to wrestle it on the corpse, which was already in rigor mortis. Cortez’s arms were down at his sides, so Budda rolled him onto his stomach, his face in the mud, and finally slid the parka on from behind. As he got the coat over the shoulders, Budda saw dark streaks of blood along Cortez’s neckline, streaks that were now being washed away by the rain. Until then, Budda could still convince himself that this whole thing wasn’t as bad as it seemed. Perhaps Cortez had died of a heart attack or something, and that those involved didn’t want to bother with calling an ambulance. A stupid thing to think, for sure, but Budda had been willing to imagine anything other than the truth to help him get through this night.




13

Through the hum of the rain and wind, Budda could hear the muffled voice of Maxie. The distance was too great for Budda to make out the words, but he imagined Maxie was talking on the phone with Odyn. While he still had a chance to get away, he would see where the hollow would take him, which sloped downward further still toward what, Budda determined from the sloshing he made, was become a shallow brook. The muddy runoff soaked through his Reeboks, and he was getting cold again. He heard Maxie yell for him. Because the man’s voice sounded closer than it did where he left Cortez’s body, Budda feared the ditch had somehow wound around back toward the pickup. Still, he kept following it through tangles of honeysuckle and bittersweet. 
The ditch began to narrow and shorten until Budda came to a sagging barbed wire fence that ran across the ditch about head high. It had been built there decades ago, before erosion formed the ravine. Budda started to walk beneath the fence to where the ditch would end, but he didn’t know how far he had walked or if he was still in the pasture. Confused, he climbed the bank to get his bearings.
The rain had slowed a little. If there was to be any sun that day, it would peak above the horizon in minutes. But the early morning sky was the color of plum, still plenty dark to offer him cover. From what little Budda could make out of his surroundings, he concluded he was still in the same pasture with Starkwethers. He scanned back along the timber the way he had come, but he saw no truck lights. He heard nothing but the rain, which had started to abate until it was a drizzle.
Budda took cover on the ditch side of a nearby buckthorn and waited for a bit more light. He would be much easier to spot at dawn, but he didn’t want to wander in the dark should he stumble blindly into a round mound of Starkwethers. He wasn’t too worried about Odyn, yet — the old LeSabre would easily get stuck in the muddy pasture, and Odyn wouldn’t get out to walk — but Budda knew Maxie could chase after him nearly anywhere in the truck.
Dawn arrived, and the inky sky transformed into a shade of phlegm, like it had become sickly from all the rain and cold it carried. The temperature hovered in the upper thirties. Budda felt more miserable than ever, and crouching behind the buckthorn only made him feel worse. It was time to move.
He guessed Valkyrie would be back and to the left of where he stood, which would take him back in the direction of the dump site. From how long it had taken Odyn and him to arrive at the pasture, he guessed the town was at least five miles away. He couldn’t remember how many turns they had made, and he realized he could have things completely backwards. Either way, he knew he couldn’t stay put.
He jogged up the hill, assuming he would soon come to the gravel road. He passed a dozen cattle huddled near the fence line. They paid him no notice, and he did likewise. Budda now was certain that he was still in the same pasture he had entered. He hadn’t traveled along the bottom of the ditch nearly as far as he thought. If he went back to his left, he would come across the rough path the Starkwethers had driven down to get to the dump. In that direction, he eventually would come across the brothers. However, alternatives were few.
He spotted a house and barn up on the right. Suspicious that more Starkwether kin lived there, he crouched low, moving forward until he came to the fence line. Rather than climb through, he slowly followed it back toward the entrance gate. High grass between the fence and road could keep him covered from that side. Up ahead, somewhere, Odyn and the boys would be waiting for him. But they wouldn’t know which direction to watch. He hoped to spot them first.
When Budda came to the pasture’s entrance, he still hadn’t seen or heard  anyone. Only one set of tire tracks was visible in the mud, but it had started raining only after the pickup had entered the pasture. That meant the truck had been driven back out the gate.
Budda crept, almost in a crawl, along the fence, while peeking for signs of either car or pickups parked along the road. It took him nearly ten minutes, moving step by slow step, before he could confirm that neither vehicle was parked nearby. He had begun to think the Starkwethers had returned to Valkyrie when he heard pea gravel popping under tires. The sound came down the road from the direction he had just come, near the farm house. The vehicle was moving slowly, as those its occupants were looking for someone along the road.
Budda was fully exposed. He hurried past the entrance, still inside the pasture. Running downhill in a crouch, he was unable to keep his balance, pitching forward and falling face first in the wet grass. He rolled like barrel over to the edge of the wired fence to wait for the car to pass.
In that spot, the road was elevated slightly above the pasture. The driver wouldn’t be able to see along the fence line without getting out and standing on the shoulder. If it was Odyn, he wouldn’t bother. After a minute of waiting, Budda heard the car coming close, still going slowly. It stopped about 50 feet away. The only sound was the thumpa-thumpa of the windshield wipers. Budda waited to hear the door open, but it didn’t. Eventually, the car moved past him, speeding up after another hundred yards down the road. 
When he was satisfied the car had left, Budda continued down the hill and crossed a fence into a corn field that had been partially harvested. He ran to the cover of the rows that had yet to be picked, and then he forged his way northwest. He was still unsure if he was headed in the direction of Valkyrie. He wished it was still dark so that he could try to spot the lights of the town in the distance. But the morning had now turned a roiling butternut color — more rain was coming — and the horizon looked identical in every direction. He wished he had stuck to scouting long enough to learn how to find one’s way back to civilization after escaping drug runners. He had quit Cub Scouts because his dad would never let him go on campouts, fearing he would catch some jungle disease even though the camp ground was only fifteen miles from their house. 
At the edge of the corn field, Budda came to three towering barns sitting atop a fallow ridge that reminded him of pictures he’d seen of Stonehenge. Each barn was three stories, taller than any that Budda had seen in Missouri. The structures formed a triangle and were uniformly encased in corrugated tin with a row of six windows on each level. To Budda, they looked like abandoned army barracks. With the rain starting again, Budda wanted to get inside one of the barns to dry off and rest a bit, but each door he tried was locked. He kept moving down the other side of the ridge to another cornfield that had yet to be harvested. The rain began to fall harder; the temperature dropped even more. 
He came to a paved road that looked like it might lead someplace he needed to go. He couldn’t be sure which way that was, but he had a 50-50 chance of being right. He didn’t ask Blood Mama for help because he knew she was gone. He would have to listen to his own voice.
He had been making his way gradually to the left, so he decided to keep going that way. He walked on the left side of the road, which had a narrow shoulder, so that he could see oncoming traffic like his father told him to do any time there was no sidewalk. But if the Starkwethers came down this road, they would more than likely be coming from behind him. He didn’t know why he knew that, but he didn’t doubt himself. 
The road had some traffic. A couple of cars approached from the opposite direction, and an old Chevy cargo van came from behind him. They were the first vehicles Budda had seen since he began his trek. That was a good sign, because it meant there must be some civilization close by. Still, he was ready to jump off the road into the mucky side ditch any time he saw a truck or an old Buick. 
Budda had been on the run for an hour, soaked, cold, beat dead and nearly hungry enough to eat his own flesh, when he hit the outskirts of Valkyrie. The rain stopped again, and the sun began to intermittently peak out from behind the clouds.
One of the first businesses Budda walked past was Nannie’s Kitchen. He would have given just about anything for another stack of those waffles, except that a dark gray Ford pickup was parked there. Budda didn’t know what kind of pickup the Starkwether boys drove — it had been too dark to tell in the pasture — but it would be foolish to assume the Ford belonged to anyone else. He kept moving up the road toward the business district of New Valkyrie.
Budda had been trying to get back to town all night, and now that he was there, he wasn’t sure why. Valkyrie hadn’t been the most pleasant place to visit, but he had no better place to go. He had never found Addie, the reason he had come there in the first place, and he suspected he had been very close to her when he was at the bottom of the ditch. 
Ellie was the only live person in Valkyrie that he would want to see, and he wasn’t too keen on seeing her face again either. Budda opted to keep moving through Valkyrie and on toward Louisville. He might have to walk all the way there, and it might take a week, but he wasn’t staying in Valkyrie any longer. He wanted only to go home. He still had Odyn’s drug money with him, which he needed to get rid of soon. Once he got back to the bus station, he would find the Greyhound terminal and get his dad to send bus money. 
He came to the intersection with the Walgreens and Kroger grocery store and the McDonald’s across the way. He cut through the Walgreens parking lot with more than half an idea of going in to see what he could get food-wise to hold him over for a bit. He still had two dollars he had brought from home. If they had one of those “two candy bars for a dollar” deals, he might go for it. A Milky Way would hit the spot, even though his father wouldn’t approve of all the sugar. That would still leave him with a dollar for emergencies, as if his current situation didn’t already qualify as one.
He wished he could call home then, but he didn’t see a pay phone. He’d left his cellphone, which might still have a drip of battery life, in the backpack, which was in the garbage bag, which was now keeping Cortez company at the bottom of a ditch in a remote cow pasture. 
As he cursed himself for this oversight, a vehicle pulled up behind him until it was so close he could feel the heat from the radiator on his butt. Budda knew for sure it was Odyn, but he didn’t turn around or adjust his gait, keeping his sights on the store entrance. The driver gunned the engine, which didn’t sound like Odyn’s Buick. Budda turned around to see Maxie jumping out of his pickup. Odyn’s brother looked so angry Budda expected the man’s hair to catch on fire. Maxie kept his hand on the edge of the open door like he had something inside he was ready to pull out at a predetermined moment.
“Get the fuck in the truck,” Maxie said. 
Paralyzed less by fear than total exhaustion, Budda didn’t move. 
“Get. The. Fuck. In. The. Truck,” Maxie said. 
He’s a poet and didn’t know it. 
Is that you, Blood Mama?
Not even close. Whatever you do, don’t get in that truck, or you’ll soon be a lot colder than you are now. He can’t do anything to you here.
Emboldened by the presence of Addie, Budda said, “You’re a poet and didn’t know it.”
This did not sit well with Maxie. “Oh man, the things I’m going to do to you, you little shit.” He started to come toward Budda, but then he decided it was better to keep the gun on the passenger seat within reach.
Now seeing Maxie for the first time in daylight, his resemblance to Addie was clear. Though much bigger than his sister, he had the same yellow eyes that now blazed with unchecked fury. 
“By all means then, let me hop right in the truck,” Budda said, folding his arms behind his back to indicate that was the last thing he was going to do. Sarcasm was new to him, and it didn’t feel half bad to employ it, even on a guy who was hellbent on bringing his existence to an early end.
Maxie pretended to reach inside the truck cab. “Okay, Smartass. Stand right where you are while I make a 44-calibre orifice between your eyes,” Maxie said.
He’s bluffing. Maxie’s stupid, but he’s not a complete idiot. He doesn’t like an audience when he does his work. I can testify to that.
I came to save you, Budda said. I’m sorry I was too late.
That’s okay. I guess I had it coming.
“You should have kept your scrawny ass in Missouri,” Maxie said. “Did you ever wonder why Addie didn’t invite you here? She said you had to be the dumbest thing she’d ever seen. And ugly, too. She was excited to be rid of you.”
He’s lying. I never told him about you. He wasn’t good enough to hear about that part of my life. I loved it there with you and your dad, and even Lando wasn’t all that bad. It was safe there. You were the best part of all of it, because you were what a good brother should be. 
Saturday mornings in Valkyrie weren’t much different than they were in Kirkwood. The nearby intersection had busied with vans and SUVs destined for peewee football or rec league soccer. The Walgreens would soon open, too. A couple of cars were parked near the entrance, their drivers waiting to fill prescriptions as soon as the front door was unlocked. There were now too many people in the area for Maxie to deliver on his threat.
“Is this what Odyn wants?” Budda asked. “You’re going to dump me in the ditch with Cortez?”
Maxie quivered with barely-controlled hatred, making his chin whiskers twitch. “Who gives a flying shit what Odyn wants? My brother’s gotten way too damn soft for this business. When you ran off, he thought we could just let you walk back to town and that you’d never say anything. What a fool.”
“Go ahead and shoot me then,” Budda said. “I’m too tired to care anymore.” 
While Maxie evaluated the pros and cons of putting Budda out of his misery in the parking lot or waiting until later, Odyn pulled up next to the truck. He got out limping so much that Budda was sure he heard the large man’s knees creaking. 
“ Why’d you run off like that?” Odyn asked Budda, breathless from the ten-foot walk from his car. “I looked everywhere for you between there and here. You could wind up with pneumonia, you know.”
Budda realized Odyn hadn’t counted the cash in the lunch container yet or else he wouldn’t have been worried about Budda’s health. Budda was still alive only because Odyn didn’t yet know some of his receipts were missing.
Budda couldn’t think how to get away again before Odyn thought to check the lunch box. “All in all, I preferred living to being dumped in that ditch,” he said.
Odyn laughed. He looked as tired as Budda felt — crime was exhausting — but he hadn’t lost his good humor. “You weren’t going to get dumped in that ditch,” he said. “I told you that. We’re like family.” 
“Then why is Maxie threatening to kill me now? And where is Addie?”
“You need to quit worrying about Addie. And as for Maxie, he doesn’t always look at a situation with a cool head,” Odyn said.
That was obvious. Maxie stared down Budda like he wanted to gash his throat and rip out his tonsils. That was the least Odyn could let him do if he wouldn’t allow him to blow the kid’s head off. After what happened to Addie, though, his big brother was keeping a tight leash on him.
“I’m getting hungry from all this driving around and thought we’d all head back to Nannie’s for a bite,” Odyn said. “How does that sound?”
“I’m going to pass on it this time,” Budda said. He needed to be as far away from Odyn as possible when the big man found his money gone.
“Suit yourself then,” Odyn said. He tried to act like he didn’t care one way or the other, like he was just being friendly. But Budda could see the man’s feelings were hurt. Who knew he even had them? Odyn got back in his car without another word and drove away. 
Maxie was another matter. He looked like a Rottweiler that had a raw chicken dangled in front of him, only to have it yanked away at the last second. He wanted so bad to drop the little pecker right there in the parking lot, witnesses or not. But he knew that wasn’t going to happen, at least not any time soon. To let off steam, he’d go out in the country later and shoot at cows.




14

After Maxie gunned his car out of the Walgreens parking lot, all the events that had occurred the past day settled on Budda’s shoulders. The loss of Addie hurt most. It weighed him down so much that he couldn’t move. He stood in the parking lot and began to cry, unashamed to let the tears and snot flow. 
Ellie pulled up beside him in Cortez’s car and rolled down her window. She surveyed the boy, who looked like he was going to a Halloween party costumed as a mud pit. 
“You familiar with the phrase ‘rode hard and put up wet’?” she asked. 
Ellie had little room to talk. He knew from her red, puffy cheeks that she has been crying. “Is the Walgreens the Starkwether family meeting spot?” he asked. “You just missed your cousins.”
“I saw,” Ellie said. “I parked across the street waiting to see what you’d do. It’s good you didn’t go with them.”
“And you wouldn’t have done anything to help.”
“What could I have done? I couldn’t even help Cortez.”
Budda wiped his face. “What is it you want now?”
“I said I’d take you back to Louisville, didn’t I? I’m keeping my promise.”
“And you just happened to know I’d end up here?”
“All in all, the number of places where you could’ve popped up in Valkyrie is pretty small.”
Budda had trouble figuring out this girl. What was her motive for helping him now?
Ellie looked Budda up and down, which prompted him to do a self-assessment. He was splashed with rust-colored mud and covered in musk thistles and devil’s trumpet like a hermit who had just returned to civilization after years of living in the timber.
“This weekend adventure didn’t turn out like you planned,” Ellie said, as if the notion of it might not have occurred to Budda.
“Why does everyone keep calling it an adventure?” Budda asked. “I came to get my sister is all.”
“You hungry?” Ellie asked.
“I just want to go home.” Budda knew he sounded whiny, but it was the truest thing he had said all weekend. The trip had been a waste. Blood Mama was wrong. He wasn’t supposed to come to Kentucky to save Addie, because she couldn’t be saved. Now, he had to go back to Missouri to receive his father’s wrath. And that would be nothing compared to what Lando would have planned for him for stealing his money and destroying his cigarettes and rubber.
“I said I’d take you to Louisville, and I will,” Ellie said. “I just thought you’d like get an Egg McMuffin first. My treat.”
“How do I know you’ll really take me to Louisville and not back to Maxie or Odyn?”
“We’re blood relations, but that doesn’t make us best buds,” Ellie said. “I plan on getting out of town for a bit myself. I got some things to think through.”
After going through the McDonald’s drive-through, Ellie and Budda headed north on I-65 to Louisville. Budda had now tasted his first McMuffin. The first word that came to mind was heaven.
The rain clouds had moved west. The sun now warmed the car’s interior and made it cozy. Budda was more exhausted than he had ever been in his life, but he was still wired from his encounter with Maxie. He hadn’t quite given in to trusting Ellie either. He needed to stay awake in case it was all a big trick to get away from town and back to Maxie. If so, he was prepared to jump from the moving car. Even if such a move killed him, he would rather die in a ditch along the interstate than the one where he’d left Cortez.
 “I got a little money I can spare some for your bus ticket,” Ellie said. “You can send me re-payment when you get back to St. Louis.”
“I thought you didn’t have any money,” Budda said, finally catching Ellie in a lie. “You told Cortez so last night.” 
Ellie blew it off. “I never said I didn’t have any money. I didn’t I have any for Cortez and his problem. There’s a sizeable difference between the two.” 
“He was your boyfriend. Why wouldn’t you help him out?”
They rode in silence a bit before Ellie answered. 
“I wished things had turned out different, but there was nothing I could have done about it. Odyn had made up his mind. Everyone could see that but Cortez. He should have left Valkyrie when he had a chance, like I tried to get him to do. He didn’t deserve what he got, and it hurts me fierce what happened, but he shouldn’t have been so stupid either.”
“And Addie was that stupid, too?” 
Ellie signaled to pass a red minivan with Michigan plates that was tailgating a semi rig hauling hogs.
“I don’t know what happened to Addie,” she said. “I really don’t. She’s smarter than Cortez. Maybe she’ll turn up back in Missouri. Maybe you passed each other when you were on your way here. She slept on the futon at our place the night she and Cortez got back from Florida. When I went to work the next day, she was still there. But she didn’t come back the next night, and all her stuff was gone. I didn’t think much about it. I assumed she’d found herself some guy with better digs. At the time, I didn’t know about the Oxy.”
Ellie stayed in the left lane and easily passed a string of vehicles which were going well over 70 mph. 
“Odyn didn’t say what he did with her?” Budda asked. 
“Think about it. Why would he tell me if he did? Besides, she was his sister.” 
“If being blood related guaranteed safety around here, you wouldn’t be getting out of town now, would you?”
“I’m getting out of town because I want to get out of town. You think I want to sweat every night in a restaurant kitchen? You think I like living someplace where everyone looks at you strange because of your last name? They automatically assume all Starkwethers are up to no good.” 
Remembering the wad of money he had stolen from Odyn, Budda dug it out of his pants pocket and set it in the seat between Ellie and him. The bills were damp from the rain. “When you get out of town, can you send this back to Odyn for me?” he asked. 
Ellie looked at the limp, folded bills for a long moment, letting the car wander halfway onto the shoulder before adjusting. “Is that what I think it is?”
“I don’t know. Do you think it’s drug money I took from Odyn’s car? Money that might still get me killed? If you do, then, yes, it’s what you think it is.”
“Are you a complete fool?” Ellie asked with rising panic in her voice.
“More than likely,” Budda said. “I don’t know why I took it. Maybe to pay for bus fare. I didn’t think it through because I had bigger things on my mind, like trying to get some sleep, stay warm, find my sister, and, oh yeah, stay alive. I was certain they were going to dump me with Cortez.”
“They sure would have if they’d caught you with it,” Ellie said. “I’m not going to take it back to Odyn, because I want no part of it.” Ellie said, stealing looks at the cash like it was radioactive. “Do whatever you want to with it, but don’t leave it in here. Throw it out the window for all I care.”
Budda stuffed the money back in his pocket. “I should tell the police about all of this,” he said. “Except I’ll be in trouble, too. I think I’ve pretty well screwed up my whole life in the past  twenty-four hours.”
“Don’t do anything like call the cops,” Ellie said. “Like I said, I’ve got some thinking to do. They shouldn’t have done what they did to Cortez. Maybe I’ll be the one to share a few things with the police. They don’t expect that because it’s always Starkwethers against the world, but I’m getting tired of it. If I go to the cops, I’ll try to keep you out of it. Odyn and the bunch won’t bring up your name, I doubt. You’d be an eyewitness against them.”
Budda felt some relief that he had never told anyone in Valkyrie his last name. Thank you, Blood Mama. And if Odyn could remember his first name, it would be amazing.




15

Budda had Ellie drop him at the Greyhound station. She was so deep in her own thoughts she didn’t wish him a safe trip. She had forgotten to lend him money, too. That was fine with Budda. He didn’t want to owe anything to anyone in Kentucky.
The sight of the bus station brought back thoughts of Baresha. Budda wished he could see her again, but it was only Saturday. He remembered that she wouldn’t make the bus trip back to Indianapolis until Sunday evening. And that was only if things didn’t work out with Stuart.
The terminal didn’t open until 12:30. Budda had no watch or phone, so he wasn’t sure of the exact time. But he knew he had some time to kill. A man sat outside the entrance with all his belongings in a clear plastic bag. Budda peered inside the glass door of the station to see if anyone was in there. If he could catch their attention, they might let him wait inside where it was warmer. Even with clear skies, the day was too brisk for Budda to be comfortable in only a shirt, which was still damp.
“Meeting?” the man asked. 
“Excuse me?” Budda said. A strong stench of dried sweat and foul breath emanated from the man. Rather than being disgusted, Budda felt connected to the guy. He knew he smelled likewise.
“Since you’re not carrying anything, I figure you’re meeting someone here, instead of departing like I am,” the man said. “Can’t wait to get out of here and start over.”
“That’s right,” Budda said. “I’m meeting.” He strolled down the sidewalk so he wouldn’t have to talk to the man and hear his tale of woe. It would be tough to top Budda’s woes. Then an idea came to him, and he returned to the man.
Budda handed him the folded stack of bills he stole from Odyn. “You probably need this more than I do,” he said. 
The man looked at the money and then at Budda. “I’ve already got the money for my ticket,” the man said. “And you don’t look like you’re so good off yourself.”
“I’m fine,” Budda said, still holding out the cash for the man to take. “Just take it, please.”
After hesitating for a moment, the man took the money and secured it in his buttoned shirt pocket. “This is turning out to be one fine day,” he said.

Once the station opened and he determined the return fare to St. Louis, Budda called his father, collect, on a payphone to wire the money. He braced himself for a barrage of screaming and yelling, but his dad sounded uncharacteristically calm, like he had expected Budda’s call. 
“What happened to your cell phone?” Dad asked.
“Lost it. Sorry.”
“Now I know why you never called me back. How is Addie?”
“How did you know that’s where I went?”
“I pay attention more than you think. I could see how much you missed her. I had a good idea where you’d gone, but you still worried me to death, especially when you didn’t answer your phone. Yesterday, I came home from work early because I couldn’t concentrate enough to get anything done. But I was I was just as worthless here because I didn’t know if you were safe.
“Sorry.” Budda wouldn’t tell his father anything about the weekend. If he did, it would confirm his worst fears. The man would never let Budda out of his sight again.
“I tried to call Addie I don’t know how many times,” Dad said. “Just like you, she never answered her phone.”
“You have her number?” Budda was surprised and jealous.
“Of course, I have her number,” Dad said. Budda had assumed he enjoyed a stronger connection with Addie than anyone. There was so much about her he had gotten wrong.
“I never found her,” Budda said. “I don’t think she even lives in Valkyrie after all.” 
“Well.”
“She never showed up back in Kirkwood, I guess.”
“No.”
“I met her brothers,” Budda said. “They’re quite a bunch.” 
“I can only imagine,” Dad said.
The man sounded different to Budda. Maybe he had always sounded that way, more patient, than Budda had realized. He appreciated that his father would hold off lecturing him until he got home. Or maybe he wouldn’t lecture him at all. It could happen, right? Perhaps his dad knew there was nothing he could say that Budda hadn’t already figured out for himself.
Budda told his father that the bus wouldn’t leave Louisville until eleven that night and get to St. Louis the next morning. 
“We could drive there and back by the time the bus leaves,” Dad said. “Just stay put and we’ll come to get you.”
“If you’re talking about bringing Lando, I’d rather you didn’t.”
“Well. He told me about the money you took, but don’t worry. I believe I’ve persuaded him to see the situation from a different angle.”
“I’d still rather not ride with him all the way back. It’s been a long day, and Lando would be more than I can take right now. I’m going to need at least a hundred hours of sleep first.”
“All right then. I’ll be headed your way shortly.”
“Dad?”
“Yes?”
“I lost my library book, too.” 
After a pause, Dad said, “There are worse things. I’ll just be happy to have you home safe.”
Budda entered the cafeteria adjoining the terminal and ordered a Coke and potato chips. Except for a few coins, the transaction took the rest of his money. He was proud of himself for making it last. 
Budda planted himself at a table and began his long wait. He wished he still had Oliver Twist. He might be able to make more sense of it the second run-through. He felt a little… not smarter, but wiser now. He also wished Blood Mama would come back to see him, but he knew she was gone. Oh well.
Baresha sat down at the table.
“And I thought I had a rough time,” she said, surveying the crusted mud on his clothes and shoes. 
Budda smiled so broadly that he knew he looked goofy, but he couldn’t help himself. “What happened with Stuart?” he asked. 
“Let’s just say Stuart was not my type. No need to go into specifics, but I walked out on him in the middle of the night. I went back to that McDonald’s and hung out for an eternity. I hoped you’d still be there, which was silly. That place gets old real quick, you know? I’ll be sticking to Wendy’s for awhile. How about you and your sister? Did you go looking for her in a swamp or something? Must have been quite an adventure.”
Again with the “adventure”, Budda thought, but it didn’t bother him when Baresha said it. She knew something about weekend adventures herself. “No need to go into specifics there either,” he said, “but it didn’t work out.”
Budda was facing the door, just like at the McDonald’s, and he was again the first to see Stuart enter. Still wearing the same red hoodie, he marched toward Baresha and looked like he was ready to choke her. 
“You stupid bitch,” Stuart said. “Nobody ever walks out on me.”
“I get the feeling you’ve been stalking me,” Baresha said, attempting an attitude of nonchalance that she almost pulled off. She took a sip of Budda’s Coke (that again?) and kept her gaze on him instead of looking at Stuart. Budda could see her fear. He knew something about that now. He couldn’t guess what Stuart had done to her, but it must have been bad. Baresha didn’t scare easily.
Stuart grabbed Baresha by the neck and pulled her out of the chair. “You’re coming with me,” he said. Baresha struggled to free herself, but Stuart was too strong. She didn’t scream or even raise her voice, as if doing so would be embarrassing or futile.
Several customers were in the cafeteria, including the man with the clear garbage bag who had waited out front. Some of the diners looked alarmed, but no one made a move to help. They were leaving town to get away from trouble, and they didn’t need to take on anyone else’s.
Budda realized that he was supposed to come to Kentucky to save a girl after all. Without thinking about what he would do, Budda jumped up and grabbed Stuart’s wrist on the same hand that held Baresha. It was the funniest thing Stuart had ever seen. This kid, though much taller than him, had all the strength of an oat straw. This would be fun, getting to pummel the scarecrow and then finish his business with Baresha. What a glorious Saturday it was shaping up to be.
The only thing that could make the moment better for Stuart is if he could think of something clever to say, just like tough guys did in the movies before they snapped some loser thug’s neck. Everyone in the cafeteria would repeat Stuart’s words when they told the story later. 
Stuart decided what he would say. “I suggest you…”
Whatever memorable verb was coming next got shoved back down his throat as Budda rammed the heel of his hand into Stuart’s front teeth. Stuart reflexively let go of Baresha’s neck and covered his mouth as he fell backwards. Even before he hit the floor, he had begun to wonder what it would cost to have two cuspids replaced. He would have to call home for money.
No sooner was Stuart lying on the floor than Baresha began to kick him. She was good at it, too. She had quit playing youth recreation soccer because she had found it boring, and not because she had little leg strength. Even Stuart was impressed as he curled into a fetal position and began to wail. 
“That’s enough,” Budda said, bear-hugging Baresha from behind and pulling her back. 
A dazed Stuart, once he realized the kicking barrage was over, crawled toward the exit before Baresha could come back for more. After a few feet, he got to his feet and stumbled out. Humiliated, he didn’t look back.
Baresha was crying now, and Budda was ready to. “We should probably stay in here awhile in case he’s waiting for us out there,” Budda said. They sat back down at the table. The other customers went back to their own worlds. 
“I thought you were going to kick his head in,” Budda said. “I could hear the hollow sound it was making.”
Baresha wiped her eyes and laughed. Budda smiled. It was the first intentionally-funny thing he had ever said. He was troubled, though. He remembered what Odyn had said. When you get in some situation where you got to pop a guy to protect what’s important to you, you’ll pop him. He didn’t want to be that guy. He should have first tried to reason with Stuart, but he didn’t give him a chance. The events of the past two days had been more than Budda could take. Every ounce of submissiveness had been wrung from him. He had never felt better than the moment Stuart’s teeth gave way against his hand.
Baresha reached across the table and put her hand on top of that hand now. “Thank you,” she said. Budda didn’t want to move. Baresha’s soft and warm hand on his was the best thing he had ever felt. 
“We’re a fine pair,” she said. “Two rejects who can’t find anyone to love us. And now I have to search for someplace to live. Mom found out about Stuart on our computer, and now she says she’s had enough. She can’t take me running off anymore. Gonna kick me out of the house so I can stay run off. The truth is, I’m cured of it, for awhile anyway.”
“You ought to come to St. Louis and live with us,” Budda said. “My dad’s had foster daughters before. It would be nice to have a sister around again.”
“So that’s how you’d see me?” Baresha asked, looking put out. “As your sister?”
Budda had stepped in it without knowing it. Relationships with the opposite sex were fraught with perils. 
“That’s not what I meant,” he said. “I only mean it would be a safe place for you to be. I’d make sure my brother left you alone, too. I’ve discovered lately it doesn’t hurt to push back once in awhile. So please, don’t take what I said the wrong way.”
“I was just playing with you,” Baresha said. “Your invitation is very sweet. It’s real tempting, too. But Mom won’t really kick me out. She’s genuinely mad and she’ll unleash her fury on me as soon as I step off the bus. But it’s just me and her, and she couldn’t live without me.” 
“But we can stay in touch, right? I could even come to see you.” 
“I won’t be let near a computer for months. And you know we could talk like we’d stay in touch, but we won’t. You’ll forget all about me in no time.”
“So you’re saying you’d forget about me?”
“Trust me, Kevin, there’s nothing about this weekend I’ll ever forget. You’re the only good part of it. You don’t talk much, but I believe the more someone talks, the less they know. I wish I could be more like you.”
No one had said that to Budda before. The words seemed as strange as if Baresha were speaking Chinese. As if to prove Baresha’s point, he let her words go past him silently.
“We’ll come across each other again someday, I know it,” Baresha said. “And when we do, we’ll have some catching up to do.”
***
Budda never heard from Baresha again. He never heard Addie’s voice either. She never again spoke to him as Blood Mama had. The time in the Walgreens parking lot was the only instance of it. Some days he thought Addie was dead, and other days, he convinced himself she had moved someplace warm like Florida.
He occasionally checked the website of the Louisville newspaper to see if there was any news of the Starkwethers, whether arrested or dead. He found nothing. Maybe Ellie had decided against turning in her cousins. Or maybe such crime news was too common to be mentioned. He kept thinking he would see a report of a deer hunter finding human remains in the timber south of Valkyrie, but there was nothing.
About a year after his trip to Valkyrie, Budda found a name in the news that he did recognize. An online article reported that “Robert J., Mogley, Jr., 36, a landscaper from Valkyrie, was shot and killed Tuesday afternoon during an apparent dispute with an elderly St. Matthews woman.” Police said the argument started when Mogley tried to mow the woman’s lawn. The woman said it didn’t need mowing. Mogley had been doing her yard work for years, and the old woman was fed up with how often he mowed it. She told him to stop mowing. He wouldn’t. She shot him. Charges against the woman were pending.
Budda decided the landscaping business wasn’t so boring after all. 

###
About the author
Ron D Smith is also the author of The Savior of Turk and The Storm Before the Calm: The Early Lives of Venus and Hiro. Ron would love to hear from you at smitrond(at)gmail.com or http://smithdeville.wordpress.com.
