Here
Eric Marier

Published by Treasure Map Books at Smashwords

Copyright 2012 Eric Marier

Other titles available by Eric Marier at Smashwords.com:
Across The Sea

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Table of Contents

Thursday, December 5
Friday, December 6
Saturday, December 7
Sunday, December 8
Monday, December 9
Tuesday, December 10
Wednesday, December 11
Thursday, December 12
Friday, December 13
Saturday, December 14
Sunday, December 15
Monday, December 16
Tuesday, December 17
Wednesday, December 18
Thursday, December 19
Friday, December 20
Saturday, December 21
Monday, December 23
Tuesday, December 24
Wednesday, December 25
Friday, December 27
Tuesday, December 31
Wednesday, January 1
Thursday, January 2
Friday, January 3
Saturday, January 4
Sunday, January 5
Monday, January 6
Tuesday, January 7
Wednesday, January 8
Thursday, January 9
Friday, January 10

About the author
Other titles by Eric Marier at Smashwords.com
Connect with Eric online



Thursday, December 5

Deep into his work, Sam’s iPhone vibrated beside his hand. He picked it up, glancing at the text message. It was from Patience, his treasured, some would say “high maintenance” girlfriend of only three months. Sam adored Patience Streeter.
“Meet 2day 1215 shrug haf 2 talk.”
Translation: “Let’s meet at a quarter past noon at Shrug’s Café. We have to talk.”
That was the direct translation, but it’s not what it meant. And Sam knew it. He’d received variations of this text before, and the message it was actually communicating was: “I don’t want to be with you as much as you want to be with me.”
In the dark, silent office, Sam Henderson, twenty-four years old, put his head down on his arms. He was tired.
* * *
Inside Penn Station in midtown Manhattan, Michelle reached across a table at Brave’s Coffee Shop and kissed Paulo Rodrigo, a young man so handsome she couldn’t believe her luck when she first met him two weeks ago. She couldn’t get enough of his smell, his dark hair and his shallow, rosy cheeks. This must be love, she thought. I don’t care if he’s two years younger than me. What’s two years? I was barely a conscious being when he was born. I probably wasn’t even toilet trained.
“I won’t be long,” she told him. Why did I have to meet a perfect one now?
“You better not be,” Paulo replied.
“I’m just staying for the Holidays. And then I’m out of there. Just have to make sure my mom’s okay.” Michelle couldn’t help herself: she stood and put her arms around him. Paulo got up and kissed her on the lips.
“You won’t meet anyone else while I’m away, will you?” she asked.
“I’ll be too busy with the store. This time of year pays for the other eleven months. And then there’s my family. Christmas is a huge deal for them. They’re obsessed.”
Michelle looked at her watch. “My train’s about to leave.”
They kissed again. Michelle just wanted to feel his body mashed up against hers.
“I didn’t realize how hard this would be,” she admitted.
“The Holidays go by in a flash.”
“Call me.” Michelle placed the strap of a small black bag over her shoulder as she took a few steps backward.
Paulo gripped her arm. “Come back, okay?”
Michelle smiled in spite of herself. “Of course.”
“I just have this feeling… this feeling that you’re not coming back.”
Michelle kissed him hard. “Let me get this over with, and then I’ll be right back. I’ll meet you here. Right here in front of this coffee shop.”
* * *
Sam strolled into Shrug’s Café at ten past noon. Shrug’s was the only place in downtown Ferring where you could get a decent cup of coffee. The small town of Ferring, New York was not known for its international palette, and its coffee menu was no different. Everything inside the café was dark wood, including the hardwood floor and Ferring’s sole coffee bar. Sam saw Patience sitting at one of the small, round tables. His slight build moved straight for her. Patience was dressed to the hilt, and beautiful, like she had just slipped off the pages of Vogue. What the hell was I doing, thinking she’d stick around?
In the small town of Ferring, New York, Patience Streeter was a member of a somewhat underrepresented group. Most of the younger population went away to school and then when they began working, they moved elsewhere, for bigger bucks. Almost everyone who left Ferring never returned. They just visited on holidays, to appease their parents. But Patience Streeter’s parents were wealthy, and when a marketing position opened up in their brewery, it was offered to their newly college-graduated daughter.
“Aren’t you going to get a coffee?” Patience asked.
“I will in a minute. What’s up?”
“Sit down.”
Sam sat. Patience looked him in the eye.
“It’s been a great three months.”
Sam nodded, nervous. “It has.”
Patience smiled, like she felt sorry for him. “You know as well as I do, this isn’t going anywhere.”
“Really?”
“Really.”
“Why?”
“I just... I’ve never been in a relationship like this.”
“Like what?”
“You’re always working.”
“You’re the one who keeps cancelling our dates because of appointments, and engagements.”
“You’re striving. I don’t know how to put this.”
“Just put it. Spell it out.” Sam felt desperate. His breath became short. “I need to know why you’re ending something that means a lot to me.”
Patience gave him that smile again. “You’re struggling. You’re always struggling. I’m not like that. We’re at different points in our lives.”
Sam gave a brief nod. “All right.” He wanted to hurt her feelings somehow; this is what he came up with on a second’s notice. “Bye.” He got up.
“Don’t…” Patience said with more than a little condescension.  “Don’t end it this way.”
“I’m not ending anything.” Sam replied. “You are.”
He walked out. He wasn’t surprised. He had always felt Patience wasn’t that interested. But he was. In his mind, he replayed her reasons for breaking up. ‘You’re struggling’. Is that why girls always leave? Is that why I have such a hard time getting anyone interested?
* * *
Sam stepped back inside his rented, two room, office space. Ricky, white blonde hair, looked up from the oversized Ikea table they were using as a desk in the larger room. He was wearing a long-sleeved T-shirt and jeans. Ricky Porter was Sam's only employee and lifelong friend. He had just received Sam’s text regarding the breakup.
“Did you see that new girl Denise hired for our floor?” Ricky asked.
“No. Why?”
“Hottie! She’s wearing some spandex yoga pant thing.”
“Sweat pants? Doesn’t anyone get dressed for work anymore?”
“I think she’s wearing Lululemon. That stuff’s expensive, man.” Ricky stood. “Didn’t you see her sitting in the lobby when you came in?”
“I saw some girl sitting behind reception. I really wasn’t paying attention.”
“Come see. You will not be disappointed.”
Sam followed Ricky out the glass doors and into the tenth floor lobby where a large reception desk stood before the elevator bank. Answering the phone with a thin headset was a girl in her early twenties. She had short, blonde hair and what looked like a sprinkle of freckles on her nose. Ricky was right; she was a hottie.
“Is she part-time?” Sam asked.
“Talk to her,” Ricky said.
“No, you talk to her.”
“You need to move on from that harpy.”
“I liked that harpy. And she wasn’t a harpy by the way.”
Ricky shoved Sam toward the desk, but one of Sam’s All-Stars sneakers landed on the carpet sideways and he tripped, falling onto the girl's back, who in turn knocked her paper cup of coffee onto the desk, spilling it all over papers and her black yoga pants.
“Jesus!” the girl hollered, shooting up.
“Oh my God,” Sam said. “I’m so sorry… So sorry... I’m Sam, by the way.”
“I really don’t care who you are.” The girl was yanking tissue from a box to clean up the mess.
“Her name’s Cass, I think,” Ricky commented from the sidelines.
“Cass, that’s pretty,” Sam said. He pulled a crumpled tissue from his front pocket and attempted to help Cass as she wiped her desk.
“Just get,” Cass said. “You two are idiots.”
“I'm guessing asking you out for coffee is out of the question.”
Ricky slapped his forehead.
“Do you two know the number for security?” Cass asked.
“I can get them for you,” Sam offered.
Ricky re-slapped his forehead. “Sam, abort. Abort…”
Sam sauntered back toward Ricky. “It’s going to be really tough getting back on that horse again.”
“I think right now the horses are pissed off,” Ricky advised.
* * *
Inside the tiny Ferring train station, Michelle saw two girls from her years in high school. Damn, I'm not the only one home early for the Holidays.
She had read on Facebook that one of them was engaged now, and that both had careers in big cities. They looked amazing, wearing the latest, beautiful winter coats, laughing at something one of them said. Michelle hid behind a magazine rack. They walked on, still laughing, and never saw her. Michelle breathed easier. Her heartbeat slowed. She was relieved she wouldn't have to explain what she had been doing with her life for the past six years.
Joey, her younger brother, waited for her in arrivals. He had black hair and green eyes, just like his sister. Joey was twenty-two, two years younger than Michelle, but was already married and enrolled at Albany Law School. He had made a great life for himself – all without ever having left Ferring.
“How long is she staying in the hospital?” Michelle put her arms around him.
“Maybe one more night. They think she collapsed because of her chemo. But you know her; she wants to go home as soon as possible.”
They let go, facing one another.
“I want to talk to a doctor,” Michelle said. “I want to know everything.”
“We’ll have to set up an appointment… but I can take you to her right now.”
* * *
Michelle entered the hospital room. Her mother still had black hair just like Michelle’s, except hers was much shorter, and in patches, no longer able to cover much of anything. She was asleep in bed, hooked up to wires.
The sight caught Michelle unaware, unnerving her.
* * *
Sam entered his apartment with his iPhone up to his ear. What a terrible day.
His place was a bachelor, with a twin bed and a small kitchenette.
“Hi mom,” he said into the phone. “I’m just wondering if any mail arrived today… Oh, I just gave your address because I’ve been moving around so much. I’m looking for a check. No, I didn’t put all my money into a shipment.”
He had.
“Listen, it’ll pay off, okay. Stop worrying.” What he really wanted to say was: “Stop harassing me.” He never believed his mother worried about him; so much as she was always looking for a reason to criticize him. “All right, can you call me if anything comes in?”
There was a knock at the door.
“Shit,” Sam said under his breath. He went to answer it. “Hi,” he greeted the middle-aged man now facing him.
“You’re late,” the man said. “Six days.”
“I’ll have it by the end of tomorrow.”
“I want you out of here tonight, or I’m going to take legal action, as in all your crap out the door.”
“I’ve never been late before.”
“I don’t care.”
“You can’t just kick me out. It’s only been six days since the start of the month.”
“I don’t mess with you kids, and we have no lease. You’re gone.” The landlord turned, disappearing into another hallway.
Sam shut the door, knocking his head against it on purpose. This is just one terrible day.



Friday, December 6

At his notebook computer in his office, Sam’s iPhone vibrated. He snatched it.
“Hello.”
“Can you come and see Mistral?” At the other end was Mort Schofield, one of Mistral’s lawyers. “He’s not doing well.”
Two weeks after his high school graduation, Sam began working at a drycleaner. It was there that he met the seventy-year-old owner, who walked in one day to talk to the manager. Mistral Beaugrand only kept his dry cleaning chain out of nostalgia. It had belonged to the Beaugrand family for decades. Mistral stood by the entrance of the store, as if he were just another customer, and watched with admiration at how fast Sam was serving everyone. And how well. On the spot, Mistral offered Sam the assistant manager position in another, smaller dry cleaning store just outside Ferring. Within a year, Sam dropped out of the local community college he was enrolled in and became manager.
After another year passed, and seeing his friends coming home from school for the Holidays or summer with all these new experiences and big dreams, Sam felt empty, and disappointed. His friends seemed to be soaring through life. Sam, however, just didn’t feel school was his thing, but he had to make a change. He quit his job to launch his own business. He focused on what he was obsessed with: portable, electronic gadgets. He set up an online store selling aftermarket cell phone accessories. Upon hearing the news, Mistral Beaugrand was taken aback but soon reached out to invest in Sam’s business.
* * *
Sam slid into the hospital room. Mistral, broad shouldered, with a full head of dull, red hair, lay in bed with wires protruding from his body. When healthy, Mistral had never looked his age which Sam guessed was close to seventy if not more. Mistral’s lawyer Mort, late sixties, bald, stood at his side.
“The house needs you.”
“What?” Sam wasn’t sure if he had heard Mistral muttering something just then. He moved closer to the bed. “Did you say something?”
“I’m about to go into surgery.” Mistral’s voice sounded like a frog’s croak. “I’ve talked to the lawyers.”
“What are you talking about?”
“They have papers for you to sign.”
“Mistral, I don't understand what you mean.”
“I understand my chances here, Sam. Coma, death; I know. What I don't know is how long I'll be away, or if I'll get to come back. And the house means everything to me.”
“Mistral would like you to housesit,” Mort interjected. “He doesn't trust too many individuals as he does you.”
“I've never even been to his house.”
“Do this,” Mistral said. “For me. You're the only one...”
Sam was confused. “Mistral, you know I will. I'll do anything for you.”
Mistral grappled Sam's hand, surprising Sam. Mistral held his stare in his own. “I know you think we're exactly alike. We're not. Not by a long shot. You'll do what I was never able to.”
“Mistral, you're acting as if this is goodbye. You're the toughest guy I know.”
A female doctor was now in the room. “I'm going to ask all of you to leave. We have to prep for surgery.”
Mistral released Sam's hand. He looked up at the two nurses who modified his bed so it could be moved. Sam stepped back, refusing to say goodbye.
* * *
Michelle paced the hospital corridor. She wiped tears from her cheeks.
“Michelle?”
She looked up. Staring at her was a young man. She knew him from somewhere. Oh shit.
“Hey?” the boy said. It was Sam Henderson. From high school. “Are you okay?”
“Yes. Just tired. I was yawning.”
“Sorry. Were you visiting someone? I’m sorry.”
“No. I mean yes. Just my mom. She’s fine.”
Sam nodded, unsure. “Okay… It’s great to see you. How are you? I haven’t seen you in years. Since like high school graduation. You look amazing.”
“So do you.”
“Where are you now?”
“New York.”
“City? Wow.”
“Yeah. Listen, I have to go.”
“No problem, no problem. Are you in town for the Holidays?”
“No. I’m leaving soon.” Michelle nodded, hard-selling her lie.
“Okay. Hey, are you on Facebook?”
“Yeah.”
“I’ll look you up. Bye, Michelle.”
“Bye, Sam.”
Whoa, Michelle thought. I was able to keep that short and sweet. From here on out, I can just send everyone to Facebook and keep walking.
* * *
Sam sat on his twin bed, lost in thought. He had just spoken with Mort, Mistral's lawyer. Mistral had gone into a coma after his surgery. The outlook was grim.
Is this the end of an era for me? Is it selfish of me to think that?
Mistral had guided him through his first business meetings, introduced him to people of whom Mistral advised, “You have to get to know.” Mistral had the childlike excitement for business and creativity that Sam had. Sam had always thought he, himself, was the only person in the world who didn't treat business and entrepreneurship as something serious and taxing. Sam felt business was a blast. He soon discovered that his biggest fan felt exactly the same way. Mistral wasn't just a mentor; he was closer to a soul mate.
But apart from business tips and business anecdotes, Sam knew not one thing about Mistral Beaugrand.
What the hell was Mistral talking about? I can't be the only person he trusts to look after his house. He has employees. He has adult kids.
His iPhone vibrated in his pocket. Sam pulled it out. The display read: “Ricky” superimposed over a picture of the two of them, drunk, falling over a table in a bar with their arms around each other, smiling for the camera.
From the other end, Sam could hear music blaring and people chattering in the background. “What’s up?”
“Pete Smith just got in today and he’s already having people over. The place is booming. He’s got Gords DJ-ing.”
“I’ll be right there.”
* * *
Pete Smith’s parents lived in Washmore, the wealthiest, most posh neighborhood in Ferring. In high school, Pete, like a handful of other rich kids from Washmore, had gone away to Andover for boarding school. Pete was now attending the renowned London School of Economics.
Sam arrived in a cab with a six-pack of bottled beer. He wasn’t planning on a crazy night. He navigated through the crowds of the mansion’s open first floor as Blue Sky Black Death blasted on the house’s sound system. He set his beer down on a table and cracked one open.
“She’s here,” a voice said to his left.
Sam turned. Ricky was drinking draught beer from a red plastic cup.
“Who?” In his heart, Sam was hoping Ricky would answer, “Patience.”
“The new girl at the office,” Ricky replied.
“No way,” Sam said with a smile. He didn’t really care.
“Yeah, someone we know must know her too.”
“Small world.”
“Come, man. She’s right here.”
Sam let Ricky push him onward. He knew this was his strange friend’s strange way of getting him out of the dumps. It was weird, Ricky trying to hook him up with a girl whom not one of them really knew and who, by all likelihood, Ricky seemed to want for himself, but Sam knew guys sometimes did the strangest things, and even though he was a guy himself, he couldn’t explain it.
“Hey dude.”
Sam had just bumped into Trevor Simms, some overly good-looking guy who had gone to Sam’s high school. “Hey,” Sam replied.
“What are you up to these days?” Sam had interrupted a conversation Trevor was having with more good looking people of his ilk, but Trevor was trying to be polite by acknowledging him.
“We’re on a mission,” Ricky interjected, pushing Sam forward.
As Sam was shoved off, he remembered. It was kind of random, but part of him knew it would mean something. Trevor dated her once. “Hey… Trev… I saw Michelle today,” he said.
Trevor looked after him, as confusion, soon mixed in with recognition, overtook his handsome, facial expression. Some blonde girl with a hoity look, standing beside Trevor, turned red.
“Michelle Lowery…” Sam continued, in an attempt for clarification, but that only appeared to send more distress to both faces staring back at him. Trevor attempted a grin, but the rest of him was now red as well. The name Michelle Lowery had unsettled his usual cool resolve.
“Here she is,” Ricky said.
Sam turned to see her, two circles of talking people away, in her own group, smiling, and holding a red plastic cup. She looked fantastic, dressed in a black top and black pants. “Damn,” Sam said to Ricky. “She is hot.” There was no denying it.
“Talk to her.”
“No way,” Sam said. Ricky had the ability to talk to anyone. It didn’t matter who. But not Sam. Especially at parties like this. They always made Sam feel like he was back in high school, not popular enough to just go up to someone and start talking, without everyone around the girl snickering at his foolish nerve and expectation. He had no illusions about his place among these popular, well-off kids. Pete Smith was only his friend because Pete Smith was a great guy who was friends with everyone. But Pete Smith was of a higher social order and Sam wasn’t foolhardy enough not to know that Pete Smith’s friends expected all of Pete’s indulgences to adhere to that.
“Get in there,” Ricky said, giving Sam one final push. Sam tripped on someone’s shoe, plummeting forward. His head hit something. Hard. It was someone’s shoulder. And it hurt. Please don’t let anyone see this, Sam thought. His beer smashed on the floor, with a loud shattering noise. A red, plastic, empty cup knocked against the floor as well. Sam bounced off someone who fell away, and he landed on his knees.
“Holy shit!” one girl exclaimed.
Sam blinked, and then the horror came into focus. The new girl Cass was on the floor, her clothing splotched with draught beer and the rest of her lying on broken shards of beer bottle.
“Oh my God,” Sam said. He got up to help her. Sam saw the look on her face. And the look on the faces of her girlfriends. “I’m so sorry.”
No one said anything as he reached down to join everyone lift Cass back up. When her eyes met his, she looked like she was about to cry.
“I’m so sorry,” he repeated.
“What’s happening here?” Pete Smith, in a torn T-shirt and ripped jeans, appeared through the crowd.
“Pete, let me clean this up. Do you have a broom?”
“He is so drunk,” some guy scoffed behind Sam. A few other boys laughed.
Pete went straight to Cass. “Cass, are you all right?”
Cass appeared shaken but managed a smile at Pete. “I’m fine. I’m fine.”
“I’m so sorry,” Sam said yet again.
“It’s fine,” Cass said, but Sam could see that she was seething.
Two of Pete’s guy friends were already on the scene with a broom, dustbin and a small, plastic, garbage can.
Everyone was staring at Sam. He felt his face overheating as he turned away, toward Ricky. “Why the fuck did you do that?” he said under his breath.
“I’m sorry, man.” Ricky did look sorry.
Sam felt all eyes in the room still on him. He stepped away toward the backyard where the party had spilled through the open patio door. Ricky followed him.
“You just keep fucking pushing me everywhere.”
“I’m sorry, man. I was just trying to help you out.”
Once outside in the cold, Sam turned to Ricky. “Why? You’re the one who likes her. You embarrassed me in there.”
Ricky took a step backward. Sam had never been angry with him. “Dude, I’m sorry.”
“Leave me alone, okay. Tonight, just leave me the fuck alone.”
Some bigger guys, smoking, were staring at them, and laughing. “Lover’s quarrel,” one of them said.
This week is getting worse and worse.
“All right,” Ricky said. He reentered the house.
Sam looked around. He saw some skinny guy in jeans and a thin blazer standing at a patio table, pouring Jack Daniels into a red plastic cup. Sam pinched a plastic cup from the table, poured some Jack into it and had a sip. The burn down his throat comforted him.
He stood there in the cool winter air. It was nice to be outside. He noticed that there was still no snow on the ground. He poured himself another generous cup. A bit more relief washed over him. He saw Pete Smith talking in a group of people a few feet away.
“Hey, is Patience coming tonight?” he asked him.
“I called her,” Pete said. “But she had something to do with her family.”
“Oh.” Sam wasn’t sure how long he stood there, in the cold, drinking, and saying nothing, but when he went to ask Pete something else – probably something about Patience – Pete was gone.
He looked through the window and saw Cass inside. He stared at her. Ricky’s right. She is my type. Cute, sophisticated, knows how to dress. Ricky knew him only too well.
Cass’ eyes fell on him. He smiled. Cass smiled back. He looked away.
What? Did she just do that? Sam looked back. Cass was gone. Oh God. I was staring at her through a window. How creepy is that?
Sam smiled and snorted to himself, thinking he was being funny, as he moved back to the table to pour himself another drink. He was enjoying this night that he was having with himself. Jesus, that’s sad. He grinned again.
Sam was walking inside the house. Where’s Ricky? That bastard. Where’s my coat? I need the bathroom.
Sam found himself stumbling out of the bathroom. Where’s my coat?
He saw a pile of coats and jackets by the door on an upholstered bench.
“Hey dude.” Sam turned. Trevor Simms was gripping his shoulder. “Dude,” Trevor repeated. “I need to talk to you.” Trevor was pulled away by a crowd filing out of the house.
I need to sit for a sec. Sam's head felt heavy. He lay his head down on the pile of coats.
“Dude?” Someone was shaking his shoulder. Sam lifted his head. The pile of coats was gone. How much time just passed? Oh God, people must have had to move my head just to get to their jacket. Jesus.
“Dude.” It was Trevor Simms, crouched down to meet his eyelevel.
“What time is it?” Sam asked.
“I don’t know. Five in the morning. I just got back from this afterhours place.”
“Oh Christ.” Sam’s head ached. And his stomach swirled. He thought he might throw up. He made himself sit up.
“Where’d you see Michelle?” Trevor asked.
“Michelle?”
“Yeah, Michelle… Michelle Lowery.”
“The hospital. St. Joe’s.”
“What was she doing there?”
“I don’t know. Her mom maybe.”
“Is her mom okay?”
“Yeah, yeah. She said she was fine.”
“When was this? When did you see her?”
“Today. Yesterday.”
“Do you know how long she’s staying?”
“No. I think she said a few days. You don’t stay in touch?”
“No.” Trevor stood. “I'll see you around.”
“Yeah, see you.”
Trevor was out the door. Sam got up. The room moved. Sam sat back down. This is going to be one long morning. How many people saw me passed out at the doorway last night? So embarrassing. And Ricky. What the fuck was he thinking, shoving me into the new girl?
The house was quiet. Sam moved toward the door. Outside, it was still dark. Sam made his way down to the street, calling a cab on his mobile.



Saturday, December 7

There was a glow in the early morning sky.
Sam sat up in the backseat of the cab as it pulled up in front of the house where he rented his bachelor apartment. On the front porch was his laptop case, two extra large Hefty garbage bags and a plastic grocery bag, all full and bulging.
His belongings.
Shit, my stuff must have been left out all night. I’m kicked out.
“Just hold on a minute,” he told the driver. A rain drop splashed to its death on the cab window. Sam's head throbbed. A glass of water was his sole desire. I could go to the office. No, they’re locked up on the weekends. I’d have to call someone to get in. I’m fuckin’ homeless. I could call mom. No. She’d just nag me and tell me I told you so. I could call Ricky. No, I’m furious at Ricky right now. I’m just so sick and tired of everyone.
He ran out. Rain fell.
It fucking hurts.
He gathered everything, scrambled back and threw it all into the backseat. “Just take me to Shrug’s Café.”
* * *
Sam stood before Shrug’s Café with his bags. Shrug’s wasn’t open yet. He looked down at his iPhone. The battery was dying. It was six in the morning. He dragged his bags over to the bus shelter and sat down on the bench inside. He shut his phone off to save what was left of the battery. His head was pounding. I need water. I need Advil.
It seemed like an eternity before someone appeared from inside Shrug's and unlocked the doors. Sam sprang from the shelter and hobbled inside with his bags. He bought himself a bottle of water, and sat at a table, with his bags surrounding him, gulping the water. He needed to get in touch with Mistral’s lawyer. Maybe he could get inside Mistral's house today... just for the weekend… until he could get everything back in order. He might have to get a room somewhere afterward but he didn’t have the money right now. All he had were the few bills inside his wallet. He turned on his phone and scrolled down yesterday’s incoming calls. He found Mort Schofield’s number and selected it to dial.
Maybe I can get the keys from Mort the lawyer.
No one answered. He got voicemail.
“Mort Schofield,” Mort’s voice said at the other end, “please leave a message.”
“Hi, it’s Sam Henderson,” Sam started. “If someone could call me back, that’d be great. My number is 518-555-3281. It’s about Mistral Beaugrand’s house.”
Sam hung up. Another awful day. He put his head down.
Someone shook his shoulder.
“You’ve been asleep for an hour, and you’re snoring.”
Sam looked up to see an apologetic looking guy in his twenties wearing the black Shrug’s Café apron.
“I’m sorry but we had to wake you,” the Shrug's guy continued. “You can’t sleep in here.”
“No problem, I was going to get a coffee anyway. I promise… I won’t fall asleep.”
Sam made his way around the garbage bags and ordered a coffee. He had never felt this cornered in his life. This defeated. He just wanted to disappear.
When he was younger, Sam had a friend named David who, at one point, had lived on his street. David died of cancer when Sam was eleven. For some reason, Sam thought of him then. He didn’t pray, or ponder a higher being, but when Sam had been younger, he had often thought of David as an angel floating around, looking out for him and his friends. It was a comforting thought. Sam hadn’t done this in ages, but he put his head back down on the table. He closed his eyes.
“Please,” he said under his breath. “Please, David…” Sam took a deep breath.
“Sir…” The Shrug's guy was back.
Sam shot his head back up. “I wasn’t sleeping. I wasn’t sleeping.”
The Shrug's guy put his hand up. “No problem.”
“I’m just drinking my coffee. It’s very good. Very good brew. Is that a light roast?”
“We don’t really carry a light roast.”
“Well, you could have fooled me. Very light today. Very light.” Sam took a sip. “Oh my God.” He spit it out. “This is so hot.”
“Just be careful, okay. It’s a hot beverage.”
Sam nodded. “Okay, thank you.”
The Shrug's guy turned back toward the counter.
“Please, David,” Sam prayed under his breath. “Help me.”
* * *
It was raining against the window in the hospital room as Michelle sat in a chair by her mother's pillow. She had yet to be discharged. As her mother turned to face her, Michelle saw the new paleness of her mother's always concerned-looking face.
“This is what it took to finally bring you home.”
“I guess.” That's all Michelle could think of to say. “Can I get you anything?”
Her mother gave her a hard look. Michelle wasn't sure what she was trying to say with that look but no words accompanied it to help. Maybe she just wanted Michelle to babble on to cover the silence. The pained silence. Or maybe she was trying to stare Michelle down. Or perhaps the silence was something lethal her mother wanted her to feel. Whatever its intention, it brought Michelle back to her knees, back to when she was six, when all she wanted to do was make her mother smile. With approval. Michelle had been six years old with her mother ever since she was six years old.
“Mom, can I get you some water?”
“I have nurses for that. I'm fine. I finally have you to myself. We can finally have a visit. How's your masters program coming along?”
“I haven't applied for it yet. There's a good program at Columbia.”
“Why haven't you applied? We worked hard to put you through school. What's the hold-up?”
“Mom, I helped pay for school too. A lot of it.”
“You worked hard, I know. So why are you throwing it all away now?”
“I'm not. I'm just taking a break. I'm tired.”
“You're tired? From what? Chasing boys?”
Michelle's cheeks turned crimson. “What?”
“Are you working right now?”
“Yes. I had a job in New York assisting in a law firm's library. I quit two weeks ago.”
“What for?”
“Chelsea gave me a job. Here. In Ferring.”
“Oh. Doing what?”
“Editing. For her dad's travel agencies.”
“Does it pay well?”
“Not really. But I get to stay here for a few weeks. Help Joey out.”
“With what? Me?”
“He's all alone here, and–”
“You apply to school. That's all I want. I can take care of myself. I don't need you or Joey. Jesus Christ...”
“Fine.”
Michelle stood. In no time, she was in the corridor, seeking refuge. Am I allowed to turn on my phone in here? Who cares.
She dialed Paulo's number. She needed to talk to him. He'd make her forget everything. She got his voicemail. “Call me. When you get the chance.” She then texted him the same message.
* * *
“Sir?”
Sam lifted his head from the coffee table. He had a string of saliva dangling from his mouth down to the table. Shit, I fell asleep again.
“Your phone,” the Shrug's guy said. “It was vibrating and then it fell on the floor and vibrated all over the floor.”
“Oh?”
“Here.” The Shrug's guy handed him his iPhone.
Sam slid the lock button. Mort had called twice. Good. Sam listened to his only message.
“Hi Sam,” Mort began. “The staff at La Porte Grise has been informed that you will be arriving sometime today so any time you’re ready, just show up. The address is Twenty Way Crescent. I’m at the office today. Call me and we’ll hand you some keys. My number here is…”
Sam clutched all his bags. “Thank you,” he said to the staff as he nodded a few times. He turned to the Shrug's guy. “Especially you. Thank you.”
* * *
Heavy rain poured as the cab entered Washmore. The houses were a mile apart, or so it seemed. With wide lots. Washmore had long been the most exclusive suburb in Ferring. The cab climbed a winding road up a hill. Sam looked up. The cab pulled into a circular driveway where a forest of tall trees began.
“Where are we?” Sam asked the driver.
“Twenty Way Crescent.”
“It’s just a forest. Where do you see twenty?”
“My GPS says this is it. There’s a door there. Yeah, see... it says twenty in small numbers on that tree trunk.”
Sam looked out his back window at the rain. “A door? Where?”
Sam caught sight of an indiscriminate, gray, wooden door between two tall trees. The trees camouflaged a gray, wooden fence, barely visible from where Sam sat. La Porte Grise, Sam thought. The Gray Door.
“All right.” He reached into his jeans pocket to pay the cab driver with his credit card. He was starving.
He stepped out into the downfall, gripping his computer notebook bag, the plastic grocery bag and the two large garbage bags. He dropped them in the water and mud as he reached into his pocket to fish the ring of keys Mort had just given him. The cab sped off. He found the key that unlocked the gray, wooden door. He pushed the creaky door open.
In the downpour, up the path leading beyond the thick forest and onto the vast grounds was a vision. A spectacular vision. Far off, and looming over the massive property, was the gray and white stone, four story Gothic Revival castle built over one hundred years ago for the man who had first brought electricity to Ferring: Mistral’s own grandfather, Augustin Beaugrand.
Sam followed the path to the lawn, and onto another gray stone path that led toward the majestic front steps and an empty, circular drive for cars. Lugging his bags and soaked, Sam made it to the castle's front door. He got out the ring of keys again, and unlocked the door. As he pushed it open – from inside – a man with graying hair and dressed in a black suit rushed toward him. The shocked look on his face was unmistakable.
“And who may I ask are you?” the middle-aged man asked. He had a British accent.
“Mort didn't call you?” Sam shut the heavy door behind him, and dropped his bags onto the marble floor where they landed with a wet splat.
The man's eyes widened as he took a step back so as not to be sprayed. “Certainly, you are not the young man we are expecting.”
“Yeah, I'm Sam Henderson.”
The man looked Sam up and down. “You can’t be serious.”
Other uniformed staff appeared from a side hallway. Their uniforms were black with white collared shirts.
“Galen, please take Mister Henderson's... bags up to the room we've prepared for him.”
A tall, broad shouldered, olive-skinned man whom Sam assumed must be of Latin descent and in his thirties picked up all his bags with astonishing ease.
Sam followed this man up the main staircase and down a hallway. He was led to an open door.
Sam peeked in, and was enthralled. Along one wall was a fireplace… an actual fireplace. There were also oversized corner windows. It looked like a set for a magazine photo spread. 
“Does anything require laundering?” Galen asked.
“No,” Sam answered, “everything's clean. There's a smaller white bag inside one of those but I can take it to the laundromat.”
“That will not be necessary.” Galen proceeded to fold Sam's clothes straight into drawers, and hang some items into the closet, all with precision and speed.
Sam lay down, resting his head on a pillow. The bed felt like a cloud in heaven. He closed his eyes. He could hear rain drops rapid-firing the window outside. I’m safe.
He fell asleep.
* * *
Michelle was sitting cross-legged on her bed in the bedroom she had spent her entire childhood in. The posters from The Smiths, Franz Ferdinand and The Killers were long gone but all her books and DVDs remained on her shelves. She hated this room.
She was alone, her father having left this house in a divorce when she was eighteen. She picked up her mobile again and dialed Paulo’s number.
“Hello,” Paulo answered at the other end.
“Paulo, hi, it’s Michelle.”
“Hey. It’s so great to hear from you. Listen, I’m in a meeting. Can I call you back?”
“Sure, sure.” Fuck, Michelle thought. I’m already becoming a fucking hassle, interrupting meetings. “Call me whenever. No rush.”
“Thanks. Talk to you soon. So good to hear from you.”
“Bye.”
Michelle pushed the end button. She looked at her room with its beige carpeting from the nineteen-eighties. She had to get out of here. She couldn’t breathe.
* * *
When Sam opened his eyes, a dog was curled up against him. A medium-sized, brown dog. The dog lifted its head to look him in the eyes. It wore a black leather collar with silver letter “R”s studded at every inch all the way around. There was a sound. Clang… clang… clang… Slow, but heavy. Sam sat up. He gazed up at the ceiling.
Where’s that coming from? The room above?
He looked around.
The walls? That woke me up.
His gaze fell back on the dog who was still staring at him. There was some gray around its warm, eager eyes and its wet, black nose. “Hi,” Sam said. The dog placed a paw on Sam’s hand. “Mistral never told me he had a dog.” The sound stopped. “Is that plumbing or construction or something?” Sam turned to the digital clock on the night table. It read three-sixteen pm. “Jeeze, I guess it’s time for me to wake up.”
Clothing had been laid out for him on the armchair by the bed. A pair of his khaki pants, a just-ironed white shirt, a pair of khaki cotton socks and a pair of his Calvin Klein, white, fitted boxers.
Sam changed into the fresh clothing and made his way into the hallway, the dog following him like a shadow. He looked up at the high ceiling. It’s like a museum in here.
“Would you like the kitchen to prepare something for you?”
Sam jumped, turned and smiled as he discovered the middle-aged man in the black suit. The man with the British accent. “Jeeze, you scared me.”
The man remained stern. “Anything at all?”
“What should I call you?”
“I’m Andrew, the estate manager.”
“Like the butler?”
Andrew remained emotionless. “No. I care for the house, this property and to some extent you by managing the staff and what they will do for you here during your stay.”
“Okay.”
“Would you like anything from the kitchen?”
“Yeah… Yeah, I would.”
Galen entered the hallway, exiting a room with a pile of folded sheets in one arm. He shut the door behind him.
“Galen, please escort Sam to the west dining room.” Andrew took the sheets from Galen and turned back to Sam. “Galen will take care of you.”
Galen led Sam, with the dog at Sam's side, down a wide stairway, a hallway and into a dining room with a table long enough to seat over twenty people. Galen pulled a side, upholstered chair for Sam.
“What can we get you?”
Sam sat and Galen pushed the chair in for him. The dog lay by Sam’s feet.
“What’s his name?” Sam asked, looking down at the canine.
“Russ. He’s a mixed breed. Mister Beaugrand rescued him from the animal shelter over fifteen years ago. I can send him to another room if you’d like.”
“No, no. I like Russ. A lot.”
“So what can we get you?”
“Do you guys make grilled cheese sandwiches?”
“What kind of bread?”
Sam felt a great sense of relief. “Just regular old bread. The sliced kind in a bag.”
“Very well. Anything else. Something to drink?”
“Water. Lots of water.”
Galen was off.
Sam scanned the room. All the walls were bare. No pictures, portraits, nothing.
Galen returned within the minute with a tray carrying a large glass of water and the Saturday edition of The Ferring Journal newspaper. He placed both of these before Sam.
“Thank you,” Sam said, reaching for the newspaper. When his grilled cheese sandwich was served, it was on regular Wonderbread. Delicious, Sam thought.
Galen glided off to the side, waiting, so Sam tried very hard not to make any noise eating. He was so embarrassed to have Galen standing there, seeing and hearing him devour the sandwich whole. And the room was so large, and every sound produced such an echo. All Sam could hear was his loud munching and gulping being amplified back to him in the otherwise silent room. Without moving his head, he kept gazing sideways to see if Galen was staring at him, and if he was appalled. But Galen just stared off, straight ahead.
“Can I have another one?” Shit, my mouth was kind of full when I said that.
“Yes. Of course.”
As Galen strode off, Sam got on his iPhone and dialed.
“Ricky, it’s Sam. You gotta come over. I’m having the most amazing grilled cheese.”
After his two grilled cheese sandwiches, and reading a bit of the entertainment section of the paper (The paper, Sam thought, how quaint. Like on a Sunday with coffee. Everything Sam read was online and on a computer screen) Sam, along with Russ, walked throughout the mansion, exploring. He stepped right into a movie theater with at least fifty seats, a large silver screen with bright crimson velvet curtains and a red, theater-style popcorn machine trolley. Insane. He discovered the indoor pool which led into an outdoor pool through a swimming tunnel. Of course it does. He also stumbled upon a playroom with neon lettered signs above its activities which included a ping pong table, a pool table and a large television with several video game consoles. Does Willy Wonka live here?
“Your guest has arrived,” Galen said as he entered the playroom.
“Okay… cool…” Sam replied.
Galen said nothing.
“Where is he?”
“He’s waiting inside, at the entrance. Should I send him in?”
“Oh yeah… yeah. Sure, send him right in.”
Ricky was led into the playroom where Sam was playing Overstrike at full blast volume on the wall-mounted, fifty-two inch flat screen. He smiled over at Ricky. “Welcome to Fantasy Island, Tattoo.”
“Jesus Christ…”
“Come on down. You are the first contestant on the Price is Right… Everywhere I turn I find more awesomeness.”
“What’s with that forest? It took me a while to know that there was a house behind it. A fucking mansion. Is this all Mistral’s?”
“Yeah… Crazy, huh?”
“You bet it’s fucking crazy. What’s the dog’s name?”
“That’s Russ. He’s cool. He’s like my new best friend.”
“That’s so cool.”
There was awkwardness in the air.
“Dude, we’re having grilled cheese sandwiches,” Sam said, breaking the brief silence, “and then we’re watching a movie in this decked out theater.”
* * *
The boys sat at the table in the west dining room, seated across from one another. Russ was curled up at Sam’s feet.
“Good, good, good,” Ricky said with a full mouth.
“I know, right?” Sam’s mouth was also stuffed.
“I don’t think these are American cheese singles.”
“This is real cheese, for real.” Sam’s mouth was so full as he was speaking, he was spitting bread crumbs. “Everything here is real. Please.”
 He looked over at Galen, standing by the wall. “Galen, please. I don’t know if Andrew’s your boss or not, but maybe you could go off and just relax for a bit. You know, just take off.”
“I’ll leave you two alone. Call if you need anything. I’ll be in the other room.”
“All right.”
As Galen moved away, Sam leaned in toward Ricky. “Dude, I don’t know what to tell him, you know. There’s this manager… estate manager guy, Andrew; he runs the show here. Creepy, uptight, pops out of nowhere. I think he’s the boss of everyone.”
“You’re really lucky to have this place.”
“It’s temporary, you know. Thanks for coming over…”
Those last words just hung in the air. Sam could feel the uneasiness in the room.
“Last night. Just weird. You know.”
Ricky reddened. Like he was guilty of something. As if he was about to be accused, or chastised.
“I’m so hungover,” Sam continued. Ricky grinned. “Do you remember… that day in grade one? First day?”
“Kind of,” Ricky answered. “Why?”
“I was so scared. I was just thinking about that this morning. It really was terrifying. It was kind of like the party was over. Like we were going to have to start working, doing homework; kindergarten was over and we were going to have to start pulling our weight. At least that’s what my mom told me when she put me on the bus.”
Ricky grinned. “She said that?”
“Yeah. I just remember sitting in that classroom. David was there, and I knew him, but he was sitting across the room. I didn’t know anyone else. Everybody was talking, laughing.”
“And then Missus Punna came in and told everybody to shut it.”
They burst out laughing.
“Yeah, yeah. Oh God, you could hear a pin drop then. But right before that, when the ruckus was still on – paper airplanes were flying, girls’ pigtails were being pulled – I don’t think I ever felt so alone. I was just so scared of talking to someone. And I was wondering: how did everybody meet already? How did everyone just feel so comfortable to start talking with everyone? What is wrong with me?”
Sam smiled, but Ricky just stared at him, feeling uncomfortable again.
“I mean, I was thinking then, what’s wrong with me?”
“Didn’t I talk to you then?” Ricky asked.
“Yeah. That’s when you talked to me. You said: what do I have to do to get a drink around here?”
They laughed again.
“You were six and you said that.”
“I didn’t know anybody either. And you looked so quiet over there.”
“You’re always fearless when you talk to people you don’t know.”
“I guess.”
“That day… That was a good day.”
“I didn’t know you remembered it so well.”
“That was the first time you saved me.”
The two said nothing for a moment. And then Ricky made an announcement.
“Well, this is a great spot to segue to my next great idea for you.”
“What?”
Ricky looked around from where he was sitting, and then let his gaze fall on Sam.
“I think we should have a party.”



Sunday, December 8

Michelle held her mother’s back as her mother sat up in the hospital bed and sipped water from a straw and plastic cup.
“You start tomorrow?” her mother asked.
“Yes. New job.”
“Think you’ll stick it out?”
“It’s Chelsea, my friend. I’m not going to let her father down.”
“Well, we’ll see.”
It didn’t take long for Michelle to come up with an excuse to leave the room. “I’m just going to get a cup of coffee.” She fled into the hallway. Why do I let her get to me?
She was bored. There was nothing for her to do here in this drab port town, and she didn’t want to go back to that house. It was empty, and quiet, but filled with dreaded memories. That bedroom of hers. She had dreams in New York City about that bedroom. She had lived her most terrible day there. Her most devastating moment. She thought she could still see a stain on that carpet. Why didn’t mom tear out those horrendous carpets?
* * *
Heavy drops soaked the meandering property, and Sam, stroking Russ at his feet, lay on an oversized windowsill, staring outside at the lawns and gardens which were beautiful in the rain. Russ nuzzled in close. “I feel great here,” Sam told him. Sam didn’t know what had made him say that aloud. He just felt it. He felt so comfortable here. He felt at peace. “I’d like tea. Do you think Galen would get me some tea? And then we should go exploring again.”
Sam kept finding all these rooms. Two in the hallway he slept in had beds and looked like they had been lived in by teenagers. One had posters of male heartthrobs from the nineteen-eighties or seventies; Sam wasn’t sure. On one wall was a poster of U2: Live at Red Rocks. Funny, that Mistral lived here all alone. And that there were no pictures of anyone anywhere. All Sam knew was that Mistral’s wife had passed away years before and that all his children were adults and had families of their own now. He hoped none of these grown kids showed up in the next few days. He wouldn’t know how to explain his presence here.
Galen only worked for a few hours some days and full days on others. He slept in a small bungalow in some wooded area on the property. Andrew worked Tuesdays to Saturday and had an office on the first floor. He and his wife lived in another bungalow on another part of the property which had its own flower garden. There were three employees who worked in the kitchen. If Galen wasn’t around, these employees were to serve Sam in the west dining room. Their names were Char, Ronnie and Ashrif. One or more of these employees was in the kitchen from five in the morning until seven in the evening every day of the week. They were also available to work later into the evening on occasion. Andrew arranged their schedule and they made their homes in town with their families. No staff lived in the main house.
Sam had only been in the west dining room so he was curious to see what the east dining room looked like. On this morning he took a peek. It was grand, with a fireplace that was the size of a walk-in closet and a chandelier to rival anything Sam had ever seen on television or in the movies.
There was also a garage attached to the house with all of Mistral’s cars. Among the dozen or so vehicles was a Jaguar from this year and a black Lincoln Town Car. Sam decided he wouldn’t touch any of them. I only have an invitation to the house, not to these cars.
* * *
Sam waited outside Mistral’s hospital room. Mistral remained in intensive care, in a drug-induced coma. A middle-aged, female doctor stepped out.
“His daughters are here visiting,” the doctor said. “Do you mind coming another day?”
“No, not at all. How’s he doing?”
“No change.”
“All right.”
Sam turned back toward the elevators.
“Are you the boy in the house?”
Sam turned to see who said that. Two tall women in their forties or fifties stared back at him. One had red hair, just like her father, tied up in a kind of bun. The other had dirty blonde, reddish hair, tied up under a black hat. They were both well dressed, but a bit dowdy if you were to ask Sam’s opinion. Like two school teachers with no friends, or loved ones.
“Yes,” Sam said, trying to sound as polite and upstanding as he believed these two thought themselves to be.
The woman with the red hair spoke back. “I’m Marguerite Seville and this is Anne-Marie Monroe. We are Mister Beaugrand’s daughters. His only remaining family.”
Anne-Marie said nothing; she just continued staring into Sam.
“I’m Sam Henderson. I’m a good friend of your father’s.”
“We are well aware of who you are,” Marguerite answered. “Our lawyers are in talks with Mort Schofield regarding your stay at La Porte Grise.”
“Okay. I’m probably not going to be staying there that long. Your father will be up and about in no time.”
“La Porte Grise is family property. You have no legal claim to it.”
“I know. Your father just wanted me to look after it, and he’s doing me a huge favor too, letting me stay there. I appreciate it very much.”
A sad smile crossed Marguerite’s lips. “My father doesn’t just give things, nor do favors. There’s always a reason, a motive, or as we’ve both come to learn, something to give back in return.”
“Okay…” What the fuck does that mean? I’ve only been in the house for twenty-four hours.
“We want you out of La Porte Grise,” Marguerite said, devoid of emotion. “Our lawyers are preparing to descend upon Mister Schofield. Be prepared to find another place to live.”
Sam just nodded his head. “All right.”
The sisters moved passed him, with Anne-Marie's eyes looking him up and down, appraising him. It made Sam want to shake his body, to ward off the growing shiver building up inside him.



Monday, December 9

Sam was awakened by the clanging of the pipes again. It wasn't loud, but still jarring to hear since the mansion's usual state was absolute silence. It sounded as if someone was banging two lead pipes against each other. The ongoing sound lasted two minutes but it felt like forever.
His hair still wet from the shower, Sam sauntered into the west dining room, wondering if he would be served this morning. He found Galen waiting for him with the morning paper. 
“We can set up a breakfast buffet if you'd like. We've never had guests leave for work from here.”
“I’ll just have toast. Is that cool?”
“Yes, of course. Whole wheat?”
“Sure. And coffee. Please bring me some coffee. I’m running late. Watching BluRays all night in the theater.”
“We also have a digital projector in the theater that plays newer films. We receive opening theatrical releases every Friday. We return these to the film distribution companies on Wednesday. They send FedEx to pick them up.”
“Wow. I didn’t realize Mistral loved movies that much.”
“Mister Beaugrand likes to watch his films alone but still get the movie theater experience, including watching the latest films.”
It had only been two days since he moved in but it was taking zero effort for Sam to adapt to Mistral Beaugrand’s lifestyle.
* * *
Sam stepped onto the tenth floor from the elevator with his head down. There were other people in the lobby. Thank God. He readjusted his Raybans as he attempted to sashay along the walls, past the people in the waiting area, and past Cass. From the corner of his eye, he thought he saw her, with her wire-thin phone headset, looking down to avoid his gaze, and smiling. Smiling? Shit, she must have seen me passed out on that pile of coats as she left Pete Smith’s. I was, like, passed out for hours. It’s probably all over Facebook. Christ, is there a picture of me passed out on Facebook? Jesus, that effing Facebook…
Sam didn’t come out of his office all day, in fear of coming across Cass. He didn’t even use the common kitchenette that the offices on the tenth floor shared.
At lunch time, Sam ate at his desk. A cold grilled cheese sandwich he had the kitchen at La Porte Grise make him. He left at six pm, after Ricky, and after everyone on the floor had cleared out for the day.
* * *
When Sam entered the mansion, he was greeted at once by Russ who trotted into the majestic entrance hall and rubbed his nose against his leg.
Sam pet him. “How are you, Russ?”
He had dinner in the west dining room, and then walked over to the movie theater where Galen had set up a full-sized movie poster at the entrance. It was an actual theater poster of the feature Galen would be playing tonight. Sam could smell buttery popcorn. He sat in the theater with Russ and watched the new release with popcorn in a red and white paper bag which Galen served from the popcorn trolley.
After the film, Sam went back to his room to slip on his swim trunks. He dove into the indoor pool, swimming through the tunnel to the outside pool which was heated. He blew clouds with his breath in the frigid, night air. He went to bed exhausted.
“I’m a long way from that closet-sized bungalow,” he told Russ who cuddled up beside him. He didn’t mean the place he had just been kicked out of, but one of the many rentals he had stayed in with his mother and little brother. “A real long and far way…”
Sam fell asleep within the minute.



Tuesday, December 10

Clang. Clang. Clang. Sam woke with a start. The pipes were banging. He turned to the bedside table alarm clock. It was three in the morning. Man, what is that? It’s louder than before. Where’s Russ? Can he hear this?
Hours later, on his way to work, Sam saw Andrew already moving through the house.
“Hey, hi. Andrew, I wanted to tell you about these pipes at night.”
Andrew turned to him with a cold stare. “Pardon?”
“At three in the morning, it woke me up, this bang, bang, bang.”
“My apologies that this house doesn’t live up to your usual standards.”
“I just thought you would want it checked out.”
“Mind your own affairs, and leave this estate to me.”
“Your pipes are banging. Just thought you should know. “
“If it bothers you so, perhaps you should stay in your own home.”
“Okay.” Whatever. Sam bumped off to work.
* * *
At Sam’s desk, both Sam and Ricky clutched coffee in Shrug's paper cups.
“Andrew was a complete douche,” Sam said, “Really rude. He treats me like I have no right being in the house, like I smell like a septic tank or something. I think he put me in this bedroom with banging pipes on purpose. Trying to get me to leave. I wish I could call Mort and have that guy fired.”
“Mort told you Mistral wanted you to treat the place like it was your own. Andrew has no right treating you that way.”
“He's an employee, right? And I'm there because his boss is lending me his house. His boss wants me in there.”
“You should tell him that.”
“I don't want to tell him anything. I just want him gone.” Sam took a sip from his coffee. “It's funny... in my only semester in college, I got this F because I concluded on some management paper that this employee should get canned for treating the new manager like he didn't exist, like what he said didn't matter. I remember the prof shaking her head like I was the dumbest fuck alive. Like I had no right being in that school.”
“Is that why you quit?”
“Maybe. That and the fact that I couldn't sit through a class. I wanted to be out there, actually doing it.”
“And you did, and now you live in the fucking Spelling mansion. So, when's the party?”
“I asked Mort. He said it was totally cool. And to warn soggy pants Andrew before we went ahead with anything.”
“Have you?”
“I will tonight.”
“You better.”
“Dude, who are we going to invite? I don't know anyone.”
“Don't worry. We'll mount this humongoid social media Facebook Twitter Pinterest campaign. Everyone will show.”
“We have to do a complete cleanup when we're done. And fix anything that breaks.”
“Dude, we can even repaint the walls,” Ricky said with sincerity.
“We can't repaint the walls. Change all the colors and shit.”
“We'll try to match them as best as possible. We can do the whole house while we're at it.”
“Dude, that is going to cost like thousands and thousands of dollars.”
“It'll be okay,” Ricky assured Sam. “Everything is going to be okay.”
* * *
Joey picked up Michelle from work and drove to the hospital. They were meeting with a lung cancer specialist.
Doctor Swanson came out to the waiting room and greeted them herself. She was blonde, perhaps in her fifties, fit and with a beautiful smile. For some reason, the fact that this doctor was being so nice right off the bat made Michelle feel even more uneasy than she had been feeling all day.
“Guys, come this way.” The doctor led them toward her office. “I’m Doctor Swanson, and you are Michelle, and of course, I’ve met Joseph before.”
They were now inside her office.
“Please, sit.” Doctor Swanson sat behind her desk.
Michelle and Joey sat in the two chairs facing her. 
“I’ve talked to Joseph a few times.”
Michelle did not like the way Doctor Swanson was focusing her gaze on her. It made her feel like perhaps this was some kind of intervention for her personally.
“So he already knows most of what I’m about to say.” Doctor Swanson gripped her computer flat screen with both hands and twisted it so that it swiveled to face Michelle. On the screen were several x-rays displayed in two rows. “You can see how much the cancer has metastasized throughout your mother's lungs.” The doctor used her pen to point to various areas of the x-rays. “This is your mother’s liver.”
Michelle swallowed, nervous. She turned to Joey who was staring ahead at the screen. His eyes were pooled with tears. A wave of nervous sadness rose to her mouth, cheeks, eyes. She could not control it. Her eyes watered as she stared back at the doctor.
“It’s now beyond the point where we can impede its growth. Your mother has been given various chemo therapies. At this time, we are beyond what medicine can fight.”
“How much time?” Michelle asked. She glanced at Joey who was now looking at his knee and at his fingers resting there. She stared back at the doctor.
“A month, a week… right now, it could be anytime. We’ll send her home tomorrow. Hospice care would be best.”
“Okay.” Michelle glanced again at Joey. He still wasn’t looking at her. “Okay. What do we do?”
“Spend time with her. Spend as much time as you can with her.”
“Okay.”
“What other questions can I answer?”
“I think that’s it. Thank you.” Michelle got up. She didn’t know what to do so she stuck her hand out. Doctor Swanson shook it. “Thank you,” Michelle repeated.
* * *
“Did you tell Dad?” Michelle asked as she and Joey walked down the corridor.
“He’s meeting with Doctor Swanson tomorrow.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“You knew it couldn’t be good. She smoked her entire life.”
Michelle stopped, halting Joey. “How long have you known?”
“How sick she was?”
“That she could die any minute?”
“A few weeks.”
“And you never told me?”
“I called you to come up. I wasn’t going to tell you over the phone.”
“And when I arrived?”
“I couldn’t.” Joey swallowed, his eyes teary. His voice cracked. “It’s mom…”
Michelle took her little brother in her arms. She knew what he felt. Their mother was invincible, unbreakable. How could she be dying? But Michelle had known deep down when she had first seen her in that hospital bed. She had felt it then that they were at the point of no return.
She pulled away. “I’m sorry I wasn’t there. I’m sorry I wasn’t there when you first heard. Let’s go see her now.”
* * *
Joey and Michelle traveled up to the third floor. What do I say to her? Michelle thought.
A nurse with thick glasses approached. “Hi.”
Michelle stopped in her tracks. “Yes?”
A young male doctor appeared from behind the nurse. “Hello. Can we… Can we just talk over here?”
“What’s happened?”
The doctor began moving away. Michelle and Joey followed. The doctor’s voice lowered.
“Just a few minutes ago... there were complications…”
Whoa, Michelle thought. She was shaking.
“Your mother passed at four-thirty this afternoon.”
Michelle’s shaking subsided somewhat. “We were just coming here to talk to her…” The doctor looked at her, speechless. He was powerless to help her.
Michelle’s arm found her brother’s shoulder. She pulled him in. This place was a dream. It was all a dream, but she had to stay where she was. She had to be here. Her brother needed her.
It was only twenty minutes before Joey's wife Helen arrived and had her arms around her husband. Helen was of Chinese American descent and Michelle had always thought that she looked like a beautiful doll. She was an excellent addition to the family. Her brother deserved someone kind like her. Michelle was happy he had her.
“Should I call Dad?”
“Can you?” Joey asked back.
“Yes. Of course. No problem.”
Michelle stepped into a waiting room where an elderly couple sat. She took her mobile out of her coat pocket. She dialed Paulo’s number.
“Hello,” he answered at the other end. “Michelle?”
“My mom just died.” Her voice was cracking. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t be bothering you with this. I just… you’re just who I wanted to talk to.”
“Michelle, I’m glad you called. I’m glad you called me. I’m so sorry.”
“I have to call my dad. I’ll call you right back.”
Michelle hung up. The funeral… She’d have to stay for the funeral. She’d have to help organize it. Michelle just wanted out. She wanted the hell out of here. Out of Ferring. She couldn’t. She couldn’t leave Joey like this. Not before the funeral. She dialed her father’s number.
“Michelle?” It was her father picking up at the other end. “Is everything all right?”
“Dad…” Michelle took a deep breath. “Mom died tonight.”
* * *
Outdoor lights illuminated the looming, sprawling castle. Sam, in a long, wool coat, and Ricky, in his bright snowboarding jacket, stood on the front lawn in the dark as Ricky took a picture with his iPhone. Russ shivered beside them.
“You'd think Mistral would have put up some sort of Christmas / Holiday decorations, you know?” Ricky inspected the image he had just snapped on his phone's screen. He grinned, satisfied, and passed the phone over to Sam. “We put this up on Facebook with the invite and we are cockin’ and lockin’. Everyone’s going to be looking at this picture and go, holy, I got to check this sick place out. Holy… you know? Shit. We're having a party...”
“I’ve never thrown a party before. Are you sure people are going to come?”
“You just watch. I’ll invite everyone on my Facebook friend list and you do the same. And then they’ll tell people and they’ll tell people. And then it’s going to grow and grow and grow, and then we’re on in five. I am so glad you live here now.”
“I don’t live here. I’m just… borrowing the place.”
“Whatever. This coming Saturday night, you are going to be a star.”
* * *
Michelle sat at the kitchen table in her mother’s house, staring at a glass of water. She had just been at Joey’s while Helen his wife tried to make them eat. What’s going to happen to this place? Are Joey and I going to inherit it? Are we going to have to sell it? Is the mortgage all paid off? All the crap Joey and I are going to have to deal with. I’m not looking forward to any of it. If only mom and dad had stayed together, he might have been able to help out. Maybe he still will. Some major decisions are going to have to be made in the next few weeks. In the next few days...
Michelle had called her friend Chelsea to let her know what had happened. She wouldn’t be at work in the morning. It would have only been her third day on the job and already she was taking time off. She felt like she was letting Chelsea down. She’d be back at work any day now anyway. She needed the money, and there was too much now for Joey to do on his own. She really was stuck in Ferring.



Wednesday, December 11

Sam glared at his notebook computer when Ricky stormed into their office space. “Dude, go on Facebook.” Sam did as he was told. “Sixty people already said yes to the invite.”
Sam clicked on the event. “It says seventy-two now.” He looked up at Ricky. He was happy, but also a bit nervous. “Jeeze, how many people did you invite?”
“That is only going to grow and grow.”
“How many people?”
“My entire Facebook friend list and your entire Facebook friend list.”
“And how many people is that?”
“I don't know... Fourteen hundred.”
“Jesus. I've never even thrown a party once in my entire life. This is outrageous. Should I get chips and stuff?”
“Yeah. Chips and maybe cheesies. Let's make it a special night.”
“Are chips and cheesies enough?” Sam’s mobile vibrated on his desk. “Hold on a sec.” He picked it up and looked at the screen.
“Whoa, it's Patience.” Sam pressed the answer button and slapped the phone up to his ear. He could not do this fast enough. “Hello?”
He listened. Ricky made a questioning face to get Sam to give a clue as to what Patience must be telling him. Sam responded with a confused look. “Hello?” he repeated into his phone.
“What's going on?” Ricky asked, impatient.  “What's going on with Patience?”
“I don't know.” Sam still had the phone held up to his ear. “Patience? Are you there?” He gazed back up at Ricky. “I don't think she's there.”
“Jesus, are you kidding me?”
Sam pressed the end button on his mobile. “No. The call just disconnected.”
“Why’d you hang up? She was probably just fumbling around.”
“Fumbling with what?”
“Her purse, her lipstick, I don't know... but just as she was about to say something, you probably hung up on her.”
“Why would she call me while she was fumbling with lipstick?”
“Maybe she's driving with like a coffee in one hand, phone in the other...”
“What she holding the steering wheel with? Her knees?”
“A million possibilities could have been happening over there and you just hung up on her.”
“I hung up so that when she realizes the call dropped, she’ll redial and I’ll be there to answer.”
“You don't have call waiting?”
“I don’t trust it in these situations. You always end up hanging up on the caller if you're still holding on another line. I didn't want to take that chance this time. This call is way too important to me.”
“You think she wants you back?”
“It's a really good sign that she called me, don't you think?”
“You think she's calling you right back?”
“Hopefully. Once she realizes the call dropped.”
“Okay. Mind if I wait with you?”
“Not at all.”
The boys stared at the phone. The phone sat motionless. The boys remained silent.
“Maybe she just hung up on purpose,” Ricky suggested.
“Like she had a change of heart, and she just hung up before I answered?”
“Could be. Maybe once she was waiting for you to answer she got scared that you'd reject her and she hung up before the going got tough.”
“But I wouldn't reject her.”
“She can't be certain of that?”
“How do I let her know?”
“Call back. Right now. Tell her you noticed on your caller ID that she called but that there was no one at the other end when you picked up.”
“I can't do that. That seems so desperate. Like I'm dying to talk to her again. Like I have all these expectations.”
“But if my name showed up on your caller ID after a dropped call, you'd call me back. I know you would.”
“It's not the same. We're not playing this... game.”
“Exactly. Call her.”
“I can't... She probably didn't even want to talk to me anyway.”
For the rest of the afternoon, Sam just gawked at the mobile on his desk. At three-twenty in the afternoon, it vibrated. Sam jumped, and picked it up. The display read: “Ricky” superimposed over the picture of the two of them falling over a table in a bar, drunk.
“What?” Sam asked into the phone.
“Has she called yet?” Ricky asked at the other end.
“No. I gotta go in case she does call.” Sam pressed the end button as he heard Ricky in the other room scream into the phone, “Call her!”
Sam looked at the time on his iPhone. It was three-twenty-three. He got up.
* * *
Patience, in her long, beige, wool overcoat, left the office with two of her girlfriends, walking out of one of the most exclusive business high-rises in Ferring. Sam was sitting on the ridge of a dry fountain. Her eyes caught his as he smiled at her.
“Hi.”
She stopped in front of him. She appeared uncertain, and Sam wasn’t sure, but perhaps annoyed as well. “Hi,” she said back. “What’s up? What are you doing here?”
Sam stood. “Did you call me today?”
“No.”
One of Patience’s colleagues smiled at Sam. Patience had yet to introduce them.
“Oh, I just got this call on my phone.” Sam held up his iPhone for a brief moment. “And the caller ID showed that it was your number, and then when I answered it, the line just cut. And I was just in the area so I just wanted to ask you.”
“Oh, it was probably just a pocket dial.” Patience pulled her own iPhone from her purse. “I probably leaned on my purse and my address book just dialed your number. You’re probably still on my speed dial. This happens all the time with this damn phone.” Patience examined her iPhone up close. “I don’t know how to get your speed dial icon off.” Patience pressed a few times on the phone’s touch screen. “Here, I think I just took you off.”
“Do you want me to check?” Sam swallowed, embarrassed.
“No, that’s fine. I think it’s okay now.”
“Hey, I’m having a party. Did you see my invite on Facebook?”
“Yeah, I think I did. How are you having a party in that tiny place of yours?”
“Oh, you should check out the invite more carefully. It’s got a picture of Mistral’s mansion. I’m kind of housesitting there so I’m throwing a bash.”
“Who’s Mistral?” Patience asked.
“My silent partner.”
“Do you mean Mistral Beaugrand?” the smiling colleague asked.
Sam turned to her and grinned. “Yeah.”
“That place is famous. My mother is an old friend of his.” The colleague turned to Patience who now was – without a doubt – irritated. “It’s on this secluded hill in Washmore.”
“Well, you’re invited to the party,” Sam said. “All of you are. Just come Saturday night anytime after nine. We’re getting a DJ. There’ll be chips.”
The two girls with Patience laughed. Sam laughed with them, although he wasn’t sure why.
“Yeah…” He nodded. “It’ll be a blast. Chip dip. You know, that kind of party.” Sam turned to Patience. “I hope you come.”
“I’m kind of busy. I’ll see you around though, okay?” Patience walked on.
“Bye,” Sam said after her. He felt so pathetic. Why did I come here? I can’t tell Ricky I just did this.
* * *
Sam ate his dinner in the west dining room with Russ lying at his feet. The rest of the house was still.
“I don’t know,” he told Russ. “I just can’t seem to let her go.”
* * *
Michelle sat at her mother’s desktop computer in the house’s den, having just returned from the viewing. Her father had stood with them as she and Joey talked with everyone. It was exhausting, just standing there as everyone tried to say comforting words when really what would be comforting is if Michelle didn’t have to stand, feeling pressure to make everyone feel comfortable. If only Michelle could grieve by herself. But she couldn’t leave Joey all alone again, even though he had Helen.
A text came in on her mobile phone. From Paulo. He would be in Ferring for the day for her mother’s funeral. Michelle texted back that she didn’t want him to spend the money. Really, she thought, I can’t let him take time off work for a girl he just starting dating. Paulo texted back that he really wanted to be there for her.
Michelle put her phone down and sighed, trying to slow down her breathing. She gripped the computer’s mouse. What’s going on in Hollywood? Perez Hilton’s site materialized on the monitor. She hadn’t relaxed at a computer, on the internet, for days. She remembered that her mother had some red wine on the kitchen counter. She uncorked the bottle, poured herself a glass and sat back down at the computer. Her mom’s computer (one of Joey’s leftovers) and internet connection were slow, but she was still able to open Facebook.
There was an invite from Sam Henderson. An invite to a party taking place this coming weekend. She clicked on ‘Decline’. Funny, she thought, he probably doesn’t even know that my mother just died. News in Ferring like marriages, births and deaths usually traveled like wildfire. She wondered who else he had invited. And how many had clicked ‘Join’ to accept the invitation. So far it said two hundred and seventy-eight people. Two hundred and seventy-eight people? What the…
Michelle looked at how many people were invited. Over fourteen hundred. That’s insane… or desperate. What kind of party is this anyway? Michelle reread the invitation. There was a photo of a lit-up mansion at night, towering over an endless piece of land. Beautiful. Where the hell is that? She had seen the house before. Maybe in a newspaper article when I was a kid. It’s some kind of famous place right here in Ferring, or on the outskirts of Ferring. She looked at the address: Twenty Way Crescent. Way Crescent… There was a link to a map to the party. She clicked on it. The map opened on Google. It showed that Twenty Way Crescent was in Washmore. Wow, Michelle thought, what is skinny, little Sam Henderson doing having a party in a mansion in Washmore with hundreds of people?
Michelle clicked back to the invite. Come on… Come on… The connection speed was torture. The invite popped back on, and Michelle looked at who else was invited. There were plenty of familiar names, many from her childhood, from her past. Some brought a smile to her face. She found the one that she was looking for. He hadn’t replied yet.
A shiver spread through her. She had seen his Facebook profile picture before but she had never asked him to be a “friend”, and he had never asked her. They had known each other before they even knew about Facebook, and after she had joined, she had typed in his name, and there he was, smiling, in a suit and tie, being hugged by a girl. Afterward, over the years, she had typed in his name to see his profile picture, and he always seemed to be wearing a suit. And he always seemed to be with a girl. Sometimes he’d be two pictures in a row with the same girl, and then he’d switched to a new girl. Another relationship ended, and another begun. She could click on his info page but because they weren’t “friends”, she could only see limited bits of information. She knew that he was now in law school.
This new profile picture showed him on vacation somewhere sunny. And without a suit. He was shirtless, in board shorts with Raybans, one of his tanned, muscular arms around a blonde in a skimpy, two-piece bathing suit with some kind of see-through beach shawl wrapped around her bottoms. This girl wore her get-up well. He was smiling. Happy. He’d moved on. He had moved on a long time ago. She was stuck. He was free. He was already in another new life. He even looked shiny and new. Like the sun in his profile picture, life kissed him. It always had.



Thursday, December 12

Sam blew into the tenth floor lobby from an elevator with his head down. He had just spent the early morning at a manufacturer.
“Ricky invited me to this party,” he heard someone say as he sped-walked. “He says it’s at your house.”
Sam looked up. Cass was staring at him, with a lopsided grin.
“Umm, yeah. I don’t own it. I just live there right now.”
“Oh.”
“I… I hope you can come.”
“Yeah. I’m just going to see what my friends are up to on Saturday first.”
“They can come too. The more the merrier.”
“Ricky just told me there’s like three hundred people coming so far.”
“Yeah.” Sam swallowed; he was growing nervous. “It’s getting crazy. I’ve never had a party. I mean, I’ve been to some but I’ve never, like, thrown one, you know.”
“I’m sure it’ll be fun.”
“I hope so. I don’t want three hundred angry people at my place, you know… yeah...”
* * *
Sam sat at his desk with the door to his office open when Ricky showed up for work.
“That meeting with Big Buy is next week,” Sam told him.
“That shipment better be coming in,” Ricky said as he sat down at his own desk in the larger room, turning on the desktop computer.
“I’m going to RossMac’s at four. I’ll see where they’re at first hand. They’ve never been late before.”
“We’ve never given them this many models before and ordered this many units.”
“This is my money. You have nothing to worry about.”
“It’s your money, Sam. I’m worried about your money because it’s your money.”
“Fair enough.” Sam couldn’t help but be touched. “So, you invited Cass to the party.”
Ricky stood, smiling. “Thought you might be pleased.”
“I am. You are an excellent friend, buddy.”
Ricky entered Sam’s office. “Not just your regular ol’ wingman.”
“Never thought it.”
“So how did you find out?” Ricky asked, plopping himself down on the red beanbag chair by Sam’s desk.
“She told me.”
“So you’re talking to her now?”
“What do you mean?”
“You’ve just been sprinting past her every time you get off the elevator like she has leprosy or something.”
“I’m embarrassed. She saw me make a complete fool of myself way too many times.”
“Wear it.”
“Wear what?”
“Wear the fact that you fell on her at the party or any other time I pushed you on top of her. The whole 'passing out on the coats' thing, wear it. If it’s all out in the open, it loosens its power. No one can hold it against you if you openly show how you don’t really care. In the end, you won’t hold it against you, ‘cause that’s really what’s going on here.”
A wave of emotion blindsided Sam. Where the fuck did that come from? “Dude, how’d you get so smart?”
“All the sick days I took in grade school,” Ricky answered. “I was eating crackers, hot tomato soup and watching Oprah with my mother. Oprah practically raised me.”
Sam grinned.
Ricky got up. “Let’s hug.”
Sam snickered as Ricky mounted him on the chair.
“I love you so much,” Ricky announced.
“This would be funny if we weren’t in a room all alone.”
* * *
Sam approached Cass’s desk. “Hey, do you have time to go out for coffee? I’d like to take you out for a good coffee. Not the crap they make here.”
Cass smiled. “Okay. I could use a good cup of coffee.”
* * *
Sam and Cass walked out onto Main Street, the only area in Ferring that looked urban. And had any energy.
“So, what kind of things do you and Ricky make?”
“You mean at ZipItUp?”
“Yeah.”
“Covers. We make covers for all kinds of portable electronics like iPhones and Blackberrys and all the tablet computers out there. We’ve got amazing ones for iPad and Kindle.”
“That’s neat. I just asked for a new iPad for Christmas.”
“Well, you just got yourself a free cover.”
“So, are these covers in stores?”
“Some of the smaller electronic stores in the state. Nothing major right now. But we move a lot of units via our website and on Amazon.”
“I use Amazon for everything.”
“Next time, check out our selection and tell me which one you want.”
Sam’s iPhone vibrated.
“Shoot, this might be one of our manufacturers. I’ve got to take this. I’m so sorry. It’s crunch time for us right now.” Sam answered his iPhone. “Hello?... I thought our appointment was at four… No, I have a meeting with Big Buy in a few days so I’ll come right now.” Sam pressed end on his iPhone as he glanced at Cass. “I’m sorry; this should only take five minutes. He’s right around the corner.”
“I’m on my lunch break. It’s fine.”
* * *
At the manufacturer’s, Sam stood over various chunks of pink rubber on a cluttered desk, talking with John, a short, gruff man with muscled arms and graying hair. Cass listened, standing a few feet behind them. The place smelled of chemicals and cigarette smoke.
Sam snatched one piece of pink rubber. “This is the one. For sure.”
“That’s what I thought,” John said in an East European accent. “Okay. We start now.”
“I can go?”
“Go. Go.” John burst off to another part of the facility.
“That looks like a nice pink,” Cass told Sam with a smile.
“I made a mint selling these clear covers for iPads. See…” Sam grabbed a translucent rubber cover off a worktable. “They’re like Ziploc sandwich bags. They lock your goods up where they basically become life-proof. You can drop them, get them wet, get snow on them, ice on them, even submerse them in the ocean, and when your iPad comes out, it’s still brand spankin’ new. And I love the shiny brightness of a new iPad, or a new phone. And what makes the cover so great is the material. You can still touch your screen though the clear rubber and operate it, no problem.”
“No one else has thought of this?”
“Sure, you can get something similar but it’s not as tough or reliable, and more importantly, it doesn’t look as cool. Design is our second most important priority; the first being quality. I’m getting covers with colors no one has ever even seen before. Pinks that’ll blow your mind, clear covers that sparkle when the light hits them a certain way, a silvery black that you never thought was possible in silicon, a blue that defies description. All our covers come out for the iPhone and iPad first and then we roll them out to other brands and we also make universal covers for just about anything. No one is paying this much attention or having this much fun making this stuff, and when you buy something like an iPad, you want to make certain that what you’re handing money over for is fun and cool. And did you know stores like Big Buy make all their profits on third-party accessories when it comes to Apple? Apple products barely get a retail mark-up so these stores are dying to carry our stuff.”
“And is Big Buy carrying your stuff?”
“They will and then I can take a break. A big, long, expensive break.”
“You do seem like you’re having fun.”
“I am. I love this. Manufacturing was our past and it's our future. Software, entertainment, it’s everywhere, but when it comes to the hardware, to something you actually hold in your hands, people only trust a few names, and I think I’ve earned that trust. All these product review bloggers and early adopters have discovered us. It’s only a matter of time before the rest of the world does.”
Cass smiled. “Only a matter of time…”
Sam’s eyes were blazing with boyish exuberance. “I know.”
“You’re cute,” Cass managed.
Sam had no clue how to respond. “Coffee…”
Cass remained smiling and staring into Sam’s eyes. “Coffee.”
* * *
Sam and Cass sat at a table inside Shrug's, sipping their lattes from mugs.
“So what are you all about?” Sam asked.
“What do you mean?”
“What do you do besides come to work every day?”
“I’m doing my Masters in Psychology.”
“Whoa… That’s like major stuff. Am I nuts? A nerd?”
Cass grinned. “A nerd.”
“I blew it, didn’t I? I’m like an open book.”
“My ninety-two year-old great aunt Gertrude is cooler than you.”
“I can be cool.”
“I doubt it. Don’t worry. Girls like nerds. Well, the nerds who know what they’re doing.”
Sam blushed. “What?” How do I respond to a statement like that?
Cass laughed. “No. Not like that. I mean that do something they’re good at.”
Sam still wasn’t sure what she meant. “Okay…”
“I mean, you’re good. You’re good at your work. What you’re doing. It sounds like you’re going to kill with your covers. And that's something, I guess, that’s attractive. It makes someone want to know you more. Or more about you.”
“I want to know more about you,” Sam said with sincerity.
Cass burst out laughing. “You’re hilarious.”
“Yeah,” Sam replied. “I just said that to be hilarious but I… I also meant it. I meant it too.”
“That makes me happy that you meant it.”
“I’m happy too right now,” Sam revealed.
Cass laughed again.



Friday, December 13

It was seven in the morning as Michelle waited in the small, box-like Ferring train station, wearing a dark coat over a long, conservative, black dress. The funeral was in a few hours but she wanted to be here to greet Paulo.
Paulo was dressed in a black suit as he came through the arrival sliding doors, leading a dozen passengers into the room. He grinned. He held a shoulder bag for a notebook computer. That was it. Michelle smiled as she ran to him.
“Thank you,” she said, putting her arms around him. It was going to be a long day. But she had him. He squeezed her tight. She had him for the day.
* * *
At three o’clock, Michelle left the reception at Joey’s house in her mother’s five-year-old, blue Ford Escort with Paulo in the passenger seat.
“My flight leaves at five-thirty,” Paulo said. “We can have an early dinner somewhere.”
“I know a motel just up here.”
“What?” Paulo asked, confused. Michelle said nothing back. Her brother had spoken at the church as had a few cousins and aunts. Michelle had remained quiet the entire time, tearing up now and then, controlled, with Paulo at her side. When the reception was winding down, she had made a beeline for the front door with Paulo in tow.
Michelle went to the front desk of the Motel 6 and checked in. She asked if she could pay up front; they were leaving before dinner. Paulo was embarrassed. This was so obvious. But he did nothing. He wanted this too.
Once they entered the room, Michelle kissed him on the mouth as she unbuttoned her coat. She did things to him that he had only fantasized about. She was a dream in bed, giving and surprising, taking control. She made him feel like he just had to sit back and let it all happen, but she wanted something in return, and Paulo wasn’t sure what it was but he sensed it had to do with how he held onto her, with his arms, and he tried his best to hold her as much as possible. Is this what she wants from me? I don’t know...
* * *
At the train station, Michelle looked up into his eyes, but not with longing or desperation; it was like it was this morning. Had it been the same day? That morning seemed like an eternity ago. The look in her eyes, in her smile: it was gratitude. “Thank you,” she said for the second time today.
Paulo took her in his arms. “Call me. Whenever, okay? And I’ll call you tonight. As soon as I get to my parents'.”
Michelle pulled away. She was now crying. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” She was crying like she should have done when they buried her mother. “I’m sorry.”
Paulo held her again. “Nothing to be sorry about. I’m just sorry I can’t stay longer.”
“You’ve done so much just by being here today. I just…” She pulled away again. “Go.” She smiled up into his eyes. “Go. I’ll wait for your call.”
Paulo walked away. And Michelle smiled when he turned to look one last time. The sliding doors closed, making Ferring part of another world.



Saturday, December 14

Michelle woke in her bedroom. Rain sprayed the window like bullets. What time is it? She turned to the alarm clock. It was three-thirty in the afternoon. She had been waking up and going back to sleep all day, having strange dreams. She needed to pee but she didn’t want to get up. Maybe if I just fall asleep again, I won’t have to go. She was too awake now. She needed to go to the bathroom. She sat up. She felt hungry. Shit, now I have to make something to eat. My stomach is killing me. I have a headache. I’m dehydrated. Fuck.
Michelle landed her bare feet onto the carpet. She rubbed her head. Where do I go from here? I want to go home. I hate it here. She stood. It continued to rain outside. It’ll snow soon. Everything here will be covered in white. Maybe if I stay inside in a house buried over with snow, no one will know I’m here.
Joey had said that they would need to sell the house soon. And that they’d have to clean it out. He would need her. She wouldn’t let him do that all by himself. She just didn’t want to do it. The house had served its purpose for this family. They had all moved on now and this depressing shithole with all their garbage was still here. She looked at everything surrounding her. Crap they left behind and no longer had use for. She wanted to dump everything on the curb for garbage collection, for scavengers, for people who drive around at night and go through your trash, searching. She wanted it all gone. Burned up. A bonfire. This space needs a cleansing. It was death in here. Years of cigarette smoke, mornings in bed not wanting to get up, and people who weren’t happy you were still here. People who never smiled. People who knew life was a weight no one could lift and that, in time, crushed you. Snuffed you out.
When Michelle was a young girl, she had a secret. She believed she lived with a higher purpose than those around her. Her flowers, colors, life, future looked brighter than the flowers, colors, lives and future of those around her. She kept this to herself and downplayed the fact that one day, she would live in a house with large, open spaces, with gardens, fresh flowers, and with people who smiled and who lived lives that were weightless. She imagined herself as a clothing designer, and then as an author and later on as an editor for famous authors. She loved the printed word. She loved books. She had sometimes felt like Belle in the Disney version of Beauty and the Beast, devouring books and seeing a bigger life ahead. That was her secret. But she never told anyone in this house. She didn’t want them to feel bad.
Michelle got up from the toilet and flushed it. She washed her hands in the sink, and saw her face in the mirror. There were black rings under her eyes. She examined their reflection up close. I have crow’s feet. My face. It’s old. I’m twenty-four years old and I look ancient. Maybe this is what you look like at twenty-four, twenty-five. Is it a downward slope now for people like me? For people who grew up in this house?
Everyone else around her now held that secret, that promise. That secret was now kept from Michelle. It somehow got lost in the past. I look like someone else now. Someone old. Of no use. Left behind. Along with everything else in this dump.
* * *
It was raining at La Porte Grise as Sam sat on his favorite oversized windowsill, staring out the window, in a white T-shirt, jeans and barefoot. Russ had his head in his lap.
“I’m so nervous, Russ.”
Russ licked his hands.
“I invested all my life savings, all the money I’ve pretty much ever earned into one shipment, and I’m more nervous about tonight and this party than the fact that I've just put all my life's work into one basket.”
Sam looked down. Russ was staring up right into his eyes. How did this friend come into my life? Sam thought.
“When I was a kid,” Sam continued, “I used to be scared that I’d throw a party and no one would show, and back then I had more friends. Not now with everyone coming back and forth from these college towns with their ever-increasing amount of degrees and titles. None of those college grads remember me from back in the day. Jeeze, this is way too much pressure.”
“Sam…”
Sam looked up. Galen stood beside him. “Andrew wants to talk you downstairs. Immediately.”
Sam stood. “That doesn’t sound good.”
Galen said nothing back.
Jeeze, they all hate me here.
Sam slipped on his loafers and made his way down to the west dining room where Andrew stood by one of the side chairs.
“You are not to hold this event this evening. This party…”
“I’ve already checked with Mort. Everything’s been okayed.”
“Mort has no authority over the day-to-day management of this estate. Of this house.”
“He let me know that all the paperwork made me the one who runs things here, as long as I don’t make any drastic modifications to the property.”
“You are not the master of this house. You are a guest. And quite frankly, a nuisance. A stray that Mistral had the misguidance to house, temporarily.”
“Andrew, it’s beyond my control at this point. I can’t stop this party from happening. It’s happening.”
“I will call the police.”
“I’m calling Mort.”
“If I resign because of this, you will be the one who has to answer to Mistral. You can rest assured he will pull out of this business venture you dragged him into, and then where will you be? Stop pretending to be something you’re not.”
Andrew exited the room. I hate that douche. I built ZipItUp myself. Mistral was just an investor. A very limited investor. That fuck doesn’t know what he’s talking about. But he can’t quit because of me. Mistral will have my head.
* * *
Ricky showed up an hour later with a young DJ named Norman who looked like a hippie from the nineteen-sixties. He was as skinny as a drinking straw, had long brown hair and wore Birkenstocks, army green shorts and a hand knitted, maroon, turtleneck sweater. Norman found a panel in what looked like a ballroom with towering floor to ceiling windows. He hooked up his sound equipment to the panel, obtaining full control of the house’s hidden speaker system.
Andrew was nowhere to be seen.
The music blared as Sam and Ricky put refreshments in bowls all over the first floor which they closed off with yellow police tape tied to banisters. Sam told Galen and the kitchen staff that they could have the rest of the night off. He’d make sure they were paid for their regular hours.
He then rushed to his room, flipped open his notebook computer and looked up the Facebook invite. Over five hundred people were marked off as attending. Sam swallowed. This fact was making him more nervous than if no one had planned on coming. Patience still hadn’t responded to the invite.
* * *
It was nine-thirty in the evening when Sam began taking people’s coats at the entrance. Ricky was in the ballroom with DJ Norman. He was set up at a table, taking people’s liquor donations and mixing drinks. He also took in half a dozen beer kegs brought in by guests. Soon, he was serving party patrons left and right.
Cass entered with two girlfriends. Sam smiled as he took her coat. “You’re here.”
Cass smiled back. “I’m here.”
“Go to Ricky,” Sam told them, taking more coats. “He’ll get you whatever you want to drink.”
“Thanks.” Cass drifted away.
By ten-thirty, the place was packed.
Michelle walked in. Alone. She was wearing her black hair up. She looked at what everyone else was wearing, and then looked down at her little black dress. I’m completely overdressed for this.
“Michelle?”
Michelle looked up, frightened.
It was Sandra Patel.
“Hi,” Michelle answered. Sandra was from her high school days. She had never been with the popular crowd like Michelle had been for a brief moment, but she was someone Michelle had always liked, and she was smart and well-read back in the day. Michelle guessed that Sandra was probably very successful now.
“It’s been a long time,” Sandra said.
“Yeah…”
“What have you been doing?”
“Living in New York City, working, going to school, but I’m here for a while.”
“For the Holidays?”
“Yeah, and family stuff.”
“Is everything okay?”
“My mom… my mom passed away…”
Sandra looked shocked. “What? Michelle, I’m so sorry.”
“It’s, umm…” Michelle was embarrassed to be here at this party so close to her mother’s death. “It was a few days ago. I just came here to…”
“Oh, Michelle, you don’t have to explain.”
“Let’s… let’s all just… everybody have fun tonight.”
“Who are you here with?”
Michelle was embarrassed, yet again… “I’m here… I’m here alone.”
“Come… Come join us.”
Sandra seized Michelle’s hand and led her through the crowd. “I came here with Maggie and JoJo.” She turned to face Michelle behind her. “You remember them?”
“Yes, yes, of course.” It felt good to be led by the hand.
The party, the house, everything was larger than life.
“I haven't seen you in ages” was a comment Michelle heard many times during the evening.
“I've been around, you know,” was one of the many vague replies Michelle gave.
“Wow,” Sandra said once to change the subject. “Can you believe Sam Henderson lives here now?”
“No,” Michelle added. “How did that happen?”
“No one knows,” another girl said. Michelle recognized her from high school. She thought her name might be Hannah. “Ricky Porter says his business hit the big time and one of his investors let him have the house for the Holidays.”
Michelle had only seen fleeting glimpses of Sam Henderson this evening, rushing to and fro, but always with a smile on his face. He hadn’t noticed her yet. He was too busy.
Michelle felt eyes on her. She turned.
People were dancing to the loud music. And through the dancing crowd, she saw someone. Just standing. Dark blonde hair. Broad shoulders. Tall. She knew his hazel eyes as they trapped her. I should look away. Pretend I never saw him. But she didn't have time as he smiled. A tragic smile. A smile with full knowledge that something wonderful but irretrievable had long been lost. A millennium ago. She smiled back. She knew then why she had borne the crazy idea of coming here tonight, one day after burying her own mother.
Him.
A blonde girl stood with him. The new girl in his Facebook profile picture. She was laughing at something someone said, looking away. She turned to her boyfriend, and he returned his gaze to her, smiling. The girl looked into his eyes and then, as if by instinct, she looked in Michelle’s direction. Michelle turned away. She prayed that it was just in time.
“I have to use the bathroom,” Michelle told her friends. I have to get out of here. What if that girl figures out who I am? No. He’d never tell her about me. I don’t mean a thing to him anymore. Certainly not these past few years. He’s rising to the top. And I’m stagnating here, at the bottom.
* * *
“Why did you avoid me?” a voice asked.
Sam looked up from the bar where he was serving people. “Sorry, Miss Jackson” by Outcast was booming and Sam couldn’t help but move his head to the beat. A classic. Cass was beaming up at him.
“I mean, you’re hilarious,” she continued. Sam looked deep into her eyes. No, she doesn’t look drunk. “Whenever you come into the office, with the hood of your hoodie covering your face – that is so hilarious. And really kind of cute.”
“I just…” Sam began. “I just felt so embarrassed. I mean, all the times I fell on you.”
“It didn’t mean I didn’t want to talk to you. I’m glad you asked me out for that coffee the other day. You finally started talking to me again.”
“I didn’t know you wanted me to talk to you.”
“Yeah, I did.”
“Well, that makes me feel great. Can I get you anything?”
“A cranberry and vodka.”
“Coming up.”
* * *
Michelle came back with two plastic cups of draught beer which she had gotten herself from one of the kegs. One for her and one for Sandra. Sandra and her friends weren’t where Michelle left them.
“Shoot. They were just here.”
Somebody bumped into her, and Michelle felt half of one beer spill onto her dress. “Damn.”
She raised the drinks above her head. It’s getting really crowded in here. She surveyed the room from where she was standing. No sign of Sandra and the girls. She decided to navigate through the dancing crowd. I need a safe place to stand where I won’t get rammed into.
The music stopped. Some technical malfunction. She heard the loud crowd talking, shouting. She felt something behind her. She turned. She heard something. A child’s voice.
“Hello…”
She shivered.
But there’s so much loud talking, Michelle thought. I just imagined that.
She was spooked. I have to keep moving. I don’t feel right. Why am I even here? My mother just died for chrissakes and here I am drinking beer and laughing.
She put the cups down on a window ledge. Her heart raced. She couldn’t breathe. She stopped. And leaned against the wall, looking down at the floor. I'm losing my balance. She breathed in. Someone walking past brushed her shoulder, almost knocking her over. I’m leaving.
She walked along the wall. The way was blocked by more people talking and drinking. This party is getting way out of hand. She felt something behind her again. She spun around, tired of feeling watched, stalked.
He stood a few feet away.
“I heard about your mother.”
Relief. Relief that it was him. She felt his warmth from ten feet away.
“Michelle, I’m so sorry. I just heard today. I hate myself for not being at the funeral.”
“She loved you.”
“I know,” Trevor said.
“Even when she teased you, she loved you. She loved having this royal prince in her house. It made her feel special.”
“I saw her once, after… I was too embarrassed to say hi.”
“You should have.”
“I missed her. I just didn’t think she missed me.”
“She missed you.”
“How long are you here for?”
“A few weeks.”
The music exploded again. Michelle shuddered. She thought she saw Trevor reach a hand out to protect her. The blonde girl reappeared, clamping Trevor’s arm. She leaned up and spoke into his ear. Trevor smiled at Michelle. The blonde turned toward her as well.
“Hi,” Michelle said, knowing her voice was lost in the music’s thumping.
“Hi,” the girl mouthed back, not smiling.
“I’m Michelle.”
“I’m Warren.”
“Hi Warren.”
Warren stared back up at Trevor. “I want you to meet someone.”
“Okay,” Trevor told her. Warren pulled on him. He turned back toward Michelle, and blinked, tired. Tired of everything. Michelle grinned, turning away. She moved along the wall, found some armchairs and sat down.
“There you are,” Sandra said, approaching with her friends. “They’re making all kinds of flavored martinis now. They’ve got some guy who’s calling himself a mixologist. Isn’t this the best party ever? We got some chocolate martinis. Here, have one.”
Michelle was ecstatic Sandra found her again. She had been having a pleasant time with her before.
* * *
Sam lost track of Cass. She was off somewhere with her girlfriends. Damn, I should have told her we’d meet up somewhere when I was done here behind the bar.
“Go on,” Ricky told him. “Find her.”
* * *
Sandra leaned over to Michelle in the armchair. “I’m having a blast with you. I don’t want tonight to end.”
The party was petering out. “Yeah, I had fun too,” Michelle replied.
“We should hang out some more.”
“Yes.”
“We’re heading to Mike’s Afterhours. You should come with us.”
Michelle hadn’t drunk as much as Sandra and her friends. “That’s okay. I’m going to head home. I’ll call you, okay.”
They exchanged numbers on their mobile phones. The music stopped. Michelle looked at her watch. It was one in the morning.
* * *
Sam and Ricky had a beer at a small table in the ballroom.
“Great party, man,” Ricky said, toasting his friend.
“Well, you pretty much threw it for me.”
“Hey Sammy,” a voice said on Sam’s left. Sam turned. It was Gavin Hugh from high school. Tall, athletic and red-eyed drunk. “You think you’re hot stuff now, don’t you? With this fuckin’ big house that you’re borrowing. Yeah, real big shot now. But we all know what you really are.”
Michelle came out into the ballroom to hear what the ruckus was.
“You’re a fucking fraud, you know that,” Gavin continued. “You’re little Sammy Henderson and we’ve known you since kindygarten and ain’t no one here fooled by all this crap. This is temporary. In a week, no one here is going to be talking to you. Don't fool yourself. Nothing's changed in your life.”
“You’re right,” Sam said. “This house belongs to an investor in my business. None of this is mine.”
“An investor in my business…” Gavin mimicked using a high-pitched voice. Some girls behind Gavin laughed. “Big words. You fake little wannabe.” 
“Gav, you should head out,” Ricky said.
“Don’t you fuckin’ talk to me, you little creep,” Gavin advanced toward Ricky. Some of Gavin's friends took a few steps toward Ricky as well. The girls laughed more.
“You guys start something here,” Sam said, intercepting them, “you’ll all be on camera. On my signal, a private security company and the police will race here. Within the minute. A perk of being as important a man in this community as the investor in my business. And with a rap sheet that comes with camera footage and witnesses, not to mention being on my investor's shit list, you would-be lawyers and engineers and what-not can kiss your careers goodbye. This could turn out to be one long night that lasts you the rest of your lives.”
Sam stepped closer to Gavin, staring him in the eye. “It takes less than a minute to walk out of here. Use it.” He reached one hand under a table with a lamp and pressed under it. “I've just sent the signal. You have about thirty seconds to scram.”
“You fuckin’ wimp.” Gavin and his entourage ambled out.
“Cops really on their way?” Ricky asked under his breath.
“Naw,” Sam answered. “I just wanted to tickle a table.” He downed his beer, grinning.
“In this light,” Ricky said, “and the way it’s reflecting in your eyes right now, I could fall in love with someone like you.”
Everyone else left without incident. By two am, only a half dozen people remained, drinking cups of beer from the kegs. DJ Norman and his equipment were gone. And the mixologist had left hours ago.
“You lost Cass tonight,” Ricky commented. He was slurring his words now. Both he and Sam were enjoying celebratory beers.
“Yep,” Sam said, just as drunk. “What about you? You meet someone?”
“Not really.”
By three, everyone was gone. And Sam, now wasted, went to bed.
* * *
Two hours later, there was a knock at his door.
“I’m sleeping for fuck’s sake,” Sam shouted.
The door to the room opened. Sam sat up. The bed did a three-sixty. Damn… I’m looped.
Andrew, wearing a gray, wool overcoat, was staring down at him from the foot of the bed. “You are to wake this minute and finish cleaning this house.”
“I have a crew coming in at ten. They’re taking care of everything. Your staff doesn’t need to lift a finger.”
“Did you inform me of this outside crew? Who are they?”
“I don’t remember. I need to sleep.” Sam let his head land back onto his pillow.
“And there is an urgent matter at hand. A young straggler refuses to leave. I thought you might wish to advise this individual before the police arrive.”
“Are they passed out? Drunk?”
“Your friend is very sober.”
“Someone was sober at this party? Damn, the indignity.” In his T-shirt and boxer shorts, Sam swung his feet down onto the floor. “And where is this sober straggler who probably was at another party?”
“In the south parlor.”
“And where the hell is that?”
“I will take you.”
Sam got up, balanced himself by leaning back against the bed, and then followed Andrew.
When they got to the south parlor, Sam froze in his tracks. A beautiful young woman in a dark dress sat in an armchair, not noticing them. Her hair was done up. He moved closer.
“I will leave you to take care of this matter,” Andrew said.
The young woman looked up. Sam was still only in his T-shirt and boxers. The young woman wasn't smiling. Sam knew her.
“Michelle… you came to the party. I didn't know you were coming.” He sat in the armchair next to hers. “Did you just get here?”
“No. I've been here for a while.”
“You were at the party? You saw it?”
“Yes.”
“Wasn't it great?”
“Yes.” Michelle swallowed. “I'm embarrassed. It started raining outside and I took a purse that only had a little cash.”
“No problem. I'll go get some money.” Sam stood.
“I didn't want to leave. I've been sleeping for so long back at our house; I just didn't want to go back. I wasn’t tired...”
Sam turned to her. Michelle's eyes seem to be pleading. “I just didn't want to leave,” she reiterated.
Sam sat back down.
“You don't have to leave. Michelle, you don't have to leave here. Ever.”
Michelle searched his eyes. “What do you mean?”
“I'll have Galen set up a room for you. It'll be in a wing furthest from mine so you'll have complete privacy. The east wing maybe.”
“That's not what I meant.”
“For the time being, this is my house, and until you're ready, you should stay here. I'm getting Galen right now.”
“You’re not making sense. This is ridiculous.”
“I'll have the kitchen make you breakfast. I recommend the grilled cheese. You can take a cab later, after you've slept a bit, and grab some stuff, take it back here and set up shop for as long as you like.”
Sam began moving away.
“Thank you,” Michelle said. Sam halted for a moment, to hear her. “Thank you, Sam.”



Sunday, December 15

Sam woke with a start. From the clanging. Andrew still hasn’t dealt with those damn pipes. He reached for Russ. Russ wasn’t there. He focused his gaze on the bedside alarm clock. It was two in the afternoon.
In jeans and T-shirt, he strolled down the hallway. He heard scratching. “Russ?” he called. He then heard galloping. He turned around. Russ was hurtling toward him, his age a hindrance on his stride. “Where were you, boy? Were you hiding during the party? Sorry about that.” Sam crouched to pet him and Russ licked his hands. “Let’s find out where Galen put Michelle. I think you’ll like her.”
He still wasn't clear as to what had happened to Michelle Lowery at her house and why she didn't want to go back there but he'd let her explain when she was ready. He was just thrilled to have a guest now staying with him. An old friend who had dropped back into his life. An old friend he had always adored.
Sam walked onto the first floor. Russ followed. “Galen, are you around?”
In the vast emptiness, the lone sounds were Russ' panting and trotting. And from somewhere in the house, ahead in the distance, a constant scraping could also be heard. “This place is too big.” Sam kept moving. The scraping became louder. He turned a corner.
In the open ballroom, a cleaning crew of five was mopping and washing, all five wearing jeans and navy blue T-shirts. They stopped and looked up toward Sam and Russ. The house was silenced.
“Hi,” Sam said, waving. The crew nodded and went back to work. Sam looked down at Russ. “I need water.”
He entered the kitchen. There were two staff members, chatting while cleaning. “Hi,” Sam said. “I’m just getting a glass of water.”
“Let me get that for you.” It was Char, a middle-aged Mexican-American woman.
“Thank you.”
Char opened a stainless steel, industrial-sized refrigerator and produced a glass pitcher filled with water and oversized ice cubes. She poured a glass and handed it to Sam.
“Thanks Char.” Sam took a sip. “Anyone see Galen?”
“He left for the day.”
“Oh yeah, it’s Sunday.” He took another sip. “Anyone know where they put up my friend, Michelle?”
“The east wing,” Ronnie answered. He was African-American and in his twenties. “One of the guest rooms. Galen had us make her some tea a while back.” 
“So she’s up?”
“Yeah. We haven’t seen or heard from her since.”
“All right. Thanks. I’ll resume my search.” Sam started out, and then turned back. “Oh, and did my pal Ricky leave?”
“Yes,” Char answered. “He let the cleaning crew in and took off. He said he wasn’t feeling good and he wanted to be home to be sick.”
“He didn’t throw up on anything here, did he?”
“No.” Char looked concerned.
“He’s been known to do that.” Sam staggered out with Russ.
He continued down the first floor hallway, and then turned a corner. He kept on for a while until he found a staircase. “I think this is it,” he told Russ, climbing up. “You know what, I should move here. They probably don't have those damn banging pipes.”
He reached the top and he and Russ strode down the silent hallway. “I told her I’d be staying in the opposite wing. For privacy. You know what...” Sam halted in his tracks. “Maybe I shouldn’t bother her.”
He turned back toward his own wing.
* * *
For the rest of the afternoon, Sam sat with his notebook computer in Mistral’s study. He didn’t sit at the large oak desk; that was Mistral’s and one day soon, he'd return. Sam sat at a smaller desk and roamed Facebook. Ricky used Facebook Chat to send Sam links to all the pictures he was finding of last night’s party on Facebook itself. A wild night had been had by many at La Porte Grise. Of course, no one tagged their pictures with the house’s proper name, likely because no one there last night knew it; most just listed it as “Party Mansion”.
It was six when Sam had Char find Michelle and invite her to dinner for six-thirty. Sam went to his room and slipped into a nice pair of loafers but kept his jeans and T-shirt on. He scuttled down to the west dining room and sat near the head of the table, on the side, and gulped a glass of water which Char served him. Within minutes, Michelle appeared. She was wearing what looked like pressed khakis and a button-down, pink, oxford cloth shirt. Sam wondered how every girl he knew could pull their clothing out of bags and still have it look just ironed.
“You got your stuff. I’m so happy.”
Michelle sat across from him. “The room they put me in is amazing.”
“I’m glad you came back.”
“I’ll be out of your hair soon but this is nice, just to get away.”
“Whatever. You looked like you needed a getaway this morning. And this is the best getaway in town. You stay here as long as you need to.”
* * *
After dinner, Sam and Michelle sat in oversized, leather armchairs by the lit fireplace in the south parlor, each holding a glass of red wine.
 “I feel like I’m in another world,” Michelle said. “Far, far from Ferring. With an old, familiar friend.”
“I remember the very first time I saw you,” Sam said.
“Really?”
“Yeah. It was at the first high school dance I ever went to. It was the second week of freshman year, and Mister Badger, my history teacher, was in charge of the yearbook.”
“Mister Badger, oh my God, I haven’t heard that name in years.”
“He had this humoungoid thirty-five millimeter camera, like with film and a huge flash and everything. The kind of camera you’d only see in a John Hughes movie. Anyway, his flash was going off every five minutes. He was like this human disco strobe light.”
“That’s so funny. I wish I could remember that.”
“Anyway, he bent over, like on his knees, as if he was this action photographer on a fashion shoot, right in the middle of the dance floor. Kids were tripping over him, falling all over the place. His flash wasn’t going off now, and no one could see this middle-aged lump with the coke bottle glasses as he tried to get the perfect shot.”
Michelle laughed.
“He was like in deep concentration. And then suddenly his flash went off. I thought it made a sound even.”
“How can you remember all this?”
“His flash, it lit something up. For like a second. But it was so clear to me… what he had just taken a picture of. I kept staring at the spot in the dark as the real dance lights flickered everywhere...”
“What was it?”
“You… sitting on the floor, the dance lights showing you every few split seconds, too tired to get up, like you had danced everything you had in you away, and Trevor was there too, standing over you, being a goof dancing I guess. But I kept staring at you, thinking ‘Does she go to this school? Why haven’t I seen her before? She’s the most beautiful girl here tonight’.”
Michelle nodded, tears creating a thin sheen over her eyes. She remembered. “You know what that doofus Gavin Hugh said last night… about you being a big shot now, about you being a fraud and being pathetic, pretending you own this place.”
“You saw that?”
“I remember the first time I saw you too. I mean, the first time I really saw you. We had already met and I already knew who you were and that you were a bit of a goofball but I really didn’t know that much about you. Trevor and I were walking down the boardwalk, going to one of those summer Boardwalk Festival shows and you were there, walking around, selling these festival pins to people… just moving around, making people laugh.”
“That was my summer business. I made a small fortune on those pins.”
“You worked so hard. We kept seeing you there, every night, but you looked like you loved it. And I remember thinking ‘He’s the one. He’s the one that’ll leave us all behind, and be huge, and we’ll all say we knew him one day’. I knew it then. And every time I saw you afterward, you were working. Hard. You deserve. You deserve all of this. Gavin Hugh is just envious, because he’s known it all along too.”
Now it was Sam with a thin sheen covering his eyes.



Monday, December 16

In the morning, Sam went straight to the kitchen where Char had toast and coffee waiting for him. He wolfed down both and raced out. From the gray door, he sprinted to Ricky’s car, an aging Honda Accord, and they were off to New York City.
Sam was dressed in his best pair of khakis which looked a bit dressier than the norm and which he had dry-cleaned and pressed the day before. He was also wearing an ironed white shirt and a tie with diagonal navy blue and red stripes. He was ready to kill today. Ricky was wearing something similar.
“Are we good?” Sam asked.
“Couldn’t be better,” Ricky answered. “So what the hell is going on with Michelle Lowery? You never told me why she was at your house yesterday. I kept texting you but all you’d say is she’s just over for a bit.”
“She’s just borrowing a room. Something about it being crowded at her house or something.” That was a white lie. Truth was, Sam still had no clue as to why Michelle Lowery needed a place to stay, but she’d probably appreciate it if Sam didn’t go around telling people she had what looked to be a nervous breakdown at his party and she wouldn’t leave so he offered her a place to stay.
“You’re not telling me the whole story, are you?” Ricky ventured.
Sam smiled. “No.”
“All right. Well, did you two hook up?”
“No!” Sam said with indignation.
“Well, are you? Jesus, what’s going on?”
“I don’t know.”
“Do you want to get together with her?”
“She has a boyfriend. A serious boyfriend back in New York. She told me over dinner.”
“Were there candles and doilies at the dinner?”
“Doilies? What? We had pizza.”
“Red wine?”
“Yes.”
“Ah, shit. What is going on? Michelle Lowery is hot! I mean I haven’t seen her in years, but come on, she was so out of our league back in school, and she had this reputation, you know.”
“What reputation?”
“I mean, I don’t care what people say, but, she slept around. She may have cheated on Trevor Simms.”
“She never cheated on Trevor Simms. We were hanging around them near the end of them seeing each other, and no one cheated on anybody.”
“I know. But I remember after Trevor, she went on a date with Marcus Davies and everybody kept telling Marcus: ‘Marcus, you should be careful, man; she’s been around.’ Anyway, all those guys are jerks, so whatever. She was gorgeous, that’s all I know.”
“More so now.”
“Really?” Ricky uttered. “So tell me, are you at least going to try to get together with her? I mean, like romance her? You’re totally single now.”
“I don’t steal people away from other people. I've had it happen to me and it sucks. If someone’s seeing someone, I respect that. I don’t interfere. And she’s not into me.”
“Are you sure?”
“Listen, I’m cool with just being friends. She was so much fun back in high school, and a great friend then. You and me both lost touch with her and now she’s back. I think that’s cool all on its own.”
“Yeah. She was cool in high school. Even though she was hot. So I won’t hold it against her. So, is she walking around in her panties and lace and shit?”
“Why the hell would she be walking around in lace? And the place is huge. I’m probably not even going to see her some days.”
“All right. But she’s still hot, right? Maybe you’re lying to me and she’s ugly now. Is this the problem? Is this why you’re acting like a complete castrato over this?”
“She’s a friend. A good friend. I want her around.”
* * *
Michelle sat at her desk in the travel agency’s open office. Chelsea, her friend, short brown hair, small and plump, walked up behind her.
“What are you doing here, already?”
“I need to work,” Michelle replied. “And this kind of work is the best for forgetting things like worrying and stuff.”
“Are you sure?” Chelsea asked. “My dad wants you to be okay.”
“I’m fine.”
“All right.”
“You missed a great party last Saturday.”
“You went to that party? Are you sure you’re okay?”
“I’m fine. It was great to get out. And Sam Henderson is so sweet.”
“I hadn’t heard about him since high school and then he asked me to be his friend on Facebook last year.”
“You never see him around?” Michelle asked.
“No. I didn’t really know him in high school. He kind of kept to himself, didn’t he? Maybe he was a bit of a joker, I don’t remember.”
“A bit geeky, I guess. I just remember him as being really nice.”
“Who’d you see? At the party?”
“I saw Sandra Patel.”
“Yeah, I see her too sometimes. She still lives in Ferring.”
“And Trevor.”
“Trevor. Holy shit.” Chelsea sat in a chair.
“I know. It was okay… seeing him again. He was with this blonde girl.”
“Warren.”
“Yeah, Warren.”
“He met her at Stanford. She came back here to Ferring with him. They’re both articling at his father’s firm. He’ll probably end up at the firm himself.”
“So, I guess it’s serious this time. Between him and this girl.”
“Why? Do you still have feelings for him?”
“It’s been like eight years; I don’t think so. I was just curious. Seems like he’s changed. You know? Getting all serious with someone.”
“He always gets serious, parading around his latest, and then he tires of them and gets someone else. It’s been like that for years now with him. You know he works just down the street. You might bump into him sometimes, like at Shrug’s.”
“Not a big deal. I really don’t have feelings for him anymore. He was like my first love.”
“Exactly.”
Michelle smiled. “You’re reading into this.”
“Okay.”
“Chelsea, you know I have a new, amazing guy in my life now.”
“He’s amazing?” Chelsea asked, seeking confirmation, and at the same time sounding like she was longing for an amazing guy herself.
“Paulo is perfect. He’s nice, super intelligent—”
“And hot.”
“And that.”
“You always get the guy.”
“We should go out some time. I’m sure there are plenty of single guys in Ferring.”
“Super intelligent and hot? Here in Ferring? Please. You might get nice, and that’s being generous. I should go back to New York with you.”
“It’s the same everywhere. It’s just in New York, you risk Donald Trump looking for a new wife.”
“He’s looking?”
* * *
It was noon when Sam, holding a cardboard box, and Ricky walked through the front doors of the Manhattan high-rise which housed the headquarters of Big Buy Electronics. Upstairs, their coats were taken at reception and they were led by a young, tall, Eurasian male who wore body-hugging, designer dress pants and a black and white, argyle sweater vest over a white shirt and black tie. Sam, still carrying his cardboard box, felt unsophisticated with his Gap shirt and khakis. Am I in over my head here?
The male assistant opened a door to a meeting room where five suits – four men and one woman – stared at them from across a long table, bored, hungry and expecting a show.
“What you got?” one of them with a trimmed beard asked as the assistant left.
“We’re ZipItUp and—”
“We know who you are,” the woman interrupted. “You have less than three minutes.”
Three minutes? Sam thought. That can’t be right. He looked at Ricky and gave him a look as if he had just been told they were about to be decapitated. Ricky didn’t know about this, did he? Three minutes?
Three minutes to decide the fate of the new line of covers which Sam had worked day and night to produce for the last half year. His entire future was to be decided in what he said in the next second and he only had three minutes to do it.
Jesus, Sam thought, I’ve already blown half a minute here. He dropped the box to the floor, pulling a pink cover out. “Can I see your iPad?” he asked the woman. He advanced and seized the tablet computer off the table.
“I’m sorry?” the woman protested.
“I’m not signaling you out because you’re a woman,” Sam said. “My favorite color is pink. Everyone should own something pink. See how fast this slips on.”
Within a second, Sam had the tablet wrapped snug within the pink cover. “Now your iPad is shock resistant, water proof and…” Sam navigated the computer’s touch screen through the clear rubber, “ready for fun and function as always.” He placed the iPad back on the table, before the woman, with the gadget’s screen now displaying the bright colored website for ZipItUp. “And no one has the colors.”
Ricky was now tossing samples of covers for all kinds of portable electronic devices before the suits at the table. “No one,” Sam continued. “Drop your phone off a boat on vacation, and it floats right back up to the surface; BlackBerry falls out of your bag onto pavement, not a scratch. Wanna be safe, productive, cool, unique: zip it up.”
“Are you ready to ship?” the man in the beard asked. Another grabbed the woman’s iPad from her hands so he could feel the rubber.
“Today. We’re ready to supply Big Buy today,” Sam answered.
“Your price is good,” the woman said, looking over the papers of the man sitting beside her.
“We’ll call you,” the man in the beard said. “All right.”
The woman undid the cover off her iPad. “Keep it,” Sam said. “You’ll never take it off.”
Sam and Ricky, along with the rest of their things, were out the door.
At the elevator, Sam smiled at Ricky. “We got them.”
In the car ride home, Sam’s iPhone vibrated. He answered it. “We’ll take as much as we can get from you,” the man in the beard announced.
* * *
In the tenth floor lobby, Sam and Ricky stepped out of an elevator and Cass glanced up at them. She went back to typing, not acknowledging them.
“Hi,” Sam said.
“Hi,” she said, gazing back up for a brief moment, not smiling.
Ricky went ahead and unlocked their door. Sam stayed behind at the reception desk. “Do you want to go for a coffee on your break?”
“I’m kind of busy this afternoon. I’ve got a lot to type for Collins Insurance. They’ll pay me extra if I skip all breaks today to work on this.”
“Okay,” Sam said. “Good luck.” Is it weird that I feel she just brushed me off? he thought, heading toward his office. No, she’s just busy.
* * *
Michelle stepped out of the office building where she worked. Chelsea was staying behind to help her father but they had sent the entire staff home, on time, at five o’clock. She held the heavy glass door open for the person behind her. The man said thank you, and as Michelle turned back toward the wide sidewalk, she felt eyes on her. She scanned her surroundings.
The crowded town square was across the street with its naked trees in this dry, snowless winter. A large statue stood in its center, fixed atop a water fountain turned off for the season. It was of Benjamin Rannells, a founder of Ferring and a civil war hero. Rush hour pedestrians raced to their cars, and toward buses. She caught the back of a familiar silhouette moving away from the statue and fountain. He was holding a Shrug’s paper cup in one hand.
What is he doing here? His dad’s office is down the street. Was he just sitting by the fountain? Was he spying on me?
* * *
With twilight emerging in the sky above, Michelle unlocked the gray door in the trees and pushed it open. She couldn’t help but allow herself a moment to appreciate the beauty of the sprawling property and the commanding house beyond. It really is magnificent here. She closed the door behind her and walked onto the path which had just been salted. She looked up at the house. And its many windows. One window had a face.
“Hmmm…”
Someone was looking outside from one of the windows on the third or fourth floor. A dormer window. Michelle moved closer. Is that Char? It's a woman’s face, right? What is she looking at?
The woman was staring ahead, still as a photograph. As Michelle neared the house, she still couldn't make out her facial features. The woman's hair appeared to be dark, and short. Michelle had a chilling realization then: She's staring at me. Michelle marched faster. She had to know who this was. She had to put a name to that face. The whole thing was just too weird. Why is this stranger gawking at me? She eyed the surface of the path, for just a moment, and looked back up. The face was gone.
* * *
Inside their office, Sam and Ricky were both on the phone, scrambling to get as much product ready from the manufacturers so they could ship it to Big Buy.
“You never told me Michelle’s mother passed away last week,” Ricky told Sam.
“What?” Sam stopped what he was doing, placing the office phone back into its cradle. “What are you talking about? Her mom’s still in the hospital.”
“I was texting back and forth with Lou Raynes just now, and he was at Finney's Apple this past weekend and he saw Chelsea Sears who said Michelle is working at her family’s travel agency.”
“That’s right.”
“Well, she missed a whole week of work last week because her mother died.”
Sam stood there, saying nothing. That pseudo-breakdown Michelle had in the early hours of Sunday morning… He grabbed his iPhone from his front pocket and looked at the time. It was five-thirty in the afternoon. “I’ve got to go. I’ll come back tonight and finish everything.”
“I’ll be here.”
Sam filched his coat, bolting for the door.
* * *
Sam, in his winter coat and tie, barged into the house’s entrance. Russ galloped at him from a side hallway.
“Hey buddy.” Sam crouched down to pet him and look him in the eye. “You haven’t seen Michelle, have you?”
Andrew crossed the entrance toward another part of the house.
“Andrew, have you seen Michelle?”
Andrew stopped and stared at him. “Pardon?”
“Michelle? Have you seen Michelle?”
“The girl? No.” Andrew continued on his way, shaking his head in distaste.
Sam and Russ headed toward the kitchen where they found Char and Ashrif, the cook. “Guys, have you seen Michelle?”
“She’s on the east dining room balcony,” Char responded. “I just brought her a cup of tea. Would you like one?”
“I’m okay, thanks.”
Sam and Russ made their way to the east dining room and Sam pushed the balcony doors open. Michelle, in her winter coat, stood in the artificial light by the railing, taking a sip from a fine china tea cup.
She turned to him.
“You never told me,” he said.
“What?”
“That your mom… that your mother passed away.”
Michelle’s eyes softened.
“You never told me.”
“I didn’t want to have to remember. Anything. Sorry… I know that sounds weird.”
Sam paused, short of words, and then said, “Nothing from before can touch you here. It just can’t. Nothing.”
Michelle moved toward him and wrapped her arms around him. Sam put his arms around her. She believed him.
* * *
Sam and Michelle ate dinner in the west dining room again. This time they ordered chicken breasts in a mustard sauce.
“She was totally ignoring me today,” Sam said.
“Maybe you should just ask her why,” Michelle advised.
“Oh man, I can’t do that.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t know. I don’t want to come across as some kind of cry baby. Some overly sensitive boy-man.”
“But you’re wondering why she isn’t talking to you. That’s the truth. She needs to know that you think something’s weird and that you’d like to talk to her again.”
“Oh God, really?” This scared Sam. “Okay, I’ll try it tomorrow. I’ve got to run back to the office after this. Ricky and I have to pick up all our product so we can ship it out in the morning.”
“I hope you’re not staying for dinner on my account. I promise you, I’m okay.”
“Ricky’s picking me up in half an hour so I have plenty of time.”
“You know, before I forget, I have to tell you something. When I walked up the path toward the house tonight, I saw someone on the third or fourth floor, staring out a window at me. I couldn't make out the face or if they were male or female, but I have to say, it was kind of creepy.”
“And then what happened?”
“I looked away for a second, and when I looked back, they were gone.”
“Of course,” Sam said with a smile.
Michelle smiled back. “That's what I thought.”
“Probably the staff. They didn't have red hair, did they?”
“No, why?”
“Oh, nothing. You'll have to show me the window one day.”
“It's creepy, right? It's like they should have waved or something. Or come back to the window when I was closer and just acknowledged me. I just thought it was eerie.”
“This place is so huge, maybe there's a whole group of people living here that we don't know about.”
“Oh great, I won't be able to sleep tonight.”
“You should watch a movie when you’re done here.”
“I haven't seen one TV in this house.”
“Oh, we have our own movie theater here.”
“Okay, that's insane, but wonderful.”
“Isn’t this like summer camp, but at, like, the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan.”
“I'll never get used to this.”
“I am. It's kind of scaring me.”



Tuesday, December 17

As Sam entered the tenth floor, Cass looked up at him from the reception desk.
“You look exhausted,” she said.
“I had to come back in last night to pack our shipment.”
“Did you sell some of your covers?”
“Big Buy is carrying them starting Friday in some of their New York stores. They’re going to roll out our product line across the country in the next few weeks.”
“That’s amazing.”
“Listen, I have to tell you something. I’m kind of wondering if I did something wrong or something.”
“What?” Cass looked scared.
“You just haven’t really been talking to me, and you’ve been avoiding me. I don’t know, I…” Sam didn't know where to take this.
“I’ve just been really busy.” Cass sounded annoyed.
“I know. I know. Okay… Yeah, that’s all. That’s all I have right now. All right…”
Sam saw Ricky at the entrance to their office space, shaking his head, embarrassed for his friend. Sam reddened as he continued on his way.
“Just no talking, okay,” Sam whispered, passing Ricky. “Just nothing.”
“You’re making it worse with this loud whispering,” Ricky said under his breath. “She can hear you.”
“Jesus Christ,” Sam hissed back.
As soon as they were back in the office, Sam called Michelle on his mobile phone. “Can you talk? I can call you later. This isn’t urgent. Listen, I’m really sorry to be bugging you at work right now.”
Michelle smiled. “It’s fine,” she said, leaning back in her office chair. “What did you do?”
“I did what you said, with Cass, and it’s completely backfired. And Ricky said that I was someone to be pitied, or at least it felt that way, and Cass heard everything when I was whispering to Ricky after talking to her. It’s a complete motherfuckin’ disaster.”
“What happened? Actually, what did you say?”
“Okay, so I walk in and I say ‘Hey, why are you being so quiet lately and all that?’”
“You said ‘and all that’?”
“No, I think I asked if I did something wrong and why she’s been avoiding me.”
“Okay, that’s not so bad. And then what?”
“Then she looked all miffed and said she’s been really busy lately.”
“Okay, well, maybe she’s going through something right now that’s got nothing to do with how she feels about you. Maybe work is really hammering down on her at the moment.”
“So I’m not someone to be pitied, right? I mean, I still have a chance with her.”
“That’s not all that happened!” Ricky bellowed from his desk.
“What’s Ricky shouting?” Michelle asked.
“Nothing,” Sam replied.
Ricky continued. “He started stuttering about that’s all he had to say right now. He sounded like a complete psycho stalker.”
Michelle laughed at the other end.
“I wasn’t stuttering,” Sam said.
“It’s okay,” Michelle assured him.
“I’m just so nervous around her. She’s eff’ing hot. I mean that’s not the only reason I like her. Is it wrong? I mean, I don’t know.”
Ricky went back to work at his computer. “Heartbreaking,” he told himself, shaking his head.
“It’s all right,” Michelle said. “Girls think some guys are hot too.”
“Michelle, I am not shallow.”
“Okay.”
“Oh God, I am never going to talk to Cass again. Ever.”
“Don’t give up because of what just happened. This situation is salvageable. Just act normal around her. If you get all quiet and nervous, you might make things worse. She could start to think that you are strange.”
* * *
Sam walked back out to Cass’s desk. She was typing into her computer.
“Okay, we’re going to our warehouse space downstairs to ship everything out.”
“That’s great.”
“Okay. I think you’re fantastic and that’s something else I forgot to say before. Really fantastic. And not just because you’re a total hottie. That is not why I talk to you or why I’m trying to get to know you.”
“You’re getting weirder every day.”
“I just wanted to offload that.”
“Okay. Thanks.”
“I’d like to get to know you better.”
“I don’t want to get to know you better.”
“Okay, what the hell happened? You were all flirty at my party and now you’re as cold as Sharpay in High School Musical.”
“I’m not into you. I’m sorry.”
“I thought you had fun at my party.”
“I’m sorry if I sent you mixed messages. You’re not my type.”
“What is your type?”
Ricky hustled over, pushing Sam toward the elevators. “Okay, I’ve got to stop this.”
“Let me go.”
Ricky pushed him against the elevator. “I am going to euthanize you.”
The elevator doors opened and Ricky shoved Sam in. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me lately,” Sam said. “I can’t help myself.”
Cass shook her head to herself, hearing everything the boys were saying as the elevator doors shut.
“It’s okay,” Ricky could be heard saying. “I’m here for you. Let me cock this gun over here and you hold the end of this barrel to your temple.”
* * *
As they rode down the elevator, Sam continued his rant. “I don’t know what it is, ever since Patience left me, I’ve been a complete basket case.”
“It’s okay to be single for a while,” Ricky suggested.
“I wanted to be single for a while but you kept pushing me toward Cass.”
“I wanted to get you off Patience. You were pining for her, depressed and delusional that she’d one day want you back. You were hopeless, and you’re hopeless again now. I don’t know if this is about girls. This might just be about you.”
“What do you mean?”
“You just want someone so bad.”
“And is that wrong?”
“No. But you’re great. You’re an awesome guy with and without a girl. Just take it easy. And for now, screw Cass. I didn’t know this, but she’s a total idiot. I thought she’d jump at the chance to be with you.”
“I feel like I'm pinning the tail on the donkey and there's no donkey. And no tail. I'm blindfolded and people just keep spinning me round and round.”
Ricky was confused. “What?”
“Why did I even bother having a party?”
“This is a big world, Sam. It's huge. You wouldn't believe how many people you have yet to meet, and how many people who have waited their whole lives just to meet you.”
The elevator doors slid open. Sam was fearful that he might start crying. Damn, I'm so sensitive lately. “We should go out tonight,” he said, fleeing, “after the shipment’s done. Let’s just have some fun.”
“Hear, hear.”
* * *
At three in the afternoon, the boys were at Finney’s Apple, a pub near work, drinking beer and laughing about all their failed relationships. They met a flight attendant named Patty, who was there with Ulysses, a pilot.
“I wish I was a flight attendant,” Sam told them, a bit tipsy.
“What are you talking about?” Ricky asked.
“I love those trolleys that go up and down the aisle. You can go slow, or fast. You can lock the wheels so they don't go anywhere. And all the shit you can pull out those tiny things. It's never-ending. Virgin Bloody Marys, duty-free backpacks that say Saskatoon, hot rolls. What a life.”
“You're so fortunate,” Ricky added.
“And you get to see all these places,” Sam continued, “and go to all these different bars and meet all these cool people.”
“Yeah,” Patty said, unsure of how she and Ulysses ended up talking to these two. “I guess…”
Patty and Ulysses soon left.
“They’re totally banging,” Ricky said.
“And they’re probably cheating on their spouses but it’s still nice, you know,” Sam said. “For them, I mean. Not for me. Or for the people they’re lying to.”
“What the fuck are you talking about?”
“They got somebody. Those ass wipes got somebody.  And that’s fucking beautiful.”
The two of them moved to the outside patio.
“It’s freezing out here,” the waitress complained, a young girl of twenty who had just thrown on a coat to serve them.
The two sat on the edge of the patio, right by the low divider keeping them from the rest of the sidewalk. As people walked home from work, Sam stood, telling Ricky a story.
“And then I told her, no way!” he yelled, as Ricky hunched over, rolling with laughter. “Don’t you dare use my ass cheeks for that!”
Cass walked past at that moment, her coat collar up against the cold wind. Ricky fell over, unable to breathe, and Sam went to sit in a chair that wasn’t there, smashing down into the table and chairs behind him. “Oh God, that hurt.”
Cass shook her head to herself as she kept moving.
* * *
At ten to five, Michelle made her way from her work building and down the sidewalk toward the bus stop. She felt something. She turned. Across the street, in the town square, there was no familiar silhouette by the statue of Benjamin Rannells. Her gaze fell on a large Shrug’s paper cup left behind on the edge of the dry fountain. Steam rose from it, colliding with the biting, winter air.
Michelle’s gaze searched. She caught the back of a young man with dark blonde hair maneuvering against the rush hour crowd, his hands jammed inside his overcoat pockets. Michelle jettisoned with purpose across the street. In the town square, she was almost pushing people to get past. She reached out. Her hand clenched his arm. Trevor turned around.
“Are you spying on me?” Michelle asked.
“What? I was just walking to my car.”
“Bullshit.” Michelle caught her breath. “I caught you watching me yesterday. You were right by the square, but I came out a bit earlier today and I caught you by surprise and you had to leave your coffee behind.”
“I found out you were working for Chelsea’s father. I just wanted to see for myself.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know. Are you staying here? In Ferring?”
“What difference does it make?”
“We haven’t lived in the same place for almost seven years. It makes a difference.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know. It just does.”
“You have a girlfriend now. I have a boyfriend.”
“Who?”
“What? My boyfriend? He lives in New York, and I’m going back there soon.”
Trevor looked hurt. “You are?”
“Yes. I’m only in Ferring temporarily, to help sort out my mom’s stuff, and then I’m gone.”
“Okay.”
“Okay, goodbye.” Michelle turned in the opposite direction.
* * *
Fifteen minutes later, Michelle shut the gray door behind her and stepped through the forest. The wind felt hard against her cheeks as she began up the path toward the house. She wished she had worn a scarf today. She’d have to go back to her mother’s house to grab one. Maybe I should just buy one. She looked up at the house. Twilight captured the towering structure in a dream-like hue. And something other than the cold wind made her shiver. There, in the upper floor, dormer window was the face.
Michelle ran. She would solve this once and for all. She needed to see the human being that this face belonged to. But she was scared. Why am I frightened of a face in a window? There are plenty of people who work in that house.
She made sure to keep her stare on the face in the window at all times. The face and shoulders moved. I’m not imagining things, she thought. It’s an actual person. The face moved backward, as the person it must belong to stepped away from the window. The face was gone.
Michelle made it to the house’s main entrance, looking up at the window. It was empty, and the room was dark. The door opened, startling Michelle.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Galen said in the open doorway.
“It’s okay,” Michelle said. “Listen, I want to ask you something. Can you step out here for a minute?” Galen did as he was told. Michelle backed away, down the front steps.
“Up there,” she said, pointing up. “Do you see that window? Up high on the third floor, I think, or the attic. The dormer window.” Michelle was now on the circular driveway, still pointing. Galen followed and turned.
“Yes,” Galen said. “I see it now.”
“Where is that room?” Michelle asked. “Or what is that room? Can you show me where it is inside the house?”
“I’m not sure. Let me think. That's the fourth floor, actually. It could be the old kids' study. I’ve been here for two years and I still haven’t matched up all the windows with the rooms they belong to.”
“I saw a woman there yesterday and today, staring at me when I’ve come home from work. She has dark hair, or so it looked like she did. It could also be a man; I was far away. Do you know who I’m talking about?”
“On the fourth floor? I’m not sure anyone would be on the fourth floor this late in the day. All the cleaning is done in the morning, so as not to disturb Mister Beaugrand if he arrives early from work. No one should be on the fourth floor, unless they ran up to grab something, but just standing in the window, lingering, two days in a row, that’s unusual. Are you certain of what you saw?”
“I don’t think it was some kind of optical illusion. Not two days in a row. And tonight, I actually saw them move, and step back. They stepped back from the window. I think they were moving away because they realized that I saw them.”
“I’ll have to tell Andrew all this.”
“Okay, but in the meantime, would you mind showing me where this kids’ study is?”
“Not at all. Come with me.”
“Michelle, is that you?”
Michelle turned. She saw Sam stumbling up the path toward them. It was now dark outside.
“Galen too?” he said. “You guys having a barbeque or something?”
“Are you drunk?” Michelle asked.
Sam stopped before them, and made a sign for “little” using his right index finger and thumb. “I had a splash of beer. Just enough to keep my blood flowing in this nippy weather.”
“Whoa,” Michelle said, after being accosted by his breath. “Where were you? The North Pole?”
“Oh God, Michelle, that’s hilarious!” Sam hunched over to slap his knee. “Just hilarious!” He was being sincere.
“What is all this shouting?” Everyone looked up to see Andrew, in his gray wool overcoat, advancing on a different path; this one from his smaller house on the property. “It is the dinner hour and here you are, slobbering drunk, howling at the moon. Galen, get everyone back inside the house before the neighbors call the police.”
“What neighbors?” Sam asked, almost yelling.
“Sam,” Michelle said, in a calmer voice. “Let’s get inside. Maybe we can have dinner again together.”
“I'll notify the kitchen,” Galen added.
“Get in the house now,” Andrew said. “Or I’ll call the police myself.”
“Andrew, Andrew,” Sam said. “Fuckin’ chill, man. Maybe spray some Raid inside that ass. Smoke that bug out.”
“Sam, please,” Michelle said.
Sam, grinning, looked up into her face. He tightened his lips together, to keep from saying anything else, then sputtered, “Dinner would be great.”
“This way,” Galen said, gesturing toward the entrance.
“Come,” Michelle said, placing her arm inside Sam’s. “Let’s have a nice dinner.”
“A nice dinner,” Sam repeated.
* * *
Once inside, Galen took Sam’s arm with great care. He turned to Michelle. “I can get him ready for bed.”
Sam tumbled into him. “I’m not ready for bed.”
“That might be a good idea,” Michelle said.
“I thought we were having dinner,” Sam protested.
“I won’t have you pass out at the table in front of me. You’d be embarrassed after that.”
Sam looked into her eyes. “You’re right. I’d be avoiding you for weeks.”
“I don’t want you to avoid me for weeks.”
“Okay.”
“It was bad, today, with Cass, wasn’t it?”
“We were shipping out our biggest shipment. Ever. I should be ecstatic. But with Cass, with everything else, it was terrible. Just a terrible day.”
“I know.” Michelle ran her hand through Sam’s unruly hair. “Good night.”
Galen led Sam down the hall.
* * *
Outside the entrance to the west dining room, Michelle stopped Galen as he was making his way to the kitchen. “I’m still very interested in seeing the kids’ study on the fourth floor.”
“Follow me,” Galen said.
They made their way to the third floor and down a hallway with a high ceiling. Galen opened a door on their right. Michelle stared at the rest of the hallway. There didn’t appear to be any other door toward the south side of the house.
“What do you know about this study?” Michelle asked.
“It was Mister Beaugrand’s study and library many years before I came to work here, and it was his own father’s before that.”
“Why did he give it up?”
“Thirty years ago, or so, Mister Beaugrand had the house renovated and extensions were added. His study is now on the first floor, and much smaller. There’s La Porte Grise before the renovations and the new La Porte Grise afterward. When someone talks about this house, they’re usually careful to preface their discussion with “Before the renovations,” or “After the renovations”. Both versions of La Porte Grise are equally legendary in Washmore.”
Galen walked through the open doorway. “After the renovations, Mister Beaugrand told his children that they could make the old study their own and do to it what they wished.”
Michelle entered as Galen flipped a switch and the study was revealed by several shaded lamps. Books lined the walls up two stories to the ceiling, with a wood, steel and brass catwalk running the perimeter one story up. Four wooden desks, each with a wooden chair, were set up in various spots on the catwalk as were two leather, upholstered armchairs. A metal, spiral stairway led up to the higher level. On the main floor, armchairs and small tables were scattered about. A large fireplace took up a third of the wall on Michelle’s left.
“Wow.” Michelle put her hand to her mouth, as emotion rose to her eyes.
“I know.”
“I can’t even imagine growing up in a house with a room like this, with all these books.” This room is from a dream. To see it for real… that it really existed for these kids.
“It’s said that all four of Mister Beaugrand’s children loved to read and spent most of their time in this room, reading, doing homework and playing. It was a different era back then. No iPads.”
“It was a better era. Can you imagine playing hide and seek in here?”
“Romantic, I must say.”
“So where do you think the window is? It can’t be one of these?” Michelle neared one of the three large windows facing them. “They’re too big.” She peeked out into the evening sky. “Are there any windows on the wrap-around landing up there?” She pointed up to the catwalk.
“Yes. I think three smaller ones.”
Michelle made her way to the spiral stairway and stepped up, her shoes clanging against the metal. Galen followed.
She moved along the catwalk, passing the first desk. It was square and made of wood and metal; the type found in most classrooms in the nineteen-sixties and seventies with a hole for an inkwell near the right edge furthest away from the chair, and which you could lift the hinged top to store your books inside. Some pencil markings and writing remained on the wooden desktop, as did crude engravings. One was a carved heart with the inscription inside: “AB loves PF” and underneath those words “True Love”.
Michelle reached two small shelves of books standing perpendicular to the catwalk. Between them was a window. She examined it. Not a dormer window. She found two other similar windows along the catwalk.
“Out of luck?” Galen asked.
“Looks that way.” Michelle turned along the west wall which also had shelves of books running perpendicular to the catwalk’s path. She entered a small aisle which ended in books facing her from catwalk to ceiling. “Is there a room next to the study?”
“No, there’s nothing else on this side of the hallway.”
“There’s got to be more rooms this high up. Above the third floor.”
“I don’t know of any in this part of the house.”
“One sec.” Michelle closed in on a shelf and grabbed a large volume with a red cover. She moved away, returning toward the south wall and set the red book on the closest windowsill. “Tomorrow, when I leave for work, I’ll look up from outside and see this red book, and then I’ll know where we are with reference to the dormer window.”



Wednesday, December 18

In the morning, Michelle exited La Porte Grise, heading down the path toward the gray door. She turned to search upward. She discovered the red book leaning against a small window high up above the third floor. A chill shook her. The window was only fifteen feet from the dormer window. The mystery room was right next to the upper level of the kids’ study.
* * *
At ten in the morning, Sam walked out of the elevators facing Cass’s desk. Damn, I really wanted to come in earlier this morning so I wouldn’t have to face her.
This morning's hangover threatened to shove Sam onto a path of sobriety. His head felt like a screaming police siren.
He tiptoed, then broke into a sprint. He overshot the length of the trip, slamming into his glass office door, his keys dropping to the floor. He bent over, fumbling to pick them up.
Cass, sitting at reception, turned in her chair toward the commotion, as Sam turned the key in its lock and then stumbled headfirst into his office.
He picked himself off of the floor. “Dude,” he said, approaching Ricky who was passed out at his desk, “dude, wake up. Did we make, like, total fools out of ourselves last night?”
Someone knocked on the glass door. Ricky sat up, awakened. Sam fell back, swinging his arms. His hand clutched the printer cord, pulling the laser printer on top of him.
“Ouch!” he yelped.
“What the fuck was that?” Ricky exclaimed, looking left to right.
Cass entered their office. “Hi,” she said.
Sam lay sprawled on his back with the printer on his chest. “Jesus Christ, I’m in so much pain!”
“Sam?” Cass said. “Can I talk to you?”
“Sure, sure.” Sam turned to Ricky. “Ricky, please.”
Ricky nodded and headed toward the door.
“What’s up?” Sam said, attempting to get the printer back on the table. Ricky shut the door behind him. Sam, still not having recouped his sense of balance, dropped the printer. It smashed on the floor, pieces of it breaking off. “Oh, for fuck’s sake.” He leaned down to grab it.
“I had a good time too,” Cass said.
“You know what,” Sam said, exasperated. “We’re just going to handwrite everything around here. Fuck this printer.” He put the printer on the table and attempted to reconfigure the broken pieces onto it. “Like in the old days. Use a pen again. We’ll write all our paperwork using calligraphy and shit. Real classy writing, you know? Big swirls on my S's. Huge circles for dots over my I's.”
“Sam, I had a good time,” Cass repeated.
Sam turned to her. “What?”
“At your party. I had a good time too.”
“Yeah?”
Cass nodded. “Yeah.”
“Then why did you act like you didn’t?”
“I… I found out Monday morning, on Facebook of course, that my ex is engaged. To be married.”
“To be married, whoa.”
“Yeah.”
Sam leaned back against the desk. “What happened to you two?” Sam’s eyes couldn’t focus on her; he was that hungover. He tried to look concerned, but he was certain just then that he might be looking up into Cass’ face with crossed eyes. He could see two of her.
 “I’m not sure what happened. We went out all through our undergraduate years.”
Sam, with crossed eyes, gestured toward Ricky’s empty chair. “Please, sit.”
Cass sat down. “And we lived together for two years after that. He had this great job in New York City, but I wasn’t working or going to school, and I was lonely and one day this past August, he came home and told me he didn’t love me anymore.”
“Damn.” Sam widened his eyes, in a futile attempt to see straight.
“I called my mom, and she told me to come straight home, even though I had just been accepted into the Master’s Program for Psychology at Columbia. I deferred while I took a breather, and my father got himself transferred here last year. He’s from Ferring originally.”
“Can I take you out to dinner? Tonight? Friday night?”
“How about Thursday night?”
“Thursday night it is.”
Cass was only gone for a second when Ricky came barging in.
“What the hell!” he exclaimed. “What the hell happened?”
Sam scooped him up high in the air, and twirled him around and around.
“What the hell happened?” Ricky repeated.
Sam lost his balance and fell sideways, both of them landing onto the table. It collapsed, crashing to the floor, along with the printer which slammed into Sam’s back – as Cass stepped back in. The boys still had their arms around each other. “That fuckin’ hurt!” Sam yelled.
“I forgot my pen,” Cass said.
The boys looked up as she grabbed her pen from the floor, next to the smashed table.
“Cass,” Sam said, still down and entangled with Ricky. “Don't forget. Thursday night, right?”
“I'll see you then,” she replied, leaving.
“You know you will,” Sam added, as Ricky vomited on the floor.
* * *
Chelsea stopped by Michelle’s desk after lunch. “Let’s go out for a drink after work,” she suggested.
“Okay.” Michelle smiled. “That sounds good.”
At ten to five they went down to Finney’s Apple, a pub that had been in Ferring for about as long as both young ladies could remember. They sat in the back and each ordered a glass of chardonnay.
“Should we order something to eat?” Chelsea asked.
“Yes. I’m starving. I’ll be right back. I need to use the bathroom.”
When Michelle returned, she spotted a small group of men in suits sitting at the front, and to her unnerving realization, Trevor was among them.
“I know,” Chelsea said as Michelle sat back down. “Do you want to go? I can just pay the bill.”
“It’s fine. It’s a tiny town and this is the only street in the business section. We’re bound to cross paths now and then.”
“All right.”
“I won’t acknowledge him and hopefully he’ll do the same, or he just won’t even realize I’m here.”
“Okay. You don’t feel uncomfortable?”
“No, I’m fine.”
Pitchers of beer arrived at the men’s table. The girls ordered some tapas to eat. The place pulsed with people in business attire, done with work for the day.
The table at the front grew louder and louder.
The girls chatted about Michelle’s time in New York as Finney’s Apple filled up.
“Is it like this every night in here?” Michelle asked.
“I’m not sure,” Chelsea answered. “I haven’t been here for ages.”
Sandra Patel appeared behind Chelsea. “Hey. It’s crazy in here tonight.”
“Yeah,” Michelle said. “It’s just nuts.”
“It’s five dollar pitcher Wednesday,” Sandra informed them.
“Well, that explains it. Sandra, join us. You remember Chelsea.”
“Yes, of course. Hi Chelsea.”
“Hi,” Chelsea greeted.
“I have some friends here,” Sandra said.
“Let’s all sit together,” Michelle suggested. She let herself relax and enjoy the other girls’ company. At eight-thirty, she stood. “I have to go. I can’t stay out too late. I won’t be able to get up in the morning.”
“Okay,” Chelsea said. “Do you want to split a cab?”
“No. I need some fresh air.”
“Be careful walking out there all alone,” Sandra said.
“I’ll be fine. See you guys later.” Michelle pushed her way through the crowded bar. Trevor was nowhere in sight. She breathed a sigh of relief. She made it outside.
It was snowing. Big flakes. The first snowfall of the year. Not much, but enough to take your breath away. Michelle would have never guessed after this balmy day that it would snow. She could also see the air she exhaled transform into small puffs of clouds. The door opened behind her. She turned. A couple was leaving the pub.
Michelle headed toward the bus stop.
“Can you believe this snow?”
She turned again. Trevor was standing at the entrance to the bar, his hands in his suit jacket pockets, his tie loosened and the top button of his shirt undone.
“No,” she answered. “While I was inside, outside the whole world changed, and no one inside knows yet.”
“It’ll be our secret,” Trevor said, grinning.
Michelle couldn’t help herself; she grinned back. “You took me out of that high school dance to kiss me that night. You took me out so Jody Wright wouldn’t see.”
“The ex,” Trevor said.
“What got me was that you didn’t want her to know. Even though you’d been broken up for months, you didn’t want to hurt her.”
“I was a real class act.”
“And it was Halloween, but for some reason—”
Trevor finished her sentence for her. “It was snowing.”
Michelle smiled, as a chill threatened to mist her eyes. They said nothing for a moment.
“Why didn’t I kiss you that summer?” Trevor asked.
“You tell me?” Michelle replied.
“We were all so good at playing confident and self-assured. We all had no clue what we were doing.”
“Wow… that sounds like now.”
Trevor smiled. “Maybe. Or maybe now, we’re just too tired to keep up the charade to ourselves.”
“You could be so brave. I never met anyone like you. I thought you were this new kind of person that no one ever knew before. That had never been alive before. And I had you all to myself.”
“The reason I didn’t kiss you the summer we met is because I was scared. I wasn’t so sure someone who didn’t give a crap about what other people thought would want to have anything to do with someone who obviously did.”
“We were from different worlds. Yours just seemed so much brighter. You were the yachting instructor at the yacht club for Christ’s sake.”
“And you were my little student,” Trevor said, still grinning.
“My mother wanted me out of the house. She used to say she lived in Ferring her whole life and never took advantage of the fact that we live on the water. She just wanted me in one of those sailboats we saw every day on the river on our drive back from town.”
“She’s to blame, I guess… for us meeting.”
 “The girl who made her own goth summer clothes to sail in. What the hell did you see in me?”
“Listen, those little black skirts and shorts were hot.”
“You were the prince and I was the slut. Everyone always wondered why you were with me.”
Trevor took a step back, staggered to hear her say those words. “You were never a slut.”
“It didn't matter what I was. That’s what people said about me. It's how they saw me.”
“It didn't matter what anyone said about you.”
“Really?” Michelle’s stare filled with hurt.
“You know how I felt about you. You know.”
“I have to get going.” Michelle began to move away. “I have to work in the morning.”
“Can I drive you?”
“I’m fine.”
Michelle walked, feeling small as snowflakes flickered in the street lights.



Thursday, December 19

At six in the morning, Sam entered his office and went straight to work. His manufacturers were waiting to hear if he needed another large order. Sam had to make sure first that his product was selling, and that he could pay his bills. All his manufacturers knew that he was good for the money. He always paid all his manufacturing bills within thirty days. His heart raced. His business was growing. It was all happening.
He had read of a new model of Nokia phone coming out, and he went to work designing new covers. He prayed he could get his hands on the Nokia in the next few days. The hours zipped past. When six in the evening rolled around, his heart pounded even faster. Tonight was the night he and Cass would have their first date.
She was still in the office when he approached her desk. “Pick you up at seven thirty?”
“All right.”
He attempted to sound low-key but inside he was bursting with joy. He had not been out with a girl since Patience had broken his heart. He was thrilled to be out on the town again. Thrilled to like a girl again. Another girl. A girl other than Patience. Tonight was helping him forget that there had ever been a Patience Streeter.
* * *
Michelle arrived from work with a mission. She would unearth the room the dormer window belonged to. She opened the gray door in the trees and walked onto the path. She looked up at the window. No one was looking back. She breathed easier. Just the thought of the mysterious face was goose bump inducing. She heard the gray door opening behind her. She spun around. Sam hurried toward her.
“I just borrowed Ricky’s car,” he informed her. “I could have picked you after work. Sorry, I should have called you.”
“That’s fine. Are you in a rush?”
Sam was now walking beside her. “No, I just have to shower and make sure one of my shirts is ironed.”
“Are you going out?”
“Yeah. I have a date with Cass.”
“That’s terrific. Listen, I’m sure your shirt is already ironed in there. They already took my laundry and ironed it and everything. I didn’t tell anybody to do it. They just did.”
“They’re so awesome here.”
“Snow all melted I guess.”
“We should decorate for Christmas.”
“Oh God.”
“We should light the whole place up.”
“Really? Or we could hide from Christmas. What do you say?”
Sam stopped walking. “You don’t like Christmas?”
Michelle stopped as well. “Not really. I’m sorry. It’s your place. Christmas your heart out.”
Michelle continued forward.
Sam followed. “What is it about Christmas that you don’t like?”
“I don’t know exactly. All the time I lived in the city, I just didn’t do anything on the day. No pressure, no nothing. Never had to buy anybody anything. Never had to worry about finding the perfect gift.”
“Really? That’s it. That’s why you don’t like Christmas?”
“I didn’t say I didn’t like Christmas. I just choose to avoid it. Altogether.”
“What happened?” Sam asked, smiling. “Really? Come on. Tell me.”
“You know, when you’re a kid and Christmas means everything? Like everything?”
“It still does.”
“And it’s magical, and the lights are so bright, so colorful. Downtown looks amazing. People on our street decorating their front lawns.”
“I love it.”
“And then the day would arrive. And every year I was let down. Maybe not so much at first, but as the years went on, it just wasn’t as special as I thought it would be. As I wanted it to be. My dad, even before he and my mom split up, he was okay. But my mom. My mom just looked so miserable Christmas morning, in her bathrobe, smoking her cigarette, looking down at Joey and me, running around with our new toys, and her shaking her head, saying we were spoiled. She looked like she was disgusted with us.”
Michelle swallowed. She had never explained it like this before. It was as if she was discovering all this herself now. She stopped herself for a moment.
“I felt ashamed,” she added.
She turned to Sam to apologize. His eyes were glassy. She looked away, pretending not to have noticed. “What were your Christmases like… when you were a kid?”
“I never… I don’t really know. I guess my mom was fine. She never overdid it. She was a single mom.”
“I didn’t know that. Where was your dad?”
“Never met him. She kicked him out.”
“Why? Did he cheat?”
“She said he hurt us. Me and my little brother.”
“Sam… I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay. I don’t remember. She couldn’t take it after a while, and she threw all his stuff out. Told him to take a hike or she’d have him thrown in jail.”
“I like your mom. I wish I could meet her.”
“She doesn’t take any crap. From no one. Don’t tell anyone, okay? About… my father…”
“Of course not.”
“I’ve never even told Ricky, about why my dad was never in the picture.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t know. I just never told him. I guess… I felt ashamed too.”
They stood before the front door.
“Sam… put your decorations up. I’ll help you.”
“You know what,” Sam said, smiling, “we’re safe here.” He gestured away from the house. “They can have their damn, miserable Christmas out there. We’ll shut the fucking thing out.”
Michelle smiled back. The door opened. It was Galen.
“Good evening,” he greeted.
* * *
Sam picked up Cass at her parents’ house just outside of Washmore. It was a well-kept, two-story home in the affluent neighborhood of Changewell. As Sam pulled in front of her house in Ricky’s old Honda Accord, Cass hastened in a black dress and matching purse. She shut the door as she slid into the passenger seat.
“It’s better this way,” she said, smiling at him. “My sisters would just gawk at you, and I’m not ready for that yet.”
“I wouldn’t care.”
“Trust me. It’s better this way. Drive.”
Sam had reservations at Baker’s Fish Market. In the daytime, Baker’s Fish Market sold fish, but in the evening, the dining room opened, revealing a chic restaurant with an adjoining patio overlooking the wide Ferring River which went out to Lake Ontario. It was too cold in the season to eat outside, but inside the elegant dining room was brimming with couples and friends.
“Big Buy starts selling our stuff tomorrow,” Sam said as they were seated at their table.
“Already, huh,” Cass said. “That’s fantastic. It’s so fast.”
“Everything right now is moving really fast. But it took us a while to get here.”
“Your parents must be so proud.”
“My mom has no clue what these covers are for. She’s like, ‘Why do you also need to buy a cover for it after you bought something? It’s ridiculous. I’ve never bought a cover for our home phone, or the TV. Next, you’ll have to buy a cover for your damn car just to drive it around.’”
“She’s got a point.”
“I know. She hates bullshit.”
“Doesn’t she know you’re going to get rich off of this?”
“No, she just thinks we’re all dressing up our toys like they’re little dolls.”
“That’s hilarious.”
“She keeps telling me I’m going to lose my shirt. I stopped telling her about the loans I was making to grow the business. The amount of money I was spending was freaking her out and every time I saw her she sounded more and more hysterical, thinking the banks were going to send me to jail or something.”
“Really?”
“And she’s kind of right. I’m completely broke right now. I’ve spent everything.”
“You’re not broke. You’re about to become a very rich man.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
“Is there anyone at your place tonight?”
“Michelle, my friend; she lives in the house with me.” Sam wasn’t sure what Cass was getting at.
“Who’s Michelle?”
“She’s an old friend. She needed a place to stay. She lives in the east wing.”
Cass raised an eyebrow. “The east wing, huh?”
“It’s a big house.”
“Yeah, I remember. Why don’t we just go there? Like right now.”
“We haven’t ordered anything.”
“I’m not hungry.”
“Uh… All right… Let’s go then.”
In the car, on the way to the house, Cass said nothing.
* * *
Michelle stepped up the spiral stairway to the upper level of the kids’ study. She moved down the catwalk, and turned along the west wall, searching for an entrance into the room that must be next door, the room belonging to the dormer window.
She entered the first aisle of shelves which ran perpendicular to the catwalk’s west wall path and reached the wall shelf at the end. She touched it with her fingertips. Perhaps it swung open, like those secret doorways you see in old movies. She pressed along the edges. No such luck. She grabbed two books off the shelf, revealing the off-white wall beyond. She replaced the books, backed out of the aisle and entered the next one. She reached the west wall, repeated her search for a secret button to swing open the shelf, and then removed books to see the wall beyond. She saw a dark brown, wood trim. Michelle’s breathing ceased. Holy shit! A fucking door…
She wanted to rip the volumes off the shelf, but she adored books too much. She plucked them two and three at a time and placed them in piles on the floor, her breathing hastening. Soon, a complete, dark brown, wood trim was revealed. A door stood before her, but with no doorknob, and with empty shelves running across it, blocking it. She pushed against it. It wouldn’t budge. She’d have to ask Galen about this, or even Andrew. She had found the doorway into the room next door.
She left the books on the floor, walking away. She needed to calm her breathing, calm her wanting. Her wanting to have that door open. She stopped. She had the strangest idea. She re-approached the doorway, and reached her right hand through the shelving. And knocked.
She waited. The silence that followed petrified her. What if something knocks back? Or the door’s pulled open from someone on the other side?
Nothing happened.
Michelle turned away. Tomorrow, I’ll show the staff. I need an explanation. What the hell’s on the other side?
* * *
“I called to make sure someone stayed behind so we can have a bite to eat,” Sam said as he and Cass entered the house.
A few dim lights were on in the open, stainless steel kitchen; a kitchen large enough for a bustling restaurant. 
“Hi,” Char said.
Cass jumped a bit, as Char stood from a small table in the corner. On the table was a paperback Harlequin romance. “Can I prepare something for you?”
“Hi Char,” Sam greeted. “This is my friend, Cass. Cass this is Char.”
“What would you two like to eat?”
“Cass?” Sam asked. “What are you in the mood for?”
“I’m not sure I’m hungry,” Cass responded.
“Char, I don’t think we’ll have anything.”
“Is there somewhere we could just hang out?” Cass asked Sam. She seemed uncomfortable, like she had just been caught by Char doing something she shouldn’t.
 “There’s this cool outdoor patio that’s partly covered and heated,” Sam said as they entered another hallway. “It’s insane. You’ll really like it.”
They stepped out onto a café-sized patio lit with a faint glow. Four round tables with chairs and empty holes for umbrellas were scattered about and a Jacuzzi, covered by a square padded block, buzzed and bubbled.
“Let’s sit.” Sam gestured toward a table. “Maybe I can get them to bring us out a bottle of wine.”
Cass sat at the table. “Is that thing on?” she asked, pointing to the covered Jacuzzi.
“Yeah. It’s awesome. But once you get out from under this covering, the air can get a little cold.”
“Can we get in?”
Sam blushed. This is turning out to be a strange but awesomely exciting date. “Yeah, I don’t see why not. I’ll see if we have something you can wear in there.”
“Let’s just get in in our underwear.”
Sam was stuttering. “All… all right…” He undid his dark khakis, but Cass wasn’t standing yet. He sat down, but now Cass was standing so he shot back up.
Cass unbuttoned her shirt and pulled it off her shoulders, revealing a nude colored bra. Sam looked down so as not to stare. He unbuttoned his own shirt and pulled down his pants. He was aghast that Cass might see the outline of his hard penis through his fitted Calvin Klein boxer shorts. Shit, I should have lifted up the Jacuzzi’s cover before I stripped down so she wouldn’t see… this. God, she must think I’m such a pervert. But she started this…
“Here,” he said. “Let me just lift the cover.”
Cass looked up. “Okay.”
Sam saw her flimsy, nude colored panties. Oh God. She just saw my hard-on. Oh God, how embarrassing.
He approached the cover’s metal bar handle. The arctic wind whipped against his body, making him shiver. He grabbed onto the bar, lifting the cover and pushing it off the tub.
He jumped in. He heard Cass go in as well.
“Oh,” she cooed. “This is so nice and hot.”
Sam felt two soft hands go up his chest. He turned and Cass’ lips met his. Her mouth opened. His hand went to her torso, making their way to her back.
“What is going on here?”
Cass shuddered, and pushed away.
Andrew, wearing his gray wool coat over navy colored pajamas, stared down at them, standing on the deck.
“What are you doing out here?” Sam asked, as he and Cass sank deeper into the water for cover.
“This estate is not your flophouse,” Andrew said. “Having friends come and go, fornicating out of doors. I am calling the lawyers in the morning. This has gone on long enough. Get out of there.”
“Leave and we’ll decide when we’ll get out.”
“This was your death knell. Now I’ll have you out of here in no time. You’ve just made a grave error in judgment.” Andrew turned on his heel and disappeared into the cold dark.
Cass shot out, covering herself with her loose clothing.
“I’m sorry about that,” Sam said.
“It’s fine. I should go home.”
“I’ll drive you.”
“No, it’s fine. I’ll take a cab.”
Sam was out of the water behind her. “I’m totally sorry. Please let me drive you.”
“I’m fine. Just show me how to get out.”



Friday, December 20

Sam was in the office early. This was the morning ZipItUp products were dropping onto Big Buy shelves. He came out to see Cass when he knew she’d be settled in. He made his way around her reception desk. “Hey, I’m really sorry about what happened last night.”
Cass looked up, emotionless. “It’s fine. Don’t worry about it.”
“Are you okay?”
Cass’s eyes widened like she had just been offended. “Yeah, why?”
“Okay, as long as everything’s okay.” Sam was giving up for the morning. “I’ll see you later.”
Ricky stepped off the elevator. “Today’s the day,” he announced.
Sam smiled. He was glad to see a friendly face. “Yeah. We may have to celebrate tonight.”
“Hi Cass,” Ricky said.
“Hi,” Cass answered, in a monotone.
Ricky was now past Cass’s view. He mouthed to Sam, “What the fuck’s wrong with her?”
Sam shrugged.
Once inside their offices, Ricky turned to Sam. “So, how’d the date go last night?”
“It went okay. She didn’t talk much. I think she’s still kind of sad about her breakup with her boyfriend. And I think everyone is just jumping into something too soon.”
“It’s still okay just to have fun.”
“Yeah, but maybe we’re both not ready to even consider a romantic partner or whatever right now.”
“Dude, just take it easy. Do you like her?”
“Yeah. I like her a lot. Even when she’s the Queen of Narnia out there.”
“What the fuck did you do to her last night?”
“Nothing. I don’t know. We kind of fooled around at the house.”
Ricky flopped down into his office chair, elated. “Awesome.”
“I wasn’t going to tell you but it just seems unfair to Cass not to tell you the whole story.”
“So what happened?”
“Andrew caught us in the hot tub.”
“She was in the fucking hot tub? Good God! Naked?”
“In her bra and panties.”
“That’s even hotter. Especially when you say it out loud: bra and panties. That’s so freaking hot. And it was wet, see-through bra and panties, right? Oh my God.”
Sam was nodding. “Yeah, really hot. And then Andrew came out and yelled at us like we were these teenagers who just broke into someone’s house.”
“That fuckin’ Andrew. Did he get to see the wet bra and panties?”
“No.”
“Still, he’s an asshole.”
* * *
Ricky checked all the Big Buy New York locations online. By noon, all listed the ZipItUp iPad covers out of stock.
“Can you believe it?” Ricky asked.
“I don’t know,” Sam answered, feeling somewhat disoriented. “It’s awesome.”
By three pm, all their iPhone covers were gone from Big Buy stock. The phone rang.
“Hi,” a voice said at the other end. “My name is Peter Trinkler from Apple. We talked a few weeks ago.”
“I remember,” Sam said.
“We’re interested in carrying your covers in our stores. Do you have any left?”
“I’m getting a new shipment next week. I’ll send some your way.” Sam talked some more and hung up. He smiled at Ricky. “Apple wants the covers now too.”
“You’re rich, my friend.”
By five, all their Apple covers available on their own ZipItUp website were sold out. And sales for covers for other product brands were at a fever pitch. People had posted videos of their products on YouTube before, but by ten that evening, over one hundred new videos were posted.
Sam and Ricky were still in the office at eleven pm when the Sundance Film Festival called.
“We’re just returning your call,” some representative said at the other end. Sam had called them many times in the past few weeks, but was never able to get someone to talk to him. “We’re very interested in carrying your iPad covers for our swag bags.”
When the call was over, Sam turned to Ricky, white as a ghost. “We’ll get all kinds of media coverage from this, and then if someone like Lady Gaga carries her iPad in a ZipItUp cover, and there’s a picture out there, we’ll never stop selling.”
Ricky grinned. “This has always been your forte. Your whole life. Selling.”
“Nothing gets my heart pumping this fast.”



Saturday, December 21

Sam visited all the manufacturers who were working overtime to get his next shipment ready. Heavy snow had fallen overnight, slowing all forms of transportation. When he arrived home at two in the afternoon, Russ came to greet him at the door, tail wagging.
“Hey buddy,” Sam said. “Boy, am I glad to see you. I missed you this morning.”
Sam and Russ found Michelle sitting in the kitchen, getting a cup of chamomile tea from Char.
“Hi,” Michelle greeted. “Can you believe the snow out there?”
“Bring that tea with you,” Sam said. “I want to show you something. I found it snooping around the house last week before you moved in. That’s if you’re not busy.”
“No,” Michelle said, being careful with her cup of tea.
“Char,” Sam said. “I’ll have a tea too.”
* * *
Sam and Russ led Michelle down the hallway.
“I couldn’t sleep one morning because these damn pipes above my room keep banging. Most mornings, I can sleep through it but on this particular morning, I don’t know, it just seemed louder.”
“My room is quiet as a mouse.”
“You’re lucky. Anyway, on that morning, the sun wasn’t out yet, and I was roaming about with Russ here with me.” Sam stopped by a small half moon table with a potted plant. “And I found this.”
He moved the table a few feet, ran his hand down the wall and pushed. A door popped out of the wall, opening.
“How did you find that?” Michelle asked, as a chill ran down her body. Maybe this leads to the room with the dormer window.
“Russ kept sniffing and pawing at the wall. That’s when I noticed the wall move. I pushed on it like I did just now, and it opened.”
Michelle looked up at the ceiling. They were deep in the west wing; the fourth floor didn't reach here. We’re not exactly below the kids’ study.
Sam pulled open the door, revealing a narrow stairway leading up. “After you,” he said, gesturing.
Michelle climbed the creaky wooden steps. They made it to another doorway with an old latch which needed to be lifted up.
“Go on,” Sam said. “Open it.”
Michelle did, pushing it open, and revealed a small room with an aging hardwood floor, a curved wall, upholstered armchairs, two rocking chairs, a throw rug and a couch set up against a large window which overlooked a part of the property she had never seen before: snow covered hills and white treetops. She held her breath. “It’s inspiring,” she said, sitting on the couch.
Sam sat beside her with his tea. “The morning I discovered it, it was raining. I couldn’t believe what I had found. This is some kind of tower attached to the house.”
Michelle smiled at Sam. “What are we going to do when we have to leave this place?”
“I don’t know if I ever want to leave this place. And it’s not just being served on, or all the toys to play with. It’s the feeling. The feeling here. And even with Andrew turning his nose up at me, or those banging pipes, I’ve never felt this at home.”
Michelle reached out and clasped his hand, sending a jolt right to Sam’s heart. “Me too,” she said.
“Then you don’t ever have to leave. Not while I’m here.”
They looked out at the white landscape.
“Sometimes I’m scared,” Michelle admitted, “of what will happen when I have to move on.”
“Don’t think about it.”
“Aren’t you?”
“Not at all.”
“What scares you?”
“I don’t know. Weird stuff I guess. Like being stuck in a fire and burning.”
“Whoa,” Michelle said. “That is scary. What made you think of that?”
“I don’t know. I just think that would be the scariest thing.”
“But what else? Something real.”
“That is real. I’m also scared of being buried in snow, in the Antarctic, and I’m freezing and no one knows I’m there. No one can find me. No one can help me. And I’m freezing for days and it’s hurting really, really bad. That’s fucking scary.”
“What scares you the most? The fire or the cold.”
“Maybe with the fire, I could die right there and be done with it, you know? But being buried in snow and ice – that could last for hours… for days… Not being able to move even just a little. That just sounds awful.”
“That does sound awful.”
“What scares you?” Sam asked.
“Making a bad choice. Someone I love getting hurt. I’m scared of hurting people.” Michelle squeezed Sam’s hand.
“That’s a good one.”
They stayed quiet as they looked out the window and sipped their tea, holding hands.
“It’s beautiful here,” Michelle said, breaking the silence. “Why would anyone ever leave?”
* * *
Michelle spent some of the late afternoon running her hands along the wall in the hallway just outside the entrance to the kids’ study, looking for a hidden doorway just like the one which led up to the secret tower room. The night, at dinner in the west dining room, she asked Sam, “Do you think Andrew could tell us how to get into that room beside the kids’ study?”
“I hate talking to that guy, but we should find out. Maybe he has a layout of the house, or a floor plan or something.”



Monday, December 23

On his way to work, Sam saw Andrew just inside the entrance, talking to Galen. “Hi,” Sam said.
“Hello,” Andrew responded, irritated that Sam had just interrupted his conversation.
“I’m glad I bumped into you.”
“Lucky me.”
“Is there a floor plan for the house?” Sam asked.
“And why would you need a floor plan to a house you have no business being in?”
“Do you have one?”
“I’m sure one exists, but you are not at liberty to access just any information your fickle mind craves. What would cause you to have need of a floor plan? Are you planning to invade?”
“There’s a window, with the pointy roof thing, overlooking the entrance of the house. I just want to know what room it belongs to.”
“You can’t just go scavenging about this house. This is not your property to do with as you please.”
“Do you know what window I’m talking about?”
“I do,” Galen said, speaking up. “It’s the window Miss Lowery has been asking about.”
“And what window is that?” Andrew asked, annoyed.
“The dormer window above the entrance,” Galen said.
“I know that room,” Andrew said, as Michelle, ready for work, stepped into the entrance from a side hallway.
“What can you tell us about that room?” Michelle asked, void of patience.
“During the renovations, in order to extend the hallway to lead into the third floor solarium, the walls of that room were knocked down. There is now a wall just a few inches from the window; a wall belonging to the third floor hallway. No room belongs to that window.”
“That window is actually above the third floor,” Michelle said, in protest. “And there's a door behind some shelves on the wrap-around walk in the kids’ study. It leads into a room.”
“Have you been snooping?” Andrew asked.
“What’s this door she’s talking about, Andrew?” Sam demanded.
“I know of no such door, but the staff before my time had broom closets proliferating throughout the house.”
“Fine,” Michelle sighed, resigned. “I've got to get to work.”
“I'll come with you,” Sam said.
* * *
Michelle left the office early to join her brother Joey as they began the cleaning out of their mother's home.
She arrived at four and started with all the boxes her mother had stored in the garage. It was chilly so Joey set up an electric base heater for her. Joey then moved to the basement to confront their mother’s plastic storage bins.
Michelle found it difficult revisiting various eras of their past. She pried open the top flaps of one cardboard box and came face to face with her old hairbrush, her school courier bag and her iPod with sparkling flower stickers. Things that defined her. A long time ago.
She couldn’t breathe.
She stood, and made a beeline to the garage door, yanking it up. Fresh air…
The bitter wind hit her cheeks and closed eyelids, providing relief. She heard a car pulling away. She opened her eyes. A black Jaguar.
What's this kind of car doing in this kind of neighborhood?
Trevor…
Michelle didn't know what took her over; she was running. She caught up to the Jaguar and slammed her hand down on the trunk. The car braked. She halted at the driver's side. “Hey!” she yelled.
The driver's window slid down. Trevor looked up, red in the face guilty.
“Stop this!” Michelle continued. “You're creeping me out.”
Trevor didn’t look away. “Okay,” he replied, surrendering. “Okay…”
“I don't want you near me. I don't. This is not what I want.”
“I get it. It won’t happen again.”
Trevor slid his window back up. Michelle remained where she was, watching as the Jaguar rolled away.



Tuesday, December 24

Sam was at work in the early morning of Christmas Eve. The next shipment was moving along and Sam was happy. An email popped up on his computer screen. From Cass. Sam clicked it open.
“Do you have time to go for coffee?”
Sam typed in his reply straight away: “Yes. I'm coming out.”
He walked to her desk, putting his long, wool coat on. She looked up. Her face was blank, making Sam nervous. “Shrug’s?”
“Yes,” she replied.
They made it to the elevator without saying anything. Inside, Sam disrupted the silence. “So, what did you do last night? Watch TV?”
“Yeah,” Cass replied. “Some movie with my mom.”
“Oh, that’s nice. Spending time with your mom. Some nice, quality time… with your nice mom.”
“Yeah, I guess.”
The elevator doors opened. Sam was thankful. They exited the building.
“Look at all this snow,” Sam kept jibber-jabbering. “We’re definitely having a white Christmas this year. I can't wait.”
* * *
Inside Shrug’s, they sat at the closest table, taking off their coats.
“So what do you want for Christmas?” Sam asked.
“I don’t know,” Cass answered, bothered. “Come with me.” She got up.
Sam watched her step away. “Oh, okay…”
He followed her to the bathrooms at the back. He swallowed. What the hell?
She entered one bathroom. Sam was right behind her.
She turned, her face brushing against his as she locked the door. Her hand grazed the rear of his khakis. She looked him in the eye, ran her fingers down his hair toward the back of his neck and kissed him on the lips. Her kiss was hungry. She grabbed hold of the bottom of his sweater and white T-shirt underneath and tugged them up over his head. She took his hands and made him do the same to her.
They had sex against the wall, the sink, before the mirror. Sam tried his damndest not to have an orgasm before her. This whole scenario is just too damn hot.
There were times when they heard someone trying the door outside. Once, someone even knocked. Sam tried to breathe as little as possible.
He felt her buckle, and shiver. She was having an orgasm, and then he released. He let it all out. Tears came to his eyes, surprising him. Everything in him seemed to let go. He felt all the weight of the world launch off his shoulders. He felt lighter. And empty.
Cass moved a few steps away, collecting her clothes. Sam yanked his boxers up.
“I’ll wait,” he said. “Just in case.”
“Okay.” Cass never smiled.
Sam stepped out a few seconds after Cass. He had doubts that she would still be in the café, having decided that there was no need to wait for him. He was surprised to see her at the table, checking her mobile for text messages.
Sam felt a pair of eyes on him. He turned. There was a lineup at the counter, and staring at him with what appeared to be murderous intent, was Patience, in an expensive, flattering business suit.
“Hi,” he said. She just nodded, and then glanced at Cass. Sam looked away, continuing to their table.
“Well.” Sam had no clue what he should say next. “Should we head back?” Oh God, did that just sound too cold? Unfeeling?
“Yeah.” Cass was not offended. She stood, grabbing her coat.
They marched on the sidewalk, back to their building. Should I try to hold her hand? Sam looked up into her face. She seemed so far away. What happened to you? He decided against the handholding and remained silent.
Inside the tenth floor lobby, Cass moved to her desk and sat down. Sam continued to his office. “See you,” he said.
She glanced up, forced a tiny grin and put her phone headset back on, turning away.
In the office, Ricky was sitting at his computer, his eyes glued to the screen. “Where were you?”
“Nowhere. Just got a coffee.”
“Just got a coffee. It’s freezing outside. Make some here.”
Sam sat down at his desk, keeping his office door open. “Not the same.” He noticed a new email message on his notebook screen. From Cass. He clicked it open. It read: “An old friend is having a dinner party tonight. In Albany. Please come.”
Sam emailed back, with as much economy in words and emotion as he could handle, so he replied: “Sure.”
He hoped it came across as lethargic and not like “I’d love to! I'll make my famous potato salad with ketchup!”
* * *
Michelle shut the gray door in the trees and stepped onto the path to the house. She glanced up at the window as she did every day, in anticipation and fear. There was no one there. Did I imagine that woman those two other times? She stared up at the window again. Empty.
A woman’s head and shoulders stepped into view. Michelle stopped, her heart locking.
She broke into a sprint, toward the house, never taking her eyes off the window. The woman hurried out of view, sideways, as if found out. Michelle didn’t stop; she raced. The window remained dark and empty. Michelle reached the main entrance and clenched the handle. The door pulled back from her. She was panting as she looked up at Andrew standing before her.
“I saw her!” she exclaimed.
“Get inside and let’s shut the door,” Andrew scolded. “It’s dreadful out there.”
Michelle shoved the door behind her. “There is a woman in that room. I saw her!”
“What are you going on about?”
“That room you’re lying about. That room that’s boarded up or walled in or something. There’s a woman living in that room.”
“What?”
“I saw her just now, spying on me from the dormer window. She moved away when I got too close.”
“Calm down.”
“We need to go up there right now. We need to pry open that door behind those shelves.”
“We will be doing no such thing. You are a guest in this house. A very temporary guest. Mister Beaugrand sealed that door because he wanted it sealed.”
“Don’t you care that there’s a woman in there?”
“She obviously doesn’t care to be set free if she’s hiding from you once you approach.”
“Don’t mock me.”
“How did this woman get into that room exactly? There is no way in.”
“There must be one. Another way. A way no one knows about.”
“There is no such woman in this house. I suggest you enjoy the free lodging, the free food and the free cinema for the next few days while it lasts. You and that grifter will be out before the new year. Out on the street where you belong.”
“Pardon?”
That was a male voice. Both Andrew and Michelle turned to see Sam entering the house. “Round up the staff,” Sam announced. “Everyone that’s in this house.”
“I will do no such thing.”
“Everyone is to meet me in Mister Beaugrand’s study.”
“You are not to use that study.”
“I’ll be using it as my own from now on. I need a home office. And I’ve just come off the phone with Mort. There are going to be a few changes around here. If you want to find out what they are, you’d better be in that study in the next five minutes.”
“I’ll be in my house. On the phone. With Mort.”
“Mort told me to advise you that he will not be taking any of your calls until you hear what I have to say.”
“This is utter nonsense.”
* * *
Everyone in the house was gathered before Mistral’s majestic oak desk and Sam sitting behind it. Sam noticed a small, silver-framed photograph on the desk. It was of Mistral, showing off a four foot fish to friends in the cockpit of a sailing yacht. That’s the only picture in this house, he thought to himself.
Andrew moved to the side of the group, close to Galen, Char and Ronnie. “We’re all here,” Andrew said. “What would you like to babble about?”
“I have a dinner date to get to in the next ten minutes so I’ll keep this brief.” Sam stood. “I will move to another room in this house. One of my choosing.”
“You cannot move,” Andrew protested, smirking. “Mister Beaugrand put you in that room. That is the room he wanted you to have.”
“Mister Beaugrand stated to Mort Schofield that I am to have any room I choose if I am unhappy with the one chosen for me. And secondly, and this is why I called you here today: I run this household…”
Andrew grimaced.
“Mort has shown me the paperwork,” Sam continued. “And in it, Mister Beaugrand explicitly states that I am to do as I choose in this house in his absence. And no one can override me.”
“So you can tear down a wing?” Andrew said, attempting to be funny. “Make extensions. Turn this into a disco?”
“With the exception of altering the house physically, but even then there are many clauses.”
“Why would he do such a thing?”
“It’s not for you to ask.”
“You will meet great resistance.”
“If I do,” Sam said, surveying his audience. He slammed his hand down on the desk, making a few shudder. “I will shitcan you.”
“You do not have the authority,” Andrew stated.
“I have the authority.”
“I am speaking to Mort.”
“Andrew, at this point, Mort can’t protect you from me.”
“Mister Beaugrand will be outraged at my treatment here once he returns.”
“You won’t know how Mister Beaugrand will react if you’re gone, will you? And where will you go if I fire you? Who else in Ferring has the influx of cash to hire their own estate manager? Do yourself a favor and follow what I say. Because from this moment on, what I say goes. You, with your little accent, you don’t know me. You don’t know that when I’m done with you, you’re done. Now get out, all of you.”
Everyone filtered out of the room.
“And Andrew. You get no second chance. You piss me off once, and I’ll pack that tiny outhouse you’re squatting in myself. I'll lob all your shit out the window.”
As Andrew disappeared from the study's doorway, Sam saw Michelle standing in the hall, staring at him. He reddened. “You weren’t supposed… You weren’t supposed to hear all that.”
“I’m sorry. I was eavesdropping. I just heard someone raise their voice on my way to the dining room.”
“Just some stupidity I had to settle.”
“I hope it wasn’t on my account.” Michelle moved into the room.
“No, it was on that idiot’s account. It’s done.”
“So you have a date tonight?”
Sam smiled. “Yeah. With Cass. She wants me to go to this dinner with her.”
“That sounds great.”
“I don’t know. We’ll see.”
* * *
Michelle was on her bed with her MacBook computer. She was grateful for La Porte Grise's high-speed, Wi-Fi internet connection. She typed Paulo a Facebook message about her week and asked how he was doing with the family business. Paulo was a gold jewelry wholesaler. She knew it was a busy time of year for them. She pressed ‘Send’.
Bored, she creeped over to Trevor’s Facebook page. Because he was a friend of several of her friends, including Sam, she was able to see that he had posted new pictures. She was surprised to see that they were all included in an album titled: “The old days.”
She opened the first picture: it was of Trevor at the yacht club, skinny, with his arms around the other sailing instructors. This picture was taken almost nine years ago. In the background, she could see a stick-like girl with black hair.
Me...
So young.
The caption read: “Old friends.”
She clicked to move to the next picture. Goosebumps ran across her body. It was of Trevor, still from nine years ago, with his arm around her. They were standing on a wharf and Trevor looked like he was shouting something and Michelle was laughing. The caption read: “Probably yelling at Pete to get back to work.” She clicked to open the next one. This photo was from a year later, showing a few of Trevor’s friends on the same wharf in the evening, on their way to a party, and Trevor with his arms wrapped around Michelle. This caption read: “These were the best years. Wish I could go back.”
No one had posted any comments yet. Michelle saw that Trevor had just uploaded these five minutes ago. She clicked to the next picture. The final one. This was of Trevor and Michelle, at a high school dance, in the school hallway. She had never seen this picture before. Michelle was walking toward the camera, laughing, and Trevor was behind her, staring at her, with what could only be described as ‘with longing’. The caption underneath read: “It went by way too quick.” Someone had just posted a comment. Pete Smith. The words Pete wrote were dreadful to Michelle’s eyes: “dude… you were so in luv.”
Michelle refreshed the page to see if anyone else had just posted under Pete’s comment. This could not get any worse. Facebook, however, now stated that the picture was removed. Michelle went back to Trevor’s Facebook home page. The album was gone. Trevor had deleted it. Maybe because he doesn’t want his girlfriend to see that comment.
* * *
Sam picked Cass up at her house in Ricky’s Honda. She was waiting for him at the front door. She didn't say anything on the way to the dinner party except to ask if he could drop her off at a store so she could pick up a bottle of wine.
“Sorry,” she said. “I didn't have enough time after work.”
“No problem,” Sam replied.
“Should I get white or red?”
“What are they serving?”
“I'm not sure.”
“Get white. More people like white, I think. I like red more myself. Like a cabernet franc.”
And that was it for conversation on their way to meet Mel, who was East Indian and spoke with a nondescript American accent. He and the rest of his guests were friendly toward Sam but over dinner at his modern, stainless steel and dark wood condo, all Mel and his friends talked about were their days at Columbia University. Cass smiled through it all but it was boring for Sam. When Mel's girlfriend, Stefanie, asked Sam where he went to college, Sam answered, “I didn't go.”
“You never went to college?” Cass asked.
“No.” Starting to feel embarrassed over here…
“I didn't know that about you.”
“You don't seem all that interested in me”.
“That's not true.”
Sam smiled at the rest of the people at the table. “I took a business course in community college for one semester but I sucked so I quit.”
“That's interesting,” Stefanie commented.
After dinner, everyone moved to the living room where Sam asked where the bathroom was. While washing his hands, he looked at himself in the mirror. Is this how it's going to be now, being an adult? I'm going to keep having to explain why I didn't go to college? Fuck them. I'm not doing that anymore.
He stepped out, stumbling into a waiting Cass. She put her arms around his neck, kissed him on the mouth and pulled him into a bedroom.
“Won't they wonder where we are?” Sam asked.
“No.”
In the dark, Cass pushed him onto a rug.
* * *
As Sam entered La Porte Grise, his mobile vibrated.
“Hello.”
“Hi Sam,” said a young male voice at the other end. “I'm in trouble.”
“What is it, Paul? Where are you?”
Paul was Sam's younger brother by three years, and his only sibling.
“I'm at the police station. Here in Ferring. I'm wasted. They're letting me use their phone for one call.”
“Okay. Just hang on. I’ll come get you.”
“Thanks, Sam.”
Sam hung up.
Michelle entered the entrance from the side hallway. “How did it go?”
“I’ve got to run. My brother just got picked up by the police.”
“I’ll come with you.” Michelle moved to get her coat from the closet. “What happened?”
 “I’m not sure. He told me he was drunk.”
Michelle had never met Sam’s younger brother. She gathered that he must have gone to their high school a few years after them.
* * *
At the station, the police let Paul off with a warning. Michelle noticed that he was taller than Sam, and with broader shoulders and a more athletic build. He also had blonde hair. Paul had been involved in a fist fight at a bar, and after being restrained by bouncers, the bar’s owners had called the cops. Paul only had a few cuts on his face and no one was pressing charges.
At Ricky’s Honda Accord, Sam helped Paul into the back seat and then got in on the driver’s side. Michelle sat in the passenger seat.
“Who is this?” Paul asked.
“That’s Michelle,” Sam answered. “She’s an old friend.”
Sam drove off.
“Thanks for picking me up, bro.”
“I hadn’t heard from you in a while,” Sam said. “When did you get home?”
“Last week. You don’t mind taking me back there, do you?”
“Not at all. How’s school been?”
“One more semester and I get my undergraduate.”
“I’m so proud, Paul.”
“And then maybe law school next year.”
“Law school? Paul, that’s great.”
“Here we are.”
“Oh Jeeze,” Sam said, swerving. “I almost missed it.”
“Are you going to be there? Tomorrow? It’s Christmas, you know.”
“Of course, I wouldn’t miss it for the world.” Sam stopped the car in front of an apartment building. “Listen…” He turned back to Paul in the back seat. “Do you need help getting inside?”
“I’m all right. Just don’t tell mom about tonight, okay? She’ll have a conniption.”
“All right. You know, I’m staying in this huge mansion in Washmore right now. Kind of housesitting for a friend. You should come by some time, before you head back to school.”
“Yeah, yeah, I totally will. Thanks Sam. Bye Michelle. Nice meeting you.” The door slammed behind Paul.
Michelle turned to Sam. “He won’t come, will he?”
“He’s just this busy, busy kid. Really smart too. I’m just his nerdy brother.”
“You’re a good big brother. Didn’t lecture him or anything.”
“He already knows where I stand on the fighting. No use repeating myself.”
Back at La Porte Grise, they bid one another goodnight, not one of them mentioning what day it would be tomorrow.



Wednesday, December 25

Christmas morning. No plans. An empty, spacious day. Just the way Michelle liked it. She lifted her head to look out the window. Large snowflakes floated downward.
In her housecoat, she strolled down the hallway. She wondered what everyone else was doing today in Ferring. In the world. Christmas morning would mean a lot for many people. But to her, in this house, she was removed from it. It was just like any other day. Sam was at his mother’s apartment right now, unwrapping presents. This thought hit her. She hadn’t expected this.
What am I feeling? Sadness? It’s like a heaviness. I didn't know it would be like this. I didn't know the house would be like this. This... empty. This... lonely. Oh Sam, I should have asked… I don’t want to be alone. Not today… Shit... Shit, shit, shit.
She reached the main stairway. Maybe I should go back to bed. I don’t think I want to be awake just yet.
By her hand, and wrapped around the railing, was silver garland. It ran the entire length of the main stairway. There was a tree… where the stairs began…. with lights and ornaments… towering up from the house’s main entrance toward the second floor landing. Michelle stepped down. There were wrapped gifts under the Christmas tree. Who did this?
“Merry Christmas.”
Michelle looked down. Staring up at her was Sam, with two mugs of coffee and already dressed in new, dark jeans and a navy wool sweater. Russ sat at his side.
“What is all this?” she asked.
“Christmas,” he answered. “But not like how you remember it. This is completely different. This is all new, with no expectations.”
“Really?”
“Really. Just come unwrap these gifts.”
  She reached him, and as he handed her one mug, she kissed him on the cheek.
“I made breakfast. It’s right there on the table. And here, open this.” Sam gave her a narrow, wrapped, rectangular box.
Michelle took the gift, placing her coffee on the table beside her. She unwrapped it, revealing a hinged box. She lifted its cover. Staring back at her was a thin, white gold necklace with a pendant iridescent with a quarter carat round diamond.
“Is it too much?” Sam asked. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know what else to give you, and I wanted it to be special. I just wanted to give you something special.”
“It’s just…” Michelle was at a complete loss for words. She looked into Sam’s eyes. “Why would you give this to me?”
Sam swallowed, nervous. “Because you mean so much to me. And I didn’t know how to tell you. Please…”
“What?”
“Wear it. Just for today. Just for Christmas. Have fun. I’m sorry if it’s too much. I’m sorry.”
“Help me,” Michelle said, taking it out of the box. “Help me put it on.”
Sam took the two ends which Michelle held behind her neck. As he did the clasp, her hands gripped the tops of his. “Thank you,” she said.
They ate their breakfast sitting under the Christmas tree.
“Thank you,” she repeated. “Thank you for a Christmas with no expectations. You have to be on your way to your mother’s. I’ll be fine on my own.”
“I’m on my way there right now but you need to get ready while I’m gone. We are having guests, including Joey and his wife, whom I took the liberty of inviting for a huge Christmas dinner tonight. That’s only if you’re up for a party. If this is enough Christmas for you, I’ve already told everyone to hold up because the whole thing might be off the table.”
“Who did you invite?”
“Pretty much all of Ferring – last night – so it’s a last minute thing.”
“Okay, go, go. I’ll go get ready.”
“You don’t have to do anything to the house. It’s all being taken care of.”
* * *
Sam returned at six, and it only took a few minutes before the doorbell began to ring. Joey and Helen arrived, then Cass, warming Sam’s heart. He hadn’t been certain she’d show. During the large turkey dinner Sam served in the grand east dining room which Sam had decorated with magical decorations late in the evening the night before, Cass sat beside him. Over fifty people showed for the late dinner. All fell hard for Russ who trotted from person to person, being showered with loving attention and compliments. When the doorbell rang at ten, and Sam answered, Pete Smith, his new girlfriend Olivia, and Trevor with Warren, all entered the south parlor where everyone was playing board games and talking.
Michelle, still wearing her white gold necklace and diamond pendant, was laughing as she played Connect Four with Sandra, but she froze as her eyes fell on Trevor. He smiled at her. She looked down. He didn’t know, she thought. Sam didn’t know how Trevor’s been acting lately. He doesn’t realize… “Excuse me Sandra,” she said, getting up. “I’m just going to get a glass of water.”
She moved into the hallway.
“Hi,” Trevor said.
Michelle turned. Trevor stood behind her. “I saw the pictures,” she said under her breath.
“What?”
“Last night, the pictures you posted. I saw them.”
Trevor’s face fell. “You saw those? I took them down after just a few minutes.”
“After what Pete posted?”
Trevor paused. “Yeah,” he admitted. “You saw that too?”
“Yeah.”
“I couldn’t let Warren see that, you know.”
“I know.”
“But it was true, what Pete wrote… about that picture… it was true. I really did feel that way when it was taken, when I was looking at you.”
Michelle said nothing. She didn’t want to show Trevor any reaction. Any emotion.
“I still feel that way,” Trevor continued. “I never stopped feeling that way.”
“Trevor, no. Please, no. Don’t…”
“It’s true.”
“That was a long time ago, and so much happened. We’re not like in that picture anymore. We haven’t been for a long, long time.”
“I never stopped. Maybe you did, but I never stopped.”
“Trevor, we were kids.”
“I’m still the same person and I still love who I love, who I've always loved. For some people, that never changes.”
“Trevor, enough.”
“When did you stop caring about us?”
“You know when.”
“How can I know? You never told me.”
Michelle stepped away. She prayed Trevor wasn’t following her. She went to the bathroom to compose herself. When she came back, Trevor and Warren were leaving. Trevor sent her a brief, resigned smile from across the south parlor as he and his girlfriend made their way out.
* * *
Cass left at eleven, saying she had to get to bed. She was spending the next day with her extended family of aunts, uncles, cousins and grandparents. Sam realized that this was the first time the two of them were out in public where they didn’t have sex. It felt like the beginning of a real relationship. Sam was excited.
When everyone was gone, Sam and Michelle had a nightcap together, sitting across from one another at the oversized east dining room table, the giant fireplace casting a dim glow.
“Do you have any regrets?” Michelle asked him.
“About today?” Sam asked back.
“Your whole life.”
“I guess.”
“What?”
“I have a big one, actually. From grade five. Something I can’t get out of my head some days. I replay it over and over again, wishing I’d done something different.”
“Okay, now I’m curious.”
“When I was in grade five, my best friend David died of cancer. Of a brain tumor.”
“Whoa.”
“But we didn’t know. All of us – his friends – we didn’t know he was dying. We were told by his mom, our teacher, our own parents that he was sick, but not that he was dying, or that he had cancer. We thought he was on medication for some kind of blood condition and that’s what caused his hair to fall out. I noticed he seemed weaker, but I didn’t think about it. We all thought he’d get better. And on some days, he did seem better.”
Sam took a sip of his brandy.
“One day, in school,” he continued, “David said a lie about me or something; I don’t even remember what it was. But he had been kind of a bastard to me for a while. Being my friend and then not being my friend and shutting me out. It was weird, confusing. I even told my mom once that I had no friends; he had made me feel that terrible. Anyway, so I find out he’s telling people something about me, something he made up, and I freaked. I mean, I really freaked. I confronted him at lunch, in the hallway. I shoved him. He grabbed me by the shirt collar and, this instinct took over, and I did this move where I grabbed his wrist and twisted it behind his back. And then…”
Sam swallowed. His breath was short.
“I heard this scream.” Sam paused again, his breathing failing him. “High-pitched. Filled with fear. Terror. He was screaming… from being so hurt.”
Michelle put her hand over her mouth. “Sam… you didn’t know… you didn’t know… You were just a kid…”
“I let go. At least that’s how I remember it. But that scream, it cut right through me. I relive… that second… over and over.”
Michelle hurried around the table and sat in the chair beside him, reaching for his hand. She held it. “You didn’t mean to hurt him.”
“I don’t know what I meant to do.”
“You don’t hurt people.”
Sam looked at Michelle’s hand holding his. He inhaled. And then exhaled. “What about you? Do you regret anything like that? Anything you could go back and change?”
“I had a baby once.”
Sam’s eyes widened. “A baby?”
“He died. At least I think it was a boy. He died inside me.”
“When?”
“In high school.”
“With Trevor?”
Michelle nodded and tightened her grip on Sam’s hand.
“Jesus, he was here tonight. Jesus, I’m so sorry.”
“You didn’t know.”
“I kind of remember a rumor from back then, that you might be pregnant but then you never started showing, and you and Trevor broke up.”
“I lost it. I lost my baby. In my bedroom, early one morning before school... I just started bleeding. I bled all over this ugly carpet.”
“Oh Michelle.”
“It’s okay. It happened a long time ago.”
Sam reached over with his other hand, and with both hands, held Michelle’s one. They both had tears in their eyes. Sam's gaze fell to the floor, but he held on.



Friday, December 27

After his day at work, Sam came home and climbed the stairs toward the new room he had moved into, away from the loud pipes but still in the west wing. Is there anyone home? It is so quiet. Too quiet… Russ didn’t even come to the door to greet me.
Michelle had gone straight to her mother’s after work with Joey to continue their cleanup. She and Joey had to decide what was going to Joey’s, their dad’s, Michelle’s storage space, the Salvation Army, or the garbage. The real estate agent had been by before Christmas and was optimistic that they might sell within the next month.
At the top of the stairs, Sam turned toward his room. Down the hallway, deep ahead, Sam saw a lump of dark hair by the doorway to the bedroom he had just moved out of. He zipped toward the lump, his heartbeat ramping up. What is that? What is that? What is that?
No.
It was Russ. Lying on his side. His eyes closed. Sealed. His life inside gone.
* * *
“Hello?” Michelle called out, entering the house. There had been no one to open the door for her, which did happen on occasion, but usually Galen was there, waiting for her. She walked to the west dining room where she found Sam, staring down. He was a million miles away.
“Sam,” she said. She had the strangest feeling that he wasn’t able to hear her; she had dreamt nightmares like this before. He was part of another world – one she couldn’t be a part of.
“Sam?” she repeated. She was terrified that he wouldn’t look up. He doesn’t know I can see him. That I’m here, in the room with him.
Sam's stare found hers. He had tears in his eyes.
“What happened?” she asked. She could feel her own tears surging.
“Russ… he died today.”
“Oh no.” She rushed over and threw her arms around him. “Oh no.” Her tears flowed. “Russ…”
Sam hugged her back. Hard. Desperate. “Galen is out back. I thought he should be buried on the property. I thought that’s what Mistral would want.”
“Of course.”
“Old age, I guess. He was my first friend here. I miss him.”
“Me too.”
* * *
They had a silent dinner that night, together, and then went up to the secret tower room with their cups of coffee. They sat in the armchairs and stared out at the lit grounds and the snow falling. Michelle reached out, and found Sam’s hand.



Tuesday, December 31

Sam and Ricky left the office at five. Sam was taking Ricky out to dinner and drinks to toast ZipItUp’s amazing year. Afterward, they headed over to Finney’s Apple where everyone they knew was celebrating New Year’s Eve. 
Michelle was at the overcrowded bar with Chelsea, Sandra, Joey and his wife, Helen. No one but Michelle noticed as Trevor materialized from the celebratory masses in a white shirt and jeans.
“Hi,” Michelle greeted, after hesitating.
“I need to talk to you,” Trevor said. “I know you might be leaving soon so I really need to talk to you. Tomorrow. Please. And then I’ll leave you alone. I promise.”
“Have you been drinking?”
“I’m stone cold sober.”
“Call me.” Michelle was almost sorry she had just said that, but a sense of relief washed over her. She might even call it joy, or excitement. Since mentioning the baby to Sam, she had felt some sort of seriousness lifted from her being.
Trevor looked amazed – and relieved as well. He looked like he was about to cry.
When Michelle gave him her mobile number, she noticed that her hand was shaking. This means more to me than I want it to.
* * *
When Sam left Finney’s Apple at one in the morning in a cab, Cass was with him. In his new, oversized bedroom, Sam watched her as he lay in bed and she sat in the giant windowsill, looking out at the lit, snow covered forest. The flames from the fireplace illuminated her nude body. Happy New Year to me, Sam thought.



Wednesday, January 1

It was nine in the morning when Michelle’s mobile rang.
“Hello?” She didn’t recognize the number on the caller ID.
“Hey,” said a male voice at the other end. “It’s Trevor. Hope I didn’t wake you.”
 “It’s okay.” Michelle figured this must be the only time Trevor could call without being found out by Warren.
“Do you want to meet?”
“Okay.”
“There’s a levée inside City Hall this morning. They’re serving hot cider. Thought maybe we could talk for a bit.”
* * *
City Hall Square was bustling with young parents and their children taking part in events and listening to live singers. Inside the city hall building, the mayor was making a speech, and at ten in the morning, Michelle stepped into the first floor atrium, finding Trevor sitting at one of the round, café tables set up for the day. Before him were two paper cups of steaming, hot cider. Michelle sat across from him as she unbuttoned her long, wool coat.
“Happy New Year,” Trevor greeted with a smile.
“Happy New Year,” Michelle said, keeping her coat on and wrapping her hands around the hot paper cup before her.
“Thanks for meeting with me.”
“I don’t know; maybe we should get things out in the open. Talk about stuff. And I’m sorry I’ve been so cold. It’s just… a lot happened between us. And I worked hard to move on. And I did move on. I thought you did too.”
Trevor was staring into her eyes. “I didn’t.”
“It was hard for a seventeen-year-old kid still in love to move on, to make herself move on, but I did.”
“And then you never came back. You never came back to Ferring. You never gave me the chance to make it better between us.”
“You didn’t try. I was here for a year after… after I lost the baby…”
Trevor’s lips pressed together. What? Michelle thought. He didn’t think I’d mention the baby?
“And you never even came up to me,” Michelle continued. “You never even called.”
“I didn’t think you wanted me to. I thought you hated me.”
“Why would I hate you?”
“Because you were so mad.”
“I wasn’t mad. But you acted like I had some communicable disease whenever I was in your presence.”
“It took everything in me not to try to reach out. Every time I saw you I wanted to wrap my arms around you.”
“Why didn’t you?”
“I wasn’t brave enough.”
“Because you were afraid of what you would look like to your friends? Of how they would react?”
“No. Because I was afraid of how you would react. Because I was scared of being rejected by you. Because I repulsed you.”
“You should have tried. I needed you to. I still needed you then.”
“By the time I worked up the courage, you were gone. And then, just now, you show up. All of a sudden, you’re here again.”
Michelle looked into his eyes. And before she knew what was happening, Trevor clasped her hand in his. She looked down at what just happened. After the initial shock, she felt the comfortable warmth of this all too familiar skin against hers. She looked up, as he pulled her up with care. She was on her feet and he had his arms around her. His heat, his smell: it was a homecoming. Her arms gripped him, like magnets.
When Trevor let go, Michelle felt disoriented. She wasn’t ready. She needed more.
“I have to run,” Trevor said. “But let’s meet again. I want to know everything you’ve been up to. Please meet with me again.”
“Okay.”
“When are you going back to the city?’
“After Joey and I finish up with the house.”
“Okay.” Trevor moved backward, never taking his eyes off of her. “Thank you. Thank you.”



Thursday, January 2

Sam was back at work early in the morning. Sales orders on the website had not let up. He found it hard to believe that people were still ordering ZipItUp products even after the Holidays. When Sam walked toward the elevators to go out, he saw Cass behind the reception desk. She smiled.
“Do you want anything?” he asked. “I’m off to Shrug’s.”
“No. I’m fine. Thanks.”
“Do you want to do something tonight? Maybe come over for dinner? Maybe watch a movie? You should see the screening room. It’s unbelievable.”
“I’m not sure. Let me think about it, okay. I’m a little beat.”
“No problem. No problem.”
The elevator doors opened and Sam boarded. When the elevator re-opened on the main floor, Sam’s mobile vibrated in his coat pocket. He yanked it out.
“Hello?”
“Sam. Hi. It’s Mort Schofield. Mistral passed early this morning.”
Sam froze. “Wh… what?”
“He died… of complications to his surgery. His daughters are at the hospital now. I’m sorry.”
“It’s all right. I’m just… I’m shocked.”
“So am I. I haven’t really had time to process it. And I’m sorry to bring this up right now, but his daughters are going to move to force you out of the house. As early as tonight.”
“Okay…”
“But you stay put.”
“What?”
“Stay put, Sam. And do not let them into the house. They have no legal right to enter.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Not until the will is read.”
“Okay.”
“Do you understand me? If they enter that house, getting them to leave will be a legal nightmare. Sam, do not let them enter.”
Sam had difficulty hearing Mort’s exact words as his senses clouded over.
“Okay. Bye.” Sam hung up.
“What’s wrong?”
Sam looked up. It was Ricky, in his snowboarding jacket, standing before him.
“Mistral died this morning.”
“Whoa… I’m sorry.”
“I’m just… I’m just going to go outside.” Sam walked past him.
“Buddy, can I do something?” Ricky looked helpless.
“I’m okay. I just need some air.” Sam pushed through the rotating glass doors.
Outside, frigid air comforted his face. He didn’t know where he was heading, but at some point he saw a park bench by the side of the street and he sat down. His body trembled. Am I cold? He wasn’t sure. Nerves maybe? He attempted to concentrate, to keep his body from shaking. Just relax. He wasn’t certain how long he was sitting there, never quite feeling comfortable, when he heard a voice.
“There you are. I’ve been looking for you. For a while now, actually.”
Sam looked up. Michelle stood above him with her hands stuffed into her wool coat’s pockets. “Can I sit with you?”
“Yes. Of course.”
“Ricky called me at work.”
“I’m sorry.”
“He was worried. He sounded scared.”
Sam held back a laugh. “The drama.”
“He said he never saw you like that before. So quiet. He said that it was the first time in his life that he didn’t know how to help you.”
“I don’t need help, really. I just need air.”
“Okay.”
“We’re probably homeless right now.”
Michelle let out a small laugh. “We probably are. But we had a blast in that house.”
Sam turned to her. “We did. And I’m so glad I got to share it with you.”
“Mistral must have really liked you.”
“I never had anyone tell me how to be. Like, how to be a man, or even when I was a boy, how to be a boy. I never got that kind of advice. I was flying blind before I met him.”
“I doubt that. Sam, you were always great. That’s what Mistral saw: how amazing you are.”
“He told me how to behave in a meeting. How to smile when you shook someone’s hand when you first met them. How to keep lines of communication open with everyone. He taught me how to work. And how to make things work for you.”
“All of that was already in you. I think I would have liked him. He saw the same things I see.”
“I didn’t know all that stuff. He made me feel less scared… about everything.”
“Like a dad…”
“When I was little, I made myself not want a dad. I didn’t need a dad. I made myself not miss him. I never even knew him.”
“I know.”
“But I can’t make myself not miss Mistral.”
Michelle had tears in her own eyes. “I know.” She put her arms around Sam, wanting to protect him from all pain.
* * *
As Sam and Michelle arrived at La Porte Grise, Galen opened the door for them from inside.
“You’ve heard?” Sam asked.
“Yes,” Galen replied. “Andrew just informed us.”
“Were Mistral’s daughters here?”
“No.”
“Are they ever? I mean, do they ever come by? Visit?”
“I’ve been here for two years. I’ve never met them.”
“Okay,” Sam said. “We can’t let them in the house. At least not until the will’s read. That’s what Mort told me. He wants to avoid having them squat here, I guess.
“Okay.”
“I’ll go tell Andrew.” Sam turned toward Michelle. “If it’s okay, have dinner without me tonight. I’m just going to stay in my room.”
“Call me if you need anything.”
* * *
Michelle took a look around her room. She would miss this place, even though she had only been here for a few weeks now.
She took her mobile out of her purse, glancing at it. There was a text message from Trevor from a few hours ago: “Can I call rite now?”
Michelle texted back: “Im here now.” She put the phone down on her night table. It rang. She picked it up.
“That was fast,” she said.
“Do you want to meet up?” Trevor asked at the other end.
“Sure. Can you come here? Sam lost a friend today and I want to be close by just in case.”
“Mistral Beaugrand?”
“You heard…”
“Yeah.”
“Text me when you get here, okay?”
 “No problem.”
* * *
Trevor texted within the half hour and Michelle met him in the entrance.
“Let’s just go up to my room,” Michelle said. Trevor grinned. “Don’t worry, I won’t try anything,” she added. “I just feel weird having you here and that way we won’t bump into Sam. He’s had a hard day today.”
“All right.”
Michelle led him down the hallway, up the stairs and to her room. She had arranged a table with two upholstered chairs, and Galen had set up a coffee carafe with two mugs, milk, cream, sugar and a basket of warm cookies.
“Nice spread,” Trevor said.
“Is this okay?” Michelle asked as they both sat. “I mean you have a girlfriend, and this isn’t technically my bedroom, and we’re not doing anything romantic, right?”
“We’re just catching up. Old friends catching up.”
“Okay. As long as that’s all clear.”
“Thank you. Thank you for letting me back in.” Trevor poured coffee into her mug.
“I missed you, Trevor. I’m not going to lie about that.”
“I missed you too.”
“This is nice. We’ll finally get closure. And we can be friends.”
They talked for the next two hours, but it felt like only thirty minutes had passed when Trevor received a text from Warren, asking where he was, and Trevor told Michelle he had to go. Michelle walked him to the house’s front door. He turned and hugged her.
“Goodnight,” he said.
“Goodnight.”
He reached down, surprising Michelle with a kiss on the cheek. It felt so natural. Michelle didn’t protest. Those lips had always felt good, and they felt wonderful on her cheek. He’s just a friend now, she reminded herself.
“Let’s do this again,” he said.



Friday, January 3

At five in the morning, Sam took a mug of coffee up to the secret tower room and sat in one of the armchairs. He took a sip as he stared out the window at the darkness and the grounds which were covered in a thick layer of pure white snow, reflecting the dim estate lighting.
“This is probably my last day here,” he said to no one in particular. “Thank you. Thank you for being a true, real home.”
* * *
Sam was already on the bus at six, on his way to work. His iPhone vibrated. Who the hell’s calling me at this hour?
“Hello?”
“It’s Mort. You need to come up to my office later this morning. Mistral’s will is being read at eleven.”
“Why do you need me to be there?”
Sam’s mind answered him before Mort could.
“You’re in it,” Mort said.
What the fuck is he leaving me? Sam thought. His part of ZipItUp?
Sam rushed back home and dressed in one of his three suits.
* * *
At five to eleven, Sam was led into Mort’s office. Inside and already seated across Mort and his desk was Marguerite Seville, Mistral’s eldest daughter and Anne-Marie Monroe, his youngest daughter. Their husbands were seated beside them, as were their children who were only just a few years younger than Sam themselves. There was also another woman with them. She appeared to be in her fifties and was wearing an expensive suit. Their lawyer, Sam thought.
“Sam, please be seated,” Mort said. “We can get started.”
Everyone was staring at him. Probably wondering why I’m even here. He sat in the only empty chair left.
“This is Mistral Beaugrand’s last will and testament which he and I drew up just hours before he went into surgery on December sixth of last year,” Mort began. He looked down at the papers before him as he put on his reading glasses. He began to read, mostly about hospital and funeral bills to be paid from Mistral’s estate. He continued, confirming that all Mistral’s assets be bequeath to his daughters, naming Marguerite as the estate’s executor. His percentage of ZipItUp, however, was left to Sam. And then the shocker: “I bequeath to Samuel Henderson the entire property at 20 Way Avenue, Ferring, New York otherwise known as La Porte Grise.”
Sam’s eyes widened. Marguerite shot a look at him and he caught her smirk. Mort continued, “I bequeath to Samuel Henderson all assets pertaining to Hallwell Electronics in the strict course that revenue generated from these assets pay for the maintenance and upkeep of La Porte Grise. The sale of La Porte Grise or Hallwell Electronics is not permitted for the next twenty years, or both assets fall back into my estate executed by Marguerite Seville.”
Mistral’s daughters’ lawyer began to protest, but Mort said that everything was final, and that any appeal would be unwarranted, costly for the daughters and ultimately ineffectual. At the end of the reading, Sam stood to leave, shell-shocked.
“We’re having all his cars moved tomorrow,” Marguerite told him on her way out of the office. “So don’t think about removing any before our people get there.”
“I haven’t touched any of your father’s cars,” Sam answered. “I did what he told me.”
Mistral’s family exited the office.
“Don’t worry,” Mort said behind Sam.
Sam turned to face him.
“They can’t take that house away from you,” Mort continued. “It’s yours. And so is Hallwell Electronics which has been doing well for Mistral for over thirty years now. It’ll be more than enough to pay for taxes and utilities on the property. You might even get to retain most of the staff at La Porte Grise. But Andrew can help you pare it down to cut costs. Mistral did like to have lots of staff around.”
“I just can’t believe what’s happened,” Sam said. “I feel like I stole their home from them.”
“It’s not La Porte Grise they want. They want the money from its sale. They’ve never been interested in the property itself. I was afraid they might squat there and force you out. Mistral wanted his will read immediately following his death so as to avoid having to evict them if they tried to make life difficult for you.”
“Can I give them money? Maybe pay them somehow? Installments? I don’t even know what I can afford.” Sam felt like a ridiculous child just then, saying what he had just said. There was no way in hell he could ever pay Mistral’s daughters what La Porte Grise was worth.
“That’s up to you. I assume you want to keep living there.”
“Yes. Yes, I do. I’ve never felt more at home. I just don’t want to take what’s not mine.”
“I understand. Perhaps, when you’ve had sufficient time to think it over, you can act accordingly, but until then, enjoy the house. It’s yours. You stole it from no one. La Porte Grise now belongs to you, and you only…”
* * *
Michelle walked up the path toward La Porte Grise. She glanced at the dormer window above the third floor, as she did every day when she came home. And like most days, it was empty, and dark. She kept moving, pondering her evolving relationship with Trevor. She felt relief at being friends with him again. But he had told her he might still have feelings for her. He would get over her, and in the next few days, she’d be leaving Ferring and would be back in New York City with Paulo.
She reached the steps up to the grand entrance of the house. She gazed up again. The window was empty. Michelle didn’t look away.
The face stepped into view.
Michelle felt herself going purple, frozen. The face belonged to a middle-aged woman with black, short hair, and a pale face. The woman stared down into Michelle with round, angry, black eyes. She pointed a finger at Michelle, threatening, accusing her. Michelle jammed her hand into her purse, fumbling to get her iPhone to take a picture. She pointed the phone up, her hand shaking, but the window was empty. Michelle just stood there, her camera phone still pointed up at the window. The woman never reappeared.
Michelle, frantic, raced up to the door of the house and hammered away with her fist. There has to be someone in the house. I’m not going in there alone. The door opened. Michelle felt her body trembling. Galen stuck his head out as he continued to open the door for her.
“Thank God,” Michelle said. “Thank God. Thank God you’re home.”
* * *
When Sam arrived home that night, he found Michelle still in her wool coat, sitting in a love seat in the entrance. She looked up at him.
“Are you going out?” he asked, unbuttoning his overcoat, and revealing his suit underneath.
“No. I got home, I guess, a little under an hour ago.”
“And you’ve just been sitting here?”
“Yes.” Michelle grinned in spite of herself. “I saw the woman again, in the same window, but I was so close, right under her outside. I saw her, Sam.”
“Jesus.” Sam stepped closer. “What did she look like?”
“Short black hair. Big dark eyes.”
“Do you think we have a squatter?” 
“I don’t know, Sam. Am I seeing things? I tried to take a picture with my iPhone but she was gone before I could get it out.”
“I’m calling the police.”
* * *
Two police officers arrived within the hour. One male, the other female; both in their early thirties. The male officer asked who they were in relation to Mistral Beaugrand. Sam answered that he had been a business associate, and that he, now, was sole owner of the house. Michelle looked at him with shock. He grinned at her.
Michelle led them to the kids’ study, and to the sealed, knob-less door behind the shelving. The officers deemed it too dangerous to climb up to the dormer window outside, and Andrew confirmed that a special ladder was used by the window cleaners each spring. 
In the south parlor, the female officer turned to Michelle. “Have you been under any kind of stress lately?”
“You don’t think there’s someone hiding inside this house?” Sam asked.
“Miss Lowery just lost her mother, a very traumatic experience to have, especially over the Holidays. Perhaps, perhaps just the stress…”
Michelle said nothing.
“The description you gave Officer Williams of the woman,” the female officer continued, “it matches how you described your mother to me.”
Michelle felt blood rush to her cheeks. “I… I don’t know what to say… I…”
“But she saw this woman four times,” Sam countered. “Four times over the past two weeks.”
“All after her mother passed,” the female officer said. “I’m just trying to look at all the possible explanations here. You, yourself, have never seen this woman. And there is staff here all day, every day, and they have never seen her. And you’ve heard nothing unusual.”
“It’s a big house,” Sam said.
“Call us,” the male officer told Michelle. “If you see, or hear, anything else, please, call us.”
Michelle nodded. “Okay.”
Once the officers left through the front entrance, Sam turned to Michelle. “We should find out how to break down that door.”
“It’s fine,” Michelle said. “Maybe… maybe I’m just tired, Sam.” Her eyes welled up. “I’m just so tired…”
“I know.”
“What happened today?” Michelle asked, changing the subject. “How do you own this house?”
Sam smiled. “It’s crazy, but Mistral left me the house in his will, and this Hallwell Electronics company to pay for the upkeep and bills and stuff. I’m just not allowed to sell either for the next twenty years.”
“Wow.”
“I know. What the hell was he thinking giving away all that? Do you think he’s trying to piss off his kids, even in death?”
“Did he leave them anything?”
“He left them everything else. Their families are set for life, I’m sure. I just can’t help feeling that I stole something from them.”
“You told me he only had two daughters. Maybe you were the son he never had.”
“Maybe.”



Saturday, January 4

After having brunch together, Michelle and Sam had tea in the secret tower room, looking outside at the wet snow falling in clumps.
“Why weren’t we better friends in high school?” Michelle asked.
“You were a bit more popular, I think.”
“Really?”
“I don’t know. I kind of remember you getting a little quiet during our senior year. I don’t remember seeing you in school much.”
“Yep.” Michelle said nothing more.
“We kissed once,” Sam said.
“We did?” Michelle was surprised. She grabbed onto Sam’s arm. “Yeah! I remember. Oh God, what a harlot I was.”
“You weren’t a harlot.”
“Was it at Chelsea’s?”
“Yeah. She had people over one night when her parents were out on a trip.”
“They were always going away through the travel agency.”
“Everybody was drinking. And we were talking. We were both single at the time. And you kissed me.”
“You’re so cute, Sam. Everybody wanted to kiss you.”
“Really? I didn’t know that.”
“Oh yeah. You know, I remember that we totally made out that night.”
“It was magical.”
Michelle looked up at him. “Really? Were you in love with me?”
Sam looked down at her. “For years.”
“Did I break your heart?”
“No. I knew it was only kissing, and it was only for that one night. But I held on to that night for a long time.”
Michelle squeezed Sam’s arm, resting her head on his shoulder. “I wish I had gotten closer to you. Back then. That last year… I needed someone like you.”
Sam put his head on top of Michelle’s and they remained this way for a long time, staring out at the wet, glistening, white grounds.
* * *
Just before dinner, Michelle went out to meet Chelsea at Finney’s Apple and Sam stayed home, hoping to hear back from Cass after leaving her a message. When Cass did call back, Sam asked if he could take her out to dinner.
“I’m kind of busy with family tonight,” she replied.
“All right.” Sam, disappointed, strolled over to his theater to watch a movie.
* * *
“It gets so busy in here,” Michelle said, as people kept marching into Finney’s Apple. Chelsea, Sandra and two of Sandra’s girlfriends sat with her, enjoying a light dinner and drinks.
“It’s the last Saturday of the Holidays,” Chelsea said. “After this weekend, everybody goes back to school, or to their jobs in the city or wherever they live now.”
“So does Ferring empty out after the Holidays?” Michelle asked.
“Not necessarily,” Sandra said. “Just Finney’s Apple.”
They all smiled.
“Michelle,” Chelsea said. “Don’t look now but Trevor and his girlfriend Warren just sat down at that table over there.”
Everyone couldn’t help but look over. Trevor and Warren were seated with a large group.
“Should we leave, Michelle?” Sandra asked.
“I’m fine,” Michelle replied.
“Really?” Chelsea asked. She looked concerned.
Michelle smiled. “Yes. Everything’s fine. I can deal with it.”
“I just don’t want it to ruin your night. We can go to another place right now.”
“No. I’m having fun with you girls, here. I want to stay. I can’t believe I didn’t come home for the Holidays more. This is changing this year.”
“Okay. As long as you’re okay.”
The girls continued their dinner, and a few times Michelle caught Warren staring at her with malice in her eyes. Michelle went to the bathroom, and when she came out, she saw Trevor heading into the men’s room.
“Hey,” he said with a smile. He was wearing a Ralph Lauren plaid shirt with jeans.
He’s too handsome, Michelle thought.
“I’m so glad to see you here tonight,” Trevor said.
“It’s nice to see you too.”
“We have to meet again. I’m dying to talk to you.”
“Okay… Do you want to come up to the house? I’m leaving soon.”
Trevor’s grin fell. “Back to New York?”
“Yeah. I’m almost done my work at the travel agency and Joey says we only have a few more nights of cleanup at my mom’s house.”
“I didn’t think you’d be leaving so soon.”
“I have to get back to my table. Let’s meet tomorrow, okay.”
Trevor took her arm. “I don’t want to lose you again.”
Michelle put her hand on his. “You won’t. We’re friends now. That won’t change.”
Chelsea appeared behind Trevor, shocked.
Michelle looked back up at Trevor. “Call me tomorrow.”
Trevor entered the men’s room.
“You guys are friends now?” Chelsea asked.
“Kind of,” Michelle answered. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. It just happened. Small town. We couldn’t avoid bumping into each other.”
“Okay. I just don’t think his girlfriend would understand… this newfound friendship.”
“I know. That’s why we’re going to keep this under wraps, okay? I’m almost gone. And I have Paulo who’s going to meet up with me again in Manhattan.”
“Okay,” Chelsea said, relieved.
“Everything is okay,” Michelle added.



Sunday, January 5

At nine in the morning, Michelle’s iPhone beeped making Michelle wake with a start. She grabbed her phone off the night table. A text from Trevor: “Im otside gate by gray dr. Com out 2 meet me.”
Michelle smiled. She texted him right back. “Im comin out.”
She put on her wool coat and paced down the walkway toward the gray door. Once she opened it, she saw Trevor waiting in his black Jaguar.
He jumped out and opened the passenger door for her. She sat down, and he was soon sitting beside her, holding out a steaming Shrug’s paper cup.
“Double cream, one sugar.”
Michelle smiled, taking it. “Yes.”
“I’m sorry but I had to see you first thing in the morning.”
“How does Warren feel about this?”
“You’re leaving and I don’t know when I’ll ever see you again.”
“We’re friends. You’ll see me again.”
“Hold my hand.”
Michelle reached her hand out. Trevor gripped it. It felt so right, so good…
“Too much has gone on before for us to just be friends,” Trevor said.
“I know.”
“Please, please don’t look sad.”
“I’m leaving in a few days, Trevor. I don’t know what you want from this?”
“I don’t either, but please don’t leave.”
“We can’t go back to what we had.”
“We can have something new.”
“I’m not the same. I never will be. And you’ll regret this moment. You’ll regret this.” Michelle had tears in her eyes.
“I regret everything but this.”
“I’m fucked up now. I’m fucked up and it gets ugly. There’ll be days when you’ll wish you could go back. Back to this moment, and do it differently.”
“I’m fucked up too.” He reached for her other hand. It was holding the cup so he clasped her wrist with care.
“Trevor, we won’t work as a couple. I know enough to know that. We can repair our relationship as friends, as people who care for one another, but not as a couple. Not as a romantic couple.”
“Why not?”
Michelle looked into his eyes. “I could never make love to you again.”
Trevor was speechless.
Michelle inserted the coffee into the cup holder between the two front seats where Trevor’s own coffee waited in the other hole, and opened the door. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be.”
Michelle shut the car door and hurried toward the trees. The Jaguar remained, as Trevor watched her.
As she jogged up the path back to the house, Michelle cried. This was not the closure she had wanted, but she knew, she had just closed a door, forever.
She entered the house. She heard scratching. She looked down, and saw the back of a dog trotting away. A brown dog.
“Russ?” she said aloud. No, that’s ridiculous. Whose dog is that?
Michelle rushed into the next hallway. She turned. There was no dog. She entered the kitchen. Galen came in behind her. “Galen, is there a dog in the house?”
Galen looked at her, puzzled. “Not that I know of.”
“I just saw a dog running from the entrance, just like Russ used to do. It even looked like Russ. It ran into the hallway out here but when I looked in, it was gone.”
“That’s strange.”
“Yeah. It is strange.” Michelle stopped herself. God, they must all think I’m crazy here. “Did Sam leave for the funeral yet?”
“He’s having breakfast in the west dining room.”
“Thank you.”
Michelle marched over.
“Sam, I just saw a dog by the entrance. Do you have a dog in here?”
Sam looked up from the table and his breakfast. He was wearing a dark suit. “No. Maybe Andrew or the staff brought one. Maybe Andrew has a dog of his own, I’m not sure.”
“I thought it was Russ.”
“What kind of dog was it?”
“I don't know. It looked exactly like Russ.”
Sam placed his utensils down and stood. “I'll get to the bottom of this.”
* * *
Sam, still in his suit, met Michelle in the secret tower room.
“No dog,” he told her as he sat down in the upholstered armchair beside hers. “Andrew looked disgusted at the thought of even owning a dog.”
“Am I crazy?”
“No. Andrew's probably into furry costumes. Who knows what him and his wife are doing when we're not looking, barking and meowing and pawing each other.”
“You don't think my crazy self actually thought it saw Russ?”
“We saw Russ every day running up to us when we came in from work. Just the other night, I could have sworn he was right beside me in bed, for like a split second. But it was my head playing tricks on me.”
“You don't think I'm going crazy?”
“Why would I think that?”
“You don't regret having me here?”
“Why would you ever say that? Michelle, I wish you'd stay here forever.”
“I’m going back.” Michelle attempted a smile. “It's time for me to go back to the city.”
Sam couldn’t avoid the sorrow in his eyes. “You’re all done here?”
“Joey and I are almost finished at the house. We probably just have a few more nights. It’s time for me to get back.”
“That makes me so sad.”
“Thank you. For everything you’ve done for me here. For taking me in. Thank you.”
“Thank you for accepting my invitation to live here.” Sam reached out and took her hand. “You’ve become one of my best friends.”



Monday, January 6

Sam answered the phone at his desk.
“Hi Sam, it’s Mort. Sorry to bother you at work. Just wanted to keep you up to speed.”
“No worries, Mort.”
“Mistral put us on retainer, for your needs. We’ll have to meet later this week to discuss what all that entails.”
“All right.”
“As of this morning, the lawyers representing Marguerite Seville and Anne-Marie Monroe, and their families, are appealing to have Mistral’s will contested. I can assure you that they have no grounds. There is no need for you to worry. Mistral’s will is airtight and earnings from Hallwell Electronics will cover all your legal fees in this matter.”
“Thank you.”
“Have the daughters approached you in any way?”
“No. Not at all.”
“They’ve never come by the house?”
“No.”
“Okay.”
“They did send some special movers to move all the cars out on Saturday.”
“Yes. I was made aware of that. All right. If either or both do make any kind of contact, please call me right away. They are not to step foot on the property.”
“I don’t think they want to.”
“All right. Have good day, Sam.”
* * *
At noon, Sam walked out of his office and passed Cass sitting behind the reception desk. “Hi,” he said.
“Sam, do you have time for a coffee?” Cass asked.
“Yeah, sure.” Coffee, really? Is coffee really what we’re going to have? Cass’s warmer than usual tone, however, suggested that perhaps something else might be taking place over coffee. Perhaps some talking. We might get to know one another better. That’d be great. “I’m good to go.”
“Not right now,” Cass said. “I was thinking tomorrow after work.”
Sam was disappointed. “Yeah, yeah, that would work. Okay.”
Outside, in the wintry fresh air, Sam thought to himself, Coffee tomorrow after work? What the hell? Are we going on a first date? Or an informational interview? Is there a position opening up? Maybe she really does want to get to know me. Or maybe it’s something else.
Sam felt his heart drop.
* * *
Michelle traveled up the path to the house. She had just finished her last day at the travel agency and was exhausted. She still had to go to her mother’s house tonight but she wanted to change and eat.  She stared up at the dormer window.
Nothing.
“I won’t be missing that window, that’s for sure,” she told herself. She thought about packing a bit too before heading out to her mother’s. She was thankful that she didn’t have much to take back with her to the city.
She opened the front door herself. Galen wasn’t there, waiting for her. Inside, she shut the door behind her and unbuttoned her coat. She heard scratching on the floor. She looked down. And jumped. A brown dog ran from her. It was wearing a black leather collar studded with silver “R”s. Russ’ collar…
Michelle took off into the hallway after it. “Russ?”
She saw the back of the dog as it turned into the west dining room. Michelle turned into the dining room herself as the dog ran past the length of the table. Michelle ceased all movement. A broad-shouldered man, with his back to her, sat at the head of the table. He had a thick head of bright red hair and was wearing a faded, purple housecoat.
“Hello?” Michelle said. She glanced at the floor. The dog was nowhere to be seen. She looked up. The man remained but he hadn’t turned to face her yet. Michelle wanted to scramble from the room but she had to know who this was. She had to make sure she wasn’t seeing things. It took all her courage to keep her eyes on him as she made her way around to stand before him, to look upon his face.
“Hello?” she said again.
The man remained silent, and motionless, as if frozen in time. Michelle noticed a slight move from his jaw. She now stood before him, and he was looking right at her, with brown eyes. Michelle shuddered. His square jaw kept moving, as if he was gagging, but the rest of his body was still, like death. He didn’t even appear to be breathing. The only life was in his jaw, and in his eyes. The roots of Michelle’s hairs tingled. She was terrified.
The man’s lips moved against his teeth. His tongue soon joined in. He was attempting to say something but was incapable of producing sound. Over and over, he kept trying to say it. One word.
Michelle understood, shivering. She saw the word that the man was saying.
“Leave.”
Bang!
Michelle screamed. Something had slammed the floor beside her. She looked down. It was her silver watch, having slipped right off her wrist.
“Are you all right?” Galen said, dashing into the room.
Michelle looked back up at the head of the table. All she saw was the back of an empty chair.
“No,” she said. “I’m not all right. I’m not all right.”
* * *
Sam, in his winter coat, ran up the path. He saw her, Michelle, waiting for him as she sat outside on the front steps of the entrance. She had called him on his mobile while he was at a manufacturer. He had flown right over in a cab.
“What happened?” he asked.
“I don’t know.”
Sam sat next to her, putting his arm around her. Michelle rested her head on his shoulder.
“I saw Russ again. And then this man. And he kept repeating one word, only with his lips. He couldn’t say it out loud. He kept saying… ‘leave’.”
Sam pushed her back. “What did he look like?”
“He had red hair.”
Sam had goose bumps. “Looks like he’s sixty, muscular…”
“Yes.” Michelle wiped some tears away.
“That’s Mistral.”
“I saw his ghost?”
“I guess.” Sam sounded unsure. “You’ve never seen Mistral before, have you? Have you ever seen a picture?”
“Sam, there are no pictures in this house. How would I know what he looks like?”
“You’re right.”
“You believe me? That I saw him? That I’m not losing my mind?”
“I believe you.”
“I don’t want to go back inside.”
“Just come in and eat with me.”
“I saw him in the west dining room.”
“We’ll eat with the staff in the kitchen.” Sam helped Michelle stand with him.
“I should leave this house, Sam. I shouldn’t stay here. I can feel it. I shouldn’t be in this house anymore.”
Sam looked into Michelle’s eyes. “I know what he told you. But nothing will happen to you here. I told you before. We’re safe here. The rest of the world can screw itself up, but you and me, we’ll always be safe here. I won’t ever let anything happen to you here. Please trust me.”
“You’re the only person I want to be with right now.”
Sam took Michelle in his arms. “Me too.”
They held hands as they entered the house.
* * *
“I’m going to leave Wednesday night,” Michelle told Sam as she prepared to go back to her wing of the house. They stood outside the movie theater, having just watched a romantic comedy starring Kristen Wiig and Jack Black.
“If anything happens on your side of the house, text me, call me.”
Michelle was finishing her red and white paper bag of popcorn. “I will.” She kissed him on the cheek. “Goodnight, Sam.”
Sam smiled as he watched her go. He would have walked her to her room but he was scared she might think he wanted more. He didn’t want her to know how he felt then.
He walked to his home office. He had lost time running here to La Porte Grise earlier in the evening. He had been in the midst of arranging shipments of product which Big Buy and Apple wanted on their shelves this coming Friday morning. He sat down at the large oak desk and pulled out his mobile from his jeans pocket, thinking about what Michelle had seen tonight. Mistral, Jesus… Ghosts. For real? She never heard he had red hair before. And there are no pictures anywhere in this house.
And that’s when he saw it: the only photograph he had ever seen inside La Porte Grise. The silver-framed five by seven of a fishing trip with friends: Mistral, shocking red hair, holding up a four foot fish, smiling for the camera and wearing a faded, purple housecoat. She’s been in this room. She stood at this desk with me. She has seen him before. She’s seen this picture.



Tuesday, January 7

In the morning, Michelle was relieved to see Sam sitting at the wooden, knife-nicked table in the kitchen, along with Char and Ronnie, all having breakfast. She sat with them. Sam cracked jokes, and recounted funny stories of he and Ricky on the town trying to meet girls, and getting up to act them out. Everyone was laughing. Michelle was happy. She felt so much better. She would finish up at her mother’s today and then prepare to leave Ferring. She was ready. She was ready to move on.
* * *
Sam was with manufacturers all day. All product had to be shipped to stores by Wednesday which was in less than twenty-four hours. And once all his shipments were sent tomorrow afternoon, he planned to give Michelle an early goodbye dinner. He wanted to give her the best send-off ever.
Tonight was his coffee date with Cass. What does she want to talk about? He was scared. He really liked her. He found her exciting, mysterious and was so turned on by everything they’d done together.
* * *
At two in the afternoon, Michelle left her mother’s house in her mother’s blue Ford Escort. Joey thought she should use the car since its sale had fallen through yesterday and Joey would have to work on finding another buyer.
Sam had arranged for Galen, Char and Ronnie to meet her, outside by La Porte Grise’s entrance. They were to have dinner with her later in the kitchen and were not to leave her sight until he returned home in the late evening. Michelle grinned. She had never believed in ghosts, and she wasn’t sure what she thought of them now, but La Porte Grise was no longer much of a haven for her. She no longer felt at home here.
She parked her mother’s car by the trees outside the gray door. There was another car parked by the curb. A wine colored Volvo station wagon.
Michelle pushed open the gray door between the trees and walked in, onto the path. She saw the ornate, concrete bench nearby with a woman sitting, in a beige, wool overcoat, hat and brown scarf, staring up at the house. A chill ran down Michelle’s spine. This is an actual woman, she reassured herself. That’s her car parked right outside the gray door.
Michelle made her way off the path, into the low snow, toward the stranger and the bench. The woman’s blonde hair was tied up under her hat. She turned. Michelle guessed that she was in her late forties. The woman grinned.
“I’m sorry. I know I’m trespassing.”
“That’s quite all right,” Michelle said. “I’m just glad you can talk.”
“Pardon?”
“Stupid joke.”
The woman got up, and towered over Michelle. “I’m Anne-Marie Monroe.” She held her hand out. “I’m… I was one of Mistral Beaugrand’s daughters.”
“Hi.” Michelle shook her hand. “I’m Michelle Lowery, a friend of Sam Henderson.”
“I know I shouldn’t be here. I still have the key to the gray door.”
“It’s fine. Please, keep sitting.”
Anne-Marie sat back down. “I’m not going to cause any trouble.”
“Why would you?” Michelle sat down beside her. “May I join you?”
“Of course. I have no right to any of this place.”
“Why are you here?”
Anne-Marie smiled with sadness. “I just wanted to see if it still existed. This house. I haven’t seen it in over twenty years. And even then, my memories of it are from when I was a little girl.”
“Did you remember it differently?”
“No. I’m not going to lie to you. This house is in my dreams. Every night.”
Michelle shuddered. “Oh.”
“I guess, now that my father has passed, I hope never to dream of this house ever again.”
“Why?”
“I’m bidding this house goodbye.”
“Did something happen to you here?”
Anne-Marie turned to Michelle. “During the renovations, my little brother Julian died. He was somewhere he shouldn’t have been, and he got stuck. He would have lived if someone had found him in time, but we were all out. They didn’t find his body until late into the evening. We all thought he’d just vanished. Into thin air.”
“Oh my God.”
“My mother begged my father to leave, but this house has been in the Beaugrand family for generations. He refused to go. He kept saying everyone in the family could move if they wanted to. He’d buy them a house across Ferring. Within days, he went on with his life. But not the rest of us. Marguerite packed our bags. She was just a child herself but she was putting all of us into a car and we’d go live with my aunt, and leave father behind.”
“Did you leave then?”
“I have to go. I’m sorry.”
“Okay.”
Michelle watched as Anne Marie stood.
“Don’t stay in that house too long. It’ll take your mind, your sanity, eventually. Only my father was able to live in that house, unscathed. That’s why he never let the staff sleep inside. One of his rare deeds of selflessness.”
Anne-Marie walked off toward the gray door. Holy shit, Michelle thought. Wait ‘till Sam hears all this.
* * *
Sam made it to Shrug’s and saw Cass already sitting at a table, waiting for him.
“Hi,” he greeted.
Cass gave him a warm look. She seemed the friendliest she’d been in weeks. “Hi,” she replied. “Are you going to get a coffee?”
“I’m fine. Maybe in a minute. I’m just happy to finally spend some time with you.”
“It’s been hectic. I’m going back to school in a few days. I’m going to get my Masters… so I’ve got a lot to think about.”
“That’s great, Cass.”
“I just want to say that I had a great few weeks here. With you.”
“So have I.”
“But it’s not going anywhere. I mean, I don’t see this going anywhere further. I’ll be leaving and all.”
Sam nodded. He felt his face getting red. He felt angry. “Okay.”
“You agree?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“Good. I didn’t want there to be any hard feelings.”
“Can I ask you something?”
“Sure.”
“Why don’t you see this going anywhere further?”
Cass appeared taken aback. “I’m not sure. I mean, I’m leaving in a few days.”
“That’s it? Because I would have done the long distance thing.”
“I’ve done it,” Cass said, sounding defensive. “It doesn’t work.”
“But you wouldn’t have given it a try?”
“I barely know you.”
“You don’t want to know me, really. You don’t care to know more about me.”
Cass paused a moment, and then admitted, “I guess not.”
“And I’m cool with that. I don’t hold it against you. I just need to know. Because this keeps happening to me. I just need to ask someone: why?”
“A relationship between us wouldn’t work. It might with someone else.”
“Why? Cass, how did you come to that conclusion?”
 “I just feel it.” Cass was beginning to sound put out.
“What do you feel?”
“I feel old around you. I feel like you’re this little boy hopping around with this smile all the time, trying to please everyone. And to be honest, you come off as… desperate.”
That word fell on the table with a thud. Sam felt it in his heart.
“I didn’t mean it that way. I mean…”
“It’s okay. You’re being honest.”
“You’ve never been in relationship before. A long-term relationship. And I feel that. I just feel like I’ve been through a lot more than you. I want to be with someone who’s been through a lot too.”
Sam nodded. “Thank you… for your candor. Thanks.” He stood, and stuck his hand out to shake Cass’. “Good luck, with school and all.”
“You too.” She shook his hand without standing. “I know your company is going to do well.”
“Thanks.” Sam turned, and left, crushed.
* * *
On his way home on the bus, Sam got a text message from Michelle: “Meet me in the entrance when u get home?”
Sam texted back: “Sure. Be there in 15.”
As he walked into the house, Michelle was waiting in one of the armchairs for him. She stood.
“What’s up?” he asked.
“Are you all right?”
“Yeah, yeah, I just had a long day. What’s going on?”
“I met one of Mistral’s daughters today.”
“Where?” Sam looked concerned.
“She was sitting outside on one of the benches. She apologized and said she was just saying goodbye to the house.”
“Marguerite?”
“Anne-Marie.”
“Okay. Weird.”
“She said her baby brother died here when he was just a little boy.”
“Jesus. How?”
“She said he got stuck on something during the renovations. Did Mistral ever talk about him?”
“I never even knew he had a son.”
“I researched it on the internet, but I couldn’t find anything. I was hoping you might know something.”
“I don’t. You think this has something to do with the woman you saw, and Mistral?”
“It might.”
“But you never saw a boy.”
“I know. But it’s freaky that a boy died here years ago and Mistral and his family stayed.”
“Yeah, I guess that is freaky.”
“I’m sorry. I know he was your friend.”
“It’s still freaky. I’ll ask Mort. Maybe he knows what happened to that boy. Did she tell you his name?”
“Julian.”
“Julian. All right. I’ll ask Mort all about Julian. I’m going to hit the hay.”
“Okay.”
“You’re still leaving tomorrow night?”
“Yep.”
Sam looked cheerless. “Don’t leave until I get home, okay? I couldn’t bear it. This house is going to feel like one big black hole without you.”
“I miss you already.” Michelle put her arms around him. He hugged her back. “I have to get to my mom's. Help out Joey for a bit. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight.”
* * *
It was just past eleven in the evening when Michelle, after returning from her mother's, finished packing her suitcase on her bed. It was hard to believe that she would be seeing Paulo again after only one more night. At this time, tomorrow, she’d be lying next to him. A burst of joy erupted within her.
It was eleven-thirty when she put her head down on her pillow and closed her eyes. She dreamt. A boy ran past Anne-Marie Monroe who was sitting on the bench outside, except it was a sunny, summer day.
Michelle woke with a start. It was pitch-black in the room but for the digital alarm clock with its illuminated green numbers. She looked at the time. It was eight minutes past midnight.
She sat up. Did I just hear something?
Something had woken her.
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
A woman screamed right outside her door. High-pitched. Michelle shrieked back. In terror.
The scream outside the door continued as it went down the hall. Michelle stayed where she was, clutching the blankets. The scream trailed off, down to another part of the house. Michelle was shaking. She thought she could still hear it, far away, but she wasn’t sure.
She sat there, her body consumed by fear.
It was silent. Michelle could only hear her own heavy breathing. Then:
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
The scream. In the room. With her.
Michelle screeched, and shot out of bed, flinging her door open. She didn't stop as she raced down the hallway, and the person screaming chased after her, screaming right into her ear.
 “Sam!” she cried. “Sam!” She had no clue where his room was.
And this was no dream. She knew.
The scream followed her, staying on her right ear.
Michelle darted into another hallway. A shadow flew toward her from the opposite end. Michelle was cornered. She turned toward a door to open it but arms gripped her. She swung a hand at the figure holding her.
“Michelle! Michelle! It’s me. It’s me.”
There was still screaming. But it thundered from her chest, rupturing past her stretched lips. She was the only one screaming now, as she looked into the face of the man holding her.
“It’s me.” It was Sam’s familiar face. “Michelle, it’s just me.”
Michelle wrapped her arms around Sam who was still only in his T-shirt and boxer shorts.
“It’s just me,” he said as he held her. “It’s just me.”
“Oh, Sam,” Michelle managed to say between loud sobs. “Sam, I didn’t know where you were. I couldn’t find your room.”
“I’m here. I’m here now.”
“You heard it, right? You heard that screaming?”
“Yes. I heard you screaming.”
“There was a woman. She was screaming right outside my door.”
“You were screaming, Michelle.”
“I have to get out. I have to get out of this house.”
“Okay. I know. I’ll help you leave in the morning.”
“No. Now. Right now.”
“Just come to my room. Come to my room. You’ll be okay.”
“Is everything all right?”
Michelle looked up. Behind Sam, Andrew and Galen, both panting, and both in overcoats, were advancing toward them.
“Everything’s fine,” Sam told them.
“Was she screaming?” Andrew asked.
“Yes,” Sam answered. “She just had a bad dream.”
“It wasn’t a dream, Sam,” Michelle argued.
“It sounded like a bloody murder was taking place,” Andrew said.
“You heard it too, right?” Michelle attempted to confirm with Andrew. “You heard that woman screaming, before me.”
Andrew looked at Sam and then at Michelle. “It was quite loud. My house is a fair distance from here.”
“All right,” Sam said. “Come with me. You can sleep in my room.”
“Do you need anything?” Galen asked Sam.
“Just bring water,” Sam replied.
* * *
Michelle, sitting against the side of Sam’s bed, sipped her water. She put the glass down on the night table.
“I’ll sleep on the floor,” Sam said. 
“You believe me, right?” Michelle asked. “You believe that I heard that woman screaming. That it wasn’t just me screaming.”
“I don’t know, Michelle. I only heard you.”
Michelle looked into Sam’s eyes, baffled. “How would you know? How did you know it was me screaming? You don’t know.”
“You’re right.”
Michelle had tears in her eyes. “You don’t believe me.”
“I think you dreamt the other screaming.”
“I was fully awake, Sam. I was up. Something woke me up. And then it started. This shrieking.”
“But sometimes when you just wake up, you’re still not all awake, you know? That happens to me all the time.”
“It wasn’t like that.”
“Okay.”
“It’s this house, Sam. There’s something wrong with this house.”
“Is that what Anne-Marie Monroe told you?”
“No. I feel it. There’s something deeply wrong with this house. Don’t you feel it?”
“No, I don’t. I love this house.”
“Everything I’ve seen: Mistral, Russ, the woman; I wasn’t dreaming then. I was fully awake.”
“There’s nothing wrong with this house, Michelle.”
Michelle looked into Sam’s eyes. Her own eyes remained glassy. “So you’re saying it’s me. There’s something wrong with me.”
“I didn’t say that.”
“Sam, my whole life, everyone’s looked at me like there’s something wrong with me. Like there’s something about me that sickens them. But not you. Never you.”
“I would never look at you that way.”
Michelle hesitated before she said, “You are now.”
“That’s not true.”
“I’ll sleep here tonight. With you. But I am never stepping foot in this house again.” Michelle lay down in Sam’s bed, pulling the covers over herself.
Galen brought a cot for Sam to sleep in and left for his own house on the property.
It was silent in the dark, and what Michelle did not know as she fell fast asleep, from exhaustion, was that Sam didn’t sleep that night.



Wednesday, January 8

At seven-thirty in the morning, Sam’s mobile vibrated. He lurched to grab it before it woke Michelle and took it out into the hallway. The caller ID indicated that it was one of his manufacturers.
“Hello?”
“Sam,” a male voice said at the other end. “I’m at the shop. There might be a problem with your order this morning.”
Sam listened to the problem. “Stay put, I’ll be right over.”
Still buttoning his wool coat, Sam charged out of the house. He saw Galen treading up the path. “There’s a problem at work,” Sam told him. “Michelle’s still in my room. Attend to her every need. I’ll be back as soon as possible.”
* * *
Michelle awoke only a few minutes after Sam left. She sat up and discovered the empty cot. She put her housecoat on which Galen had brought over from her room last night and made her way to the kitchen where she found Galen waiting for her.
“Sam went out to his work on an emergency,” Galen informed her. “He told me to tell you he’ll be right back.”
“Galen, please take my bag from my room and bring it here. I packed everything last night but what’s in the bathroom and the alarm clock. I can’t go back there. Bring everything, please. I’m taking the next train out of Ferring.”
“Very well.”
Michelle went back to Sam’s room and entered his ensuite bathroom. She splashed water on her face and dried off with a towel. In the mirror, the diamond Sam gave her for Christmas glistened below her neck. She smiled in spite of herself. It had been a wonderful Christmas day.
But I can’t wear it inside Penn Station when I first see Paulo again.
She unclasped the necklace and removed it.
She left a note on Sam’s bed:
“Thank you. I’m glad I got to know you like this. I will never forget our Christmas. I’ll call you tonight. Had to leave. Couldn’t stay here any longer. Love, always, Michelle.”
She kissed the note. She wasn’t sure why. It’s not as if I’m leaving behind some cheesy lipstick mark for a lover. What I really want to do is kiss him.
* * *
Michelle closed the gray door along the trees as the cab driver loaded her carryon and suitcase into the taxi’s trunk. She sat in the backseat. As the taxi pulled away, she texted Joey, apologizing for leaving in such a rush, and letting him know that their mother’s car was parked at La Porte Grise. If he could work something out with Sam to pick it up or perhaps Sam could drop it off, that would be great. She waited for him to text back, to say it was okay that she was taking off, to say it was okay that she had left the car behind. He didn’t text back. But her phone received another text, from someone else. Trevor.
“R u still in ferring?”
She texted him. “On my way 2 train statn.”
“Meet u there,” he texted back.
Shit, she thought. I don’t have time for this.
As she entered the tiny train station, she surveyed her surroundings. No Trevor. Good. With her one suitcase and one carryon bag, she booted toward the ticket counter. She needed the first train to New York City, which she knew left a few times a day. She knew she’d have no problem exiting Ferring very soon.
“Michelle?”
Shit. Michelle turned around. Trevor.
“I’m glad I caught you.” He paused for a moment as he looked into her face. “Are you all right?”
“I’m fine. I’m actually in a hurry.”
“You were leaving without saying goodbye?”
“Yes, I was.”
“What happened to you? I mean, you don’t look so good.”
“I don’t always look that great.”
“Are you sure you’re okay?”
“I’m not okay. Most of the time, I’m not okay. This is who I am now. I’m older and I’m carrying a lot of shit around. I’m sure the way I look like now is not what you’ve been daydreaming about. This fantasy you have of me, it’s ten years old. Drop it. You still want a relationship with me? ‘Cause this is what I look like now.”
“What happened?”
“Life.”
“I mean what just happened to you?”
“I’m tired and I want to go home.”
“You are home.”
“Not anymore.”
“Stay here. With me. I don’t care if you can’t sleep with me anymore. I just want to be with you. Stay. Please. I’ll never feel the way I felt about you with anyone else.”
“Neither will I, Trev, but that was centuries ago. We were each other’s first loves. But we’re not the same people. I’m not that little skinny girl.”
“I’m sorry. Maybe if I had done things differently. You wouldn’t have lost…” Trevor stopped himself.
“I wouldn’t have lost the baby?”
“We don’t have to sleep together ever again.”
“Losing the baby is not why I won’t sleep with you. Your parents wanted to adopt the baby, remember that?”
Trevor said nothing.
“Abortion was an option, keeping it, and then your parents; your rich parents swooping in to save the day, saying they would raise it as their own.”
“They were trying to be helpful.”
“They wanted a DNA test.”
Trevor said nothing back.
“I had never been with anyone before you.” Michelle’s voice cracked as tears formed in her eyes. “And you knew that. Even though your friends spread rumors about me, you were my first. I gave you my trust when I slept with you. It felt like I gave myself to you. I was just a little girl.”
Trevor still said nothing.
“Your parents wouldn’t commit to anything before a test. And it hurt, but I could have gotten over it, if they were the ones who asked me for it. But you were the one. Trevor, you were the one who asked.”
They stared at one another, tears falling from both their eyes.
“You didn’t just break my heart, Trevor. What it felt like… it felt like you broke me. Like you ended me.”
Michelle grabbed the handle of her suitcase.
“And that’s why I could never give you that trust again. You have a chance now, to start anew. Take it. Goodbye.”
Trevor wiped his tears as Michelle rolled her suitcase away.
She entered the bathroom. She needed to gather herself. She looked at her reflection in the mirror. She really didn’t look good. She needed more sleep, and maybe some food. She put her hand on her neck where the necklace used to be. Did I put that in the suitcase? Shoot, I left it on the sink in Sam’s bathroom. Shit.
Michelle barged out of the bathroom. She had to go back. She’d fetch the necklace and come right back.
* * *
Sam had just made it back into the office from the manufacturer. He looked at his iPhone. It was already ten fifteen in the morning. He had to call Michelle to see how she was doing. His mobile vibrated. He answered it. “Hello?”
“Hi,” said a young male who sounded like he was outside on a windy street. “It’s Joey Lowery, Michelle’s brother.”
“Joey, how are you?”
“Listen, my sister texted me that she was leaving today.”
“I don’t think she’s leaving until tonight.”
“She told me she left our mother’s car at your house. Do you mind if I pick it up in the next hour? I have some time to kill before I head to the library.”
“No problem. I’ll let Galen know that you’ll be coming by. I’m sure Michelle left the keys with him.”
Sam hung up as Ricky came into his office. “Sam, I need to talk to you. Ramón thinks he can make the deadline.”
“That’s awesome. Let me call him. And then I have to call Michelle. I think she might be leaving sooner than I thought.”
* * *
The cab pulled up to the gray door.
“Just hold on,” Michelle told the driver as she stepped out. “I’ll be back out in five minutes.”
She saw Joey driving from the other direction, coming toward them in their mother’s blue Ford Escort. He was driving around the property from the estate’s car park and garage.
“Can you take my bags out?” she asked the cab driver through the driver’s window as she handed him a few bills. “This might take longer than five minutes.”
Joey parked their mother’s car and got out. “So you’re leaving,” he said, slamming the car door. He didn’t look happy.
 “Yes. I’m sorry. I just need to go.”
“Really? You just need to go? Right now?” 
The cab pulled away.
“I need to leave, Joey. I feel like I’m losing my mind here.”
“You never even told me you were leaving today. We’re not even done in mom’s house.”
“We’re almost done, and I’ve done all I can do. I’m just leaving a few hours earlier. I need to go, Joey. I just need to go.”
“Then you know what? Just go. I’ll just pick up the car and whatever other mess you left behind. I guess that’s my job. I forgot.”
“Joey…”
“The first time I ever saw mom cry was right after you just needed to go.”
“What? Mom cried?”
“Yeah. She cried. And she cried when dad left her. And she cried when she got sick. And then when she could barely walk, or use the bathroom by herself. But how would you know? You’re never here. You always just need to go. You left me here, Michelle. You left me here all alone. And I could have used your help. Not just now, but many, many times.”
“I’m so sorry, Joey.”
“Just go. Go. I’m fine. I’m fine on my own now. I don’t need your help anymore.”
“Joey…”
Joey got into his mother’s car.
“Joey…”
The Ford Escort moved away.
* * *
Sam walked into La Porte Grise with a wrapped box almost half his size. It had wide purple ribbon and a giant, purple bow. It was only noon. He had called Michelle and left a message for her. She had responded with a text that she was heading back to the house.
“Michelle?” he yelled out. “Michelle?”
He opened the door to the entrance closet. A pair of her boots remained. He felt some hope.
He glanced down at his mobile phone. She hadn’t answered his last text yet.
“Michelle?”
He scuttled toward her wing and burned up the stairs. He pushed open her door. The room was bare. He swiveled and ran back down the stairway, and into another hall. Galen strode out of the laundry room.
“Can I help you?” he asked.
“Galen, did she leave yet?”
“She came back to pick something up. And then she was gone. She didn’t say goodbye.”
“She didn’t?” Sam looked dejected.
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay. I just didn’t want her to leave. I just didn’t know how to tell her. She has her own life, you know. This place, this life… my life… it’s not for her.”
* * *
Sam had a quiet dinner in the west dining room. He had never felt more alone in all his years. He went to his movie theater to watch a new release, but it did nothing to console him. He went to the secret tower room with a mug of hot cider. He couldn’t stomach wine tonight; it would only make him more depressed. He didn’t want to go to sleep. He knew that waking in the morning, knowing he was the only soul living in this house would be the lowest state of being.
When he did go to bed, he lay awake for awhile and then, thankfully, he fell asleep.
At one in the morning, his iPhone vibrated on the night table. Sam woke. Michelle? Did she finally get all my messages? He looked at the caller ID. It was a Manhattan number that he didn’t recognize. “Hello?”
“Hello,” said a man at the other end. “Is this Sam Henderson?”
“Yes. Who is this?”
“I’m so sorry to call you this late. This is about Michelle.”
“What about Michelle?”
“My name is Paulo Rodrigo. Michelle was supposed to meet me here at Penn Station tonight. She never showed.”
“What?” Sam sat up in bed.
“We made arrangements to meet here several hours ago. Her brother Joey suggested I call you. That she might still be at the house.”
“No. She left on a train this afternoon.”
“I’ve called all her friends. I checked with her roommate in the city. She never made it here.”
“Are you sure? Have you tried her cell?”
“The voicemail box is full. I’m worried. I’m really worried.”
“So am I.”



Thursday, January 9

Detective Harold Dempsey and Detective Manny Myerson arrived at La Porte Grise in the early morning. Joey and his wife Helen arrived at six. They gathered in the study.
“Is there any evidence of recent violence?” Detective Dempsey asked. He was in his forties, rake thin and tall at six feet four inches.
“No,” Sam answered. He was growing impatient. He looked over at Joey.
“Not that I know of,” Joey added. “No.”
“Is there something that would lead you to believe that Michelle not showing up at Penn Station is unusual?” Dempsey asked.
“Only that she said she’d be there,” Sam replied. “Isn’t that unusual enough?”
“Joey?” Dempsey asked.
“She never really keeps us up to date on where she is at any given time,” Joey answered. “I really don’t feel like I know her all that well anymore.”
Sam rolled his eyes at Joey’s answer. This is not helping.
“Have you talked to everyone she knew here in Ferring?” Detective Myerson asked. He was much shorter than Dempsey, with dark hair and a slight Brooklyn accent.
“I just called Chelsea, her best friend,” Sam said, “and she hasn’t seen her since Monday afternoon which was Michelle’s last day at work.”
“Anyone else?” Myerson asked.
“I think Joey was the last person who saw her and that was around noon yesterday, right here by the road.”
“And that’s when you had that fight?” Dempsey asked.
“Yes,” Joey answered. Sam could see that Joey felt guilty. Helen, his wife, rubbed his back, and Sam could tell that Joey wanted her to stop. He wanted her gone. He didn’t need anyone’s support. Not until he knew Michelle was okay.
“All right,” Myerson said. “We’ll have to check with the railway and bus lines. See if she ever boarded anything.”
Andrew walked into the study. “Any news?” he asked.
“No,” Sam answered. “But we need your help. I have no idea where the security cameras are. We need to see what time Michelle left the house yesterday. Would we still have footage of that?”
“Yes. Follow me.”
Everyone trailed Andrew out of the study and toward a small door straight across the hallway. Andrew opened it and entered a narrow corridor.
“What the hell is this place?” Sam asked, moving forward.
“Mister Beaugrand always had the latest installed in security. All exits in the house are under video surveillance and all footage is saved for months on several hard drives.”
Andrew pulled a key ring from his pocket and opened a door on his left.
“And you never bothered to tell me about this… room,” Sam said.
“You were a guest. You’ve only owned this house for a few days now.”
Andrew led them into a room with a bank of flat screen monitors mounted in rows and columns on the wall facing them.
“Here,” Andrew said, pressing a few buttons on a full-sized QWERTY keyboard. High definition, color footage popped up on the monitors, each displaying an individual exit. Andrew punched in more data and yesterday’s date and the time, 6:00 am, were added to the top left of all screens. He fast forwarded through the day.
The monitor screening footage from the main entrance showed Andrew approaching the house at six-thirty am… followed by a few staff members entering… followed by Sam bolting out… followed by Michelle leaving with her small suitcase and carryon. At a quarter to eleven, Michelle approached, lugging her suitcase and carryon. Goosebumps rose on Sam’s skin. Something about Michelle’s walk was wrong. She seemed to be lingering.
“Stop,” he ordered. “Let it run at normal speed.”
Andrew did as he was told.
“She’s crying,” Sam said. He glanced at Joey who was looking back at him, red with guilt.
“Probably from our fight,” Joey offered.
Sam watched the monitor as Michelle disappeared into the house.
“So she came back to grab something?” Dempsey asked.
“That’s what she texted me,” Sam responded.
“We’ll need to call the cab companies,” Dempsey told Myerson. “Maybe one of them took her back to the train station.”
“Andrew,” Sam said. “Fast forward, please.”
Andrew proceeded. It was now past eleven-thirty on the digital time displays. Michelle still hadn’t left the house.
“Did anyone see her during the time she was here?” Dempsey asked.
“Like I said, I asked the staff and Galen only saw her as she came in,” Sam said.
“She’s been in the house for almost an hour now.”
Sam’s breathing quickened. He knew he was about to show up on the monitors coming home. Did I just miss Michelle leaving?
And then it was noon on the monitors and Sam was hurrying home with the large box wrapped in purple ribbon.
“She never left the house,” Dempsey said in disbelief. He turned to Sam. “Did you leave the house at any time after this?”
“No.”
The footage continued to fast forward.
“She left a pair of winter boots behind in the closet in the entrance. I thought she just forgot them. She has two or three pairs.”
The video fast forwarded up until now. At no time was there any footage of Michelle leaving the house.
“Perhaps she slipped through a window?” Andrew said, smirking.
“What the fuck?” The next thing Sam knew, he was gripping Andrew by the shirt collar and pinning him onto the computer keyboard. “Are you joking about this, you ass wipe? You were in the house when she was here. Did you do something to her?”
“What are you implying?” Andrew said.
“Hey, hey,” Dempsey said as he and Myerson yanked Sam off of Andrew. “Let’s all calm down. This is a big house. Maybe she fell or got hurt in here and we haven’t seen her.”
“I’m fine,” Sam said. Dempsey and Myerson released him.
“All right,” Dempsey said. “Let’s all just search the house. Andrew, I’m sure you know the house better than anyone here. Perhaps you can all help us out.”
Andrew readjusted his shirt and suit. “Of course.”
* * *
They searched everywhere, with Sam even showing Myerson the secret tower room.
“One of your staff came across some bags,” Dempsey told him in the hallway. Sam and Myerson followed him into the study where everyone had regrouped. There was a suitcase and a carryon bag on the desk. Galen looked up at him.
“I found these in the movie theater behind the screen,” he said.
“They’re Michelle’s,” Sam said, going straight for the carryon.
“I know,” Galen replied.
“Someone hid them there,” Sam told Dempsey. “Hoping to get them out of the house later when no one was looking.”
“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves,” Dempsey advised.
Sam reached into a side pocket of the carryon and pulled out Michelle’s iPhone. He glanced up at Dempsey. “Turned off.” Sam turned it on. “Battery’s still full. Lots of messages.”
“Okay, this could all be evidence,” Myerson announced. “No one touch anything else.”
“No one leave Ferring,” Dempsey added.
“Are we all suspects now?” Andrew asked.
“No,” Dempsey answered.
“Not yet anyway,” Andrew concluded.
* * *
In the late afternoon, Sam sat on his bed with an opened file folder. Inside was a copy of Mistral’s will. He flipped through pages. He stopped. He read a name and address: Marguerite Seville, 29 Front Street, Albany, New York. He looked out the window. It was already dark outside. And snowing. He pulled on his notebook computer lying beside him. He clicked on the internet and typed in the name Seville and then the address. The listing “A E Seville” popped up, along with a telephone number. Sam picked up his iPhone and punched in the number.
“Hello,” a woman answered at the other end.
“Miss Seville?” Sam asked.
“Yes. Who is this?”
“It’s Sam Henderson.”
“Why are you calling here? Mort can contact our lawyers.”
“I need to know more about the layout of the house. Any rooms that are hidden.”
“I’m sure there are other means to retrieve that information.”
“My friend has been missing since yesterday. Security cameras show that she never left the house. I’m desperate.”
There was a long pause.
“Miss Seville?” Sam said.
“There’s a room that overlooks the gardens. Access to it is behind a table in the west hallway.”
“I’ve looked there. But there’s also a door in the kids’ study behind some shelving. On the upper level. We can’t open that door.”
“That door led into my mother’s sewing room. Those shelves must have been put there after my sister and I left.”
 “Why would Mistral have that door permanently sealed off?”
“I’m not sure. My family lost its mind during the renovations.”
“Because of Julian?”
There was another pause.
“My sister and I got out in time. I’m not so sure about the others. I’m not so sure about your friend.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“Let’s meet. I’m in Albany but I can drive out. Not to the house.”
“Shrug’s Café. Downtown.”
“Good. In an hour. There’s a storm coming tonight. I want to make it back home in time.”
* * *
Sam borrowed Galen’s car and sped into downtown Ferring, straight to Shrug’s Café. When he shoved the café’s door open, Marguerite Seville turned around from her table, her striking red hair tied up at the back. 
“Thanks for meeting me.” Sam sat down across from her. “What can you tell me?” 
“What do you want to know?” Marguerite had a mug with a tea bag string and label hanging from it.
“I want to know if there are any rooms I should be looking in to find my friend. I want to know where the hell you think she is.”
“My father never let anyone sleep inside the house, not after what happened. Everyone’s always lost their minds in that house.”
“You think Michelle lost her mind.”
“Yes.”
“What happens, when people lose their minds? Do they just disappear? Or do they end up somewhere in particular, inside the house?” Sam wasn’t sure if he made sense, or if he even sounded like a rational human being, but at this point, he didn’t know what else to ask.
“Anne-Marie told Michelle about Julian, our little brother. Did Michelle tell you?”
“He died. He got stuck somewhere during the renovations.”
“My older brother Yves was supposed to be watching him but he was off somewhere with a girl.”
“I’ve never heard of Yves.”
“I begged my father that we leave the house. Yves was losing his grip on reality. He claimed to have seen Julian still walking the halls of La Porte Grise, giggling, running away from him, knocking on his door at night. My mother just sobbed and stayed in bed.”
“Where’s Yves now?”
“He hung himself, in his bedroom, two weeks after Julian’s death.”
Sam went cold. “Mistral never told me he had sons.”
“Anne-Marie and I couldn’t bear to stay in that house but our mother wouldn’t budge. She said we had to stay with our father. We couldn’t abandon him in a big house all alone. I screamed that we had to leave. We were all walking around, guilt-ridden, like ghosts, like we had died as well. Weeks passed, and my mother stopped talking, and one day, she took a bottle of sleeping pills and lay in a bath in my parents’ bathroom. And then there was only Anne-Marie, my father and me. I never said good bye to him. I just called us a taxi cab and we were gone. I came once, twenty years ago, but I didn’t go through that front door. We saw our father every now and then, but Anne-Marie and I will never return inside La Porte Grise.”
“Where is she? Where’s Michelle?”
“I don’t know.”
“Why am I not seeing things?” Sam asked, skeptical. “Why am I not losing my mind like everyone else?”
“My father never saw any apparitions either. Neither did I, but I didn’t stick around long enough to find out.”
“You can’t help me.”
“I’m not sure why my father left you that house, but he did it for a reason. He wants you there. He wants you to do something.”
“Right now, I don’t really care.”
Marguerite took a sip of her tea.
“Is there a room somewhere?” Sam asked. “A room we missed? That sewing room beside the kids’ study, is there another way inside?”
“That room had its own entrance in the third floor hallway, with a stairway leading up.”
“That doorway’s not there anymore.” Sam sighed. Marguerite was a dead end. “What about Julian? What room did he die in? Is that closed off too?”
“No. It’s out in the open. At least it was when we left.”
“Where did he die?”
“In the west wing. In one of the bathrooms. During the renovations, part of the third floor was removed so that the plumbing could be redone. He fell through the floor and a steel rod pierced through his chest.”
“Jesus.”
“We couldn’t find him at first. But when we did, we found a wrench by his hand. As he bled to death, to get attention, anyone’s attention, he had been banging on the pipes.”
Sam froze. “I know that third floor bathroom. It’s over one of the guest bedrooms.”
“Maybe it is now. That was Yves’ old bedroom.”
Sam stood. “I’ve heard your brother. I’ve heard him banging on those pipes. And I’m not losing my fuckin’ mind.”
Sam stormed out of the café.
On the street, heavy snow whipped against his face. He yanked the car door open, jumped in and sped back toward La Porte Grise.
* * *
Outside the house, Sam opened the door to a garden shed and flicked on the overhead light. He grabbed a pickax. He eyed a Maglite flashlight on a worktable so he snatched that as well, shoving it between his belt and waist.
Inside, he marched into his office, and gripped the picture of Mistral on the desk. “I don't know what you wanted me to do here but you better help out, you bastard.” He slammed the picture down, and moved out with the pickax held up against his shoulder.
Inside the kids’ study, he stepped up the metal, spiral stairway to the catwalk and then moved down to the west wall. He turned along the wall, and continued on the catwalk.
He entered the second aisle of shelves and books, approaching the shelving against the wall. With one hand, he tugged books, making them crash to the catwalk and revealing the knob-less door blocked off with shelves running across it. Sam lifted the pickax with both hands and smashed it down into the shelving. Again and again. The shelving cracked.
He pulled the pieces off. He pushed at the door. The door wouldn't move.
Sam picked up the pickax once more and swung it at the door, hauling broken pieces off with the ax.
“Fuck.”
Behind the door was a brick wall. Sam swung at the wall beside the door. As chunks fell away, more of the brick revealed itself.
“Why would you brick this room up?”
He put the ax down.
“There's another way in there,” he muttered.
He stepped out of the aisle, and noticed the small windows facing south. He moved to the closest one, undid the top latch and heaved the window up. Snow blasted in, and the wind outside howled. He crawled out into the night, onto the part of the roof below the window.
His left hand hit the hard snow first. It was icy and slippery and hurt as he touched it. He brought his legs out next. The roof was at a steep, slanted angle. How the hell am I going to hang on?
He could see how far up he was. Four stories. He held onto the windowsill as he maneuvered his entire body onto the frozen roof, the wind and snow pushing against him. His knees slipped, and his face smacked against the windowsill.
That fuckin’ hurt.
He reached his right hand back inside, and pulled out the pickax. He lifted his body up on his hands and knees, his left hand still holding onto the windowsill.
With his right hand, he swung the pickax into the roof. It stuck in the ice-encrusted snow. He inched along the roof, using the pickax to secure himself. His knees slipped once more. He gripped the ax, but it dislodged from the ice. He slid, plummeting toward the edge. He swung the pick ax down again, and felt the roof end, his elbows banging against its edge. His body dangled free in the glacial air as he stopped.
Shit.
His grip was sliding off the pickax’s handle, the howling wind pulling on him. He let go of the handle, and gripped the gutter. It held his weight but was frozen to the touch.
I should have worn fuckin’ gloves.
He swung his right leg up onto the roof and climbed, punching into the hard snow to get a good hold. He plucked his pickax and crept down low, into the snow, like an approaching soldier. He closed in on his target: the dormer window.
He grabbed onto the dormer window’s side wall and moved up closer. He was frozen to the bone, and the frosty wind made his forehead feel like it was being pummeled with a block of ice.
He faced the glass of the window. It was pitch-black; he couldn’t see what was on the other side.
“Fuck with me,” he said, raising the pickax over his head. “I’m ready.”
He swung the pickax down. The window cracked. “You want to fuck with somebody’s mind!” he yelled, heaving the pickax up again. “Fuck with me!” He landed the pickax down, shattering the window. He hammered it, again and again, pulverizing the glass. “Fuck with me!”
Snow blew into the dark of the room, as Sam jumped in himself, falling to his knees.
He looked up. He couldn’t see anything but the snow rushing in. He reached for his Maglite flashlight, held between his belt and his waist. He shone it ahead.
“Michelle?”
Surrounding him, everywhere he turned, were stacks of framed pictures, open shoeboxes with loose photographs, portraits, photo albums. The room was a repository for images of every kind.
Sam gripped a framed picture from a stack and shone the flashlight on it. It was covered in dust. He wiped it with his elbow and looked again. The picture showed Mistral, thinner, his wife and their four children: three teenagers and one little boy of perhaps seven, all in front of their house.
The little boy’s face was out of focus.
“It’s a fucking storage room,” Sam said, letting the framed photo collide with the floor. “For your past.”
Sam aimed the flashlight around. He was startled when the light hit someone’s face, sitting by a Singer sewing machine and its dark table. He felt his own skin tingle with fright.
“You shouldn’t have done that,” the face said.
“Mistral?”
The pallid visage looked like it might belong to Sam’s old friend.
“Mistral, what the fuck is going on?”
“Things are about to get really bad for you,” the man said.
“Why did you do this to us?”
“I thought you would have had time to deal with this accordingly, but not like this. Not this fast. And your friend. She was so intuitive. So sad. I never thought you would bring someone like that here. Or anyone for that matter. Not this soon.”
“What is happening, Mistral?”
“I’m sorry. Sam, I am so sorry.”
“Where is she?”
“When I first met you, you were just a boy. But you were so tough. I saw it. In you. Unrefined. Rough around the edges. Someone could stick you in a vat of shit and close the lid, and you’d find a way to survive. I actually believed I rescued you from a vat of shit.”
“What are you talking about?”
“But it was you. You did it. That’s the thing about you. You hold it back. I’ve never known why.”
“Shut up. Just tell me where she is.”
“You’ve spent most of your life trying to come off as sophisticated, or finessed, gentle. Like you’re civilized.” Mistral laughed. “Trying to cover it up. It embarrasses you, who you really are. You’re a savage. You’re an angry savage. Why hide that?”
“You’re not making sense.”
“I know things now, since I left. Things about you. I’ve seen what you’ve done. You’ve eaten garbage straight from a trashcan. Fed your little brother garbage too. You forced yourself to forget that, didn’t you?”
“Just tell me where she is, Mistral.”
“But you had to. You were hungry. You had to. To survive.”
“You can’t help me, can you?”
“Don’t hide that part of you. It’s your greatest asset.”
“You don’t know where she is.”
Mistral looked sad. “No one can reach her. Not now.”
“Help me!” Sam exploded. “Help me find her!”
Mistral looked like he was about to cry. He had never looked this way when he was alive. “This is not what I had planned. This is not what I wanted for you. I’m sorry, Sam. I’m so sorry.”
He was no longer at the sewing table.
“Mistral!” Sam yelled at the emptiness.
The wind wailed.
Someone giggled near his left. Sam aimed his light there. A stack of photo albums crashed to the floor. The wind shrieked and snow shot at Sam, shoving him back. He turned toward the shattered window. From the darkness of the night, a tidal wave, made of snow, grew, towering over the house.
An avalanche.
It smashed against the outside wall, flooding the room through the window. Sam didn’t have time to react as the avalanche covered over him, knocking him back and burying him alive.
The snow felt like a knife, stabbing every part of his body. His head throbbed. He couldn’t move. His shut eyelids were frozen against the iced whiteness. He could breathe but he was panicking; not being able to move was too much to bear. Stop, he told himself. Just stop. How do I get out of this? He remembered something. A conversation he had:
“What scares you?”
“I don’t know. Weird stuff I guess. Like being stuck in a fire and burning.”
“Whoa,” Michelle said. “That is scary. What made you think of that?”
“I don’t know. I just think that would be the scariest thing.”
“But what else? Something real.”
“That is real. I’m also scared of being buried in snow, in the Antarctic, and I’m freezing and no one knows I’m there. No one can find me. No one can help me. And I’m freezing for days and it’s hurting really, really bad. That’s fucking scary.”
“What scares you the most? The fire or the cold.”
“Maybe with the fire, I could die right there and be done with it, you know? But being buried in snow and ice – that could last for hours… for days… Not being able to move even just a little. That just sounds awful.”
It’s my mind, Sam realized. This is just my mind. Feeling these things. I’m not buried in snow. I’m in the sewing room.
Even though he couldn’t, Sam pretended that he could open his eyes. I can see it: the sewing room. All the pictures. I can see it.
He pretended to see all the photographs and portraits at his feet. He stomped his shoes. He was there. The wind was blowing in snow from outside through the broken window.
There was something familiar about the cold. His iced toes. He felt something against his hands. He looked at them. He was wearing red mittens, hand-knitted, and he was holding onto icy monkey bars. He looked up. It was dark outside. He was outdoors.
“Did she forget us?”
He turned, and faced Paul, his younger brother. Only Paul was seven and wearing a toque, mittens and a snowsuit two sizes too big for him.
“Do you think she forgot?” Paul asked. “It got dark so fast.”
Sam remembered where he was. He was only nine. Words spilled from his mouth, beyond his control. These were words he had spoken that night, a long time ago. “She’ll be back in a minute.”
He scanned their surroundings. They were in a park. You had to walk on the road through the field to get here. They had just moved down that road last week. They were renting a bungalow with closet-sized rooms, but at least they didn’t have to live in that dirty building anymore.
“She was drinking a beer, Sam. Maybe she forgot.”
Where was she? Oh yeah. Her friend Rory picked her up in that loud, rusty car and she said she’d be right back. How long ago was that?
“I’m cold,” Paul said. “I’m not having fun anymore.”
“Let’s go on the swings.” Sam was shivering himself.
“Do you know how to get home?”
Sam turned. He could see the lights from the houses in the distance, through the white blanketed cornfield. “Yeah, I think I do.”
“Maybe she went back home and she just forgot.”
“I don’t think she’d do that. She wouldn’t leave us here.”
“We need to go, Sam. I'm so cold. My hands are freezing, and my toes hurt.”
Sam didn’t have keys to their new house but maybe they could get in through a window. “Okay, let’s go.”
They trekked to the road and kept moving. Sam gave Paul his mittens to put over Paul’s own and then told his little brother to put his hands in his coat and to keep them there.
“They’ll feel better, I promise.”
“My fingers hurt,” Paul said. He had tears streaming down his face.
“You’ll be okay, I promise.”
Paul was tired, so Sam carried him piggyback. When they made it to their street, Paul was crying into Sam’s back.
The lights were off at the bungalow.
“Wait here,” Sam told Paul, letting him slide off his back. Through the high snow, he staggered around the house and tried all the windows. All were locked.
“I’m cold,” Paul cried out.
“I know,” Sam said. “Come with me.”
Sam made his way up the steps to the identical bungalow next door and rang the doorbell.
The door opened, gripped by a man, unshaven, balding and wearing a white T-shirt and navy work slacks. The warm air spilling out felt wonderful.
“Who are you?” the man asked.
“Hi,” Sam said, trying to give this stranger his best smile. “We just moved in next door and our mother just dropped us off so she could run a few errands but she forgot to give us a key. So we’re stuck out here.”
“What do you want from me?”
“Can we come in so we can wait?”
“I don’t know you from Adam. Why don’t you wait on your own stoop? Your mom will be back any minute.”
The present-day Sam was still watching this unfold like a movie through the eyes of his younger self, and there was nothing he could do or say. Everything was playing out as it had all those years ago. But as he watched, he kept forgetting he was watching. He kept having to remind himself that this was just a memory.
And even though he knew what would happen next, he still felt surprised by what came forth from his younger self’s mouth.
“Is there something stuck in your eye that you can’t see right? My little brother is hurting bad from the cold out here and he’s just a little kid.” Sam grabbed his brother’s hand and made his way past the man. “We’re coming in so move.” 
“Take your boots off,” Sam instructed Paul as he removed his own boots and coat. He laid both their coats on the floor and took his brother’s hand again. They moved into the living room where they sat on the couch. Sam looked up at his neighbor’s wife who was sitting in an armchair watching Wheel of Fortune on a twenty-inch screen, tube television set with rabbit ears.
“We’re just going to wait here until my mother comes home,” Sam told the woman.
“Do you want something to drink?” the man asked.
“You can bring a glass of water for my brother. Please.”
“Do you have a number for your mom?” the woman asked.
“She doesn’t have a cell phone.”
“Okay,” the woman responded.
“Why would your mother leave you outside in this weather?” the man asked.
Paul cuddled into Sam on the couch. His teeth were chattering. Sam put his arm around him to warm him, to protect him.
“Your mom just runs around, hanging out in bars.”
Kids laughed.
Sam turned; he was in a school hallway surrounded by eleven-year-olds. He could feel his skin getting hot. He was angry. But why? And then he saw him as he continued to turn….
David.
David’s hair was close-cropped. He had gotten it shaved when he had first started taking medication and his hair was falling out. His hair had just started growing back.
He had light brown eyes.
And he looked so weak.
Jesus, the present-day Sam thought. He’s at death’s door. With horror, the adult Sam realized where he was. I don’t want to relive this. Please, don’t make me relive this.
Sam charged at David, grabbing him by the collar of his sweater. “Say that again.”
“I think everyone here already knows what your mom is,” David replied.
“You fuck.” Sam threw David against the wall. The present-day Sam could not stop what was happening. I don’t want to relive all this. Stop what you’re doing to me. What do you want from me?
“This is your life now,” he heard a boy say. Sam turned to look down the hallway. He saw the back of a blond boy moving away behind some girls.
“You’ll snap out of it every now and then, but you’ll get pulled back in, until you can’t take it anymore. Until you lose yourself.”
You mean my mind.
“I mean you.”
Sam closed in on David, about to hurt him. He didn’t want to do this. There must be a way to stop this. If I could change one moment in my entire life, this would be it…
“You can’t stop it. You can’t change the past. It’s already happened.”
David swung a fist at him. “You’re the fuck,” he said, unable to cover up the growing fear in his eyes.
Sam caught his fist, gripped the wrist and twisted it, making David’s body spin. “Ow,” David gasped.
Sam was now facing David’s back. He lifted David’s wrist and arm high behind David’s shoulder blades.
David screamed. In agony. Searing Sam’s eardrums.
Sam wasn’t done with him.
Something struck Sam in the chest, knocking him off his feet. The adult Sam felt an instant rush of relief.
Sam stared up into the face of an eleven-year-old Ricky who had just tackled him away. Even then, he had whitish blond hair. Ricky whispered down to him, “He’s sick, man… He’s sick.”
Sam stood, along with his mother and an eight-year-old Paul. They were dressed up, in a packed church. He didn’t remember getting ready this morning. A coffin was rolled down the aisle by several men in dark suits. Sam stared upon the varnished box. It was so small. He didn’t know what to do. He felt so heavy. Something was ending. Something was over. What now? Does anything go on after this? Is there anything left after today?
They had to move down the pew. Sam inhaled as he stepped sideways. He was moving forward, down the hallway. He had to get to the principal’s office. There had been a math test. Everything on the piece of paper had looked like a foreign language to him. He hadn’t known how to do any of it. He hadn’t listened in class or done his homework in weeks. During the test, he had made some girls laugh. The teacher had had enough. “You just don’t know when to quit.”
Sam felt heavy again. It was hard to move his legs.
“I’m here to see Principal Fenwick.”
The middle-aged school secretary looked up from her desk as she pulled down her thick, pink framed eyeglasses on a chain half an inch along the bridge of her nose. Her hay-like, dry hair had been puffed up into a ball on her head and was dyed red, like a leaf in fall, only not so natural. Sam had just upset her train of thought.
“Again?” she said, annoyed.
Sam said nothing.
The secretary shook her head to herself. “Just sit over there and wait.”
Sam sat in one of three chairs set up by the principal’s closed office door. His heartbeat thumped. He was scared. How much more can mom take? Things are bad enough already. But now she has to deal with Principal Fenwick and these teachers calling her all the time.
Something had to give. Someone would do something to make Sam stop getting kicked out of class, stop him from being sent to the principal’s office. His mom had warned him, over and over again, “You better do better in school or you'll always be fighting, worrying yourself sick about making ends meet, about having enough to eat, about staying out of the cold, like I have to do every day for you guys. And everybody just loves to hold me down.”
He looked at his hand, and rubbed it. He clenched his teeth. He was so angry at himself.
Michelle…
Who? Who’s Michelle? I don’t know a Michelle. Is she from a movie? From TV? Who the fuck’s Michelle?
I’m looking for Michelle. Michelle is my friend. I’m looking for Michelle…
Sam looked up.
This isn’t where I am…
I’m not really here. I’m in a house. I’m in a house that Mistral gave me. In the sewing room. And it’s cold. There’s snow blowing in through the broken window. The principal’s office… that was thirteen years ago. I don’t give a fuck about a principal’s office. Who gives a shit about a principal’s office? I’m here. In the sewing room. I’m not in this eleven-year-old body; I’m in this body. My body.
Sam moved to stand. But his eleven-year-old body didn’t budge.
I can’t change what’s already happened… but I’m not staying…
Sam pushed forward. Something gave. A little. I’m here. Looking for Michelle.
Sam struggled forward; it felt like removing oneself from quicksand. He heard a loud slurping sound. He was on his feet.
He turned. His eleven-year-old self was still sitting in the chair. His face. Sam had never known his eleven-year-old face had looked like that. So hard. Stressed.
“He can't see you. He can't hear you.”
I know. This has already happened.
Sam kneeled down to examine the boy's face. “What happened to you?”
He tried to take the boy's hands in his own. They slipped right through, as if only made of air.
“He can't see you. He can't hear you.”
I know.
Sam gazed back up into the boy's face. “You didn't know he was that sick. They didn't tell you it was cancer. You didn't know how sick he was.”
Sam looked around. He had to get to Michelle. But this boy… He couldn’t leave this boy like this. He stared back up into his face.
“I have so much I want to tell you. Things to help you as you go on, because you will go on. Things are going to get even harder, and I know you feel alone, but something inside you, I don't know what it is, it will get you through. It’ll get you through so much. Everyone around you wants you to be so grown up. They want you to be the man of the house but you are just a child. There is so much I want to tell you, but if I could tell one thing, just one thing, it would be this: cry. Just let yourself cry.”
He stared into the boy’s eyes. The boy’s gaze fell right into his own.
“Just cry. For once. It’s okay. Just cry.”
The boy seemed to be holding back as his eyes watered. Sam held his gaze, not letting go. The boy threw his arms around him, surprising Sam. The boy held him, bursting into tears. Sam wrapped his arms around the boy, holding him tight.
“Nothing will hurt you like this again,” Sam said. “Not with me around.”
He let the boy bawl into his shoulder.
As the boy loosened his hold, Sam looked into his eyes. “You inspire me.”
He stood and moved toward the principal’s door.
“You can’t go in there!” the secretary screamed. “He’s busy!”
Sam turned the doorknob, looking over his shoulder at her. “I can go through here whenever I want.” He grinned down at the boy and winked, opening the door.
The boy smiled back at him through his tears, amused.
Sam stepped forward. He was inside the sewing room with only his flashlight shining in the darkness and reflecting off the heavy snow whistling through the smashed window. From somewhere in the house, far away, someone was banging on pipes.
Sam turned to all the photographs surrounding him. Stacks and stacks of photographs.
“Photos,” he said to himself. “That's how Mistral haunted Michelle. That's how she saw him. She saw his picture. She knew what he looked like. What do you look like?”
He seized a photo album and flipped through its pages. He stopped on two boys. A faded color photograph. Summer. The boys were wearing polo shirts and shorts. The older boy had short red hair. The seven-year-old, smiling for the camera, had shaggy, longer, blonde hair. Sam recognized where they were standing: the path leading up to the entrance of La Porte Grise.
“Hello Julian,” Sam said.
He turned. Where’s that banging coming from?
There was a jagged hole in the wall. Sam approached. He crouched down, stepping into the dark space. The banging was still distant. Am I getting any closer?
The floor gave, and Sam plummeted.
His back hit loose bricks.
“Oh,” he gasped. He tried to catch his breath. He couldn’t see anything; it was pitch-black. Where am I? Between walls? Between the walls of this house?
Metal banged against pipes. Beside him.
It stopped. He heard a tool drop to the floor.
The one calling knew he had his attention. The one calling knew he had been found. This is where Sam had been orchestrated to be all along.
Panting. He heard panting. Light. The panting of a small boy.
Sam, still gripping his flashlight, sat up and shone it between the two tall walls encasing him. There was only about three to four feet of space between them.
He stood. No broken bones. He turned around. The light illuminated a boy of seven, his body suspended two feet above the floor, horizontal and facing up, and his small chest heaving. Sam was slapped with the chilling realization that this boy was impaled through the chest from his back by a metal rod sticking out from the floor, giving the impression that the child was levitating. The boy, staring up, was unable to turn his head far enough to look at him.
“I heard you,” Sam said, stepping closer. “I heard you calling me. Since the day I moved in, I’ve heard you calling me.”
The boy continued his shallow panting.
“Julian…” Sam now stood over him, staring into the boy’s dark brown eyes. The boy looked back at him, fear and confusion in his stare. This was a real boy before him.
“They forgot me,” Julian said. His eyes were misted over. “They forgot me.”
Sam kneeled, putting the flashlight down. He took Julian’s small hand and caressed Julian’s blond hair.
“It was wrong,” Sam said. “It was wrong that they forgot you.”
Tears streamed from the boy’s eyes.
“But I’m here with you now,” Sam continued. “I’m here for you. To help you. To be with you.”
“You’ll stay with me, right?” Julian said. “You’ll stay with me here forever.”
“It’s not how it works with me. You need to leave. I’m here to help you leave. Making you hold onto this place will only make you suffer, longer. I’m here to release you.”
“No!” the boy screamed. “No!”
Sam put his arms under the boy’s body and slid him up, off of the rod. Blood spurted everywhere. The stench was toxic. The boy had newfound energy and flailed his arms and legs.
“No! No!” he shrieked into Sam’s ears.
Sam managed to remove him from the rod, blood spouting over both of them. Julian scratched at him, and snapped his teeth at him. His nails dug deep into Sam’s neck. Sam held him back at arm’s length as Julian attempted to bite him.
“No!” Julian screeched.
Sam brought him close. Julian reached in and his teeth sank into Sam’s cheek, chewing a piece of skin off. “Ah,” Sam barked, as pain shot through his face. He held Julian against his own body.
“No!” Julian continued to shriek. He snapped his teeth down on Sam’s right ear, tearing the top off.
Sam grunted, bearing the excruciating pain. “You were loved,” he told Julian, as the little boy bit into his shoulder and clenched his teeth, anchoring himself into Sam. “You were loved.”
Julian bit down into Sam’s Adam’s apple but Sam continued to hold him. “You were loved, Julian.” Julian bit into another part of his shoulder. “They’ve kept you here, in this prison, from guilt, and from sorrow. They didn’t want you to go. You were loved.”
Julian bawled, “I’m scared.”
Sam kept holding him. “You don’t have to be. Not anymore. I’m freeing you. Go. You can feel love again.”
With his arms and legs, Julian choked Sam’s body. But something was different.
“Promise?” he asked.
“You have my word,” Sam answered.
Now Julian just hugged Sam, hard, and wailed. “Okay… Okay…” the boy said. “Okay…” He let go and looked up into Sam’s face. “I’ll be all right?”
“You’ll be loved,” Sam answered.
Julian began to dissipate.
“Where did you put her?” Sam asked. “Where’s Michelle?”
“I didn’t put her anywhere. I don’t know where she went. After a while, I always lose them.”
Julian was a thin veil of an image now. “Thank you,” he said. He was gone.
Sam snatched his flashlight and shone it around. With his free hand, he felt his ear and cheek. They were intact again. The blood was no more.
Above, from the hole he fell from, a dog was staring down at him. He was wearing a black collar studded with small letter “R”s.
“Russ?”
Sam searched with the flashlight for a way up. He grabbed onto a pipe, cold in his hands, and used it to climb, jamming the flashlight between his belt and pants. He made it back to the hole. A dim brightness was shining into the sewing room from the outside lighting. Snow continued to blow through the devastated window.
“Russ?”
Sam clenched his flashlight and turned it on. Russ was sitting before him.
“Russ…”
Russ trotted across the cluttered room, like a young, healthy dog. He entered an open doorway; one Sam hadn’t noticed before. Sam followed him.
They moved up a stairway with another open doorway at the top, lit from the room it belonged to. Sam peeked into this new room. It was carpeted a light color and there were posters on the wall: Franz Ferdinand, The Clash, The Killers, The Smiths. A brown shelving unit held books, paperbacks and DVDs. A tan colored chest of drawers was set up against the wall with a large oval mirror on top, along with make-up, a hairbrush, a hair dryer and an iPod covered with sparkling flower stickers. A twin-sized bed was in the corner.
A lump was curled up in the bed, covered by a red comforter.
“Michelle?”
Sam moved toward the bed and saw Michelle’s black hair on the pillow.
“Michelle?”
He bent down. Her eyes opened. Sam smiled, relieved, tears springing from his eyes. “Michelle,” he said, touching her hair. “Oh Michelle.”
She was shivering.
“You’re freezing.”
Michelle just watched him, saying nothing. The room was so cold.
“Are you all right?” he asked.
She kept staring, saying nothing.
“Michelle, are you okay?” Sam was scared. What the hell is happening?
“I can’t get out of bed,” she said.
Sam lay down beside her, on top of the comforter, his left arm embracing her. “I know.”
“I just can’t. I just don’t want to.”
“Just stay. I’ll stay with you.”
“I just feel so sad.”
Sam gazed into her eyes. “I know… I know exactly how you feel… This used to happen to me too… When I was a boy… I couldn’t move… I hated Sundays… I don’t know why… My mom would be sleeping in, my brother would be watching TV in the living room, and I’d just stay in bed and not move. I didn’t want to get out of bed. The world was just so sad. So heavy.”
“I don’t know what to do.”
“I was alone. But right now, we’re not alone. I’m here. And I want to take all your sadness. Just put it all here. I’ll take it.”
Michelle never looked away from his eyes.
“Just let me shoulder it. Right now. I want to do that for you. Let me shoulder it all for you.”
“I wish I could disappear. I wish I could just disappear now and that I never existed.”
 Sam reached under the comforter and squeezed her hand. “I need you to exist.”
“When I lost my baby, I was almost three months pregnant. I called him William.”
Tears dripped from her eyes.
“He would have been lovely,” Sam said.
“I didn’t love him enough. If only I had loved him enough, Sam, I wouldn’t have lost him.”
“That’s not true.”
“There were times when I didn’t want him to be alive. It felt like I lost everything. Trevor. My parents. My life. I blamed him for everything.”
“You were just a kid. Everybody was coming at you. You were just a little girl. Your baby not being born wasn’t because of you. Your baby just wasn't born.”
Sam gripped both her hands.
“But you loved that child with all your heart. You still do. That's why we find ourselves here tonight.”
Michelle kept looking into his eyes.
“And your mom... Your mom just didn't know how to deal with it all. Sometimes we just don't. But I wish she had. You deserved that.”
Tears kept falling from Michelle's eyes.
“Come with me,” Sam said. “Here is where you're needed.”
Michelle wrapped her arms around Sam's neck, and he swung her up, lifting her out of bed. She was still wearing her long winter coat and her scarf. A bitter, snowy gust sideswiped Sam's face. He looked up. They were standing outside at the very edge of the roof, at night, on a patio five stories above the vast, white covered grounds. He turned. There was an open doorway back inside the house. Russ sat there. He got up, and disappeared down the stairway.
Another reason why Mistral bricked up that room, Sam thought. It gives access to the roof, and another way to leave this world.
Sam carried Michelle through the doorway, shutting and dead-bolting the door behind them.
“I don't know how I'm going to get you out of here,” he said once they entered the dark sewing room. A thick layer of snow covered the floor. “I climbed in through that window.”
“I followed the sounds of a little boy,” Michelle said. “He was giggling; I didn’t see him. I just heard him. I was walking past the movie theater and I just heard him. The giggling was coming from behind the movie screen, and behind the screen, I discovered this small trapdoor. When I pried it open, I found a stairway leading up to this room.”
“Tell me the way,” Sam said.
Michelle told him about a door to his right which he opened and stepped through. After two sets of stairs, he kicked a four foot door, crouched down and managed to carry Michelle out into the darkness behind the movie screen.
As Sam carried Michelle into the main west hallway, Andrew rushed toward them.
“Galen, they're here!” Andrew yelled. “Galen!”
“Call an ambulance,” Sam ordered. “She might have hypothermia. And blankets. Get lots of blankets.”
Char and Ronnie appeared. Char had tears in her eyes. “Is she all right?”
“I think so.”
Joey and his wife ran into the hallway, followed by Mort.
“Michelle, oh my God,” Joey said.
“She’s all right,” Sam said. “She’s all right. We just have to get her to the hospital.”
“I hope you don’t mind,” Mort said. “I couldn’t just wait at home, waiting for news.”
 “I’m glad you’re here,” Sam said.
“Marguerite and Anne-Marie’s lawyer called me as well. They’ll be happy to hear you’re both okay.”
Andrew now reappeared in the hallway with Galen, each carrying heavy blankets.
“Let’s take her to one of the beds,” Andrew said. “Before the ambulance arrives.”
“Where was she?” Joey asked.
“On the roof,” Sam answered.
“I’m okay, Joey,” Michelle said, looking up at her brother. “I’m okay.”
Sam, carrying Michelle, was ushered into the closest bedroom by Galen.
* * *
Michelle was admitted overnight at St. Joseph’s Hospital and Detectives Dempsey and Myerson took down their stories. Michelle and Sam only told them that Michelle was depressed and had locked herself in a room in the house and then, an hour or so before she was found, she had walked out onto the roof. She expressed deep regret for what she had put everyone through. After they had her talk to a psychiatrist, the psychiatrist deemed that Michelle was not a danger to herself and when her doctor felt it was time, she should be released.
When they were alone in the hospital room, Michelle admitted to Sam that she had seen her own mother in the sewing room and that she had looked so disappointed in her. She also relived past moments from her life, terrible moments, including waking up in a bed of blood, realizing she had lost her baby while sleeping.
“It was unbearable,” she said with tears in her eyes.
“I know,” Sam said. “I talked to Mistral in the sewing room. And I went through some horrible stuff again too.”
They told each other everything that had happened to them in the sewing room and agreed that they should never tell another living soul, lest they be deemed insane.
For the remainder of the night, Sam slept in a chair outside Michelle’s hospital room.



Friday, January 10

Sam sat up in the chair, awakened. He saw the back of a young man with dark hair approach Michelle’s hospital room.
“Hello?” Sam inquired.
The young man turned, and smiled. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to wake you.” He stepped closer with his hand outstretched.
Sam stood and shook it. “You must be Paulo.”
“Yeah. And you’re Sam. They just told me Michelle can leave anytime. I rented a car. I can drive her back to the city.”
Sam’s heart decompressed. “Yeah. Of course.”
“Can I swing by your place so she can pick up the rest of her stuff?”
“Yeah. I’m going there right now. I’ll see you guys there.” Sam turned to walk away.
“Sam,” Paulo said.
Sam turned back.
“Thanks. She told me on the phone that you found her.”
“Oh. Big house. She got lost.”
Sam walked away. The elevator doors opened and Marguerite and Anne-Marie stepped onto the floor.
“I hope this is okay,” Marguerite said, catching sight of Sam.
“We just want to make sure she’s all right,” Anne-Marie added.
The elevators doors closed behind them.
“He’s gone,” Sam told them.
The sisters just stared at him.
“Julian…” Marguerite said, breaking the silence.
“He’s moved on,” Sam said.
The women paused again, becoming glassy-eyed. Marguerite reached out, grabbing a hold of Sam’s hand. “We both felt something this morning. Like the entire world was removed from our backs.”
“New start, right?” Sam said.
“Thank you,” Marguerite said.
Sam moved past them, and pressed the elevator button.
* * *
Galen held the door open for Paulo and Michelle as they entered La Porte Grise. Michelle was surprised to see Sam and the entire staff in the entrance, beaming at her.
“I’ve just come to get my things,” Michelle told everyone.
“Here are your bags,” Galen said, picking up her carryon and rolling her suitcase. “I’ll bring them to your car.”
Michelle clutched his arm, and hugged him. He hugged her back. And then went on his way.
“Goodbye,” Andrew said.
Michelle nodded at Andrew. “Goodbye Andrew.”
Michelle looked up at everyone. “Thank you. Thank you.”
Char hugged her, as did Ronnie.
Galen came back in and Michelle and Paulo turned to walk out. Sam, putting his wool coat on, followed.
Outside, Sam shut the door behind them.
“I’ll get the car started,” Paulo said and he moved down the stairs. “You two take your time.”
Michelle turned to look up at Sam. “This is a better way to leave, isn’t it?” she said, grinning. At the bottom of the entrance stairway, Paulo was now inside the rental car in the paved circular drive, starting the engine.
Sam tried to grin back. “I’m not so sure.”
Michelle threw her arms around him. Sam wrapped his own around her.
“I wish you weren’t leaving,” he said. “But I know you have your life in New York. I know you have Paulo.”
Michelle pushed away a little, gazing up into his face. “Look at you. Look at you now.” Her voice was cracking as tears came to her eyes. “When I first met you all those years ago, you were just a little boy. But look at you now. You are a grown man. But you’re still so beautiful. It breaks my heart just to look at you. Last night, when Mistral told you that your greatest asset is that you’re so tough, that someone could put you in a vat of crap and you’d survive… he lied.” 
Michelle gripped the lapels of Sam’s dark wool coat, holding his stare.
“Your greatest strength is your capacity to love. It knows no end.”
Sam was unable to hold it back, and tears flooded his face. Michelle let go, her own face a mess of emotion. Sam’s hands, on instinct, attempted to hold on to her, grabbing at her coat. With regret, he released her.
She ran down the stairs. Sam watched, attempting to dry his face with the back of his hand, to no avail.
Michelle hopped into the passenger side of the rental car. Through the passenger window, Sam saw her put her arms around Paulo for comfort. Paulo held her. She said something to Paulo, and Paulo straightened a bit, and drove away.
The car drifted down the meandering, paved path across the expansive, snow covered property, La Porte Grise looming over everything.

THE END



I want to take the next few lines to let you know how grateful I am that you read my story. Thank you. I wrote Here on my mobile phone while sitting on the train on my way to work, while sitting outside my toddler's music class and while eating lunch at a cafeteria across the street from my office. In fact, I am composing this message to you on the same phone on a Friday morning, aboard a train amidst dozing commuters. This story may have never come to life were it not for technology. More importantly, it would have never seen the light of day if not for those moments where life stops, and characters from another dimension are able to reach out to us, and change us, forever. I'm ready now to let go of this story which has haunted me for months, and pass it on to you, knowing full well that a large part of me can always be found within these sentences, these words, here.
Much love,
your friend,
Eric



About the author:

Eric lives in Ontario, Canada with his wife and toddler son. He enjoys reading the works of Mark Twain, Suzanne Collins, Nick Hornby and J.K. Rowling. Here is his second novel. His first, Across The Sea, is a young adult novel available at all online eBook stores.
Eric answers all correspondence and lives (not just loves) to talk with other readers and writers.



Other titles by Eric Marier at Smashwords.com:

Across The Sea



Connect with Eric online:

Email: ericmarier@gmail.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/eric.marier
Twitter: www.twitter.com/ericmarier
Smashwords: www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ericmarier
Blog: www.ericmarier.blogspot.ca
