
THE DARK 
DAYS 
OF LOVE

THE DARK DAYS 

OF LOVE

BY ALEX MARKMAN

Asteroid Publishing

The Dark Days of Love
2nd Edition
Copyright  © by Alex Markman  2012

Published by Asteroid Publishing at Smashwords

All rights reserved.

eISBN: 978-1-926720-22-7


Library and Archives Canada Cataloguing in Publication

Markman, Alex
        The dark days of love [electronic resource] / Alex
Markman. -- 2nd ed.

Electronic monograph in PDF format.
Issued also in print format.
ISBN 978-1-926720-22-7

        I. Title.

PS8576.A677D37 2012             C813'.6              C2011-907998-4

The Dark Days of Love is a work of fiction. Names, characters and events are the products of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to real persons, organizations or events is coincidental and not intended by the author. 

Book cover by Maryna Bzhezitska 
www.asteroidpiblishing.ca
editor@asteroidpublishing.ca



Also by Alex Markman

Contra-ODESSA
Messenger of Death
Payback for Revenge




THE GIFT OF SIGHT

 
Tim Sheldon only took one woman seriously his entire life – his wife. And this was when she asked him to marry her after three weeks of relentless courtship. 
He was just twenty-three years then. It was no wonder that at that precise moment, he lost, albeit temporarily, all notions of practicality. He agreed, as most men do. That’s what love did at first. It stripped a man of all level-headedness, regardless of his intellect.
Seventeen happy years had since passed. Once in a while, he partook in secret affairs with other women. He couldn’t see anything wrong. After all, a successful man needed to enjoy life to the fullest. What better way to feel the adrenaline high than this hunting game, which once won, reaped the rewards of life’s ultimate pleasure? Numerous business trips offered him ample opportunity and freedom, but with all fairness it must be noted that he used them sparingly. He was a serious professional who devoted most of the time to business.
Mother Nature did not bless him with good looks, which, he believed, if he had, would increase the probability of success with women, shorten the period of formalities and reduce amorous expenses. 
But the balance of nature compensated him with a sharp mind, great ambition and perseverance. Early in his adolescent years Tim had realized that very little could be done to improve his looks beyond a better haircut, a healthy smiling face, and the posture of a proud man.
His small blue eyes did attract attention, however. Their expression, sharp and investigative, was a bit disturbing. These were the eyes of a man capable of reading people’s minds, or so it appeared. 
Tim had a short nose, dark receding hair and large ears, which tilted outward, as if trying to capture every sound in the neighbourhood. He was shorter than average, which made him almost invisible at parties. But his money and status among the higher echelons of the social ladder allowed him to compete with the most handsome of men. Indeed, many beautiful women do look far beyond outward trappings, understanding the essence behind the façade.
Presently he was courting a woman of about his age, forty, or a bit younger. Much younger would have been a better choice, of course, but this one was really beautiful. The waiter serving their table devoured her with hungry eyes, despite the decadent surroundings in the opulent restaurant. One could only imagine her ten or fifteen years ago.
Why isn’t she married? Men do not normally let such women run loose. 
Unable to solve the puzzle, he set diplomacy aside.
“Why aren’t you married, Teresa?” he asked aloud, looking straight into her eyes across the table. 
She did not blink, resisting his curiosity with a tender glance and the shy fluttering of eyelashes.
“There are some circumstances I don’t want to talk about right now,” she responded. “There’s no rush for you to know everything about me, is there?”
Tim pursed his lips into a half smile and turned to look out the huge window. The trees pulsated with colorful Christmas lights, as if merrily winking for the secret luck to both. But he would soon have to go back to his family and spend Christmas with his wife and sixteen-year-old son. It would be nice to go to bed with Teresa before returning home. Although she was apparently about to yield to his perseverance, she was in no rush. God only knows what held her back. 
He looked at her face through the bouquet of fresh flowers strategically positioned in the middle of the table. Teresa was pretty, no doubt about it, but the dim light of the restaurant emphasized, rather than hid, the traces of wrinkles about her neck and eyes. She was still good enough, however, for a short romantic affair.
“What are you thinking about?” she asked. She was rather typical of a woman who accepted courtship. If a man didn’t speak, she believed that his thoughts were likely about her.
“About you,” Tim responded, giving her a long and meaningful stare. The bouquet detracted its amorous impact; it was dense, its flowers chaotically spread in all directions, hiding her left or right eye depending which gap he peered through.
Tim did not lie. This was the third time he had taken her to one of the most expensive restaurants in the neighbourhood. A restaurant… The place where successful modern courtships began… Tim recalled an old French saying – the road to a man’s heart is laid through his stomach, or something like that.  
Bullshit. The expression must be the creation of a woman with no female charms. The truth was the road to a woman’s heart ran through her stomach. That was why the modern love affair usually started with a dinner invitation, preferably to an expensive restaurant.
This was where his dates usually melted. But this particular woman had a different arrangement between her heart, stomach and mind.
“What about me?” she asked, moving her shoulders playfully. The waiter placed the wine bottle and glasses on the table and moved the flowers to the window stand. Now Tim could observe her unfettered. Her sleeveless gown, held by wide shoulder straps, pleasantly contrasted the white skin of her bare arms, neck and shoulders. A deep cut neckline provided a nice view of her oversized breasts, shamelessly leaning into one another to create her teasingly ample cleavage. Despite all effort, Tim couldn’t restrain himself from tossing glances toward this screaming manifestation of femininity. She had no doubt noticed what attracted his attention.
“You mentioned that you cannot invite me to your place because of your daughter,” he asked. “How old is she? What is so special about her?”
“Nothing special,” Teresa said after a moment of hesitation. Her shoulders dropped, as if under a heavy burden. “She’ll be twenty soon.”
“I see.” 
“This is a terribly expensive restaurant,” Teresa remarked, leafing through the menu with respect. “This dinner will cost as much as I earn in a week. How do you afford it?”
“It’s a small expense to me. Mind you, I am paid top dollar for my services. I have published three books on management consulting and its relationship to information technology. Big companies would rather spend the big bucks on top-notch professionals rather than hiring cheap labour. In the end, it’s expensive to use an inferior work force. Besides, we are less than a month away from the year 2000. You know how much companies pay for the Y2K work?”   
“No.”
“Plenty. It is the biggest scam in the history of humanity. The overall worldwide expense will be close to a trillion dollars. Watch Russia and China next month. They did not spend a penny on this crap. And still they won’t feel any impacts of Y2K.”
“But you... You take part in this scam, don’t you?”
“Exactly. Money is good, why not move with the tide?”
“This is too complicated for me.” Teresa turned her attention to the menu. “I do not take part in scams.” 
“Would you participate in one if you could?” Tim asked.
“Nobody is longing for my services or skills,” she responded, still looking at the menu. “I am a data entry clerk. Any high school graduate could replace me. I am afraid of doing anything to deviate from a routine life. It seems, whatever I do, I do it wrong.”
Tim glanced at the building outside. It was illuminated by the cold light of projectors. A sign in a fourth floor window attracted his attention. 
“Luxury condom,” it stated in bold letters. The last few letters of “condominium” had been torn away by fierce winds. Below was another declaration: “Immediate possession!” 
“What are you staring at?” Teresa asked. Naturally, she wanted his undivided attention.
“Over there. Funny ad.” He nodded in the direction of the signs. “Luxury condom. Immediate possession. That’s what I want tonight.” 
“I see. And you’re not so subtle,” she said.
This was not the first time she got upset about remarks with a sexual connotation. 
“It’s obscene,” was her indignant comment. “You must not speak like that in front of a decent woman.” Her burning glare suggested that she was the decent woman in question. She took care, however, to make it clear that Tim was in no danger if he carried on speaking this way.
“It’s gonna be a long evening tonight,” Tim said. “We can spend the rest of it at my place.”
“In the hotel?” Teresa’s tone suggested an outright refusal.
“What is wrong with that? I’m staying in the best hotel in town.” 
“I can’t go to the hotel,” she pleaded, reaching nervously for her wine as if it was the last resort to save her decency. “I just can’t...”
Tim sensed the first signs of sweet victory. A few gulps of water refreshed his drying mouth. Teresa took a few sips of red wine and fluttered her eyelashes in appreciation of its taste.
“Besides, I have a girlfriend who works there. If she sees me, every one of my friends would know and I’d be humiliated.” 
“Why can’t we go to your place then?” Tim asked, feeling a bead of sweat crawling under his armpits. The thrill of uncertainty, combined with burning desire and rampant leaps of imagination made him nervous.   
“I told you. I have a daughter...”
“Well. She must understand. How long have you been single?”
“About ten years.”
“She must be used to you being with men once in a while.” Tim smiled. 
Teresa punished him with another stern glance. 
“Please, be nice.”  She cast her eyes down. 
“I will. I promise. I want to invite myself to your place for a cup of coffee tonight.”
Teresa met his eyes with tender courage.
“Your invitation is accepted. Don’t be surprised though. It is a weird place.” 
Tim leaned over the table and touched her hand.
“Stop it. It doesn’t matter to me how your apartment looks. You are a very, very attractive woman. That is all that counts.”
The rest of dinner was quiet. Teresa appeared to be thinking intensely. Tim’s curiosity for her rose. They did not stay long. Teresa led the way out, being followed by the insolent stare of the waiter. 
It was not cold outside. The wind subsided and large snowflakes fell rapidly, twisting in a joyful dance around street lamps. In the car Teresa appeared fixated with the lights beams, watching the flakes fly across them at a maddening speed. Tim put his hand on her lap underneath her overcoat. She squeezed his hand gently in her cold, soft palm. They soon arrived at the dark parking lot and entered the shabby building, which greeted them with the smells of Asian food and stains on the walls.
“Come in,” she said, unlocking the door to her apartment. Her tone and posture suggested that she did not feel comfortable in her own home. 
“Here is the closet. Hang your coat in there.”
A click of the switch brought to life a simple ceiling fixture. Two of the three lamps shed a dim light through the room. The third was lifeless, transparent and cold.
Tim threw a quick glance around. The tidy, but very cheap furniture gave a silent demonstration of poverty. Not a single picture decorated the bare walls. The distant corner to the left revealed a dark opening to the kitchen. The living room was clean and in perfect order, but the apartment still had the appearance of a dwelling that had been uninhibited for years.
“This is my daughter’s bedroom,” Teresa said, pointing to the door at the left. “My bedroom is over there on the other side. It’s very convenient when bedrooms are separated by a living room. Isn’t it?”
“Probably. Is your daughter going to join us for coffee?”
“Actually, no,” Teresa said without hesitation. “She leads a secluded life. As a matter of fact, I would like to bring the coffee to my bedroom if you don’t mind. I have a nice coffee table there. This way we won’t disturb her. She may want to go to sleep early. Teenagers, you know.”
“That’s fine.” Tim nodded. He went to the bedroom ahead of Teresa. The space was large enough to house a queen size bed, powder table with a wide mirror, two small bed stands with shaded lamps on them, and a coffee table with two easy chairs. It was more pleasant here than in the living room. 
Teresa came in carrying a small tray with two cups on it. Bending over the table, she exposed her breasts for observation in the most flattering way. Her gown stretched and tightened about her waist and swollen hips. 
“That’s how a woman’s hips respond when she bends over, Tim thought. He very much liked the way the woman’s body was built. Teresa looked up and understood at once what had attracted his attention.
“This is nice,” Tim said, still looking at her breasts. He swallowed nervously. A sudden rush of saliva filled his mouth. 
Teresa was a mature woman, familiar with the rules of the game.
“I know how to make coffee,” she said, straightening up. She appeared not to mind his insolence. 
A woman of her age, Tim thought, is always very particular about her dress for a date. She wouldn't show off her nice places without a purpose in mind.
“I mean, your breasts,” he said. He stood up and put his left hand on the steep curves of her waist.  
“Oh, that,” she said, making no attempt to distance herself. “I thought I could please you with coffee.”
She yielded to a long, sensual kiss and his impatient, searching hands. After putting the tray on the table she returned the kiss, gently, playfully swaying thighs within his tight grip. Tim gasped for air.
“I am dying to have you,” he pleaded. “Don’t be stubborn tonight.”
She brought her lips to his ear.
“Okay.” Her whisper was like a melody. “But please, please be as quiet as you can. My daughter hears every tiny rustle around. Promise?” She looked at him sternly. No doubt it was important to her.
“Promise,” he agreed. At this moment he could promise anything. He took off his clothes piece by piece, throwing them on the floor. Teresa was busy doing the same, and Tim could sense from her slow movements that she was slightly embarrassed and overwhelmed by his uncontrollable lust. His shirt fell on the coffee table, but he did not care. The last stage of teasing and pretentiousness was over and they crossed the threshold of sensual insanity in solemn silence. 
Tim broke his promise at the moment when Teresa embraced him with her soft arms and legs. 
“A-a-ah,” he groaned, taking his lips off her searching mouth.
“Please, quiet,” she whispered. “She listens.”
Her whisper had the opposite effect on him.  
“O-oh,” he groaned again, but she firmly muffled his song of enjoyment with her hand. Almost immediately both of them came with a final spasm, after which they lay in silence, motionless and happily tied. 
“Wonderful,” Tim said after restoring his breath.
“Yes,” Teresa replied in the same tone. Her energy had been drained to the last drop.
Suddenly, the sound of heavenly piano music crawled into the bedroom, filling it with the charming mood of quiet joy. Tim could not recognize the tune, but enjoyed it immensely. Flowing slowly, like a warm, refreshing summer breeze, the melody wrapped his soul and body in an invisible yet magical cloud of happiness and relaxation. It wasn’t very loud. The pianist took care to play as quietly as possible. But every note was clearly audible, reaching the most sensitive strings of his heart.
“Wonderful music,” Tim remarked in a low voice. “Who is playing it? One of your neighbours?”
“My daughter.” She sighed and sat on the bed, leaning against the headboard.
“Your daughter? You did not tell me that she plays piano.”
“I did not tell you many things,” Teresa said. “Why should you know?”
Indeed, there was no reason for him to know everything about this woman and her personal life. He was going to be with his family in two weeks. This episode, like a dozen others, would be soon forgotten. But his inquisitive mind did not let him rest.
“I didn’t notice a piano in the living room.” 
“It’s in her bedroom. She wanted it that way.”
“It’s eleven o’clock. Why all of a sudden did she decide to play piano?”  
“She’s congratulating us for having a good time. Remember, I told you that she hears every sound.”
“How do you know that’s the reason for her playing?” Tim couldn’t contain his curiosity.
“I know my daughter. I know what she means. She has a habit of expressing her feelings and thoughts in a weird, indirect way. Anyway, it’s late now. Time for you to go back to your hotel.”
“I don’t want to leave you now. Can I stay till morning? Tomorrow is Saturday. Indeed, we are having a wonderful time.” He ran his palm over her bare breasts and kissed them. “Please, Teresa. Your daughter has heard everything anyway. What else do you wish to hide from her? Me?”
Teresa sighed. “Okay. I am amazed at how quickly you find your way with me. But you must promise something.”
“Anything.”
“I know how long your promises last.”
“You mustn’t count special circumstances. This time I will not let you down.”
“Let’s try. In the morning …when you see my daughter, don’t ask her any questions.” 
Puzzled by this strange request, Tim delayed his answer for a few moments.
“Okay?” Teresa asked, impatient.
“Okay. As I said, anything. This one is easy. But I don’t understand—” 
Teresa did not let him finish.
“You will understand later. Don’t ask questions. Okay?”
“Okay. Now it is a final, okay.”           
Teresa liked sex in all its variety and wanted more and more of it. Tim had sufficient energy and enthusiasm to fulfill her female dreams and then some, which made her giggle happily between rounds of lovemaking throughout the night. 
“I haven’t had sex for six months,” she explained when her mouth was not busy. “I needed it. Oh, how badly I needed it! I am a human being, aren’t I?”
“You are,” Tim said, as he grasped the hair of her loins. “It feels like you’re the female part of humanity.”
“Dirty mind,” she accused him, moving her legs wider apart, and chuckling. She undertook unsuccessful effort to take his hand off, but it was contemplated for failure in the outset. As if changing her mind, she pressed his hand down and held it where it was.
“Your hand is warm. You are a nice man,” Teresa confided. “I wish you would stick to me longer.” At that she closed her eyes and fell asleep.
In the morning she was busy and excited as a very happy woman. She led Tim to the kitchen, talking non-stop while preparing an omelette and coffee and arranging dishes on a small kitchen table.  
“I have only eggs left, and some salad,” she explained. “Must go today for shopping. Gosh, my refrigerator holds nothing but cold air.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Tim said. “Tell me a bit more about yourself.”
“I got married when I was very young.” Teresa began telling her story, concentrating her eyes on the saucepan, where eggs made an indignant hissing sound. “My husband did not want me to work. He wasn’t rich, but made enough money to provide for necessities, and some more. I got used to my lazy life. I liked it, as a matter of fact. Ten years ago he left me. Just said good-bye and left with someone. I haven’t heard from him since then. With no education and skills, and a small daughter in my arms, what was I supposed to do? I had only very low paid jobs since then. Even a hundred dollars extra would make a huge difference for us.”
“But now you have a grown up daughter,” reasoned Tim. “She could help you.” 
“Here is the omelet,” Teresa said, changing the topic of conversation. “Want some salad? There is nothing else that I could offer. In the week days it’s hard to find time for shopping.”
“You should have discovered in yourself what your talent is,” Tim said, helping himself to salad. “Everyone is born with a mission in life.”
“I wish I knew what my mission is,” Teresa said. “I have no talent. There is no point in trying to discover it. Maybe my destiny is to devote my life to my daughter…”      
At this moment a young girl appeared in the entrance to the kitchen. Tim’s jaw dropped. He had never seen such a beauty in real life, if only in the movies and on magazine covers, but no picture could make such an impression as a live model. About five feet seven, blond, with large blue eyes, she was an example of the American dream. With narrow shoulders, heavy ripe breasts and steep curves everywhere, all her forms and proportions remained perfectly harmonious. 
“Good morning,” she said, flooding Tim with the blue light of her eyes. Something very disturbing was in her stare.  
“Good morning,” Tim said. “Glad to see you. I was impressed with your piano playing.”
The girl said nothing. She was serious, even solemn. No trace of a smile or even an artificial expression of acceptance appeared on her face. She sat at the table, right across from Tim, fixing him with a frozen stare. She did not blink, did not move eyeballs, as if she were blind. But she was like a huge magnet, consuming all his attention.
“Could you pass me the salt, please,” she asked. Tim leaned to the edge of the table where the salt was and noticed at once that the girl did not follow his move.
“Thanks,” she said, stretching her hand into the air. “Don’t be surprised by my behaviour. I am blind.”
The word escaped Tim’s throat before he could swallow it.
“What?”   
“I am blind. Thanks for the salt.”
Teresa interfered with this exchange.
“Do you want some juice, darling?” she asked her daughter.
“No.”
“Don’t take so much butter, Pat,” Teresa said. “You are already gaining weight. A moment on lips, forever on hips.”
“I don’t care,” Pat said.
“You played as a professional,” Tim added. “Where did you study piano?”
A feeble smile drove up the corners of her pink lips. For a moment Tim forgot that she couldn’t see his face. He smiled in response, yielding to charms of this young beauty. 
“Thank you. I took a few lessons a long time ago. I had my vision then.”
“How often have you practiced since then?” asked Tim.
“Just playing every day. I like it. I spend many hours at the piano. There is nothing else for me to do anyway.”
Teresa looked at her with fond, loving eyes.
“Pat has incredible talent for music,” she said. “I’ve bought her tons of tapes and CDs. Sometimes she records music from the radio. And you know what, Tim? She only needs to listen to the tape once, twice the most, to play it precisely note by note on the piano. She could’ve been a star under other circumstances.”
Pat pushed away her plate with the half-eaten omelette sitting in a lump.
“Are you leaving already?” Tim asked in disappointment. 
“Yes.” 
She left, but a few moments later quiet music began flowing out of her bedroom.
“She learned how to play quietly,” Teresa said. “Sometimes my neighbours complain that she disturbs them. Now she is playing for you. It is not often that she likes my guests. Maybe there is something special in your voice that attracts women.”    
“Listen, Teresa. I have a suggestion. Let’s have dinner tonight at your place, the three of us. What do you think?”
“I don’t know,” Teresa mumbled. 
“Great idea.” Tim removed his wallet from his pocket. “I’ll give you some money to buy things. After all, I have to make some contribution for this dinner. Unfortunately, I have to work today and cannot help you till later this evening. I hope you don’t need me for cooking.” He threw all his cash on the table, almost six hundred dollars. 
“Are you crazy?” Teresa was bewildered. “This is too much money. No dinner would cost that much.”
“Whatever. I never buy food in a supermarket. I have no idea how much it would cost.”
“No, no, I cannot take that much.”
“Yes, yes. If you don’t spend all the money on dinner, buy something for your daughter. Tell her it was a present from me.”
Teresa lowered her voice to a whisper.
“But she is blind. She does not need anything.”
“She does,” Tim said. “Buy her some perfume. Buy her a nice tape recorder or CD player if the one that she has is old already.  There is always something to please a girl.”
“No, no.” Teresa seemed to have no will for resistance. 
Tim got up and left the kitchen.
“See you tonight, dear,” he said, opening the front door. “You are a wonderful woman.”  
Over the next two weeks, Tim spent almost every evening with Teresa, each night as pleasant as the one before. Pat took every opportunity to be with them, listening to their conversation and pointing her unmoving eyes to where Tim sat. She liked his jokes and laughed heartily. Only very young women could laugh with such notes of thoughtlessness, all-consuming joy and appreciation. Sometimes she squealed like a puppy dog greeting his master after being lonely the whole day. 
“I will be back soon after Christmas,” Tim promised both women when he last visited them before his departure.
“We will be waiting for you,” Pat said, smiling into space. “Please, come.”
“I will.” 
He thought about Pat the entire way home. It was rather disturbing. She obviously liked him as girls like their fathers. Poor creature, she needed the love of a father, the sort of male attention that every girl needs in her childhood. With a feeling of guilt he caught himself thinking of her as a woman, a mature woman acting out all the scenes his experienced and lustful mind could imagine.
When in the flames of passion, how would she respond to my moves? Would she sway under me with the strength and vigour of youth, groaning in sweet pain “I love you?” Wow. Sometimes imagination was a dangerous enemy for self. It makes us believe that its fruits were sweeter than reality.
But none of his own arguments provided any help. Pat haunted him with her last words: “Please, come.”
His wife greeted him at the doorstep, all smiles and sparkles of joy.
“Look, everything is ready for you,” she said with a kiss. “The Christmas tree is beautiful, no? Greg helped me decorate.”
It was already midnight. She was in a dressing gown – a warm, delicate woman just out of bed. 
“Nice job, Sue,” Tim said. He couldn’t help notice that she was getting older. It would be nice to avoid the long conversation, habitual upon his return from a business trip.
“I am dead tired today,” Tim said. “The only thing I am capable of right now is sleep. Let’s talk tomorrow, honey.”
“Of course, of course, darling,” Sue said, helping him to undress. She often took care of him as if he was a kid. 
Tim lay in bed and closed his eyes. In his inner vision he saw Pat, pacing up and down the room with the grace of a young deer. Suddenly, he recalled one detail that had escaped his attention. She wore very dressy, elegant high heel shoes. They were a brand new, fairly expensive pair. Wow! Is it possible that Teresa bought them for her on the money he gave her for dinner? Is it likely that the young girl tried to impress him with her legs? Him! Yes, likely she did. He still remembered her laugh, tender as the ringing of silver bells. 
Already half asleep he recalled that he did not ask Sue the usual questions: how their son Greg was doing, how Sue felt. He did not listen to her gossips about their friends and acquaintances. Well, well. Tomorrow, then.  At this thought he fell asleep. 
The next morning, however, something unexplainable had changed Sue’s mood. An unpleasant feeling of upcoming troubles stayed with Tim the whole day. Sue spoke to him in almost the same tone as she usually did when he arrived home. The only difference was that now she was turning her back on him, as if too busy with the housework. 
“I can see that you are too busy now,” he said, holding a glass of whisky.
“Actually, not,” Sue replied, bending over the stove. “We’ll have fewer guests than I anticipated. The Freemans aren’t coming. Their daughter is sick.”
“Not a big deal,” Tim said, taking a sip. He knew how social his wife was. To her, every guest was important. At any other time, she would turn around, look reproachfully into his eyes and say something angrily, yet with an underlying tone of tenderness and forgiveness. At these moments, Tim would kiss her. She would not resist, but say in helpless fury something like: “Get out, indifferent animal! I can’t stand you.” Instead, she said something else.
“Our son is not coming to dinner either. He went to his friend’s. A party.”
“Who is going to be here then?”
“Just Ben and Clara. And us. Gosh, they will be here in half an hour. I still have to make salad.”
Many believe that women have good intuition, he thought. They relied upon it and aced in accordance with what their feelings told them. Did Sue suspect anything? Did she sense anything unusual? It was not the first time that he was unfaithful. She did not notice anything before. What happened now? 
Men had intuition, too, Tim thought. Something was unusual. When something wasn’t normal and it was unclear what, expect troubles. That was intuition.
“How can I help you?” Tim asked.
“Just take some napkins to the table”
“Good.” 
Alone in the dining room, Tim closed his eyes and moved toward the cabinet, stretching out both his hands. Despite his eyelids being closed tight, he saw large patches of light, disordered spider webs floating around and some sparkles on the left and right. 
Was this the world of the blind? Tim wondered. Maybe they didn’t see even that much? Did they have inner vision that allowed them to imagine objects in their mind like people with vision did?
“Tim!” Sue interrupted his train of thought. “What are you doing?” she asked, appearing at the doorstep. “Playing hide and seek with yourself?” 
He shuddered, as if caught at something indecent.
“No.” A moment later Tim was completely calm and composed again. “I’ve read that Hemingway committed suicide because of inevitable blindness. He preferred to die rather than live in the dark, helpless and fully dependant on other people.”
“So what. Are you going blind?”
“No, no. Just I looked around and realized how beautiful the world is. What would you do, Sue, if you went blind?”
“I would hold you by the balls when I need to move around. Your only duty would be as my guide.”
“Not a nice picture in public places.” Tim smiled. 
The doorbell rang.
“Gosh,” Sue said, holding her cheeks in despair. “I’d hoped they would be late. Get the door, Tim. I have to rush.”
Ben and Clara stood on the porch in the order of their rank in the family. Clara was first with Ben in second place behind her. There was, perhaps, another reason for such a disposition. Ben was a head and a half taller and much wider. If they stood in reverse order, nobody would notice Clara, which would be unacceptable to her. Positioning Ben beside her would not do any good either. It might give the false impression that they were equal in importance. Clara was very particular about outward displays of power. In a military parade, the general always led the troops. Clara stepped in, taking off her winter coat. She threw it into the waiting arms of Ben without turning her head back. 
At forty-five, Clara was still in somewhat good shape. She and Sue went to the health club as diligently as the devout attended church for prayers. However, age had begun taking its toll, playing a nasty game with her shape from the waist down.
After a quick grace and customary praise to Sue for a tasty turkey dinner, Clara firmly took the reigns of conversation in her delicate hands.
“It is not good, Sue, that Tim stays away from the family that often and that long. I would never let Ben stay away from home.”
Ben kept eating, allowing Clara to continue without comment. Nobody was interested in his opinion anyway. 
“Even for good money?” Tim asked.
“Yes. How do you let him, Sue? You smile! What would you do if one day you found out he was not faithful to you?”
“I would do the same,” Sue replied right away. 
Tim could hardly believe what he had just heard.
“You wouldn’t make a scene?” he asked. “Demand a divorce?”
“No. Why should I? But if it comes to divorce, I don’t care. I am an independent woman.” 
Sue worked as a graphic designer for a company that developed Internet sites. Tim never knew how much she made. It was too small to consider. But her reaction struck Tim. It was a typical attitude for a woman who didn’t love her husband. A loving woman would scream, cry, make terrible scenes, sleep alone in another room but in the end forgive, albeit not forget. Sue noticed his grief.
“But Tim has always been faithful,” she said, looking out the window. “Right, Tim?”
“Of course. Why do you ask?”
“You are in a strange mood. But never mind. Merry Christmas!”
Clara joined in, raising her glass, but did not deviate from the main topic of conversation.  
“I read a novel where the main character became an instant millionaire. I was always fascinated by the fact that as soon as the financial status of a person changes, so does his attitude and behaviour, even when it comes to the most intimate matters.” 
“What do you mean?” Sue asked with a lazy, almost sincere smile.
“Well… This man in the novel… as soon as he got rich, he divorced his wife and found another woman fifteen years younger. I think it is quite typical of men. It is disgusting, isn’t it? I mean a woman cannot be pretty forever. Does it mean that she should be replaced by the first shapely ass that comes along?”
“Nature is not fair to women.” Tim nodded. “Their bodies do not resist well the effects of age. Bearing children does not help to keep a tight waist, save teeth and reduce fat. What can you do? Carry your cross, dear woman.”
Ben and Clara had no kids. She once confessed to Sue that to keep a man just by ever fading female shapes is a hard mission. Clara sized Tim up and down. Her face was frozen in disapproval bordering hatred. Her stare was meant to inflict a heart attack upon Tim, but it did not happen. 
To everyone’s surprise Ben interfered in the conversation. 
“You have to accept reality,” he said.  
Everyone stared at him. It was an open rebellion against his wife. A few days ago he was promoted. His salary had increased by ten per cent – a huge jump, but far from the level of financial freedom where such opportunities existed. His courage, though, was short lived. A few moments later he shrunk in size, expecting the earth to split wide beneath his chair. The penalty, however, came in a much milder form. Clara pulled his ear with the full force of her small fingers.
“And you…” she said. “Don’t even think of having an affair. You will be with me forever.”
A guilty, apologetic smile on Ben’s face begged everyone to forgive his wife for having bad manners.
“Sure, darling,” he said, covering the affected ear with his hand. Sue interfered to help him.
“Actually, Clara, woman’s charms last much longer than you think.”
 Sue’s remark was no less surprising than Ben’s gutless uprising. 
“Believe me, there are as many rejected men out there as women.”
“How do you know?” Tim asked. The slight suspicion that Sue might accept somebody’s courtship pushed him off balance. 
“Just look around with attentive eyes and you’ll see,” Sue replied. “There are plenty of examples in my tennis club. Men leave women, women leave men. Very few of them get happy. Most lose though. But perhaps it is natural to change what you have, no matter how good it seems for others, to whatever comes. It all depends on the individual. Right, Tim?” 
“Don’t ask me.” Tim swallowed something that was stuck in his throat.     
“A man, when he gets rich, becomes a tyrant,” Clara kept saying. “Capricious, nasty tyrant.”
“This is true,” Tim said. “I remember one of the great writers … I forget his name, said: the most disgusting, miserable, filthy creature on earth is a man. The only creature worse is a woman.”
Ben let slip a short, appreciative laugh, but soon fell silent under the disapproving glare of his wife.
“Not funny,” Clara said, joining her brows. “Scientific research confirms that men are promiscuous by nature. Women, on the other hand, strive to limit their sexual partners to very few, to best carry on the bloodline.” 
“How stupid,” Tim said with theatrical enthusiasm. “They end up with the same men, but in different combinations.”
Sue decided to add some feminine flavour to the conversation.
“Men are not good, Clara, I agree. But what is the alternative? Do you have any ideas?”
Tim and Ben laughed. Clara squeezed out a sardonic smile across thin lips. 
 “When is your next trip, Tim?” Clara asked.
“Right after New Year.”
“That fast?” Sue asked.
“What can I do? This contract may last another few months.”
“Not good,” Clara said. “Not good.”

***

Tim left for his business trip early in the New Year, as planned. The disturbing feeling of Sue suspecting his infidelity spoiled his mood.
“Just a few more dates with Teresa, that’s it,” he decided. “Take the papers, fly home and later get back to the client, but only when it is absolutely necessary.” However, it was not Teresa but Pat he was thinking about. He called Teresa the day after he arrived.
“Hi, darling,” Tim greeted her. “How about meeting tonight?”
“I’d love to, Tim. Welcome back.” The sound of her voice was saturated with genuine joy.
“How about your place? At seven?”
“Will do. I have to visit my aunt, though, but it shouldn’t take longer than half an hour.”
“What for?”
“She just doesn’t feel well. It happens, you know. She’s seventy-five. It’s not the first time. See you at seven.”
“Jot down my cell phone number, just in case.”
After hanging up, his thoughts began to wander, but ultimately ended up at the same destination as before: Pat. 
“My God, I can’t stop thinking about this girl,” Tim said, reproaching himself. “This is impossible. This is outright stupid.”
Tim was on the way to Teresa’s when his cell phone rang.
“Tim, it’s Teresa. I have to stay here a bit longer. Would you mind waiting another half an hour or so for me?”
“Sure. What’s wrong with her?”
“She feels chest pain. I can’t leave her like that. I’ll be back soon. In the meantime, entertain my daughter somehow. She is so lonely. Won’t you?”
“I will. See you soon.”
Twenty minutes later he rang the doorbell. The silence behind the door was disturbed by the sharp sound of rapidly approaching clicks of a woman on high heels. 
Who might that be? he thought, puzzled. He was even more surprised when the door opened, revealing Pat standing there in a light summer dress with buttons from bottom to top, cut to compete with the shortest mini-skirt, and high-heel black shoes. 
“Come in.” She let him in with a very welcoming smile, closed the door and turned the key. 
“Please, sit down. My mom called again. She apologizes, but she has to stay with my aunt a while longer. She had to take her to the hospital. It’s always slow there. Would you mind spending some time here?”
She was a bit nervous, pacing up and down the room. Tim hung his coat in the wardrobe and sat on the sofa, his backside fitting into the dent made by the many people who sat before. 
“I won’t let you get bored,” Pat said. She pulled up a chair and sat in front of him, throwing one leg over the other, exposing her smooth, white skin up to the hip.  
A few buttons at the bottom of her dress jumped off the holes. Tim had an opportunity to observe her without restriction. The blind girl apparently did not know how much she exposed herself to the man sitting a few feet away. Tim stared at her with hungry male eyes, not hiding his interest. Tim felt acute, almost painful itching in the groin and a suffocating urge to rape her right there, no matter what the consequences were. 
“You are a very beautiful girl,” Tim mumbled. “Very beautiful.”
“Really?” she asked. “Actually, thank you for the shoes. Mom said that you gave her some money to buy me a present. I asked her to buy me shoes with high heels. Is it true that high heels make legs appear longer?”
“Yes.”
“I trust you. Are you a handsome man?”
“I don’t think so.”
“May I touch you?” 
“Okay,” agreed Tim. Pat got up, came up to him and quickly ran her fingers over his face.
“You are a handsome man,” she concluded, and slowly went to the patio window. Against this light, her gown was transparent like veil. A savage thought struck Tim that Pat was playing the game she had planned before he came.
It is impossible, he said to himself, confused, dead scared to make a wrong move. And yet, it all suggests that she wants sex with me. Wild thought!
“You say that I am beautiful,” Pat said, not looking back. “Other men said the same. Why should I believe all of you?”
“Who are those other men?” asked Tim.
“Oh, I’ve had plenty. My mom thinks that I am an innocent angel. Little does she know that as soon as she leaves for work, my lovers come by. I like it a lot. Why not?”
Bewildered, Tim looked at her nicely shaped back in disbelief. Hey, the girl has plenty of experience in life, in spite of blindness.
“Indeed,” Tim said. “You have the same rights other girls have.”
“I like when men look at me with admiration,” she continued. “I want you to look at me in admiration too.”
“Oh, I do,” Tim said. “I do. You are strikingly beautiful.”
“Look now,” she said, unbuttoning her summer dress and taking it off. “Is it a better view?” She stared in his direction, obviously frightened and embarrassed by her own behaviour, but playing the game to the end.  
Tim cleared his throat.
“Excuse me. Yes, it is a million dollar view.”
“Now this.” Pat removed her bra, and then her underwear. Naked, she paced in front of him on high heels, like a model. A natural blond, the triangle of hair beneath her stomach was a bit darker than the crown on her head. Full of vigour and life, every inch of her skin craved for sex and love.
“You risk nothing,” she said, removing her hairpins and allowing her mane to fall on her shoulders. “What are you waiting for?”
Her firm breasts perked up slightly, menacingly pointing at him with irresistible lust.     
“This is insane,” Tim mumbled, squeezing her in his arms. “This is insane.”
“Let’s go to my room,” Pat said, letting her body go limp like a sleeping cat. She escaped his embrace like a snake and went gracefully to her bedroom, proudly holding her head up as she tapped the floor with her high heels. Tim followed her, taking off his clothes on the way.
The bed was already prepared. Indeed, she had thought out all of the details.
Why did she choose me, her mother’s lover? he thought feverishly, unable to restrain himself from having the girl. What made her do that? 
He pushed her legs apart. Patricia closed her blind eyes, as shy girls do at their first encounters with a man. 
The first moment of possession was always thrilling for Tim, when a woman feels defenseless, a bit embarrassed and overwhelmed with the thrill of being had. Their lovemaking, however, did not go the way he anticipated. Pat groaned, as if in pain, clenching the lower lip in her teeth. 
Tim understood what had happened too late. He was already shaking in the last spasm of pleasure, when it was impossible to stop. A minute of strange silence followed. 
“Are you a virgin?” Tim asked.
“I was,” Pat answered with no regret in a short laugh. “Never again. You’d better take the sheet off, or else the blood will soak through and stain the mattress.”
Tim got up quickly and removed the sheet from under Pat.
“Why did you lie to me?” he asked, attempting to suppress his anger. “Why all this bullshit about having many men when your mother was out?”
Pat pulled up the blanket, pointing her unblinking eyes at him.
“Because otherwise you wouldn’t have me. A year ago I was trying to lure my mother’s lover into my bed. He was about to take me when I told him I was a virgin. He stopped right there. What is so special about being a virgin? Every woman was.”
“Where can I get a clean sheet?” Tim asked.
“In the top drawer of the cupboard.”      
Pat sighed, aiming her blind eyes to the corner of the ceiling.
“How was it?” Tim asked. “Enjoyed it?”
“Immensely. Will you come again? ” Not waiting for his answer, she continued hotly. “You cannot drop me at that, after I’ve discovered such a joy with you. It is like being in heaven. Will you come?”
“I will. Most certainly. I love you, Pat.” The words escaped against his will.
“Really? Are you telling the truth?”
“You do not know how beautiful you are.”
“How would you come? You won’t keep on with my mom.”
“Very simple. I will visit you during the day.”
“Don’t you have to work?”
“I can set my own hours,” Tim smiled. “I’m a consultant. Don’t you worry about me.” 
“When will you come next?” Pat pointed her large eyes at him as if she could see his reaction.
“Tomorrow. Every day when your mom is at work. Okay?”
“Wonderful.”  Pat was all joy and smiles. She squeezed his neck with such strength that he coughed. “At what time? I will be waiting for you.”
From the very beginning it was not a casual love affair. It was an addiction, a fatal illness, for which a cure did not exist. He wanted this girl every minute, but their dates lasted for not more than two hours in the afternoons. Pat was well educated. She had listened to all of the audio books available in the city libraries and in the stores, and remembered their contents in tiniest details. In spite of her disability she had a sense of humour and great, great love for the game of sex in all its stages. She demanded his exact and sincere account on how she looked in various positions and how appealing it was. 
“I heard you with my mom that first night you came,” she confided. “I was devastated. I wanted the same. In the morning, I liked your voice. It was the voice of a powerful man. Afterward, I was trying to figure out how to pull you into my bed if the opportunity came. I decided to play it hard, as hard as I could. How else could I have a man? I don’t go anywhere. I trust my mom. In her age she is supposed to have a good taste in men. You must be very good looking.”
Each morning he awoke with the exhilarating anticipation of the best life had to offer. It seemed that everything was permissible and within his reach. His existence took on a special meaning and purpose, which he was unable to express in words. It was a directive from heaven and therefore did not need explanation. His life, this wonderful life, would last forever, with visits to this exceptional girl and nights of dreaming about her. His obsession with Pat was not disturbed by jealousy of other men, because nobody else could approach her for courtship. Under the worst of circumstances, she wouldn’t be able to compare him with anyone else. She was blind. She thought of him as a handsome man. He let her. 
What would happen to Pat if I left her for good? he thought once, but immediately dismissed it as an unrealistic idea. Everything was under his control, he believed. 
In the past, after being intimate with a woman he did not feel like touching her again for a while, until a cooling period expired and the desire came back. With Pat it was different. He did not let her out of his arms after sex, feeling the same affection and craving for her body and soul. 
Teresa called him every day to suggest a date. Tim was avoiding her advances for different reasons. He felt that Teresa was very unhappy. The woman genuinely liked him and obviously had no idea of the drama unfolding under her nose. But there was nothing to be done. Love is a very cruel and selfish feeling.    
“Listen, Tim,” Teresa suggested once over the phone when he was on his way to Pat, “if you want to, I could come to your place. I mean, your hotel. I gather you do not feel comfortable in my apartment.”
“That is not the reason, Teresa.” Tim tried to sound as apologetic as he could.  “I don’t think we should see each other any more. I have a family, you know...” 
After a few moments of silence Tim heard a click. Teresa had hung up on him. When he visited Pat the next day she told him that her mom was very upset the night before. She heard her sobbing in her bedroom.
Under the happy cloud of love, Tim forgot the cruel rules of the game called life. Devils always watch successful men with acute, revengeful attention. They waited for a moment to take away his money, power, love – whatever was his most valuable possession. A successful man had to live under the stress of fighting off demons and get used to it. He had to be prepared for the worst and take steps long before the mishaps come. But when they did come, expected or not, the successful man had to be able to deal with the worst. 
It was a rather dull grey day. The sky, draped tightly with thick, dark clouds flooded the earth with a never-ending shower of whirling snowflakes. The streets were clogged with stuck cars. But in bed with Pat it was warm and cozy. She held Tim firmly in her gentle hands.
“Stay with me. Stay with me. Please, please, honey. Stay with me a bit longer.”
Indeed, going back to the office made no sense. It could take two hours or more to struggle through the mess of the snow covered roads.
“Stay another hour. My mom never comes before six. Will you?”
“One hour. No more. It’s getting late. By the way, your neighbours must not see me as well. I am afraid someone looked at me very suspiciously in the elevator.”
Pat smiled and jumped on the bed.
“I am so lonely, Tim. You do not know how lonely I am. I want to be with you all the time.”
“What did you do before I came into your life?” ¬¬
“I have told you many times. I listened to audio books, but now I’ve lost interest in them. Almost all of them are dramas where people get unhappy because they lose something, love or anything else. Or someone wants to achieve success, but it doesn’t happen. I always compare their situation to mine. I think that blindness is the most terrible thing that could happen to someone. In comparison with this, everything else pales. Don’t you think so?” 
“You have to take a few steps back to look at your situation in perspective,” Tim said, and ran his fingers through her hair. “Everyone thinks that his or her problem is the most severe. You still have plenty to enjoy in your life. You must understand it. Many people do not have this chance.”
Pat straightened up and sat on the bed, crossing her legs like a yogi. 
“Is the world beautiful?” she asked, demanding an immediate and sincere reply. “Is it as beautiful as the audio books say? Tell me the truth. Do not pity me.”
“Yes. The world is beautiful. And you are beautiful too.”
She squeezed his neck with great force.
“If I weren’t blind, you would love me. I feel that.”
“I love you the way you are.”
“Come to me.” She lowered her voice to a hot whisper. 
Tim knew what it meant. He felt no strength to resist this lovesick girl, hungry for all the joys of life. Playful, and playing with him as with a doll, she was eager to learn every trick in the art of lovemaking. With her, Tim forgot the precarious real world behind the walls of this bedroom. Patricia was still groaning in his embrace when his ear caught the squeaking sound of the door. A spasmodic jerk threw him to the edge of the bed. Terrified, he realized that the worst had happened. Teresa stood at the doorstep, dumbfounded and enraged beyond sanity. 
“Tim? You?” She lost her breath, squeezing her temples with both hands. “And you… My God, I am losing my mind. My daughter! Such a whore!”
Pat stood up and began to dress.
“I am not a whore, mom,” she said, showing no emotion. “Tim is the only man that I have ever had in my life. It’s you who’ve had lots of lovers.”
“Shut up!” Teresa said. “How dare you talk like that to your mother? And you, Tim… Disgusting! With my daughter! Holy shit! The whole world has gone crazy.”
“Don’t blame him, mom,” Pat said. “I set it up.”
“You better shut up.” Teresa’s rasping voice was intolerable. “I’d never expected my daughter...”
Pat was quick to interrupt her.
“You think I should be a saint? I am not. How else could I have a man? Am I not a woman? Am I not a living thing?” 
Teresa had to sit at the stool near the piano. Her legs no longer supported her. Tim was in a rush to get dressed and run away, if only not to hear the quarrel of these two women, mother and daughter.
“I know that I’m a devil,” Pat continued. “Everyone around is kind to me. I’m the only one who takes from others, but gives nothing in return. I know that. If only I wasn’t blind...”
Suddenly, Pat burst into tears, weeping like a kid. Teresa stood up and threw her right hand toward the door.
“Out! Get out!” 
With trembling fingers Tim buttoned his shirt.
“Please, Teresa, don’t shout. It won’t help.”
“Out. Don’t you dare set foot on my doorstep again.” She approached Pat and embraced her. “It is okay, my child. It’s okay,” she said, changing her tone.    
Tim ran out, flooded with nauseating feelings of guilt, shame and the anticipation of a disaster of astronomical proportions. He had an affair with the blind daughter of his mistress. What would people think of him when the story got out?
He spent the next few hours in a rather depressed mood, drinking whisky and trying to restore his sanity. His thoughts began to wander. He caught himself recalling Pat in bed, playful and happy. She was rather artistic and creative at that. 
Oh, how sweet she is, this blind girl! He had never enjoyed a woman so much. He felt addicted to her, as if she were a strong narcotic. To give her up was unthinkable. Not now. Maybe later, when his feelings would begin to fade and more pragmatic considerations would take their place, but not now. To Hell with Teresa! To Hell with the whole world!
A plan of action began to take shape in his mind. He decided to sleep on it and iron out its details when his mind was clear of alcohol and the stress of the day. Pat thought of him as a handsome man, which he was not. But he would be much more than that. Much more. He decided to fly home the next day and try to arrange whatever was possible. With this thought he fell asleep.      
The following day Tim arrived home before noon, expecting Sue to meet him in a nightgown. These were usually delightful moments for them. Tim would thrust his cold hands under her gown, touching her soft warm skin, which made her scream in a mixture of protest and affection. This time only his son was at home. 
“Mom is at the health club,” he said. “Clara came and picked her up.”
Tim noticed how mature Greg had become. He was already as tall as Tim, his voice breaking into that of a mature man. Light fuzzy hair appeared above his upper lip.
“How are you doing at school?” Tim asked.
“Everything is okay.” Greg turned his back and began walking away. 
“Show me your report card Greg,” Tim said.
“Later.” Greg shrugged and disappeared into the family room. 
Tim took off his coat and followed his son, shaking with anger.
“How dare you talk to me like that,” he said, raising his voice. “I’m paying top dollar for your private school. I have a right to see what your marks are.”
“Leave me alone!” Greg said and turned on the television set. “I’m a grown man already. You can’t poke your nose into my private matters.”
“Private matters? Pay for the school yourself, and it will become a private matter. Pay for your lodging, and nobody will disturb you. For now I am responsible for you.”
Greg stood up and rushed out.
“I don’t need this bloody private school,” he said, looking back. “Public school is fine for me.”
The cracking sound of the closing door indicated that Greg had left. Tim sighed, sat on the couch and picked up the phone. It was actually better that nobody else was home. He could talk freely, without fear of someone overhearing his conversation.
Tim knew exactly where to look for advice. Doctor Nahum Epstein, his family physician, whose boat was docked next to his at their yacht club, was the natural choice. Epstein was fifteen years older, a rather eccentric and cynical person. For some unexplainable reason he liked Tim.
“I enjoy your company,” he used to say. “You belong to a unique group of people. You do not complain about your health, and you can drink as much as I can.”
Tim considered Nahum a remarkable man, the best doctor that nature and science could create. He was born into a very poor Jewish immigrant family from Russia. His father had worked day and night in his bakery just to make ends meet. Soon, his business began to flourish. When Nahum had graduated from high school, his father was already very rich. Despite his wealth, he was unable to get into the society of “old money,” where manners, education and personal connections were the non-negotiable tickets for admission. He wanted his son to be a doctor, a religious man with a religious Jewish wife and many kids. Heaven satisfied him with only the first of his three wishes. 
Epstein had a great interest in medicine, graduated medical school with excellent marks and devoted his life to treating his patients, improving his medical education and skills. He never attended a synagogue. He figured that God was too clever to judge the virtue of a human being by whether he or she prays, usually asking for personal favours. 
Doctor Epstein was an ardent drinker. He smoked a pack of cigarettes a day, and spent much of his spare time fooling around with women. He married twice. Both wives were pretty. Both were WASPs who fell in love with him because of his wit, sense of humour and capacity to be a very amiable and amusing lover. It came as a great surprise to them when after the wedding Nahum abruptly terminated any communication with them. He believed that entertaining women was a waste of time, but necessary during courtship. By his account, seldom were beauty and intellect good friends. They couldn’t share the same body. After half a bottle of whisky, he once confided to Tim that he believed the place of a good woman was in bed and the bedroom was the best meeting place for those of the opposite sex.  
Doctor Epstein did not have many patients. His father left him a considerable fortune, so he didn’t need to work hard to pay the bills. But he did spend a lot of time with each patient in order to make the correct diagnosis and prescribe the most appropriate cure. 
In a sense, he was practicing his profession outside his office as well. Whether meeting with old acquaintances or strangers, he began his observations at the eyes, a natural contact at first meeting. A good observer could notice much in another’s person’s eyes – acceptance, love, admiration, disgust, and the whole gamut of feelings. For Dr. Epstein the eyes were the starting point of his medical investigations. He looked at the surface of the eyes, examining their texture, form, weird spots and many other details, which only he could interpret. Only after finishing with the eyes, did Nahum transfer his attention to the rest of body. He noticed everything in a human being. It was not a conscious habit. Thus, a good photographer or an artist would notice a beautiful flower, landscape or cityscape, while this scenery would escape the attention of other people.
Tim dialed the number. After a few clicks came the calm voice on the other end of the line.
“Epstein.” That was it. 
“It’s Tim. I need your advice, Nahum. Can I drop by your place now?”
“Why don’t you come to my office?”
“I can’t wait till Monday.”
“Come on, then.”
Epstein met him in the living room, which was furnished with great taste by his former wives. 
“Whisky or brandy?” he asked
 “Whatever you have.” Tim sat on the couch by the coffee table.
Nahum placed a bottle and a glass on the coffee table within Tim’s reach. He took his own full glass and sat across from Tim, looking into his eyes.
“I am okay, Nahum,” Tim said, and took a sip. 
“You look like a man with hemorrhoids,” Epstein suggested. “It’s that peculiar smile, you know. I can refer you to a very good specialist in the field.”
“Thanks, Nahum. I do have hemorrhoids, but now I want your help with something else.”
“Don’t reject my offer right away. He is the best ass man in town. He once said to me that ‘one man’s shit is my bread and butter.’ He loves what he is doing.”
“Thanks, Nahum. I am okay.”   
“Who is not okay, then?” Epstein asked with a tone of lethargic surprise as he shifted his gaze to Tim’s hair. 
“Do you know anything about blindness?”
“I know a little,” Epstein said, lifting his eyebrows. “But I’m not an expert. What’s the problem?”
“There is someone who is totally blind. I wonder if there’s anything that can be done to restore at least partial vision.”
“Was the person born blind?” 
“No.”
Epstein looked into Tim’s eyes again. Tim found it impossible to hide anything from this all-understanding, investigative stare. Dr. Epstein looked and looked, not saying a word. At last he diverted his attention to a pack of cigarettes. 
“How old is she?” Epstein lit the cigarette hanging from the corner of his mouth.
“Nineteen.” Tim would have blushed, if not for a generous helping of whisky. Having an extra-marital affair with a teenager was not a matter to be proud of in public for a forty-year-old man in any circumstance. But this girl was blind and beautiful. Everyone’s initial thought would be that he took advantage of her disability. He admitted to himself that the notion was almost true. If she were not blind, Pat would not have cast a second glance upon him. Handsome young contenders would surround her. 
Tim trusted Dr. Epstein. He knew, however, that even the people he trusted most could spread the word around, and his life would be finished. All of the people in his circle would turn their backs on him. His personal connections through which he got lucrative contracts would not deal with him anymore. His family would fall apart and his son would never respect him again.  
“Hmm. When did she begin losing her sight?” 
“At about six or seven.”
“Give me some more details.” Now Epstein was interested in the sickness of the girl rather than in Tim’s affair. Tim told him the little he knew. 
“It sounds like retinitis pigmentosa. I wish I could help you. From what I know, there is no cure for it. Help yourself to whisky, Tim. Cheers.”
Tim took a good swig.  
“Tell me, Nahum, do you know a good ophthalmologist? I mean, really good, someone who can work a miracle?”
Epstein looked at him with a blank face for several moments before shrugging his shoulders.
“I only know doctors. I don’t know any magician. You’ll have to go to a circus. Cheers.”
“No, seriously. Who is the best in the art of vision restoration? You know a lot of people. You’ve attended many conferences and met hundreds of prominent surgeons. You must know someone.”
Epstein held him under the scrutinizing stare of a physician who suddenly discovered a new symptom in his patient. 
“There is only one I know who even comes close to being a ‘magician.’ He lives in New York. He’s youngish, about your age, I think, at the peak of his career.”
Tim moved to the edge of his chair and leaned forward.
“Can you call him now?”
Epstein raised his eyebrows in surprise.
“It’s Saturday. Can’t it wait till Monday?”
“Certainly not. Please, call him now. Will you?”
Epstein sighed and picked up the phone.
“I’ll try.” 
He opened up his phonebook and dialed. 
“Hi, Victor. Nahum Epstein. Listen, I have a friend here who is desperate for your help… Yes, something with eyes… No, it’s not him. Why don’t you speak with him? Hold on, he’s right here.” 
Tim grasped the phone with a sweaty, greasy palm. After a brief exchange of pleasantries he got to the heart of the matter.
“I know a woman who is totally blind,” he said. Epstein stood up and left the room. He understood what troubled Tim. 
“Hold on, hold on,” Victor said on the other end. “When did she lose her sight?”
“In childhood. She was about six or seven years old. Could you examine her in person to see if anything can be done?”
Victor chuckled.
“Is it retinitis pigmentosa?” Tim asked.
“Yes, I think so. I do not know exactly. It sounds like it is. Most likely, nothing can be done,” Victor said. 
“I know that already. Would you mind examining her anyway?” Tim was dead scared to hear a decisive “no.”
“Well, if you want me to. I am booked solid for the next month. Call my secretary on Monday morning. She will find a gap in my schedule.”
“Call your secretary?” Tim said. “Look, I will pay you $1,000 cash for this appointment.”
“Well. If it’s that urgent… When do you want to come in?”
“Early next week. I don’t know the day yet.”
“Okay,” Victor agreed. “Call and let my secretary know what day is convenient for you.”
“By the way, Victor, I will pay all of the other expenses, whatever is necessary: lab work and other stuff. Cash.”
“You are a good client,” Victor said. 
Epstein returned, still holding a glass of whisky.
“Everything is hunky dory now?” he asked
“Yes. Thanks, Nahum.” Tim stood. “I have to go now.”
“Sit down,” Epstein demanded. “You can’t leave me now. I’m gathering speed in the fumes of alcohol. I can’t drink alone. Let me fill your glass.”
“I can’t, Nahum. Really. I just came back from a business trip.”
“Next time you want a favour from me, you won’t get it,” Epstein threatened. “Sit down and drink with me. I can see that you are very busy on your business trips. Tell me, is she that pretty?”
“Yes,” Tim said, sitting back into his chair.
“That explains something,” Epstein nodded. “Beautiful women are a threat to the stability of society. I am one of their casualties. Unfortunately, there are no benefits or social assistance for their victims. Be careful.” He raised his glass. “Cheers! It’s a nice whisky.” 
Tim left Dr. Epstein as it was getting dark and the street lamps cast their yellow light upon the fresh snow. He pulled out his cell phone and dialed. The voice on the other end of the line could not be mistaken for anyone else. 
“Hello.” It was a melody of longing, grief and the lost hope of a very young woman.
“Listen, darling. I have news for you . . .”
“Where are you?” Pat interrupted, whispering in a mixture of fear and joy. “I feel so bad without you.”
“How are you doing with your mom?”
“She was furious. But now everything is quiet. We don’t talk about you. I’ll wait a while and then talk to her again about us. I can’t live without you.”
“Listen, Pat. I want to tell you something serious.”
“You don’t love me anymore?” she asked. She sounded frightened.
“Stop it. I talked to a famous eye doctor who lives in New York. He agreed to examine you. I want to arrange your flight there. He is a good surgeon. He performed many vision restoration operations and has an excellent reputation.”
“Will he operate on me?” she screamed, forgetting all precautions.
“I don’t know.” Tim heard sounds of a distant quarrel between Pat and Teresa. “Pat, Pat. Listen to me. Are you listening? Let me talk to your mother. Please.”
A moment later Teresa took the phone.
“Hello.” 
It was nauseating to hear her icy cold voice, trembling with hate and disgust.    
“Hi, Teresa.”
The gurgling sound on the other end of the line told him all about her feelings.
“How dare you…”
“Just hold on a minute, and you’ll understand. Let me tell you something about Pat if you don’t mind.”
There was a short silence.
“Go ahead.”
“There is an eye doctor in New York who has agreed to examine Pat. If there is any chance, he will operate in an attempt to restore her vision. But he has to see her first.” 
Teresa said nothing, but he heard her heavy breathing.
“Hello. Are you there, Teresa?”
“Yes.”
“So?”
“You know how poor I am, Tim. I can’t afford anything like that.”
“I will pay for everything.”
“What do you want in return?”
“Just forgive me for loving your daughter.”
“How much are you going to pay for all that?”
“As much as necessary.”
“You know how I love my daughter, Tim. I will do anything to make her happy. If it is you who would make her happy, so be it.”
“I will be at your place sometime next week. We will fly together to New York. Okay?”
“Okay.”

***

Pat insisted on sitting between Tim and Teresa on the flight. She held Tim’s hand tightly as the plane took off and didn’t let go until the aircraft reached its cruising altitude and glided smoothly through the sky. 
“If the operation is successful, will you stay with me?” Pat asked, trying not be overheard by her mother.
“Listen, Pat. I don’t know if the doctor will operate on you yet. Don’t be overly optimistic. It is just an attempt. Let’s see what the doctor says.”
“But still. What would happen if I could see again? What would you do?”
“I will show you how beautiful the world is. I am afraid, though, that you won’t need me then. Alas, the paradox is that my efforts to make you happy will ultimately bring about the moment when you leave me.”
“Never,” Pat said. “Never. You don’t know how much I love you. You have no idea.”
“Stop it, Pat. Let’s go step-by-step to the inevitable.”
Pat placed her hand on his lap. Teresa measured them with watchful, stern eyes and turned her face to the window. 
They arrived at Victor’s office that afternoon and were taken to the exam room without delay. Victor was well groomed, polite and charming. His time was very valuable, so he did not spend a single moment more than it was absolutely necessary for getting the job done. Yet, he handled his clients with the grace of a great diplomat.
He spent more than an hour with Pat, examining her thoroughly. Nurses brought her to the laboratory where she underwent a battery of tests. While Pat was under the care of his assistants, Victor called Tim and Teresa into his office.  
“Any hope?” Tim asked. His impatient question was met with kind, calm eyes.
“You’ll be surprised, but there is.”
Tim jumped from his chair.
“The diagnosis of retinitis pigmentosa was incorrect,” Victor continued. “What she has mimics it, which is why so many doctors misinterpret its symptoms and misdiagnose.”
Victor told him the actual Latin name of the illness, but Tim was so excited that he forgot it at once.
“What can be done? What is the cure?”
“There is good and bad news,” Victor said, pressing his hands together in front of his face. 
"Shoot."
“The good news is that there is a chance to restore her vision. The bad news is that the probability of success is very, very low.”
“What is the cure?” Tim asked.
“Surgery. But even if the operation is successful, I am not sure that it will be a permanent solution.”
“How much will it cost?” Tim asked. Victor watched him with his calm, charming eyes. 
“Forty thousand dollars. It may be more if there are complications.”
“Okay, Victor. I’ll pay cash. Schedule it for the end of this week. I don’t have much time at my disposal.”
Victor sighed.
“Okay, okay. I will do my best.” 
And he did. A day later Pat was admitted to the hospital. Teresa was on the brink of a nervous breakdown.     
“You’d better go and spend the day elsewhere,” a nurse said after Pat had disappeared behind the door of the operating room. “It may take a few hours. You won’t be able to talk to her till tomorrow. And, in the best-case scenario, her bandages will be removed the day after tomorrow. If everything is okay, she will then stay in a semi-dark room for a day or two.”
“We’ll come tonight,” Tim said. “We just want to know that the operation is over and she is okay.”
“Sure,” the nurse agreed. “But now, dear parents, you’d better go.” The nurse seemed to have no doubts that Tim and Teresa were Pat’s parents.
Two days passed with everyone’s emotions swinging back and forth between despair and hope. Pat felt well. The pain had gone, but the result could be judged only after the bandages came off. 
At last the moment arrived. Teresa and Tim stood outside the closed door of Pat’s room when a scream of joy made them rush inside. It was completely dark there, or so it seemed for them.
“I can see you! I can see you!” Pat screamed. She took them both into her arms. “I know it’s you. I can feel it when I close my eyes. And I can see you when I open them. My God, my God, help me to survive this. My God.”  Pat began to cry.
“Please leave the room,” the nurse demanded, pushing Tim and Teresa toward the exit. “She must not get this excited. I will give her a shot of morphine to make her sleep. Please, parents, leave the room.” 
As the pair left the hospital, Teresa fainted immediately after walking through the doors. Tim took her to a bench where she regained consciousness and began to cry. She sobbed so hard she was shaking. After a few minutes she calmed down and wiped her tears.
 “Thank you, Tim. God bless you. You deserve her.”
“Deserve her or not, I don’t think it will last too long,” Tim said. “In the meantime, I’ll leave you with Pat. I have to fly home. I’ll call you. Victor will let me know when you’re back.
“Okay, Tim. I know how much Pat loves you.” 
She kissed him sensually as if they were lovers, with open lips and tongue, her trembling arms wrapped around his neck.
Tim was deep in thought on the way to the airport, in the airplane, in the taxi on the way home. The disturbing feelings of his inadequate appearance were replays of the grim emotions of his youth. 
What disappointment awaits Pat! In her imagination, I am a handsome man, a ruler of the world in both appearance and substance. Now a single look at a balding, much older man will devastate her love, and ruin my happiness. 
He had been in heaven, but now the paradise would disappear for good. He had to go back to his real life, which now seemed boring and lacking in purpose. Routine work, routine family life, routine sex with his wife, routine guests and acquaintances, routine everything was his lot.   
With Pat, he forgot his age. Enjoying thrills of love with her was like reliving his youth, with all the joy and surprises of everything happening to her for the first time. Their sex had elements of violence, like when a wild, impatient male raped a submissive female, yielding to the strength and superior will of the conqueror. He would never meet another woman who would ignite such a wild passion. 
Sue greeted him at the door with her shiny eyes, but they lost their luster after she noticed his grim expression.
“Something’s happened?” she asked.
“No. Business as usual.” Tim touched the corner of her lips with a reserved, cold kiss.
“How is everything?” he asked.
Sue began detailing the minutia of her life, accompanying her dull stories about dull people and dull events with the clanging of dishes, utensils and china. His dinner was ready. 
Greg was also at home. Tim had given him a stern warning over the phone from New York.
“Either we talk about your school matters, or else I won’t buy you a car this summer,” he had warned. The threat had brought Greg back to reality quicker than anything else. He understood that he was not an independent man. 
The dinner conversation with Sue and Greg was peaceful and even enjoyable although his thoughts often wandered to the far away land of pleasure with Pat. During these lapses, his wife, a watchful sentry of his mood, threw investigative, questioning glances at him, pulling him back into family life.
Late that evening, they went to their bedroom and took off their clothes without looking at each other. There was no longer the curiosity of sexual attraction between them. His wife seemed much older than he. Sex with her no longer promised any sparkle. Before Pat came to Tim’s life, a feeling of affection toward Sue, combined with memories of the past, made their closeness enjoyable. Now it was different. He knew that no matter what they did in bed, nothing would surprise them or intensify their desire. There was not even a feeling of possession. It was just the intercourse of equal partners. 
Tim forced himself to have sex with Sue, however. After all, it was his duty so to speak. But, physical intimacy told a woman better than anything else how interested or indifferent to her charms a man was. After the unremarkable climax, they lay back to back, in the dark silence of the bedroom thinking their own thoughts. Words were of no use any longer. In these situations they were used to cheating. But these two were too clever and realistic to accept lies.
Tim spent almost two weeks at home. Every day he spoke with Pat over the phone. She was familiarizing herself with the colorful world around. Her vision was restored almost a hundred percent. She squealed at the sound of his voice and talked about her love with an impatience of youth. 
“I miss you. When are you coming?” she asked. 
How could he tell her that he was afraid to show up, that his looks could not inspire the love of a beautiful young girl? But the moment arrived when life without her became intolerable.     
“I’ll come in two or three days,” he said. “We’ll go for a trip. Remember, I promised to show you how beautiful the world is? Now I will. It will likely be my last chance to enjoy life with you.”
To improve his appearance, Tim used the entire grooming arsenal at his disposal. He shaved closely, had his hair cut by the best hairdresser he knew, and put on his most expensive grey suit, white shirt and a silky, bright coloured tie. He stood for a minute at the door to Teresa’s apartment. In his right hand and arm, he held a huge box of sweets and a bottle of wine; his left hand clutched a gigantic bouquet of roses. He made a futile effort to slow his heartbeat. A rustle of suspicious movement in the flat next door knocked him off balance in favour of knocking at Teresa’s door. He did not want any of Teresa’s neighbours to see him.  
Teresa opened the door right away and let him in, rewarding his appearance with a kiss and a smile. She was genuinely happy to see him. Pat sat on the sofa, and stared at him with intense interest. Tim noticed at once all of the changes in the living room. The piano had been moved from Pat’s bedroom and placed in the corner by the window. The coffee table and two cozy chairs from Teresa’s bedroom had been placed near the sofa, making a nice island for social chitchat. The entire room was stuffed with furniture, leaving very little space to move around.
“Hi, Pat,” Tim said, clearing his throat. At the first sound of his voice Pat jumped up and rushed to him.
 “Tim!” She squeezed his neck with all her strength. Teresa disappeared into her bedroom.
“Do I look like you imagined?” Tim asked. Pat leaned back, still holding his neck in her stretched arms as she examined his face. A fiery glow spread across her large eyes.
“Not exactly. But it is you, Tim. Gosh, I’m so happy.”
She began rubbing her face against his cheek like a pussycat.
“I’ve brought some presents,” Tim said. “These flowers are for you and your mom. A lot of different stuff is in this box. Sweets, cakes. And a bottle of champagne to celebrate today.”
Pat finally removed her arms from his neck.
“Of course, of course,” she said, trying to do too many things at once: help him take off his coat, take care of the flowers and unpack the box. Tim sat on the sofa and watched her move about with incredible feminine grace. 
“I’ve come to fulfill your dreams,” he said. “What would you like over the next two weeks?”
“Show me how beautiful life could be,” she said. Her eyes sparkled. “Remember your promise?” 
“Tell me, what do you want?”
“I’d like to go to Disney World.” 
Tim let slip a chuckle. “Looking for your lost childhood? Okay, let’s go there. What else?”
“I’d like to see the ocean. Somewhere in the south, where it is always warm and nice, and the water and sky are blue . . .”
“Good idea. We’ll go to Miami. Better yet, let’s go to the Florida Keys. I’ve never been to Key West. It will be fun for both of us. What else?”
Pat leaned into him, her lips touching his ear.
“And love, lots of love. Day and night,” she whispered. 
“I like your ideas, Pat. Actually, I sort of anticipated them. Our flight to Orlando is booked for tomorrow.” 
Pat screamed joyously and gave him a kiss. Teresa came out from her bedroom and Pat got back to unpacking the box again.

***

At Disney World, Pat’s common sense collapsed. She took the brilliantly constructed land of fairly tales as a new reality. She told Tim she found it much more colourful, thrilling and enjoyable than the most fanciful pictures she had created in her inner vision. She screamed in appreciative fear on the roller coasters. She held her breath on the journey through the underground river, looking in awe at the moving figures of the gigantic animals, which had disappeared long ago from the earth’s surface. Like a ten-year-old kid, she visited the same attractions over and over. 
Tim’s patience did not last long. At the end of the third day he felt exhausted. Before going to bed that night, Pat dragged him to an outdoor whirlpool located a few steps from the hotel’s huge swimming pool. They set their cocktails on the ledge and stepped into the whirlpool. Pat took off her bikini top and sank deeper into the bubbling warm water, the top portion of her large, firm breasts still exposed. Her head spun about as she observed her surroundings in amazement and disbelief. 
Each of the many whirlpools built around the huge swimming pool sat on a different level. The tub they occupied was surrounded by dense shrubs, which provided refuge from the idle curiosity of the crowd. Bright lamps built into the deck directed their beams onto the surrounding plants, staircases and the primitive structure of the bar. A myriad of blue stars generously scattered across the dark sky, flickered with the indifference of eternity. It was getting cooler, and the fresh air was a nice compliment to the warm water. Powerful pot lights at the bottom of the pool made its surface look like melted lava, freshly squeezed up from the depths of the earth. 
“This is heaven,” Pat remarked, holding her breath. “I never thought that the world was so beautiful. Now I realize what I have missed all these years.” 
“Life is not always like this,” Tim said. “It can be very tough.” 
“Tough for those who do not know what to compare it to,” Pat said. She followed Tim’s gaze. He was staring at her wet breasts. She smiled appreciatively. “Just compare any misfortune to the darkness in which the blind live,” she continued. “The thought of it could make you happy with whatever you have.” 
A condescending smile of superior wisdom appeared upon Tim’s face. 
“In the future, you won’t be able to compare all your situations with the past. Human nature is very complicated. We seldom, if ever, appreciate what we have until we lose it. Most people waste their time dreaming about what they don’t have, or longing for what their neighbours have.”
“I am not like that…” Pat started. 
Tim interrupted her. 
“You are. You’ll get used to everything rather quickly.” He looked up at the sky, then down to the multi-coloured water of the swimming pool. Pat moved close to him, touching his hip with one hand while holding her cocktail in the other.
“How nice Disney is,” she said. “I’ve missed a lot in my life.”
“Now you have a journey to your childhood. I remember my reaction to Disney World when I was ten years old. It was the same. My son, when he was a kid, went crazy here, just like you have.”
“Let’s get up early tomorrow and go to Universal Studio,” she said, with much enthusiasm.
”Oh, gosh, no. I can’t. It’s too much for me.”
“Please,” she implored like a spoiled child.
“Look, sweetie. You’ll have lots of chances to visit Disney World again.”
“When?”
“When you have kids. Or whenever you like. But now, let’s go to see the ocean. That’s what you wanted, right? Mind you, I don’t have too much time. I have to get back to work.”
“Okay then,” she said, sounding a bit disappointed. A moment later, however, she jumped up excitedly.
“Let’s see the ocean.”

***

As they drove through the Florida Keys, Pat was as ecstatic as she was at Disney World. Rolling down toward the blue waters of the ocean, the huge reddish orange sun aimed its blinding light into Tim’s eyes. Pat flipped down the visor in front of her and turned her head around to enjoy the view. Some of the islands were so narrow that she could see an endless expanse of waves on both sides of the road. The scenery from the long bridges connecting the islands was surreal. The road seemed to float upon the water, offering a panoramic view of the ocean; blue skies meeting blue waters on the horizon, a few lonely, snow-white clouds floating above as the red-hot disk of the sun plunged into the waves. 
“This is what I’ve missed all these years,” Pat murmured. “This is the beauty of the world you’ve talked about.” She threw her arms around his neck.
“Stop it! We may find ourselves well below this bridge. Wait until we settle in at the Marriott. It’s very nice there.”
As the sun disappeared behind the horizon, the dark tropical night descended, warm, promising and intriguing. Pat fell silent, staring at the road ahead. Tim looked at her from time to time, trying not to attract her attention. She appeared to be mulling or dreaming about something. Her eyes were glued to the road, which ran continually through the headlight beams, toward the car and under its wheels.   
Tim wondered what danced through her mind. 
How long would her amazement of the world’s beauty last? How long would her love for him last? Likely, not long. We do not have a future. It would be suicide to tie his life to hers. It would mean divorcing Sue, splitting their property, problems with Greg and a host of other aggravations. The most ridiculous moment would come when he married this young girl. Likely, all his connections would be lost. He would be thrown out of the social life he was used to. No social gathering would accept him with this young wife. It would set too bad an example for the other husbands and wives. Pat was just three years older than his son. The worst would follow soon after. Pat would fall in love with a handsome young guy. The agony of divorce would start again, with all its miseries. No, no! 
The logical part of the brain must have the upper hand in the decisions of a mature man. Let this affair with her last as long as it might, and then. . .  It was better to go through all the pain of lost love sooner, rather than endure the practical consequences later.
They arrived at the hotel late in the evening. After quickly checking in and unpacking, Pat suggested they go to the beach. Though tired from the long journey, she was still hungry for new scenery and experience in her life. She stopped for a moment to look at a small swimming pool, illuminated by strong underwater lamps. The green-blue water was as flat as polished glass, not a single ripple spoiling its surface. 
“Nice,” she said. She took off her sandals and walked across the sandy beach toward the edge of the dark expanse of the ocean where its waves, tired of the long journey around the globe, rippled against the dry land. Standing in the shallow water, she looked at the sky, lifted her arms and locked them behind the neck, exposing her nicely swelling breasts to the mild breeze. 
Tim also took off his shoes, came up close to her and put his left arm around her waist.
“Are you in a dreamy mood today?”
Pat stood motionless, staring at the sky.
“I am thinking.”
“What about?”
“About you, Tim.”
Pat dropped her arms and moved her gaze from the sky to his face. Her eyes reflected yellow moonlight. She was waiting for his response, but it did not follow.
“Does your wife know…anything?”
“No.”
“What did you tell her?”
“That I’ve gone on a business trip. It’s not unusual. I am constantly on business trips.”
“Does she suspect you?”
“I don’t know. Unlikely, though. Why do you ask?”
“I need to know. I love you. I need to know everything about you.”
Tim was at a loss about what to say. Her tone left no doubt about the sincerity of her words. He had not expected her to like him this much after the surgery.
“Why it is so important for you to know about my wife?”
“I don’t want to share you with anyone.”
Tim was dumbfounded. That was something new.
“Listen, Pat. Let’s not talk about that on such a beautiful night. There’s always another day. Morning is better for these discussions.”
Tim attempted to put his hand on her shoulders, but she dodged it with grace.
“Are you going to leave me after this trip?” she asked.
“Here you are,” Tim said. “Your journey to childhood lasted less than a week.”
“Right you are. I am hungry for the adult life. I want to be with you…”
Tim interrupted her impatiently.
“Let’s talk about this tomorrow.”
“Promise we’ll talk tomorrow?”
“Yes.”
Pat stood motionless, peering into the endless, frightening darkness of the ocean and ever-lasting rustle of its waves.
“This is a beautiful place,” she said at last. “I could enjoy it forever.”
“Nothing lasts forever. You’ll be bored with all this very soon.”
“Never. How can you say that? Don’t you enjoy the place?”
“I do. For how long though you can enjoy the same thing? Repetition kills any feeling, including love.” 
“Never,” Pat said. “Never.”
“Okay, darling. Let’s go to the hotel. Time to enjoy different things. Right?”
“Right.” She turned to him, mischief in her eyes. “Want me?”
“Yes.” 
She turned around and walked toward the lights of the hotel. Tim dragged his feet after her with a nasty feeling that she was upset with him. 
He should have expected that from a clever girl. But everyone found life a puzzle. People made decisions every day, if not every hour. This girl, however, had to start an adult life completely unprepared. She had no history of what other kids took for granted: a school with its complex social life, education, adolescence with its sexual awakening and competition with other girls, excitement of the first courtship, first innocent love and plans, however unrealistic, for the future, as well as the ghost of other things, which happened only at the beginning of one’s life. Psychologically she was not prepared for the day-to-day struggle with people, circumstances or difficulty of any kind. Soon she would be thrown from the childhood to the harsh, unforgiving world of adult life. Maybe it had already started. 
The morning woke them up with bright sunlight, cheerful female voices from the beach and the strenuous crashes of heavy waves against the shore. Pat jumped off the bed with her customary joy and enthusiasm and leaned over the windowsill to look around. With his ever-hungry eyes, Tim observed her naked body from behind. This girl was an absurdly strong magnet.
“What’s so interesting out there?” he asked.
“The place looks different in the daylight,” Pat responded, turning him with her smiling face. “Let’s go out. I want to show you something interesting out there. Bring your camera.”
Within ten minutes, they left in search of a place to have breakfast. Pat grabbed his hand as they passed the small swimming pool. 
“What?” Tim asked.
“Look.” Pat pointed to a table around which three motionless figures sat. In their hands the three figures held cards. At first Tim took them for real people, realizing moments later that they were statues. They looked very funny indeed. Pat embraced one of them and posed for a picture. Tim pointed the camera at her. After the click of the shutter, she jumped to another statue, poking her nose into the cards the figure held. Her play-acting with the statues was very funny. A small crowd of spectators gathered behind Tim’s back, encouraging Pat with laughter and cheers. Tim was trying to choose the right angle when to his horror he noticed Ben and Clara behind Pat. The camera clicked. 
“Hi, Ben,” Tim said. “Hi, Clara. Nice to see you.” He was dumbfounded, but looked at them with a blank face.
“Nice to see you, too,” Clara said. “Having a good time?”
“Yes, thanks.”
“Indeed, it’s nice here,” Clara agreed with angry disapproval before dragging Ben away by the arm as she left in a huff. 
“Gosh,” Tim said with a frown. “Such a small world. They will tell Sue.” He stuffed the camera into its case and sat on the bench between two statues. 
“Who are those people?” Pat asked. “What happened?”
Tim didn’t answer. The statues, Pat and Tim sat motionless and silent. It would be very funny if not so sad.
“Who are they?” Pat repeated. 
“They are family friends. The woman had been a friend with my wife for many years. I bet she is calling her right now.”
Pat leaned into him, looking at his face with understanding, compassionate eyes.
“What will happen now? Will your wife divorce you?”
“Too bad if she does. It’s not the right time for troubles. Although, there is never a right time for troubles anyway.”
They did not speak for a few moments, but stared at each other with serious, almost grim faces, not noticing the smiling happy faces around them or the laughter, screams of joy and clinging of dishes on the patio. 
“Is your wife better than me?” Pat asked. 
“Certainly not. There’s no woman in the world better than you.”
“Why don’t you marry me then?” Pat asked. “You said you love me. I thought you did.”
“Yes, I do, but... It is unthinkable, believe me. I am 20 years older than you. Twenty years from now, you will still be an attractive woman, but I’ll be an old man. You’ll leave me much sooner than that, I gather. Our alliance won’t last long.”
“Why do you care how long it would last?” she asked, jerking her head away and staring into the ocean. 
A playful female voice drifted out from the veranda, where a group of men and women enjoyed their morning coffee. Vacationers passed by, looking in their direction with appreciating smiles. Indeed, they made a funny picture. The statues around the table held their cards in eternal preparation for the next move. Among them, a middle-aged man with a young and beautiful woman sat, their faces serious and strained. They did not hide their cards from each other. Yet, the stakes were very high: the future of their lives. 
“I have a son,” Tim said. “He needs me. What would become of him without me? I have many friends. I would lose them all. Did you see how quickly Ben and Clara jumped away from me? That’s what others will do as well. For the wives, I will be too bad an example to their husbands.”
Pat nodded, trying to suppress her tears. Tim put his hand on her bare shoulder. Her skin was warm and smooth like silk.
“Look, how beautiful the world is.” He stretched his hand toward the ocean. “You wanted to see the ocean. Here it is. Isn’t it beautiful?”
“Yes, it is.”
“You can’t be unhappy at the moment when your dream has come true.” 
He ran his palm over her back.    
“I love you, dear. I have brought the beauty of the world to you. Isn’t that something?”
“Yes it is. But I want you to be a part of this world. My world. Otherwise this world may fade for me.”
“Hmm? Where does this wisdom come from?”
“From many years of darkness, from many years of loneliness, dreams and despair. I have a feeling that I have lived many lives.”
“You will never be lonely again. You will always be surrounded by men. You are beautiful. You are playful. You are artistic. Men will never let this kind of woman be alone.”
Pat turned her face toward him, wrinkles of grief emphasizing rather than distorting her beauty.
“What are we going to do when we get back home?” she asked.
“What would you like to do?”
“I want to leave my mother. We’re not getting along lately. We both need privacy.”
“That’s true.” Tim nodded in agreement. “I’ll rent an apartment for you and pay for a year in advance. That should be enough time for you to find something to do for a living. I’ll give you some money. And I’ll visit you often. But I can’t live with you, dear. I have to work, and I have a family, you know…”
“I understand. I’m sorry for the troubles you may have with your wife because of me. Now, let’s go and swim.”  
Tim was about to say something as she rose to her feet and ran toward the ocean. She had the grace and strength of youth. A few young men sitting on the veranda turned their heads and sized her up with hungry eyes. Tim got up to follow Pat, only to bump into Ben and Clara again. They appeared from nowhere.
“Listen, Tim,” Clara said in a cold voice. “I won’t tell Sue anything. After all, I don’t want to be the cause of your family troubles. But I don’t like it. Neither Ben or I like it.” 
She walked away without waiting for his reaction. Ben followed her, but after a few steps he turned back, smiled apologetically and shrugged his shoulders as if to say, “What can you do? That’s Clara.”
Tim found Pat sitting on a recliner near the water, her eyes closed and her hands behind her neck. Tim sat close to her and put his hand on her tummy. 
“We have to leave this place tonight,” he said. “It is better not to see that couple anymore.”
“Did she say something to you just now?”
“Yes. She promised not to say anything to my wife. I don’t know how long her promise will last.”
“I like this place,” Pat said. 
“I like it, too. I hope we’ll have a chance to visit it again sometime. But now it’s time to go.”
“Okay, then.” 
“Good. You’ll fly back alone. I have to go home. There are too many urgent matters I have to attend to. But we’ll be in touch the whole time.”
Two days later they arrived back in Orlando. Pat’s flight was the first. He followed her to the security checkpoint and kissed her cold lips. She did not return the kiss.
“For how long will I be alone?” Pat asked. Her lower lip trembled.
“Not for long. In the meantime, try to find something to do in your life. You have many years ahead. But I won’t leave you alone as long as you love me.”
“I’ll be waiting for you. I love you so much. Please, don’t leave me alone for long.”
 “Your mom will meet you at the airport.” Tim had difficulty suppressing his tears. He gave her a goodbye kiss and rushed away so she could not see his face.               
On the airplane home, Tim helped himself to a lot of brandy, as it was the only tranquilizer at his disposal. The pain of love and separation was splitting his heart. He thought about Clara. 
Would she keep her word and not tell Sue about his affair in Key West? Clara was a clever woman. She understood that such a disclosure would mean the end of his family.

***

It was already late evening when he arrived home. The windows on the houses along the street gleamed with the cozy, hospitable light of chandeliers. His house, however, remained dark, as if uninhabited. Likely Sue and Greg were both out. Tim unlocked the front door, entered the hall and staggered to the stairs in the dim glow of night lamps that he insisted on installing in the corners of the foyer a few years ago. As he reached the second floor he noticed a strip of light under Greg’s door. Tim pressed his ear to the door and listened for half a minute. There was a weak rustle, but nothing distinctive. Tim opened the door without warning and stepped in. The scene in the room wouldn’t have surprised him ten years ago, when Greg was only six. Tim raised his eyebrows. Greg sat on the floor, surrounded by piles of coloured Lego parts and examined a half-finished tank in front of him, to which he was affixing the missing coloured piece. 
“Hi, dad,” Greg said, not giving him a single glance. That was all. No joy, no smile, no expression of any feeling.
“What are you doing?” Tim asked, anger vibrating in his voice. 
“Stupid question. You can see what I’m doing. Assembling a tank. You see how nice it looks?”
“Are you a child?” Tim asked a second question, for which no answer was needed. “A man of almost seventeen playing with Lego. Don’t you have better things to do? Don’t you have any studying to do?”
“I like Lego, what’s wrong with this?”
The piercing, tasteless music of a cell phone interrupted his speech. Tim said “Hello,” but he kept looking at Greg with the eyes of a persecutor. 
“Hi, Tim.”  The melody of Pat’s voice took him to another world.
“Wait a sec,” he said to her in an official tone and then, turned to Greg. “I will talk to you later.”
Greg nodded and leaned back, observing his tank. Tim went to his bedroom and closed the door to make sure that Greg did not hear him.
“Yes, my darling. What happened? Anything urgent?”
“I tried to reach you a few times, but you didn’t pick up your phone.”
“I turned it off in the plane and only turned it on an hour ago. What’s up?”
“When I got home, I found out that my piano and other things had been pushed back into my bedroom. My mom put the coffee table and chairs back into her bedroom. She’s crazy, isn’t she? She has a new boyfriend. She’s afraid that I’ll seduce him. It’s so stupid, isn’t it?”
“I’m afraid it’s not that stupid…”
“I know what you mean. I don’t want to live with her. What am I supposed to do?” She talked as if she was a helpless child.
“Don’t you worry, my dear. Ask your mom to open a bank account for you. I will send you some money like I promised. Find an apartment that you like. Okay?” 
“Thanks, Tim. But I promise, I will not be a burden for you. I'll find something to do for a living.”
“We’ll think about it together. Just let me know how much the rent is. Okay, dear?”
“Okay. I miss you, Tim.”
“I miss you, too. Good night, darling.” 
He sighed. It was time to prepare himself for a meeting with Sue. He took a shower and left the bathroom refreshed and calm. Sue was home by now, waiting for him in a nightgown. 
“I have some news for you,” she said with an intriguing smile. “But let’s have dinner first.” She led the way downstairs, apparently in a very good mood. Tim relaxed a bit. Surely, Clara had not told her anything.  
The dinner was already set up and Greg was at the table waiting for them.  
“Finished your tank?” Tim asked.
“Almost.”
“Good. Now tell me, how are you doing in school?” 
“Okay, I guess.” Greg shrugged his shoulders.
“You guess? Could you give me a more definitive answer?”
“You don’t have to know everything.” Greg was defiant and calm. 
“I won’t pay for a private school anymore,” Tim said. “Then you’ll understand something.”
“I don’t need the bloody private school anyway,” Greg replied. 
“You don’t? Do you know that it’s much easier to get into a good university from a private school than from a public one? Haven’t I explained this to you before?”
“Please, don’t be so hard on him, Tim,” Sue said, serving up the food. “It won’t help.”
“I don’t want to go to university,” Greg said with a smirk. “I don’t want to study anymore.” 
“What do you want to do then?” Tim asked, pounding his fist on the table. He was sure that his question would devastate his son’s logic.
“A firefighter.” 
“A firefighter? A firefighter? Are you sick? What are you talking about?”
“It’s my life.” Greg frowned. “It’s none of your business.” He got up and left, leaving most of his dinner on his plate.
“What happened to him?” Tim looked at Sue and waited for an answer.
“Listen, Tim. You must understand your son. He really has no aptitude for learning. You can’t make him study by force. Nobody has ever succeeded at that. Let him choose his own way in life.”
“Great,” Tim stared at the ceiling. “My son, the firefighter.”
“That’s what he said. You never know what he’ll end up doing. But look, our son is a good human being. He wants to be something. He wants to do something in his life. He has no plans to waste your money or lead a lazy, purposeless life. Think about it, Tim. Wisdom is not an easy thing to comprehend. Often it escapes even the most brilliant minds.”
“I’ll talk to him later,” Tim said. “I hope I’ll be able to explain to him how important an education is. Pity that I haven’t had time for him, lately.”
“There is something to change your mood, Tim,” Sue said. She looked serious, no smile on her face. 
Tim shrunk, expecting a devastating blow. His first thought was that Clara had told her everything. 
“Here is a letter from New York. I couldn’t resist the temptation to open it, as it was the one that you’d expected for so long.” She produced the envelope from a large pocket of her nightgown and placed it in front of Tim. 
His first feeling was great relief. Anything other than Clara’s disclosure was good. But a quick glance at the open letter made him feel like a gambler holding the best combination of cards when stakes were high. 
He had hit the jackpot. An old connection of his, a powerful vice-president of a large manufacturing company in New York offered the contract he had been trying to negotiate for more than a year. Lately, he’d lost hope, as all communications had abruptly stopped. Now they wanted him to start immediately. They were offering $150 U.S. per hour, which wasn’t bad, but not as great it seemed because New York was an expensive place to live. But the best part would come later. In about eight months to a year from now, he would have to assemble a team of about fifteen consultants to complete the project. Then the real money would start to pour in. His payroll budget would be about a million dollars, more than enough to patch up the holes in his savings that he had racked up during his spending spree with Pat.
“I remember what you’d hoped the contract might be,” Sue said, interrupting his feverish financial calculations. “Is it really going to be that great?”
“Even better.” Tim forced himself to take his eyes off the letter. “I can’t believe that I got it. I got it, Sue!”
“How long is it for?” she asked.
“At least two years. Maybe more. My staff will start in the second year, but I’ll be alone for the first. Sue, how can I stay home when such opportunities come along? I have no choice, especially now that my current contract is coming to an end. It’s such a nice surprise. It is great, isn’t it?”
“Yes, it is. It certainly is. When are you going to leave for New York?”
“Let me sort it out tomorrow. But now, let’s go to bed. It’s been too much for me, today.”

***

When he woke up in the morning, he first thought of New York. Every new project he undertook he saw as a milestone and a new adventure in life, where the world unfolded with new people, new puzzles to solve and new travels. This time it would be New York with evenings in exorbitantly expensive restaurants, for which his clients’ company would pay without any questions. He would see the best shows in the world, make new connections with the corporate elite, and make new plans, both business and private. Money was the best friend of fantasy. He would bring Pat to New York. She would live somewhere near him. Living together was out of the question, as Sue could arrive at any moment without warning. 
Tim turned on his computer and picked up the phone. The new project had begun. 
A few days later he arrived in New York and shook hands with the management. They gave him a rather cold, but polite reception. Everyone examined the newcomer and made a judgment whether to accept or reject him. Let them, he thought. This wasn’t his first time and hopefully it wouldn’t be the last. Tim was sure of himself, and rightly so. He soon realized that top-level management did not have a precise understanding on how their enterprise could make a profit. Tim knew too well that his project, as well as his reputation depended on how much money the company would save or make as a result of his job. After listening to all the managers’ complaints and explanations, he collected the company financial statements. He identified areas with the greatest expenses, as well as the boundaries and responsibilities of the various departments and administrative units. He knew that when a business expanded or shrank, each area of the manufacturing process needed substantial changes. He also knew that this was the time when the inevitable miscommunication and poor coordination could occur between the different areas of the enterprise causing the business limp on both legs. After getting a good understanding of what had happened within the company, he began his famous brainstorming sessions with the managers of all departments. He made them understand the problem and come to an agreement with each other.
He found all this activity rather strenuous. After finishing one session he had to prepare voluminous documentation, only to move along to the next session.  He had no time to fly home and spend time with his family. 
Every night before going to bed, he called Pat. His ability to work at this time of the day was close to nil, but not his love for Pat. He ended every conversation with the words, “Come here, darling. We’ll have fun. I love you.”
But Pat was in no hurry to visit him. She used the money he had transferred into her account to rent an apartment, buy furniture and attend to a host of other incidental details that came with moving to a new place. Teresa helped her as much as she could. As she romanced her boyfriend, Teresa wanted her beautiful daughter to live as far from them as possible. Without Teresa’s help Pat couldn’t do anything because she lacked any understanding of the paperwork associated with renting, buying and the other trivia of day-to-day life.
After all was settled she said, “yes” at last. Tim paid for the airline ticket and met her at the airport. It was funny to watch Pat in the crowd, bewildered and lost among the many people rushing in all directions like ants around their nest.
“Pat,” he said, as she was about to pass by, trying desperately to find him among so many people. She ran toward him with a childish, joyful smile. Still holding two huge suitcases, she offered her lips for a sensual kiss. Tim noticed from the corner of his eye a few bewildered glances. Indeed, he thought, it was rather weird to see a young beauty exchanging a passionate kiss with a balding middle-aged man.
“Now I will show you New York at its best,” Tim said. “There is no city like it in the world.”
When night fell, Tim and Pat lay in bed in a post-coital glow and gazed out the window at the fantastic symphony of the Manhattan nightlights. Pat chattered about the hardships of renting the apartment, choosing furniture and writing checks. Tim found it amusing that she considered rather simple tasks as complicated problems. However, she asked a lot of practical questions. She was a clever girl who learned fast, and more importantly, she wanted to learn. 
With the little time he had, Tim tried to impress her with Manhattan. Tim considered New York the most intriguing city in the world. Opportunities to meet interesting people, to have a good time and to make money were infinite here. He found the cityscape to his liking; it had a charm of its own kind – the succession of stone towers, the unique Central Park and all the city’s features created to please and entertain people with money. 
Pat’s reacted to Manhattan with a mixture of disgust and admiration. She found the endless rows of faceless high-rise buildings standing together like gigantic soldiers in a military parade rather depressing. No family houses or small buildings with manicured lawns and gardens appeared in their view.  
“Do you like it here?” Tim asked her when she stared at the crazy phantasmagoria of Broadway lights. They lit up the whole street in every colour imaginable, as they jumped in across the skyscrapers from top to bottom. For a girl from a provincial town it must be a great show, Tim thought.  
“I want to fly home, Tim. It is boring here,” Pat said. 
“Boring?” he asked, looking at her to confirm his understanding.
“Yes. I am alone here all day long till late at night. There is nothing for me to do during the daytime. I don’t know anyone here.”
“But you can walk outside. Manhattan is one of the most spectacular places in the world.” 
“This is a faceless city for me,” Pat said. “Tall buildings that all look the same; people rushing around like rats, real rats, running around in the filthy subway. I don’t like it. I have to go home anyway. I have to start working. I don’t want to live at your expense. It must not, and will not last forever. Let me go, Tim. You’d better come to my place when you have time.” 
Amused, Tim thought about what she’d said for a few moments. What a difference in the way we all perceive the world around us. Everyone is different. Pat was right from her own perspective. 
“Okay. I understand. Let me sort out the most urgent matters and I will come to your place, perhaps in three or four weeks from now. But eventually I will find some way of setting you up in New York, close to me. Maybe I will find a job for you here. With my connections…” 
Pat only shrugged her shoulders. For Tim’s benefit, she made the best of her last night in New York and left in the morning for the airport. 
A short time after she’d left, he had to make corrections to this plan. Whether it was daytime or late evening, Pat did not pick up the phone when he called.  He left a message once, but Pat did not return the call. On Saturday, morning he finally heard her sleepy voice.
“What happened, Pat?” he asked irritated, suspecting her of having an affair. “Why didn’t you pick up the phone?” 
“Oh, you, Tim. Good morning. I’m still half asleep.”
“Why?”
“It was a tough week for me. I’m now working, Tim.”   
She announced her work status with a great deal of pride.
“What job? Where?” Tim was taken aback. He thought her talking about working and being independent was wishful thinking. How can a girl with no skills, education and experience find a job? 
“At the factory. I assemble small electrical switches. It’s not a hard job, though.”
“Come on, Pat. This isn’t for you.”
“What is for me?”
“You can play piano. Did you try to find something in this line?”
“Yes, I did. There are plenty of jobless musicians around with the proper education. Nobody wants to talk to me.” 
The job at the factory is not for you,” Tim said, trying to figure out what job would work for her. “Anyway, let’s discuss it later," he said. “Why didn’t you pick up the phone in the evenings? Where have you been?”
“I’m attending adult literacy courses at night school. I don’t know to read and write. I’ve missed almost all of school. There’s no one around my age who is illiterate. Only immigrants.” Pat sighed.
“Do you like your job?” Tim asked.
“It’s okay. Just… The light is not strong enough there. It’s hard on my eyes.”
“I’ll come to your place,” Tim said. “Maybe we’ll find something better for you.”
“When will you come?”
“As soon as I have time.”

***

But time was a precious commodity. Tim kept choking under a pile of urgent work. He didn’t even have time to fly home, although he had promised Sue he would every second weekend. He took the next Friday off, however, and flew to see Pat. 
It was the afternoon, while she still worked when the taxi dropped him off at her apartment. He let himself in with the spare key Pat had left him in New York. 
A one-bedroom apartment, rather spacious, with simple, inexpensive furniture arranged in good taste, which constituted her simple place. Flowers stood in vases everywhere and they left the distinct signature of a woman’s domain. Pat had obviously spent his money carefully, and had given thorough consideration to every purchase.
Tim was hungry but found no food anywhere. The refrigerator was empty save a few half-rotten apples.
Pat arrived shortly after 5 o’clock, greeting him with her customary joyful smile and long kiss. Tim took her hands, turned up her palms and studied them for a few moments. 
“Not good,” he said, shaking his head. “Not good.” 
Pat freed her hands, placed them on his cheeks and closed her eyes. A happy, foolish smile appeared on her face as she leaned into him like a child seeking refuge and safety in her father’s hands. Tim, however, didn’t treat her like a father.
“You don’t know how I missed you all this time,” she said, letting him undress her. “You simply don’t know.”
For the next three hours they treated each other with the merciless, egoistic greed of insatiable lust. When their energy had been exhausted, they lay in bed, looking at each other with tired happy eyes.
“I’m hungry,” Pat said, and stretched her swollen lips into a lazy smile. 
“You have no food at home.” 
“That’s right.”
“I know a very nice restaurant that’s not that far from here. Let’s go for dinner there.” 
“Off we go!” Pat jumped off the bed and began picking up her clothes that Tim’s impatient hands had scattered everywhere.
A half an hour later they sat in the restaurant, drinking wine and listening to the music drifting in from the adjoining piano bar. 
“Tell me more about your job,” Tim said. “What is it?”
“Like I said, we assemble small electrical switches.”
“Do you like it?”
“The job isn’t bad. But people around me are nasty. I don’t know why. I haven’t done any harm to them.” 
“What’s wrong?”
“Yesterday somebody stuck gum to my clothes. A couple of days ago someone spilled dirty oil on my shoes. They’re expensive, these shoes, you know. Why do they do that? I haven’t done anything wrong. I’m doing my job as good as anyone else.” 
“Because they feel that you don’t belong with them,” Tim said. “You’re dressed better than they are. You look beautiful, but nobody else who works there is. Beautiful women don’t work on the assembly line. But you’re not safe from that kind of people anywhere. Move higher, and you will encounter people that do nasty things to you just because you are more successful, or better looking, or God knows what. Their methods might be different, but the essence is the same.”
“But still…I always thought that people must be kind to each other. Why do they have to be so mean?”
Tim laughed.
“Poor kid. Greed and envy are the most powerful emotions. You have to find the place where you belong.”
“I don’t belong to anything.” Pat sighed. 
“You are a talented pianist.”
“Nobody cares what kind of pianist I am.”
“Let’s see,” Tim said with an intriguing smile. “Life offers many opportunities. You just have to see them. It takes more than sight to recognize and take advantage of them.”
 He stood up and approached the piano. The female pianist was finishing the last passages of Chopin’s Minute Waltz.
“Nice music,” he said to the woman.
“Thank you.”
“Are you taking a break?” Tim asked.
“I sure am,” she said in the raspy voice of an experienced drinker. 
“Do you mind if that girl over there plays while you’re away?” He pointed to the table where Pat sat alone.
“That pretty girl?”
“Yes.”
“Sure. Why not.” 
When she got up from the stool Tim noticed she was a bit tipsy.
“Would you like me to buy you a drink?” Tim asked.
“Very kind of you. Double cognac, please,” she said as Tim handed her thirty dollars.
“This is too much.” 
“Just a token of my appreciation,” Tim said. He gestured Pat over. “The piano is yours, Pat. Now, show them how you can play. Sit down, don’t be shy.”
But shy she was not. Smiling contentedly, she sat at the piano and began to play, as if it was her daily routine. Soon an appreciative crowd began to gather around the piano. Many of the men in the audience enjoyed her looks as much as her music. The murmur of conversation subsided throughout the restaurant as everyone began listening to the magical sounds of the piano.   
The waiter approached Tim and whispered respectfully in his ear.
 “Your dinner’s been served, sir. It’s getting cold.”
Tim gave Pat a sign, which she acknowledged with a nod. She stood up, bowed to the gathered crowd, and as she strolled away from the piano, she held her head high like a star after a great performance.   
“How was it?” Pat asked, blushing with a feverish flame in her eyes.
“Beautiful,” Tim placed his hand on her shoulder. “That’s what you should be doing. I’m sure that we will find something for you. The first thing we need to do is find you a place close to me in New York. Then we’ll start looking. Okay?”
“Sure,” Pat said. 
Tim looked around. He didn’t like everyone watching Pat.  Too much attention caused harm to even the most seasoned celebrity. For a beautiful young girl like Pat it could prove devastating. What if indeed Pat did find the place she belonged to?
Their dinner was almost finished when a tall good-looking man in his thirties approached their table. 
“Excuse me for the intrusion. I don’t mean to disturb your privacy,” he said in a polite, apologetic tone. He turned to Pat. “Great performance, young lady.”
“Thank you,” Pat responded with a smile, which Tim thought must be reserved only for him.
“I’m from a movie production company. My colleagues are over there.” He pointed to a large group of people sitting around a spacious table. All of them were men, except one pretty blonde, an elegantly dressed woman. 
“Movie,” Pat said, holding her breath.
“Yes. Our boss was impressed with your playing. Would you mind joining us for a chat?” He now turned to Tim.
“Of course,” Pat said, jumping off her chair. “I’d love to.”
Tim had no choice but to agree. 
“We don’t have much time, though” Tim remarked.
“Whatever you can spare.” The man led the way toward his colleagues. “Here you are.” He pointed to two free chairs. “Please sit down.” 
Tim stared in front of him. Across the table sat a man in his fifties, still good looking, self-assured, and it seemed, polished in high society. The pretty woman to the right of him was examining Pat with a stern face. 
“My name is Larry McDermott,” the man said, looking straight at Pat.
“I’m Rebecca,” the woman beside him said, as she stretched out her hand. “I’m an actress. I work for Larry. Nice performance, Pat. Very nice, indeed.” 
“Thank you.” Pat’s cheeks and neck were red from excitement. 
Larry’s posture and manners suggested a man of success and good experience in life. Tim knew his kind too well. Calm, self assured and polite, they recognized the value of people in the first few minutes of the encounter. Those who did not fall in their category of useful people received no attention, unless dictated by sheer politeness. However, someone of interest would immediately be drawn into a lively conversation, seemingly meaningless to an outside observer, but significant for those with the ability to look into the heart of the matter. 
“You are a good piano player,” he said, praising Pat with an approving and encouraging smile. “Where did you study piano?”
“Just…private lessons,” Pat said. She sounded confused.
“It was great. My interests are selfish. I’m a movie producer. Not big feature movies, mostly documentaries and commercials. I’m always on the lookout for fresh blood.”
Rebecca gave him a sharp and contemptuous look. Tim understood the game at once. The old goat wanted Pat in bed.
 “Ah,” Pat said. With unblinking eyes she regarded Larry as a messenger from heaven. “I’ve never seen a movie producer in my life.”
“You will see a lot of us, my darling,” Larry said. “You’ve got plenty of time.”      
“How are you…related?” Rebecca asked, giving Tim an apologetic smile.
“We are… just friends.” Pat looked embarrassed. 
The actress tilted her head back and stared at the ceiling as if to say, “God, help me.”  
“I see,” she sighed instead, with the bitterness and wisdom of an experienced woman and cast a quick glance at Larry, expecting a silent exchange of opinions. But Larry looked into his glass of wine as if it were the only subject deserving his attention. Everyone watched Pat now. In the dim light she seemed even younger than her actual age. Her lips, never touched by lipstick, were swollen from excitement and wine, their pink skin smooth and tight like a ripe cherry.
She blessed everyone with a shy, wide, appreciating smile. Her eyes emitted that specific lustre of youth, when a girl is becoming a woman and every cell of her body craves love and physical intimacy.  
The men all smiled in return with stupid admiration on their faces. The wheels of imagination in the heads of these bohemian people spun at a maddening rate. Larry took his eyes off his wine and turned them to Pat in a long, meaningful stare, his lips half open.
“Here is my phone number,” he said, handing Pat and Tim his business cards. “Call me, Pat. We’re always looking for potential actresses.” 
Rebecca’s sardonic smile made a silent comment to this statement.
 
***

The grim anticipation of trouble haunted Tim all the way back to New York. Upon his return he did his best to find a nearby place for Pat to live. For the next two weeks he worked as fast as he could, but events beyond his control unfolded much faster. He had just found a nice bachelor apartment when Pat called him late in the evening.
“Tim, dear. I have bad and good news. Which one do you wish to hear first?”
“Tell me both in any sequence.”
“The bad news is that I was fired from the factory.”
“Well…I think it’s good news. What is the bad news?”
“I called Larry. You remember, the movie producer?"”
“Yes, I do. I remember the old goat.”
“Don’t be so rude, Tim. He offered me a job in one of his commercials. It’s for a new shampoo.”
“Damn it!”
“You’re not happy?” Pat’s voice sounded surprised.
“Not at all.” Tim couldn’t contain his anger. “No, I don't like it at all.”
“Why not” Now Pat sounded irritated. “You said that I should find another job. You said that I have to find the place I belong. I think this is the place. I did what you said.”
“Listen, dear. I found an apartment for you not far from my place. Come to New York.”
“I won’t. Please, understand, Tim. This is a once-in-a-life-time opportunity for me. I can act; I can play piano; I can sing. But I can’t do anything else.”
“I miss you, Pat.”
“I miss you too. But I have to stay here and try this. Who knows, maybe I really could become independent and support myself.”
Tim finally realized that he did not want her to be independent. 
“Listen, Pat. I will find something similar for you in New York.” He knew he was lying. He didn’t know anyone in film production or show business. More importantly, he didn’t want Pat working in an industry where, as he believed, a succession of love affairs for men and women was part of the job and the way of life.
“Let me finish this commercial first, Tim.” Pat sounded determined. 
Tim slammed the telephone into the cradle and sat on the sofa. It was clear to him that the turning point had come, and he had to make a painful decision. The only solution to resolve all of this would be to marry Pat. But it would be a temporary solution. How long would Pat stay with him? 
He wasn’t the only man attractive to her. Tim strongly believed that genuine love does not exist without physical attraction. Only circumstances could make a woman love an ugly rich man. With money, she would try to find a handsome young mate. 
“What would happen then, when Pat started fooling around with someone?” he asked himself aloud. “Divorce again, the splitting of property and all that crap?”      
For the next few days Tim couldn’t catch Pat at home in the evenings. He finally tried calling at noon. She picked up the phone. 
“Oh, it’s you, Tim,” she said, sounding half asleep. 
“Why haven’t you been answering the phone? I’ve been calling every night.”
“Because I haven’t been getting home before midnight. We start in the afternoon, and shooting goes late into the evening. Then we go to a restaurant. These guys pay, you know. I think I’m getting fat.”
Her voice now trembled like a silver bell, saturated with happiness and vigour. It was the voice of a very happy young woman. Happy, but without him.
“What makes you so happy?” Tim asked.
“You promised me a beautiful life, Tim. This is it. Why shouldn't I be happy?"
This was intolerable. 
The next day was filled with meetings, but before he left, he sent e-mail to all his peers announcing that he was taking a few days off to attend to personal matters. He went to the airport, bought a business class ticket – only the ridiculously expensive seats were available on short notice – and left New York. Throughout the flight he felt angry and jealous. He arrived at Pat’s at eleven o’clock at night, when working people usually went to bed. He had a nasty feeling that Pat was at home, and not alone at that. 
Was it simply jealousy, whose foundation was only love, and nothing else? Or was it intuition, which received information from unexplainable sources? Or was it his analytical mind, trained to develop the worse case scenario and find the way to deal with it? 
Tim carefully unlocked the door and sneaked in, trying his best not to make any sound. The feeble squeaking of hinges hit his ears like a siren. He noticed men’s shoes, big and splattered with mud, lying carelessly on the floor. They were expensive, well-made, casual style. Between them, accurately arranged one beside the other, was a pair of woman’s shoes. They looked expensive too.
Behind the bedroom door Tim heard the murmur of a calm chat; a splash of silvery female laughter occasionally interrupted a man’s voice. His heart pounding, Tim stood by the door to the bedroom, trying to catch patches of the conversation behind it.
“Who is she with?” he asked himself. Would his intrusion result in violence with all its consequences? Would it be better to just leave the place quietly and forget about Pat? 
Another burst of laughter, louder than the first, ignited his uncontrollable rage. With a violent shove, the door flew in and Tim stormed into the room. 
Pat was in bed with Larry, the movie producer. Both of them were completely naked.
Pat screamed, frantically reaching for a bed sheet. Her eyes, flooded with horror and surprise, were fixed on Tim. Larry was even more scared. He stared at Tim like someone expecting a violent death. 
“Son of a bitch!” Tim roared, punching him in the face. Larry made no attempt to fight back. He covered his head with both hands.
“"Please, please. Don’t hit me,” he said.
Tim hit him a few more times, but all of a sudden his fighting mood vanished. He didn’t find much bravery in beating an old coward who behaved like a defenseless old woman.
“Get out!” Tim said, pointing a finger at Larry.
“I will, I will," Larry said. “Please, let me get dressed first.”
Tim left the bedroom and sat on a chair. He tried to regain his sanity. It seemed to him that he had stepped into a surrealistic world where irrational behaviour was the only choice for the souls inhabiting it. 
The bedroom door remained shut and Tim could hear a feeble sound of conversation. Larry soon appeared with his head down, put his muddy shoes on and hurried out without tying laces. Then Pat came out of the bedroom. She wore a nightgown and tears slid down her face. She didn’t glance at Tim but disappeared into the bathroom and locked the door.
“You’re a liar," Tim said through the closed door. “Why did you say that you love me?”
“Because I do.” Pat sobbed behind the door.
“Liar! You lie even after I caught you in bed with this old goat.”
“I wouldn't be able to get this job if I didn’t. Rebecca…you remember the actress in the restaurant?  She told me that no pretty girl could get a good role in a movie without sleeping with the producer. Why should I be any different?”
“But... Christ! Do you understand what you’re saying?”
“Yes, I do. Who is different around me? You? You sleep with your wife, don’t you? You slept with my mom and then with me. Rebecca says that you might have lovers in New York, because it is such a place… Only I have to be a saint.”  
This confession stunned Tim. It had never occurred to him that sleeping with his wife might hurt this girl.
“You also said that you love me.” Pat kept sobbing. “Why don’t you marry me, then? What kind of love is it?”
“You know my circumstances.”
“You know mine. As your mistress, I don’t have a future. I don’t want to be your paid mistress. It’s worse than what Larry offers.”      
Tim did not respond. Conflicting, painful thoughts tortured his soul. It was intolerable to think that she was in the hands of another man a few minutes ago. The last remnants of common sense failed him. 
“You can still marry me,” Pat said in muffled voice behind the door. Tim could hear her blowing her nose.
“After this?” Tim said with fresh rage. “If you fool around before marriage, what would happen after? Everyone would laugh at me.”
“Why do you care what everyone says? But I will be faithful to you, I swear.”
Tim laughed.
“Enough is enough. Best of luck in your fucking career.”
He left, slamming the door behind him with a thundering crash.

***

On the way back to New York he tried to convince himself he had made the right decision. There is no future for me with her. There is no future for her with me. She is right. It was a nice episode in my life, but it is over. It is over. It is bloody over. 
It seemed that it was. In the two months since he left Pat, his life indeed had gone back to the rail track of his usual routine – long hours of work, every second weekend with his family, dinners with new acquaintances. But his interest in everything around him faded fast. His attention span turned shorter and shorter; he did not smile when sheer politeness dictated it – Tim was very particular about manners; he was losing the thread of discussions at important meetings; he was becoming a shadow of himself. Pat remained the master of his thoughts day and night. 
Despite all his grief, he noticed that Sue was always away from home in the evenings; only Greg answered the phone. Inevitably, suspicion crept into his mind. With masochistic contentment he thought about the worse case scenario: Sue is fooling around with someone. Why not? Why should she be faithful to him, alone most of the time? A woman should not be left for long unattended. Besides, misfortunes tended to cluster, as bad luck in the game of chance.
“It is better to know the truth,” he told himself. He decided to come home on a weekday, when Sue would least expect him, and figure out what was going on. 
With the late flight he arrived home just as the night descended upon their quiet street. The streetlights flickered to life and the headlights of the passing cars helped illuminate the couples walking along the sidewalk. Every window in his house was dark. He carefully unlocked the front door and listened. Nothing disturbed the silence of the empty house. 
Trying to make as little noise as possible Tim opened the bedroom door. Sue was not there. He took off his jacket and lay on the bed with the rest of his clothes on. After an hour of darkness and quiet, the loud crunch of tires on the driveway proclaimed someone’s arrival. He got to his feet and looked out the large bay window, from where he could see the whole front yard and the porch. There was a car with its lights on, but nobody got out of it. Five long minutes passed before the passenger door opened and a woman got out. Sue – he would recognize her silhouette anywhere – stepped out of the car, climbed the porch steps and then turned back to say something to the driver. A tall man stepped out of the car and approached her.
Sue put her hand on his shoulder. As she spoke to him, her eyes reflected the light of the driveway torches. She kissed him on the lips and was about to walk through the door when the man grabbed her rather possessively into his large arms. Sue embraced his neck and they locked into each other in a long kiss. It was unreal to see Sue in the arms of another man. It was painful to see her passion for this man. At last the man let her go and she disappeared into the house, then slowly climbed the stairs, opened the bedroom door and almost fainted when she saw Tim.
“Ah!” she said. “I almost had a heart attack. Why are you sitting in the dark?”
“So I can see what is going on outside.” 
“What do you mean?”   
“You exchanged a passionate kiss with a man out there. Rather unusual strength of feelings for a woman of your age.”
Sue looked at him for a few moments with fear and disgust distorting her face. Next moment she regained control of herself and sat on the small couch by the window, looking defiant and determined to fight back. 
“Oh, but it’s appropriate for you to fool around with a teenager? You’re young enough for that, are you?”
“How did you find it out?” he asked. Now he had no doubt that this game was lost as well. 
“Two or three months ago I found a message on your cell phone from some young woman. It was long, and all about love. It was no great surprise for me. I could sense your affair since last Christmas, but didn’t know for sure and didn’t want to know. And then I talked to Clara about you. I just wanted to share my suspicions. Clara confessed at once. She told me about the girl you were with in Key West.”
Tim was about to say something, but Sue stopped him with a resolute sweeping hand gesture.
“I know that she promised you not to tell me. I know that. But you know how a woman can’t keep her word. Even a small secret will ruin her mind until it is shared with someone. Anyway, she told me that the girl was very young and very pretty. That is the first indication that the man is getting old, isn’t it?"
“Why didn’t you tell me that?”
“Because it meant divorce. I didn’t want to make a big fuss over that. We have a son. We have property. We have our circle of friends.”
“Do you love me at all?”
“Don’t be a fool. What do you need my love for?”
“Just interested to know why you lived with me for all these years. What was it? Convenience? Money?”
She dismissed his remark.
“I had hoped that the affair with the young whore would not last long. I was wrong. Frankly, Tim, I’ve been attracted to the man I was with tonight for a long time, but did not dare to go to bed with him. I guess it’s because of the old stupid morality my parents put into my head. But last month I came to the conclusion that our marriage is over. Now you know everything. I will sleep in the other bedroom. Good night, Tim.” 
“Okay. You take care of the separation agreement.”
“That’s fine. I won’t rip you off. I’m an independent woman.” She stood up and held her head up high as she left the bedroom.
Tim left for New York early in the morning when Sue and Greg were still in bed. He didn’t want to see them. What for? What had happened the night before was not unexpected. Serious love affairs never passed without trouble. Tragedy was the most common outcome. It was ridiculous to suggest that his relationship with Pat would pass unnoticed. 
Well, that was the end of the whole ordeal. He sighed as he boarded the plane. A milestone, so to speak. Now a new stage in his life would begin. Farewell all the past! Welcome the future! 
If only this were the end of it. It was not, however. With the passage of time, the intensity of his love to Pat did not diminish.
Tim did his best to concentrate on work, spending fourteen hours a day in the office. His social life ceased to exist. He didn’t want to see anyone in the evenings. Lonely and irritated, he wandered about Manhattan, walking in Central Park or along Broadway, afraid to return home where nobody waited for him. A few months passed in this monotonous succession of days and nights, with no other goal except to forget about Pat. 
I must meet her. Maybe we will start all over again? After all, what happened is partly my fault.
He dialed the number and listened, holding his breath. Instead of the melody of Pat’s voice an automatic message announced, “The number you have dialed is no longer in service. This is a recording.”
 His attempts to find her were futile. He couldn’t find her name in the telephone directory. After a short hesitation he dialed Teresa’s number. To his surprise she picked up the phone.
“Hello.” He recognized her voice at once.
“Hi, Teresa. It’s Tim.”
“What can I do for you?” she asked, not hiding her animosity. 
“Do you know Pat’s phone number?”
“No. Why do you need it?”
“I want to talk to her.”
“I doubt that she would want to talk to you.”
“Is she alone?”
“Sort of.” She obviously did not want to talk to him.
“I need to find her, Teresa. Please help me. How can I find her?”
“Okay,” she said at last. “I can give you her address. She doesn’t want anyone to know her phone number. Don’t ask me why.” 
“The address will do.” 
He was at the airport early the next morning. His life became meaningful again, with goals, decisions and love. Everything around him was to his liking – the flight, the line-up of people at the taxi, and even the taxi driver, who was not in a speaking mood. Tim told him the address and the driver simply nodded.
“Do you know where it is?” Tim asked.
“Of course I do.” The driver sounded offended. “I know this city too well.”
“Nice weather.” Tim needed a friendly chat. The driver made an effort to turn his head and look at the passenger behind him. The weather was not good for him. A thick layer of gray clouds blocked the sky as far as the eye could see and threatened to burst into heavy rain.
“Not for a taxi driver.” 
“Probably not,” Tim agreed.
 The taxi took him into a pleasant neighbourhood and stopped in front of a manicured lawn. 
“Yes, I've been here,” the driver said, taking the money from Tim.
“You’ve brought someone else to this house?”
“Don’t remember for sure. Can’t remember all my passengers.” He quickly counted the money and smiled at Tim. “Thank you, sir.” 
With a pounding heart Tim approached the house and pressed the doorbell. The door flew open and Pat appeared at the doorstep.
“Tim? How did you find me?” She stepped back and let him in.
“Your mother gave me the address,” Tim said. 
With a gesture of her hand Pat invited him to sit on a sofa.
“Coffee, tea?” she asked. 
“Nothing. Just sit down. I want to talk to you.”
He looked around. Nice furniture, much more expensive than what she had bought with his money, was arranged with an artistic taste. Pat had changed a lot. She looked much older than her years, much more mature and self-assured. Her lips were painted in thick red. Her gown was very short, barely long enough to hide her underwear. She sat in a rocking chair and crossed her legs. It was almost the same move that seduced him when she was a virgin.
 "What brings you here?” she asked. Her eyes shone with joy. Without a doubt, she was happy to see him.
“I still love you, Pat. I can’t live without you.”
“You wouldn’t want to live with me now.”
“Who are you living with now? Larry?”
“No. I haven't seen Larry since you beat him. He fired me that night. He said that he didn’t need complications. There are plenty of pretty girls around for a movie producer.”
“What are you doing for money, then? Who pays for this furniture and the house?”
“I do. I’m a whore. I get lots of money.”
“You’re what? What are you talking about?”
“You heard it correctly. One of Larry's cronies offered me lots of money if I worked with him. There was no choice for me then.”
“No choice?” Tim almost shouted. “No choice? Don’t you have any understanding of morality?”
“Morality,”" Pat repeated the word with contempt. “Who around me has morality? My mother? You? Larry? Just think about it. With your morals, where would I be now? Starving. Men give me a good life in exchange for my body.”  
Tim looked around. He felt like he was losing his mind.
“Now I understand where this luxury comes from.” He nodded into space, as if he spoke to himself.
“You promised me a good life, but I had to get it myself. This was the only way. But I discovered that hell exists inside paradise. I live simultaneously in both places. You see the paradise all around us, but hell is inside me. I carry it with me everywhere.”  
“God. Do you blame me?”
“No.”
The telephone rang. She picked up the cordless receiver and went to the bedroom from where he heard her silvery laughter. Tim took a bottle of whisky from a shelf and indulged in a large swig. The burning liquid gave him short relief. He knew that this was the proper time to go, but nonetheless he sat motionless, as if glued to the chair. He blamed himself for what had happened to her. 
She was brought from the merciful darkness, where compassion and help from others was the natural environment, to the harsh, unforgiving world of competition and responsibilities. She must have lived under tremendous stress and fear. The landlord would throw her out if she did not pay the rent. Her boss could fire her if there was something not to his liking. In the world of money everyone kicked her without mercy for any mistake. No one knew or cared to know what her life was in the past. She looked like a beautiful healthy woman, happy with the best gift of nature a woman could have, wonderful looks. 
Using her body was the easiest way to make a living. Her eyes gained vision, but her soul remained blind. There was no guide for the blind soul. It would wander around the swampy, treacherous ground, until swallowed into eternity, where necessity and morality never clashed.
Pat finished her conversation and returned.
“Do you want some coffee now?” she asked.
I don’t want anything,” Tim said. “I don't even want to live.”
“Why?” Her voice held no surprise.
“Because I still love you. I came here to marry you. Gosh, the whole world has collapsed.”
“I still love you too, Tim. Why can’t we get married?”
Tim looked at her in astonishment.
“Marry a whore? You must be crazy.”
“No. I’ll be a faithful wife to you.”
Tim sighed.
“It’s time for me to go,” he said, rising from the sofa. “I thought you would be grateful to me. Without me, you would have never had your sight restored. I showed you how beautiful life can be.”
“Not only that, you gave me vision to see how miserable my life could be.”
“That’s not my fault.”
“True. It’s nobody’s fault. I remember you once said that life could be miserable even with vision. It’s worth living, however. I like the world as it is. Even now. I thank you for that. Now you have to leave me. One of my clients is coming. I don’t have time for you anymore. Goodbye.”  
She kissed him on the forehead. Even in slippers she was taller than he. 
“Goodbye, Pat,” he whispered. His vocal cords failed to produce a sound. 
He left her and walked with no particular destination in mind. He roamed onto a busy street and went into a pub. 
“Cognac,” he said as he settled on a stool at the bar. 
“What kind of cognac?” the blond young barman asked while humming a tune under his breath.
“Any.”
The barman poured the brown liquid into a large glass. Tim finished it at once. 
“Same again.” He showed the empty glass. The barman filled it up and looked on as Tim gulped it down.
“Another?”
“Sure.”
“Here it is.”
 Tim was the only customer in the bar, which gave the barman a chance to provide the best possible service.  
“What happened, sir?” The barmen asked him. “Have you lost someone?”
“Yes.”
“May I ask who?”
“My love. My girlfriend.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, sir. I know how that feels. Was she pretty? Young?”
“Yes. Young and very pretty.” 
The barman filled another glass with his best cognac and slid along the bar top. 
“This is for you, sir, on the house.”
“I have plenty of money,” Tim said. “But I appreciate your kindness. Here’s a hundred dollars for you.”
“Thank you, sir. Thank you. By the way, there will be plenty of pretty girls in here tonight. I can introduce you to someone, if you wish. There is always another night and another girl. The world has not collapsed yet.”
“The world has collapsed for me,” Tim said. He got up and left. 
The rain now poured down, but he didn’t notice as he walked and walked, with no particular destination in mind. Conflicting considerations and desires tore his mind and spirit into pieces like a powerful pack of hyenas at their prey.
Maybe she was right. Maybe I should marry her? After all, she was the only one who could make me happy. Nobody around us would know that she was a whore. The company of others? To hell with them. They exist only to judge each other, to gossip behind each other’s back and to envy what they don’t have. The fact that she was with other men. . . Well, it is partly my own fault. Oh, how sweet this girl is. How sweet. The pain of not having her will kill me eventually.   
He was soaked to the bones when a taxi stopped beside him and a black driver spoke through the open window of the passenger seat. 
“Wanna taxi, sir?” he asked.
“Yes.” Tim sat in the back seat of the car and stared forward, unable to depart from his thoughts about Pat.
“Where do you wish to go?” the driver asked as he turned on the meter. Tim did not answer. After a minute of silence the driver turned back and looked into his eyes.
“Where do you wish to go, sir?” he asked again, raising his voice as if speaking to a deaf man. The sound of it brought Tim back to the real world.
“To the airport,” he said curtly, and covered his eyes with both hands to hide his tears.

BANALITY OF WORDS



The summer brought excruciating heat to New York. The sun seemed to have grown weary of people and their sins, and so that very morning it arose and again attempted to melt everyone down or burn them to ashes. Those who could afford it fled to parts of the globe blessed with more agreeable weather.
Barbara took refuge on her yacht, which she kept docked near Detroit in one of the Lake Huron marinas. If nothing else, it gave her relief from the frying hell of New York. Presently, the yacht was crossing the vast expanse of Georgian Bay in the direction of Killarney Village, a remote Canadian getaway far from densely populated areas. Here, amidst an endless stretch of water, the air was cool and clear. Only the humming of the engine and splashes of the wake off the stern disturbed the tranquility of the day. 
“Water is the best environment for a healthy life,” Barbara recalled her friend Nancy once saying. “There is no one on Earth allergic to water. Someone smart invented yachts for pleasure.” 
All women around Barbara busied themselves with pleasure. Nancy, however, acted better than many others. At least she was amusing, well educated, and good company. She habitually spiced up her practical considerations with some pseudo-scientific information, which added to her entertainment value. She once tried to convince Barbara to build a house somewhere high in the mountains of a tropical country. A former journalist and an ardent traveler, Nancy knew where the good life was.
“Think about it,” she had said. “The temperature in the tropics never changes. In the mountains, the higher you go, the cooler it gets. You can choose the altitude where the temperature is to your liking and build a house there. Bingo! You’ll enjoy the same weather all year round. The only problem is there would be no one to keep you company. All the social life is in the filthy overcrowded cities.” 
Lonely and bored, sitting at the bow of a large yacht in the middle of nowhere, Barbara gazed straight ahead, as if expecting a miracle beyond the horizon. It would take another 2 hours to get to the village where she would meet two couples—family friends so to speak. Relations with them were so tightly interwoven with business interests that it was impossible to tell for sure which threads were stronger.
Life takes unexpected turns, thought Barbara. People give their best effort to get what they want. What’s often the result? They discover that they don’t need it at all. This may happen only to those who live too high in the social strata. How else could she explain being lonely and unhappy after selling her company for $35 million? After all, she needed a break. The last 2 years were brutally exhausting. Endless production problems, fierce competition, and the accelerated pace of change in the technical and business environments took their toll. She decided to sell the company and have a rest. But now, only 4 months after closing the deal, she’d discovered a few surprising things.
First, she realized that she had no real friends. Most of those in her social circle depended upon her in one way or another. As soon as she broke the business ties, the friendships disappeared into thin air. She had plenty of acquaintances who were happy to socialize with her, but she did not want them.
Second, she discovered that she did not need a rest, at least not as long and boring as the one she had. After a few weeks of doing nothing, she realized life was intolerable without the hectic activity of the modern business world. Her mother would call her insane. She believed people worked to support themselves. If they had enough money, what else would they work for? 
Third, she surprised herself with her weird behaviour. She began paying too much attention to handsome men, which was not her habit. Twenty years with her husband had given her sufficient proof he was the best man in the world. Their relationship was getting cooler, especially in the last few years. But she could explain it by their preoccupation with their businesses, and so they had no time and energy for each other. Nancy, her closest friend, defended a school of thought claiming that the best way to rejuvenate spousal sex was to have a lover once in a while. 
“Very refreshing,” she said. “Try it, Barb. You will kiss your Leon at night as if he were a young boy.”
Barbara knew Nancy refreshed her spousal sex with remarkable frequency. She regarded this practice with forgiving disapproval because Nancy was fun and her only true friend. Nancy came from a not-so-well-to-do family. In her younger years, she had worked hard as a journalist and a writer. But soon after her marriage to the wealthy Greg, she had dropped all her ambitions and devoted her time to the “good life.” Greg was lenient toward everything she did. He kept busy with his inherited company, the family finances, and new deals. 
Barbara wouldn’t find it boring to spend a few days with her and Greg. He was from old money, well-mannered with a refined sense of humour. He also did a lot of business with her husband Leon. 
A third couple was also bringing their huge yacht to the village. Steve and Betty, after 25 years of marriage, looked like good actors constantly playing in a poor comedy of love written by a desperate hack. Steve, a lawyer, owned a very influential firm. A refined intellectual from a wealthy family, he had met Betty at the beginning of his law career. Then, Betty was a beautiful 19-year-old and a Miss America contestant. She always wore a happy smile, and her eyes sparkled with joy and desire. In a single instant, she had thrown a thousand Cupid arrows into Steve’s unprotected heart. Just like most busy, rich, American men, he had never noticed or paid attention to how stupid she was. He needed this beauty to play with at night, dress her well for social gatherings, and undress when he needed to get rid of all the stress of a hectic day and replace it with the excitement of sex. However, time and nature were doing their relentless job. Betty’s charms began to fade whereas Steve’s mind and taste for female beauty remained the same. Barbara was almost certain Steve had once had an affair with Nancy. Nancy still sent quick affectionate glances at him, but couldn’t revive his feelings.
The dark strip of land on the horizon was increasing in size. Barbara could see the rugged shores of Georgian Bay with its brownish rocks, pine trees, and yachts sailing nearby. She finally spotted the small buildings and wooden docks, some of which were vacant. 
After this journey, she planned to meet her friends, but the most important meeting would be with Steve. The last time they had spoken on the phone, Steve had mentioned that one of his clients was contemplating a takeover of an electronics company on the verge of bankruptcy. By Steve's account, the scheme sounded complicated. That explained why the buyer needed an expert in the industry and, preferably, a partner with money. There was no rush. It could take 6 months or more to complete the deal. But the sooner she got on board, Steve had told her, the better. Barbara had the expertise, money, and connections necessary for success in the venture. Now she wanted the names of those who might be interested in a partnership.
The yacht slowly entered the small strip of water between the adjacent docks near the Sportsman's Inn restaurant. As soon as Barbara stepped out of the yacht, Betty appeared on the veranda.
“We’re here.” Betty waved her hand. “Come on in, Barb.”
Barbara ran up the wooden stairs, embraced Betty, and kissed the air close to her cheek, careful not to smear a thick layer of paint on her face.
“Wonderful to see you, darling,” Betty chirped. “We’ve just ordered our meals. It’s rustic, but nice here.” She took her hand and led her inside as if Barbara were a child. 
The company greeted Barbara with joyful, but muffled exclamations. Nancy stood up and gave her a genuine kiss. Her narrow, smart face radiated the warmth and hospitality of an old friend. 
“You’ll have a lot of fun here,” she said.  “I’ll do my best to change the expression on your face.”
Barbara felt happy to see them too, these familiar faces, which she’d seen so many times before. She noticed that Greg and Steve were simply dressed, wearing sandals, shorts, and T-shirts. If not for their exorbitantly expensive wristwatches and Steve’s glasses, a stranger wouldn’t recognize them as rich men. They resembled ordinary travelers who stayed in low-priced hotels, used cars for transportation, and couldn’t afford an extra day of vacation. 
“I’m not hungry,” Barbara said as she sat in a chair by the window. She swept a glance across the small dining room of the restaurant. It was almost empty, save one table by the entrance. 
“Nice to see you, Barb. We are so happy to have you with us. When do you expect Leon?”  Greg asked. His long, aristocratic face expressed both kindness and indifference. 
Barbara, however, knew his real thoughts, which went along the lines of, “I need to discuss important business with Leon. I don't really give a damn if you’re here or not.”
“He promised to come tomorrow night,” Barbara said. “But you never know for sure with his crazy schedule.” 
At this moment, a man with a backpack limped into the restaurant. He leaned hard on a bent stick, which resembled a stray picked up in the forest. Each step caused him pain, his face twitching when he used his right foot to support the weight. 
What a handsome guy, Barbara thought, noting every detail of his appearance. She turned to Nancy, and restored the image of the man in her inner vision. He wore shabby, but tidy clothes: jean shorts, a washed-out white T-shirt, and hiking boots covered with dust. He was tall, rather lean, and very good-looking. 
“Greg has some business to discuss with Leon,” Nancy said, interrupting her observations. “This means that we, women, can run loose for half a day unsupervised. Welcome to the club, Barb.” 
The young man sat at a table in the farthest corner, placed his backpack and stick nearby, and wiped the sweat off his forehead. Barbara absentmindedly gave him another quick look, showing no outward interest as if looking at an uninteresting picture on the wall. His blonde thick hair was tangled and damp in places from the heat, giving him even more charm.  
 “About 30 years old, or even less—very young.” He reminded Barbara of Leon when she first met him. He was about the same age, but while Leon had looked very old to her then, this man looked so young! 
He noticed her attention, despite her attempts to conceal it.     
“How long are you going to stay here?” Barbara asked, turning to Steve. 
“I wouldn’t mind leaving tomorrow,” Betty said. “It’s a nice place, but dull. Steve promised to take me in his Zodiac around the island, though.” 
Betty’s customary unremarkable speech gave Barbara an opportunity to take a quick look at the table in the distant corner. She noticed something interesting. He glanced over with the superior indifference of a young man to an older woman, and then looked at her again, as if something peculiar attracted his attention. He laid his eyes upon whatever was accessible from his vantage point: her face, breasts, her hands on the table, and her legs under it. Barbara gave him one of her most disapproving and austere stares, but the guy responded with the friendly, understanding smile of an accomplice. It was insulting, but flattering and pleasant at the same time. How dare he. What attracted his attention, though? She was no beauty. Her looks wouldn’t mesmerize those young men who chased after female wonders.  For a woman of 42, however, she was rather good looking—healthy and sporty with a tight waist and smooth skin carefully treated by the most expensive lotions money could buy. She was attractive, but not stunning enough to draw the attention of a 20-something young man. Her clothes, too, were very simple and inconspicuous. Her only jewelry was a simple wedding ring. Nonetheless, it was difficult not to recognize her as a woman of distinction. Her glance, however brief, was hard, inquisitive, and almost harassing. Her movements were reticent but had the dignity of someone who knew her worth.        
“Take me with you,” Barbara said, turning to Steve and Betty. She noticed a few new wrinkles on Betty’s throat. 
Poor thing, Barbara thought. As the years passed, Betty’s charms faded. What remained was the jelly-like body of a kind, but a dull, jealous woman. To compensate for her vanishing beauty, Betty decorated herself with expensive jewelry and wore it always, like a Bedouin’s wife. Leon once joked that when she removed her diamonds, Betty reduced her worth to negative value. 
“A rather boring place here,” Betty said and yawned. “No shopping malls, nothing.”
The word “nothing” was redundant, Barbara thought. Shopping was Betty’s main activity. 
With great care, Barbara glanced again at the young man sitting in the opposite corner. Neither the man himself, nor her company at the table, should notice the subject of her attention. She was too decent, too high-ranking a woman to be preoccupied with such frivolous things. 
“How old is he?” she kept guessing. A quick look gave her enough to remember every tiny detail of his handsome appearance. His long, blonde hair was lighter than his darkly tanned face, a very pretty face at that, with blue, friendly, and insolent laughing eyes. Despite her precautions, she met those eyes. Barbara turned away and looked at Betty, as if she were interested in her chatter.    
“What did you say?” Barbara asked.  
“Would you like to fly to Toronto and go shopping?” Betty's eyes gleamed, as if a touch of adventure would make shopping more exciting.
“No, thanks,” Barbara replied, drumming her fingers on the table. 
“Why not?”
“Because I can’t think of anything that I need to buy. I've made plenty of money lately.”
“What was the deal, exactly?” Greg asked.
“Thirty-five million dollars.”
“Thirty-five-and-a-half,” Steve said. “Don't forget that I took care of the deal’s legal matters.”
 “Not bad, indeed,” Barbara said. “But now, I’m out of business. It’s very boring doing nothing.” 
Betty, wearing her wounded pride on her face, turned to the window. Her husband was very wealthy. The slightest suspicion that she had less money than anyone else insulted her.
Barbara encountered the young man’s stare again. Why was this insolent scoundrel looking at her? She remembered her father saying that devils were always at the lookout for idle minds. 
“Betty goes shopping for different reasons,” Steve said, pouring salt on Betty’s open wound. “If she likes something, she buys it with no other consideration. You know how much clothing she has? Life’s too short to wear it all.”
“So what if I do? You don’t pay attention to me,” Betty said. “You’re always looking at other women.” Her tone suggested that this was the most deplorable crime.
“This is true.” Steve nodded in agreement as he helped himself to salad. “You see how close we are, Barbara, Betty, and me? I’ve no secrets from her. She’s like a sister to me.”
“Like a sister?” Betty hissed, exasperated. “Like a sister?”
Nancy giggled, but quickly restored a socially acceptable mask on her face.
“Betty has an incredible sense of humour,” Steve said, as if introducing his wife for the first time. “She could make anyone laugh, even a horse. Actually, I heard her horse laughing when she rode it around our estate last month.” Steve looked at his wife with mocking affection. “What did you tell your horse, darling?”
Betty rose to her feet holding her head high up, and looking indignant and furious, as if wrongly accused of masturbation. 
“You’re rude and selfish.” She couldn’t hide the tears of sorrow welling up in her eyes. She grabbed her purse and stomped away.  
“Poor Betty.” Nancy’s voice held no trace of sympathy. “You shouldn’t take advantage of your intellectual superiority over her, Steve. It isn’t fair.” She cut a small piece of meat and chewed it thoroughly. 
“How’s your steak?” Barbara broke the awkward silence.  
“Delicious.” Nancy swallowed a mouthful, sipped her wine, and concluded with great satisfaction, “It’s hard to be a woman in this cruel world.”  
“More so for you, darling,” Greg said sarcastically. “It seems like quite a lot of work for the digestive tract of one woman.”
“You’re a primitive animal.” Nancy sounded calm, not in the least offended by the remark. She was noticeably in better spirits after Betty left. “Like most men, actually. Women give you love, and what do we get in return?”
 “Money for shopping,” Steve said. “Best value for the best value.” 
Greg let slip a short laugh.
“Men understand the value of love only when they lose it.” Nancy suppressed a powerful hiccup. “Excuse me.” 
Steve pushed away his empty plates.   
 “I agree with Leon, that love is a blind feeling. Remember it, Barb? It has little, if anything at all, to do with the worth of the object of our affections. It’s just one of the weird traits of human nature. Our body needs sex, and our soul needs love. There’s no logic in this stupid feeling. It strikes at random and its choice lacks explanation. We select someone who happens to be nearby and then our imagination works overtime to endow her with all the qualities that we would like her to have. The deliberate construction of an illusion often lasts longer than the real thing.” 
“We have no value, then?” Nancy asked.
“I’m not saying that. But look, say the object of desire doesn’t return the love. Now we have a story of love, tragedy, as we call it, even if the object is a worthless, stupid girl or guy. “
“Something peculiar must be in the object, that provokes this feeling,” Barbara said.
“Maybe, maybe not,” Steve took a sip of wine. “We know brilliant men fall in love with dull, stupid women. What is that? Do they deserve love, these women? If not, how could they inspire it?”
“You talk too much about yourself lately,” Greg said, with a mocking smile.
“What about the beauty of a woman? Doesn’t that have its own value?” Nancy asked casually, as if nothing personal lurked in her question.
“Of course, it has,” Steve said. “For sexual attraction, though. But not as the cause of such a strong emotion like love, especially one that could last many years”.  
“You mention someone who might be interested in cooperating with me in a takeover plot, Steve,” Barbara said. “Who is it?”
“Business first, of course,” Nancy remarked.
“I have his business card on the boat,” Steve said, as if he seriously agreed with Nancy. “Pick it up tonight. Just remind me.” 
Barbara couldn’t help but catch glances of the young man. Damn it. People as sharp as Steve and Nancy have probably noticed something already. She stood up and rubbed her temples.
“I have a crushing headache,” she said. “Let me rest for a bit. I’ll come over to your place when I feel a little better.”
She threw one last glance at the young man and met with his eyes again—interested, appreciative, and very suggestive. Insolent, irritating young man. He knew she was attracted to him. Damn bastard.
 “See you tonight, Barb. Have a good rest.” Nancy’s voice expressed false compassion. 
Barbara climbed onto the boat, grabbed a book and a wide-brimmed hat, and went to the upper deck, to relax on the couch, read, and observe the beauty of harbour. Yachts, large and small, dotted the blue waters as they danced in front of the island. Off the starboard lay the endless Georgian Bay and the tiny village. She tried to read, but soon closed the book with irritation and threw it on the couch. She was unable to recall a single word. 
“This young man in the restaurant…. ” Her thoughts drifted. “It would be nice to have him, but only in my imagination, of course. Damn it! When will Leon get here? Tomorrow? Or the day after?” He was her husband, after all, a man of power, the only man she loved, despite the cool routine of their sex life. Barbara looked around again, as if trying to find someone. Pity that she felt so unhappy in such a pretty place.
If someone had told her 22 years ago that she would feel lonely on a large, beautiful boat, she would have taken it as a bad joke. She had never missed a boat show in her younger years, and she had dreamt of owning one some day. The last boat show she attended was at age 20. Sitting aboard a nice sailing racer with two university girlfriends, Barbara fancied aloud how beautiful life would be with such a boat.
“We could have party after party after party,” one of the girls said  joining in her fantasy. 
A huge man who sat down across the table from the girls fixed his heavy stare upon Barbara. She remembered feeling embarrassed and annoyed by the unwelcome attention. The man was in his 30s— rather old for a girl of 20—she thought at the time. He was broad-shouldered and strong, his face radiating endless energy, intimidating power and self-confidence.  
“This boat is too small for parties,” he said, gate-crashing their conversation without so much as a polite smile or hello. 
“Do you have a larger boat?” Barbara had asked.
“Yes, I do.”
“What are you doing here, then?” she asked again. The man didn’t look too bad. 
“I need to buy some accessories. I came with a friend who is looking to buy a racer. But I don’t have time for this sport, and I don't want to bother with sails.”
“How big is your boat?” one of the girls asked.
“Big enough for a party of 20 people.” He still had held Barbara hostage in his stare. “It sleeps 8.” 
Barbara had begun to feel that he was a man used to taking what he wanted while expecting no resistance.
“My name is Leon,” he said. “What are you doing tonight, Barbara?”
“How…How'd you know my name?”
“I’ll explain it tonight. A little mystery will spice up our date.”
At exactly 7, a Jaguar pulled up in her small driveway. 
 “What a catch this guy is,” her mother said as she looked out of the window. The driver wasn’t visible but Barbara knew that the car alone had impressed and worried her mother. She was a woman of meager means—a lifelong struggle to make ends meet. 
 “Be careful, Barbara,” she said. “Rich people are dangerous.” She was sure about that, although never in her life had she dealt with a rich man.
 “Thank you, mom. I appreciate your wisdom.”
Once in the car, Barbara looked around, but kept quiet.
 “Would you mind going to an upscale restaurant?” Leon asked.
 “Doesn’t matter to me. How’d you know my name?”
Leon pushed the gas pedal and the car moved gracefully toward the highway.
 “I followed you at the show. One of your girlfriends said your name too loud.”
 “What made you notice me over the other girls?”
“I can’t tell you what. It’s one of those things that’s hard to explain. Does it matter?”
“Just interested. This is a very nice car. What do you do for living?”
Leon smiled.
“I don’t need to do anything for living. I have too much money. But I am involved in a few businesses. Construction, oil, and gas are the biggest ones now. What do you do for living?”
“I’m a university student. Studying electronics.”
“Electronics? A girl studying electronics? Why do you want to do that?”
“Because I like it. Do you think that engineering is only for men?”
“Yes, I do. Can your parents afford to keep you at university?” 
“No. They can’t afford anything, not even their own existence. I have a scholarship and I work evenings and weekends.” 
She looked straight ahead at the moving cars casting long shadows from the sinking sun, but noticed out of the corner of her eye that he gave her a brief and sharp look. 
“Tell me more about yourself,” Leon said.
“I’m 20 and soon I’ll be an electronics engineer. That’s it. That’s my biography. The rest is in the future, not in the past. I’m too young yet to have done too many stupid things that usually make up biographies.”
Leon nodded.
“I am 12 years older than you. Still single. A civil engineer by training, but I never had a chance to practice my profession.”
“Why not?”
“Business.”
Barbara smiled. This guy wants to impress me with these cheap lies. Well, let him. She expected long and boastful accounts of his achievements, but none followed. 
To Barbara’s great surprise, they had more dates. Leon showed her many things that consumer generation girls dreamed about—splendid restaurants, fancy cars, and his opulent house. Barbara had read about such a lifestyle, but had never seen it with her own eyes. It was enough to knock other girls off their feet and right into bed, but not Barbara. She felt resentment and irritation. Why did her family have to struggle for necessities while other people lived an easy life? Something was wrong with this arrangement. 
Leon was a bit surprised with her resistance. And yet, contrary to her expectations, he did not give up. He kept inviting her to his parties, restaurants, and events. When he was forced to go away on a 2-day business trip, he promised to call her upon his return. Two days passed but there was no call. Barbara couldn’t sleep that night. It was terrible. Her fantasy, whipped up with vicious jealousy, played blue movies of Leon with other women in her mind. She saw Leon being happy without her and forgetting that she existed.
She awoke feeling faint of heart with the realization that she was madly, helplessly in love with him. At 8 o’clock that morning the telephone rang. She jumped from the bed like a cat frightened by the sudden ring and grasped the receiver.
“Hello.” Her voice sounded coarse as though she had a bad cold.
“I just got back. I’m at the airport. I missed you, dear.” 
It was Leon. He called her “dear.” He’d never done that before. 
“I missed you too. The whole night.” She didn’t care that there was too much joy in her tone. 
“I have two offers for you today,” he said.
“I accept them both. Just out of curiosity, what are they?”
“I want to have you now. This morning.”
“Pick me up, then. What is the second one?”
“I want you to be my wife.”
She almost dropped the telephone.
“All the same. Pick me up.”
Barbara smiled as she relived the excitement of this moment. She threw a casual glance at the village and was startled at what she saw. The young man from the restaurant was limping along toward her yacht, leaning on his stick and looking at her. He stepped up on the dock, hitting the wooden surface with his stick as he approached the lower deck.
“Good evening,” he said matter-of-factly, as if she were an old acquaintance. “My name is Jeff.” 
It would be impolite not to reciprocate, Barbara thought. 
“Good evening. I’m Barbara. How are you?” To her own surprise, she sounded not as cold as she had intended. 
“Nice boat. Is it yours?”
“Yes.” 
“I would love to see how it looks inside. I’ve never been on such a huge yacht.”
“Come on in, then.” What am I doing? 
When she arrived down on the lower deck, Jeff was already there. From only 2 feet away he looked even more handsome than in the restaurant. She felt a strong desire to run her palm along his face. His skin looked smooth, healthy, and warm. His large blue eyes smiled in a very shameless and suggestive manner. She didn’t feel strong enough to withstand his gaze for long. 
 “Come in”, she said, hiding her eyes and opening the door to the main floor. 
Jeff stepped in and looked around with admiration. Huge glass windows along the full length of the yacht offered a panoramic view. The sofas and chairs were nice and cozy. The windows were covered with expensive drapery. 
 “Stunning,” Jeff mumbled.
Barbara was flattered.
“Want some wine?” she asked, heading to the bar.
“Please,” Jeff nodded. 
“Please sit down,” she invited, placing a bottle of wine and two glasses on the table.            
“I imagine it’s nice to be on such a boat. You must be very happy.”
Barbara left his question unanswered.
“Do you have a boat?” she asked instead.
“No. Never will.”
“Why?”
“I have no money. And no hope to get any.”
“Why not?”
“Because I don’t buy lottery tickets. There’s no other way for me to make money.”
“Do you try?”
“No.” Jeff looked at her lips a few moments. “As the old saying goes, one can have either time or money. You can’t have both. Besides, I noticed that almost everyone who tries to make a fortune ends up with no time and no money. Where is your husband, Barbara?”
“Why do you think I have a husband? Because I cannot afford this yacht?”
“Yes.”
“Actually, you’re almost right.”
“Almost?”
“Yes. I can afford such a yacht now. But it was my husband who bought it a few years ago, when I couldn’t afford it. You touched though upon a very interesting topic. I now have both time and money. But I don’t feel happy.”     
Jeff turned out to be quite sociable. He was amusing and humorous. They talked and talked, watching the sunset beyond the horizon. The dusk and darkness descended upon the village, decorating the night with electric lights of the houses and docks. 
 “I have told you a lot about myself,” Barbara said. “But I’ve heard nothing about you.”
“There isn’t much to tell. I went to university, with hopes of becoming a chartered accountant. Lost my interest though. Now I’m a bean counter. Not much money. But I do travel a lot and meet interesting people. Live the life I like.”
“What are you doing in this village?”
“Oh, I took a room in the hotel for one week. Today, I was supposed to go with a group on a week-long canoe trip, but I seriously twisted my leg taking the canoe down to the lake. I have to wait here until my girlfriend gets back.”
“Couldn’t you still paddle, though?”
“I can. But there are a lot of portages. I can’t carry things from one lake to another.”
Barbara heard heavy steps on the dock. She looked out the huge window. Her stomach shrunk spasmodically. It was Leon. After climbing aboard, he turned on the dining room light and looked down at Barbara with silent, menacing question.
“I didn’t expect you today, Leon,” she said. “This is Jeff. Jeff, this is Leon, my husband.”
Leon gave him a very short nod, but did not offer his hand.
“I can see that you did not expect me,” he said.
“It was very nice to meet you.” Jeff rose. He spoke to Barbara, apparently offended by Leon’s treatment. “I have to go.” He left the room limping and leaning on his stick.
“Who is that, Barbara?”
“Just someone I met in the village. I felt very lonely tonight. How did you get here?”
“I flew and got a car here from the airport. Very good service. Where are the other folks?”
“On their boats. I wasn’t in the mood to spend the evening with them. I’m glad you came sooner than we’d expected. Finish all you wanted to?” She kissed him on the cheek. 
“I’m dead tired. Let’s go to bed. Tomorrow’s another day.” 
     A small Zodiac glided across the smooth waters of Georgian Bay at maddening speed. Steve did not ease up for sharp turns, and smiled when the three women screamed in fear and joy. He tilted the boat from one edge to another, using all the motor’s power for the rough curves. The breathtaking views, the whistling wind, and sense of danger spiced up the ride. 
“You are nuts, Steve,” Betty complained playfully. He responded with another twist of the boat, stirring up a salvo of water drops, small and large, that left Barbara soaked to the bone. The next moment Steve stabilized Zodiac and set a course to the village. 
“We want more!” Nancy strained her voice to be heard over the whistle of the wind and rattle of the motor. 
“We’re too far away.” Steve cut the speed to keep the noise down. “If the weather suddenly changes, we could be in real trouble.”
“What makes you think the weather will change?”  Barbara asked. 
“You see the dark clouds far away over there? A thunderstorm is coming. You never know when it will strike. Besides, it’s already 5 o'clock. I’m sure that Greg and Leon have already finished talking. Time to go.”
“I have to change,” Barbara said. “Take me to my place, Steve. It takes time for a woman of my age to get beautiful again.”
“I’ll come with you, Barb,” Betty said. She had a weird look on her face. “Do you mind?”
“Not at all.” 
Steve sped up and set the boat on a steady course. Barbara stared ahead at the tiny cloud, which, according to Steve, signaled a thunderstorm. She wanted a thunderstorm in her life, but she saw no storm clouds on the horizon. 
“Here we are, girls,” Steve said, bringing his Zodiac to a stop. “Don’t mess around too long with your appearance. It’s time to have a drink.” 
Betty and Barbara climbed aboard the yacht, leaving Steve’s remark unanswered. The motor roared, protesting in rage against abuse of its power and pushed the small Zodiac forward like a rocket. 
Barbara went down to her bedroom and took off her wet clothes. After a moment of hesitation, she opened the wardrobe and removed a light summer gown, rather short and wide, open at the top, appropriate for a woman of a much younger age. She put it on and looked in the mirror. The dress barely covered her breasts, revealing the nice cleavage of a woman who never bore a child. Two narrow strips running over her bare shoulders were all that supported the gown. Betty threw a suspicious look at her. Although not very bright, Betty was a woman with well-refined female instincts and intuition.  
“It’s nice,” she remarked. “Very sexy, indeed.” She squeezed her hands. 
Barbara said nothing. 
“Nancy said that you flirted with a young fellow in the restaurant. Is it true?”    
“I wouldn't say that.” Barbara turned around, looking into the mirror. “But he happened to be at the dock that evening, and I invited him in for a chat.”     
Betty got restless, unable to hide her agitation and curiosity. She stood up and then sat down again.
“Have you ever thought of having a lover?” she asked, hiding her curious eyes.
“I have always been too busy to think about that. Let’s go, Betty.”
The women left the yacht and walked slowly along waterfront. 
“Tell me, Barbara, would you…Would you make love to this guy…What is his name?”
“Jeff.”
“Yes, Jeff. I mean, in the right circumstances, of course.”
“I never thought about it, Betty. What kind of question is that?” 
“Well…We’ve known each other for so many years Barbara, but never had an open conversation about such matters.”
“Have you ever had a lover, Betty?” Barbara asked, evading a straightforward answer. She didn’t feel in the right spirit for intimate revelations.
“No. But frankly, I’ve always wanted to.”
“Why don’t you have one then?” Barbara’s interest was aroused. 
“Because I’m a coward. I think Steve would know about it right away.”
“How?”
“I don't know how. It’s impossible to hide anything from him.”
“Do you love Steve, Betty?”
“Yes. I love him, Barbara. It is weird, isn’t it?”
Barbara smiled, looking at Betty with mocking, questioning eyes.
“What would be an ideal lover for you, Betty?” 
Betty’s unexpected confession grew more interesting. But instead of giving an answer right away, she took a deep breath, filling up her lungs for a long and frank account of her sacred feelings. At this moment Barbara noticed Jeff standing on the small bridge they had to cross on the way to Steve’s yacht.
“This is only between us, Barb. I’ve never told this terrible thing to anyone.”
“Of course, Betty. It goes without saying. You have my word.”
Jeff had already noticed them. He turned his head and looked in their direction.
It may very well be that he has been hunting for me the whole day, Barbara thought.
“I want rough sex with a strong, violent stud,” Betty said, letting all of the air out of her lungs. “Something, you know…” She stopped short of finishing her sentence and grabbed Barbara’s hand.
“There’s this guy, you see?” she said, lowering her voice to a whisper. “You see, Barb? He’s standing over there!”   
“Never mind, Betty. It doesn’t matter.” She was afraid that Betty would notice her excitement. 
“It does, Barbara, it does. He’s looking at us. I’m sure he likes you. Such a handsome beast. Do you like him, Barbara? Do you?”
The distance to Jeff was already too short to give an answer.
“Good day, ladies,” Jeff said with his irresistible smile. 
Betty stopped, her face emanating genuine happiness.
“This is Jeff, Betty,” Barbara introduced. “Jeff, this is Betty.”
The three exchanged banal pleasantries.
 “What are you doing here, in the middle of nowhere?” Betty asked.
“Just looking around. What about you?”
“Actually, we’re going to have a party. Would you mind joining us for a drink?” Betty asked, touching his arm with tips of her fingers. 
Barbara was utterly surprised, but her face remained blank.
“It would be nice,” Jeff replied. 
“Then follow us.” She moved toward her yacht like a field marshal. Before climbing aboard, she turned back and asked Jeff where he docked his boat.
“Usually on the roof of my car,” answered Jeff. “I have a canoe.”
“A canoe?” Betty was dumbfounded. A brief but intense bout of thinking distorted her forehead with a few wrinkles. “Well…Please come in. What are you doing here with a canoe? It has no motor, has it?”
“No motor. That’s true,” Jeff said, entering the room. 
The rest of the company was already there. Leon sat at the opposite end of the table, shifting his disapproving eyes from Jeff to Barbara. Steve held a glass of whisky, the friendly smile on his face indicating a state of alcoholic nirvana.     
“This is Jeff.” Betty gestured to everyone else. “Please, sit down here, Jeff. Yes, here, beside me. Let me take away this book on the bench.” 
“Don’t worry about it.” Jeff settled himself down comfortably.
“Help yourself.” Steve pointed to a bottle of whisky. “You drink, don't you?”
“Yes, I do. Especially that expensive stuff.” He poured some whisky and raised his glass. “Cheers. Nice stuff.” 
“Finish it and I’ll join you for the next one,” Steve said. 
“You’re drunk, Steve.” Betty’s voice held a strong note of disapproval. “Stop it at once.”
“There’s no rush.” Jeff picked up a hard cover book and turned it around, looking for the price tag.
“Have you read it?” Betty asked.       
“Oh, Les Misérables,” Jeff nodded. “Nicely done. How much did you pay for this?” 
“Thirty-six dollars.” Betty was proud of her memory.
“Oh.” Jeff was impressed. “That’s how much rich people pay to know how poor people live.”
“Money is important to you, isn’t it?” Leon sneered.
“Right you are, sir. For poor people, money is of as much importance as it is for the rich.” He threw Leon a sharp and inquisitive glance.
“I bet, he’s a gigolo,” Leon whispered to Betty. It wasn’t loud, but everyone heard it. A few seconds of melodramatic silence followed.
“What did you say?” Jeff asked. His voice and face still appeared calm and friendly. 
Leon made a sharp turn to look straight into Jeff's eyes. He radiated a menacing, intimidated rage. Everyone sat motionless, gripped by incapacitating fear. Barbara shrunk in anticipation of something close to disaster. Leon was one of the best basketball players on the university team, very strong physically, tall and fearless in dangerous situations. He had never actually took to fist fighting, so far as Barbara knew, but in corporate matters, when angry, he terrified his opponents and subordinates. 
“What?” Leon asked, raising his voice. 
Jeff did not collapse in fear.
“I asked you to repeat what you just said. Did you say gigolo?”
Jeff was still calm, but not friendly anymore. Squeezing the stick in his right hand, as if ready to use it, he stared back with a blank face, his eyes not blinking. Leon scrunched his now red face and sucked in air, but after a quick look at Jeff, he stopped short at anything physical, as if something in Jeff gave him a gut feeling that any answer brings more danger than he could bear. His mood spread quickly through the company. A few seconds of silence lasted an eternity.
“Have you seen that new Robert DeNiro movie, Jeff?” Betty said in an attempt to divert the conversation to more pleasing matters. Jeff kept staring at Leon.
“Did you hear me?” Jeff asked again. He still stared at Leon and enunciated his words. His look was terrifying. With almost unnoticeable gestures, he moved his hand along the stick.
“Behave yourself. Or you will deal with the consequences,” Leon said, his voice hardly audible. His posture no longer held any determination.
“DeNiro was at his best…,” Betty said, trying to calm things once again. 
Jeff interrupted her.
“Before you answer my question,” he said, “take into account one thing. I couldn’t care less what happens to me next. I don’t care if I get killed or find myself in prison. Now answer my question. Did you call me a gigolo? You have exactly one minute.”
Leon’s eyes met Jeff’s and Barbara knew that Leon fully realized that Jeff meant business. Having big money, connections and power, Leon had never dealt with serious opposition to his ill temper in all his life. Now something inconceivable was happening. His rough behaviour was met with sadistic hatred and maniacal determination. It was obvious that Jeff contemplated this outcome at the moment Leon called him gigolo. 
Barbara watched her husband in astonishment and disbelief. Leon's face got red and frightened. He lowered his eyes.
 “I apologize,” he mumbled.
“Good boy, bucko,” Jeff said. “Now I will leave you, ladies and gents.” He threw one last humiliating glance at Leon and walked away, leaning on his stick. 
“What brought all that on, Leon?” Barbara asked. “He’s a complete stranger to you and didn’t do anything wrong.” 
“You’re right!” Leon burst into an uncontrolled rage. “A complete stranger. What makes you invite a stranger? Is he someone worthy? I’m surprised that you dare to invite such people.” He was still red, clenching his fists and shivering from devastating humiliation. 
Barbara stood up, twisting her lips in contemptuous disrespect. 
“I’ll apologize to him for you,” she said and set off to the exit.
“You stay here,” Leon said. “You hear me? You stay here. Or else… ”
“What is it?” Barbara stopped at the staircase. “Or else what?”
“You may never come back.”
“Good. I hope your manners will improve after I have left.”
She went outside and caught sight of Jeff limping toward the hotel. 
“Jeff!” 
He stopped, turned back, and greeted her with a broad smile. Barbara could hardly restrain herself from running toward him. She suddenly wanted to be a beautiful, attractive woman to this young man. 
“I’m sorry about what just happened,” she said, catching up with him. 
“Never mind. I apologize, too. Not very diplomatic on my part, was it?”
“It served him right, though. I mean, my husband.”
“But you have to rush back. A thunderstorm is coming.”
 “Want to get rid of me?” She raised both of her hands to touch her hair, slightly moving her hips, as if she were a 20-year-old woman again.
“Not at all. You are a sweet woman and great company. But you have to rush back, or you’ll get soaked. Thunderstorms are horrific here.” 
Jeff pointed to the sky. It was spectacularly dark with ominous clouds. They were approaching fast, as if in a hurry to throttle the last blue spot in the sky. A huge bolt of lightening cracked the darkness in the east, and thunder ripped apart the silence as if a thousand-ton cannon ball had been dropped on an enormous sheet of metal and rolled off into the other galaxy. 
 “Hear that?” Jeff placed his hand on her shoulder.
The last blast faded away. Large droplets began to hit the ground, carving out small cavities in the thick layer of dust. 
“Let's go to my place,” Jeff said. “It’s much closer than your yacht.” 
“Ok. But don’t rush. I’m sure we have plenty of time.” 
A dense, heavy shower fell upon them before she uttered the last word. Jeff firmly took hold of her hand and set off toward the hotel, trying his best to walk quickly. Despite the short distance, they were soaked to the bone. They quickly crossed the lobby and went into Jeff’s room. Jeff locked the door from the inside and went to the bathroom to get some towels. Water was dripping from Barbara’s hair, face and gown, and ran in small streams to the floor.
“I’ll dry you off,” Jeff said, rushing from the bathroom. He brought two big towels, but instead of giving one to her he came up very close and began to dry the ruffled mess of her hair.
 “Let me do this,” she said.
 He stopped moving the towel when it was over her face, and ran his hand down her back.
“I will do it better.” He gently pushed shoulder straps down her bare shoulders and pulled the gown down to her hips.
“I will dry you off.” Jeff took off her bra and ran the towel over her breasts. A sudden burst of lust incapacitated her. Jeff was not in a hurry, carefully drying her skin inch by inch, kissing every new dry spot, tenderly gliding his palms down her back and buttocks. 
“Now, isn’t it too much?” she said disapprovingly, naked, and a bit embarrassed, realizing she had passed the point of no return. They took each other into a powerful, proprietary grip.
“Now you are mine, mine”, he mumbled.
“Oh yes, yes,” she said, frantically twisting her naked body. “Oh, yes.” The lovemaking with this stranger was exhilarating.       
 “I love you, girl. Sweet, sweet girl. I love you”. He whispered in her ear. He moved his hips in steady, gentle, but forceful sweeps. 
Barbara melted in his strong arms. She felt like a young girl under his firm, muscular body. His whisper excited her immensely. Electrified with it to insanity, she plunged her fingers into his thick hair and moaned, gasping between long, choking kisses.
 “My goodness! O-oh! My god! M-m-m! Crush me! O-o-o-oh!”
The mattress beneath them responded to every move of their bodies, squeaking in complaint with the headboard banging against the wall for emphasis. But they were too busy to notice it. At last they squeezed each other in the final convulsive spasm, and then lay motionless, as if all their energy was instantly blown away. In the silence that followed, Barbara heard a man’s voice behind the wall in the adjacent room. Although not loud, he spoke fast, something incomprehensible but definitely funny, as if excited by something. A woman responded with muffled, but appreciative laughter.
“They heard us,” Barbara said in Jeff’s ear, still tightly holding his neck. “I’m sure they’re discussing our joy.”
The woman behind the wall said something and the man laughed.
“This hotel has wonderful acoustics, like an Italian opera theatre,” Jeff said.
The couple behind the wall slammed the door and locked it with a loud click after which the hotel fell silent.
“They’ve been listening to us all the way through.” Jeff turned on his back. 
“To hell with them,” Barbara said, with a short laugh. “I don’t care about anything. Nothing matters to me anymore. I am too happy now. I was in heaven with you. You understand, young boy?” She leaned on her elbow and tenderly pulled his ears like a loving mother.
“Why did you whisper that you love me, you, scoundrel?” she asked, reproaching him playfully. “Who taught you to tell sweet lies in such a moment?”
“It’s not a lie. Believe me, I feel it.”
“Lie or not, it was nice. Very exciting.”   
“Like it? You appreciate good sex?” Jeff asked.
“Yes, but it’s odd.”
“What’s odd?”
“It takes being a faithful wife for 20-odd years to fully appreciate good sex. I bet that only a faithful wife could appreciate its great value.” 
“Your husband is a non-performer?”
“Not that. But in the last 10 years our sex has been reduced to the routine of regular meals. The longer the interval between them, the better.”  
“Time destroys everything.”
 Barbara reflected on it a few moments. 
“Was there anything to destroy?” she asked herself aloud. “Was it love, or something else?”
“Does it matter?” 
“Yes, it does.” Barbara sighed. 
A loud knock at the door made her shudder.
“Who is that?” she whispered in horror. “Don’t answer Jeff, please.”
“Open the door, you little prick. Open the door.” It was Leon. His voice was coarse and menacing. Barbara pressed her palm firmly over Jeff’s mouth. 
“You’re in there, Barb, I know it,” Leon said. After a few seconds of silence he continued. “You’re a filthy broad. I never knew that you were such a bitch.” 
Barbara lay in terrifying suspense, expecting Leon to crash through the door, but this did not happen. Instead she heard his footsteps walking away, and then dying at the end of the hall.
“This is horrific.” Barbara spoke in whisper, as if Leon still stood behind the door.
“He found us very quickly.”
“It’s impossible to escape him. I hope that he will calm down.”     
 “I brought you a lot of trouble. How can you return to your family?”
“Leon is my family. I will not go back to him.”
“Don’t you have kids?”
“No.”
“How come?”
“It’s not entirely my fault. Leon is infertile; something is wrong with his sperm.”
“Is there any cure for it?”
“Apparently not, although he’s never tried too hard. Leon is obsessed with money, power, and success. He needs confirmation of it every day, no matter what. There’s no deal big enough to satisfy his hunger. That’s what he’s so busy with day and night. It takes all his energy and time.”
“Did you want to have kids?” 
“Of course I did. Why do you ask?”
“Just curious. Why didn't you use a donor?”
“Leon didn’t want to. He didn’t want to raise a kid that wasn’t his. Besides, I also have my own problems, which I didn’t care to fix. Why bother, if I can’t have kids from him?”
“Is he very rich?”
“Very. Why do you ask?”
“Because if he’s very rich, so are you.”
“I have my own fortunes. But his wealth is enormous.”
“At this moment, you possess only wet clothes and some underwear.”
“They probably have a drier here. Ask someone to dry my clothes. I need to go to the yacht and pick up something to change into.”
“Don’t go. Stay with me. Stay until he leaves this place.”
“You really want me to?” 
“Yes. You’re such a wonderful woman. I’ve never met anyone like you in my life.”
“How long has your life been?”
“Twenty-nine years. Why?”
“I’m 42.”
“You’re lovely,” Jeff grabbed her body in his arms. “I’m hungry for you, Barbara. With me, you’ll be busy all the time.”
“Oh, Jeff.” She groaned into his ear. “O-oh, Jeff.”   
They spent the rest of the day in bed. Jeff ordered dinner to the room, as Barbara had no clothes to go out. They fell asleep just as dawn crept up and chased away the last traces of darkness. 
Barbara woke up when the new day manifested itself with intense heat, bright light, and the sound of voices on the docks. Jeff moved his hand over her body.
 “Time for girls to get up,” he said. “Wake up, darling. Time to kiss me. Time to say ‘good morning.’ Time to say ‘I love you.’”
Barbara wove her hands around his neck.
“You are my hostage now. Say it again. Say it.” 
“I love you,” Jeff said.
“Now ask whatever you want. Is there anything you want?”
“Let’s spend a day on one of the lakes in Killarney Park. The scenery is fantastic. Just a short walk through the campground, and we will be on a beautiful lake in a secluded place. No need for a swimsuit. We’ll declare the place a nude beach. No one will object as no one is there.”
They had breakfast in the restaurant and left the hotel early enough to avoid any unpleasant encounters. They took just a few steps when Greg and Nancy turned the corner 30 yards up the path to the parking lot.
 “Your buddies,” Jeff said in a low voice.  
 “I know.” Barbara put an acceptable social mask of pleasant surprise on her face.
“Hi.” She greeted them as if nothing had happened. 
Greg responded with a short nod and turned his face aside. 
“Hi,” Nancy said. Her face held no smile, no sign of contempt, nothing. Her voice was icy cold. She had to stop because the path was too narrow for two couples. 
“Nice day,” Jeff gave Nancy one of his charming smiles. It did not help.
“It is,” Nancy said. “Going somewhere?” 
Barbara was about to say something, but Jeff interrupted.
“Killarney Park,” he said. “I know a very nice small lake there. A charming place. Care to join us?”
 “No,” Nancy spoke to Barbara. She did not give Jeff even a casual glance. 
 “There’s a short trail leading there,” Jeff said. “It starts at the far end of the campground. Just a nice 20-minute walk.”
 “Have a nice day.”  Nancy nodded at Barbara. “We have plenty to do today.”
Jeff was about to say something, but Barbara took his hand and walked forward.
 “They don’t want to speak with me,” she said when Greg and Nancy were out of earshot.
 “Are you upset?”
 “A bit. Let them be upset.” 
They did not speak to each other all the way to the park and continued in silence to the trailhead. 
“Barb.” Jeff put his hand on her shoulders. “Are these people that important to you? This Nancy….” 
Barbara swallowed. 
“She claimed to be my devoted friend. Now she talks to me like a saint to a disgraced woman. What a hypocrite.”
“Do you need such a friend?” 
They had already entered the trail, which climbed up along the rocky rough surface, through the dense, dark forest. The sun was unable to penetrate the thick foliage above their heads.
“Of course not,” Barbara said. “So far as Greg is concerned, I can understand him being upset. He has a lot of common interests with Leon. He is his friend. But Nancy, well, she isn’t a saint. As a matter of fact, I think it’s even too late for her to confess in church. Neither priest nor God can forgive so many sins in one shot. She has to negotiate a package deal.”
Barbara was not used to walks in the mountains. She began to breathe heavily, trying to catch up with Jeff. It was much warmer here than in the open spaces. A cloud of mosquitoes hovered around her, attacking every square inch of her body not covered by clothes.
“Need help?” Jeff offered his hand.
“No. This is nothing to me. It is just very hot here.”
They soon arrived at a beautiful lake.
“Do you like it?” Jeff asked.
“Very much.”
“Forget about this morning’s incident. Let’s enjoy the day.”
“It was no incident. The whole society that I was in will turn off me. I can understand them. There is certain logic though in what has happened. And there is no way back.”       
They settled on a very large flat stone. Barbara looked around the lake, its ink-blue water surrounded by rocks of pink granite. Across the lake stood a vertical cliff brimmed on top by a green ornament of trees and bushes. The lake reflected the blue cloudless sky, creating a fantastic background to the surrealistic scenery.
“Charming place,” Barbara said. “I’ve never seen anything like it before.”
“How come? With your money you can travel anywhere.”
“That’s true. But everywhere I’ve been, there have been plenty of people. This is a wild, unspoiled place. Very peaceful and not distorted by the presence of humans.”
“Right. You see how clear the water is? You can see every single stone on the bottom. Let’s take off our clothes and bask under the sun a bit.” 
Barbara took off her gown and sat on one of the towels, which Jeff spread for her on a large, flat, sun-warmed stone. Jeff lay beside her and ran his hand along the inside of her leg.
“Now, let’s listen to the silence”, Jeff said.
“How?” She leaned toward him, feeling the warmth of his skin.
“Close your eyes. Let’s sit this way for a minute and listen to the sounds of the forest.”
Barbara closed her eyes. The silence that followed was deafening. She heard the crack of a tiny branch, broken under its own weight from a distant tree.
“It seems to me that thousands of tiny bells are ringing in my ears,” she whispered. “Such sweet music.” 
No sooner had she stopped talking than she heard the distinct sound of heavy steps. 
“Somebody’s coming,” she said.
“Sometimes people walk on this trail, but never turn here,” Jeff said. “It’s not far from the main campground.”
Barbara was more surprised than frightened when she saw Leon walking toward them with menacingly firm steps. His face,  more resolute than ever, did not promise any good. 
“It’s your husband,” Jeff said, rising. He seemed worried and nervous this time.
Leon came up close to Barbara.
 “Get dressed, Barb. Enough is enough. Let's go,” he said in a commanding voice. 
“You’d better leave me alone,” Barbara said, keeping her voice calm. “We settled everything yesterday. Didn’t’ we?”
“Listen.” Leon grabbed her by the upper arm and pulled her up. “I said, ‘let’s go.’ Don't try my patience.” 
“Hey, buddy,” Jeff warned. “Leave her alone. Don’t you see….”
“You’d better shut up, bastard.” Leon glared at Jeff. 
Jeff grasped his arm, trying to free Barbara. Leon hit Jeff in the jaw with a devastating blow that sent him to the ground as if he were dead. Jeff’s skull hit the stone with a loud cracking sound. He lost conscience for a few moments before he pulled himself together and began crawling toward his stick.
“What are you doing?” Barbara shouted, turning to Leon. “Are you mad?” She rushed to Jeff and embraced his shoulders.
“Lie down, Jeff.” She gently pushed him down. “And you, Leon, you’d better go. I’ve had enough of you. Get out of my sight!”
“Do you understand what you’re letting yourself in for?”
“I don't care.”
“Good,” Leon said. “This was your last chance.” 
Jeff still was trying to get up, but Barbara did not let him.
“I don’t need another chance.” Barbara stood up, confronting Leon. 
He threw another menacing glance at her, turned around, and stalked off into the forest. Barbara took the towel, wet it in the lake, and put the cool cloth on Jeff's head.
“Lay down, my dear,” she said. “Are you in pain?”
“Not much. It’s a lot better now. He took me by surprise.”
“He can be brutal. But I’m a bit worried.”
“With what?”
“Leon has a lot of money and power. I wonder what he is going to do next. Most likely, nothing. He’s too proud a man. But still, if he wants to….”
“This whole thing would be a mess if you had kids.” 
“But we don’t. How do you feel now?”
“Much better. I wish he’d stayed here longer. I hope I will meet him in the village.”
“Don’t even think of that. It’s already messy enough as it is.”
“He still loves you, I gather.”  Jeff stretched out on his stomach. “Look how enraged he is.”
“It is a puzzle for me, frankly. He never paid too much attention to me. For so many years, it seemed, he hardly noticed me. He was nice and gentle sometimes, but never uttered a word of love. My guess is that his feelings have nothing to do with love. Mind you, this man is used to obedience from everyone around him. Very few are his peers. Then, suddenly, his own wife cheats on him. This tragic–comedy of adultery is unfolding in front of his closest friends and business associates. And who is the man I left him for? A young guy who is worth probably nothing on his scale of values. And he could do nothing with his enormous wealth and power! His pride is deeply wounded. No, his scandalous behaviour has nothing to do with love.” 
Barbara laid on her back feeling the pleasant warmth of the smooth stone heated by the sun. Jeff ran his palm over her breasts, stomach, and loins. 
 “I don’t want to part with you.” His tender tone made Barbara’s heart melt. 
 “It’s interesting to discover,” he said, “that a top executive, a successful woman is in many respects just an ordinary, simple woman. She wants the same things in life and behaves the same way with a man.”   
 “What do you expect from her? Dominating a man in bed and elsewhere?”
 “Sort of. Instead, I found you mellow and submissive, like a teenaged girl. Funny.”
 “How about your girlfriend?” she asked with a smile.  
 “It isn’t serious. Just another girl in my life. Girls come and go, you know.”
 “What about me? I’m too old for you.”
 “I’ve never met such a woman before in my life. I feel I’m in love with you. Weird that it happened so quickly. Pity that I have to return to my miserable work.”
 “What do you earn?” Barbara asked as she laid on him. 
 “Thirty-five thousand a year. Why?”
 “Quit your job. Come with me. We’ll have a lot of fun.”
 “Are you serious?” Jeff pushed her a bit, looking at her in disbelief. 
 “Yes.”
 “What will happen to me when it’s over?” he asked. “I wouldn’t be able to find another job quickly. I have no particular skills.”
 “I will give you $35,000 after you say ‘yes.’ You’ll  have a full year’s pay to find another job. Take it. This offer won’t last long.”
 “I’ll take it.” Jeff turned over, got her under him, and began pushing down her underwear. “You’re crazy,” Barbara whispered, making no attempt to resist. “What if someone comes by?” 
Jeff did not answer. There was no need to. The trees and rocks around watched them and their reflection in the mirror of the quiet lake water with silent understanding and sympathy. A tender and agreeable “oh” escaped Barbara’s lips. 
In northern latitudes the sun feels no rush to roll down beyond the horizon. It hangs leisurely about, very close to earth, throwing long shadows from everything standing in the way of its rays. The shadow of the rock on the west side of the lake had already covered almost half of the small lake, and the forest began to look ominous—mysteriously dark and silent. Barbara looked at her watch. It was 8 o'clock. The heat had subsided and was replaced by the refreshing, comfortable air that moved in slowly from the lake. There was no trace of wind. Leaves hung motionless from the trees, as if frozen. From a distant lake a lonely loon burst into a passionate, trembling call. A similar, but hardly audible cry from the remote wilderness came in response. A dead silence then fell over the smooth, perfectly flat surface of the lake. The sun was already behind the mountains, painting the distant clouds in the east a tender pink colour.
With admiration Barbara observed the complete stillness of nature—in sharp contrast to the thunderstorms rattling in her mind. She was appalled at her own irrational behaviour, which defied any explanation. It was sheer madness, but she did not want to put an end to it and retreat to a properly logical, socially acceptable life. She had a taste of complete freedom, unrestricted by any human limitations and conventions, the freedom of a loon in the middle of the lake calling its soul mate and receiving a trembling, loving response from the depth of the wild. 
 “Time to go back,” Barbara said.
 “Indeed,” Jeff agreed. “It’s already dark in the forest. We'd better hurry up before the wild animals take over the human trails. They might be dangerous.”
They walked briskly along the narrow path of the bumpy hiking trail, taking extra care not to slip or fall. Although it was dark in the forest, daylight still illuminated the parking lot. They drove back to the village. Jeff parked his car a few hundred yards from the hotel.
 “I’d better get to our room as quickly as possible,” Barbara said. “It wouldn’t be nice to bump into Leon.”
 “Never mind, Barb. He won’t be able to take me by surprise”, Jeff said her with the careless confidence of a strong young man. 
 “Come to your senses, Jeff,” Barbara reprimanded, speeding up her pace. “I don’t want any fist fighting here. Let’s avoid scandal by all means.”
 “There’s nobody around anyway,” Jeff said. 
They approached a weird structure, whose walls were made of wooden bars holding huge glass panes. The building looked like a bowl with glass walls tilted outside.    
 “What is it?” Barbara asked.
 “A bar. It’s a very nice place. Do you mind dropping in for a few drinks?”
 “I’d rather not. What if Leon and company decide to come here? I don’t want to meet them.”
 “C’mon, Barb. Don't get paranoid. We won’t be long anyway.”
 “Ok,” Barbara agreed. “Just for a few drinks.”
The bar greeted them with soft jazzy music and the hum of voices. People were having a good time. Most of the bar crowd came from the yachts in the harbour, smiling people, healthy looking, and relaxed.
“Let’s get some drinks,” Jeff suggested. He squeezed his way between two tipsy amorous couples who were y busy looking into each other eyes in a shameless drunken way.    
 “Do you have B and B?” Jeff asked the bartender.
 “No. Just finished the last bottle. Would you settle for Grand Marnier?” 
Their neighbour to the right broke into the conversation.
“There are a few good things in life that do not tolerate compromise,” he said to Jeff. “Am I correct, Sir?” 
 “Good things can take different forms,” Jeff answered, falling under the charm of the laid-back atmosphere of the bar. Careless, easy-going people were all around. 
 “B and B or nothing?” the bartender asked with mocking grief. There were others eager to drink whatever was left.
 	“Not so cruel,” Jeff said. “I have to give up to the dreadful reality. Give me three shots of Grand Marnier.” 
 “Good start,” the neighbor to the right said. “You’re a genuine sailor.”
Barbara touched Jeff’s hand.
As she pushed her way through the crowd, the bartender asked aloud, “What can I get for the lady?” 
 “Red wine,” Barbara said, over her shoulder. 
 “What red wine does she want, Sir?” Barbara heard the bartender ask. She left the answer to Jeff and continued on over to the window. She slid into one of the empty seats and stared out the window. The dusk was settling down and the nightlights at the docks sprang to life all over the village.
A few minutes later, Jeff joined her and handed her the glass of wine. 
 “Nice place,” Barbara said. “Glass walls all around. Like an aquarium, but for humans. It’s a beautiful panoramic view.” 
 “Beautiful,” Jeff sad. “If I had the means, I would live a lazy life forever.”
 “Why? Don’t you feel any longing for action? For success? For the joy of creating your own things?”
 “No.”
“Why?”
“Because I have no talents. Because I’m lazy. That’s why I have wisdom. Workaholics do not have time for wisdom. I bet all the canon of philosophers were lazy people lacking ambitions. How else could you find time to observe life and reflect on its purpose?”
“I think it’s only natural for humans to be active. We’re all born for some purpose in life.”
“I disagree,” Jeff said. “There are some who enjoy an active life. There are some who hate it, especially those who don’t have any particular talents.”
“What would you do, if you had plenty of time and money?” Barbara asked.
“I would travel. I would read a lot. That is the only mental activity that I like. Reading fiction is a refuge for useless people, a dream country for those who cannot make things happen. I am one of them.” Jeff finished his drink.  
“Let’s travel, then. When and where do you want to start?”
 Jeff smiled and kissed her hand.
“I need to take my former girlfriend home first.” Barbara blinked when Jeff called his girlfriend ‘former.’ “And then I would start from Los Angeles. I have never been there. Let’s stay in Santa Monica, Santa Barbara, and San Francisco. Let’s rent a car and travel all over California, Nevada, and Arizona. I have read a lot about these places. And then we can move through other states to Florida. Do you like my plan?”
“It is….” 
Barbara did not finish. Nancy stood at the entrance of the bar. She looked around for a place to sit, and when she seemed to notice Barbara, she turned away. Greg appeared behind her, and then Steve and Betty. The men gave Barbara a short and very cold nod. Betty nodded at Barbara in a much friendlier manner; however, she didn’t smile and didn’t express any joy at seeing her. They took a table at the other end of the bar. Leon was not with them.
“What happened?” Jeff asked.
“My friends are here. Don’t look at them, though. They all condemn me among themselves, I am sure. Not without influence of Leon, of course, but all the same. I think I deserve it. Let them.”
Betty threw glances at her. Barbara understood.
“Jeff, would you mind bringing me another drink?” she asked.
“Of course. I was about to get another myself. The same again for you?”
“Yes, please. Could you stay at the bar until I finish my conversation with Betty?”
“Sure.” Jeff looked at Barbara with acute interest. “How’d you know she wants to talk to you?”
“You have to be a woman for that. No other special skills are required.”
“That means I will never be that smart,” Jeff said, standing. “Have fun.”
As soon as Jeff left, Betty rose to her feet and walked to Barbara.
“Sit down, Betty,” Barbara invited. “Everyone is in a grim mood, I understand. I can guess what they are saying about me.”
“Nancy is particularly adamant about your moral virtues.” Betty lowered her voice to almost a whisper, talking with the passion of a professional gossipmonger. “She believes that a decent woman has to do these things in a more discreet manner.” Barbara smiled. Betty was not that stupid, after all.
 “That’s why she’s ignoring me. What a snob,” Barbara commented. “What makes you so defiant?”
 “Because I’m a faithful wife. I don’t have to pretend to be a decent woman. After all, nobody can read my fantasy. I want to tell you something, Barb.”
 “What is it?”
 “Leon is out of his mind. We never expected him to react this way. You’ll forgive me, Barb, but I never believed that Leon loved you. He was kind, but rather indifferent toward you. But now he looks like a ruined man. He was talking and talking, like having verbal diarrhea, about you. How dreadful a woman you are. The others agreed, of course. You know too well that everyone agrees with him, even when he is not right.”
“Yes, I know. Could you tell me what he said exactly?”
 “It’s all gibberish. The main thing is the way he looks. His hands are trembling. His face has turned light gray, like he’s sick. I was afraid for your life.”
 “Where is he now?”
 “He left on the plane. He said that he would never see you again. What are you going to do now?”
 “I want to travel a bit,” Barbara said. “To leave this mess behind me.”
 “Good idea. And now….” She pulled a business card out of her bag.
“Take this,” Betty said. “Steve asked me to give it to you. It’s the business card of a man who wants to talk to you. Good luck, Barbara. Call me, please. I am your friend and always will be.”
She got up and joined her husband. Jeff returned, taking her place.
 “What’s up?” he asked, handing her a glass of wine.
 “Leon is not here. We can spend tonight on my yacht. Tomorrow morning I will take off to Detroit and fly to New York. I will be waiting for you there. In the meantime you can take your girlfriend home and settle everything you need before the long journey. Will you come?”
 “Of course. I am in love with you, Barb. You are a lovely woman.” 
Barbara said nothing. She gave him a long and shiny stare of a grateful and happy woman.
Barbara’s journey with Jeff was a marvelous, romantic period in her life: careless living, an insatiable craving for sex, and the physical and mental joy of love. They traveled a lot, mostly by car, wandering about different places: big cities, rural countryside, wilderness parks, and luxury resorts. But this paradise lasted only 3 months. The difference between their personalities began to affect their mood and feelings. 
Jeff loved nature and could spend the whole day on the lakeshore or riverbank, swimming, basking in the sun, or hiking the whole day. Barbara liked it for the first month, but then got bored. She couldn’t stand staying on the beach longer than 2 hours. 
Jeff liked long philosophical discussions with no substance. It was entertaining and even interesting at first, but ceased to attract her attention after a short while. He expressed some wise truisms justifying his lack of desire to live an active life. Barbara believed that wisdom should manifest itself in actions but not in elegant expressions.
Jeff liked to spend evenings and nights in the bar, drinking beer, and chatting with neighbours. Barbara did not like alcohol much. The crowds in bars disgusted her most of the time. 
Jeff had no ambition. His strongest desire was to do nothing useful for the rest of his life. Barbara had a creative mind. Meaningful, innovative work was her religion and way of life. The only way to get back to it was to break up with Jeff and start a new venture, with all the hardships and joy of imagination and achievement. Barbara realized it to the fullest in Miami, while having breakfast in one of the luxury hotels, on the fabulous shores of Palm Beach. Jeff sat across the table, looking at the ocean and its endless succession of waves. Absorbed in their thoughts, they did not speak to each other.
Barbara wrestled with one of the weird idiosyncrasies of life. How come even happiness turned boring? Eventually its joy faded, and time took into its unstoppable stream this wonderful feeling of passion, leaving the two people in the cold land of indifference. 
 “You didn’t eat anything,” Jeff said, not taking his eyes off the ocean. “Not feeling well?”
 “Indeed.” Barbara nodded, as if talking to a waiter. “But never mind. Finish yours.”     
It was the second day she didn’t feel well. Although today it could be the consequence of the previous evening in the bar, where she had eaten something while Jeff wandered about socializing with strangers. He had looked at young girls hungrily and even danced with several of them. With a cold mind, Barbara admitted to herself that she was not jealous. 
 “What are we going to do tonight?” Jeff interrupted her train of thoughts.
 “Whatever you want,” she said, as she put her hand in her bag and fished out a business card.
“What’s that?” 
“Steve gave it to me.” She read the name aloud. “Graham Towers.”
“Who is that?”
“A businessman. I’m going to try his cell.” Barbara began to dial but held out little hope of catching him.
“What for?” Jeff stopped staring at the ocean and looked at Barbara with disapproval. 
Barbara did not care to answer. After a click she heard the cold firm voice of an obviously busy man. 
“Graham Towers.” 
“This is Barbara Chromer calling,” she said in a similar business-like manner. 
Graham Towers did not give her a chance to explain the purpose of her call.
“Oh, thanks for calling, Barbara.” There was genuine joy in his voice. “Nice of you to call. Steve told me a lot about you. But I had heard about you before. After all, we are in the same industry.”
“Am I still in time to discuss the business that you had in mind a few months ago?”
“Absolutely. As a matter of fact, now it is exactly the right moment. Many things have changed for the better. Where are you?”
“I’m in Florida. But never mind, I can get any place right away, if necessary.”
“I’m in New York. Can you come here next week? I am expecting a few key players.”
“Yes, I can. Could you brief me though, about the essence of the deal?”
“Yes.” Graham was pleasant and talkative, like any good salesman. “We are trying to take over a company that produces electronic components. It is somewhat similar to your B&L Electronics Company that you sold.”
He even knew that she thought and smiled into her cell.
“Have you heard of Binary Lands Corp?” 
“Of course. Barbara squeezed the phone. This would be a big catch.
“This company, though, is very poorly managed,” Graham said. “It’s a fairly large one, but now is on the verge of bankruptcy. As owners, we would be able to sign a few good contracts with big manufacturers. Our consortium needs someone with your knowledge, experience, and connections to participate in the deal. We would like to have you as an active partner and investor. You know, what I mean. You could help to land a few contracts, too. And you could replace the existing management with your people.”
Barbara's heart began to pound. She felt like a hunter chasing large game. An exciting, thrilling life of action, risk, and success was beginning to unfold again. 
 “Are you interested?” Graham asked.
 	“Yes, yes.” Barbara rushed with an answer, now totally in control of her emotions. “Certainly. I’ll be in New York soon. Let’s get in touch next week, then. Please jot down my phone number.”
Only after placing her phone on the table did she pay attention to Jeff, who listened with intense interest. 
 “Good offer,” she said, giving no further explanation. 
“What do you need a new business for?” Jeff asked. “Do you need money?”
“No. Not for necessities. Not even for luxuries.”
“What for, then?”
“Hard to explain.” Barbara shrugged her shoulders. “Does it matter?”
“Yes, it does. I thought that we would go to Europe next week.” 
“We won’t.” 
Jeff did not say a thing, turning his disappointed face to the ocean.   
“I don’t feel well now, Jeff,” Barbara said after a few moments of silence. “I’m going upstairs to have a rest.”
“For how long?”
“An hour or two. Does it matter?”
“No. I’ll sit on the beach. Come to me when you feel better, Ok?”
“Ok.”
Barbara stood up and left, not giving him a glance. In the room, she laid down for a few minutes, preparing herself to make another call. Over the past 2 weeks, she had been stretching her hand to pick up the phone to call Leon many times. But her determination failed each time she was about to dial the number. She missed him—the man she had loved for so many years. It would not be easy to talk to him. His butler, not Leon, would pick up the phone. His trusted servant had instructions on how to deal with different callers. Had Leon given him instructions on what to do if Barbara called? Very unlikely, but possible. 
Their butler was a remarkable man. She remembered the day Leon had hired him. When they were married, Leon was already fairly rich. He had almost all the attributes of power and money on display, from a huge house to a big, expensive yacht. He was obsessed with his work and almost inhuman power in financial matters. Money was not his objective anymore. Power and the numbers game were his obsession, and he surrendered himself entirely to addiction to success and power. Five years into their marriage, Leon decided to sell his house and yacht to buy bigger and more expensive stuff. For his new status, he claimed that his existing display of wealth was insufficient. Soon after they had moved into a magnificent castle, Leon had introduced to her an impeccably dressed man, of Japanese or Chinese origin, but with the posture and manners of an American.  
 “This is Jim, Barb. He is our butler. We can’t live without a butler, can we?”
Barbara had shaken his hand and welcomed him. Jim had bowed with dignity, his face calm and unemotional as though he were a mannequin.  
 “I will try my best,” he said. And then, as if answering her silent question, he added: “I am Japanese.”
There was something disturbing in the way he looked at the world. His eyes gave an impression that he understood much more than he was supposed to, and that he wanted to know even more. But he told little of himself. He was 38 years old. He had previously been married and had a child. That was all he said about his family.
In a very short while, the butler proved to be indispensable. He flawlessly ran their huge household with efficiency. He took care of many things that were not meant to be the duty of a butler, such as household finances, the on-going maintenance of their homes and properties in different corners of the country, organizing their parties with important people, and numerous other tasks for which Barbara and Leon could trust nobody else. Leon even let Jim manage some business correspondence, which Jim did remarkably well. Barbara suspected that Leon was giving him some other errands whose nature she did not know. Sometimes Leon took him along on his business trips, especially to Mexico. He explained to Barbara that Jim spoke Spanish quite well and was therefore useful.
Barbara later found out that Jim was an educated man. He held a bachelor’s degree in business administration and had every intention to continue his study at university, until an opportunity to train as a butler unexpectedly came along. A butler’s wage in rich households was much better than the salary of a corporate employee. Very few of those who graduated, Jim figured, would make the spectacular ascent to the top. The majority would remain as middle managers until they retired, obeying a boring 9 to 5 routine, and cheating themselves with dreams of climbing the corporate ladder. 
Although Jim was on very friendly terms with her, he dedicated his mind and heart to Leon. His reaction to her call would be very indicative. She finally mustered the nerve to call.
 “Hello.” It was Jim.
 “Hi, Jim,” she said, trying to keep her voice even.
 “Good morning, Barbara.” Jim greeted her as if nothing had happened. It was a good sign. 
 “How are you?” Barbara did not want to go to the heart of the matter right away, but clever Jim did it for her.
 “Leon is not here,” he said.
 “Where is he?”
“In San Francisco.”
“Give me his phone number there, please.”
There was silence on the other end. 
“Are you here, Jim?”
“Yes.” Jim spoke in the same quiet manner. “I don’t know it.” 
It was an outrageous lie, and both knew it.” You know everything, Jim. Give me the number.” Barbara was friendly, but insistent.
“I can’t. Shall I explain why?”
“No. Jim, please do me a favour. Tell him that I want to talk to him. Tell him that I miss him. Could you do that much for me?”
“Yes.”
“Now. I would like to ask you to tell me something.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Does he miss me too?”
After a few moments of hesitation Jim replied.
“I think so. I did not say anything to you. Ok, Barbara?”
“Thank you, Jim.”
“Never mind. Where should he call you?”
“Tomorrow I’m flying to New Jersey to stay at my mother's a few days. He knows her number.”
“Ok. I will call him right now.”
 After this conversation, Barbara went to the beach to find Jeff, but her thoughts were far away. She was hardly able to catch what Jeff talked about.
“Let’s go to the bar tonight, Barb,” he said for the third time in a row. “Say something, hey?”
“To the bar?” Barbara said. All the same, she thought. It should be the last time. 
“Yes, to the bar.”
“Ok. Let’s go to the bar.” 
Late that afternoon, she went back to the hotel to get everything arranged—plane tickets, a taxi and settling the hotel bill. She also spoke to her mother, asking to wait for her. 
In the evening they went to the bar of Jeff’s choice. By the time they arrived, it was already crowded. Everyone was in a good mood, drinking and smoking non-stop, as if this were the last day for them to have a good time. Jeff asked Barbara to dance with him, but she declined. She reprimanded him mildly for being drunk, which upset him. He disappeared in the crowd, and then appeared for a few moments dancing with a pretty Chinese girl. Let him, Barbara thought. At this moment the man sitting nearby made an attempt to strike up a conversation with her. 
 “Let me introduce myself,” he said, using his finger to push the glasses up from the tip of his nose. “My name is Ben. I am an architect.”
 “Very nice,” Barbara said.
“You are a pretty woman,” the architect said. He placed his palm over her hand. He was profoundly drunk.
“Are you trying to seduce me?” Barbara asked, releasing her hand.
“Yes,” he said with a nod, fixing up glasses on his nose to get her in focus. “You are pretty, aren’t you?”
“In your present condition, anything that produces a sound and moves would be beautiful to you. But another pint of beer will help you put up with a less strenuous evening.” 
Barbara looked him up and down with a mocking smile. Her neighbour nodded again, this time with understanding and resentment. 
“Fuck yourself,” he said. “You missed your chance.”
Barbara caught another glimpse of Jeff’s face, dancing cheek-to-cheek with the Chinese girl before the swinging crowd hid them behind the impenetrable wall of twisting bodies. A blonde woman unceremoniously pushed herself in between Barbara and the bespectacled architect. She was about 40, her hair standing upright like pine needles, her face emanating toxic happiness.   
 “Hi, beauty,” Ben said, placing his hand on her buttocks. The blonde responded with a joyful, silvery laugh.
 “You’re nuts,” she said, promoting him from the rank of stranger to intimate friend.
Barbara looked the place over, trying to spot Jeff. He was nowhere. Her thoughts began to wander. She thought about her mother, her home, and Leon. She didn’t feel well the whole day, and now the fumes of this alcoholic paradise were nauseating. 
 “Who was he?” The man took a swig of beer.
 “He was a carpenter, but not a simple carpenter. And he wanted me to help him in his trade.”
“Good.” The man belched and gave the blonde a meaningful stare. “But a woman cannot be a carpenter, I don’t think.”
“Why not? I was pretty good at it.” Her coquetry suggested that she was also good at many other things.
“Because most of the time a carpenter works bending over,” said the man, his glasses slowly sliding again to the tip of his nose. “Your co-workers, predominantly male, would misinterpret your business intentions. However, you are the most beautiful carpenter in the world, so far as I am concerned. I could imagine you bending over a piece of wood, or whatever.”  
 “I am not a carpenter, you bloody jerk,” the blonde said. She was drunk. Her lips were hardly moving, as if frozen in preparation for the dental work. “I am a legal secretary.”
 “Oh,” he said, nodding. “I see. Illegal secretary. I have a job for you tonight. A blow job.”
This was enough. Barbara stood up and left the bar. 
Jeff arrived back at the room very late and was careful not to make too much noise. She pretended to be asleep, to avoid having conversation with him. She awoke early the next morning when he was still sound asleep. Barbara smiled, sat at the table and scribbled on a piece of paper:
Dear Jeff,
We will never see each other again. Thank you for a wonderful time. Here is a cheque for $40,000 for you.  
I wish you all the best in your life. B
.
***

Barbara did not visit her mother too often. When she did visit, her only desire was to leave as quickly as possible. They did not understand each other. Her mother was from a very poor family, married a poor, simple man who could barely support his wife and four children. The family lived a life of poverty and frustration. Barbara’s father died in an accident, leaving the family in desperate condition. Luckily, Barbara married Leon soon after that and helped her mother out a lot. But differences in education, lifestyle, intellectual capacity, and mentality placed them in two different worlds, between which communication did not exist. Barbara knew that after the first 2 pleasant minutes of seeing her mother, the boring routine of hospitality would ruin her stay.  
 “Honey,” her mother said when Barbara stepped out of the taxi onto the front yard. Barbara had bought her mother a small, nice house where she lived alone. She devoted all her time to planting flowers and maintaining the garden. The flowerbeds, shrubs, and trees were in immaculate condition, tidy, colourful and strikingly beautiful. There was a remarkable contrast between the appearance of the house and the appearance of her mother. She did not care about her looks, letting the sun and wind ruin her face. Her skin, which was never particularly nice, now looked like a dry, worn-out kitchen cloth. But, she was tidy, just like the yard. Her light, silvery hair was tied with a red ribbon. A cheap necklace with big synthetic pearls decorated her wrinkled neck. She wore old, but clean running shoes, strange pants, which covered her legs to just slightly below her knees and a rather tight blouse that she had saved from younger years. 
 “Good day, mom.” Barbara gave her a kiss and a hug. 
“Lunch is waiting for you,” her mother said, opening the door. “What took you so long to get here?”
“I don’t want anything to eat, mom. Just a cup of coffee.”
“You must eat, my dear. It’s important. Trust me, I raised four kids.”
“I know your biography, mom,” Barbara said, sitting at the kitchen table. “How are you these days?”
“Good. Want some sausage?”
“No. Stop offering me food, mom. I don’t want to eat.”
“You sound very irritated,” her mother said, handing her a cup of coffee. She examined Barbara with pale-blue, angry eyes. Barbara could not help but notice that her trembling hands were as brown and wrinkled as her face, and were decorated with branches of bulging, sclerotic veins. 
“What do you mean?”
“You don’t like what your mother cooks?” Her mother's face looked stern and disapproving. 
“I’m not a kid, mom. There’s no need to spoon-feed me.”
“Are you still with that young man?”
“No. Finished.”
“What does he look like?” she asked.
Barbara sighed.
“Young and handsome. Not very bright, though.”
“Did you like him?”
“Immensely.” 
Her mother nodded contentedly. 
“You should go back to Leon, then. He is a good man.”
“I am thinking about it.”
“Call him at once, then.”
“I have already called. He’s not at home. He might call soon.”
Barbara grew pale under the scrutiny of her mother's eyes.
“What's wrong?” she asked. 
Her mother kept looking at her without uttering a sound. Her eyes suddenly opened wide in horror.
“You’re pregnant. Why didn't you say so at once?”
“What?” Barbara jumped as if she had spotted a poisonous snake at her feet. “What are you talking about?”
“I know what I am talking about. I had four kids. You said you knew my biography. I know how it goes. I have grandchildren already.”  
Barbara jerked bolt upright, then felt a red-hot wave spread to her neck and face. She sat down, dumbfounded. 
“It is…awful.” 
“Does Leon know?” Her mother now examined her in a business-like manner.
“No, of course not. I didn’t realize it myself until you just told me. It might be about a month along. No more. I’ve had delays like this in the past. Anyway, this is the end of my marriage.”
“Don’t rush to conclusions. Let me fetch a test from the drug store to make sure that there’s no mistake.”
Her mother returned quickly. The test left no doubt. She was pregnant.  
“Don’t even think of having an abortion.” Her mother’s voice contained menace.
“I won’t. But I’ve lost my last chance to reconcile with Leon.”
 They sat against each other, silent and deep in their thoughts. The phone rang, making them shudder.
“I’ll get it,” Barbara said. “It’ll be Leon.”
It was indeed. Leon was unable to contain his joy.
“Nice talking to you, Barb,” he said. “At last we talk again. What do you want to say?”
“I wanted to say that I missed you. The whole ordeal was just madness. But it’s over.”   
“I am glad to hear it. Let’s leave it behind us. When will you come home?”
Barbara held her breath. Leon still loved her.
“Never,” she said. “You won’t accept me. I’m pregnant. This is my last chance to have a child, you know.”
The long silence on the other end of the phone expressed more than words could do. She heard a click, followed by the short beeps of a disconnected line.
“What did he say?” asked her mother.
“Nothing.”
“Where are you going?”
“To bed. I’m dead tired. Let me rest a bit, mom. Leave me alone.”
Barbara lay in bed weeping like a child for the first time since she was a teenager.
The hectic life of a top executive left no room for personal feelings or time for reminiscing over the past. Her child, a healthy noisy boy, was born at the peak of restructuring efforts by the company taken over by the consortium led by Graham Towers. But 2 weeks later, Barbara returned to work. She had a lot of help for her child, of course, but she managed to spend some time with the tot. Her feeling of love for him overwhelmed her. She now had everything she wanted—her business and professional life, a child, social status, and respect. She seldom, if ever, paid attention to young men, as she did before. She did not have love affairs and did not look for them. Sometimes her memory brought back many happy years she had with Leon and his reaction when she left him. From time to time she heard about him, as Leon was often involved in large transactions affecting her industry. She spoke with Betty a few times, but their friendship died very quickly. Too much distance separated the two women who had no common ground, interests, or activity. 
Two years had passed since she left Leon. It was a Saturday afternoon and Barbara intended to spend this wonderful summer day with her son. The phone rang. She picked it up and said her usual cold yet polite, “Hello.”  
 “Hi, Barbara.” She held her breath. It was Steve. He was greeting her as an old friend. “How are you?”
 “Something important made you call me,” she said. “Another business offer?”
 “Strange as it is, this time I am calling as an old friend.”
“Thank you, Steve. I greatly appreciate that. You are a good lawyer. Now tell me the truth.”
“Don’t be so sarcastic, Barb. I am calling about Leon.”
Barbara felt a freezing wave of fear griping her body.
“What about him?” she asked. Her vocal cords failed her.
“He is sick. Sorry, but there is no hope. Cancer.”
“How long is he going to last?” she asked.  
“I don’t know.”     
“Thank you for letting me know, Steve.”
She dropped the phone and ran to the door. Barbara had no doubt that Steve would not call her without Leon’s permission. Leon lived in Long Island, in the home they had shared for so long. Despite her efforts to fight the traffic, the drive took more than an hour. She pulled her car up to the fence, pressed the button on the dashboard and the gate opened automatically. The huge front yard of their estate laid in silence and the sinking sun threw long, weird shadows from the tall trees of the driveway. There was nobody in sight, as if all the living things had deserted the place, leaving it to the forces of nature for destruction. She stopped near the main entrance, stepped out, and walked slowly, looking around the familiar place. Suddenly, the huge front door opened and the butler appeared at the entrance. He wore a snow-white shirt and dark suit, as if expecting guests for a pompous ball. He retreated and let her in.
Everything was stunningly beautiful in the house. The most renowned architects, prominent interior designers, decorators, and artists had transformed their fantasy of heaven on earth in every room and hall. Barbara shuddered at an ugly thought. Leon would find it hard to leave behind this fabulous world of eternal beauty, created by the imagination of the best contemporary human minds. Would heaven be so beautiful? Could life in heaven be as sweet as on earth? 
 “Where is he, Jim?” Barbara asked.
 “Upstairs.” The butler turned his head toward the staircase leading to the second floor. “He is in the library. He spends most of his time there. He does not like to be in the bedroom. Sometimes he even sleeps in the chair there.”
 “Who takes care of him?”
“Just me. Nurses are coming, of course, but that is all. Actually, he doesn't want to see anyone. He is a macho man, you know. He doesn’t want people to see him in such condition.”
“Does he know that I am here?”
“Yes. I looked out the window and saw your car coming. I told him this at once, of course, and he told me to let you in.”       
Barbara ran up the stairs and pushed the heavy, tall door of the library. Leon sat in a chair, with a blanket covering the lower part of his body. He was completely bald. Chemotherapy had robbed his head of its once thick hair. His eyes were pale, lacking the uncompromising firmness so natural to his appearance. 
 “Good afternoon, Leon,” Barbara said. She kissed him on his cold cheek and tucked the blanket around his hips, as a caring wife does for a sick husband. A faint smile appeared on his face, revealing a host of new wrinkles on his dry thin skin. 
 	“Good afternoon, Barb,” he said. “Looking good. Sit down.” His voice sounded calm and kind, as if he wanted to demonstrate tolerance to everything in life. He pushed the blanket off his knees and stood up.
 “What do you want?” Barbara asked. “I will take care of everything.”
 “I’m not a cripple. I can take care of myself.” He walked to another chair, beside the huge mahogany desk and pushed the button. 
 “I can take care of you,” Leon said. “Want something?”
“No.”
The butler appeared at the doorstep.
“Strong tea, Jim. And some cognac.”
“Sure about the cognac, sir?”
“Sure.”
The butler disappeared.
“Maybe the cognac isn’t necessary?” Barbara asked.
 She expected some sign of irritation from Leon, as was usually the case when someone said something against his will. Instead he smiled sardonically.
 “It’s too late to take care of me,” he said. “You know, what? I came to terms with everything around me. With people, events, and with whatever is bound to happen.”
 “Don’t go too far this way, Leon. You will be in control of your life soon. You are a very strong man.” Even with no medical training, Barbara realized that Leon was dying. It took tremendous concentration for her to suppress her tears and put on a business-like expression.
 “Maybe. But the point is, I have grown tolerant and forgiving of people. For no reason, really.” 
The butler came in, put the tray of tea and cognac on the table, and left without uttering a sound. 
 “Good”, Barbara said, continuing the interrupted conversation. “Now you have to tolerate me.”
“For how long?” 
“Forever. I am your wife, and you have to put up with me. To accept me with all my sins and virtues.”                
Leon smiled, drank a few gulps of tea, and sipped the cognac.
“Sounds like a good deal, if you accept me with all my sins and no virtues. By the way, I heard you are still alone.”
“I am not with Jeff, if that’s what you mean. I never saw him since then.”
“Why did you break up with him?” Leon appeared genuinely interested.    
“He turned out to be a fairly dull and worthless person. Maybe for someone else he would be a wonderful match, but not for me.” 
“At your age, you're supposed to know full well who you are dealing with. Don’t you?” He took another sip of cognac.
“I was blind.”
“Why is that?”
“It was…rather romantic.” She tried to avoid his inquisitive stare. “He told me that he loved me. He was always telling me about his love.”
“That is what blinded you,” Leon said, frowning.
“You underestimate the power of words. These words.”
“Hmm. Blinded by a few trivial words. I would never use them to avoid the banality of it. How stupid of you.”
“Maybe. But I had never heard them.” She hesitated a few moments. “They are magical.” She sighed. “But it is over.”
Leon stood up, swayed awkwardly, as if he doubted what to do next. He slowly walked around the table, came to Barbara, and gently took her head in his large palms.
“I am sorry,” he said. He kissed her temple, sat in his large comfortable chair, and leaned back. He was very pale. 
“You know what my greatest regret is?” Leon said. “That I do not have a child from you. Maybe there is an intricate logic to it. Very often great achievers do not have heirs. Families grow until they achieve success, but more often than not their genes disappear from the earth with them. It never happens with the poor and unsuccessful. They rapidly grow in numbers. How can you explain it by the theory of survival of the fittest?” 
 “It’s not time yet for summing up. Maybe you should go to bed,” Barbara said, wrapping him up in the blanket. “It’s already rather late.”
 “No,” he said, hardly moving his lips, almost whispering. “Leave me alone for a while. I want to sleep.” He closed his eyes. Barbara kissed him and quietly left the library. 
The butler was on the first floor, as if waiting for her to come out.
 “I will be in the bedroom,” she said. “Wake me up, if necessary.”
 “You’d better rest”, the butler said. “I will take care of everything.”
Barbara, tired as she was, tried to fall asleep on their huge, comfortable bed. At midnight she went to check in on Leon. She opened the library door and looked inside. Leon was sleeping peacefully, his head hanging over his chest. She closed the library door, went back to bed, and at last fell asleep. It was late morning when the butler woke her up.
 “What happened?” she asked, rising up and supporting herself on an elbow.
 “Come to the library,” the butler said and left the room.
She put on a nightgown and rushed after the butler. She found Leon sitting in the same chair, his face to the ceiling, pale and motionless, his eyes open. He was dead. She knew it at once. Jim had already left the room. He was making the final arrangements for his master. 
Barbara sat in the library looking out the window at the front yard, which was lethargic and motionless like a theatre set. She noticed the butler only after he positioned himself across the table, as the only actor for an audience of one. 
 “What is up, Jim?” she asked, still fixing her stare at the window.
 “Steve wants us to come to his office.”
She accepted the invitation with indifference, if not disgust. She was sure it was something to do with Leon’s will, and she might be a part of it. The very thought of getting money from Leon after his death was revolting, but there was nothing anyone could do about that. This was how things had been for ages. Those who die left their fortunes for others to enjoy, very often to those who impatiently waited for his or her death. She was not like that, she thought. 
Jim took her to Steve's office for the reading of the will. It was neither long nor complicated, in spite of the big money involved. There were only two people mentioned in his will. Jim was getting $1 million. Everything else went to Barbara. She was obligated, however, to keep Jim employed as long as he wanted. After most of the formalities were dispensed with, Steve took Barbara by the arm and led her to another room.
 “I would like to tell you something,” he said in a confidential tone.
“What is it?” 
Steve, as it appeared, was going to reveal something interesting.
 “Leon changed his will just about a week before his death. When he asked me to make you the heir of all his fortunes, I asked him if he were sure. He said, ‘Of course. She is the woman that I love. I am sure that she loves me too. She is the dearest thing to me. Jim, my butler, is very close to me, but he is something else. Jim would not work for me if I do not pay him. But Barbara would stay with me, no matter what.’”
Steve raised his eyebrows.
 “I felt that this would be of interest to you, Barbara.”
 “Thank you, Steve. Thank you. Oddly enough, this is the first time I’ve heard his words of love, and it is after his death. But it is of great interest to me; of course it is.”
Jim drove her home in silence. He appeared pleased with the will and Barbara supposed he was digesting the event. 
 “Tell me, Jim”, Barbara said, interrupting his flow of thoughts, “How often did Leon have affairs with women?”
Jim shrugged his shoulders and said nothing.
“Jim, your master is dead. You don’t have to be faithful to someone who does not exist anymore.”
“He had girls whenever he wanted to. He never restricted himself with anything.”
“Who arranged the girls? You?”
“Yes.”
“What kind of girls did he like?”
“Mexican girls.”
“Oh, I see. That’s where your Spanish came in handy.”
“Does it matter to you now?”
“Yes. It matters a lot. It’s weird, isn’t it, that I’m still jealous?” 
“Not at all. But you shall forgive him. It is human nature. Men are supposed to do that. He loved you, though. He spoke of you a lot after you left him.”
“What did he say?”
“That you are a bitch, that you betrayed him. And then he fell ill, and his tone changed. He said that the pain tortured his body and you tortured his mind.”
“Will you work for me, Jim?”
“No, Barbara. I am going to retire. Thanks for your offer, though. I will never serve anyone for the rest of my life.”


VALUE OF PASSION



It was a sheer coincidence that these three men stopped in one of the coffee shops at the First Canadian Place in Toronto at lunchtime. They were, after all, people with big money and influence, who usually didn’t mix with the ordinary crowd. But this time they could afford only a short break from the meeting with bankers to privately discuss urgent matters and prepare for the final leg of negotiations. Expensive restaurants and the long ceremonies of eating rituals did not fit into their tight schedule. 
Stan Shomberg was the youngest, just thirty-five years old, but already the president of a huge building company called Paradise & Bolton Construction. The name was a bit misleading as this enterprise was also involved in manufacturing and wholesaling. When Stan spoke, the other two were eager to listen. Suddenly, his speech was interrupted by an unwelcome intrusion.
“Stan. Glad to see you. How are you, my friend?” a coarse voice roared from above. Stan looked up with a frown. It was a real nuisance to have this rather stressful conversation interrupted by someone shouting to him with such joyous familiarity. It took more than a few moments for Stan to recognize his long-forgotten friend of school years past. His blond and a bit untidy hair was just long enough to give him an artistic look. The guy was rather tall but not muscular, with an expression of genuine and relaxed happiness on his face.
The two hadn’t seen each other for a good decade or so. Stan’s wealth and success had separated them forever, but he couldn’t dismiss him like a stranger. Even for such an unscrupulous man as Stan, that would have been a bit inappropriate. 
 “Hello, Pierre,” he replied with polite indifference. “Haven’t seen you for ages.” 
The men at the table looked at Stan with stony faces, as if waiting for an explanation.
“By the way, Pierre, let me introduce you to my associates. This is Bruce Edwards, our vice president of finance.”
Pierre immediately reached across the table for a handshake, as if he’d spent years waiting for this opportunity. Bruce Edwards, a tall blond gentleman in his middle forties, with the sophisticated face of an aristocrat, stood up and offered his hand. 
“How do you do?” he asked in a strong British accent. 
His grip was weak and brief, eloquently conveying the unspoken words, “I have no time for you, stranger.” He sat back and turned his attention to the open binder at the table. It was obvious that he didn’t want to waste another second on someone named Pierre. Like many top executives, he had developed the skill to recognize an important person in an instant. He had no interest in people who did not belong in that category. 
“And this is our VP of construction, Jeff Miller.” Stan gestured toward the second man. 
Miller, balding with huge glasses, stood up and firmly shook Pierre’s hand. He’d also had enough experience to identify people of importance. Pierre was not one of them, of course. However, Pierre was not plain vanilla either, so Jeff gave him another look in an attempt to figure out what he was about.
“It’s really nice to see you, Pierre,” Stan said again. “Pity that I happen to be quite busy right now. But if you leave me your phone num—”
Pierre beamed. 
“Understand, understand,” he interrupted. “I’d rather not waste your time. But hey, listen, I haven’t seen you for so long. I’d like to invite you to my place tonight. I’m hosting a grand celebration. A lot of interesting folks are coming, as usual. How about you, gentlemen? I invite all of you. Stan knows where I live. The same place. Remember my parties? Will you come?”
 “We’ll try,” Stan said. “Not sure, though.”
 “Don’t forget to bring your wives along, guys,” Pierre said. A spark of mocking malice flashed in his eyes for a fraction of a second. Only Stan noticed it, but it was much later that he realized he had not fully understood what Pierre meant. To the great satisfaction of all three gentlemen, the intruder waived his hand and left.
“Who is he?” Jeff asked.
“My friend from when I was a kid,” Stan replied. “We were close through school and university. Then our lives went in different directions. He’s an artist. Some people say he’s gotten a lot of talent. I don’t understand his art, but who knows? I’m not a judge, so far as art is concerned.”
“Are you going to visit him tonight?” Jeff asked again.
“Well, it would be nice, come to think of it. Might be good relaxation after the afternoon session. He usually has a lot of sweet girls up there—bohemian type, you know. People with little talent, pretty faces, and great ambitions. But they know how to enjoy life.”
Bruce Edwards slowly turned his face toward Stan. Stan kept looking at Jeff, trying to suppress a smile and pretending not to notice Bruce’s stare. He knew that Bruce’s obsession with women was one of the secrets he was trying to hide behind the good manners and unemotional face of a noble man. 
Bruce’s family life, it seemed, was as happy as it could possibly be. His wife was a perfect match in terms of her aristocratic appearance. Born into a wealthy English family with some royal blood, she was a good-looking woman a few years younger than he was—calm, self-controlled, and well mannered. Stan wouldn’t have known anything of Bruce’s interest in other women if he hadn’t witnessed it himself. 
When their company moved two years before, Bruce and Stan temporarily worked out of one of the rooms in the purchasing department. Quite a few young and very pretty girls worked next door. With their own door under repair, the girls had to pass by the men as they came and went to their office. Bruce followed them with his eyes from one end of the room to the other. His look turned dreamy, wet, and blank, as if he were under the influence of narcotics. One of the girls in her early twenties was especially to his liking. She had short black hair, large dark eyes, and very white skin. She would amble by, slightly swaying her hips, with the smile of a woman who enjoyed every movement of her body. Although a bit embarrassed by Bruce’s unusual attention, she still teased him mercilessly. 
Once during important discussions between Bruce and Stan, this girl appeared in the doorway and began crossing the room. She wore a skirt that could have been made for a small baby doll, and her legs blew Bruce’s mind. He stopped listening and got completely absorbed in his dreams about this woman. Stan quickly realized that it didn’t make any sense to keep talking while the girl was there, and he stopped and watched Bruce with humorous curiosity. The woman finally disappeared behind the door, but Bruce kept staring at it, still far from reality. It took him half a minute to recover and come back to Earth, ready for the business of the day. 
 “What nationality is she, Stan?” he asked.
“Italian,” answered Stan. “Why?”
“Nice girl.” Bruce sighed as he moved his eyes down to the papers overburdened with tables, numbers, and flowcharts. 
“Italian,” he repeated, as if talking to himself. “Must be nice. Not like English. English women are like English food—dry and tasteless.” 
Stan was sure that Bruce meant his wife. 
“I might be interested in going to your friend’s,” Bruce now said. “After all, I have nothing to do tonight.”
“Let’s discuss it when the meeting is over,” Stan said. “Ready to move on, gentlemen?” 
The discussion with bank representatives back in the boardroom that afternoon went fairly well. Bruce managed to squeeze a huge loan from them, although the interest was a few basis points higher than they had expected. All the same, it didn’t make that much difference, considering the magnitude of the project and expected profit. 
“And now we can relax tonight,” Bruce said with rather theatrical indifference when they left the meeting room. 
“Do you wish to go to Pierre’s?” Stan asked. 
“Why not? You’d said that they’re nice folks.”
“He invited us to bring our wives.” 
“I’ll ask my wife, but I’m quite sure she won’t go. You know what kind of people she likes to socialize with, don’t you?”
“Of course, my wife is the same. I’m sure she won’t go either. She must remember Pierre—just an ordinary artist without fame and struggling with poverty, mixing with weird people. But it’s even better. I’m sure that our wives will have a chance to get together tonight and discuss pleasant matters over a cup of tea. Come to my place at 7:30 and we’ll go together. I know where he lives, but I forget the exact address. Will you come along, Jeff?”
 “Most likely.” Jeff smiled. “But my wife will definitely join me. She is not snobbish. Not to the extent that she’ll let me run loose. I don’t mind. She’s still a nice girl.”
   At home Stan went straight into the shower to wash off all the sweat and stress of the tough day. He came out into the bedroom naked, with a huge towel, drying his head and face. His wife Victoria sat on the bed waiting for him. She looked him up and down, her eyes lit with love and lust. Stan still had the figure of an athlete, with no fat and no sagging muscles—a result of continuous exercise and proper diet.
 “Any success with the banks?” Victoria asked. She liked to be informed on Stan’s business affairs.
“Yes. We got most of we wanted. What are you going to do tonight?”
 “Any suggestions?”
“You know who I met today? Pierre. Remember him? He invited us for a big celebration. God knows what this means. Do you want to come along?”
“Hmm. You know that I am not fond of people like Pierre and the people he associates with. I gather you also have no interest for the poor bohemian crowd?”
“That’s right. But he was my good friend for so many years. I’d rather visit him tonight for a few hours. Do you mind?”
“Not at all.”
“By the way, Bruce is going to join me as well. I am sure his wife won’t be joining us.”
“I’m sure too. Maybe I’ll invite her here for a cup of tea.”
Bruce and Jeff arrived at exactly 7:30, demonstrating the punctuality of executives. As Stan expected, Bruce came without his wife. Jeff’s wife Cynthia was smiling happily in the passenger seat of the car. Stan jumped into his Porsche and led the way.
When they arrived, there were only a few guests there, drinking wine and wandering around the big house. Pierre didn’t greet his guests. The door was open and anyone could walk in. The house was huge but dilapidated, with shabby and scarce furniture; the walls were covered with stains of untraceable origin, and pictures were everywhere—hanging on walls, sitting on the floor, and even on the table in the dining room. 
Stan led his colleagues to the backyard, where most of the people were. It was a huge space, surrounded by more shabbiness, replicating the condition of the house. A few small tables with easy chairs were scattered around, and two big tables with loads of wine, liquor, and food stood at the corner. Pierre was busy talking with different people. He looked up at Stan and his friends, and then walked over welcome them.
“It’s is a pleasure for me to see you here,” he said. “Truly. Victoria hasn’t come, Stan? Oh, how sad. I’m sure that she has a headache. Never mind. You won’t be bored. And you, Bruce? Also without your wife? Please come in. Here are two empty tables, if you care to sit. I had a large exhibition of my work last week. It was a smashing success. Honestly, I don’t exaggerate. I sold five pictures. Moreover, now I feel obliged to spend some of my new fortune to celebrate. As you’ll see, there are a lot of folks from the theatrical world. Some promised to perform for the party. And now, help yourselves, dear guests. I will be with you in a little while.”       
   Two young women came into the backyard and Pierre rushed to them, embraced them, drew their heads closer and began whispering in the ear of one of them, as if revealing a big secret. The woman nodded and smiled. Pierre kissed her and departed to attend to other matters. Stan noticed that Bruce was watching these two women intently, with a frozen stare and an idiotic smile. Stan looked at the women again. They were very pretty, indeed. One was a tall blond girl in a rather short skirt that revealed appealing legs—a powerful magnet for Bruce’s eyes. The other was middle height, but very shapely and beautiful. She wore a long gown that was slit to the hip, showing off a long strip of the skin of a perfect leg. A smile remained on her full lips, revealing two perfect rows of white teeth. She talked to different people and seemed familiar with most of them. Occasionally, she threw a glance at Stan.
Her interest in him seemed to grow by the minute, and she didn’t try to conceal it. On the contrary, she met his eyes boldly, challenging him with a long stare. Something clicked inside Stan’s heart. Not only was she beautiful—which was in itself a strong weapon for a woman wanting to attract the attention of a man in his prime—like an actress playing different roles, she changed every two minutes. Whenever she met his eyes, she had a different expression. Now she smiled as if she was a woman in love; then she became serious and even menacing, as if demanding a confession; and then she appeared like an innocent and submissive girl, with trembling eyelashes, asking for attention. During one of these exchanges she nodded to Stan as she slowly brought her wine glass to her lips, with her eyes wide open. Lovely indeed. This was too much. Stan nodded back. The woman resumed her sweet smile, touched her blond friend on the arm, and the pair came up to Stan’s table. 
Stan threw a quick glance at Cynthia, Jeff’s wife.  
A watchful woman. Old bitch, he thought in disgust. She’ll notice even the slightest hint of flirting. It would be no surprise if she told the whole story to our wives.
Bruce jumped up and offered a chair to the blond in a short skirt. 
“Delighted to meet you,” he said. “I’m Bruce.”
“Katherine.”  The blond introduced herself while giving him a grateful glance. 
Bruce beamed. He looked as if his old and passionate dream of a love affair with a woman with spice was about to happen.
“Martha,” the other beauty said, looking at Stan. “Do you mind if we join you?”
“Please do.” 
He noticed that Cynthia was not looking in his direction. All the same, she watched intently. Stan had no doubt about that. Jeff was drinking a lot. He understood everything and quietly entertained himself with what developed in front of him on the real-life stage. 
Pierre came up to the table, grabbed the closest chair, and sat near Stan.
“Any success in today’s meeting?” he asked. “I gather you’ve been quite busy.”    
“Actually, there was,” Stan said. “You know me. I can’t breathe without success.”     
“Too much effort for such a trivial thing. Don’t you regret that your life is passing you by while you devote so much time to achieving success?” 
“I think that the purpose in one’s life must be a success. Only those with success can experience life to the fullest.”
 “Life is a pleasant and senseless experience.” Pierre smiled. “There is no purpose in life for an individual or society. There might be some purpose in art, though. After all, the arts are supposed to reveal the beauty of God’s creation. That’s why I think any effort that isn’t the result of inspiration is absolutely senseless. Success is fine, of course, as long as it doesn’t take too much effort to achieve it.”
“Your world is very small, Pierre. You don’t know what success is—I mean, real success. When you achieve your goal and the money starts pouring in, your head starts spinning like you’re on narcotics. You feel elated. The whole of life around you transforms into a sweet aroma flowing through your heart, lungs, brain, and muscles. It’s worth any effort.”
Stan looked at Pierre, but directed his words to Martha. And Martha listened in a way he liked a lot—with wide eyes, admiration, and tenderness.
 “I have to attend to other guests.” Pierre rose and gave a brief glance to Martha. “Enjoy your life. All are yours here.” 
He left and joined a small group of musicians arranging their instruments on the grass in the corner of the backyard. Immediately, a lively conversation erupted at the table. Katherine, the blond in the short skirt, placed one beautiful leg of hers over the other in such a manner that the cloth couldn’t cover them. It pushed Bruce into an endless stream of flattery and insane smiles. Katherine laughed appreciatively, throwing her head and shoulders back, making sure that Bruce saw her appealing cleavage. 
Martha was more restrained. She pointed her large, dark, and dreamy eyes at Stan. 
“How long have you known Pierre?” she asked.
But her stare asked much more. 
“Who are you?” was her silent question. “Why should I like you? Do you like me?” 
Stan understood. 
“It would be too trivial and mediocre to say that you’re very beautiful,” he said, as if he didn’t hear her question. “No doubt you have heard that many times over. Nonetheless, I should say it. Can’t help it.”
He kept looking into her large eyes with a strange feeling that he would drown in them. Martha didn’t smile. She studied his face with an investigative look, as if he was a felon under suspicion. 
From their corner of the yard, musicians began to play the blues. A few people got up to dance. 
“Do you wish to dance with me?” Martha asked. 
Stan nodded and got up. She placed her right hand on his shoulder and leaned into him with the light and gracious move of a professional dancer, but much closer than necessary for dancing. 
“You were talking about success,” she said and her eyes became languid. “I like the way you talk. You look like someone who has success in his life. Who are you?”
“I’m the president of Paradise and Bolton Construction Company. Have you heard of that?”
“No. I know nothing about the world of business. I’m an actress,” she said with intonations of pride in her voice. “Is it a big company?”
“Rather, I guess. Actual numbers don’t tell you much.”
“I don’t need actual numbers.” She moved her lips closer. “Your look tells me more than actual numbers.” 
She was as light as a feather in his hands, moving without any effort, as if she didn’t have any weight, defying the laws of gravity. She kept staring at him, moving her long eyelashes from his eyes to his lips and back in a slow but very exciting manner. 
Stan suddenly realized that he was losing control of himself. Martha shifted her eyes sideways, keeping them wide open, as if embarrassed and submissive. Stan wanted to kiss her right away, but this devil in women’s clothing understood his intention as soon as his right hand around her waist began to flex. She clung to him with her hips and moved her lips to his ear. 
“Not that quick,” she whispered. “We have plenty of time. Don’t we?” 
“Oh, yes,” Stan said, without giving any thought to his answer. 
He remembered he had promised Victoria that he would only stay out for a couple of hours. He looked around and caught the watchful eyes of Cynthia. She turned to face her husband in a jerky movement and began talking to him. 
The dusk was descending upon the backyard. Someone lit a lot of candles and placed them around in artistic disorder; they were on tables, on the grass, and hung on trees. Musicians were playing blues and tango, giving dancing couples an opportunity to touch each other, dancing cheek to cheek, with occasional kisses inspired by wine and splashes of lust. 
Stan and Martha had been holding each other from one dance to another, talking about meaningless things and exchanging meaningful glances.
“Can we meet sometimes next week?” Stan asked. “I can’t wait any longer.”
 “I know nothing about you,” Martha said. “Tell me the most interesting details.”
“I’m thirty-five years old, president of a large corporation, as you already know, but this is just the beginning of my career. What else do you wish to know?”
“Married? Any kids?”
“Married. One kid, a girl eight years old.”
“Hmm.”
“What about you, Martha?”
“I’m twenty-six, single, and free as a bird. I’m an actress. You already know this. Acting is my profession and my way of life.”
“And you have many admirers, I gather.” 
“Plenty. Do you love your wife?”
“I thought so until tonight when I met you. Believe me, it’s the truth.”
“It doesn’t matter to me.” 
She slipped out of his arms like a snake, crossed the backyard, and disappeared into the house. Stan caught up with her in the dark and empty family room. Nobody was there. She stopped abruptly, turned to him, threw herself into his arms, wound her arms around his neck, and captured his soul and flesh in a long and sweet kiss. Time ceased to exist for Stan. He squeezed and pulled her about in an almost insane flurry of desire, as if she was the first woman in his life, a perfect match for his adolescent dreams coming true. His arm moved to the cut in her gown, feeling the soft and tender skin of her leg. 
“We shall go back,” she said, her voice low and cracking. 
She pushed him away gently, but firmly, and stepped back. 
Stan slowly returned to the backyard. The party was going in full swing. The musicians had stopped playing since nobody was dancing. A loud, almost rowdy conversation replaced the music. Bruce stood alone, holding a glass of wine. Stan joined him and filled another glass.
 “How is everything?” he asked.
 “My wife called,” Bruce said. 
“What? You must be kidding! How did she know Pierre’s phone number? Oh, I see. Cynthia called my wife and told her what was happening. I’m pretty sure that your wife is at my place. What did she say to you?”
“Go home at once. She is furious.” 
Bruce took another gulp of red wine. Stan had never seen him that drunk and defiant. He was apparently preparing to stage a revolution of civil disobedience against his wife.  
In the middle of the backyard, people were setting up a place for the concert Pierre had promised. Katherine, the blond beauty, was among those making preparations. As she bent forward to pick something up from the ground, her short skirt revealed the upper part of her legs from behind. Bruce took another nervous gulp of red wine. 
 “To hell with her,” Bruce said. 
Stan knew he mean his wife. 
“After all, one has a full right to relax. What do you think, Stan?”
“Absolutely. It stands to reason, especially with a blond. The best type of relaxation.”
“Dear guests,” Pierre said into a microphone, interrupting their conversation. “As promised, we will now begin the concert. Here is gorgeous Martha. Enjoy her songs!”  
Martha took a guitar and began to sing a romantic song, looking only at Stan. What a voice she had—soft, clear, and charming—wrapping up the whole audience in the sweet ambience of love and relaxation. And then she danced, again looking mostly at Stan. When she finished, giving up the stage to the next performer, she sat near Stan.
 “Did you like it?” she asked.
“Yes, I did. Wonderful! You’re a great entertainer!” 
She placed her soft and warm palm on his hand and smiled gratefully. 
“Thanks. I know that I’m not. But thanks anyway.”
Stan knew what she meant. True, she was a good singer and dancer. For a small audience like this, she might be considered a wonderful entertainer. But for a big stage, for really large crowds, her talent just wasn’t sufficient. There is a big difference between a very good entertainer and an excellent one. Most entertainers found it impossible to make the leap into the league of stars. Martha would definitely never be a star. However, she was very sweet. Something in her manner and behaviour attracted attention like a magnet. 
“Would you mind giving me your phone number?” Stan asked.
“Write it down.”
“No need. I’ll remember.”
“OK. I’ll give you my home number. It won’t be that easy, however, to catch me in the theatre.”
He got home after midnight. The lamps inside the house shed a faint light, just barely enough to see the way upstairs to the bedroom. It was silent except the feeble rustle of his steps. He went into the bedroom and began taking his clothes off, trying to make as little noise as possible. Victoria slept on the right side of the bed with her back to him. He carefully touched the bed and lay down. The house plunged into silence.
“Had a good time?” Victoria suddenly asked. Her voice had no trace of sleep. His stomach contracted in a spasmodic leap.
“Yes,” he said after a moment of hesitation. 
Victoria rolled over to face him. Stan thought for a moment that she wanted to kiss him, but he was wrong. She sniffed him like a dog, and then turned over to the other side.
“Yes indeed,” she said. “Nice smell. At least she uses good perfume.” 
Stan didn’t respond. He knew that Victoria wasn’t stupid. It would be wise to say something, but he didn’t know what.
“Look, Vicky . . .” 
“It’s too late now,” she said. “Besides, you know any explanation will be foolish. You’d better have a good sleep and think about it tomorrow with a fresh mind. You have to get up early. Good night, dear.”
There was a subtle air of contempt in her tone, as if she wanted to remind him of the distance between them back when they first met each other. 
Stan’s mother had been a teacher and his father an engineer. They might have been a well-to-do middle-class family, if not for his father who had tried different businesses with remarkable perseverance and devastating results. He wanted to be rich and powerful, but nothing had ever happened as a result of his efforts. The family always had lived in debt, in a shabby townhouse, hardly making ends meet. Stan inherited his father’s drive for success and power, and was determined to find the way to riches. During his third year of university, his parents died. In this sense his fate was similar to Pierre’s, whose parents also had died in their late forties, but in their case, in a car accident. 
The difference was that Pierre didn’t inherit any drive for success; instead, he had inherited a big house on a spacious lot and about $100,000 to live on. The money had disappeared fast.
Stan hadn’t put much effort into getting good marks at university. It wasn’t worth the trouble and time, since life provided plenty of opportunities for those who looked for them, he used to say. He was a rather adventurous and rough guy, excelled in different sports. It had taken him only two years to get a black belt in karate, but he soon realized that tennis would be a much more useful skill for social encounters. Throughout university, Pierre had remained his friend, much to the great puzzlement to those who knew them. Pierre was an artist, a sophisticated and refined aesthete devoting most of his time to the arts and the rest to women and social gatherings. He didn’t like sports, never made plans for his life, and didn’t believe that anything could be contemplated and achieved. 
When Stan wanted something, he went after his goal with full force, vigour, and passion. Greedy for success, impatient, without reservations, and quick to understand people, he found efficient ways to deal with those of interest and importance. This skill helped him immeasurably on that memorable day when Pierre took him along to the very expensive private tennis club that one of his numerous girlfriends had invited him to. 
“My new bunny is the daughter of one of its members,” he told Stan. “She invited me to play with her today. By the way, I told her that I have a friend, and she asked me to fetch you. Will you come? Could be an opportunity for you. Who knows?”
A good thought, Stan had concluded. At the club, he immediately recognized it as a place of affluent people. 
“You see that girl?” Pierre pointed to a blond with calm blue eyes, not tall, but nicely built, rather cold and confident. She wasn’t very pretty, but nevertheless good looking, with the charms and colours of youth.
“Yes. What’s special about her?”
 “Her father owns a huge corporation.” 
Stan nodded but said nothing, as if it was of no interest to him. 
 “Her mother is very particular about good manners,” Pierre said, “Although this girl might be the chance of a lifetime.” 
 “I’m not a stranger to good manners,” Stan responded, a bit irritated. “What are you smiling at? You knew my mother and father. They were educated people.”
Pierre’s girlfriend introduced Stan to the girl. 
 “Victoria,” she said presenting herself, nodding with cool politeness, but not offering a handshake. She seemed to recognize at once that Stan was a stranger, from the much lower strata of society.          
“Do you want to play with me?” Stan asked. 
“Why not?” she replied, making no gesture and showing no trace of emotion.
 “Be careful, Stan.” Pierre’s girlfriend winked. “She’s no match for anyone.”
Stan had found Victoria an excellent tennis player. Her skill was obviously the result of many years of training, practice, and genuine aptitude for the sport. However, Stan was a much better player, which took her by surprise. No matter what she tried, Stan was better at this. He felt elevated beating this snobbish girl from a wealthy family.
 “I didn’t expect you to be that good at tennis,” she said after the game, wiping sweat off her forehead.
“Try me at anything else. I’ll surprise you again.”
 “Why should you?” 
 “Because I liked you at first sight.” 
 “It’s too fast.” However, she glanced at him with apparent interest and curiosity. 
 “That’s how these things happen. Too fast, when you never expect them.”
And things did happen fast. She’d invited Stan to the club for tennis a few times thereafter and then agreed to go out on Saturday night. Stan came to her place to pick her up, and she introduced him to her parents. That evening her father and mother were going to a big party. They didn’t pay much attention to Stan. Her mother threw a contemptuous glance at him and gave him a quick nod.
 “We’ll be late, darling,” her mother said as they left. 
The huge house plunged into silence as the door closed behind them.
 “Nice house. I’ve never seen such an opulent one,” Stan said. He looked around with resentment and amazement. He wanted to have a house like this.
 “I can show you around,” Victoria said.
 “Good idea.” 
Victoria led him from one room to another on the ground floor, then upstairs through the hall. 
 “That’s where I sleep,” she said, stepping into her bedroom. 
Stan viewed it. There were a big bed, sofa, and a small table with a mirror. Heavy dark curtains almost completely covered a huge window, creating intriguing and intimate semi-darkness. The colors of the draperies, walls, furniture, and decorations had been put together to create a harmony of half-tones, a subtle play of colours intended to inspire a mood of quiet happiness, peace of mind, joy of life, and a sound and relaxing sleep. 
Victoria pressed a button and the curtains moved apart to reveal a window almost the size of the wall, looking out upon a swimming pool. She stood motionless, staring at the backyard and crossing her arms under her breasts. Stan sensed that the moment was ripe. He grasped her firmly and after a few kisses began to take her clothes off—impatiently, but with firm hands. Victoria tried to resist, but somewhat hesitatingly, indecisive, not uttering a protesting sound. He took her by force, almost raped her, and she liked it a lot.
She was not a virgin, but Stan figured she didn’t have much experience either—maybe one or two lovers, nice and polite guys from well-to-do families—the kind of guys who talk a lot about love, with plenty of courtship, followed by verbal or silent content, foreplay, and unremarkable intercourse. With him it was wildly exciting. He was almost a stranger. He didn’t ask her consent. He was very strong, impulsive, and capable of a strenuous sexual marathon. Stan didn’t ask her what she liked or preferred while making love. He just played with her like a toy, making her feel like a small, helpless doll in his strong arms. And she enjoyed it. When he left her that evening, she was so exhausted she couldn’t see him off at the door, tired and happy. At the threshold he turned around and saw she had fallen asleep. 
Two months later they were engaged. Victoria told him later how it went when she dropped the news to her parents during dinner.
“You know, I’m going to marry Stan,” Victoria had announced over dinner.
The sound of her mother’s falling fork had rung through the room with a metallic clang. 
 “What?” she had asked. 
This was the first time in Victoria’s memory that her mother had uttered a sound through food in her mouth. Her eyes filled with horror, as if she had found a live lion behind the table. Her father remained calm and silent, although he also stopped eating and sat as straight as a soldier in front of a general, looking at Victoria without a blink. At last her mother managed to swallow a mouthful of food and took a few gulps of water.
 “Who are his parents?” she had asked at last. 
 “They’re educated people. His mother was a teacher and his father was an engineer. Other than that, there is nothing that you would like about Stan and his parents, Mom. They are dead anyway. But I love him and I don’t want anyone else.”
“His manners . . .” Her mother almost fainted.
 “Hold on, hold on,” her father interfered. “You can’t substitute love for good manners.” 
Victoria told Stan that she had never expected her father to say this. 
 “Who is he anyway?” her father had then asked. “We know nothing about him. You’ve never said anything.”
 “He’s an engineer, very ambitions and clever. Very clever.”
 “That is good.” 
Her mother had pulled together her remaining energy, stood up, and rubbed her temples with both hands as she left the dining room.
 “Bring him here, I want to talk to him,” her father had said. “After all, he might be a good help to me. Anyway, my daughter, whoever he is, be happy with your choice. There is nothing in the world that compares with love.” 
Soon after the wedding, Stan began working in her father’s company. Victoria was right. He proved to be very clever, with a lot of energy, dedication, and wits. There were times when he worked months and months for fourteen hours a day, including weekends and holidays. Nothing but results mattered to him. By the time he was thirty-two, Victoria’s father made Stan the president of the company, which turned out to be a good choice. Stan made many smart moves with a few acquisitions and expansion of the company operations into manufacturing and wholesale. His ability to cut expenses was amazing. He always knew where the problem was and how to solve it. Even Victoria’s mother eventually accepted him, although it was in her own cold way. And now, at the age of thirty-five, being president of a large corporation, Stan felt on the top of the world. 
There is nothing wrong with a nice, short romance, he reasoned the morning after Pierre’s party. It would just be a matter of being careful, in order not to jeopardize my relationship with Victoria. What the hell is wrong with that? After all, I’m still young.” 
It was about ten o’clock when he called Martha. She didn’t pick up the phone. Instead, her recorded voice asked him to leave a message. He did, asking her to call him. Stan recalled a few moments from yesterday’s party and smiled. This affair could be nice and exciting, indeed. This girl had incredible charms. 
However, to his surprise Martha didn’t call him back that day. She didn’t call the next day either. Finally, when he called her at about one o’clock in the afternoon of the third day she answered the phone.
 “Hi. This is Stan.” 
He was sure that his name would have a certain effect on this girl. It actually did, but not to the extent he had expected. 
 “Oh, you,” she said with some intonation of joy, but in a very sleepy voice. “How are you?” 
 “I’m dying to meet you. I called you at eleven, but nobody answered the phone. Where have you been?”
 “At home. I was sleeping.”
 “Sleeping? At eleven?”
 “Of course. I went to bed at four o’clock in the morning.”
 “Really? Must have been quite a good party. Anyway, can we meet today?”
 “Of course. Come to my place.” She gave him the address of one of the tall apartment buildings in downtown Toronto.
 “When can I come?”
 “Any time. Better in the evening.”
 “Well, evenings are not the best time for me. Can we meet sooner?”
 “Oh, I see. Well, come whenever you like. “
Stan arrived at about two o’clock. Martha opened the door at once and immediately gave him the gift of her smile, making a wide inviting gesture.
 “Oh, dear. Please come in.” 
Stan stepped in and to his surprise found a man sitting at the table. He was about thirty years old, rather handsome, with a peculiar expression of curiosity in everything around him. 
 “This is Stan, Robert. He’s a friend of mine,” she said before stretching her left hand at the man at the table. “And this is Robert, my friend from the theatre.” 
Stan smiled politely and nodded. At first, Robert looked at Stan with superior indifference and then with the intense and hateful attention of a very jealous competitor. 
Another hopeless victim of Martha, Stan thought.
Indeed, Stan was everything Robert was not—self-assured, strong, and wealthy. His manners and appearance radiated success and power. Robert was poorly dressed; cheap sandals on dirty feet, a worn out shirt discolored through numerous washings, jean shorts of second-hand store quality, and a plastic wristwatch. 
 “Are you an actor?” Stan looked at Robert. 
 “Yes, I am, and you?”
 “I’m not an actor.” Stan smiled. “Far from it. I’m a businessman. What theatre do you work at?”
Robert shrugged his shoulders.
 “I have different arrangements,” he said evasively. 
 “Well,” Martha interfered. “It was nice of you to drop by, Robert. It was really nice.”
 “OK.” Robert stood up. “I’ve got a lot of things to do.” He gave Stan a sharp and menacing look.
 “We’ll meet tonight at the theatre,” Martha said. “OK, Rob?”
 “OK.” Robert left, not looking back. 
 “Rob’s very upset,” Martha said, locking the door after him. 
 “He’s rather poor.” 
 “Actors aren’t paid much, Stan. Actors are either famous and rich, or unknown and poor. Very seldom is there something in between.”
 “Why isn’t he looking for another job?” 
 “He doesn’t work in the theatre right now. He works as a frog at Wonderland. They pay him seven dollars an hour.”
 “What? Send him to me. May be I’ll be able to find him a better paying job.” 
“He can’t live without acting.” Martha raised her eyebrows. “He’s an actor in his heart and can’t breathe without theatre, crowds of actors, and everything else that goes along with show biz. You think he isn’t able to do something else? He could. He was studying business administration at university, but dropped out to devote his life to acting. The fact that he isn’t successful doesn’t influence his way of thinking. Believe it or not, he’s very, very talented. He will find his way. I’m sure of it. I wish I had that much talent. Enough of him, though. Let me get a bottle of wine.” 
She got up and took a few steps toward the kitchen, but Stan blocked her path and firmly took her in his arms. Martha leaned back and smiled. 
 “How sweet you are,” Stan whispered, with his heart pounding. Martha gave him a long and sensual kiss and whispered into his ear, “Let me go. You will have plenty of me today.” 
She escaped his arms and went to the bedroom. Stan followed her. She went to the window and, looking at the street, began to undress. 
Everything she did was seemingly simple, but artistic and very exciting. As at the backyard party, she was constantly changing, even in the most intimate moments. She was submissive, like a small and obedient girl and experienced, like a broad. She groaned, moaned and whispered obscenities. She was tireless in the game of love—playful, joyous and gentle. Stan’s desire for this woman was insatiable. Exhausted and happy, he laid in her arms, silent and motionless, absorbed in his egocentric feeling of pleasure. 
 “Love is a unique state of mind and body,” he said. “It doesn’t have envy for other people’s feelings.”
 “What do you mean?”
 “When people love each other, it doesn’t matter to them if someone’s feelings are stronger than theirs, or if they are happier in love or not. People are jealous of each other’s success, like money, fame and other things. But they aren’t jealous of the ultimate happiness that can be achieved in love. Weird.”
 “How long did it take you to come to this conclusion?”
 “The last two hours.”
 “Yeah, but people are madly jealous of the other’s success with their object of love.”
 “This is true. By the way, this Robert, it seems to me that he is painfully in love with you.”
 “It’s not hard to notice,” Martha smiled. “Why do you care?”
 “Just observation. Poor fellow. He has no chance with you.”
 “Why do you think that?” Martha asked, with her eyes closed, in a low and tired voice.
 “Because he’s as poor as a church mouse. Women like only successful men.”
 “As with any generalization, you’re wrong. Believe me, there are men who have devastating success with women without spending a penny on them. Surprise, surprise, isn’t it?”
 “Yes, it is. Tell me, will he stand a chance to have success with you?”
 “Guess what?” Martha said immediately giving an answer. “Yes, he had, before I met you. As a matter of fact, a very good chance.”
 “I can’t believe it.” Stan rose up on an elbow. “The guy earning seven dollars an hour can have you? What’s so special about him?”  
 “The main thing is that he’s gifted. Not many people have a talent like his. And he’s handsome. Did you notice that?”     
 “Talent. I have a talent too. I’m in charge of a very large business. That takes much more talent than acting on a stage.”     
 “You’re wrong again.” Martha sighed. “There are millions of corporations with talented executives. But there aren’t that many people with true artistic talent. Creative talent is a gift from God. It’s rare. It impresses everyone. That’s why artistic talent lives longer than the person who has it. It’s God’s gift and it belongs to people. It lives in books, movies, biographies, and people’s memories. Tell me, how many executives of the past do people remember? The work of how many of them has been discussed at the dinner table?” 
Stan was overwhelmed with the rage of jealousy.
 “He has a chance with you? He has a chance?” he repeated, shaking his head. “Then why did I have a better chance?”
Martha smiled and petted his face with her soft and tender palm.
 “Calm down, my dear. You have your own virtues. Let me entertain you a bit. Don’t be jealous. Robert’s time has not come yet.” 
 “Yet,” he grumbled. 
She got up, plugged in a CD, picked up a towel from the floor and began to dance. And what a dance it was! She moved gracefully, using a towel for teasing rather than for covering her naked body. The music changed and she started belly dancing, which was very teasing. She definitely had a good dancing school. Her performance was professional. 
After the dance she turned the music off, picked up her guitar and sang for him, moving her hips in a teasing sway while smiling naughtily.
“How was it?” she asked placing the guitar on the floor.
 “Very enjoyable. I wish it could last forever.”
 “That would be hard for you. You’re pretty busy with your duties. You have already been here for three hours. Don’t you think that your absence is rather conspicuous?”
 “Good Lord. You’re right. Time flies. You’re so sweet.”
He dressed in a hurry.
 “We will be in touch. OK?” he said.
Martha gave him one of her sweet smiles and unlocked the door.

Other encounters followed, with the same or greater excitement and joy. Stan felt elated, as if he received a shot of extra strong dope. Usually smart and efficient at work, he became lightning fast and razor sharp at making decisions and ruling the company. Martha’s image stayed with him, sometimes distracting his attention, but mostly helping to boost his energy and ambitions. He tried to meet her during the day, but this interfered with his corporate life. They met in the evening, which was also inconvenient. Stan had a family and Martha had her theatre with its usual nightlife. 
Stan soon realized that the affair with Martha was not shaping up the way he thought it would. He intended only to have a few pleasant encounters with her in his spare time, the moderate and sweet excitement of secret meetings, and finally an easy mutual departure, after they had explored all possible pleasures. This type of casual passion didn’t usually last long. It peaked at the first encounter and the strength of feelings then steadily decreased until icy indifference took their place. 
It wasn’t the case this time. His passion for Martha became an addiction. The more he had her, the more he wanted her. After each meeting he immediately began thinking about the next one, realizing at the same time that this state of affairs couldn’t last forever. Martha was a beauty—young, adventurous, and flighty She wouldn’t be interested in secret sex sessions for a long time. 
His family life held clouds as well. Victoria began looking at him with ominous attention, making him feel guilty and concerned. 
Once Stan returned from a meeting with Martha at eight o’clock in the evening to find Victoria sitting in the drawing room with a book in her hands.
 “I was waiting for you,” she said. “I didn’t have dinner yet. I thought it would be nice to have it together tonight. After all, your daughter and I haven’t seen you for quite a while.”
 “Yes, indeed, that’s nice of you, Vicky. Pity that I’m so busy lately.” 
He followed Victoria to the dining room where the table was beautifully set. She was taking care of the food herself. His daughter sat happy and noisy at the other end of the table, which helped him to maintain a lively conversation with the family and yet think about Martha. 
I’ll invite her to Paris, to break the routine, Stan thought. There’s some business to do there, not urgent, but who cares? I can make it urgent.
 “Why are you so busy, Stan?” Victoria handed him a plate of chicken. 
 “Business is picking up, dear,” Stan remarked casually, as he forked a piece of chicken onto his plate. Something in her tone made him alert, though, so he looked up at her.
 “You’ve become somewhat . . . somewhat indifferent, Stan. Has something happened?” 
Stan gave her a brief look and turned his complete attention to his dish.
 “Not at all, dear,” he said. 
During the silence that followed Stan began to think about details of his future trip to Paris.
 “By the way, Stan, you haven’t been on vacation for quite a while. Maybe we’ll go somewhere for a week or so?” 
 “It’s a good idea, Vicky, but I have to go to Europe for a few days.”
 “Can I go with you?”
 “Oh, no. I’ll have to be in a few different cities, spending a day or two in each one. It would be only a hassle for you to constantly pack and unpack your belongings. Wait until I come back, and then we can go away somewhere together.”
 “As you wish.” Victoria sighed. She looked very unhappy. 
 “Really, Vicky, I’ll have a very busy schedule in Paris.”
 “I love you, Stan. When you’re away, remember that I love you.” 
Stan suddenly had a nasty feeling that Victoria’s mood couldn’t be explained by her intuition and suspicion. She spoke as if she knew for sure something significant and upsetting. But how could she possibly know about Martha? Nonsense, he told himself. This is just a bad mood and woman’s intuition. Not good, but still bearable.
He called Martha a few days later at eleven o’clock in the morning, knowing she would be in bed. She picked up the phone after a few rings and said in a very sleepy voice filled with notes of displeasure and irritation.
 “Hello.”
 “It’s me, Martha. Sorry for waking you up, but I have an excuse.” 
 “What is it? What could possibly excuse you for waking up an actress at eleven o’clock in the morning?” She sounded a bit softer and receptive.
 “I have something to tell you, which might be very pleasing.”
 “Shoot.”
 “Not over the phone. Besides, I have a nice present for you.”
 “Come here then. What’s the present?”
 “This time you’d better come to my place.” 
Stan listened to the silence over the phone and then broke in.
 “Hello, Martha. Did you hear me?”
 “Yes, I did. Your wife has gone somewhere? Nobody at home at your place?”
 “No, not that. I took a suite at Four Seasons on Avenue Road. Very nice place. I figured it would be a nice change. Your apartment is always being attacked by phone calls and unexpected visitors.”
 “Today isn’t convenient for me. It’s Friday. A lot of things are going on today.”
 “Martha, please. Just for a few hours. You won’t be disappointed. I have something nice to say to you— trust me. At three o’clock, OK?”
 “OK, two hours. No more.” 
It was a very hot and humid summer day. Martha came to the opulent hotel room dressed like a schoolgirl for a beach party. She wore high-heeled, but very simple sandals, a short gown revealing nice legs, the soft cleavage of her beautiful breasts, and slightly suntanned arms and shoulders. No sophisticated hair accessories, no jewelry, no makeup. And yet she was so seductive and desirable that Stan immediately took her in his arms, as if he had not seen her for months. The material of her gown was light and soft, showing all the curves of her elastic body. He wanted to have her at once and Martha understood that right away.
 “This is too quick for me,” she said, gently pushing him away. “Let me cool off a bit, it’s so hot outside.” 
She looked around. An appreciative smile appeared on her face. The suite was very nice indeed. Stan knew what he was doing. Martha sat on the armchair, and revealing the full length of her legs, she crossed them in a deliberately slow and provocative move. 
 “I want to rape you,” Stan said. 
Martha uttered a short laugh.
 “Oh—is this the something nice that you promised to tell me?” She clenched her arms behind her neck, bent her waist and moved shoulders back, showing him the swelling shape of her breasts.
 “No.” Stan’s eyes shifted hungrily up and down her body. 
 “What is it?” 
 “Have you ever been to Paris?” 
 “No. Never been. Why?”
 “I have a business trip there. Would you like to join me?” 
Stan expected a burst of joy, but Martha was rather restrained.
 “Not a bad idea. When do you want to go? I’ll have to make arrangements at the theatre.”
 “In four days.” 
Stan caught himself feeling afraid that she might refuse to go. 
 “I think it will be okay,” she said after a moment of hesitation. “I’ll confirm it tomorrow. Call me in the afternoon.”
 “I’ve already bought tickets for the two of us. We’ll stay in one of the best private hotels in Paris. You’ll like it.”
 “Are you going to be at meetings there during the day?” 
 “Yes. Why do you ask?”
 “Because I’ll be lonely all day until you come back. Don’t you think this is rather boring?”
Stan didn’t expect such an observation.
 “Paris is a very interesting city,” he said. “Just walking around is great fun. But don’t worry. I won’t be too busy. We’ll have plenty of time to enjoy Paris. By the way, Martha, I’d like to give you a present.”
 “Really? What kind of present?”
 “That is a problem. I don’t know what kind of present would be perfect for you. I think I found a simple solution.” He pulled a large packet of money from the pocket of his suit jacket and placed it in on a table. “You can pick what you like for yourself.” 
 “Well, that's a bit unusual but . . .” At last she smiled encouragingly. “But it’s OK. Thanks, Stan.”
Stan took her arm and pulled her off the chair.
 “And now I can rape you,” he said, stretching his hands. 
Martha didn’t resist. 
Stan didn’t have much to do in Paris on company business. He was at meetings in the mornings, but Martha slept until eleven or twelve o’clock, as was her habit, which was very convenient for his schedule. He would come to the hotel when Martha was getting dressed up and preparing to conquer Paris. 
They strolled a lot on the Parisian streets. It was early autumn when the air in the city of romance was crisp and warm, but not hot. The sky was pale blue with a few small clouds scattered around. The tide of tourists had already subsided, giving the streets some rest from the busy summer. They walked along Sienna River, where young students, lying on wrought iron benches were kissing each other in the careless passion of youth, hungry for sex, love, and all of adult life’s adventures. They visited Montmartre, watching the artists painting their pictures or drawing faces of rich tourists for a small fee. 
The whole of Paris was charming these days. It looked as if it had descended from the pictures of the Impressionists, painted with the golden beauty of fading nature, giving the last splash of its splendour before plunging deep into the colourless and depressing winter. In the evenings, when the darkness took over the sky, the numerous lights of this glorious city sprang to life.
Martha fell under the charms of Paris. She was in a quiet, reflective mood, very tender and submissive. She liked to sit in one of the cafés on the Champs-Élysées, watching the endless stream of people going by, or street artists playing tricks with passersby, and cars stopping traffic and making people laugh, or young couples holding each other and pausing sometimes for a long and maddening kiss. 
On the last day of their stay Stan decided to take Martha to one of the most expensive restaurants in Paris. When he came to the hotel, Martha was on the phone. She quickly interrupted her conversation and hung up.
 “What are our plans today?” she asked. Stan noticed a trace of embarrassment on her face.
 “We are going to a very nice restaurant. I’m sure you will remember it for a long time. We don’t have anything like it in Toronto. By the way, whom have you been talking with?”
 “Robert,” she said after a moment of hesitation. “Why?”
 “Robert?” Stan repeated, and the wave of jealousy struck his whole body. “Why would you speak with Robert?”
 “He recently got a job in our theatre. Mind you, I’ve known him much longer than you. There is nothing wrong with it.”
 “But still—”
 “We’re an artistic crowd. There’s nothing that you can do about that. What restaurant do you want to take me to?”
 “It’ll be a surprise. Let’s go.”
The restaurant was indeed something worth remembering. Every tiny bit expressed the taste and beauty that only big money could afford. Martha looked around, showing her appreciation with one of her intimate smiles.
 “Crazy place,” she remarked. “Each dish must cost a fortune here. I’m guessing the price of our bill would be enough to feed a couple of poor actors for the whole month.”
“Actors like Robert?” Stan asked. 
 “Yes, if you will.”
 “True, but I don’t care. This is a company expense. Only executives can afford to dine here. Even fairly rich people would have a second thought about dinner here. This is the kind of lifestyle that you’ll have with me.” 
Contrary to his expectation Martha showed no appreciation.    
 “By the way, I have a chance to take part in a movie production,” she said. “Robert said the film director wants me to sing a Spanish song in one of the scenes.”
 “Where is it?”
 “In New York. But he wants to sleep with me. He’s rather old.”
 “Would you consider it?”
 “Yes.”
 “What?”
It was too loud. A few people at the neighbouring tables looked at him with contemptuous disapproval.
 “It’s the world of show biz, sweetie,” she said. “It’s almost impossible for an actress to start another way. Even with remarkable talent.”
 “But you’ve said you love me. How could you possibly consider such a preposterous offer?”
 “Does it mean that you don’t love me?”
 “No. It means that I never said that I love you. That’s all.”
 “Do you love me?”
 “I don’t know.” 
This was beyond his comprehension. He never thought that a young woman of his choice might not love him. 
 “Don’t accept his offer,” Stan said in a commanding voice.
 “It could be a once in a lifetime opportunity.”
“I will give you a wonderful life.”
 “What kind of life?”
 “We will go to different places. We will eat at the nicest restaurants in the world.”  
 “You don’t understand something, Stan. I am an actress. You’re offering me a very boring life. I’ve gotten used to a merry and interesting artistic crowd, lots of parties, flirting and interesting conversations. My dream is to act in a good theatre or in the movies. I want to live a bohemian life. There is no other way that suits me. Expensive restaurants? I don’t need much food, no matter how tasty it is. I’m still very young. I believe there’ll be many interesting things in my life, many adventures and exciting events. A night in an expensive Parisian restaurant isn’t worth that much to me.”   
 “Do you love me?” he asked again.
 “Yes, I do, in a sense,” she said slowly, as if in a doubt. “You didn’t get my point, though. There are many young, rich guys out there that would die to have me. But, I am still a poor and independent actress. This lifestyle is my choice. You offer me a very boring life.”
Stan sat silent for a few minutes, trying to comprehend what she’d just said. By his way of thinking, his personality must impress everyone, and more so a young and poor girl. He was still young, and rather handsome. He was a top-ranking executive with a lot of money, power, and as one could argue, had a very interesting and exciting life. He had all the expensive toys associated with this lifestyle. In the past he had a few extramarital affairs with girls. They all had occurred during his business trips, far away from home and wife. He had never come across any resistance. His money, manners, and appearance had blown their minds. But for this girl he didn’t appear as one of a kind. To her, he was one of many whom she could accept or reject without giving it a second thought, despite his fine qualities and fortunes. 
Stan looked at Martha hoping to see any indication that his thoughts were wrong. She noticed his frustration and smiled indifferently, as if she didn’t care what effect her words had. He suddenly realized that this woman had tremendous power over him, while he had none over her. The very thought that she might sleep with someone else made his brain boil. His feelings for her could not be called love. It was obsession, madness, a psychobiological abnormality that brought him to the world of fantasy, joy, and excruciating pain.       
 “I’ll think about that,” he said. “Maybe I can do something to make your life exciting. Usually, if I want something, I get it.”
  
Stan returned home on the afternoon of the next day. Victoria met him at the door with an unnatural, forced smile. He bent to kiss her. But instead of giving him her lips as she usually did, she coldly turned a cheek. 
 “Is everything OK, darling?” Stan asked as he went on upstairs to take shower. He received no reply.
When he returned downstairs, dinner was already on the table. Victoria had arranged their seats across from each other and listened with interest to Stan’s dull accounts of Paris and how busy he was, and about Berlin and London, as if he was still there. She patiently waited until he stopped.
 “You’ve changed lately, Stan,” she said with a note of disapproval.
 “What do you mean?” he asked, trying not to look at her. 
 “You know very well what I mean.”
 “Please, be more specific, Vicky.”
 “Okay, if you will. We haven’t made love for quite a while. You’re very cold with me. You don’t have time for your family.”
 “You know how busy I’ve been lately, Vicky. Let me sort out some urgent matters and everything will be OK.”
 “Good. Let’s forget about it. I have something juicy to tell you.”
 “Oh? What’s up?”
 “Two days ago Sarah caught Bruce with a young girl! Can you believe it?” 
Stan managed to swallow a mouthful of food just in time. An invisible arm squeezed his stomach.
 “Are you serious?” he asked, trying to pretend he was genuinely surprised. Bruce never told him that he was having an affair, but Stan immediately realized that it was the blond he had met at Pierre’s party. 
 “Yes, I swear.” 
Victoria’s watchful eyes captured every detail of Stan’s behaviour. She wasn’t in a rush to tell all the details and let him off the hook.
 “How did she find it out?” asked Stan. “I would never have expected this from him.”
 “Indeed, he was rather a family man. Sarah found it by sheer chance. While driving past the Sheraton Hotel, she noticed his Jaguar in the parking lot. Actually, she was getting suspicious lately. Bruce’s behaviour had changed quite a bit. I’m not surprised. An affair can seldom pass unnoticed. What do you think, Stan?”
She was definitely testing him, and doing so in a very clever and cruel manner. 
 “I think so, although I don’t have relevant experience. I don’t believe that you’ve ever cheated on me so I haven’t had a chance to observe this phenomenon.” 
Victoria smiled and stared at him without a blink. 
 “Anyway, she went into the hotel and found his room. She obviously knocked at the door, and he was foolish enough to open it. Can you imagine what happened?”
 “Not nice. Not nice at all.”
 “Indeed. She wants to divorce him, but he’s devastated. He walks with his tail between his legs and begs her to forgive him.”   
“Poor guy.” 
Stan took control of himself and his appetite returned. He drank a few gulps of wine and prepared himself for the rest of the story.
 “I have no sympathy for him,” Victoria said. “I don’t like liars and cheaters. I believe that one can’t lie for too long. There are always tiny little details that expose the liar. Strangely enough though, liars believe that nobody notices their lies. They believe they are so smart that they can outwit the whole world. In fact, they cheat only themselves. Everyone knows and understands, except the liar. Isn’t it a strange phenomenon, Stan?” 
Stan felt that invisible arm squeezing his stomach again and the sweat was about to break under his armpits. 
 “I have to rest a bit after my trip,” he said, putting his knife and fork on the table. “Thanks for dinner, sweetie. What you’ve told me is very interesting.” 
He rose to his feet and left the dining room under the keen observation of his wife.  
After the trip to Paris, life for Stan didn’t return to business-as-usual. Something had changed in him and the whole world around him. His life began to deteriorate with increasing velocity. Martha didn’t respond to his calls with the same joy as before. She tried to avoid him, complaining about too much work in the theatre, having to attend important parties or saying she just didn’t feel well. 
His desire for this woman reached the state of madness. He wanted her day and night, her smiles, the flutter of her lashes through half-closed eyes in pretence of shyness, her plays, and the sounds of joy, and she cried during their convulsions of love. Her image distracted him from day-to-day activities with the cruelty of a devil. She didn’t inspire him into action as before, didn’t give him a boost of energy and motivation, and didn’t stimulate his brain. He was often losing the thread of discussions at business meetings and didn’t know what to say when someone asked him a question. His family life reached the brink of collapse. Victoria didn’t speak to him anymore. She didn’t make any attempt to clarify their relationship. She looked as if she was mortally ill. Her arms were restless and trembling. Her eyes were a pale red. She put a lot of makeup on her face, but it didn’t disguise much. She had awful breath, the result of a nervous breakdown and indigestion. 
On one of the days Martha refused to meet him, he sat in the family room trying to read a newspaper, but despite his efforts, he was unable to get beyond the first page. His mind painted scenes of Martha enjoying a short and exciting encounter with another man. His suspicion and jealousy brought him to the point where his very existence became intolerable. At ten o’clock, he swallowed a disgusting feeling of wounded pride and picked up the phone. After a few beeps the phone clicked.
 “Hello,” a man’s voice answered.
 “Uh … uh … uh …? Stan uttered. “Is this Martha’s apartment?”
 “Yes it is,” the man said. 
Stan felt his heart pounding his ribs.
 “May I talk to her?”
 “No.”
 “What do you mean ‘no’?” 
Stan had a strange feeling that he’d heard this voice before.
 “She’s taking a shower.” 
This was too much. He flung down the phone and rushed outside to his car.
 “Taking a shower,” he said as he drove to Martha’s apartment. 
His worst suspicions were apparently correct. Taking a shower with a man in her apartment. What was he supposed to do? A married man making a scene over a single young woman? Ridiculous. 
The trip to her apartment took no more than twenty minutes. The traffic had subsided by this time, giving his Porsche enough space to manoeuvre and break more than a few traffic rules. The building where Martha lived was poorly supervised. He snuck in behind a tenant who opened the door with his key, went up to her apartment, and knocked nervously at the door. He hoped to take the lovers unawares and then he couldn’t decide what should happen. The door flung open. Robert stood at the threshold and a young couple sat at the table in the living room. 
 “Sorry,” Stan said, entering in the apartment.
Robert stepped back, unable to suppress the telltale urge to laugh written in his eyes. 
 “Where’s Martha?” 
 “Coming,” she said from the bedroom, quickly rushing into the hallway in a nightgown, her hair wet and hanging in disorder. 
 “You, Stan?” she said in surprise. She didn’t appear in the least alarmed or worried. 
 “I need to tell you something,” he said. “Let’s go to your bedroom for a minute.” 
Martha stepped back and he closed the door behind him. 
 “Are you in your right mind?” Martha asked. “What brings you here this late? What’s wrong with you?”
 “I called you and a man answered the phone.”
 “So what?”
 “I thought—”
 “Listen,” Martha said. “This is rather stupid. Don’t play Othello. You’re a married man. It’s already quite late for you.”
 “Let’s meet and talk tomorrow. I need to talk to you, Martha.”
 “I won’t be in Toronto tomorrow.”
 “Where will you be?”
“In Jamaica. I have a week’s break. And then I’m going to New York.”
“What? Why didn’t you tell me that? What resort are you going to?”
 “Why should you know? You’d be better off to leave me alone, Stan. You’re a married man. I think it’s too much for both of us.”
 “But I’m madly in love with you.”
 “Let’s talk about this when I come back. I need to go to bed early. My guests are leaving soon. Please.” 
She left the bedroom, opened the front door for him and closed it behind him when he left. 
Stan had a man in the company whom he trusted to do oddball tasks. It took the guy two days to find out where Martha went, buy a plane ticket, and book a hotel room for Stan. The departure time was most inconvenient. It was Saturday, and he couldn’t invent any plausible explanation for Victoria. He packed a small bag and went across the living room to where Victoria sat.
“I have to go on urgent matters, Vicky,” he said, looking down at the carpet. “I’ll be back soon.”
 “Stop it, Stan.” Victoria raised her voice. “Stop it at once. It’s gone too far. I can’t tolerate it anymore. I thought you would come to your senses, but it was wishful thinking.”
 “Don’t stand in my way, Vicky,” Stan said. “I’ll do whatever I want.”
 “No, you won’t. Or else—”
 “Whatever. To hell with everything. Don’t stand in my way.”
 “You’re insane, Stan.” This was the first time Victoria shouted back. “Are you indeed so madly in love with this . . . with this—”
 “It’s none of your business. Besides, what do you know about love?”
 “Unfortunately, I know what love is. Very unfortunate.” 
Victoria tried to compose herself, but she burst into tears and fell on the sofa, thrusting her face into the pillows. Stan stood for a few moments, astonished by this outbreak of emotion, and then turned resolutely to the door, went out, jumped into his car, and drove full speed to the airport.     
Jamaica greeted him with excruciating heat, taxi drivers fighting for clients, and bumpy roads. After checking in at the hotel, Stan went to his room, threw his suitcase on the chair, and went back downstairs to the restaurant. It was an unusual structure with no walls or windows. Instead, huge arches and pillars supported a high ceiling, revealing a long sandy beach with herds of almost naked bodies, moving, swimming, and lying about. A bar stood fifty yards away. Its structure was primitive, yet practical—four poles supporting a roof made of palm leaves and a wooden counter joining the poles.
A plump black barman was busy serving piña coladas and other drinks to the flock of lily-white girls.
Stan found a vacant table and took a seat with a view of the beach. He searched for Martha among the joyful crowd, thinking intently about what to do when he found her. He still didn’t have an accurate idea of what to tell Martha, but he hoped that when they met everything would be resolved naturally, and for the better. He tried to wrap his feelings into words and phrases to touch her heart, but his efforts were not very productive. It didn’t go further than “dear Martha” or “my sweetheart,” which was rather stupid, he admitted. 
A man in a wide-brimmed hat, with trembling hands and watery blue eyes, interrupted the flow of his thoughts.
 “May I join you?” he asked in a rather polite manner. 
There was no reason to refuse, although Stan was not looking for any company at this moment. He nodded and the man settled himself at the opposite side of the table, wiping sweat from his face and neck with a huge handkerchief. 
“My name is Allan,” the man said. 
Stan introduced himself and after a few meaningless exchanges got back to his previous occupation, thinking about Martha and looking for her on the beach. A black waiter came to their table and stood still silently, waiting for an order.
 “Cold water to drink,” Stan said. He pointed his finger at the menu, but didn’t care to read what was there.  “Bring me this,” he said. 
The waiter nodded and turned to the man who called himself Allan. 
 “You can’t tolerate this heat, Allan.” Stan looked at him. “Why did you come to Jamaica?”
 “It’s not so much heat as my disease. My nervous system fails me. I swallow medication by the pound, you know.” He pulled out his huge handkerchief again and wiped the sweat. “The doctor said that I have to relax someplace where the pace of life is very slow. Jamaica is probably the slowest. Don’t you think so?” 
Stan shrugged his shoulder. 
 “I’ve no idea. I’ve never been here.” 
 “Do you want something?” the waiter asked Allan.
 “Just a glass of cold water. Make sure that my order doesn’t take an hour.” 
The waiter bowed and left. Stan was trying to think of another gentle name for Martha when all of a sudden he saw her. She walked right up to the bar in a bikini that revealed everything and hid nothing. Beside her was a black guy, tall and muscular, with hair woven into numerous small plaits. His face was ugly, so far as Stan’s taste was concerned. His figure, however, was like a sculptor had chiseled it from black onyx. Every tiny muscle was visible, like an ancient Greek statue. Allan noticed the object that stole Stan’s attention.
 “Nice girl,” he said. “Real nice. I wonder how much success this black guy has with her.”
“Where is this bloody waiter?” Stan asked. “Why doesn’t he bring the water? How long are we going to have to wait for him?”
 “Slow down, Stan. This is your first lesson in Jamaica. Don’t expect water any sooner than a half hour. Your meal will come in at least an hour.”
 “What am I supposed to do in the meantime?” 
Allan responded with a smile and wiped out the next run of sweat. 
 “Anything. Go and swim. Drink something at the bar. Court this lovely girl, if you think you’ll have any luck. The waiter will find you as soon as your meal is ready. After all, why did you come here? To relax, or to attend an executive meeting?”
Stan looked up to the bar. Martha and the Jamaican sat at the counter, continuing their lively talk. He opened up Martha’s bag, took out a cigarette, one for Martha and one for himself, and clicked a lighter. The barman served them drinks and Martha paid. They were laughing, chatting, and hugging each other, drinking and smoking and definitely having a very good time.
Stan sat motionless, unable to believe that this was happening in front of his eyes. The Jamaican put his hand on her shoulder and got up. Martha placed an unfinished drink on the bar, stubbed out her cigarette, and they both walked toward the sea. Martha stepped into the water, stopped there for a few seconds, removed her top, and threw it on the sand. Her lovely breasts showed a narrow white strip where her top blocked the sun’s tanning rays. She plunged into the warm ocean water with a joyful shriek, playfully trying to escape the chase of her ebony companion. She didn’t succeed to the great satisfaction of both. He grasped her. She embraced him with her arms and legs. They began to kiss each other and laugh. Stan was dumfounded. It was beyond everything permissible. It was something the human brain couldn’t comprehend. 
 “You see,” Allan said as he watched Martha with great interest. “These white girls come here for short adventures. They know they’ll meet the people here only once in their life. There is almost no chance of ever seeing their lovers, companions, or witnesses of their affairs again. That’s why they are so unrestrained here.”
 “Why not do the same at home?” Stan asked. “Why should they come to Jamaica?” 
Allan smiled wryly and wiped off the next bucket of sweat.
 “One girl explained it to me. By her account, the black guys here have much greater sexual prowess than white guys. Those who like prolonged physical exercise, you know.” 
Allan was a cultured man. He didn’t use coarse language as most men do while discussing sexual matters.
 “This is nonsense,” Stan said. He wanted to render an example of himself as a man of sexual prowess but stopped short.
 “It has some merit, though,” Allan continued. “Mind you, these guys don’t exhaust themselves in tedious office work, traffic, and family life. They have nothing to worry about, and nothing much to do. Sex and eating are their only activities. And rightly so. Imagine how much energy they have. They probably consider any moving thing as a sexual object. If I lived my young years in Jamaica, I would have chosen the same lifestyle.” 
 “You think you would have liked it?”
 “Of course.” He chuckled. “What good is there in my life? I have plenty of money. That’s all right. Everything else is rotten. My kids hate me. My wife hates me and has a lover. I spend all my days fighting for boring things in business. Here they don’t need money that much. Besides, God gave good weather to all poor people for consolation. It’s free for them. For us, good weather costs money. This girl is very nice, though.” He pointed at Martha. “Actually, I can give you some good advice, if you’re looking for such an adventure. Always go to the barman. He knows everything about everyone. He can direct you to the right girl. A tip from him would help you avoid any embarrassment when you approach her, you know. I would never pick up a girl here without consulting him first.”     
Stan was feverishly thinking about what to do, but didn’t find any suitable solution. Should he make a scandal on the beach? Hit her? Rather stupid. It would make things worse. Go back home? No, that wasn’t in the cards. Definitely not. He would rather kill her than leave everything the way it was. 
Luckily, Martha and her friend’s playtime in the water didn’t last long. She went ashore, picked up her top, waived her hand to the Jamaican, took her bag from the counter and walked to the hotel, trying to fix her top on the way. When she passed the arches of the restaurant and entered the hotel, Stan jumped to his feet, crossed the hall, and blocked her way. Martha was shocked. She looked at him with wide-open, frightened eyes.
“You? How’d you . . .” She gasped.
 “That’s disgusting what I saw.” Stan was very agitated. He looked at her with hateful eyes. “Who is this black guy? I didn’t know that you’re such a whore.”
Martha quickly pulled herself together. 
 “None of your business. Why are you chasing me? Leave me alone.”
 “Leave you alone? What are you talking about? After everything between us?”
Martha confronted him boldly. Her face in rage and disgust was even more beautiful than ever. 
 “You probably think that I had fallen in love with you at first sight. Let me explain something. When Pierre invited you to his party, he knew that your wife wouldn’t come. He also thought that the other two wouldn’t bring their wives either. So he invited me and a few other girls to entertain his guests. When I came, he asked me to take care of you to the fullest. This was sort of his response to your wife’s snobbishness. There was nothing more in our love affair, so far as I’m concerned. Pierre didn’t ask for anything serious. It was supposed to be a short and nice romance.”
 “You mean all what was between us was just the good play of an actress?”
 “Exactly. I hope it was a good show. It was entertaining, though. I must admit that I even liked you. Not much, though. But now it’s over. Let me pass.” 
She turned sharply and quickly disappeared in the maze of the hotel’s corridors. 
Stan stood still a few moments and then slowly went upstairs to his room, stumbling and holding tightly to the banister. The whole world seemed to be falling apart. This was the first time in his life when he had to deal with a decisive, merciless blow of circumstances that broke into pieces his self-esteem, happiness, family life, and motivation for success. It was inconceivable. It was incomprehensible. A poor, mediocre actress dropped him for a penniless black guy in Jamaica, likely a stranger, to indulge herself in wild sexual play.
Wasn’t I good enough? Wasn’t I strong enough? Nonsense.
And yet he, Stan Shomberg, president of a large corporation, young, wealthy, handsome and strong, meant nothing to her. Literally, nothing.
He stepped into his room, threw himself on the bed, closed his eyes and made an attempt to think logically. It seemed that the only solution would be to accept the reality, admit failure, and go home. Cut his losses, as businesspeople say, or else do something extraordinary to get her back. What could it be? A vague idea in his mind started to grow into a dramatic solution. But he soon lost the thread of his logic and fell asleep. 
He awoke a half an hour later in a rather different mood. Feeling a new charge of energy he sprang to his feet, washed his face in cool tap water, and strode hastily to the bar on the beach. There was nobody around to serve except Stan. Most of the crowd had already left the shore to prepare for evening adventures.
 “Piña colada?” the barman asked. 
 “Will do.” Stan took the glass, sipped the drink, and at that moment noticed Allan at a distance walking toward the bar. 
 “Listen,” Stan asked the barman. “Do you know the black guy who was sitting here with a white woman a short while ago?” 
The barman shrugged his shoulders.
 “What’s his name?” he asked.
 “I don’t know his name. The woman’s name is Martha.” 
The barman uttered a strange sound and turned his back on him. Stan pulled a ten-dollar bill out of his wallet and threw it on the counter.
 “This is for you,” he said. 
The barman must have had a spare eye hidden on the back of his head. He quickly turned around and grasped the bill.
 “I think you’re looking for George. What do you need him for?”
“I need to discuss some very important business with him. Where I can find him?”
 “Hard to know. I’ll tell you as soon as I know.” 
At that moment Allan sat beside Stan at the bar. 
 “Nice to see you again. What are you planning to do tonight?” Allan asked, placing a small box with his pills on the counter.
 “Anything to drink?” the barman asked him.
 “No, no,” Allan said. “No alcohol. Give me club soda, please. I have to swallow my medications.” He wiped sweat from his face and neck. 
 “By the way, most people went to the café on the ocean to watch the sunset,” the barman said, talking mostly to Stan. 
 “Good idea, Stan,” Allan said. “Why don’t we go there? Somebody said that it’s a remarkably beautiful place.”
 “You can find a taxi at the resort entrance,” the barman said. “It’s about a half-hour drive from here. And it’s not expensive. Ten bucks each way at the most. You two can share the expense between you.”
 “That is a bargain.” Stan exchanged a quick smile with Allan. “Let’s go.”
As they neared the café, the large red disk of the sun was already descending toward the ocean. The café, built on a rock protruding into the sea, had no roof or walls, but consisted of a group of round tables and chairs with large umbrellas overhead. An iron fence surrounded the café to protect customers from falling down when they didn’t stay firmly on their feet. The host showed them to the only unoccupied table.
 “Now we will have fun,” Allan said. 
He was obviously familiar with the environment. A black man dressed only in shorts and sandals came up with a large sack in his right hand and sat at one of the vacant chairs. 
 “I have some good Jamaican stuff to offer you, man,” he said in a very confident voice. 
Stan looked around searching for Martha. She was nowhere to be seen.      
 “Wanna try some, man?” the black man asked. 
He sat comfortably, as if he was preparing for a long conversation. Stan looked at him as a manager would regard a subordinate using inappropriate behaviour. He met with the rather blank and firm stare of a very hard man.     
 “What is your name?” Stan asked.
 “Cobra Man.”
 “Cobra Man? That isn’t a name. What’s your real name?” 
Stan gave him another attentive look. About forty years old, naked torso exposing a rather lean but muscular body, he had assembled his hair in long, tight plaits. His sack, tight with grass, rested on the floor between his legs. It appeared obvious that the man felt like a boss here. Undoubtedly the gang he belonged to had the owner of the café and the police on his payroll. 
 “I don’t have a real name,” Cobra Man said. He smiled as if he sold candy bars. But something told Stan that the man could bite like an angry cobra, if necessary. 
 “Just call me Cobra Man. Do you wish to try my ganja?”
 “Not really.”
 “Why?” Cobra Man seemed surprised. “It’s free. Just try it, man. If you don’t like it, don’t buy.”
 “I tried it a few times, when at school, but it didn’t have any affect on me. Why bother?”
Stan looked around. From time to time splashes of laughter rose above the steady murmur of the lively conversations, inspired by piña coladas, marijuana, and flirtation.   
 “You didn’t try the right stuff, man.” 
Cobra Man spoke with the self-confidence of a trained marketing professional. He lifted the large sack from the floor, put it on the table, removed a pinch of grass, quickly made a cigarette, and offered it to Stan. 
 “Try it, man, and you will understand the difference. You don’t have to pay for it.” 
 “Thanks. I don’t think I’d enjoy it.” 
“You have no idea what you’re missing, man,” Cobra Man insisted, with no sign of impatience or frustration. He was not pushy or annoying, but radiated love and humanity, at least to any potential ganja smokers. 
 “Hey man, do you know how to distinguish the good stuff from the bad?” 
“No. I don’t. I have different skills.” Stan tried to concentrate on the conversation, but he kept thinking about Martha and George. 
 “It’s very easy, man. Rub your fingers in the grass and sniff it. Don’t hesitate. Come on, man, rub it.” He moved his sack closer to Stan.
 “It wouldn’t make sense.” Stan shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know the smell. I wouldn’t be able to understand it.”
 “You would, you would, man. Don’t think too much. Just rub and sniff, don’t think much, man, and tell me after what you feel.” 
Stan rubbed his fingers on the grass and sniffed as Cobra Man instructed. A strange, tart, exotic, odor pleasantly irritated his lungs and throat. He sniffed again; it was really good stuff. Cobra Man was a master of persuasion.
 “I told you, man,” he said, as if he had read the answer on Stan’s face. “There isn’t much good ganja up there where you live. Not all grass is created equal, man. There are different sorts, and you have to know what to pick. You know which one is the best? The female parts of the grass when they are ripe but still not yet fertilized, like a sixteen-year-old girl. You know what I mean, man?”
 “You must be as good as the head of the marketing department at Microsoft,” Stan said. “They need people like you to sell their mediocre software as the best in the world. Okay, give me some stuff. Here’s some money. I don’t need change.” 
 “Good stuff, man.” Cobra Man nodded with satisfaction, handing over a package. “I can be good only in a corporation selling good stuff. And now take a few puffs from my joint, OK man. Just to start with.” 
Stan drew the smoke in and felt immediate relief from the pain of love with Martha. Suddenly, a thought came to his mind, and he turned to Cobra Man.
 “Do you know George?” he asked.
 “What George, man?” Cobra Man raised his eyebrows. 
 “The one that wanders about our resort. With hair done like yours.”
 “Oh, yeah, I know him.”
 “Where can I find him?”
 “What for?” Cobra looked at Stan with suspicion. 
 “I have to strike a deal with him. But I have to find him tonight. I won’t be here tomorrow. Could you help me to find him? Or at least tell me where I can find him?”
Cobra Man looked at Stan again. By now Stan smiled stupidly and swayed his head in jerky movement. Cobra Man rubbed his chin. 
 “He lives in the house on the shore not far from your resort. It’s about a mile and a half walk to the left, if you’re facing the ocean from your beach. But don’t attempt to go there alone, especially at night. It’s very dangerous.” 
Stan just nodded but his mind was away in another place. He didn’t care about anything anymore. He looked around as if he noticed the beauty of the world for the first time in his life. As the sun set, it threw a reddish path onto the calm blue surface of the ocean. The heat of the tropical day had gone, yielding to the pleasant chill of the descending night. The man and woman at the table across from them were giggling, kissing, and petting each other. They already had enough smoke in their lungs. Stan’s eyes drifted toward Allan, who had stayed silent during all the ganja proceedings, watching the trade with mocking curiosity.
 “I have to go, Allan. I have to leave you alone.” Stan said.
He got up resolutely and left the café giving Allan no time to utter a word. A taxi took him back to the hotel in half an hour. 
The sun had almost disappeared behind the horizon and the sky had turned dark gray. Stan rolled a joint, sat on one of the chairs scattered around the beach, and started smoking. He realized that the trip to George’s house would be dangerous, but there was no other way to find Martha. After a few puffs he threw the reefer away and got up with fearless determination. Ganja worked very well on him.             
He began walking slowly along the edge of water. The darkness had already descended upon Earth. The incessant tropical life manifested itself with the rattle of grasshoppers rustling in the jungle, and feeble, rhythmic splashes of wavelets tired of the long journey of the endless expanse of the Atlantic Ocean. The full moon shed its yellow light on the palm trees, throwing around strange shades and shapes. The beauty and calm of nature only emphasized his loneliness and distress. What good came from the world’s beauty if Martha didn’t share its delights with him? He wondered why she didn’t love him. After all he was young, handsome, wealthy, and powerful. He never had a problem attracting a girl. But now, this mediocre actress had dropped him for an ugly, poor black man whose only fortune was his body.    
The shoreline made a sudden sharp turn to the left, circumventing some dense bushes. Passing the curve he saw a few men sitting on the sandy beach, smoking. He couldn’t see their faces, but only silhouettes and tiny flashes of cigarettes. They were obviously all blacks. He would have noticed a white face. 
Stan felt the smell of marijuana. With it a sense of danger spread in the jungle with menacing intensity. Stan realized how his predicament, albeit too late. Running back would only confirm their guess that he was a white man lost somehow on the way to a resort. Even worse, he wouldn’t catch Martha, only to despise himself later for being a coward. So he kept walking without changing his rhythmic slow pace, as if nothing mattered. None of the men moved. Stan figured that in their minds, if the white guy walked with such calm and confidence in this place, he must have a serious reason for doing so. They probably surmised, Stan thought, that he carried a gun and would use it, if necessary, without reservation. Their hesitation wouldn’t last long, though. 
Stan was wise enough to know that life never gave a second chance for anything. As soon as he heard rapid steps behind him, he began to run. Being in a good shape he knew that he could endure any chase. He was right. After five minutes of intensive running he stopped and listened; no sound of human steps was heard. After another ten minutes of brisk walking, he reached a bungalow with illuminated windows. He guessed this was the house.
He pushed the door, which yielded right away. He stepped in and looked around. He saw a few pieces of shabby furniture chaotically scattered around—a primitive wooden table with leftovers of food, a few easy chairs, a sofa whose surface reminded him of Jamaica’s ragged roads, and an armchair at the far corner of the room. A white woman sat in it. She was bare-breasted, dressed only in bikini bottoms, looking at him in amazement. 
 “Hello,” Stan said.
 “Hello,” the woman replied. “Who are you? How did you get here?”
She didn’t make any attempt to cover her breasts and didn’t show any sign of embarrassment. She stood up and staggered a few steps forward. Stan admitted to himself that she was rather attractive; about thirty years old, blond, with nice curves everywhere, perhaps fun to play with at a more appropriate time. 
 “I came from the resort. I’m looking for George. Do you know George? Is George here?”
 “You’re crazy,” the woman said. “What brought you here? Can’t you wait for tomorrow? After all, George is at the resort every day.”
 “Actually, I’m looking for a woman, but George must know where she is. Her name is Martha. Do you know her?”
 “Oh, that one. Yes, she was here with George a few hours ago, but only for a short while. Please sit down. Pick any chair.”
 “My name is Stan.” 
 “My name is Alice.” 
She returned to her chair and began examining Stan with the curiosity of a woman hungry for gossip. 
 “You must be madly in love with this woman to risk your life,” she said. 
Stan didn’t answer. His reaction, or rather absence of one, seemed to inspire her curiosity even more.
 “Do you love her?” she asked, as if she couldn’t live without knowing the truth.
 “Sort of.” 
 “Good to know. I was about to propose myself to you.”
Stan gave her a questioning look. 
 “I’m a whore,” she explained casually.
Stan stared at her in disbelief.
 “A prostitute,” she added. “Do you want something?” 
Presently, she sat upright, like a woman with a dignified presence. After all, she was talking about business, and business is a serious matter.
 “No, thanks.” 
 “Only Martha?”
 “Yes. Does it matter?”
 “This is nice.” Her lips broke into a sardonic smile.
 “What is nice?”
 “It’s nice to be a woman with a man who loves her,” prostitute Alice said, her eyes getting pensive and languishing. 
 “Sometimes it’s a disaster for a man. A woman can ruin his life.” 
Alice examined him again, from head to toe and back, and nodded.
 “Not a man like you,” she concluded. 
At this moment the door flung open and two tall and muscular black guys in their late twenties burst inside. Noticing Stan, they interrupted their rowdy conversation, stopped very close to him and began sizing him up with ominous suspicion.       
 “This is Stan, guys,” Alice said, rising from her chair. She didn’t appear the least bit alarmed. “He’s looking for George. They have some business to do.” 
One of the newcomers nodded, and the two went silently into one of the rooms. The sound of their agitated conversation could still be heard. 
 “We all live together,” Alice said. “I mean, in this house.”
 “Do you have any privacy here?” Stan asked. 
Alice walked over to a small refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of juice.
 “I don’t need privacy,” she answered. “Besides, the house isn’t big. There are six people living here.” She paused for a few seconds. “I sleep with all of them.”
 “Do you like it this way?”
 “Yes, I do.” She nodded. “I think a lot of women would like it, but most of them are afraid to admit it to themselves.”
 “Where are you from?” Stan’s curiosity was inspired. He had never talked to a prostitute before. 
 “I’m from Toronto.” Alice drank a glass of juice and offered the bottle to Stan. “However,” she went on, “sometimes I miss the city life, the theatres, restaurants, television, you know. But then, here you don’t think about heating bills, car loans, mortgages and other shit, which takes up most of your time. But hey, well, look around. It’s a tropical paradise.” 
She made a wide gesture and Stan looked around at the shabby furniture, leftovers on the table, and filth on the floor. At that moment the front door opened again and George and Martha appeared on the threshold. When Martha noticed Stan, her body shook, fear blinked in her eyes, and she stood still on the spot, as if frozen. She managed to compose herself rather quickly and made a few light steps forward.
 “What are you doing here, Stan?” she asked.
 “I came to take you back to the hotel. Listen, Martha. We need to talk.”
 “We don’t have to,” she said, her voice trembling with anger. “Leave me alone. I’ve explained everything, haven’t I?”  She attempted to pass by, but Stan grasped her by hand.
 “Listen—” he said, but George interfered.
 “Hey, buddy,” George growled and shook Stan by the shoulder, as if attempting to bring him to his senses. “Get out, man. Get out, or else I will screw your head off.”
Stan felt enraged. Ganja still was in his brain, and on the top of it Martha’s presence gave him such a large shot of adrenaline that he was unable to fully control himself. Not giving a thought to the consequences, he pushed George back. They grabbed each other, twisting and pulling, but first without the determination of fighters. Stan realized that if he hit George, the two guys in the house would respond to the noise. Together they could kill him in no time. George was restrained too, probably because of Martha, Stan in his ganja haze figured, as she might tell the truth if a serious investigation arose and some in the hotel knew where he was. But soon George seemed to grow tired of their fake fighting. He began to yell obscenities and tried to shove Stan out. 
Stan also lost control of himself. The insolence of this black guy brought him to a rage bordering madness. With the accurate and effective jab of a trained boxer, Stan’s right hand connected with George’s cheek. George staggered, but didn’t fall. Stan’s head cleared long enough for him to quickly realize that George was very strong and could sustain a lot of blows and pain. 
Martha and Alice began screaming in fear and despair, but didn’t approach the two strong fighting men. The two black guys jumped out of the room and immediately rushed to George’s assistance. Stan took a few blows, proving that his skill and training in martial arts were almost useless against these young, strong, and apparently experienced street fighters. Suddenly he heard a loud, angry and commanding voice. The attackers stopped their blows and stepped back. Stan looked up and saw Cobra Man in front of him. 
 “What happened, man?” Cobra Man asked.
 “I wanted to take this girl out of here.” Stan lunged toward Martha like a madman. 
Cobra Man blocked his way.
 “Hold on man,” he said in a way suggesting obedience.
“Get out of my way!” Stan yelled in an equally commanding voice as he lifted his hands to push Cobra Man aside. 
Cobra Man pointed his finger at Stan in a gesture that suggested ultimate danger.
 “Don’t make this mistake, man. Nobody dares to push Cobra Man. I don’t fight with people. I kill them.” He took a short but meaningful pause. “If I have to kill you, I’d kill the girl too. I don’t want witnesses. Stay calm, man, and obey the rules of this house.” 
His voice, manners, and posture suggested a real murderer, not a poser putting on a show. Stan cooled down right there; he realized that Cobra Man meant business. As soon as reason overtook emotions, the decision-making skills he had developed in the rough waters of his merciless corporate life came into play with the efficiency of a well-oiled engine.
 “I have two thousand dollars with me.” Stan pulled a thick wallet out of his shorts. “Take it and help me with this girl.” 
 “Hold on, hold on, man,” George said. “Give half to me and I’ll help you, too. That would be fair.”
 “What?” Martha screamed. “Bastard! You exchange me for money?” 
Cobra Man looked at Stan. 
 “OK, man,” he said. “Give him half. We’re friends. Let’s make a deal.” Cobra Man took the money and began counting it.
 “You, bastard,” Martha went on screaming. “You hear me, George? Do you hear me?” 
The question was stupid. Everyone understood this simple fact. Even Cobra Man, being involved in the very serious matter of counting money, couldn’t help but break into an agreeable smile.  
 “Stop it.” George couldn’t take his eyes off the money that Cobra Man counted. “You’ll go home in a few days, anyway. Mind you, with this money I’ll have plenty like you.” 
Martha looked at George with hatred, disbelief, and disgust.
 “Like myself?” she yelled. “Like myself?” 
She seemed unable to comprehend that there were plenty of girls like her.
 “Like yourself, or better,” George confirmed, still looking at Cobra Man’s fingers rustling the money.
 “This is for you, George,” Cobra Man said at last, stretching his hand with the green pile. He gave Stan an appreciative look. “We’ll escort this bitch with you.” 
 “What?” Martha shouted again. 
It was unusual for her to find herself in a group of healthy young males who saw her as nothing more than an occasional bitch.
 “You’ll be safe with us, man,” Cobra Man kept saying. “We appreciate good business. Now tell me, how did you get here?”
 “There is a path from the resort along the shore. You told me that today, remember? ” 
 “Very dangerous, man. Are you stupid or what? But it’s the shortest way here. Don’t worry, man. With us, you'll be OK. Let’s go.”
George led the way and Stan and Martha followed. Cobra Man was the last in the procession. Nobody spoke. The sound of their steps muffled the feeble sounds of tropical nightlife. Soon they came to the place where Stan had seen the group of people on the beach. They were still there. When they heard the steps, they all stood in a line and blocked the way. Cobra Man rushed forward, caught up with George, and uttered a strange sound. There were joyful greetings and Cobra Man turned to Stan and Martha.
 “The rest of the path is safe,” he said. “George will follow you a bit, just to make sure that everything is OK.” 
Stan and Martha moved forward, still not exchanging a word. It was midnight when they arrived at the resort. The celebration of life and joy continued there nonstop, with laughter, loud conversations, endless drinking, and entertainment. The restaurant at the centre of the action shone electrical light between the pillars and arches facing the ocean. People moved back and forth between them and walked to the distant corners of the beach for quieter talks, or to enjoy the starry sky in the silence of the night. Stan and Martha passed a young couple caressing each other with satanic passion, which probably wouldn’t survive longer than the influence of alcohol. Martha looked around with indifference. She was very upset and headed right to her room.
 “Wait.” Stan broke the silence and took her by the arm. “You can’t leave me like that. I came here because I can’t live without you.”
 “You shouldn’t. I don’t love you.”
 “I’d like to offer you something that will change your life.”
 “What is it?”
 “Let’s go to my room and discuss it. I don’t want to talk here. Martha, please.”
“Okay. There’s nothing to do tonight anyway. But make it short. I’m quite tired.”    
When they got to his room, Stan settled himself in the chair, clasped his hands, and began pulling his thoughts together.
 “Say something,” Martha said. “Why did you interfere in my life?”
 “Because I love you like a madman. I can’t live without you. It’s a sheer madness.”
 “I have already heard that. Don’t you understand that I can’t be a mistress of a married man forever?”
 “I want you to be with me all the time.”
 “Will you marry me?” 
She looked at him mockingly. Stan reflected a few moments.
 “Yes, I will,” he replied at last. “Will you?”
 “This is an interesting offer,” she said, genuinely surprised. “It would be worth exploring, although it doesn’t seem as attractive to me as you may think. You’ll have to divorce you wife first, though.”
 “To hell with her. I want you. Nothing else matters to me anymore. When I want something, nothing can stand in my way. With me, you will have everything you want. There’ll be lots of parties in our house, just as you like. Tell me, what theatre do you like to play in? I’ll make a donation to it. One million dollars from the company, and they’ll be happy to offer you any role you like. All your dreams will come true, I promise. Do you agree to marry me?”
Martha sat in the chair and looked at him with an open mouth.
 “So. I will become Mrs. Shomberg. Funny. And a theatre. Maybe it’s worth something.” 
She got up, walked to the large mirror and met the reflection of his inflamed eyes. She winked at him, smiled faintly and sweetly, and began taking off her clothes, slowly, as if unwillingly, holding him hostage of her mesmerizing stare. When the last garment fell to the floor she took a lipstick from her small bag and, holding it in her right hand, leaned forward against the dresser, moved her face closer to the mirror and began painting her lips bright red. Flexing her waist made her hips and bottom even more shapely and feminine. She observed herself in the mirror, as if evaluating her beauty; then slowly placed the lipstick on the table and began rubbing her lips against each other, as if whispering something, spreading the paint evenly. In the faint light of the lamp standing in the opposite corner of the room it seemed as if two nude women were talking to each other without uttering a sound, discussing their secret and exciting affairs. The image in the mirror smiled, met his eyes, and winked again. This was too much for Stan. He dashed to her and grasped her firm breasts from behind. She threw her head back and yielded to his dry, hot, and greedy lips.
It was a painfully sweet night, with the exciting groaning of utmost enjoyment and passion. He was tireless and hungry for her, as if he had met her after a very long separation. By dawn they had drained all their energy to the last drop and fell asleep when the new day began showing its presence outside the window. But their rest didn’t last long. Close to noon, a polite but confident knock at the door woke Stan up. He rubbed his eyes and took a deep breath. Who the hell might it be? George? Bastard. 
 “Somebody’s knocking at the door,” Stan said. “Did you hear it?”
 “Yes,” Martha responded with closed eyes. “Who the hell is it?”
 “Maybe one of those black guys?” 
 “Unlikely, though,” Martha said. 
The knock at the door repeated again, this time with menacing loudness.
 “Hell. I’ll kill the bastard,” Stan said. 
He got up, went to the bathroom, wrapped a towel round his hips, opened the door, and retreated. What he saw hit his mind harder than a baseball bat. Victoria stood at the threshold. She stepped in, closed the door behind her, and sat in the chair, placing a small bag on the table. 
She wore elegant shorts, a T-shirt, and summer shoes—very expensive and stylish, yet simple and inconspicuous. As usual, she appeared composed and calm. Her face showed no emotion except for her blue eyes, which shed the light of cold steel. But her desperate efforts to make her face look young and beautiful had been ruined by equally desperate mental pain. 
Stan sat on the bed watching her in frustration. 
 “I came here to take you home,” she said.
 “We’ve already discussed it. Don’t make a scene here. Please go.” He sat on the bed beside Martha.
 “I have no intention of making a scene, Stan. Just listen to me for five minutes, and you’ll understand everything.”
 “What is it?”
 “If you don’t come with me now, you’ll never be allowed into my house. Remember, my father bought the house, and it’s still in his name. The announcement to relieve you of your duties as president has already been prepared. My father is a major shareholder of the company. It will take next to nothing to throw you out of office. You’d be left with nothing, since my parents didn’t transfer any property to me. Your income was pretty good for the last three years, but your expenses were exorbitant, too. You will become a poor engineer again, promising but hopeless. You will not, you will not—” 
At this moment Martha rose up from the bed and approached the mirror. She was completely naked. Looking at her image she tried to arrange the fiery sheaf of her long and beautiful hair. Victoria stopped talking and watched her with hateful, jealous eyes. Her lower lip began to tremble, but she quickly took control of herself and put on an air of cool indifference and contempt. 
Martha dressed quickly. There weren’t many clothes on the floor anyway—underwear, shorts, a top, and sandals. She uttered a short laugh, threw a naughty glance in the mirror at Victoria and Stan and left, holding her head up and swaying her hips in a provocative and teasing manner. 
Stan covered his face with his palms, unable to say a word. He and Victoria sat in silence for a few minutes. At last Victoria sighed and spoke.
 “Get dressed, Stan. A taxi is waiting for us.”
 “You arranged everything.” Stan removed his hands from his face. “How did you find me?”
 “I hired an agency. They followed you the whole time. Even now I came here with a bodyguard. My father insisted. Get dressed, Stan. We must hurry. Our plane leaves in three hours.”
Stan looked at her with a mixture of curiosity and disgust.
 “Why did you do that?” he asked. 
Victoria looked aside. Tears froze in her wide-open eyes. Her lower lip began trembling again. 
 “Because I still love you,” she whispered, then covered her face with both hands and leaned forward, shaking with convulsive sobs. 
Stan didn’t feel any compassion for her. His grief was very deep and painful. He was unable to find sympathy for anyone at this moment. 
 “My life doesn’t have a meaning anymore,” he said. “But you won. The game is over. Let’s go.”

***

A few years had passed since Pierre saw Stan at his party. He was making the last arrangements for leaving the art gallery where his exhibition was currently showing. Now he was in a completely different mood from this morning. 
 “We must celebrate it, Jacqueline!” he said to his latest girlfriend, grabbing her by the waist. “Imagine! I’ve sold three pictures in the last hour. I have almost two thousand dollars in my pocket. If I don’t spend a part of it now, it’ll burn a hole.”
Earlier in the morning, when Jacqueline made her first visit to his exhibition, Pierre was rather philosophical and somber. Only a few people had been around glancing absentmindedly at his pictures and silently moving about. Undoubtedly they were not buyers of art, and not even those who appreciated it.
 “Not that many people in this world,” he said, “understand and appreciate art and beauty. That is why an artist has to struggle for survival all his life.” 
Jacqueline looked at him up with admiration. 
 “For a true artist,” he said, referring to himself as one of their ranks, “life is a constant struggle for perfection and expression of beauty. Appreciation of other people must not affect his mood and attitude. The beauty in his pictures will survive him, but the opinion of contemporaries is just an ephemeral thing. Anyway, come here this evening and we’ll have a beer.”
That had happened in the morning. This afternoon, however, he had a new spring in his step. 
 “Three pictures,” he again announced his lucrative afternoon of sales. “Let’s go to the best restaurant in the neighborhood. I can’t believe that I sold that much in just an hour.” 
 “Very nice idea,” Jacqueline agreed. “I’m terribly hungry. Let’s go at once!”
Pierre talked nonstop about his negotiations with other galleries and exhibitions. All of them were interested in his work. Jacqueline listened with awe. She understood nothing of the arts, especially the art of Pierre, but she trusted his word that the ordinary crowd could not comprehend a contemporary genius. No doubt that Pierre was the one. 
The restaurant of his choice was rather crowded. A few people stood in the foyer, patiently waiting for their turn and talking to each other in low voices. When Pierre and Jacqueline arrived, the people suddenly stopped talking. Pierre also interrupted his endless flow of words as he recognized his old school buddy.
 “Stan!” he cried. “I haven’t seen you for ages!” He turned to his girlfriend. “Jacqueline, this is Stan, my old friend. How are you, my friend?” 
Jacqueline looked at Stan and the other people. There could be no mistake. They all belonged to the higher echelon of society—wealthy, powerful, and contemptuous of everything and everyone below them. No wonder that they responded to Pierre’s greeting with icy indifference. Stan gave Pierre a brief nod, while the others simply turned their backs on him. At this moment a waiter came up and invited everyone inside.
 “Who are these people?” Jacqueline asked, taking a strategic position so she could observe the whole restaurant. “They look fairly wealthy. Are they really your friends?”
 “One of them is,” said Pierre. “Rather, he was. But we don’t meet often, lately. He’s living a completely different life.” 
Jacqueline kept watching these people, trying not to attract their attention.
 “This woman, sitting with Stan on his right side—who is she? Is she his wife?”
 “Yes, she is. Why?”
 “Just curious. Look, how nice they are to each other.” 
Pierre glanced over at the table. Victoria sat beside Stan. Her appearance radiated dignity and respect. She looked older than she was, a bit fat, but still good looking for a woman of her age. Talking with very restrained gesticulation, just barely enough to make it lively, she was probably saying something funny, since all the other guests laughed appreciatively. She glanced at Stan with loving eyes and placed her palm over his hand. 
 “This friend of yours and his wife . . . they love each other,” Jacqueline said. “It seems that they’re very happy. It’s very touching to watch them.”
 “Yes, it seems so,” Pierre agreed. “But how odd that the truth is always disguised. Nevertheless, life is fun—a completely useless, yet pleasant experience. It has no purpose other than for you to look around at God’s creation in the short time given to you. Have fun, enjoy love to the fullest, reflect on the beauty of the world in your works, and disappear forever.”
  


HATE YOU, FOR BETTER OR FOR WORSE

 
Kevin Anderson never expected that an old shoe he mistakenly put on that morning would so profoundly change his life. Indeed, how is it that such a stupid thing could ignite the events, which his friends, by ignorance of course, dubbed a middle-aged crisis? He sat at his desk until noon, trying to sort out conflicting priorities, when the telephone rang. To his surprise, it was Bruce Hogan, the company president.
"Have a minute?" Bruce never wasted a second of his time. 
"Yes."
"Come on up. I’ve got something interesting for you."
Bruce’s office was on the fifty-fifth floor. It was beautifully decorated, with a huge glass wall revealing a stunning view of the lake and city. A very expensive coffee table with four cosy chairs sat nearby, giving guests a chance to watch the airplanes taking off and landing at the small airport nearby. Bruce had a habit of informally discussing corporate matters around this table, especially with people he respected and trusted. Kevin was one of them.
When Kevin came in, Bruce got up, walked around his desk, and made himself comfortable in one of the chairs. 
"Please sit down,” he invited in a commanding voice. "I’ve got an offer that will be hard for you to refuse. I want to appoint you VP of Research and Development. After all—"
“Thank you.”
Kevin traced Bruce’s gaze and froze in horror and embarrassment. On his left foot, was a very old shoe. One half of the pair he used sometimes for walking—shabby and wrinkled. 
His right foot was dressed in a shiny shoe of conspicuous expense, something appropriate for a person of his rank and income. 
A throaty, embarrassing sound escaped him. Bruce uttered a gurgling, stupid laugh and stopped short, with a blank expression.
"Son of a bitch," said Kevin in an irritated voice, as if the shoe was a living thing and a personal foe. 
"Don't make a big deal of it,” said Bruce. "Working hard lately?" 
Kevin passed his hand over his face. Indeed, long and strenuous hours at work had taken their toll. His meticulous attention to detail had begun to fade and often he was getting irritated, impatient, and in bad spirits. As a director, he was an ace. He always made the right decision in circumstances when it seemed that any move was destined to be wrong. He rose to every challenge and turned every complication to his advantage.
But, there are certain stupid little things that are unacceptable in the culture of big corporations. Not being perfect in appearance is one of them—the combination of an expensive suit and running shoes; a tasteless, worn-out tie, or having a trace of dirt under the fingernails. But particularly harmful to the career of a manager, is to be a laughing stock. 
"Indeed, take a rest," suggested Bruce. "Go home. Let’s talk tomorrow. Anyway, the position of VP is secured for you."
“I appreciate.”
Kevin suddenly felt that everything irritated him: The huge glass wall, beautiful blue sky stretching beyond horizon with a few snow white clouds, the blue water of the huge lake reflecting the sky and clouds, and the sails of the far-off yachts where sky met water. Was this feeling just a result of too much work and stress for the last few years? Or was he simply not feeling well? 
"I’m sorry," he murmured. 
"I can see that you don’t feel well," remarked the boss across the table in a friendly tone. "Go home and take a rest."
"I’m sorry," repeated Kevin. The feelings of frustration and embarrassment were overwhelming. "Going home is a good idea. I'd better see you tomorrow." 

***

In the car, he slowly returned to a calm and sober mood. It was somewhat unusual to drive home during working hours, when the traffic was light and the people around have no urgent matters to attend to. As he got close to home, he felt content and relaxed. He had decided, after all, to have a rest and do nothing until the next morning, which promised to be a pleasant experience. It would be nice to sip whisky in the back yard and chat with the lovely wife he had been neglecting somewhat in favour of career and success. 
His eyebrows rose in confusion when he noticed a dilapidated car, with a portable ladder on the roof, in his driveway. He thought for a moment that someone had come to make repairs on the house, but Gloria, his wife, wouldn't invite anyone in for that sort of thing without him knowing that. It was especially strange at this hour of the day. Gloria usually had a nap between three and five. Something was apparently wrong with her health, but she refused to see the doctor. He assumed that someone had likely parked here by mistake and went to one of his neighbours. 
Kevin pulled in beside the jalopy, unlocked the front door, and stepped in expecting to find his home in the quiet silence of Gloria’s afternoon nap. But it was not. The nice sounds of Chopin descended from the second floor, not very loud, but pleasing. He took off his mismatched shoes and went upstairs to say hello to his wife. 
Their bedroom was next to the staircase. As soon as his head rose above the floor, he froze, shocked at what he saw. While only a part of their huge bed was visible through the half-open door, he could see his wife lying on the bed, her legs spread wide. Kevin was only able to see up to her waist, the door hiding the rest. On top of her was a man, muscular, and naked as she was. Apparently young, much younger than Kevin, his skin, smooth and tanned, save for very white area on his bottom in the shape of a swimsuit. Their hips swayed, the two enjoying each other slowly, as lovers do after the initial excitement and the time has come to explore each other to the fullest. 
Almost paralyzed, Kevin watched his wife's hips grind towards her lover's. They embraced with a strong and gentle touch, and then momentarily separated to start all over again. It seemed that they would never finish this dance of love. There was no groaning and moaning, or any of the sounds of lovemaking. Only heavy breathing and the sound of lovely piano music from Kevin's favourite CD could be heard.
This was his wife! A mighty wave of rage shook his body. His first impulse was to shout, to rush into the bedroom, and kill them both. But the cool-headed instincts developed through years of corporate political life came into play. He subconsciously knew that first impulses are driven by emotions, and emotions are the worst advisors. The best course of action never descends from the blue sky. It comes only after an intense thinking process, where all details are carefully considered. 
He felt any action he now would be ill advised. He pulled himself together, went downstairs to the kitchen, grabbed the bottle of whisky and some ice from the freezer, dropped a few cubes into a glass, and filled it up to the brim. His heart was pounding hard, as if trying to break his ribs, and pushed blood to his head. Kevin took up the glass and bottle in his trembling hands and went into the living room.  There he sat on the sofa across from the staircase, and began drinking. He felt like he was in an absurd dream. Despite his best efforts, not a single thought entered his head. The piano music continued to play, mingling with the sounds of the two lovers, one of whom was his lovely, sweet wife.
Kevin drank two glasses of whisky. At long last, the music stopped and silence filled the house. A few moments later he heard a splash of laughter as a happy, joyous expression of complete satisfaction, followed by the purring sound of lazy conversation. 

At last, Kevin heard footsteps descending the stairs. The two appeared in front of him and froze on the spot.
"I d-d-didn’t hear you come in," Gloria said. 
Kevin could see her trying to compose herself. 
"Err... This is Tim, a repairman." 
"I saw him doing his repair job," said Kevin.
"I'd better go," Tim muttered as he rushed to leave. 
Gloria took full control of herself. She sat across from Kevin, with her eyes frozen in anticipation of the worst.
"Did you really see anything?" she asked cautiously.
"Yes."
"What exactly?" 
Kevin smiled acidly. He poured some more whisky into the glass.
"Want to know details?" He took a gulp. "Your legs were spread wide. And I liked the contrast of your blonde pubic hair and his dark ones... "
"Stop it!" she screamed. "Stop it!"
"Oh. You don’t want to know the details anymore. Who is he?"
"Does it matter?"
"Just curious. Always wise to find out why someone is better than me. Who is he?"   
"OK, if you wish." 
Gloria suddenly became defiant and arrogant, with no trace of shame or guilt. 
"He’s a construction worker." 
"Construction worker?" exclaimed Kevin, amazed and disgusted. "You were fooling around with a construction worker?"
"Yes. What's wrong with a construction worker?"
"I thought, if you were to make a change, it would be with somebody better or worthier than me."
A dry, sardonic smile crossed Gloria's face.
"Who would you prefer that I fool around with?" she asked. "Someone like you, a top ranking executive? If you wanted to have another girl, would you go for a stupid one with nice tits and a cute ass, or an intellectual spinster whose charms wouldn't even attract a crocodile to eat her? Come on." 
Kevin was dumbfounded. He'd never heard his wife speak this way.
"Yah, yah,” he said twisting his lips. "I work like a slave to provide you with a good life. You have a nice house, shop like crazy, and it's still not good enough for you." 
"Yes, it is. But don't think that shopping is a good substitute for sex." 
Kevin did not respond. He simply stared at her, thinking of what to say next.
"Where did you pick him up?" he asked at last.
"On the construction site. Across the road." 
"You're a slut!" shouted Kevin, rising. He couldn't bear her anymore. All of a sudden, he discovered that his wife is a monster. No remorse, no humility, or shame. Nothing. She stared blankly through the glass door leading to the back yard.
"It doesn't make sense to discuss anything with you," he said angrily.
Taking the bottle of whisky, he went upstairs into the guest bedroom, stretched himself out on the sofa and fixed his eyes on a tiny dark spot on the ceiling, reflecting.
It was shocking to learn that she had an affair. Even more surprising was her behaviour after. She wasn't apologetic. She didn't regret anything. It appeared as if she was prepared to break up their marriage. He dug into the past in an attempt to find any clue about what sparked the affair.
Gloria was from a very religious Catholic family. She was only nineteen years old and still a virgin when they were married, something not very common in late seventies. She had a wonderful life since then, as Kevin understood it: No responsibility to make a living, no everyday hardships or intricacies of corporate life, no lack of money. Their daughter is almost eighteen years old, a lovely girl, but no longer a sweet kid. They didn’t see her so often at the dinner table anymore. 
A few years ago, their marriage was on the rocks, for no apparent reason, but all of a sudden Gloria became sweet and mellow again. She had a strange problem with her health, or so she claimed. She needed an afternoon nap in order to cope with weakness and fatigue, which, by her account, was overwhelming. They had a few disagreements now and then, of course. But when they erupted, Kevin preferred to yield. As a matter of fact, there was no other choice. Gloria was unable to admit fault no matter what. In her opinion, any failure in her life was the result of something beyond her reach: people, circumstances, fate, or the malicious work of devils — anything, anybody, but her. And now, even in this extreme and obvious situation, her attitude was the same. Whose fault was it that she was found in bed with the construction worker? Not hers. His. He's guilty of providing a good life, plenty of leisure time, and love. Well, whatever her reasons, it wasn't conceivable to live with this kind of a woman. Terrible thing, of course, but he should face it. With this thought in mind, he fell asleep. 
It was unusual to get up in the morning and not see Gloria in the same bed. He tried to suppress his anger and grief, but nothing helped. A few shaving cuts on his face certainly didn't improve his mood. He looked menacingly at his reflection in the mirror and went downstairs to the kitchen. His daughter, Tonya, was already there making breakfast for herself. Gloria, as usual, was absent. In her opinion, it was humiliating for a woman to be a slave and servant to a family. Besides, it was too early for her to leave her comfortable bed.
Tonya, a blonde beauty, smiled at him with sleepy, sweet eyes. She wasn't very tall, but there was harmony between her body, face, and manners. She looked like a cute, defenceless young little thing. No wonder she had so many admirers. 
"I noticed you slept in the guestroom," she said. "Get in a fight with Mom?"
"Worse than that. We're going to split up." 
Tonya stared at him in disbelief and astonishment.
"Are you both crazy?" she exclaimed. "What happened?"
"We can't live together. That's all I can tell you for now. Please don’t ask why. Or, rather, ask your mom."
"OK," his daughter said. "I've got to rush now, but I hope that all this will soon settle down. Bye, Daddy." 
She kissed him on the cheek and ran off. She obviously didn't take his words seriously.
Kevin took special care to pick the right shoes and the clothes for an executive of his rank, and arrived at work with his usual expression of complete calm and businesslike concentration. That’s what made a true manager, he thought. Never show your emotions in public. Never express discontent. Always exude self-confidence and strength. 
He went into his office, sat behind a huge table and gave a short, hostile look at the piles of papers leftover from yesterday. On any other day, he would have been eager to dig into the mess and make perfect order from it. Today, he looked at all the documents as if they were piles of rotten fruit. He stared at them for a minute, just barely suppressing the temptation to sweep them off his desk. Luckily, a feeble noise brought him back to reality. George Hortam, an engineer from his group, had snuck through the half-open door and appeared with a cup of coffee in his hand. It was a welcome disturbance. Despite their difference in rank, they were close friends. George knew he could come in uninvited. 
"May I..." he started, but Kevin interrupted him.
"Yeah," he said, nodding to a chair. "But nothing job-related. Tell me one of your vulgar, inappropriate jokes. I need the boost."
"I can't believe my ears," exclaimed George. "You're so politically correct that you could be a priest."
The telephone rang and Kevin picked it up with a lazy movement and his customary, "Kevin speaking".
It was Bruce. As usual, the boss spoke in a soft, friendly manner with the underlying tone that said: "Don’t waste my time.”
"Any decision?" he asked.
"Something unexpected happened, Bruce. I can't accept your offer. Not in the near future anyway." 
There was a short silence on the other end, which was uncommon for Bruce. Usually, he only needed that much time to reflect when the prudence of an investment of hundreds of millions dollars depended upon his answer.
"What's the matter?"
"Family affairs."
"Somebody sick?"
"No. I’m going to divorce my wife. I expect there'll be a lot of complications." 
More silence.
"I'll leave this position open," said Bruce. "Just give me a shout whenever you're ready. Is there anything I can do for you?"
"Thank you, Bruce. I’ll let you know whenever I need your help." 
Kevin slowly placed the phone into the cradle. He noticed an intense, amused look on George's face.
"I can't believe what I've just heard," admitted George. "I simply can't believe. Never heard of you having family problems."
George looked at Kevin with acute interest and curiosity. Kevin stared back at George with similar feelings. George was in his middle thirties, blond, with blue eyes radiating happiness and fun. He seemed to have been born with a careless smile on his face. He had recently divorced his wife, but it hadn't changed his mood and attitude towards life. Kevin was interested to know what George had felt during his divorce ordeal and what allowed him to stay happy. For Kevin, the collapse of his happy family life was a disaster. Everything that motivated him was wiped out, leaving no foundation for his ambitions, goals, and aspirations.
"I also thought I didn't have any problems," nodded Kevin. "As it turns out, there have been many. I just didn't know about them. And now I find out that my happy family life was a fraud. So many years wasted! Everything's collapsed. I can't pull myself together. Tell me, George, how was your divorce? I never thought to ask until just now. I guess I didn't want to intrude into your private life. Or perhaps I didn't care."
George showed his teeth in a broad, happy smile.
"It wasn't the end of the world," he said. "I never get too attached to any woman. It's too risky. Their feelings are never under your control. Their actions are impossible to predict when it comes to serious complications. We had a nasty fight when we were dividing our property. This is what women use as a weapon for revenge. Other than that, it wasn't that hard."
"I don’t care much about property," Kevin said despondently. "She ruined my whole life. I envy you, your attitude. I really can't imagine what I did wrong. I wish there was someone on earth who could point out my mistakes."
"You don’t have to go too far," said George. "I can tell you what your problem was." 
Kevin leaned back in the chair, crossed his legs, and took a sip of coffee. The telephone rang, but Kevin didn't care about picking it up. 
"My problem?" asked Kevin in amazement. "Mine, not hers?"
"Exactly, your problem, not hers," confirmed George. "Your happiness depended on the behaviour of one woman: your wife. Did you ever ask yourself what would happen if she behaved in a way you didn't like? Would it be worth your while to spend that much effort to build a happy life for her? But there was probably something else. I don’t know. Have you spent much time with your family?"
"Not much. But they should’ve understood that I was working hard to provide the good life. It was justified. Was it not?"
"You think so. Did you ever think to ask your wife's opinion about that?"
"Not really. Maybe I should have. But it's too late now. On the other hand, I can't even think of starting all over again with someone that I don’t even know. Everything from scratch!" 
"Mind you, it might be very exciting and pleasant adventure," argued George. "You think that whatever you had with Gloria was the best possible arrangement, that nothing else could compare. You're dead wrong if you do. Whatever comes along might be even better. Just look at it from a different angle and you'll discover a lot of exciting things." 
"Where did you get such wisdom from?" Kevin said, lifting his eyebrows and reflecting. "Have you lived a hundred years?" 
"My life is much different than yours," George said casually. "I’m not a goal- or success-oriented geek. I can get a lot from life with whatever money I have. And I have plenty of time to reflect and enjoy life. Everything is a matter of time in our life. We exchange time for whatever we prefer. Very simple, if you look into the heart of the matter."
"Rather interesting," said Kevin. "But now I've got to attend to much less philosophical matters. Do you know where I can get an apartment on short notice? I want to move out as soon as possible."
"Actually, I do.” George smiled. "My aunt lives alone. She has a nice finished basement. A lonely woman who lost her husband after fifty-something years of a happy marriage, she is dead scared to sleep alone in a large house. It has all the amenities and furniture there. Not much hassle to set it up. Do you want it?"
"Of course. I'll move in tonight then, if I can." 
"Consider it done," promised George. "Her name is Lucy. I'll call her right away."
He did as promised. Kevin arrived to Lucy's home after work and parked his car in the spacious driveway. It took a while until the door opened and the hostess appeared on the threshold. Lucy was an old lady with silvery hair and densely wrinkled face. But she was tidy and her posture suggested a woman of dignity and pride. She squeezed out a feeble smile and led him directly into a large and very nicely finished basement. 
"You can settle yourself comfortably here," she said in a slightly broken voice, welcoming him. "Nobody will disturb you. Everything is at your disposal – kitchen, two bedrooms, and even the bar. It's all yours. Nobody will drink all this alcohol now as my husband has left. Just one inconvenience: the telephone is upstairs in the living room. But you can buy your own and hook it up here."
"Many thanks. I don’t need a telephone though. There is nobody I have to call. If you don’t mind, I will move in tonight, tomorrow at the latest."
"Whatever you prefer. I'll give you a set of keys. George told me that your marriage is on the rocks. Sad story."
"It's not on the rocks," responded Kevin. "It's over."
"Are you sure?"
"Positive. She cheated on me. Such a... Excuse me."
"Don't worry. My husband used very strong expressions. I never did, but I shall admit, sometimes it gives spice to a conversation. Were you happy with her, may I ask?"
"As a matter of fact, I had been. But she ruined it."
"Ruined it?" repeated Lucy. "She can't ruin the past. If you were happy, be grateful for it. After all, it was she who made you happy."
"How can you say that?" exclaimed Kevin. "She cheated on me. I will never forgive her for this."
"You don’t have to," said the old lady. "I don’t advise you to do so. What I’m saying is that you should be grateful for the good times. Nobody can take away the good times that you had." 
"I can't live with memories. I have to start all over again."
"You are still young," observed the old lady with a cracking, calm voice. "There is plenty to enjoy in life. Remember, when we're dead, there is no opportunity for enjoyment. I’ll leave you with that. I’m getting tired very quickly lately and I need a rest. Here are all the keys." 
Having said that, she quietly retreated.  

***

Kevin went to his house with the intention of packing his belongings and found Gloria on the living room sofa, reading a book. He pulled up a chair and sat across from her, surly yet composed. Gloria slowly put her reading aside and glanced at him with a mixture of anxiety and defiance. She'd obviously prepared herself to a tough dialogue.
"I want a divorce," he said after a short silence.
"So?" 
Apparently she was expecting this, too.
"So. Would you agree to it? I suggest signing a separation agreement first."
"Sure. But we have property to split."
"No problem. You know all that we have, the house and some savings. I'll have an agreement drafted and we'll move on from there."
"Good," agreed Gloria. "But there is much more than the house and savings."
"What else?" 
Kevin was genuinely surprised.
"You have a pension. And your aunt in England made you an heir to her estate. We have to include everything." 
Kevin sat motionless, trying not to express any feelings. She also remained calm. A hint of mocking compassion and sympathy washed across her face. She had probably already contacted a lawyer.
"You didn't earn my pension," he responded, already knowing that it was useless to appeal to her moral virtues. "So far as my aunt is concerned, you have nothing to do with this inheritance. You know very well that she hated you. She would turn in her grave if you get a part of her estate."
"There is no harm to spin in the coffin," replied Gloria with a wry smile. "We have to split our property. Her estate is our property. You have no way out of it."
"I never knew that I lived with such a monster," Kevin said, unable to hide his anger. "You are a monster."  
"No more than any other woman. By the way, don’t forget to include financial support."
"What?" shouted Kevin. He was unable to resist any longer. "Financial support? Why?"
"Because I’m a woman. You don’t suppose I'll work for living, do you?"
"Why not?"
"Because I can't do anything. What would I do?"
"I can't believe what I'm hearing," said Kevin. "You mean to tell me, I should reward your adultery with monthly payments?"
"Don't shout, Kevin," she said calmly. "It's the law. You have to provide me with the comforts I've become accustomed to."
"I don’t believe that the law is as stupid as that." Kevin swallowed in an attempt to contain his rage. "You’ll never get a separation agreement like that from me."
"I don't care," said Gloria in the same calm voice. "I can live without a separation agreement. We have plenty of room in this house for both of us." 
"I don’t want to live in the same house as you," Kevin said angrily. "As a matter of fact, I'm moving out tonight. Where's Tonya?"
"She's not back from school yet," said Gloria indifferently as she picked up her book and turned the page. 
Kevin stood up, watched her read a few seconds, and then went upstairs to pack his belongings.

The next morning, George came into Kevin's office with the customary smile on his face. He brought two paper cups of coffee, a clear indication that he wanted an extra-curricular conversation. 
"Yes, I have a few minutes," said Kevin. 
George's smile broadened. 
"You didn't give me a chance to ask. This means that you don’t have much time for me."
"That's not true," assured Kevin. "You came here for more than coffee and meaningless chat. What's up?"
"I’m not a good diplomat." George lowered the corners of his mouth in mocking grief. "But I’m too lazy to improve. I've come with an offer which is just as easy to accept as reject."
"Shoot. Most likely I’ll accept it."
"Good. I've made acquaintance with a nice woman—"
"Shocking news," interrupted Kevin. "My sincere congratulations. Very unusual of you."
"Unusual it is. We're not interested in each other sexually. We're not courting, but I like her company. A very nice woman, indeed. She invited me to a party at one of those inexpensive yacht clubs on the lake. Do you want to join us? I promised her an introduction to a nice guy."
"You sure that I’m qualified?"
"You're my manager. It would be detrimental to my career to say otherwise."
"When it is?"
"This Saturday. Listen. The right woman can have tremendous healing power. She knows the cure for physical and mental troubles. Provided, of course, that she doesn't have a venereal disease. Unfortunately, success with women sometimes has its ugly rewards." 
"Funny, now your cynicism makes me smile. How do you know that she is the right one for me?"
"The road to the right woman goes through several trials and errors. Start with this one. OK?" 
Kevin couldn’t help but laugh.
"OK, this Saturday, then. Now, give me a cup of coffee. You have exactly two minutes to tell me one of your dirty jokes." 
 
***

It was the beginning of June and the weather in southern Ontario was unusually hot. Evenings didn't cool the air hovering above Toronto. The city's concrete, metal, and stone gave back what they'd absorbed from the sun during the day.
In the yacht club, however, it was pleasant. The clubhouse was built about a hundred meters from the lake. The cooling effect of the large body of water was very agreeable. In the middle of a spacious wooden veranda, stood a huge barrel filled with ice and soft drinks. Plenty of wine bottles rested on a primitive plastic table nearby. The deafening music provided a decent rhythm for the dancing couples. They twisted their bodies in jerky moves, with frozen, thoughtless smiles. 
Two women in their late forties perched on a small table behind the dance floor like two lame birds rescued by the Humane Society. Their thickly painted faces were serious, dull, and hopeless. A lonely Chinese guy was dancing in the centre of the crowd with half-closed eyes. A young couple came up from the darkness and set off for a slow dance, holding each other in a firm embrace. Their lips were swollen from apparent powerful and merciless kisses.
"Please wait there," George asked, pointing at the vacant table far away from the thundering speakers. "I'll be back in a minute." 
He vanished into the drinking crowd and soon reappeared holding a bottle of wine in one hand and an arm of a woman in the other. She was trying to free herself from his firm grip, but didn't put much effort into her struggle. The woman was laughing happily, but protesting with vigorous "no, no," whose meaning was obviously "yes, yes." 
"This is my friend, Kevin," said George, as he put the wine bottle on the table with a thud. "Kevin, this is Jennifer."
Jennifer stretched out her hand first, her grip brief, but firm. She carried herself with dignity, but radiated friendliness and good mood. 
Very nice lady, indeed, thought Kevin. A bit taller than average, very healthy-looking and perhaps physically strong. Her face isn't beautiful, but nice, with the sharp features of a city sophisticate.
"George has said a lot of nice things about you," Kevin said. 
"George uses a particular vocabulary when he talks about women," Jennifer responded. "And the manner is awful."
"What do you mean?" asked George. 
He offered Jennifer a chair across from Kevin.
"You mentally disassemble a woman into parts, talk about each part at length, but you forget to put all pieces back together at the end."
She is about thirty, Kevin thought. Give or take a year. 
He caught himself thinking that she was composed of agreeable parts: her hair, evenly cut slightly above the shoulders, was dirty blonde without a trace of dye; a nose of a nice form, but perhaps a bit longer than the ideal; a large, but attractive mouth; prominent breasts with her cleavage peaking up through the deep cut of her blouse. 
"How long have you been a member of this club?" Kevin asked, thinking she did not belong to these people.
"I’m not a member of this club," she said. "They invited members of other clubs to this party. You see how many people are here?"
"What club do you belong to?" insisted Kevin.
"Oh, my club is quite a ways from here. I have a large boat, thirty-six feet long. What club you belong to, may I ask?"
"To the club of workaholics and slaves. I have no boat."
"You see?" George interfered. "Thirty-six footer! A rather rich lady."
"I’m not!" protested Jennifer sternly. "This is the only thing that I took when I left my husband."
She went through a divorce, he thought. How interesting. Maybe she could tell me how a woman feels when a marriage breaks apart. Did she rip off her husband? Are all women like Gloria?
Gloria. He had no idea what a monster he had been living with all these years. And now, she was trying to suck all his blood, a revolting slut. This train of thought was interrupted by George's cheerful voice. 
"I have introduced you to a nice woman, but you don’t pay proper attention to her. Something troubles you? Can't forget your wife even for a few minutes?" 
Kevin noticed that Jennifer was gone and only George was at the table with him.
"She's a bitch," Kevin said enthusiastically. "I never knew that she was such a bitch. Amazing, isn't it? To live with a woman so many years and not know her a bit! Am I the only one that stupid?" 
"Don't worry about your stupidity that much," responded George. "This is something that many people feel while going through a divorce, when they discover things about a spouse that they never suspected. But what is it that's bugging you now?"
"She wants to not only split the property, but have me support her for the rest of her life. What for? She wants to split everything equally. That's OK with me. She claims she's entitled to half of my pension, which is not OK with me, but I can live with it. She wants to split the property that I inherited from my aunt in England. It's outrageous. My aunt hated her. But I realize that there is nothing I can do. But to support her? Why? And you know what? I've talked to a few different lawyers, and they all claim that she has a good chance to win in court."
"Indeed, you can't do much so far as property is concerned," said George. "But support her? You have to do something about that."
"That's not all," added Kevin. "Now she doesn't want to sell the house until I stipulate in the separation agreement my obligation to support her! How can we split the property if we don’t sell it? It's going to be awfully expensive for me to pay the mortgage, pay her expenses, plus pay for my rent and my own expenses. There is nothing that I can do about it. No bloody law on earth will make her agree to sell the house." 
George stared at him with wide open eyes. When Kevin finished, he folded arms on his chest, radiating an expression of malicious joy.
"How much does she spend now?" he asked.
"About three thousand a month. And I have to pay the mortgage and all the other expenses on top of that. What for? Just to make the life of that bitch comfortable?"
"Listen," interrupted George. "It's very simple to resolve everything. Very simple."
"How?" Kevin expected a joke from his friend.
"As I said, very simple. Just stop paying her expenses. Leave her without a penny. Nobody on earth will make you pay her if there's no court decision. That means that she will live without money until she gets a divorce. You can make her do anything you want."
"Stop paying her expenses?" Kevin reflected for a moment. "That's an unusual idea. I would never have thought of that. Funny thing is that I've gotten so used to the principle of paying for my family that anything else was out of the question for me. She'll be mad at me, I bet. It probably never occurred to her that I could refuse to pay her expenses."
"Very good. Now, go and join Jennifer. Nice woman, isn't she?"
"That's true. Not a beauty though, but rather attractive. Here she is, coming back." 
Jennifer came up, sat in the chair, and sipped wine from a plastic cup.
"Talking about women?" she asked, throwing a suspicious glance at George.
"About my wife," admitted Kevin. "Not a very pleasant topic of conversation."
"She wants to rip you off?" 
"You bet." 
Kevin looked at her, intrigued.
"I didn't rip my husband off," she said, answering his silent question. "I took only a yacht, which we bought with a loan anyway. But I’m familiar with these matters. A woman can make hell out of a man's life during a divorce."
"You know why?" asked George, immediately answering his own question. "Because we have no law that defines things clearly. With our liberal judges you can never predict the outcome of the court hearing. I recently heard about a funny case in the States. A woman bought a cup of coffee at McDonald's, went out and tried to hold it between her knees while she was doing something else with her hands. She squeezed the plastic cup too tight and the hot coffee scalded her pussy."
"George!" warned Jennifer with a note of disapproval. 
"I read about that," said Kevin. "The judge awarded her a million bucks in compensation. Ridiculous, isn't it?" 
"The coffee, in the judge's opinion, was too hot for her pussy. I wonder sometimes where our judges got their education," George went on. "This one probably got educated in the jungle of the Amazon River. Doesn't he know, His Stupid Honour, that coffee is intended for oral, not vaginal use?"
"George!" shouted Jennifer in protest, but then burst into laughter.
"Has it ever come to his educated mind that the woman should have known it too? Actually, a brilliant idea struck me. I'll also do the same thing; buy a coffee at McDonald's and squeeze it between my knees."
"You have a penis though," remarked Kevin. "You won't be able to claim an injury. Just dry cleaning expenses, if any."
"Wrong you are," George retorted enthusiastically. "I can wear a skirt. I'll pretend I'm Scottish and not put on underwear. I'll claim a damage of one million and seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Five hundred thousand dollars for each ball and seven hundred and fifty for my penis." 
"Why do you value your penis that high?" asked Jennifer acidly. 
"Fond memories, if nothing else," said George emphatically. "Reminiscent of the romantic encounters of my younger years." 
He abruptly cut off his speech, watching three girls enter the veranda. 
"Here comes Sandra," he exclaimed. "Excuse me, I have to go." 
He blocked the path of the girls, and they screamed in excitement: "George!" 
"It's still hot here," noticed Kevin.
"I agree," nodded Jennifer. "The dock will be much cooler. Do you want to go?"
"Good idea." 
Kevin rose to his feet and took a bottle of wine. Jennifer picked up two disposable cups and led the way. They found a few plastic chairs scattered around. Kevin pulled two of them up and they sat against each other, very close to the edge. The yellow path painted on the water by the moonlight disappeared under the dock. The lake was calm, flat, and motionless, like a dark, polished stone.
"You like sailing?" asked Kevin.
"Very much. Not small boats, though, like the ones in this club. It's too much work. And they're only for short trips. With a large boat, you have more comfort. You can go places and see different cities, countries, and people. The world is a very beautiful and enjoyable place. Isn't it?"
"It probably is."
"Probably?"
"Yes. You have to understand the beauty in order to appreciate it. My life has been too busy. I spend my time chasing a career, success, and money. Now is probably a good time to look around. It's odd that the time to reflect and enjoy life comes with misfortunes."
"That's not true," argued Jennifer. "Everyone lives in their own world. For me it's always a good time to reflect and enjoy. I love to live. I love travel, nature. I’m not obsessed with career or achievements. My goal is to save some money and go around the globe on my yacht. I want to find a companion, though. All my friends have families and tons of obligations. There are a few guys in the club next to mine who are thinking of joining me."
"How often do you sail?"
"Almost every weekend, if the weather's good."
"Take me with you one time. I 'd like to try it."
"OK," agreed Jennifer. "Give me your phone number." 
Kevin fished out a business card from his pocket and handed it over to Jennifer.
"Don't take me for a lazy woman," Jennifer said. "I like hard work, too. I’m an independent woman and always will be. I’m a chartered accountant and have to work quite a bit sometimes to meet deadlines. But I want to make my life as balanced as possible." 
"You radiate positive energy," he said. "It's very nice being with you."
"I like your company, too." She glanced at him with gentle, smiling eyes. 
Nice woman, Kevin thought.
"Let’s go back," Jennifer suggested. "I’m sure that George is already looking for us." 

***

Kevin was about to leave his office for a meeting when the telephone rang. 
"You..." 
It was Gloria. She was short of breath. 
"You, bastard!" she shouted at last. "How dare you? Tell me, how dare you?" 
Her rage was bordering on madness. 
She would kill me if I was nearby, Kevin thought, but said nothing.
"Hello, hello. Are you there?" 
"I’m here. I’m listening."
"Why don't you answer?"
"Answer what?"
"You know very well what. How dare you to leave me without money? You cancelled my Visa. Do you know how embarrassed I was when the sales woman told me this? I wasn't able to pay for the coat I bought! You...you left our account with only three dollars and fifty-one cents. Cheap bastard! What am I supposed to do now?" 
"Sell the house. Sign a separation agreement with me on decent terms. You'll have plenty of money again." 
"What do you mean by decent terms?" 
"Anything you want, except one thing. I don’t want to support you. You're a healthy woman, and not a very old one at that." 
There was a gargling sound on the other end of the line. Kevin smiled. Gloria considered herself to be a very beautiful woman, which was true. But she was not that young anymore at thirty-eight. 
"Me? Working? You have to support me by law!" 
Her vocal cords were hardly capable of sustaining such a load.
"OK. If that's the law, you should go to the police and have them enforce it. Why are you calling me then?"
"I don’t have to go to police," Gloria kept shouting. "The court will enforce the law."
"Very well," agreed Kevin calmly. "Go to the court then and ask to enforce the law." 
A short silence followed as a last respect to the dying idea. Gloria apparently couldn’t find an argument. Kevin waited patiently, smiling. He realized what was going on at the other end of the line. Gloria was not capable of tolerating any objection. She used to be the queen of the family. Kevin rarely did anything against her will or liking, and only then under extreme circumstances when the well-being of the family was at stake. Now she was left without money! And he wouldn’t pay for her needs! 
A bastard, indeed, a terrible bastard. That was probably what was going through her mind.
"You are a cheap bastard!" shouted Gloria again. 
She was not creative with her arguments, which was not surprising. Never having to deal with practical matters in her life, she wasn't even able to withdraw money from the banking machine. She paid only by credit cards for her shopping, or by cash when Kevin gave her money. 
Gloria read a lot of fiction, which made her sound like a very educated woman in conversation. But this was only the appearance, not the substance. And now, when an important and practical decision had to be made, the only thing she was able to do is express her anger.
"Do you hear me?" she screamed. "You are three-fifty-one". By this she certainly meant the balance left on their account. "You left me without money. Me! Me! You are obligated to support your family. How dare you..."
"I have no family,” interrupted her Kevin. "I just have to deal with a whore that wants to live on my expense. Trust me, it will never happen. Do you trust me?"
"You have a daughter." Now Gloria touched upon the most sensitive subject. "How am I supposed to feed and clothe her?"
"I will take care of her. You may starve in the meantime. Where is she? I want to talk to her." 
"She does not want to talk to you."
"Listen, Gloria. You will only make things worse for yourself. Call Tonya at once."
His menacing tone apparently had the proper effect. 
"Tonya!" she shouted at the other end of the line. "Come here. Three-fifty-one wants to speak to you." 
Kevin had a strong impulse to insult her with the most poisonous words, but held himself back.
"Hi," said Tonya. Her voice was icy cold, as if she wanted to get rid of him as soon as possible.
"When can I meet you, darling?" Kevin asked.
"What for?"
"Tonya, please. I’m your father. What has your mother said about me?"
"You left us, like a traitor. Not only that, you don’t want to give us money. What are we supposed to live on?"
"Tonya, let’s meet and I will explain what happened. I left your mom, not you. You are my kid, and I will take care of you as long as necessary."
"Why did you leave Mom?"
"It's just between me and her."
"She said that you have no right not to give her money. If it's against the law, why did you do that?" 
Oh, gosh, thought Kevin. Gloria has done quite a job with their daughter.
"She can start working and support herself. But let’s discuss it later. I have to rush to a meeting right now."
"Mom said that you spend all your money on your lover. It's not fair to us."
"That is an outrageous lie!" shouted Kevin. "That is a lie! She is a liar, this repulsive—" He had to hold his breath and stop himself from speaking.
"Why did you leave us then? What for?"
"I can't explain it to you right now—" 
The click on the other end of the phone interrupted his speech. Tonya hung up on him. 
How am I supposed to tell my kid that her mother is a slut? he thought. Should I tell her what really happened? Should I degrade her mother to the rank she belongs? I'd better not. Maybe sometime later, but not now when Tonya is so young.
He picked up his papers and left for the meeting.

***

When Kevin moved into the rented apartment, he left many things behind: clothing, books, numerous binders with private and business documents, and a lot of other things that life could not go on without. On Friday, he left work earlier than usual and decided to pick up his stuff. He also wanted to see his daughter with the hope of making her understand that he didn't abandon her. All he needed to do was call home and make sure that Tonya was there. 
He went upstairs to the living room to use the telephone and found Lucy there sitting quietly in a chair reading a book. 
"Good evening, Lucy," he said. 
She took her eyes off the page and greeted him with an affable smile.
"Good evening. Please sit down."
"I don’t mean to disturb you," Kevin said. "May I make a call from your phone?"
"Of course. It's yours, as I said when you moved in. Please, make yourself comfortable." 
She made an attempt to get off the chair, but Kevin stopped her.
"Please, sit down. I have no secrets from you. It will take just a minute."
"You don’t need to rush," said Lucy. "I’m glad to see you. At my age it's pleasant to have a company. Unfortunately, almost all my friends and contemporaries are gone, and younger people are too busy chasing their luck and fortunes."
Kevin responded with a smile and dialled his home number. 
"Hello." It was Gloria. 
"It's me. Is Tonya at home?"
"No. What's the matter?"
"I want to speak to her. Where is she?"
"She doesn't want to speak to you." 
"I've already heard that. It doesn't make sense to discuss this matter with you. I'll come and see her today or tomorrow. Besides, I have to pick up the rest of my stuff."
"You don’t have the right to come here, or take anything without my permission. Make a list of what you want to take. I'll review it and let you know which things I will allow you to take."
"Make a list of things for you?" Kevin was genuinely surprised. "You will decide what I can take from my home, and what I cannot? How did this stupid idea ever come to your mind, clever girl?"
"My lawyer advised me. If you wish to split the property, you have no right to take anything until the property is formally split by the court or an agreement."
"Oh, that explains it. You are a clever girl, after all. But why can't I take my papers, photographs, personal things?"
"You take nothing. Make a list and I will decide what you can, or can't take. Mind you, you can't enter the house without my permission. Stay away from my house." 
She hung up. 
"Such a bitch," commented Kevin aloud. 
He met with Lucy's questioning eyes. "She decides whether I can enter my house, or not. She decides what I can or cannot take. Interesting. She gets good instructions from her lawyer." 
"Excuse me for having overheard your conversation," the old lady said apologetically, "but I couldn't help it”.
"Of course, of course," agreed Kevin. "There are no secrets, as I said."
"I’m a former lawyer. I understand what has happened. I might be of help to you with some advice, if you wish."
"Sure. It would be nice. I don’t have a lawyer yet."
"Let me ask you something first. Does she work?"
"No. She has never worked in her life. I provided her with everything."
"Does she do housework, community work, or any other useful things?"
"Never did. As a mater of fact, she claims that cleaning and cooking degrades a woman to the rank of a slave. Most of the housework was done by a cleaning lady." 
"What does she do, then?"
"Reading, shopping — she likes changing her wardrobe — socializing with other lazy bitches. Excuse my vocabulary."
"It's OK." 
Lucy stared at the ceiling, apparently thinking. 
"If I were your lawyer, I would advise you to be very careful about going home to meet her. She can do a lot of harm, if she wants to. Legally, you can't take things from your home without her permission. That is true. You have to split your property first. And this is a legal matter. She's also right there. However, I think that your risk in this case is not that great."
"What do you mean?" 
Kevin had never dealt with these sorts of legalities. Now he was very interested.
"I gather she has no experience in practical matters. She won't be able to decide on the spot what to do when you come. The law is one thing. Enforcement is another. She cannot enforce the law herself, and you say she doesn't know how to get things done. It would be useless to call the police. They don't deal with these sorts of disputes unless violence is involved. But, nevertheless, one thing is clear to me. She will try to do as much harm to you as she can."
"Why do you think so?" 
The old lady responded to this question with a smile. "Because I know by experience. When someone is not able to reciprocate with kind deeds, he will pay them off with abomination. The less grateful she was while you lived together, the more harmful will she become at the time of separation. Actually, this holds true for both females and males."
"Well... I hope that she will come to her senses. I'll try to talk to her. I know that there are people who remain on friendly terms after a divorce." 
The old lady shook her head in disagreement.
"It's very unlikely that you will remain on good terms with her. Hate will separate you forever."
Kevin felt that there was some merit in what Lucy said. However, there was always the calming effect of time, he thought. After a while, everyone will get used to the new situation and come to terms with it. 

He arrived at his former home immediately after work the following evening. Everything was in familiar order — nice, clean, and sparkling under the light of the sunset beaming through huge windows. Nobody was inside. Kevin set off placing all his stuff into boxes, carefully picking only necessary things. Just as he was about to move the boxes out, the click of the front door lock broke the silence. A moment later, Gloria came in followed by Tonya. 
"What are you doing here?" Gloria shouted. Red spots of fury dotted across her face. 
"Picking up my things. Calm down." 
Kevin didn't expect such a fury.
"You have nothing of yours in this house," she kept shouting. "Don't you remember what I said? You shall not come here without my permission!"
Her eyes became shifty and pale. She looked like a mad woman. 
"Out!" she screamed. "Out! Otherwise, I’ll call the police!" She stretched her arm, pointing her finger to the front door. 
"Very good," said Kevin calmly. "Call the police." He sat down in a chair in a relaxed pose. 
"Call the police," he repeated. "Let’s see how quickly they come." 
He was now able to see her, not as a husband, but as an outsider not blinded by love and habit. It was fun to discover that he understood her behaviour. She thought of herself as a woman with a lot of power over him and other people. Now she had no control over anyone. She had no money, and quite likely, none of her rich lady friends around. They usually deserted each other in times of trouble. She was not the centre of the universe anymore. All of a sudden, she was diminished to almost nothing. Unable to adapt to this new situation, she stood motionless, incapacitated.
"Mom," Tonya broke the silence timidly. "Why can’t Dad take his belongings?"
"None of your business!" shouted Gloria again.
She must have realized, at last, that the game was lost. She turned abruptly, ran upstairs, and shut the door to the bedroom behind her with a thundering sound.
"Now you can see what your mom is about," said Kevin. "Listen, Tonya. You’re my kid. I love you, and I always will. You have to understand that, no matter what your mom has said about me. Can I meet you sometime? After school? Can I?"
"OK, Daddy," Tonya said faintly. "I’ll call you."
"Very good." 
Kevin picked up his boxes, loaded them into the trunk of his car, and left.  
***
This was a crazy day. The phone rang off the hook. One caller in particular, however, made his day: Tonya.
"Hi, Daddy," she said. 
How sweet the words were! He almost jumped from his chair.
"Yes, darling," he responded, holding his breath. "Yes, my sweet. How are you?"
"Can we meet, Daddy?"
"Of course. Any time."
"How about today?"
"Very well. Let me finish up a few things first. Is seven o'clock OK with you?"
"Yes. I'll be in the Second Cup coffee shop, the one near us."
"Nice. See you there at seven."
Something has happened, Kevin thought. 

***

Tonya greeted him with her usual joyful smile.
"Forgive me, Daddy," she said when he sat at the table. "I wasn't fair to you."
Tonya is a reasonable girl, he thought. "It's OK. Don't worry about that."
"I trusted Mom. But I don't think the things she says are always true, to put it mildly." 
"You got into a fight with her?"
"I asked her why she doesn't want to work. She screamed at me like mad. I don’t understand that. I have no plans to live off of my husband, if I ever get married."
Kevin smiled, but said nothing. He felt that Tonya had much more to say. 
"She's very scared of any expenses now," Tonya said, raising her eyebrows. "All of a sudden she realized that she has no source of income other than you. Actually, this scared both of us — no money for food, gas, or anything. Now she's afraid that we'll lose the house if you don’t pay the mortgage. Somebody from the bank called and threatened to sell under power of sale. Mom is dead-scared of taking care of things. She doesn't know a thing."
"What does she want to do?"
"She agreed to sell the house. She's had even found an agent. But you both have to sign the papers. That's what she says. She wants me to ask you to call the agent, review papers, and sign them." 
"Very nice." 
Kevin was pleased with what his daughter said. 
"I will certainly do it. The sooner we sign the separation agreement, the faster she'll get her share of our assets."
"She wants me to ask you how we’ll live in the meantime. There is no money in the bank account."
"I'll put some money into the bank — enough to cover the bills. Don't you worry, dear. Here's four hundred dollars for you to get by on until the money is in the bank. If you need anything, let me know. Here's the phone at my apartment. You know my number at work. Remember, you are the dearest thing to me. I will always be with you, as long as I live. No matter what happens between me and your mom, I’m your father."
"What happened between you, though?" 
Tonya’s glance was the one of intense curiosity. Kevin could hardly suppress a smile. She was eager to know everything, not only as a daughter but also as a woman sensing something intriguing and exciting. 
"You have never told me your side of the story," she added. 
"I can't," Kevin said decisively. "Not now. Maybe some time later, when it’ll be not that… essential. For now, your mom and dad are your parents, the best people for you in the world. Let's leave it at that until this ordeal is behind us. In the meantime, tell your mom that I will help her with practical matters. If she needs my help, of course."  
"That's what she wants." Tonya gave him a welcome smile. 
"She begs you to help her. But she was afraid to call you. She thinks that you're very angry with her. Should I tell her to call you?"
"Yes, by all means."
A few days later, his office telephone rang just as he was about to leave. It was Gloria. Her voice was unexpectedly mellow and soft.
"Hi, Kevin. I need your help. I have no idea how to write the cheques to pay the bills. I have no idea how to withdraw cash from the bank. Tonya doesn't either. Thank you for the money, though." 
She was quite nice, he thought. There's no aggression or animosity in her voice, as if the bitterness of the past never occurred.
"How come?" he asked her.
"Because I have never done it before. You know that. None of my lady friends know either." 
"Take the cheque book and I'll explain it to you over the phone," Kevin suggested.
"I’m afraid, I’m not that smart in financial matters to catch it over the phone," she admitted timidly. "Could you come and show me how? It won't take long, I guess." 
She was patient and calm, her voice reconciliatory, if not friendly. There was no trace of hatred or rage. 
"OK. When do you wish me to come?"
"Anytime. Today, if you don’t mind."
"I will come at six."
"Good. I'll be waiting for you."
He arrived at exactly six o'clock and found Gloria sitting in an armchair, one leg over the other, with a book in her hands. She wore a short skirt, casually revealing the slightly tanned, warm, soft skin of her legs. She was wearing a light undershirt, which favourably showed off her shoulders and breasts. This was the way she preferred to dress when she was at home relaxing. For a very brief moment, he thought of how very sweet she was in bed, as if she were still his wife, but the next moment, he made a considerable effort to return to a businesslike mood.
"Where is Tonya?" Kevin asked. "I want her to hear my explanation, too."
"She's gone to a party. She'll probably be back by ten."
"OK. Let me go upstairs and get all of the necessary paperwork,” Kevin said coldly. 
Gloria put her book aside and nodded. She was not aggressive today. The blink of her eyes revealed a faint trace of fear.
"OK," Gloria said quietly, like an obedient girl. 
Her behaviour aroused pity. 
It was a blow for her, Kevin thought while picking up the cheque book and bills, to descend from the stature of a queen to a helpless, neglected woman. The first blow of cruel reality is always the hardest. She will be more accommodating to others. And others will come soon.
This vengeful thought made him smile, but he quickly restored a blank expression of indifference and went downstairs. He settled in at the huge dinner table, placed all papers in a row in descending order of importance and then opened up the first of the monthly bills. Gloria pulled up the chair beside him, placed her elbows on the table, and leaned her chin into the palms of her hands. 
Their dinner table was not meant for this sort of meeting. A huge, thick piece of glass sat atop a wrought iron stand. Through the glass, Kevin caught a glimpse of the gap in her skirt, which exposed a leg, naked to the hip. She probably noticed where he glanced, and this made him angry of himself. 
"Now, look here,” he said, opening a cheque book. "Write the name of the company you are paying the bill on this line here. And here you write the sum you are paying, which is shown on the bill right here." 
Gloria listened to him and asked questions when she needed clarification. She sometimes repeated his explanations to make sure that she understood everything. She was doing well, he admitted to himself. When he finished, she stretched her legs, leaned back in the chair, and crossed her arms behind her neck. 
Very attractive woman, this bitch, Kevin thought, angrily chasing away the acute splash of lust. 
"Now," she said. "How much will you give us per month to live on? We don’t even have a penny for food. We have nothing to live on until the house is sold."
"I promised to pay all of the regular bills. Do you have any idea how much you need for your necessities?"
"Yes. We need about twenty five hundred a month. I’m talking about the bare minimum."
Kevin chuckled. 
"What is the break down of your expenses?"
Gloria stood up. 
"I'll make a cup of coffee for you,” she said and went to the kitchen. 
"That's nice of you," said Kevin. "Thank you."
"We need about a thousand dollars for food," Gloria said from the kitchen. "About eight hundred dollars for clothes. That's eighteen hundred. And about seven hundred for miscellaneous things, entertainment, you know."
"A thousand per month for food? You must eat like a battalion of soldiers to need that much. Five hundred would be more than enough for two women."
"You don’t count expenses for restaurants," argued Gloria, appearing from the kitchen, holding a tray with two cups of coffee and other amenities on it.
"True. I didn't count restaurants, and I will not provide you with money for this. You have to start working to pay for that sort of extravagance."
"What about clothing?" Gloria placed a cup in front of him, watching his reaction.
"You don’t have clothes?" asked Kevin.
"Tonya and I used to spend that much a month, or even more. We don’t have clothes for every occasion."
"Let me see your wardrobe," said Kevin, rising. 
He went upstairs into the bedroom and opened a walk-in closet. The huge space was stuffed with Gloria's clothes. Many of the packages had never been opened.
"Why haven't you opened these?" asked Kevin. 
Gloria looked at him with a mixture of hatred and fear.
"I didn't have time," she said unconvincingly. 
Kevin left the closet and went back downstairs. 
"One thousand dollars a month would be enough for you," he said. "That is all I can give to you for the time being." 
He stopped at the front door and turned around. Gloria came up close to him, too close, as if trying to drive him to the corner. 
"What about coffee?"
"I have to go," Kevin said, but a strange lustre in her eyes incapacitated him. All of a sudden, she grasped him firmly by the groin. Kevin was startled, confused, unable and unwilling to move. A hot, painfully enjoyable electric shock spread in waves to his buttocks, stomach, and heart, drumming his temples, throat, and ears. She stared at him with wide-open, shameless eyes of an impatient female craving to being had. He lost control of himself and squeezed her tight in his shaking hands. She gave him a long, sensual kiss, playing devilishly with his lips and tongue. He closed his eyes and sank into magical darkness. He admitted his unconditional surrender. 
"Let’s go upstairs," she whispered sweetly, relaxing her body as soft and yielding as a plush toy. 
"OK," he agreed, loosening his grip. 
She escaped his clutches and set off upstairs, taking off and throwing one piece of clothing after another. She wasn't wearing much anyway. No bra. No underwear. When she reached the last step of the staircase, she was completely naked. 
She probably set this all up, he thought for a fraction of a second, but the burning desire for this deplorable woman melted his brain, leaving only rudimentary instincts to control his behaviour.
Their sex was wild and violent, with sounds of joy, pain, and tremendous physical tension, as if they were determined to release into each other all of the accumulated hatred, suppressed love, and acute lust of the long craving. After the last spasm of joy shook their bodies, they laid entangled in each other's for a few minutes, silent and gasping. 
"It was sweet," she whispered.
"Devastatingly so," he said, still holding her in his arms. This is madness, he thought. This is a sheer madness. 
Gloria embraced him with her legs and squeezed them tightly together.
"I got a piece of junk mail yesterday," she whispered. "They were offering a nice package to Las Vegas. Why don't we go there?"
"Like a honeymoon?"
"Maybe we’ll be able to reconcile. Don't you think so? Maybe you still love me?"
"OK," agreed Kevin after a moment of hesitation. "Let’s try it."
"Will you stay tonight?"
"No. I’d rather not. And I think I should leave before Tonya comes home."
When he was leaving the house, Gloria once again stopped him at the door. 
"Truly, Kevin, give me and Tonya some more money. Tonya and I are not used to such misery. Really, Kevin..."
"OK. I’ll give you some more. We can come to some kind of terms, I’m pretty sure, when we sign our separation agreement. Everything could be considered after that."    
In the following week, Kevin was too busy at work to think about his family affairs. Gloria had a wonderful body, no doubt about that. She could seduce a saint, if she wanted to. It was not clear, though, what her intentions were, other than immediate support. Kevin hoped to figure it all out in Las Vegas where there would be plenty of time to speak and argue, if necessary. He decided firmly, however, that their marriage was over. This is what he mentioned to her when they boarded the plane on the way to Las Vegas.
"We can get together from time to time, though," he said, looking at her cleavage when she leaned into him as the plane landed. "I still love you." 
Gloria did not respond. 
Las Vegas was choking with the influx of people and cars. The excruciating heat was no deterrent to those who were hungry for entertainment and a gambling rush. At the Mirage hotel, an endless flow of people moved through the tropical forest planted in the middle of the lobby. On the way to their room, they encountered a group of people walking hesitantly along the pathway. 
"You see," Gloria said, nodding at a man and four women with the black shawls over their heads. "That looks like a Muslim guy with his four wives. I wonder what his separation agreement would look like with all of them. Should it be a package deal or does he have to deal with each of them individually?"
"I think his divorce would be much simpler," said Kevin. “That is why women there are much more faithful and obedient. I doubt that you wish to be one of those."
They spent a few lovely hours in bed and then had a good dinner in one of the local restaurants. No mention of divorce was made, as if nothing had happened between them over the past few months. As they passed through the casino on their way back to the room, Gloria stopped at the roulette table and stared at the spinning wheel as if she were hypnotized. Kevin glanced at the red plastic sign close to the wheel and knew exactly what had caught her eye. The minimum bet was one hundred dollars, and there were piles of chips worth enough to feed a working family for the whole year. Three security guards stood around the table blocking access for anyone who did not intend to participate in the game. Five men and one woman sat around the wheel, all relaxed and apparently in very good moods. They laughed and shouted each time the white ball fell into the numbered slots of the spinning wheel, not in the least disappointed when the dealer pulled piles of their chips off the table.
Kevin studied each gambler. Three of them did not look very intelligent. On the contrary, they were fairly rough people who got rowdy regardless of the outcome of each spin. The woman and the man beside them were a bit different. Although they were part of the group, they expressed their emotions in a more restrained manner and demonstrated little interest for the outcome of each spin. The strange thing was that nothing attracted their attention, either. Kevin watched with horror and excitement as the dealer shifted fortunes off the table after each spin, giving the gamblers space for another bet. 
"Let's go, Gloria," he said at last. "It’s getting boring." 
"I like the game," objected Gloria. "Do you mind me watching it a bit longer? I’ll come up to the room in little while." 
"OK," agreed Kevin. "Whatever you wish."
Upon returning to their suite, he went to bed with a magazine to kill time until Gloria got back. An hour later, in walked a bubbly, excited and happy Gloria. 
"This couple," she said with feverish sparks in her eyes, "they'd lost thousands. And you know what? They smiled! This money would be enough for me to shop for months! I struck up a conversation with them. They invited us to meet at the swimming pool tomorrow — in one of those tents for the high rollers. I think it'd be nice. They have soft cushions over there, TV, and whatnot. Their place is the second behind the whirlpool if you go left from the Paradise Cafe."
"I don’t like that sort of people," Kevin mumbled. "They are usually arrogant and boring. But if you want..."  

They got up late in the morning and began walking around the swimming pool, which looked more like a small lake with its elegant bridges leading to the open bar under the roof of palm leaves.  At the lake centre sat a huge rock, over which the never-ending waterfall nicely cooled the water, making it pleasant and refreshing for swimming. 
Tropical bushes and large palm trees along the paved path provided nice shaded areas for those who want to avoid the sun. Kevin noticed the couple under one of the cosy tents designated for high rollers. The man sat on the soft couch holding a thick cigar in his mouth. His posture and face radiated self-confidence, contempt for the people around him, and brutal physical force. 
His wife sat in the opposite corner of the tent turning her dark sunglasses to the water descending from the rock.  The man noticed them, got up, and gestured them over. 
"Glad to have you as my guests," he said, stretching his hand to Kevin. "My name is Robert. How are you?"
Kevin shook his hand.
"Kevin." 
"We already introduced ourselves yesterday," Robert responded. "Please sit down. This is my Darlene."
His wife nodded coldly and squeezed out a faint smile. "How are you?" She nodded with contempt on her face. Obviously, she did not want to hear any reply.
"Your wife wanted to try roulette gambling and I promised to teach her the game," Robert said. "She’s never tried it! I can't believe it. It’s such an exciting game. Isn't it, Darlene?"
"It is," Darlene replied coolly, not giving a single glance to her husband and guests.
"If you want to," continued Bob, "I can join you today. I am a sort of addict, you know. I can play the game for hours and hours." 
"If my husband is generous enough to give me a hundred dollars, I’ll try it," said Gloria with a sweet smile. Robert looked at Kevin with his brows high up.
"Here’s two hundred," said Kevin, pulling the cash out of his wallet.
"Well then," said Robert, “why don't we go and play now? In the morning, tables aren’t that crowded. We can place bets faster. It’s more exciting. What do you say, Kevin?"
"Not me," responded Kevin indifferently. "I prefer the swimming pool and cocktails."
"Fine," exclaimed Gloria excitedly. "Let’s go then, Bobby. Our spouses can join us any time."
"Well," commented Robert, turning to Kevin. "I hope my wife will entertain you in the meantime. Right, Darlene?"
"Right," responded Darlene unemotionally, her eyes concentrated on the waterfall. 
"You don’t mind, do you, honey?" asked Gloria sweetly, and kissed Kevin on the cheek. 
"Not at all," said Kevin. "Have fun." 
Robert and Gloria went off, leaving Kevin with silent and chilling Darlene. A few minutes passed in awkward silence. 
"Nice place," said Kevin.
It was not a very clever topic to start a conversation off with such a drag of a woman, but good enough to remind her of his existence, he thought.  Darlene nodded. It was obvious that she hated this place.
"May I ask you a question? You don’t have to answer if you don’t want to. I don’t mean to be intrusive..."
"Ask anything," Darlene responded indifferently.
"What does your husband do? It seems that he is a man of power."
"He is not my husband anymore," said Darlene. "We came here to obtain a quick divorce."
"I’m sorry to hear that," said Kevin sincerely. "Didn't you try to contest it?"
"No."
"Why?"
"He’s a dangerous man. Besides, it will be quite a relief for me. Do you like your wife?"
"Yes, I do. Why?"
"Watch her."
"Why?"
"Don’t ask. Just watch. If you care." 
Darlene took off her sunglasses and looked at him meaningfully. There was something unpleasant and disturbing in the expression of her face.
"But why?" insisted Kevin. 
Darlene put on her sunglasses once again, lit a cigarette and leaned back. After a minute of silence, Kevin got up and went to the casino. Watching Gloria play would be just a waste of time, but something in Darlene's tone was very convincing. He quickly crossed the aisle with roulette tables, but Gloria and Robert were nowhere. He didn’t find them at the other gambling tables, bars, or restaurants, either. Kevin went back to the pool, changed, and plunged into the water to cool himself off, then took the first available seat, laid down, and closed his eyes. 
Where have they gone? he thought, trying to guess. What kind of behaviour is this? In the afternoon, the heat of the sun became unbearable. Kevin went to the room, laid on the bed and started reading one of the women's magazines devoted to cosmetics and how-to tips on attracting and pleasing men and shaping your body to look gorgeous, with examples of smiling, slim girls. 
How to become Beautiful and Deadly Attractive read the title. Three Easy Steps
Gloria came in at about four o'clock. She looked happy, relaxed, and tired, like a person after playing tennis or golf.
"Where have you been?" asked Kevin, angrily throwing away the magazine. 
"Gambling, of course" said Gloria, touching up a stubborn curl of hair. "It was so exciting. You should have introduced me to this game before."
"Where did you gamble?"
"Here, in the casino."
"I looked for you. I couldn’t find you."
"Oh, yes, we went to the Bellagio first. Robert showed me a few very nice places there."
She stood up in front of a huge mirror and began removing her clothes and throwing them on the chair. 
"I want to take a shower," she said, removing pins from her hair while slightly swaying naked hips. 
"It is awfully hot outside. Do you want to join me? It would be nice if you rubbed my back." 
She turned to him, stood motionless for a few moments, then went into the bathroom. Kevin took off his clothes and followed her. 
Gloria was already standing under the warm shower, her wet hair sticking to her cheeks. She put her arms around his neck.
"Do you want to wash my back?"
"Yes," said Kevin, his excitement growing. "Turn around." 
She leaned forward and placed her palms against the wall for balance. Very feminine, Kevin thought. He poured some gel on his hands and was about to place them on her back when he noticed a few red spots on her hips and buttocks. Someone had held her with great force, leaving the trace of nails on her skin. Gloria made a flirtatious motion with her pretty bum.
"Where are these red spots from?" asked Kevin furiously.
"What spots?" she asked playfully, without turning her head.
He raised his voice. "Here. Look. On your hips and bum. What are they?" 
She straightened up, turned her face toward him.
"I don't know," she said innocently. 
Kevin slapped her on the face and stepped out of the bath tab.
"You’re a slut!" he shouted. "I never knew that you were such a slut! I can't believe it!"
He took a towel and left the bathroom. Gloria did not respond. The only sounds were the whisper of the shower and splashes of water. Kevin dried himself off and laid on the bed, unable to put his thoughts in order. 
Gloria had a very feminine body. Her hips were a bit wider than her shoulders, contrasting nicely with her narrow waist. When in the mood for sex, she would to position herself on her knees, naked, with her breasts firmly against the mattress. She flexed her waist down and stretched her arms straight, far above her head, keeping her palms together, like divers do when jumping into the water. In this position, her waist and shoulders looked even smaller. The whole body got progressively narrower, cone-shaped from the hips to the tips of her fingers. It was a very exciting view, indeed. There was definitely an incentive for Robert to grasp her with such physical force.
Gloria came in, wrapped in a thick towel from waist down, her wet hair spread over her shoulders. Kevin watched her with intense hate and jealousy. She was very seductive and yet rather cold and self composed. There was no trace of shame, guilt, or remorse in her look or behaviour. She sat at the table, leaned back on the chair, lit a cigarette, and breathed in the smoke with obvious enjoyment, looking at him with cold eyes while elegantly crossing her legs.  
"I want the truth!" shouted Kevin. "Stop the lies! Enough is enough!" 
He wanted to hit her again. 
"You want the truth?" she asked unemotionally. "OK, I think it’s time for you to know the truth. Yes, I was fucking him. Yes, he is a stranger. And for your information, he is far from being the first one I’ve had a casual affair with." 
She waited for Kevin’s reaction, but he didn’t utter a word.
"I was born a slut, but nobody knew it except me," continued Gloria. "And you deprived me of the way of life that I like. My Christian parents stuffed my head with such shit as ‘a decent girl should not do this and that.’ But I wanted sex badly. That’s why I married you so early. And with married life came new restrictions. ‘A decent married woman should not do this or that.’ And then came a child, with new obligations and restrictions. For years I watched blue movies when you were at work, and masturbated a lot. Yes, masturbated! I wanted sex! I am not the type that wants some spiritual closeness before the sex. I want rough, exciting sex with a complete stranger. I wanted sex like in the blue movies. I wanted excitement. And there was a moment in my life when I told myself. no more restrictions! I want to be myself, to hell with the morals and opinions of other people. I began dating whoever I could lay my hands on. I had a lot of sex in the mornings, when you and Tonya were out. In the afternoon, when I was exhausted, I needed a nap. That’s why you often found me in bed after work. I’m not a whore. A whore has sex for money. I don’t mind ripping a man off, but the excitement of sex is what I am after."
She fell silent. Kevin was not able to utter a word. Her confession shocked him. 
"You are a slut indeed," he said at last, slowly selecting words. "It is a proper name for you. It’s inconceivable. I had no idea what kind of woman I was living with."
Gloria turned to the mirror and began putting make-up on her face. 
"That is what I am." 
She began to dress. 
"I never want to see you again for the rest of my life,” said Kevin and turned his head to the window.
He heard Gloria packing her belongings. She broke the silence and began speaking loudly and with irritation.
"I was born that way. What can I do? Restrain myself all my life? I understand what you think. You provided all the means for my seemingly happy life. I was doing nothing, except shopping. But it was not a happy life for me! It was a comfortable prison."
"You should have found something useful to do,” argued Kevin accusingly. "Then you would be thinking about sex less. Apparently, life was too good for you."
"No! That is not true!" replied Gloria. "It would have been another obstacle to my happy life. Nothing would compare with the satisfaction of good sex. I feel elevated when a man starts lifting my skirt, takes off my underwear and—"
"Beat it!" screamed Kevin. "I don’t want to hear you anymore. I don’t want to see you again."
"I agree. There is no need for us to see each other." Gloria picked up the suitcase and moved to the door.
"I just wonder," Kevin said, "what made you come here with me to reconcile. It doesn't make sense."
Gloria looked back, shrugged her shoulders, and left the room. 
***

On the way back from Las Vegas, Gloria was nowhere to be seen. Her seat in the airplane was empty, which gave Kevin a token of relief. He did not want to see her. Upon arrival, he made a few calls home to try to catch Tonya, but no one picked up the phone. He left a message and Tonya responded the next evening.
"Where is Mom?" was her first question.
"I don’t know. She left me in Las Vegas."
"What?" 
It's no wonder that Tonya is bewildered, Kevin thought. "Are you at home, Tonya?"
"Yes, I am. What happened?"
"Wait, wait. I will come right now. You can ask as many questions as you like. OK?"
Kevin jumped into his car and arrived about a half hour later. Tonya was in the living room, standing impatiently by the chair. 
"What happened with Mom?" 
Kevin sat at the sofa, trying to compose himself. He was not able to find any suitable explanation, except telling the truth.
"Your mom picked up a man there," he said, trying hard not to display his anger. 
Tonya froze speechless, her mouth half open.
"Believe it or not, it's true. As a matter of fact, this whole mess started when I caught her with a lover in our bedroom. I came home when she didn't expect me. That’s what your mother is about."
"I can't believe it," Tonya whispered. 
"Let's not talk about it. How are things with you?"
Tonya delayed her answer for a few seconds, apparently trying to recover from the shocking news. 
"I was accepted to the university," she said at last. 
"Good. That's good news. What are you going to study?"
"You know that I wanna be a teacher. Tell me, where is she now?"
"I don't know. Probably with the man she picked up. He has plenty of money to entertain her."
They avoided talking about Gloria for the rest of the evening. 
When the time came to leave, Kevin hugged her.
"Don't worry. Everything will settle for the better."
Tonya nodded and kissed him on the cheek.

Two weeks later, the real estate agent called Kevin at the office.
"You have a buyer," he said, "but there is one complication. Your wife doesn't agree with the price. The buyer is only offering five thousand less than the asking price. I don't think it's too bad, considering the market."
"I will talk to her," promised Kevin. 
He twisted his lips. Talking to his wife was not to his liking.
When he got home, Lucy called him from upstairs.
"Kevin, somebody wants to talk to you. Would you please come up?"
"Coming!" he shouted. 
In the living room, everything was clean and tidy, as usual. Lucy was sitting in the chair with a book in her hands. 
"You see," she said reproachfully, "it would be better to have your own telephone downstairs."
"I always thought that this arrangement was temporary," Kevin said. "I am not getting many calls anyway."
He picked up the phone. It was his lawyer.
"I've got your separation papers in front of me. Your wife's lawyer made a few changes to it. Want to hear them?"
"Of course."
"Your wife claims that the cause of separation is mental and physical abuse. Have you ever abused your wife?"
"It's a lie!" Kevin shouted. "I can't believe that she said that!"
"Calm down, calm down,” interrupted the lawyer. 
His voice was dry and unemotional, as if he wanted to give Kevin an example how calm his reaction should be. After all, dealing with other people's feelings was part of his profession.
"Please, try to recall … if anything that you did or said could be interpreted as mental or physical abuse. I have to know the truth. Leave the rest up to me."
"Listen, Mike…" Kevin was trying to suppress his rage against his wife and his lawyer, who dared to suspect him. "All my life, I was trying to please her. There was nothing else in our relationship. What she has said is an outrageous lie."
"It's OK, Kevin. I trust you." 
Bastard, thought Kevin. He doesn't trust anyone. That is what his remark means.
"Maybe it was the lawyer who had advised her to make this change," Mike said. "But there is another thing that your wife wants: support for the rest of her life. Or your life, for that matter."
Kevin held his breath.
"I understand," said Mike, not waiting for Kevin's response. "You don’t have to say a thing."
"But she agreed not to claim for support. A slut! Disgusting slut!" 
"This means that you are facing a contested divorce, a very expensive and painful procedure. What are you going to do? You don’t have to give me an answer now. Just think about it and let me know when you have one. OK?" 
Kevin sat dumbfounded for a few minutes after this conversation. 
She's a miserable whore, he thought. No doubt Tonya had spoken to her. I will stop transferring money into her account, but she probably understands that. What she is going to live on? It's a puzzle. Will she work? Very unlikely.
"Something happened?" Lucy asked, snapping him out of his thoughts and looking at him with understanding eyes.
"My wife made amendments to the separation agreement. She wants financial support. Imagine, being a slave to this whore for the rest of my life! And that's in addition to giving her half of all my assets, including my pension. She didn't earn a penny! What's your opinion, Lucy? Does she have a good chance to win in court?"
"Anything is possible. It depends on who the judge is. Our judicial system doesn't depend much on the law. The law says very clearly that everyone has to be self-sustained. Then lawyers and judges come forward and say: 'But...' At this point, in many cases such support is necessary and fully justified. But some men manage to get away with paying nothing. There are, however, many cases when a woman makes a claim for support only because she is used to a high-standard, lazy life on her husband's money. The inclination of some of our liberal judges is to rob a rich man as much as possible. They couldn't care less whether justice is done or not. You will be considered as a fairly well-to-do man, so be prepared for the worst."
Kevin looked out at the green lawn through the window, thinking.
"Is there anything I can do?" he asked.
"Yes, if you are prepared to play the same dirty game. There is no honest way of dealing with dishonest people, unfortunately. They always have an advantage over honest people." 
Lucy swayed her head in disapproval, as if answering her own thoughts.
"What is it, then?" asked Kevin impatiently.
"Leave your job. Claim that you've had a nervous breakdown or some other serious illness and cannot continue your usual activities. A nervous breakdown is the best though. It's hard for any doctor to deny it right away with one hundred percent certainty. Your wife will not be able to wait until the final medical conclusion. The fact that you've left a top ranking position in a large corporation would be good evidence that it's true. Bring to the table any fact that speaks against her. This means exposing your dirty linen in public, which is not a pleasant thing, I know. If there was adultery at any time during your marriage, bring it up. Don't be shy. Claim that this eventually brought your marriage to a dead end. Introduce other factors that might never have existed. For any dirty trick on her side, respond with your own until she realizes that there is no chance to win this way."
"Will the court investigate all the allegations?"
"It may never come to this point. As soon as her lawyer knows that you are unemployed and have had a nervous breakdown, she will come to terms with reality. Think about it. What chance is there to get support from an unemployed man? What kind of support can a sick man without income provide? Even the most feminist-minded judge will not be able to calculate how much of a non-existing income should be allocated to support a healthy female who does not want to work. But, I'm quite sure that it will not come to that point. The only trouble is that you would lose your job and it would be hard to start your career over again."
"I couldn't care less about that," remarked Kevin. "Lucy, dear. You’ve been sent to me by heaven. Thank you so much."
"Don't mention it. You are a good man. I can see it. I would be happy to help if I could."
"I will leave my job next week. After we have split assets, she will have enough to live quite comfortably for another ten years. Not as good as she’s used to, but quite comfortably. If she wants to live better, however, she has to work." 
Kevin uttered the words with vengeful satisfaction.
"In my practice," Lucy said, "many women who never worked believe that work is the most horrible thing that could ever happen to them. To a certain extent, it's true, because most of those have no idea how to handle conflicts in a hostile world. For them, working from nine to five, plus a two-hour commute looks like a terrible waste of time, life, and energy. They would do anything to avoid such a disaster." 
"She will never get any support from me, I swear," Kevin said emphatically.
"It might help if you let her know that with a contested divorce, she will have to spend most of her money on her lawyer. Not much will be left for her after your property is split. Lawyers are very greedy when it comes to charging well-to-do people for their services. She might be very poor after all."
"Why didn't my lawyer give me the same advice?" Kevin asked.
"Because it's unethical to give such advice. He would run the risk of being disbarred. He might have other reasons too. Lawyers are different. Your wife's lawyer may have very few scruples." 
At this moment, the doorbell rang.
“I’m not expecting anyone,” said Lucy, surprised.
“I'll get it,” Kevin said, rising. 
Not even seeing Santa Claus on a sunny summer day would have surprised him less, than who had rung the bell. Tonya stood at the porch with suitcases in her hands.
“What happened?” he asked, letting her in.
“Can I stay with you for a little while?”
“Of course. Come in. Give me your bags.” 
Kevin introduced Tonya to Lucy and quickly led her to his apartment.
“Now—”
“I can't live with Mom anymore,” she said. “She is out of her mind. She has a friend now, who is always drinking. He's fairly rough with her, and with me sometimes. But she tolerates him, probably because he has plenty of money.”
“His name is Robert?”
“How do you know?” Tonya looked at him like a kid listening to a mysterious fairly tale.
“He’s the guy she picked up in Las Vegas. Rich bastard. Now I understand who pays all her bills. For him, it's nothing.”
“What do you mean?”
“All of a sudden, your mom changed her mind and got back to her stupid demands for support. I was wondering where she got money to pay the bills. That explains it. But, I don’t believe that this love affair will last long.”
Tonya fell silent, looking at him incredulously. 
“Anyway,” she said at last. “I’m going to rent an apartment with one of my friends downtown when university starts.”
“You can live here as long as you wish.”
“No, thanks, Dad. I’m an adult already.”
“Not yet, darling. But I will pay for your apartment. Whatever you wish.” 

***

Kevin took Lucy's advice seriously. To leave the job was indeed a serious matter for him. Money and career were not his only considerations. Corporate life had become a part of his nature, a way of existence that gave a sense of purpose and meaning to his life. Would there be any way to get back to it? Would he get his own way with his wife? 
It was a welcome relief when George came to his office one day and interrupted his endless steam of thoughts.
"There's a party at one of the marine clubs," he declared, holding a cup of coffee in his hands on the Friday afternoon. "You have to come. Jennifer insisted. It's the end of the sailing season. Will you come?"
"Timely invitation," said Kevin. "When is it?"
"Tonight."
By the time they arrived at the clubhouse, a large crowd was already there. Huge windows revealed the dark blue sky and silhouettes of the buildings in background. Everyone inside was formally dressed, as if attending an important corporate meeting. Jennifer looked great in her dress, rather elegant, with very little make-up. She looked as a healthy and happy woman. She greeted him and George amiably and immediately attended to other matters. 
"She’s one of the organizers," explained George. "She’ll come back and keep you busy for the rest of the evening." 
Kevin observed the crowd on the dance floor. He was thinking about Gloria's possible tactics in the divorce. By now, he expected just about anything from her, the most dirty and outrageous tricks that a human being could invent. Jennifer interrupted his thoughts. 
"Have you ever been to the Greek Islands?” she asked, taking a chair beside him.
"No, but I've heard that it's a wonderful place." 
"One has to see it in order to fully appreciate it." Jennifer leaned back. It seemed, she was prepared for a long conversation. "The best way to see them is to sail there on your own yacht. Once, I spent two weeks in Greece. It's unforgettable. I’m planning to go there next summer." 
Jennifer went to great lengths in telling him interesting stories of her adventures in the Mediterranean: its warm, charming nights, the moon shedding its mysterious light for those who live the night life, the life of lovers and dreamers; clear blue waters; the friendly people of the islands. She knew how to tell stories. Kevin was fascinated with her humour and listened like a kid when she told him about inevitable, dangerous situations one encounters during long boat journeys. When she told him about her encounters with the happy, but lazy and rich crowds in the romantic harbours of Europe, he was eager to know her feelings. To his surprise, he discovered that although she was almost fifteen years younger than him, Jennifer knew much more about the world than he did. She was not an ordinary woman by any standard. Although he befriended a lot of educated and interesting people, he had never met such a good storyteller in his life. 
Jennifer had a great deal of tact. She deliberately distracted his attention from the disturbing thoughts of his personal life. She refused to dance with other men: the conversation with him took all of her attention. She laughed happily when he laughed. Although their conversation centred only on neutral subjects, her shiny eyes eloquently spoke to him:.: I like you, I like you a lot. I would love to spend time with you and tell you lots of stories, but only if you like them. I will make you feel as if you were living a thousand and one Arabic nights. But only if you like it.
Kevin responded in the same manner: using only his eyes. 
Yes, I do. I do like your stories. I do like you.
This mute dialogue brought their conversation to romantic silence.
"Care to dance?" 
Jennifer touched his hand. 
I'd love to dance with you.
He nodded and followed her to the dance floor. It was the last dance of the evening. The club was about to close. Only a few couples remained on the floor.
"It would be nice to see you again," Kevin said after the dance.
"Good idea," agreed Jennifer. "Call me sometime during the week."  
And call he did. It was about 7 p.m. on a Thursday, shortly after he had left Bruce's office. Bruce had accepted his resignation with sympathy and understanding.
"You should have told me what was going on earlier," he said with a note of reprimand. "You know all too well that I will support you through any circumstances. Whenever you decide to come back, I will find you a good place in the corporation. Good luck."

After this conversation, Kevin felt a strange feeling of joy and freedom. All of the deadlines, goals, and milestones had disappeared into thin air. No obligations and stressful priorities waiting for him tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, or any other day in the foreseeable future. He wanted to share his feelings with someone. Jennifer immediately came to mind. When he called, she picked up the phone on the first ring.
"I knew it was you," she said joyfully. "Don't ask me how, but I knew. Would you like to come to my place?"
“I will be there soon.”

Jennifer met him at the doorstep and took his arm. 
"Please come in. Let's sit outside on the balcony. It's a charming evening: one of the last days of an Indian summer. Do you like Indian summer? There is a special charm in it.”
She opened the large glass door of the veranda for him and showed him to one of the easy chairs around the table. Kevin sat and looked down from the height of the twenty-second floor. How beautiful, he thought.
It was as if it were the first time he saw autumn in full bloom. The sky was almost clear, with a few thin clouds adding a touch of white to its deep blue colour. Jennifer placed a bottle of whisky and bucket of ice in front of him, a glass of wine for herself, and sat across from him. Kevin filled up his glass, dropped in an ice cube, and took a few sips.
"You like drinking,” said Jennifer casually.
"Yes, I do."
"Really?" "How often do you drink?"
"Not often, mostly on special occasions. Celebrations, special events, you know."
"Do you ever drink when there is no special event?"
"Maybe once a month, if at all. Why?"
"Just asking. Is today a special event?"
"Yes."
"May I ask what it is?"
"I quit my job for good. Today is the first time in many years that I noticed just how beautiful the world is." 
He explained to Jennifer the reasons for leaving his job. She nodded contentedly.
"Tell me some more about yourself. Please tell me the most important things without my asking."
"I’m forty-four-years old. People regard me as a hard working, success-oriented, family man. I confess that success at work and family life were the major stimulus in my life. I can't see what I did wrong to ruin it. My income was pretty high. I was about to become a vice president of our corporation. I can’t rule out the possibility of becoming a president in the distant future. Now tell me something about you."
Jennifer listened without a smile. She was relaxed, but serious, as if what he was saying mattered a lot.
"I’m almost thirty-years-old, an accountant by profession. My family life collapsed as well, but it definitely wasn't my fault. I loved my husband. Even now, three years after we split up, I have a soft spot in my heart for him. You touched a very interesting topic. You've mentioned success as your major stimulus in life. What is success, in your opinion? Is there any limit to it, or is it a balance of effort and result?"
In his younger years, Kevin dated girls inclined to philosophical conversations. All of them, likely without exception, did it to look smart, educated, and intellectual. He had met some of them later, when age and the anxiety of daily routine made their thinking more practical. What a difference it was! They talked about kids, diet, health, and other very personal matters. Such is life. Priorities change, so do people.
"There is no balance. If you are a manager, especially high-ranking one, you have to demonstrate brilliance every day. It takes quite a bit. I mean, all your time and energy, whatever you have. You are either in this game or out. But it's a very exciting game. It gives your life sense and purpose. It rewards your effort with money and social status. I think you should know these things by now."
"I know these, and some other things as well," Jennifer replied calmly, sipping her wine. "I was dating someone who was obsessed with this way of thinking. You know what? Everything that didn't directly contribute to his so-called success, he considered a low priority. He wanted everyone, including myself, to understand and accept that. He wanted me to believe that everything that contributed to his glory was a matter of utmost importance. Guess what? He was in constant conflict with everyone he dealt with outside work. He was not a happy man. I was trying to explain to him that money and social status are not the only components of success. He was very surprised when I told him that I didn't want to see him anymore. This was one of greatest surprises and blows in his life."
"Why did you drop him?"
"Because I wasn't a priority item. I didn't care how much money he had. I didn't want to adjust my life to his, or anybody else's needs or goals. Actually, I believe that success is a more complex thing than that. I think that wisdom is more important than so-called success. Unfortunately, not many people resort to wisdom."
"What is wisdom then?" asked Kevin with genuine interest. "What is success then?"
"I can give you a good example in my aunt. She is a teacher. Not hard to guess that she doesn't make a lot of money. Therefore, what is generally considered the benchmark of success cannot be applied to her. And yet, I believe that her life is a great success. She knows her place in life and her limits. She enjoys whatever is within her reach, because that is what she is supposed to live with in the short space of time granted to her. As a teacher, she is a great success. Her former pupils visit her ten or fifteen years after graduation! She is happy with everything around her: nature, people, students, income, and friends. She is an excellent cook. She doesn't have a very expensive dining set, so what? The meals she makes are very tasty, and believe me, it does not matter that her dining set costs ten times less than yours."
Jennifer fell silent, watching him. Her speech was more emotional than necessary for a philosophical conversation.
"This point of view is not new to me," responded Kevin. "But I think this sort of life would be too boring for me. There are different people for every different lifestyle."
Jennifer smiled.
"I’m a member of a yacht club," she said. "It's not the most expensive one, but we are often invited to other clubs where there are plenty of so-called successful people. Strangely enough, many of them flock to me. There are many slim, young, and pretty girls around looking for these men. So far, I haven't found anyone to my liking among them. You know why? Because I know how to separate their achievements from their personality. Simple wisdom plays a wonderful trick. It doesn't take much. Just learn from your mistakes and try not to repeat them."
"What was your mistake in your first marriage?"
"My husband showed signs of addiction to alcohol even before we got married. I thought that I would be able to influence him after we became husband and wife. But, the problem was getting worse and worse. It didn’t take long until he became an alcoholic. When I realized that I was helpless, I left him. And I decided to stick to rule number one. Never try to change someone. It's a useless endeavour, and very painful for both people involved. Life is too short for these kinds of experiments." 
She rose to her feet and went inside. A moment later, nice music reached Kevin's ears.
"Enough serious matters for today," Jennifer commanded as she returned. She sat comfortably, took her glass of wine and began speaking in her amusing manner. As usual, her stories were humorous, interesting, and with hidden meaning. A few hours passed, but if felt like mere seconds. Kevin threw a casual glance at his watch and was surprised its hands pointed to midnight.
"Gosh, time flies,” he exclaimed. "It's already past twelve." 
"It was a very enjoyable evening," commented Jennifer.
"Indeed. I hope many more will soon come along."
"I hope so. It all depends on you."
Kevin was very pleased to hear that. Already at the door, he looked back. Jennifer stood only two feet from him. He was overwhelmed with a strong desire to kiss her as he looked at her lips.
"Good night," said the magnetic lips with a gentle smile. 
She understood his desire, which made her even more exciting.
"May I call you during the week?" he asked. 
Jennifer stretched out her hand and gave him her business card.
"This is my number at work. Try to catch me after four o'clock." 
Gosh! She had prepared for that as well, he thought. 
Sitting in the car, Kevin played back in his mind the events and conversations of the evening. And he came to conclusion that all of the questions that Jennifer had asked were not the philosophical ponderings of an intellectual girl. All she had asked and said had a hidden meaning, purpose, and practical connotation. She was not a simple woman, not at all. To his surprise, he admitted to himself that she was a much more sophisticated person than he was. He wouldn't have been able to come to this conclusion about any woman ten years ago, when his understanding of human nature was much more primitive. 
Kevin pulled her business card out of his pocket and realized that he had forgotten his glasses on the table on the balcony. It was too late to go back. 
This is a good excuse to call her tomorrow, he thought. 
He imagined her hips, breasts, and clever, investigating eyes. 
A very exciting woman, indeed, he thought. It must be fun to be with her.
As soon as he opened the door, the phone rang. 
"What timing," he murmured, picking up the receiver.
"Hello," said Jennifer in a dry, businesslike tone. "This is Jennifer Optical Company calling. We can offer you good glasses at a reasonable price. Are you interested?"
"That's nice of you," he said, smiling. "How deep is your discount?"
"Well... It was brought to my attention that you have a special relationship with the owner of the company. If this is true..."
"I hope so," said Kevin, filling the gap of silence. "Could you tell her that she is a sweet, wonderful, and exciting woman? And also tell her that I'm a little nervous about telling her a lot of other nice things when I see her face to face."
There were a few moments of silence. Jennifer probably hadn’t expected such decisive words from him.
"Well..." She was a bit hesitant. "In this case, you have a good chance to get a one hundred percent discount."
"I like the deal," Kevin quickly responded. "May I come and pick them up now?"
"No. Come tomorrow night at nine o'clock. And please, don’t hesitate to say all the nice words that you have spared so far." 
The phone clicked. Kevin went down, slowly took off his clothes, lay down on the bed, and closed his eyes. A phrase from Somerset Maugham emerged from the depths of his memory: Oddly enough, most misfortunes have their compensations. 
With this happy thought, he fell asleep. 

***

Two months passed. Kevin was quite happy with Jennifer. Their relations were not the passionate love of young boy and girl experiencing fresh feelings and a maddening sex drive. Rather, their ties were gentle, strong, and affectionate, founded on an appreciation of each other's virtues and mutual understanding. It was a surprise for Kevin to discover that Jennifer had a wealth of wisdom, usually found only in prophets or philosophers. And yet, she was as courageous and adventurous as a Spanish conquistador. She liked risky, long expeditions into the wilderness and sailing on the ocean with all of the uncertainties of rough weather and weird encounters. It was fun to see her always composed, reasonable and understanding. The combination of these qualities was quite unusual for a woman of her age. 
They haven't made any plans for the future, but with only two weeks until Christmas, life decided it for them.
As they sat in a nearly empty restaurant at about two in the afternoon, Jennifer looked at Kevin with the attention and affection of a loving and happy woman.
"What is so urgent that you had to see me right away?" she asked. 
"I haven't seen you for two days," Kevin responded, smiling.
"Don't try to pull my leg, Kevin. You can hide nothing. Tell me everything at once."
"OK. I was busy with my lawyer. My wife dropped her demand for support. The house is sold and she is impatient to take possession of her half."
"Congratulations."
"She understands that there is no chance to get support. They managed to squeeze out of me all the outstanding mortgage payments, lawyer's fees and other things related to the sale of the house, but I don’t care. I’m a free man now. Am I an eligible bachelor for you?"
"I need a sailor to go to the Greek Islands next spring," she said evasively.
"Will I be good enough?"
"You have to go through proper training."
"Can we do it in bed?"
Jennifer looked at him with the disapproving eyes of a nun.
"I will give you some lessons in bed," she said. "But how about corporate life? When do you plan to go back?"
"After the Greek Islands," he said happily. "And only with your permission." 


END

