



THE ANT FARM
By
NEIL HETZNER




The Ant Farm
Published by Neil Hetzner at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Neil Hetzner



This work is dedicated to Michael Donohue, the antithesis of my main character, who gladly shares his great intelligence with the poultry industry and his care and love with his family and friends.



Prologue

June 1977


At the time of Tisha’s birth, Gene Almsson was twenty-seven. He was thirty-three when it became clear to him that something needed to change.
Gene was standing in the kitchen alongside his wife Maryellen. She was slicing a cucumber. He was spinning romaine leaves. Two year old Lora was rhythmically bouncing off his left thigh and Maryellen’s right thigh hypnotically repeating, “Mommy! Daddy! Uppy! Uppy!” Four year old Adele was to Gene’s right, jumping up and down trying to grab the salad spinner while shrieking, “Let me, Dad-dy! Let me, Dad-dy! Let me spin!” “They’re all dead! Dead! All dead! My queen is dead!” screeched six year old Tisha as she staggered into the kitchen holding the glass case of her ant farm.
They weren’t all dead. Hundreds were, but not all. In the same way that the world was slow to assign blame to what had occurred in certain Kurdish villages, the benefit of the doubt as to what caused the massacre of Tisha’s pet insects was extended to Adele even though a nearly empty can of Raid was found in her bedroom closet. That evening while he tried to console Tisha, Gene looked at the dozen surviving ants, staggering around like Ash Wednesday morning Mardi Gras revelers, saw the quiet that had replaced the frenetic teeming of the ant farm, and knew that something had to change.



CHAPTER ONE

JANUARY 2007


“Gene! Gene Almsson! Hey, Big Bear! What’s it been? Six months?”
Sixty-two year old Gene Almsson, a six foot four, balding, two hundred thirty pound well known source of knowledge and bonhomie in the poultry industry had just come down the ramp and stepped onto the concourse of Hart International Airport when he heard his name called. He had been fourth off the plane and first onto the concourse, which was a small, but important, victory for Gene. Now, just seconds later, he had his first contact. With a start like that, Gene knew it was going to be a great IPE convention.
Gene, along with 20,000 others, was in Atlanta for the annual International Poultry Expo. Knowing from past experience that he very likely was going to run into people he knew even before leaving the airport, Gene had switched his carry-on to his left shoulder to keep his right hand free. Now, after less than ten seconds on the concourse, he had Alan Delt’s hand in his. Was that a new record? Firing up his best smile, a re-arrangement of flesh that lifted his jowly cheeks up closer to his gleaming bald head in a way that gave him a benign Jack O’ Lantern look, Gene finished his greeting by sliding his hand up Delt’s arm to give his biceps a sincere squeeze.
“Al, how are you? I’ve been looking at your numbers. It look like you’ve got that water usage problem all fixed.”
“Well, some fixed, if not all fixed. Thanks to you, Bear.”
Gene shook off Delt’s praise. “Thanks to you yourself, Al. It takes good management to make good changes. All I can do is point out the discrepancies and anomalies.”
“Be humble as a dying sinful man before his God, Big Bear, but there’s a few more quarters jingling in my pockets because of you. “
“Speaking of jingling did you hear the one where Mother Teresa’s sitting in a bar in Calcutta nursing a brew when who walks in but Dolly Parton…”
By the time he left the chilled manufactured air of the terminal, Gene had four other IPE attendees in tow. They boarded the shuttle and traded all-feather stories as they headed downtown to their hotel.
Gene Almsson was in his twenty-ninth year of working for Poultristics as a consultant to the poultry industry. Poultristics collected data from the all of the major and many of the minor players in the $32 billion dollar poultry industry. It used that data to establish benchmarks. Gene’s job was to take an individual company, whether it was involved in breeder stock, egg production, broiler raising or processing, turkey production, or a half-dozen other market segments and show where it was excelling and where it was falling short. Gene’s insights came from spending hours every night of the work week in motels and hotels across America and Canada studying the data his company collected, aggregated, and massaged. Even before he walked through the front door of a sprawling processing plant, whether on the Eastern Shore, hunkered down in Arkansas or Georgia, Gene could tell the owner that 2.23 more ounces of water were being used by the plant to process each and every one of the thousands of broilers killed each week than the mean water use of the competition. He could tell you if your processors were as effective getting the last strings of meat off a carcass as the competition. Just about everyone in the poultry industry knew Gene Almsson, and almost all of them agreed that no one knew the nitty-gritty of the industry better than Gene. Big Bear Almsson knew the data. Not only knew it, but could present it with clarity and with a bit of self-deprecating humor that made the bad news, when it came, easier to swallow.
An ostrich and an eagle walk into a tanning salon….
Gene Almsson had spent almost three decades sitting in pastel colored plastic bucket seats in regional airports, wrestling with rust-rimed motel air conditioners and moving up the techno-evolutionary scale from over-head projector to lap top, laser pointer, white screen and smart phone. Gene’s dedication and expertise were well-rewarded beyond bear hugs and handshakes. Over the last five years of his career, Gene had been paid an annual salary over $200,000 before his bonus.
As he always did on the first night of the IPE convention, Gene’s boss, Dave Spicer, the owner of Poultristics, hosted a hospitality room. Poultristics had been started by Spicer, a Ph. D agri-economist out of Cornell and the University of Chicago almost thirty-five years ago. Whip smart and rickets thin, with a horse-shaped head that bobbled like a balloon on his tall stick of a body, Dave had taken one of Nature’s fiercest-faced and fantastically feathered creatures and reduced it to a series of data matrices. Head pecking, priority shrieking, blood spurting animals, as well as patties and nuggets and cases of frozen chicken feet bound for China, were fit to spreadsheets, colored charts and graphs.
With that transformation Dave got rich, and Gene got well-off and most importantly, at least in the early years, well away from his home.
When Gene walked in, his first thought was “same ole, same ole.” Although most of the guests were on the side of the room with the bar and food, holding drinks and sticks of chicken sate, or slices of chicken roll-ups, Dave was on the other side of the room with his back to the wall, looking uncomfortable as he listened to Mitch Camburst of Greentrim Farms. Ever since he had first gone to work for him, Gene had thought that Dave Spicer and hospitality were two words that did not naturally flow together. There was no doubt that Dave was smart. A master’s in Applied Econ from Cornell and a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Chicago attested to that. There was no doubt in Gene’s mind that most times Dave Spicer was going to be the smartest man in the room. Gene also had no doubt that Poultristics had made Dave very wealthy. Dave Spicer was rich and smart, but he was not good with people. The extra half-step distance Spicer kept between himself and others, the flat affect in his voice and face, the stingy hand gestures, and the parsimonious words, which seemed to be doled out reluctantly as if each word cost him money, left Gene’s boss looking uncomfortable and out of place when he was speaking with a client. Dave looked uneasy and, Gene was sure, his boss made those he was speaking to feel the exact same way.
Gene’s quick scan of the decent-sized crowd showed that none of the other Poultristics reps were present. As he bounded across the room, Almsson experienced a feeling that he frequently had at work, a mix of pique that others had dropped the ball and pride that he had not. In his most mellifluous voice, a delivery that had been much practiced in motel rooms and rental cars when he first went on the road, Gene said, “Lord love us, it’s the chicken industry equivalent of the Traveling Wilbury’s. Poultristics is humbled to play host to the all-stars of the industry.”
As a dozen hands reached out for his, Gene shrugged dramatically, “Anybody got a shovel to remove the bull-do I just spread around? Seriously, it’s very nice to see all of you here,” Gene pointed a finger toward the bar and buffet, “and to have a chance to thank you for your generosity and forthrightness with your data. Without your willingness to help us, there is no way that Poultristics could be of any use to you.”
Gene stayed in the hospitality suite for over three hours. Having kept careful count, in that time he had received eleven invitations for either more drinks or dinner. Although he had let people know how much he appreciated those invitations, he turned them all down so that he could go back to his room to fine-tune the presentation he was making the following afternoon. Gene always had worked hard to be good at the meet and greet part of his job. He had invented his generous smile, and had made his handshake and bicep clamp a stock in trade long before Bill Clinton worked a crowd. He had passed many hours in rental cars memorizing jokes and anecdotes, working on the accents that would improve their telling. He had developed and maintained a three by five card file, later converted to digital format, that held the names and titles of more than nine hundred industry decision-makers along with the names of those players’ spouse, children and pets’ names, alma maters, previous jobs, hobbies and charities. But, all of the efforts that Gene Almsson had put into developing relationships in the poultry industry paled against the time and thought that went into his presentations. Whether it was an initial pitch, a six month tune-up for a small specialty producer in Delaware or a presentation before an audience of industry’s heaviest hitters, such as would happen at 3:15 pm the following afternoon, Gene never allowed himself to be anything other than his best.
Some of Gene’s work ethic was motivated by pride—he wanted to be really good at what he did. A second energizer was that Gene wanted to understand the data so well that even the most seasoned sophisticated industry executive would think, “Damn, I didn’t know that,” at some point in Gene’s presentation. Gene’s biggest motivation, however, was one that he kept private.
Early on in his career on a night when he was lonely and feeling guilty that he was missing his girls grow up, Gene Almsson had had the idea that the more rational insight and economic truth he could bring to the poultry industry, the better off society would be. By helping the industry to produce billions of pounds of cheap, healthy protein, Gene Almsson, Michigan native but Ohio State graduate, was helping grain farmers in the Midwest prosper, and scores of equipment manufacturers to succeed, and, most important to Gene, thousands and thousands of legal and illegal bottom-of-the-ladder workers to climb up an economic rung or two. Gene had thought of how the bigger the price differential between poultry and red meat became, the more poultry would be purchased. As poultry replaced beef, the population would become healthier—less obesity, fewer heart attacks, and lower cholesterol. In the thirty years that Gene had been part of the industry, per capita consumption of chicken had more than doubled from forty to over eighty pounds, while turkey had gone from eight to seventeen pounds. During that same period, beef consumption had declined by twenty-five percent. Tracking along with that shift in consumption from red to white meat had been an increase in U.S. life expectancy of almost ten years. Those numbers made Gene Almsson feel very good about his work.
Gene worked through his Power Point slides so that the first part of his presentation was the bad news. Given the current production of breeder stock, current processing capacity, estimated grain harvest, projected rise in utility costs, possible changes in federal and state immigration, and, arguably, most important, federal mandates for ethanol usage, Gene was estimating that the industry was looking at an eighteen to twenty-four month period, beginning in July of 2008, when the industry could expect to lose between 8.3 and 10.1 cents per pound of processed meat. Shaking his head at that disaster, Gene re-checked the part of his presentation dealing with corn prices. Putting corn-based ethanol into cars to lower green-house gases was having a profound effect on the poultry industry. The idea that a bunch of environmentalists, bureaucrats and politicians would kill lots of people today and tomorrow to maybe save some people fifty years from now did not make sense to him. There always was a lot of blood in the processing plant, but unless the federal ethanol mandates were lowered, soon the blood would be ankle deep in the boardrooms.
Gene rehearsed the second part of his presentation—the good news. There would be increased export possibilities if the Korean and South American trade pacts were signed. The market was growing for specialty products like duck breasts. It looked like demand for thighs might start to grow. There was some technological improvement coming down the pike that should help with both water and electricity consumption.
Gene knew that the good news did not come close to outweighing the bad. If his forecast was correct, and he had been very careful and very conservative with the data, there was going to be a serious shakeout in the industry. Given how much he knew of so many operations, Gene had a very good idea of who would survive and who would not. During his time in the hospitality suite, Gene had had moments shaking someone’s hand when he had felt like the Angel of Death.
The following day at a 3:15 p.m. session in the Adelphi Room, Gene looked out over the audience which he estimated at one hundred fifty conventioneers and guessed that twenty to twenty-five of them would not be back in Atlanta in 2010. That knowledge made Gene’s opening smile more than a little bittersweet.
“A kangaroo wearing an electric blue tux and a worried expression walks into the Mad Cap Bar and Grill. Burly Bill, who’s been working the day shift since before God invented the Slim Jim and Jim Beam breakfast barks out….”

It was almost two hours after the last toast of the IPE dinner. For the last hour, the ballroom had been full of mostly graceful women and cataleptic men. Even through the stark white tiles of the bathroom walls Gene could hear the throb of the bass guitar. Gene splashed water on his face and pulled a yard long sheet of stiff paper from the dispenser to try to pat his florid cheeks dry. Despite all of his many business skills, Gene never had given himself good grades for working with clients when a lot of drinking was going on. And that definitely was going on tonight. Even worse was trying to have a conversation with a half-drunk client in the middle of a pounding rendition of “Margaritaville.” Gene was just weighing the benefits of calling it an early night and retreating to his room when the bathroom door slammed open and Jerry Sayre of Rock Ridge Farms shambled in. As soon as Jerry noticed Gene, he threw out his arms and began hopping erratically. Gene watched Jerry hop to the urinal before asking, “You okay, Jerry?”
“No, Gene, goddamnit. Can’t you feel it? Deck’s pitching. We’re goin’ down. Goddamn Titanic. You called it, Captain Big Bear. Iceberg ahead. Goddamn death boat. And all those light-footed, swivel stick twirling artists are out there dancing just like they’re gonna wake up tomorrow to a big ole golden sun and a bag of money. Goddamn, Gene. What the hell’s it feel like to be a prophet and ignored by your own goddamn people.”
“I could be wrong, Jerry.”
“As far as I remember, Bear, you haven’t been wrong since before the peanut president rode north outta Georgia.”
“Be nice if I was. And you know, Jerry, if we could get everybody who eats chicken just once a week to write to Congress to say that they’d prefer feeding chicken to their family rather than corn to their cars, that big ole sun you just spoke about just might rise some morning soon.”
“Bullshit, Bear. You know and I know that as long as corn grows in Iowa and the presidential primaries start there, corn for cars is gonna stay.”
When Jerry stepped back from the urinal, he stumbled, then, hopped to regain his balance. This time, however, he didn’t mention the Titanic as he swore under his breath. Once he had recovered his equilibrium, Jerry stuck out his hand, “I’d say see you soon, Big Bear, but if the shit covers the blades like you think’s gonna happen, I’m not gonna be able to afford to pay you to come out to my l’il operation to tell me what I’m doin' wrong.”
As he shook Jerry’s hand, Gene said, “No one’s doing anything wrong, Jerry. It’s just that some folks do some things better. And with most of the important metrics, you’re close to the front of the parade.”
“Nite, Bear. I hear Mr. Daniels callin’ my name.”
Gene nodded as he held the rest room door open. As soon as Jerry was through, Gene’s nod turned to a shake. Jerry’s straight-up, commodity processing plant was forty miles north of Birmingham. Even if Jerry could survive the coming utility cost increases, Alabama was a very conservative state. If the state’s economic policy butted up against its policy toward illegal immigration, the illegal workers in Alabama were going to lose. And if those workers lost, then their employers were going to lose, too.
Man overboard, Jerry.

As he sat in his Atlanta hotel room looking back on 2006, Gene ticked off how his competitive urges, market knowledge, friendliness and decision making had made substantial additions to Poultristics bottom line. He was looking forward to sitting in a room with the rest of the reps and having Dave Spicer single him out for praise. He already could hear his boss go down the list. In the space of four months, Gene had added two large Canadian growers, a regional processor in North Texas, and a free range grower in Minnesota. He had gotten a big round of applause and a lot of feedback at the end of his presentation the day before. He must have shaken three hundred hands since he had arrived and had known the name of ninety-five percent of the owners of those hands. Dave had to be impressed with that. Dave might own the company, but Gene owned the field. Gene was sure that when growers and processors, the movers and shakers in the poultry industry thought of Poultristics, the face and name that most often came to mind was Gene Almsson’s, not Dave Spicer’s.
Hearing Dave’s praise in front of the others would be sweet frosting to go on top of the big year-end bonus Gene had received three weeks before. Praise was just something that made a good life better. For Gene, personally, it seemed like everything was on the up and up. Security lines at the airports had shortened and not every plane was filled to capacity. The stock market and his piece of it were growing. The insomnia that intermittently bothered him was taking a breather. In a lot of ways, Gene thought that his job was the best it had been since 911. Easier conditions in which to do the work and more and better work to be done. Even with rough waters ahead for the industry, Gene was feeling grateful.
When Dave had asked the Poultristics delegation to stay over for a morning meeting at the end of the IPE, Gene had never considered that his boss had called the meeting to do anything other than pass out some attaboys and to thank the reps for returning Poultristics back to where it was making money hand over fist. Unfortunately, Gene had guessed wrong.
After everyone had grabbed a coffee and seated themselves around the conference table, Dave opened the meeting by saying that he, like Gene, was worried about the economically illogical, but politically wise, decision to try to turn damn near every kernel of American corn into ethanol. He reached down to tap his laptop and a graph came up on the screen showing the percent of the corn harvest that was mandated to be diverted from feeding animals to feeding cars over the next ten years. In his humble opinion as a Ph.D. holding economist out of the University of Chicago, grain prices were going to shoot skyward like an f.ing mortar and every one underneath in the chicken industry was going to bleed out from the flechettes. As for Poultristics, Dave said there was no way that he was going to let his company out there on the killing field when that happened.
When Gene, from his position as the longest tenured sales representative, asked Dave what he planned to do, the owner responded that as far as he knew that to avoid a shit-storm you could either buy a big umbrella or run like hell. When Gene persisted with his question, Dave spread a thin layer of smile across his lips and waggled his head. Finally, after that enigmatic display and nearly a minute of silence, Dave asked, “What would you do, JG?” He held up a finger to keep JG Hines’ response caged and after another long pause continued, “If it were your company and your money…not mine.”
JG Hines, a small man with a big shiny head and protruding ears that looked like some form of tree fungus, shifted his stare from Dave’s face to the screen behind his boss.
“I flew more than three hundred legs last year, Dave. I’ve got enough mileage points to get a free trip to Pluto. I spent 153 nights in motels—none with Oriental rugs and chandeliers in the lobby. The Guinness people just told me that I own the world’s largest collection of little soaps. I think that ninety percent of what I do could be done from the office with the phone, e-mail, and, maybe, a web cam, Skype, or some video-conferencing equipment. If I were back at the office, instead of showing my toothbrush holder to some TSA guy who looks a helluva lot more like a terrorist than I do, I could be on the phone making calls and, when I get a lead on something that could make us some money, then, if necessary, I could go down to my friendly local airport, take off my shoes, put my keys and wallet in the X-ray coffin, squeeze into a seat, breath some germs and Big Mac breath, circle friggin' Oklahoma City in a rain storm, rent a car that smells like pulled pork farts and drive out to West Yahoo to meet my new best friend.”
“You should have been a poet, JG. Yours is a talent wasted.”
During JG’s tirade Gene had watched Dave rolling a pencil, then, pick it up and hold it a foot in front of his face as if he were measuring something. Now, Dave flipped the pencil in the air, caught it by the tip and pointed the eraser end at Bill Sloan.
“Your turn to be the CEO, Bill.”
Bill Sloan smoothed the long hairs of his comb-over before putting his hands up as if trying to placate a mugger.
“Dave, I know nothing about management. I know chickens and eggs. At least, I like to think I do. I think you’re right about the corn. I can’t believe the size of the gallon additive mandates over the next five years. Where’s all that corn going come from? Price of corn goes up, price of chickens goes up, demand goes down, we get over-capacity problems and the bleeding starts. And it seems to me that if all we can do is show someone how to get a 1% savings on water usage, that isn’t going to be a big enough bandage to stem the bleeding. If we’re going into battle, and I’ve been around to see a few cycles, then fine. I’m a soldier. Always have been. Give me a gun. Tell me what and where to shoot. But, please, don’t ask me to figure out how to win the war. That’s your job, Dave.”
Dave’s pencil had tapped a beat to a tune only he could hear as his employee tried to evade his question. Now, without shifting his eyes from Bill Sloan, Dave asked, “What’s your take, Gene?”
Even though he felt a trap closing, Gene couldn’t keep himself from taking his boss’ challenge seriously.
“I’d up the bonuses for the sales reps and add a couple of new ones. As near as I can tell, the incremental costs of adding another client to our data base are minimal, but the revenues aren’t. The reps need to be out in the field more. Knocking on doors. Letting people know that we can save them money, even if it’s only a penny a pound. The chicken industry has a couple of big players, a handful of mediums and still lots of mom and pops we don’t have. Let’s go get them. This whole organic thing, plus the turkeys and ducks, my gosh, there has to be money in ducks, doesn’t there? No way ducks are a commodity.”
Dave held up his pencil like a conductor’s baton.
“Gene, I hear what you are saying—bad times are always an opportunity for someone. When the going gets tough, the tough get going…and the smart change directions. But, you know, I’m a pretty conservative guy. It’s why I own a big house, big car, big boat and,” Dave pushed back the cuff of his French blue button down shirt, “big watch. I’ve got all these big things. I like big things. Except one. I don’t like big risks.
“Okay, I think I’ve got what I want to get from you guys. I’ll let you go. I know you need to get your shampoo and soaps packed up, get checked out and get out to the airport. Dave paused for a downbeat and Gene and Bill Sloan, who already had pushed back their chairs, froze.
“…All on my dime. My small dime.”



CHAPTER TWO


It was at the end of the day on the second Friday in February that Dave Spicer called Gene, who was in Denver waiting for a connection, to tell him that he was going to consolidate some of the data delivery operations and, because of the way he had decided it made sense to make those deliveries, Gene was redundant. Since Gene didn’t think of what he did for his clients quite as succinctly as “data delivery” and since he had always thought that the word “redundant” referred to words rather than people, it had taken him more than a long moment to understand that his job with Poultristics was over. Thirty years of being the best at what he did and it was over with a short sentence of bureaucratese. Of course, as he mentioned, Dave was sorry. It had been a great run for Gene. He had been the best.
Gene was quite familiar with firings but totally unfamiliar with being fired. As the poultry industry had cycled over the years from good times to bad, Gene had seen many CEOs and CFOs, as well as plant and product managers, fall by the wayside. In the in bad times, there always had been managers who were too short of cash, or insight, or both, to be to continue paying for Gene’s services. Usually, though, when there had been a parting of the ways, there had been apologies, most of which Gene thought were sincerely made. As Gene had gone through his first down cycle he had taken those rejections hard, mostly because he had assumed the break-ups to be permanent; however, over time he had learned that in most of those cases it was less a rejection or a full break in the relation than it was a cost driven interruption. With that knowledge, those firings became less important to him.
When Poultristics’ even-toned owner told him he was done, Gene failed to understand the magnitude of what was occurring because he just assumed that somehow it was going to be just like so many things in the industry, an interruption. As a result of that misinterpretation, Gene responded to his firing with lightness, grace, and diplomacy.
While Gene initially was able to delude himself as to the permanence of his separation from Poultristics, his wife, Maryellen, immediately understood that a sea change was coming to the Almsson home. Although Maryellen prided herself on being a realist, she always had envisioned Gene dying in a motel, rental car parking lot, or an airplane crash. She was so sure that her husband would die while working that she never had thought what their life might be if he retired. Gene loved his work. Anything longer than a day or two at home made it look like a colony of bedbugs was living under his clothes. Why would he retire? The correct answer, that he was being forced to, had never entered Maryellen’s mind.
For a quarter century as she stayed at home and took care of their three girls, Maryellen Almsson couldn’t understand Gene’s devotion to his work. However, over the last five years, Maryellen had come to appreciate Gene’s dedication as she, too, came to love her work. The fifty, sixty, or, even, seventy hours a week when she was at The Skeins’ Game, whether she was ordering yarn, teaching a knitting class, paying bills, or washing the front windows, was almost always a joy. After years of taking care of the girls and often feeling like her home life was a form of imprisonment, the years since the youngest, Lora, had moved away had been mostly a string of days of small steady pleasures for Maryellen. Instead of buying groceries and cooking in such a way as to balance nutrition, the girls’ very different eating habits and a budget, she could grab something from Wendy’s or Panera or Ladd’s deli if she didn’t feel like cooking. Instead of daily mounds of laundry, sinkfuls of dishes, constant sweeping and twice weekly vacuuming, she had discovered that washing a few a few dishes, a weekly load or two of laundry, and some light dusting were all a single, neat person needed to do to keep a house in order. Once those slight chores ere done, Maryellen could devote the remainder of her hours to making The Skeins’ Game the best yarn store in northwest Ohio.
When she learned that Gene would be out of a job and permanently at home Maryellen had been both terrorized and energized. By the Sunday afternoon of that bomb shell weekend, she had already begun to plan a tutorial for Gene as to how life would be in their new circumstances. Since Gene would be home and Maryellen would be working six days a week, it only made sense that he should learn to do the things that she had been doing for thirty-five years: shopping, cooking, laundry, and house cleaning. Given what Maryellen had seen of Gene’s skill sets in those domestic pursuits, she knew that she had some accelerated teaching to do.
Over the next four weekends, Maryellen Almsson spent her Sundays, when the shop was closed, showing Gene how and when to use all of the attachments for the vacuum sweeper as well as teaching him where she kept the replacement bags and how to change one. She had him watch her and, then, she watched him sort clothes and load the washing machine. She told him what and how to shake things when they came out of the dryer. She gave him a lesson about cleaning toilets and let him know how important it was to spray cleaner and brush thoroughly under the rim. She took him shopping at Ladd’s Market.

Gene listened to Maryellen. Gene learned from Maryellen. But, Gene did not completely grasp that these new skills were ones that he was going to be using on a regular basis after a farewell party on the last Friday in March. It seemed unfathomable to him that one week he would be shaking hands and trading stories with multi-millionaires and pointing out the path for upper level operation guys to get their butts out of the fire and the next week he was going to be on his knees so that he could do a better job of sticking the vacuum’s wand under the family room couch.
Of everything that Gene was being taught by his wife, the hardest parts for him to understand were the things that had to do with the food shopping. He couldn’t grasp the reasoning process, which was obviously iterative, that Maryellen went through as she switched back and forth among the inventory she had on hand, what was on sale, and what possible meals could be made with the inventory of ingredients including, what side dishes would go with what entrees, and how all of those pieces went together with a specific budget number. Gene soon realized that week after week and for years and years, Maryellen had been solving multivariate equations of enormous complexity without a computer or calculator. He came to understand that when he looked in the pantry and other cupboards holding food he saw what was there, but, while Maryellen also saw that, she mostly saw what wasn’t there. There were two cans of mandarin oranges, but there were no cans of crushed pineapple. There was Gulden’s mustard, but there was no back-up jar of Heinz pickle relish. When teacher and student sat at the kitchen table going through the flyer from Ladd’s Market, Gene could read that a ten ounce bag of fresh spinach was $1.89, but what he didn’t know and Maryellen did and factored into her decision making was that while $1.89 wasn’t a bad price for spinach in February, by early April there would be three or four weeks where the spring crop of spinach would push the price down to 99 cents. When spinach was $1.89 a bag, Maryellen was going to stretch it by using it in a pasta dish with chicken, but when it was less than a dollar a bag, spinach quiche, cream of spinach soup, and spanakopita all became options.
Although Gene started out as a reluctant student and he remained mostly that way as far as cleaning was concerned, he soon found himself becoming fascinated with Maryellen’s thinking processes in regards to food shopping and meal making. In some ways, what Maryellen had been doing for years resembled what Gene’s clients did in the poultry industry.

“Can you think out loud?”
Maryellen gave Gene a look that indicated that she thought he was mocking her.
“No, really. I want to understand how you’re making these decisions.”
It was the second weekend in March, just nineteen days before Gene’s inaptly named retirement party, and Maryellen and Gene were standing in front of a pyramid of iceberg lettuce in the middle of the produce section at Ladd’s Market. Maryellen had already picked up and put back five heads.
“What are you looking for?”
“A good one.”
When a hurt look came over Gene’s face, Maryellen realized that he wasn’t mocking her, that he was serious. It was such a strange concept—Gene Almsson interested in a head of lettuce—that she had misjudged him. Now, she paused as she considered her answer. The truth was that she was looking for a good one, but she realized that Gene in the produce section at Ladd’s was equivalent to a newbie on her first night in her Beginning Knitting class.
“Well, iceberg is sold by the head and not by the pound like carrots, onions, broccoli, or kale, so I’ll want to get as much weight as possible.”
Maryellen looked at her student, “Right? So, I lift some of the bigger looking ones to feel how much they weigh. A lot of heads that look big have lightly packed leaves. But, for some reason and I don’t know why, a lot of really solid heads have a bitter taste, especially near the core. And the more tightly packed ones seem to rust or rot more quickly. So, if it is just going to be me around, I might select a head that is a little lighter on weight but could last longer. Also I always try to look through the wrap to see if the core is turning brown. But, see, it’s not always easy to do.” Maryellen showed Gene how the gathering of the folds of the plastic wrap occluded the core.
“How do you decide between iceberg,” Gene looked around, “and romaine, red or green leaf lettuce or Boston or Bibb?”
Maryellen laughed, “Well, I am my mother’s daughter so mostly price, value I guess you’d say, but, sometimes boredom or the desire for a funny little treat will guide my hand. And, to be perfectly honest, the latter has happened more frequently ever since I haven’t had to feed the girls. Did you know?”
“What’s that?”
“That your supposedly frugal wife was turning into a salad spendthrift?”
“Actually, I had an inkling.”
Maryellen cocked her head in surprise, “Really? How?”
“Someone told me that they saw you sitting on a curb on Orchard Avenue eating a clamshell of green stuff out of a brown paper bag.”
An amused smile, a look that Gene remembered used to make a frequent appearance when they first were together, brightened Maryellen’s face.
“I could go cold turkey.”
“Just sliced, right? Not turkey salad, especially not the kind that’s sprung up all over with dried cranberries?”
As the two Almssons meandered down the aisles of Ladd’s, Maryellen pointed out those items that she always kept in inventory and other items that she only used for special occasion meals. She explained to Gene how she might keep different levels of inventory of staples, even if their weekly usage was fairly constant, because certain of her basics went on sale frequently while other staple sales were much less frequent. An example of the first was canned tuna; an example of the second was butter.
As they made their way through cereals and pasta, beans and baking goods, Gene thought that he was getting better at absorbing what his wife was teaching mainly because in many cases the criteria could be reduced to, “Do we need it?” and “Is it on sale?” Gene found it much harder to understand fresh fruits, vegetables and, especially, Maryellen’s meat selections. Chicken or beef? Split breasts or boneless? And, regardless of what category choice was made, which particular package? A five pound bag of Pillsbury flour was interchangeable with the other twenty bags on the shelf. It was obvious from the way that Maryellen sorted through fifteen packages of boneless chicken breasts, reduced that set to three, and, then, held each of those up to her eyes and nose before finally making a choice that packages of boneless chicken breasts, despite the industry’s and his own efforts, were not fungible. According to Maryellen, weight, color, smell, firmness, and amount of fluid all played a part in making her choice.
On the last Sunday before his retirement, Gene had spent part of Saturday afternoon cataloging the Almsson food inventory by looking in the pantry, cupboards, refrigerator and freezer. That night, under Maryellen’s mostly silent guidance, he matched those levels of food-stock with the Ladd’s flyer as he made out the grocery list. After Maryellen returned from St. Paul’s on Sunday morning, they drove to Ladd’s. While Maryellen pushed the cart, Gene made his selections. For the most part, the novice thought that he was doing a good job. His teacher seemed to concur as she corrected him on only two items. On both of those he had planned to use coupons, but she showed him how the almost imperceptible differences between what he was proposing to buy and the item that actually fit the coupon was different.
“It’s embarrassing to get to the check out and have the clerk tell you that you’ve made a mistake. You can almost hear the groans of the people behind you as they realize that you are probably going to hold up the line.”
“And do you?”
Maryellen chuckled, “You know me, Gene. Not likely. I just take back my coupons, grab one of the big paper sacks, slap it over my head, punch out eye holes, pay and make my escape.”
“It must not happen that often.”
“Because?”
“Most of the sacks in the pantry seem intact.”
While still keeping her hands on the cart’s handle, Maryellen waggled a finger, “What if I throw the mistake ones away?”
“I hadn’t thought of that.”
“Welcome to a housewife’s secret world.”
It wasn’t until he got to the meat department that day that Gene started to feel like he used to forty years before when he was an ill-prepared student going into a final exam. Maryellen had told him that $2.99 a pound was a good price for center cut boneless chuck steak, a cut which she liked to use both for pot roast and stew. Gene sorted through a dozen packages of chuck before selecting one. Showing his choice to Maryellen he asked, “How’s this one?”
Maryellen shrugged, “Pretty good.”
“Which one would you pick?”
Like a magician finishing a card trick, Maryellen reached into the stack that Gene had reviewed and pulled out a steak. She held her pick next to Gene’s. She pointed out the differences in fat, mottling, size of the center eye, and uniform thickness. Gene listened hard to hear what his wife was explaining and listened even harder to hear if she was gloating.



CHAPTER THREE

SPRING 2007


As Maryellen Almsson drove away from her Runesburg, Ohio colonial style home, she recalled the tremulous excitement she had felt on the first day that she had retired from being a fulltime homemaker to begin part-time work at The Skeins’ Game. She had felt like she was tiptoeing on ice floes. The English degree she had earned a quarter century before, which at the time was proof of a certain level of intelligence, persistence and competence, had not given her any confidence that she would be able to do what she had been hired to do. Although she had spent untold hours at grocery stores and school functions, softball and soccer practices, and despite having sewn costumes and served PTO pasta dinners, she had driven away from home that morning with a piercing recognition of just how retired from the world she had been for so long. Maybe not exactly cloistered behind a scrim, but sheltered. She had not earned a dollar by her own labor in more than twenty-five years. She had spent plenty of time intuiting Gene’s wishes, but, if one ignored the incessant demands from the girls, she had not been given an order by anyone in all those years. Comforting a teary child was not the same as placating an unhappy customer. Mis-matching a pair of socks was not on a par with mis-keying the cash register.
Now, more than five years since her first day at a new job, Maryellen sympathized with what Gene was going to be dealing with in his retirement. All the air and energy she never quite saw on the weekends, but always suspected was a constant in Maryland and Arkansas, Quebec and California, where would it go? Would it seep away like an abandoned birthday balloon? Would it build up and explode in anger and frustration? Since the moment Gene had told her that Dave Spicer was forcing him out, albeit with a retirement party and four months of severance, Maryellen had spent a lot of time worrying about that. How would all of the old Gene get channeled into the new? She could imagine coming home at the end of the day to find all of the windows out of their frames and in a pile on the front lawn and her under-skilled DIY husband up on a ladder swearing and struggling with a replacement. Less likely, but possible, she could see a below the fold headline and photo of The Runesburg Tribune extolling Gene’s accomplishments as volunteer of the year. A much larger and much lazier Gene was a possibility if depression stopped by to fatten him up, like he himself had helped to do with billions of chickens, before the kill.
Maryellen’s partner, Jeannine Burchett, a tall angular, horse-faced woman with strikingly yellow teeth, an ironic smile, and long adept fingers was straightening up the shelves of skeins and balls of eyelash yarn when Maryellen came through the door.
“How was it?”
“The dinner was fine. Chicken, of course. Lots of compliments. Some funny war stories. Despite the circumstances, Gene was in his element. He would be. He had an audience. You’d never know there was bad blood.”
“And today?”
“Coffee drinking and paper-rattling when I left.”
JN cocked her head in what Maryellen had come to think of as her therapist pose—angled head, half-smile, wide open eyes. It was a pose JN frequently used with newbie knitters.
“Leave him with a honey-do list?”
Maryellen shook her head emphatically, “No. I think it’s too early for that. I think he needs to find his own way with the … openness.”
JN laughed, “What if he finds the solution in booze and babes?’
Maryellen moved to a bin of strays to separate the balls from the skeins.
“If those were the answers, don’t you think he would have found them years ago?”
Goofing as was often her way, JN offered, “Maybe he did.”
“I’ve never thought so. Work first.”
“But, now there is no work.”
“That’s the crux. No work. No self-esteem generator. It definitely could be a pretty rocky patch.”
“So what do you do?”
Now, it was Maryellen’s turn to laugh, albeit nervously, “Teach more classes?”

Gene was surprised at how empty he felt. His insides seemed to be hollowed out as if he had been starved. For the last thirty years, most of the times when he was at home, he had felt the opposite. He had walked around his home feeling too full, as if he had eaten more than his body could bear. Now, even though it was only the Wednesday after his retirement party, it seemed as if seasons had gone by since he had been on a plane or in front of an audience. Gene looked down at the sink half-filled with sudsy water and two plates, two mugs and a small clutch of silverware.
How many conversations he had had about death over the years? Usually, those talks started after someone in the industry had passed on. Invariably, if it was someone older than seventy-five who had died of a heart attack or stroke, people would say how sad, but what a blessing that he went so quickly. After five days of being jobless and feeling how he felt, Gene thought that it would be a blessing if a person could retire slowly and die quickly. Since his own retirement had come so unexpectedly, Gene wondered if that meant he was fated to die slowly. He hoped not. Maryellen’s mother, Marybeth, had been through two surgeries and three rounds of chemotherapy over the course of nineteen months. His dad’s brain had left the planet three years before his body had enough sense to follow along. Gene’s mother had died after two years in an iron lung before the four year old Gene even was aware that she was supposed to stay longer. Gene felt so empty that for a moment he couldn’t help but hold onto the edge of the counter so he wouldn’t drift away.
Damn Dave Spicer. What he had done just didn’t make sense. Gene was sure that Dave was going to be hearing from some very good, very loyal and very unhappy Poultristics’ clients. He thought that there was an 80/20 chance that within a month or two, Dave would be reaching out to him. When that time came, Gene thought that the sweetest revenge might be to pretend that nothing untoward had ever happened, that Dave had done what he thought was best for Poultristics, that he just had happened to get it wrong, but, Jeez, Dave, Ted Williams got it wrong six out of ten times and all Gene had to say to Dave’s request that he return to work would be a simple, sincere, “No. I’m starting work next week with….”
The problem was that the first five days had been so hard that if he had to get through several weeks of the same, it was going to be pretty painful.
Damn Dave.
Gene pulled a plate from the dishwater and began to sponge it clean. He told himself to save his ruminations for some other time. He had found on the first day of dish doing that it affected his back. He thought of all the people he knew who couldn’t sit on a plane without having their back or knees hurt. To hear JG Hines tell it, every flight was a trip through hell and had been for years. Not for Gene. Never. Over thousands of flights, whether in first or business class, or shoehorned into the last row of a commuter prop plane, he’d never had a twinge. Now, each time he tried to fit his six foot four frame to the height of the sink by flexing his knees or curving his spine, a pain, like he had been pummeled in the kidneys, came up within a few minutes of starting that work.
Gene stepped back to study the sink. He could raise the work area by stacking a Rubbermaid basin on top of something, maybe a second basin turned upside down. He could lower the worker by sitting on a kitchen chair, but when Gene imagined sitting on the edge of a chair and leaning forward to wash, he guessed that might hurt even worse. He thought that kneeling on the tile and washing might be okay, if he had pads on his knees or knelt on a couple of folded dish towels. Besides those obvious solutions, three outside-the-box answers solutions came to him—they could switch to paper plates and plastic sporks; he could run a nearly empty dishwasher against Maryellen’s express wishes; or, he could leave the damn dishes for a more genetically adapted dish doer. The person he had in mind for the job had done it successfully for more than thirty years and he didn’t see why she should self-fire herself just because someone in another industry had lost his job.
On the following morning, Gene was standing in his boxers staring at his double closet which was filled with suits and blazers, worsted and gabardine trousers, and an extensive collection of white and blue broadcloth and oxford shirts. What the closet didn’t hold was much casual clothing. Since he already had worn khakis for the first three days of the week, there was only one pair left hanging beside two pairs of Jeans. For shirts, there was a choice among a checked flannel, two striped broadcloths and a blue chambray.
Stymied by lack of choice and indecision, Gene backed away from the closet and, being careful not to disturb Maryellen whose soft curves were further softened by the down comforter, sat down on the edge of the bed. It was just shy of six thirty and he was shaved, showered and confused. If he were still working, he could have been in a suit and shirt with a perfectly knotted matching tie in less than five minutes. Now, since the day stretched before him like the unending corn fields of Iowa and, since he was unsure of what to do with that elongated time, he was equally unsure of how to dress to address the day. Gene’s clothing indecision came from not knowing what work…he didn’t even think of it as work…what chores and errands and hour-passing endeavors he would need to conjure up to get through the first Thursday of his retirement.
Gene had never liked yard work and still didn’t, but it was what he had mostly done since Sunday and, now, there was frighteningly little left to do until the whole of April, with its rain and temperatures in the low forties, shambled forward into a warmer, drier May.
Gene carefully pushed off from the bed, walked back to the closet and began fingering the smooth silk of some of his dozens of ties. He could tackle the garage. When he had been assembling nippers, loppers, edger, rake, shovel and hoe for the yard work, he had noticed that more order could be brought to that scene. It came to him that the same probably could be said for the basement. Gene reached for a pair of jeans and his chambray shirt.
Waiting for the coffee maker to finish dripping, Gene had the thought that it might help him through his dilemma if he were to turn the powers of observation and analysis which he had developed over decades in the chicken industry to the rooms and spaces around him. He decided that he would need to look closely at the house, to put it in the foreground of his thinking rather than perceive it as a hazy backdrop as his mind attended to de-boning technology, or the relationship between the federal ethanol targets and food prices, or China’s retaliatory response to frozen U. S. chicken feet after America complicated the importation of Chinese manufactured automobile tires. Gene opened the cupboard above the gurgling machine: dinner plates, salad plates, cereal bowls and a stack of plates shaped like apples that Gene thought Maryellen might get out for guests filled the bottom two shelves. Tea pots and pitchers are jammed in on the top shelf. The nascent retiree walked down to where the counter turned a ninety degree angle. He opened the cabinet door and stared. Along the top was an array of hooks where Maryellen kept the cups of the good china. Hanging from the second shelf was a motley of cups and mugs that saw more frequent service. Something wasn’t right. Either the cups were in the wrong location or the coffee maker was misplaced. Something to consider.
Over the next few days, as Maryellen continued her evening tutorial on basic cooking, Gene studied both how she worked and how he was learning to work in the kitchen. He made notes, sketched the kitchen layout, cut Post-Its to the proper scale, labeled those scraps as plates, bowls, canned goods, skillets, baking supplies, trays, wine glasses and affixed them to the cabinet layout in sundry arrangements as he looked for an optimal solution.
After two weeks of research and analysis, Gene was content that he had figured out the best organization for the kitchen; however, he sat on his solution. Although his cooking lessons were less frequent, he knew that Maryellen would not take it well if he acted as if he were fully fledged. The kitchen was still hers and not his. In terms of any re-ordering, he was still just a consultant, not management. Of course, consultants did advise, but only when management asked. For many years Gene had considered that one of the most interesting but delicate aspects of his work was planting the seeds that would lead to a company’s management to want his advice and become willing to pay for it. In his new setting, Gene studied the situation, theoretically improved the process, marshaled his arguments, but bided his time.

Looking at the spread sheet that recorded the outcomes of his job hunting efforts gave Gene a dismal feeling. He had sent out twenty-three letters and had two responses. Forty-one e-mails had generated seventeen replies. He had been most successful with his phone calls. He had gotten through to twenty-seven of the thirty-one people he had called. But, other than dozens of responses wishing him well, his efforts had led to nothing more legitimately promising than two breeders and three processors saying that they weren’t hiring, but if something opened up after the market regained some steam, they would be in touch. Gene had talked with six other companies who had a more serious interest in hiring him, but when he told them he planned to scrupulously follow the strictures of the confidentiality and non-compete sections of his severance and pension package, they immediately lost interest. Given how careful Gene had been throughout his career to play no favorites, he was surprised and disappointed that so many of his former clients would think that he would cut corners on his agreement with Poultristics. Although it was only mid-afternoon when the newly retired and novice independent consultant hung up after beating back Farley Winston’s insistence that Gene needed to spend some serious time and brain cells figuring out how he could do what he had sworn he wouldn’t do, Gene had an urge to go upstairs and put on his pajamas.
During his final weeks at Poultristics the thing that had kept Gene upbeat, positive, and enthusiastic was the knowledge that half of the poultry industry was going to be fighting over him. When no one had asked him to join their operations before his final day at work, he had explained that to himself as an understandable level of industry diplomacy. But, not having a single job offer or even a serious query in the month since his retirement was unfathomable to Gene.
Was there anyone who knew more about the poultry industry than Gene Almsson? Was there anyone who knew more players in the industry than Big Bear Almsson? Was there anyone who had helped more people make more money in the industry than Gene Almsson? Gene had no doubt as to the single answer to that trio of questions. The retiree wandered out to the kitchen to where a block of lake perch that Maryellen had wanted used was defrosting.
Gene was feeling like he was turning into one of the presumed dead. Many times in his life, while reading a newspaper as he killed time before a flight or waited for his breakfast, Gene had been surprised to read an obituary of someone who he just had assumed had been dead for years. Oftentimes that person was a politician, some senator who had been in the news for years and years and, then, was not. Now, he could imagine showing up in Atlanta for the IPE in a couple of years, maybe 2011 or 2012, and hearing a lot of variations on, “Damn, Big Bear, good to see you. I thought you were dead.”
Gene laughed bitterly as he poked the semi-frozen fish like it was someone’s chest and said out loud, “Walking dead, Hubert, just like a zombie.” Gene took a spatula from the utensil drawer and started wedging it between the fillets. He didn’t want to be a zombie. He didn’t want to be walking around Runesburg or any other place for that matter and have people looking straight through him. He might not be sure what the proper reward should be for all the good that he had done for the industry and for Poultristics, but he knew what was going on right now wasn’t right and wasn’t fair.

Gene was up on a ladder. It was the second week in May. He had been retired for six weeks. The day before, he had looked up his life expectancy. One six week period done, only another 146 same length periods to endure. Seventeen years. He had been on the road for twenty-eight. It was hard to comprehend what wouldn’t happen, what mind-numbing unhappenings were ahead over a period nearly two thirds as long as his Poultristics years. Gene scraped the black humus that had formed in the gutters over the years with a sour cream container. When it was full, he emptied the cup into the weathered paint bucket suspended from a rung with a coat hanger. His plan was to take the harvest from what he had amused himself by calling the ELCP—elevated, linear compost processor—and use it to top dress the French bed that would hold the tomato plants. He already had peas, spinach, and kale in. Having been deceived by four warm days at the very beginning of May, Gene had allowed his hopes to soar. He had bought two six packs of mixed heirloom tomato starts, but, after three nights of heavy frost, he had realized that in his flight from boredom he had jumped the gun. The starts had been moved into the window sills on the south side of the family room, but their attendant was worried that they would grow weak and leggy before it was warm enough to transplant them to their permanent home.
Gene was ruminating on the idea of fresh tomatoes and chives when he leaned so far out along the gutter that the ladder juddered a half foot in the opposite direction. By jerking back in alarm, Gene made matters worse. The ladder began sliding along the edge of the gutter. Gene dropped the scoop and grabbed hold of the gutter. The ladder slid until the ends of its rails cleared the front of the gutter and it crashed to the ground. Gene was left hanging sixteen feet above the ground. Looking down between his outstretched arms, Gene parsed the damage he might do to himself if he were to drop down onto the boxwood hedge that grew along the house. Not liking the looks of the sharp edged branches left by his recent pruning, Gene decided to go hand over hand for the last few feet of gutter and then try to slide down the down-spout.
The retiree managed to get himself about a yard closer to the gutter’s edge by shuffling his hands in a way that reminded him of how he used to cross the swing frames at the Nichols Elementary School playground more than fifty years before. That memory, however, was not a perfect fit to the current reality. For one thing, the edge of the gutter was much sharper than the steel pipe of the swing frame. In addition, the swing’s steel frame bar had been no more than eight feet in the air, while the gutter was twice that height. And, most importantly, Gene had no memory of the swing set making the wrenching protest that he was hearing. As the gutter ripped free from the house, Gene rode it halfway down before bumptiously leaping free to avoid impaling himself on the boxwood. As the do-it yourselfer landed on his feet, he had the presence of mind to bend his knees to absorb some of the impact. He tumbled forward, smashed his shoulder against the ground, rolled onto his back and began to laugh uproariously.
Even after the wonderment of what had just happened—something that fell between a tragic accident and a Harold Lloyd misadventure—had passed, Gene continued to lie on his back. It struck him that it might have been more than four decades since he had lain on the ground and stared at the sky. The clouds, high, thin, and almost featureless, lagged across the sky. Gene was disappointed that they weren’t more substantial, with enough swirls and eruptions to act as a celestial Rorschach for his imagination. He thought back to those childhood days when the sky acted like a television, and was filled with lions and ramparts, lava flows, the occasional ship and ubiquitous sheep.
Although the ground was cold against his back and legs, the sun warmed Gene’s face and belly. Two bees, re-enacting World War I aerial acrobatics, dove toward earth, barrel-rolled, and looped the loop. Gene wondered whether the energy they were expending was in pure pleasure at a winter survived or in agitation that the necessities of their world had only come partially back to life.
Gene sky gazed and life mused for so long that when he went to sit up, he couldn’t. His body had stiffened up from not only from the fall but also from the wrenching he had done to avoid and then re-direct his fall. He groaned as he rolled onto his side and groaned again as he got himself up on his hands and knees. Finally, with the continual groans of an over-worked ox, as he crawled to the edge of the house where he used the corner trim to pull himself up.
Once Gene was upright, the reverie of cloud and sky immediately dissipated as his attention was drawn to the length of deformed metal trough spanning the back of the house. After twisting his head from side to side and raising and dropping his shoulders to loosen himself and prepare for his next household project, Gene walked to the middle of the gutter and began tugging to pull the rest of it down. When those efforts weren’t successful, Gene collected pliers, tin snips, cat’s paw and hammer, re-set the ladder and cautiously climbed its rungs.
The end of the gutter that was still attached to the house did not release its hold readily. With one arm tightly wrapped around a ladder rail, Gene wedged the cat’s paw between gutter and fascia board to loosen the hanger nails. Once the nails were partially displaced, Gene worked the hammer claws to free them the rest of the way. By the time the rest of the gutter finally fell to the ground, Gene’s legs and arms were quivering with fatigue. He bent the gutter into quarters and stashed it behind the garage.
Knowing that, like Idi Amin, he didn’t have the skills to replace what he had destroyed, Gene made an appointment for Gutter Snipes to come to the house the following week. Over dinner, which was no more than pasta with jarred marinara sauce and black olives, Gene explained to Maryellen how he had taken down a section of gutter because of rust rot he had discovered while cleaning it. Maryellen shrugged her approval.

When Gene Almsson was working for Poultristics he loved nothing better than a crowd. Put him in a ballroom with a thousand conventioneers, or an auditorium with two hundred managers, or a board room with a half-dozen executives and he felt comfortable, just robe and slippers at ease. However, ever since his retirement, being out of the house, whether at the hardware store, the nursery, Ladd’s or the library, made Gene feel awkward. Somehow, in a way he himself didn’t yet understand, it put him off his pace that people didn’t know he was Gene Almsson, one of the three or four most nowledgeable people in America when it came to the poultry industry. Over the years Gene had made “reach out” calls to dozens of executives who had been fired or retired. He had watched and listened to the psychic damage that occurred when someone went from Carleton Kirby, V.P., to just Carleton Kirby. Having a claim to those two initials could make a very big difference in how someone felt about himself. However, today, on the third Sunday in May, in a place that he tried to avoid, Gene was happy to be out of the house and sitting on a hard pew in St. Paul’s Church. Although it was going on a half hour, Gene had not lost interest in the long neck, pink ear lobe and tousled strands of streaky blond hair of the woman who was sitting two pews up and two parishioners over from him.
Gene had been reluctantly sitting in the pew waiting for services to begin, wondering at the wisdom of agreeing to Maryellen’s take no prisoners invitation, when he had noticed a splotch of pale neck with a pink ear appended. He had noticed—nothing more, just a once-over flick of his eyes— before he had moved on to the backs of other heads. A basketball-sized head, sunset pink, with two large sausage links of neck fat defined by a deep crease. A head of pure white hair bookmarked by pendulous gold earrings hanging from even more pendulous earlobes. A solid head dressed in short salt and pepper hair with a narrow band of white skin separating a tanned neck and a recent haircut. Gene’s eyes had studied the backs of a dozen other parishioners’ heads before they had drifted back to the long pale neck and conch shell colored ear.
Did the hair just tousle by itself, or was it carefully brushed and combed into disarray?
Gene stole a sidelong glance at Maryellen’s short neat haircut. Despite approaching forty years of marriage, he could not ever remember Maryellen’s hair tousled. Clean, yes. Smelling good, yes. Gleaming, yes. But always combed and brushed and nattered into place. Not tousled. Gene closed his eyes and let his head drop forward onto his chest. Tousled? Where did that word even come from? He was sixty-three and he had no memory of ever having used that word before. Tousled.
Gene’s eyes snapped open when he realized that he couldn’t clearly recall the color of the ear. As services began, Gene studied the curled ear flesh and tousled hair. Within minutes, frustrated by his limited view, he began to count down the minutes to communion.
When the woman rose and made her way to the end of the pew, she was taller and bigger boned than Gene had guessed. As she turned, a shadow passed over her cheekbones. It took Gene a moment to metamorphose that shadow into a band of freckles. Forty seconds later, in response to a compelling whim, Gene stayed seated when Maryellen rose to take communion. When his wife turned her head back to see why he wasn’t following, Gene concocted a face that he hoped conveyed some explanation other than the truth. In a way that was exciting, inexplicable, and frightening, Gene needed to see the woman walk back down the aisle toward him. He needed to see the color of her eyes, the spread of freckles on her cheekbones, the size and shape of her nose.
Although the woman’s hands were clasped and her head slightly tilted toward the tile floor, Gene thought that the communicant looked less than reverent during her return. Her bright brown eyes seemed to be flickering over the faces of the congregation as if she were watching them watching her. Rather than the tight-lipped attitude of so many communicants—teeth clamped and lips pursed as if their owner were afraid an ort of the Body of Christ might try to escape its intended fate—the woman’s lips were slightly open, which provided Gene a glimpse of extraordinarily white straight teeth. In addition, the left side of the woman’s mouth seemed to be smiling. While looking at the woman’s face, Gene felt things inside him shift and re-align themselves, much like the shards of glass inside a kaleidoscope. The feeling of shape-shifting was so disconcerting, a familiar pattern morphing into something extraordinary, that Gene had to take two deep breaths to bring back his equanimity.
Given the thoughts that had been roiling his mind throughout the duration of the service, Gene was ecstatically happy and exquisitely terrified when, as they left the church, Maryellen reached out a hand, patted a shoulder, and said, “Hello, Myriam. How are you?”
Raising her eyebrows in self-mockery and her shoulders in a resigned shrug, the woman, Myriam, said, “Guilty. Riddled with it. Raddled by it. I haven’t touched that sweater in weeks. The weather warmed and my ardor for knitting cooled.”
“Wasn’t it a….?”
“Don’t even say it. But, yes, an event, an event that precedes …a baby’s birth. And that event has passed by and if I had sent what I had done, with no collar and unfinished sleeves, the mother would have thought that I had put a horrible voodoo curse on her unborn baby. Instead, I answered my guilt and jeopardized my financial future by buying a baby blanket from Garnet Hill.”
As Maryellen laughed, she reached for Gene’s wrist, “Myriam, this is my husband, Gene.”
Smiling and sticking out a hand, Myriam said, “Here, right here in Runesburg, in the flesh.”
Gene, despite his worry that his hand might be sweating and so betray him, shook Myriam’s as he rejoined, “I must have a reputation I don’t know about.”
“My ever patient teacher has given hints to your complicated job.”
With Maryellen standing right by his side, Gene’s fight against his urge to dissemble was made easier.
“It’s simpler now. Just home and hearth.”
Gene was surprised and grateful that the woman, Myriam, didn’t ask him to expand on that.
As the three of them walked toward the parking lot, Maryellen said, “I hope you stop by the store. We have some beautiful new mohair boucle.”
Myriam laughed, “I’ll have to go home and think whether starting something new would make me feel more or less guilty. Perhaps, I should just finish that sweater before the soon-to-be-born is married and pregnant…or, I guess given present trends, just pregnant.”
Gene waited until they were in the car to ask Maryellen, “She’s a good customer?”
“Not really. She took a class and knit a couple of scarves. Then, she got ambitious and took on a project that was more than she knew how to do. I don’t really know much about her, but I imagine she’s one of those people who, if you walked through her home, you’d find three coiled flower pots she made in college, a journal with a dozen pages of writing followed by a hundred blank ones, a couple of freezer-burned pie crusts and a lot of slightly worn shoes.”
“You don’t like her?”
“I don’t know her well enough to make that judgment.”
“Is she married? Does she work?”
“My guess would be no to both.”
Despite feeling that he was asking too many questions, Gene couldn’t let the matter drop without a final effort, “What was her name? Marian?”
“No. Myriam…Flagent.”
Gene spent part of Monday morning googling Myriam Flagent.

By the middle of June, Gene had been retired for ten weeks. He had signed up for a golf league, had been randomly assigned to a foursome which included a know-it-all retired mailman, an extremely competitive man who worked third trick as a security guard, and a supposedly disabled fireman. Gene lasted three weeks before inventing, in a way he thought ironically mimicked the fireman, a season- ending knee injury. Although heretofore Gene had never enjoyed gardening and did not particularly like vegetables, the French beds that he had built ten years before in response to a request from Maryellen, had all new landscape timbers. In addition, there were three new beds—one for herbs, both annual and perennial, one for cutting flowers like cosmos, daisies and zinnias, and one holding heirloom varieties of tomatoes and eggplant. As with so many aspects of his life, it was Gene’s competitive drive, that constant force which had led to so many unannounced and unpublicized competitions against an uninformed opposition, which also had been much of the motivation for the garden. As he had levered out the old rotting spans and replaced them with new, as he had studied the haiku-like descriptions of tomato varieties from 19th century Amish farms and Russian kulaks, and eggplant whose Turkish heritage was rich long before the times of Ataturk’s reforms, Gene had previewed the wonderment of those who would be rewarded with some of the harvest of his efforts. How could those who grew only Big Boys, Big Girls and Black Beauties not be amazed by and envious of a plum-sized, orange-striped eggplant or a heavy tomato with a deep purple skin and nearly black flesh? Gene looked forward to winning those non-4H sanctioned agricultural contests, but in the interim, a two month interval at least, he was bored.
Gene had spent the middle of a bee, bug and bird-busy morning weeding his weed-free garden. For a few moments he had pursued what he thought might be the pleasure of Japanese gardening by making swirls in the dirt between plants with the tines of his garden fork. After admiring the curves and arabesques for a shorter time than it took to make them, he had scratched them out for fear of what conclusions might be drawn by Maryellen or anyone else who saw them.
Gene looked out over his demesne and, disconcertingly, found it not wanting. Although it was just a few minutes past eleven and he wasn’t hungry, he went inside to prepare himself some lunch. As he waited for the water to boil for his macaroni, he poked through the Wall Street Journal he had read five hours before to see if he had overlooked anything. For the first time in his life, Gene had a subscription to the Journal. When he had been on the road, he had often received a complimentary copy with his room, or scavenged one from an airport seat, or, rarely, bought one at a newsstand and included its costs in his travel expenses. Now that it was delivered to him at a cost of more than a dollar a day, Gene felt compelled to extract as much information as possible on a daily basis.
The water finally boiled. The macaroni swelled and was sauced and eaten. Pot, bowl, glass and spoons were washed, dried and put away, and it was not yet noon. Gene did not know what to do. The Meatloaf song that Tisha had listened to when she was at her most defiant teen larval stage came to mind. “All Revved Up and No Place to Go.”
He was not going to go to the driving range and hit balls. He was not going to jog or walk around the park. He could go to Ladd’s, but if he went today, a Wednesday, what would be on sale would be the same items as when he had gone shopping the previous Friday. He contemplated going to Elysian Fields to look at their inventory, but he had been there less than two weeks before and had come home empty-handed after getting serious about where he was going to find space in his gardens to plant anything new.
Despite not having a destination, Gene went upstairs changed shirts and pants before making his escape. He headed south of town on County Road 41. It had been years since he had driven this way. After driving past two small sub-divisions whose names were so fanciful that Gene guessed their developers must be either bitterly ironic or stricken with early onset Alzheimer’s, he was in the country. Fields of corn and soybeans came almost to the edge of the road. Occasionally he saw a new house with immature landscaping sitting on a small lot carved out of a big field. When he spied those anomalies Gene assumed a son or daughter had been rewarded for staying part of the family or business. He wondered what it would be like to have one of his daughters living just down the road.
None of his and Maryellen’s children had ever expressed any interest in coming back to Runesburg after they left for college. Tisha had stayed in Columbus for most of a year after she finished at OSU as she figured out what she wanted to do, or in Gene’s opinion, could not do with an undergraduate degree in sociology. For reasons that her father had never been able to understand, Adele had decided that a small school in upstate New York, Paul Smith, was where she wanted to go. She seemed to enjoy every minute of it, had not come home any summer after her sophomore year, had parleyed her forestry management program and internships with the U.S. Park Service into a job with the Maine Forest Service in Island View on Maine’s east coast. Lora had started at Kent State, transferred to OU after a year, moved to Austin for the music scene, moved to Dallas to get away from a boyfriend and got her degree in early childhood development or as Gene had once joked, lack of development, from UTD. Lora managed a day care center for a rich white church that had an out-reach program in the Hispanic community.
Money, jobs and distance constrained the girls from coming back to Runesburg more than once or twice a year. It bothered Gene a little that their visits weren’t more frequent, but that was more for Maryellen’s sake than his own. Maryellen had given so much of her life, thousands of days and tens of thousands of hours and, then, poof, the girls were gone except for an hour or two of phone calls a month, some short e-mails, cards on birthday and Mother’s Day and a few days home at Christmas. Now that he was retired Gene thought that he better understood why Maryellen had been so adamant that she was going to join Jeannine as a partner in The Skeins’ Game. After Lora, their youngest, finally had left, Maryellen must have felt what he had been feeling—purposeless. He tried to imagine what a Monday might have been for Maryellen after the girls were gone. He himself would have left early in the morning. She would have dusted, vacuumed and mopped mostly for something to do. The weekend’s laundry would already be washed, dried, folded and put away. She could cook, but how much effort would she have wanted to put into a meal if she were going to be the only one to eat it? He could imagine her picking through the skeins and balls of yarn she kept stored in the big cedar blanket chest trying to figure out what next to knit. Gene tried to recall what Maryellen was like in those first months after Lora left when he would come home for the weekend, but nothing special came to mind. They had spent a couple of weekends in Cleveland more to prove to themselves that they had the time and money to do so than because they had a burning desire to go to a museum or shopping. Gene wondered if Maryellen had done as he was doing now. Trying to make the best of a situation. Keeping the feelings of uselessness and incompleteness at bay.
Rather than feeling angry at his circumstances, a recurring mood which had acted mainly like a low grade fever—never too threatening, but never gone—Gene became aware that his thinking had caused a sadness to roll in on him like March fog. Like fog, it was palpable, but it also obscured. Gene surprised himself by not immediately dismissing it as an aberration. He pulled the car off the road into a lane that led between two fenced fields. One field was planted in corn. The other held a small herd of Holsteins. Gene got out of the car, hooked a foot on the bottom strand of wire, crossed his hands over the top of a fence post, stared at the cows grazing, and tried to decipher the sadness that had filled the car.
Fog happened when heat, cold and moisture met. Was the chemistry of sadness a shortfall between wish and reality, between what is and what should be? Was it inevitable that boredom would lead to sadness? Gene didn’t think that sounded right. The sadness that had swept over him so suddenly in the car—was it for Maryellen or for him? Gene watched the cows, led by some decision-making process that he couldn’t intuit, leave an area that still had plenty of grass to mosey over a few yards one way or another and continue eating. What drove that choice? Was it no more than a literal example of the grass seeming greener? Was the sadness about them? Not him, not her, but them, the two of them.
Thirty-seven years. A lot of time together, but also a lot of time not together. If he wanted to do the math, he probably had been gone from the house almost half of the days in those thirty-seven years. If a guy only showed up for work half the time, he would be fired. Had he only showed up for half the marriage? Half the parenting?
He was retired from work. Somewhere along the line had he retired from his marriage and not even been aware of it? Had Maryellen done the same? Were there things at The Skeins’ Game that fulfilled something in her that she had expected to get from their marriage? Gene watched the cows which, though in proximity to one another, seemed to ignore one another as they concentrated on keeping their heads down and eating. Had The Ant Farm, that frantic factory-like nest where members scurried around with individual tasks, but tasks which benefitted the whole community, turned into a small cattle farm, with the two members of the herd of two placidly wandering past each other with little more interaction than the occasional flick of the one cow’s tail shooing a fly from the other?
Gene let his thoughts drift back to the first days with Maryellen. He was twenty-six, out of grad school just a year, and had already been promoted once by Cargill. Maryellen was twenty-two, in her last year at Toledo State and working as a waitress at the Rathskeller Room inside the Excelsior Hotel. Although Gene first had been attracted by Maryellen’s kewpie doll smile, it was her friendliness that had drawn him close. That first Tuesday Maryellen had made him feel like he was doing her the biggest favor in the world by ordering a burger and a beer. He had learned her name, but had not even considered asking for her phone number. It wasn’t until two more Tuesdays of burger and beer that he had taken a chance and asked her about herself. Her answers, even though they had to be delivered in between waiting on other customers, were more forthcoming and more revealing than he expected. As Gene remembered it from nearly four decades later, when Maryellen’s questions came, he did not reciprocate in kind. He didn’t lie; he just didn’t flesh out the details like she did.
They had two years of marriage to themselves. Tisha was born in year three, Adele two years after that and Lora two years later. Remembering it now, it seemed to Gene that even in those first two years there were things that had distracted him from giving Maryellen a full measure of his attention. In his memory, a lot of those early days involved teamwork, like painting a room or building a bookcase. But, looking back, Gene wondered if maybe he and Maryellen were not so much love-struck, as newly marrieds were supposed to be, but more like a couple of junior managers thrown together to work on an under-defined project.
As the Holsteins sidled past one another, seemingly without regard or notice, Gene’s shoulders heaved to suppress a sob as the thought hit him that in some irrevocable, horrendous way, in a way that was totally unintentional, he had stolen Maryellen’s life. In a life that might last eighty years, he had taken thirty-seven and given back what? Some money? What else? How could he have done that? How could he have caused so much harm? What was he thinking? Her life could have been so much better if she had married someone who had wanted the hurly burly of a family, someone who could laugh with joy amidst the chaos, who would have welcomed the intimacy, the complexity of smells, as perfumed and fetid as a Bangkok market, of a sleepless baby on a chest in the middle of the night.
Why did she marry him?
Couldn’t she see how much he valued order? How could she miss his need for a dozen small wins a day, for direct, if shallow, praise, for operational models where known inputs led to known outcomes? Couldn’t she see how ill-equipped he would be for the mess of family? What normal man in his mid-twenties at the beginning of the Seventies had a tie rack? How could she miss the significance of that omen?
Gene thought that it had to be more than fifty years since he had cried. For all he could remember, the last time might have been the day of John Kennedy’s assassination. To do so now, alongside a dozen oblivious cows, was frightening. He had been out of the work force for a little more than one hundred days, and he was reduced to tears. When Gene sucked down the balmy, manure rich air in an attempt to turn his sobs into snuffles, the resulting noise was so intriguing that two of the cows drifted over to investigate the source. Embarrassed by the attention being drawn by his misery, Gene turned tail.
As he lay alongside his wife in bed that night in the first few minutes after they had turned off the lights, Gene lay poised to change his life. He had spent the hours since he had left the cows constructing and practicing opening lines, but nothing had felt quite right. He had trouble finding words powerful enough, magical enough to recognize, heal, repair, and amend the fact that for almost forty years he had taken more than he had given? Twice, he took a deep breath preparatory to spurting out his first words, but, then, he remained silent because he could not figure out what else to say besides that he was sorry. It was like having the first slide of a presentation, but nothing else to follow. If it had been about chickens, Gene guessed that he would have ad-libbed it. Spoken from the heart is what he supposed someone might have called what he was trying to do, but, Gene was sure, that if he were to try to speak from his heart, the sounds that would come out would be so garbled that the effect would be like a rental car radio stuck between two stations. Before he fell asleep Gene decided that, if he were to be able to say anything, the words would have to come from someplace other than the heart.
Gene’s words of reparation didn’t get said that night, nor the next, nor the night after that. By delaying the event, Gene’s mind had a chance to weaken what his heart felt. Like a news channel commentator or presidential press secretary, incessant parsing was done until the gist was gone. The idea itself became buried under the explanation of the idea. Within a week, Gene’s epiphany was gone and he was back to his old ways of seeing him, and her and them.



CHAPTER FOUR

SUMMER 2007


It was the first night of a five session Skeins’ Game class for knitters wanting to learn to knit with circular needles. Usually, Maryellen felt a buzz of elation as she prepared to pass on some of her knowledge. She loved the magic of turning a string into a sweater and loved passing that knowledge onto others. Tonight, however, that elation was tempered by a feeling that she was having a difficult time naming. It was not quite guilt, nor betrayal, but it was something that was partially made up of those components. She had worked at the store from nine until five o’clock. If it had been before Gene had retired, Maryellen might have gone home, eaten a fried egg, lettuce and mayo sandwich before coming back to face a class with a focused mind and unbridled enthusiasm. This evening, however, she had rushed home, eaten Gene’s roasted chicken and mixed vegetables, cleared the table, given him a pat, reconsidered, given him a hug, and rushed back to the shop to be ready for her class while leaving him with dirty dishes and three hours of a Wednesday night to fill.
If the class had been a normal one, Maryellen would have been so engrossed in her teaching that one of her students might have had to draw her attention to the time as it approached nine thirty. Tonight, though, Maryellen caught herself frequently looking at the clock and worrying about Gene. He had a kind of dazed sadness about him. She knew that he was trying to engage himself in this new stage of his life, but it was obvious that that not everything was working well. Her plan had been to give him time and a long leash, but she wasn’t sure how well that was working. She hadn’t said anything when he built the new French planting beds, but the result was the beds were so wide she couldn’t reach the middle when she weeded. He had made the beds too wide, but, then, left the spaces between them too narrow. For Maryellen, it really didn’t matter because she was short, but, now, Gene had to angle his legs to kneel and weed. In fact, Gene had set the beds so close together that even the lawn mower couldn’t pass between them. From the uneven haircuts it had been receiving, Maryellen had guessed that Gene was using the weed trimmer to mow that portion of the lawn. Not for the first time, Maryellen felt a sadness when she considered how, because he was so pent up, Gene had planted early, then, had had to re-plant when the seeds rotted from too much rain. He had done something, she didn’t even want to imagine the circumstances, that had resulted in the back gutter being ripped off the house. Nothing that Gene was doing seemed to be going well…except the cooking. As that night’s dinner had attested, her husband, Gene Almsson, late of Poultristics, Inc., who knew everything there was to know about chickens now knew how to roast one. Maryellen was used to her beginning students coming back for their second class holding things that looked more like a luxurious rat’s nest rather than the first feet of a scarf. She could see that failed attempt and be upbeat and encouraging, but watching her husband flail as he tried to fit himself into a new life, a life where his old tools were mostly useless and new tools had yet to be acquired or mastered, was becoming a very painful process.
As Maryellen stood behind her seven students, of whom four she could count as friends, watching their fingers fly or explaining the transitions, she wondered what her husband might or could do that would bring him joy. When she was at the shop, both engrossed and entertained by what she was doing, she could imagine him sadly doing what he thought he should while pining for what he had done for so long and so well. If it wasn’t golf, nor gardening, as it certainly was not housekeeping, nor laundry, then, what would it be that would keep him… keep him what? Keep him bustling for ten, twenty, thirty years? As she monitored her students’ progress, Maryellen pondered Gene’s fate. Lions’ Club with its Christmas tree sales and Riverfest? Rotary Club with its hot air balloon festival? St Paul’s with all of its steering committees, bazaars, and Spring Fling dance? Craig Memorial with its need to staff the welcome desk, wheel patients, register people for flu shots and blood drives, and spot people as they went through their exercises in the cardiac rehab center?
Maryellen thought all of these activities could be possibilities for Gene, but none seemed probable. The thing that defined Gene as much as anything was that what he really liked was to work, and what gave him great satisfaction was to be well paid for that work. Given his non-compete agreement, which had been a pre-requisite for his severance pay, given his age, and given the sorry response from his job enquiries, Maryellen had concluded that well-paid work was one of the least likely things to be in Gene Almsson’s future. That worried her. She could see how a manic frustration could lead to her coming home to find Gene, rather than a gutter, on the ground.

When Myriam Flagent, the catalyst for his recent dedicated attendance at St. Paul’s, said hello, Gene realized that he was coming back from a place far beyond the packages of sirloin steaks he ostensibly was comparing. As he returned her lively, but crooked, smile with a more tentative one of his own, Gene wondered if he had a tumor. More and more frequently it seemed that his mind had a mind of its own. His attention was erratic. His memory was erratic. And, what was most frightening, his driving was erratic. At times, as he held the wheel, Gene felt more like he was skimming above the surface of the road rather than driving on it. The first few times that he recognized just how divorced he was from what he was doing, he had called it a distraction. But, after a while, he realized that it was more a distancing than a distraction. He had his hands, both hands, on the wheel. His foot was on the gas pedal. His eyes were scanning the road unfurling before him. His vehicle weighed almost two tons. It was traveling at fifty-seven miles per hours, but none of that reality made what he was doing feel real. Instead, Gene felt like he was standing before a machine in an arcade piloting a swath of colored pixels across a screen. When Gene would come to and realize that he was driving forty miles an hour down a narrow two-way street with no more attention than if the most tragic outcome could be no worse than dropping a few more quarters in the machine and hitting PLAY, his hands would shake and his heart pound. It terrified him that some part of his brain equated real death with a four quarter resurrection.
Gene’s gaze slid, like a butter pat on a pancake stack, from Myriam’s topaz-hued eyes to the sirloins, flicked to where he might have been staring and ended up returning to Myriam’s face.
The addled shopper’s first words caught in his throat. He coughed to clear it before surprising himself by asking, “Are you a steak eater?”
Myriam’s laugh was a George Shearing riff of tinkling notes running up the scale.
“Is this a trick question? Will I get in big trouble if I say yes?”
When no light lit Gene’s face, Myriam continued, with her voice inflecting on the last word, “Aren’t you a chicken…ideologue?”
Gene’s second cough sounded to him like the noise a dog made when it wanted to be picked up. He pointed to the sirloin packages.
“Less so since retirement. Although chicken is a very easy product to proselytize. It has myriad benefits—weight loss, fajitas, lower cholesterol, coq au vin, easy to prepare, inexpensive. Pretty much all good things except bloody au jus and…,” Gene swept his hand toward the general area where he thought he might have been staring, “improved brain function.”
Gene aimed a smile toward Myriam and shrugged.
Myriam clapped her hands in mock applause before saying, “My brain function may be off, too, because I don’t think coq au vin is particularly easy to prepare. Now, if I happened to be a steak-eater, and I’m not admitting to that, your motivation for the question would be?”
Gene pointed toward the refrigerator case.
“Which one?”
Gene stepped aside so that Myriam could get closer to the inventory. Her fingers flicked over her possible choices like a hummingbird around a trumpet vine before landing. She took a half-step back as she tapped a package with long smooth fingers tipped in a nail color that Gene guessed might be called Autumn Plum, a shade Maryellen never would have considered wearing.
“See? A little fat on the edge for flavor. The same thickness across the steak. No obvious line of gristle or muscle membrane running through it.”
Gene nodded and said, “Hmmm,” but his mind was focused on what Myriam’s fingers might look like if they were applying lipstick to her lips and what the name of an appropriate color might be. Wine-sap Rose? Desert Dusk? Rose Island?
As Gene’s hand reached out to pick up the steak Myriam had chosen, her hand lightly touched his arm.
“If it’s less than perfect, please don’t tell your wife that I’m to blame.”
Gene shook his head, “Don’t worry. We have a typical marriage. If there’s any blame, it will be all mine.” After Myriam gave a farewell smile and walked toward dairy, Gene stared at her tousled hair.
That night at dinner as he chewed a bite of just past medium-rare grilled beef, Gene watched Maryellen’s plain nailed hands cutting her meat into small, precise bites.

When her partner walked in the store, Maryellen was draping a shrug made of pale pink and fog gray flecked mohair that she had just finished over a corner of a wicker basket containing more of the same line of yarn. Jeannine slipped her hand under the shrug and spread her fingers.
“Jesus mercy, M.E., you do nice work. The student outdoes the teacher. Nice loft, huh? Nice hand.” Jeannine bent over so she could put her face close to the yarn, “Even smells good.”
As her partner backed away, Maryellen fussed with the drape of the fabric.
“All good reasons for why we bought so much.”
Jeannine waggled a finger at the basket of yarn. “All of which may be countered by price. Almost 250 dollars for a sweater. That’s a lot of money for a hobby.”
Maryellen smiled and waggled her finger back, “The ladies seem to be willing. Maybe they figure that it only costs as much as a couple of rounds of their husbands’ golf, takes longer to do, and, at the end, they have more to show for the money than some score cards and a dozen tees.”
Jeannine stashed her purse and knitting bag behind the register counter.
“It still doesn’t feel quite right. Me, my sister, mom, and Mimsy, we all learned to knit to save money, not to spend it.”
“And you can still do that if you want to go to Wal-Mart and buy yarn made from stuff that was never alive.”
Jeannine got the cash drawer from its hiding place underneath an upside down wash basin stored under the wash room sink.
“It’s important that it once was living—wool, linen, cotton, bamboo, silk?”
Maryellen nodded emphatically, “It is. I think about that sometimes when I’m knitting. It’s like a parade, no, a relay race, a spark of life, like a baton, being passed to another life.” Since Maryellen felt herself getting tongue-tied, she was relieved when Jeannine gave her an exit by singing, “May the circle be unbroken,” to which she herself rejoined, “Especially when you’re knitting socks.”

While it was a full bladder that woke Gene, it was the slight spray of freckles running along the ridge of Myriam Flagent’s cheekbones that kept him awake. He had no notion of what he might have been dreaming prior to his bladder’s claim, but as soon as he awoke that spritz of freckles occupied all of his mind except for what was needed to get his dry-skinned feet to scuff along to the bathroom.
In the decades that Gene was on the road, he had accepted many more things than he had questioned or analyzed. Motels gave two bars of soap that were too small to be used instead of one decent-sized bar. Why? Because. If there were two restrooms in a hallway, the men’s room almost always came first. Why? Because. Light cream wasn’t available for coffee in a lot of the western states. Why? Because. But there had been times when Gene was driving along a rural road or watching tractor trailer lights feint their way past his motel room’s curtains when he would ponder the feather pattern of a chicken he had seen that day. This patch black, this brown, this white. And the next chick from the same hen with this black, and that white and no brown to be seen.
Why would those inveigling dots of melanin march along Myriam’s cheekbones rather than blotch her forehead or slash across one cheek? What had caused a minor imperfection to be so perfect? As Gene lay in bed with his lids shut and his breathing slowed so he wouldn’t disturb Maryellen, he wondered what it would feel like to touch those spots. He guessed his finger-tips would tremble. He had not touched a face other than those of his family members in more than forty years. He guessed that despite how careful he might be, his attempt to touch Myriam’s freckles would be as discordant as a ham-handed novice dragging his fingers across the smooth ivory buttons of an accordion.
Gene carefully turned his head to look at Maryellen whose smoothly humming breathing reminded him of the air handler in hotel corridor at night. Despite the crepuscular light he knew that his wife of so many years had no freckles. She had a smattering of moles and two recently acquired liver spots, but no freckles. Gene spent many minutes thinking about the injustice of that. It came to him that a spray of freckles could have made a world of difference.
In the following weeks, to give the Fates as much opportunity as possible, Gene added a few extra minutes to each shopping trip to ponder the sirloin steaks. Whether they were for sale for $3.99 a pound or priced at $5.59 a pound, whether or not they were on his shopping list, Gene stopped at that anointed section of Ladd’s meat counter and in a hazy kind of way prayed like a supplicant outside the grotto at Lourdes.

As they had for almost every supper for the last two months, Gene and Maryellen were eating outside on the patio. A gauze bandage of pale pink clouds had soaked up some of the blood red sunset. Below that band, the sun’s shards were so intense that Maryellen could imagine they were what was making the leaves of the Rose of Sharon rustle and dance. Gene had gone to Panera and bought a baguette to go with a dinner which, with the exception of a grilled chicken breast, was mostly from the garden. He had steamed green beans and added some finely chopped tarragon on top and made an arugula, lead lettuce, and cherry tomato salad. There were blueberries and whipped cream for dessert.
Looking at the simple food her husband had prepared, Maryellen felt a warmth suffuse her that was more than from the lowering sun. She picked up her glass of wine and nodded it toward Gene.
“This is wonderful.”
“You might not be saying that in a week or two. There’s a freight train of this stuff coming, especially tomatoes.”
“We’ll probably figure out a way.”
Gene nodded, “We usually do.”
Hearing something in Gene’s tone, Maryellen asked, “Any doubts the Almssons can handle a ton of tomatoes?”
Rather than saying anything, Gene pulled the bread board toward him and began to cut slices.
“I know it can’t be easy, Gene. I do know.”
“Raising kids is a little more valuable than raising tomatoes.”
“Are you sure? Because raising chickens used to be more valuable than….”
Maryellen stopped in horror. She had meant to say something quick-witted and funny, but even as the words tumbled from her mouth, she was shocked at how accusatory, how poisoned they were. Like a lanced boil, they had shot out, propelled by a quarter century of resentment. Maryellen froze, not knowing whether she should twist the knife, pull it out, or pretend that it wasn’t sticking out of her husband’s chest.
“Oh, Gene. I’m sorry. That didn’t come out the way I wanted.”
“And I shouldn’t be whining. You didn’t.”
“Are you going to make it?”
“Make it?”
“Find some satisfaction, some happiness, some joy in what you do.”
Gene swept the back yard with the bread knife, “Beyond the paradise I’ve created?”
“The gardens have never looked this good.”
“And in a few more months most of what you see will be heaped in a compost pile.”
“Couldn’t you volunteer for one of those programs that helps people start or keep their businesses going?”
“Maryellen, what I did wasn’t really management, plus what do I really know besides poultry?”
“Rotary? Elks? Something with church?”
“I’ve asked myself the same thing, but none of those things seem to light up the switchboard. What I did, most people wouldn’t want to do. Spending half a life in airports and in front of car rental counters. Spending hours every day thinking about chickens—it’s not what most people set out to do. I happened to fall into it, liked it, and got good at it. Now, it’s gone.”
Maryellen reached her hand across the pebbled glass of the patio table, but stopped short of Gene’s hand.
“The job’s gone, but if you could figure out the parts of the job that brought satisfaction, and it might not be just one thing, it might be more than one, you might be able to find things that would duplicate that satisfaction. So, it might not be one big job. It might be several little jobs.”
Gene started to collect dishes to take back inside.
“I don’t know. I keep thinking that I need to find something pretty soon since the gardening duties are going to be ratcheting back in before long.”
“Teaching a course? Continuing ed? Maybe data analysis? Or what about adult ed? GED math?”
Gene picked up the tray that he had loaded.
“Don’t know. Maybe a paper route is the answer. Up early. Helping people. Plucky work for a plucky person. Do you want coffee?”
“Do you want to keep sitting out here? Might be a nice moon.”
“No, not really.”
“Ok, let’s go in and I’ll make us a pot.”
Gene shook his head, “Damn, there goes my job security.”

Gene willed his body to be still. He drew in slow, deep, quiet breaths. He slowly lifted his shoulders, like an indolent shrug, then, just as slowly dropped them back down. Beside him, Maryellen fidgeted. For a moment Gene wondered if being too calm, especially in a setting that he used to try to avoid, would arouse Maryellen’s suspicions. He skewed his eyes sideways to see what her face might reveal but, from what he could see, Maryellen was presenting God and the congregation with a placid face, a face, however, which her agitated fingers somewhat belied. Feeling safer, Gene began to scan the backs of the heads seated in front of him. He took his time, but despite that discipline, he was unable to spot Myriam’s tousled hair.
Gene and Maryellen were sitting six pews up from the back of the church on the left side of the aisle. From that location, Gene’s best vantage was toward those sitting in front of him on the right side of the church. After he was certain that Myriam wasn’t in that section, Gene shifted his body a few inches to the left to get a better sight line behind the mammoth gleaming pate of the thick-necked sweet-scented man sitting directly in front of him. After a minute Gene accepted that his improved position didn’t help much. He tried to estimate the number of people whose heads were blocked from his view. His heart sank when his count grew past thirty.
As the service began, and the congregation rose, Gene managed to twist sideways enough to quickly scan the parishioners sitting behind and to his right.
No freckles.
As Father Edmonds words rose and fell like the random drama of March winds, Gene despaired. He had seen Myriam at Ladd’s Market just the one time; however, each time he returned to shop, he was hopeful. Yet, he knew it was an unreasonable hope. He was not so soul-struck that he could make himself believe that people in general, and Myriam Flagent in particular, were methodically regular in their grocery shopping. As a result of the inter-play of hope and reason, he would pass through Ladd’s hermetic doors hopeful and leave disappointed, but with no more emotional damage than a Powerball ticket loser. The stakes were different when he walked down St. Paul’s center aisle. Gene was sure that each and every time he had gone to church prior to their chance meeting at Ladd’s that he had seen Myriam. Now, four Sundays after that propitious event he had only seen her twice. The first time was just a short stare as she walked along the far aisle after receiving communion. The second time, a week ago, was a close-up smile at the top of St. Paul’s steps as Maryellen and he were leaving. Myriam was talking to a thin-faced, ruddy-cheeked man barely taller than Myriam in her red open-toed high heels. That smile had been so radiant that in the two seconds it endured, Gene’s eyes had jumped from eyes to lips to freckles and back to lips without taking in the full wonder of any of those aspects of Myriam Flagent.
Gene slumped back against the pew and surrendered to the one unforgivable sin: despair.
One hundred sixty-eight hours of anticipation. Then, nothing.
Despair.
Father Edmond’s voice became as irritating as a mosquito’s drone. The head in front of Gene reddened, then glistened, then gave off the odor of menthol. Maryellen’s fingers reminded Gene of a nest of new-born squirming mice. He heard a stomach mewl and remained irritated at the visceral intimacy of that dissatisfied sound even after he realized the plaintive noise was of his own making.
Despair.
Gene slumped deeper in the pew and thought of how many of weeds pulled, laundry loads washed, dried, and folded, walks swept, dishes washed and dried and put away, and tables crumbed he would have to endure before he could be back in this crowded, perfume thick empty feeling room waiting—and hoping for a spray of freckles and a smile.

When Maryellen tapped on the bathroom door, Gene grunted an okay around the stalk of his toothbrush.
“I can’t find my hair brush.”
Gene shrugged in sympathy as he tried to recall if he had seen it. Maryellen’s brush, or, more accurately, her generations of brushes, was an object Gene held in the same revulsion that Maryellen had for rats. As he looked in the mirror at Maryellen’s hair, Gene pondered, not for the first time, how something so sensuous, soft, silky and smooth could disgust him after it was pulled from her scalp and snarled in her brush. Why was it that something that was no more than a transition, a movement from scalp to bristle, could feel like the most profound transformation?
Maryellen opened the shower door and checked out the interior. With an exasperated puff, she started to leave, but, after a quick glance at Gene’s face in the mirror, a glance that was meant to display a slight-smiled regret for the intrusion, Maryellen stopped dead and stared hard at Gene’s reflection. Finally, after a drawn out pause, she asked, “Are you okay?”
Gene, happy for a mouth filled with minty froth, skittered his eyes toward his wife and nodded his head in affirmation. Maryellen stared at her husband’s image for a few moments before duplicating his head movement as she edged past him toward the door.
Gene dawdled. He brushed, spat and re-brushed. He leaned toward the mirror to see what errant hairs might be harvested from his ears. He splashed water on his face and squeegeed it away with his palms, then re-did the ablution. He smoothed the curled edge of his pajama collar. He considered if he might be able to slide through the bathroom doorway and slip down the stairs to avoid the questions he was sure Maryellen was preparing to direct his way. As Gene lingered over his sink, he wished he could have the conversation he knew was coming over the telephone rather than in bed alongside his wife of almost four decades.
When Gene was on the road, he was a presenter of information. With handouts and overheads, carousel slides and Power Point, he had taken data, converted them to facts and then used the facts to tell a story and draw conclusions. At the end of a day, a day that might have ended thirty miles outside Macon in a beige and benign motel room, he had done the same thing over the phone with Maryellen. The only difference was that the goal of the stories he told to the poultry producers was very different from the effect he would try to elicit from his wife.
Relaying the shadings and shapes of his physical and emotional week had been easy over the phone—so much easier over the phone than sitting with a slightly reluctant arm around Maryellen in bed late on a Friday night, two hours after landing. It was because of that difficulty with direct sharing that over time Gene had learned to call on Thursday night. Alone in a motel room he found it almost effortless to express an empathy for her trials, sorrow for how much he missed his family, and regret that he had to spend so much time on the road to give his family the life they deserved. He would recapitulate the days and, like all adventurers over the millennia, he would make his smooth sailing a little more weather riven and his mundane triumphs more mythic—not to the point of defeating hydras and hippogriffs, but larger than making a small room of chicken growers laugh or successfully traveling seventy miles of narrow blacktop in an un-air-conditioned rental car. With the week’s chapter told on Thursday, Gene could return on Friday to snuggle, sigh and snore.
Now, Gene wanted to slip down the stairs, check into a motel, call Maryellen and tell her that he felt fine, just fine. Dandy. Fine and dandy. Instead, he slid past their bedroom door, but only went as far as the top of the stairs before turning around and going to their bedroom. As he padded along the footboard toward his side of the bed, Gene felt Maryellen’s eyes rake him like airport security in the months following 911. When he turned the corner, he put a fist to his mouth and barked two dry coughs.
“Nothing really. Just a tickle. I’ve had it for a day or so.”
There was an information-receiving look Maryellen had—eyes open wide, brows slightly elevated, mouth closed but not pursed—that always had disconcerted Gene because he had never been sure if it was the information or lack of information that was being processed. Gene kept his head down as he plumped his pillows and straightened his sheet, but he could feel that look take his measure. After he slid into bed Maryellen’s eyes drifted back to her book. Unwilling to chance the return of his mate’s attention, Gene turned off his light and stared at the abstruse patterns on the back of his lids.

Although it wasn’t even ten, Gene had gone upstairs to read. When Maryellen opened the pantry to look for something to snack on, she was distracted by the bottle of Jim Beam. In the months since Gene had retired they had gotten into the habit of having a glass of wine with dinner, but she couldn’t remember any occasion when they had drunk whiskey. What she did remember was that the last time she had noticed the Beam bottle it had been mostly full rather than how it was now, which was mostly empty. When Maryellen closed the pantry door she was not thinking about being hungry. She fought off her urge to go upstairs to say or do something. It had been both her inclination and JN’s never-been-married marital advice not to rescue Gene as he fumbled his way forward into retired life. She frequently had told herself that if she started to worry or leap into the gap every time Gene was bored or depressed, she would be not only be taking time and energy away from making the store a success, but also delaying the adjustments Gene needed to make to get comfortable with the next stage of his life. In so many ways, what had been happening over the last months was what she expected when he first called home to tell her that he was being forced into retirement. While he was working, most of Gene’s time and energy had been devoted to work and almost all of his sense of self had come from that work. Maryellen thought that it was reasonable to expect that filling five unexpectedly empty days, one hundred twenty hours minus maybe forty for sleep, would be a Herculean task and one that would not be accomplished with much grace for a few months. She herself had had more than a few sleepless nights in the days before he came home for good. She had been haunted by a ridiculous, but, still, disconcerting image of a much larger, unshaved Gene with a beer in one hand and a donut in the other. Something like Homer Simpson, but with two college degrees. At least, that hadn’t happened...so far.
Maryellen stood in front of the kitchen sink looking out at the moon-silvered yard trying to imagine the circumstances where Gene might be drinking bourbon by himself. Would it be to make the world fuzzy? To dampen some pain? As a reward for some small household triumph? She didn’t know the answer, and, as she turned away from a landscape whose muted colors and thick shadows reminded her of an aquarium meant to portray deep ocean life, she realized that she didn’t want to know. Even after a long day at the store, Maryellen understood that she would much rather think of her problems at work than Gene’s problems at home.
As she stood in the murk of the kitchen, Maryellen sighed. She was a horrible wife…person. So be it.

There had been decades when Maryellen had not paid much attention to fashion. She was too busy with the girls and money was too tight. In addition, it was Ohio, it was Runesburg. It really didn’t matter. Maryellen still wasn’t positive that fashion mattered to most of Runesburg, but it had begun to matter to her. When she first started to work at The Skeins’ Game, and much more after she became JN’s partner, Maryellen had paid attention to the world of knitwear. In a way, looking at a sweater in Vogue or Elle and being able to identify the yarn used in its manufacture gave her the same frisson as seeing the names of her girls or their friends in The Runesburg Tribune. Maryellen had started with New York and knitwear, but within a year she was anticipating what would come down the runway during Fashion Week in Paris and Milan. Her interest in knitwear had expanded to shoes and, then, to accessories. Maryellen had far too much sense even to consider spending $10,000 on a Lana Marks handbag or $1500 on a pair of Jimmy Choo shoes, but, more and more, she had found herself wanting to know about these things. She had begun to play around with the idea of going to New York for Fashion Week. She didn’t want to go to buy. She wanted to go to see others buy. She wanted to watch women who led lives in which buttons were really important. She had spent a lot of time thinking about what a trip might cost, where she would stay, how she would get into shows and which ones she would want to attend. While she nursed this idea, she didn’t say anything to Gene or JN. She wasn’t ready for their judgment.
For decades, Gene had gone to poultry conventions in the U. S and Canada. As her own plans were fleshed out, Maryellen began to think of those Gene’s excursions as Fashion Week for Chickens. Gene always had anticipated those events, enjoyed them, and never for a moment doubted that being there was valuable. Wouldn’t the same be true if she were to go to New York?
Maryellen Almsson had never been in New York City. Cleveland, Chicago, and Detroit were familiar. She had been to both Philly and Dallas to visit with Tisha and Lora, but she never had gone to New York. When she thought about walking down Sixth Avenue and dodging racks of the newest clothes, she got a galvanic shiver that was not all that different from when she was sure, as improbable as it was, that she had seen Rod Stewart getting out of a limousine in front of the Crowne Plaza in Toledo. That shiver, when it came, was resurrected from somewhere so far in her past that it took Maryellen a moment to recognize it for what it was—the possibility of the unexpected.
Maryellen’s dreams about the possibility of the unexpected in New York City suddenly were shoved side when the unexpected happened in Runesburg, Ohio.
“Hey, did you see Reid?”
The enthusiasm in Maryellen’s voice about the lubricious owner of the Tile Styles store, someone who usually only merited shudders, eye rolling, or yawns, pulled JN’s eyes up from the yarn catalog she was studying.
“No. What?”
“He’s closing the store. He and Elaine have decided to move to Georgia to be close to their daughter, what’s her name, Agi, Ari, and the two grandkids.”
“Close and sell?”
“He said close.”
“Why not sell?”
“What’s to sell? Some tile, maybe, but who would pay for the bad reputation and worse name?”
JN shook her head.
“Knowing him you have to figure that he tried. Tossed his lure in the waters, but the waters stayed calm.”
Maryellen came up to JN and put a tentative hand on her shoulder.
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
“That the Buckeye state is going to be worse off from losing Reid Briggs and his floor covering acumen?”
“It’s a terrible loss, no doubt, but maybe we can ease the public’s pain.”
JN’s smile only traveled across half her mouth. “How’s that?”
“Buy his unit and double the store.”
JN looked back down at her catalog as she dismissed Maryellen’s suggestion, “Dream on.”
“Actually, JN, I have been. For a long time. If we owned his unit, we could take out half the wall and bring out all of the displays up front where the light is better. In the back we could have two classrooms. One for knitters and one for weavers.”
JN shook her head so hard it looked like she had water in her ears.
“We don’t know much about weaving.”
“JN, that’s not true. We know Nora Green, and Nora knows all the weavers. And we know that weavers use a lot more yarn than knitters.”
“Maybe that’s true for real weavers, but there are a lot more knitters than weavers and what Nora has told me is that most looms are like spinsters sitting alone in their rooms. It’s so much work to dress and thread a loom and, then, once you do weave something, unless its placemats, shawls, scarves or runners, you still have to do something else with it. So, not only do you have to know how to weave, you also have to know how to sew. Plus, and maybe worse, you can’t start anything new until you finish what’s already on the loom. How many knitters do we know who have two baby blankets, a hat and a pair of mittens already started who still come in to buy yarn for the most beautiful Aran Island sweater they just have to start on? We can’t have our business depend on someone finishing a project. It’s got to depend on someone starting something or, even better, thinking they are going to start something.”
“JN, it’s a huge opportunity.”
“But, Maryellen, a huge opportunity doesn’t mean it’s a good opportunity. We could end up doubling our overhead, but what are the chances that we can double our revenue? It’s too scary.”
Maryellen cocked her head as if she hadn’t heard what Jeannine had said.
“Scary? Not scary, JN. Exciting.”
“Ok. Not scary. Risky. Very risky.”
“Every time we order yarn it’s risky.”
“Riding a bicycle is risky, just not jumping out of an airplane risky.”
Maryellen made a small pleading gesture, common in Catholic statuary, with her hands.
“Just think about it.”
“Would you let me do otherwise?”

Maryellen had spent most of what had proved to be a slow day at the store thinking of how she would approach Gene. If…no, when JN came around to seeing what a great idea it would be to grow the store, she would still need to convince Gene that The Skeins’ Game was a better place to put part of their retirement than in laddered CDs paying a penny or two on the dollar. Since she had become partners with JN less than five years before, the value of their unit had almost doubled. Maryellen wasn’t exactly sure how to do the math, but she knew that even if JN was right and their overhead doubled, but their revenue didn’t, that if they added in the appreciation they would have to be ahead. And they would have the biggest, most sophisticated yarn store in Northwest Ohio. She could imagine having yarn and patterns that a knitter couldn’t find anywhere else that would compel them to drive down from Toledo. Once knitters found out what a wonderful store the Skeins’ Game was, they would come and, once they came, they would keep coming because one of the special things about knitters was their loyalty.
When Maryellen first started thinking about how and what she would say to Gene to convince him that it would make sense to take more than one hundred thousand dollars from their retirement savings to buy Tile Styles, she had prepared economic arguments. However, as she continued to think about it, she realized that economic arguments probably were not a good idea. Gene would take her numbers, whatever they might be, and put them in a spread sheet in such a way that the numbers would prove that it was a bad idea. Maryellen became positive that Gene wouldn’t want her to do it even if the spread sheet could show that she and JN would make a million dollars. One of the things she had learned about Gene over nearly forty years of marriage was how competitive he was—not typical male athletic competitive, probably because he was not a good athlete. But, competitive in weird ways. Getting the most cherries in the fruit cocktail. Grabbing the pizza slice with the most pepperoni. Winning the closest parking place. Ending up with the biggest cookie, or the airline seat with the most legroom. Maryellen had come to recognize a certain kind of concentrated look and amped up energy in Gene that meant that he was trying to win something, but often, especially when they were in the car together, she had no idea of what the competition was. Sometimes, when he won whatever it was that he had won, he would murmur, “There.”
Maryellen did not delude herself that just because her husband had retired from work that he had retired from competition, too. In fact, even before Gene was officially retired, Maryellen had thought that it was more than likely that his competitive urges would grow. She had tried to guess where those energies would go. Now, there were some answers: Tomatoes. Not necessarily the biggest, or the reddest, but the most different. Weirdly, cooking and laundry seemed to offer some opportunities. So far as she could tell, money had been left out of it. She thought maybe that was because retirement, with nothing but his 401k pension, was now, like tennis, a game he knew he couldn’t win. But, Maryellen was sure that if she were to try to expand the store that that detente about money might soon be over.
After most of a day of thinking, Maryellen decided that her best approach to win Gene’s approval would have to be founded upon fairness. For decades Gene had gotten to do what he wanted to do. He got to drive the clean new cars, eat the garnished food and slide between clean sheets in a bed made up by someone else. He got to talk with adults and, the way he described them, mostly rich smart adults, about adult things while she was home discussing Barbie’s clothes and acne medication and mediating arguments. In all fairness, she had it coming. She had labored in the trenches—laundry, vacuuming, dishes, unending dishes—while he flew business class and waited for connections in VIP lounges. The reason he had a 401k was because she didn’t. It wasn’t his money. It was their money. And if it was their money, then, it followed that some of it was her money and, at fifty-eight, if she wanted to take some of her damn money and buy Reid Briggs’ unit and knock down a damn wall to make the biggest most sophisticated damn yarn store Northwest Ohio had ever seen, then, that was fair, wasn’t it?
And even if it wasn’t fair, it was damn sure past due.
By the time Maryellen was driving home, her righteousness had cooled and her diplomacy had warmed. She began to see that her biggest chance for success might be if she could get Gene to come up with the idea of expanding the store himself. If it was his idea, then, a lot of the contention would disappear. Although Gene didn’t talk much about his investments, he talked enough that Maryellen knew he was very conservative. She thought that his primary investment idea was that the best way to win was not to lose. If she had to guess, she would put the part of his 401k in CDs at over eighty percent. If she could get him to think of buying Reid’s store strictly as a real estate investment, as something to buy and derive income from while waiting for the unit to appreciate, as it must, then, maybe, she could get what she wanted without starting a war.
As she neared her home, Maryellen decided that the best way to start the process would be to mention how she was worried about the new property tax bill because of the huge increase in the store’s assessed value. She thought that if she had that conversation first, then, kept quiet and grateful as Gene tutored her on the rate of return and the positive tax consequences of the depreciation, it would set the stage for announcing a few days later that Reid Briggs was putting his unit up for sale. After that, if she had done a good job on Gene and if Gene had done a good job on himself, then, he might decide that Reid Brigg’s unit was an investment opportunity they shouldn’t miss. Gene could propose and she could waver and worry—where would they find a tenant, what if they got a tenant and he or she didn’t make a go of it and broke the lease, or what if a tenant damaged the place? She could set up the pins and he could knock them down and decide that she should set aside her fears.
Maryellen sat in the driveway and tried to anticipate where her plan could go wrong. Certainly, Reid was a wild card. Gene didn’t really know him, but, while Maryellen could not remember what she might have said about Reid, she couldn’t imagine that it would have been anything complimentary. If Gene got involved in the negotiations with a pre-formed attitude that Reid was a snake, that didn’t bode well. The more she thought about it, the closer Maryellen came to the conclusion that the best way to move Gene toward her goal was to trigger his competitive urges and the best way to do that was to insure that there was a competitor. She needed to be sure that Gene thought that someone else wanted Reid’s unit. Her only question to herself was whether floating a rumor that another buyer existed was sufficient or whether she would need to go beyond that.
Maryellen did not like the idea of deceiving her husband, but she really, really did want to own the biggest, most sophisticated yarn store in Northwest Ohio. Besides, she was sure that over the decades of their marriage that Gene had bent, twisted and stretched the truth in ways that made his life easier or better. Almost from the very beginning, she had had doubts about the necessity of, and his explanations for, some of the flight scheduling that didn’t get him home until late on Friday or, sometimes, not until Saturday. As the girls had become teens it seemed like there were a lot more times where Gene needed to fly out on Sunday afternoon or night rather than waiting for Monday morning. After they had gotten an internet connection in 1996, Maryellen often had considered checking the weather and flight schedules of wherever Gene was to confirm that a flight, indeed, was grounded or there really were no seats on a connector, but she had never allowed herself to do that detective work. There was a part of her, a substantial part, which just did not want to know. What was not obvious to Maryellen was whether she was afraid that the evidence would confirm her idea that her husband lied to her or whether she was afraid that she would find that he didn’t, that her husband was a more honorable man than she had come to think of him.
That night during dinner, a dinner which consisted of roasted pork tenderloin, rice pilaf and a green salad with four colors of tomatoes, Maryellen planted the seed by making up a conversation that Jeannine and she had had about how the profits they made from the sale of yarn, needles, patterns and classes was almost exceeded by the appreciation of their unit, assuming the new assessment was correct. When Gene didn’t say much beyond speculating about the effects of crop prices on the value of farmland, Maryellen just dropped it.
That night, just after Gene turned out his light, Maryellen reached out, found his wrist, and patted the top of his hand. After a moment’s fumbling, each found the others fingers and they held hands.
“Are you settling in?”
“Like a cock in a cage.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It might make a chef out of me.”
“That was a very nice meal you made tonight. It’s a huge treat to come home to such a nice meal. After I went in on the store but you were still on the road, I can’t tell you how many fried egg and lettuce sandwiches I ate. God’s perfect food—proteins, grain and veggie, but they do get old fast.”
Gene rejoined, “I certainly saw my fill of chicken breasts. There would have been some times when I could have gone for an egg and lettuce sandwich. But, that’s not exactly what my clients wanted to see me ordering, especially if I was picking up the tab. Kind of hard to imagine a Tyson or Perdue being happy with an egg sandwich.”
After Gene’s fingers loosened, Maryellen patted his hand as she thought that it was exactly that kind of weird competitiveness that she was counting on to enable her to get Reid’s unit. As Gene slept, Maryellen lay contented in the bedroom’s gloam designing and redesigning the biggest, most sophisticated yarn store in Northwest Ohio.

Maryellen was exhausted, but excited. She had awakened three times during the night to think about the new store. While Gene had slept next to her with his rhythmic breathing cycling through its generator humming sounds, she had knocked down the wall that separated The Skeins’ Game from Tile Styles. Reid Briggs had at least ten kinds of tile displayed on the floor. That all had to go. As she lay in the dark, Maryellen wondered whether it was easier or cheaper to put something down on top of what was already there rather than tearing it out. She and JN needed to talk floor coverings. Maryellen could see JN leaning toward a laminate, like Pergo, but she herself thought that since they were going to be featuring richer, more expensive yarns, their furnishings, including the flooring, needed to have some cachet. Common flooring like pre-finished red or white oak would be too easily scratched. She decided she needed to drive up to Toledo to look at the bamboo floor Lois Creeson’s husband, Jim, had told her he had helped to install in a restaurant more than a year before. If that floor had worn as well as Jim said, then, maybe, bamboo was the way to go. It might be a pretty sophisticated yarn store that would both bamboo floors and bamboo yarn. Look out northwest Ohio.
Maryellen had fallen back asleep after visualizing the contrast of the russet browns of their wicker baskets against the silver gray of the bamboo. When she awakened again less than two hours later, she worked on lighting issues. Color and hand or feel were what sold yarn. The Skeins’ Game’s current space was narrow and deep with windows that faced east. Even at the height of summer, sunlight never penetrated more than halfway into the display area. The banks of fluorescents that currently illuminated the store hardened the true colors of the yarns, especially the darker hues—navies, plums, russets. Maryellen was sure that track lighting with LEDs was the way to go. The bulbs lasted forever and didn’t use much electricity, but the upfront installation costs were more than five times higher than banks of fluorescents.
It wasn’t until she woke just before six o’ clock that Maryellen went through the costs and risks of what she and JN were proposing to do. Running estimates of the costs to close on the Tile Styles’ unit and how much sales would have to increase to cover the higher overhead was disturbing enough that Maryellen was up, showered and caffeinated before Gene had returned from wherever he was that was making him whimper and growl in his sleep.

With the surprise and confusion that usually goes along with an unexpected flank attack, Maryellen was in panicky retreat after Jeannine told her that she absolutely would not invest any of her own money into buying Reid’s store. Maryellen could not believe that her dream wasn’t coming true. It had taken a certain amount of time and a certain amount of marital duplicity, but Gene had come to agree that buying Reid’s unit made enough economic sense that an offer should be made. Maryellen had shown him The Skeins’ Game net profit on a square foot basis. She also presented him with the sketches she had made of a larger store. Gene had taken those drawings and had determined how the floor space dedicated to revenue generating activities would increase. After he had tweaked and twiddled those numbers he had come up with a purchase price $3800 under the $225,000 that Maryellen thought Reid would take. Maryellen had figured that she and Jeannine should take out a loan for seventy percent of the purchase price, but Gene thought that they should buy it outright. He did not want to be taking on debt at this stage of his life. Maryellen was resistant to that idea because then there would be less money available for the renovations she wanted to make and the increased inventory. After two nights of discussion and after she came to accept that Gene would not change his ideas on no financing on their half of the purchase price, Maryellen changed tack. She decided that she could minimize the damage by getting JN to contribute less to the purchase price so they could use her more of her funds for the renovations.
Now, after all of her careful planning, Maryellen was beyond flabbergasted when JN told her that she, too, had been spending a lot of time considering what was the best thing to do, and she had come to the conclusion that their best move was no move.
“How can you think that?”
“ME, two weeks ago we were content with what we had.”
Maryellen gave a palsied shake to her head, “I wasn’t content. I’ve wanted a bigger, more sophisticated store for a long time.”
JN’s hand shot up like a traffic cops, “Content enough. You weren’t out scouting sites, talking to real estate agents, or bankers. It was more that you were happy with what we’ve been doing, but also dreaming while you were doing it.”
“But, the dreaming changed to planning when the opportunity showed up. Opportunity makes it all different.”
“Maryellen, I think you have a different idea about opportunity than I do. To me, opportunity is something to be looked at. Considered. You seem to think that it is something you have to take advantage of. I’ve looked at what we might be able to do. I think it’s intriguing. I definitely think it could be fun. I even think it might be profitable. But, it is absolutely risky. By trying to add a little more to our pockets, we could lose our purses. It’s not like we’re thirty and, if we screw this up, we have decades to get ourselves healthy again. You know how sometimes things just fall into place? You want some big square gold and teal buttons for a sweater. You can see them in your mind. And you go looking and the first thing you see are big square gold and teal buttons. This does not feel like that. To me, this feels like maybe we are trying to make something happen that’s not supposed to happen.”
Maryellen had not cried in years and didn’t think she was going to now, but the burning sensation at the corners of her eyes was enough that she thought it was time to end the discussion.
“Okay. I want to vacuum the knitting circle.”
Pushing the sweeper’s head back and forth over the close cropped carpet cooled the burning in her eyes, but did nothing to slow the agitation going on in Maryellen’s head.

In the end, Gene’s competitiveness and Maryellen’s ability to coach it saved the day. On August 12th, Reid Brigg’s unit was purchased with cash from Gene’s retirement. Gene owned the unit and rented it to The Skeins’ Game. Maryellen had had more than a niggling doubt about having her husband as her landlord, but after JN was adamant that she was not going to put up any of her own money to buy Reid’s unit, having Gene buy it seemed like the only option. If she wanted the biggest, most sophisticated yarn store in Northwest Ohio, and she very much did want that, then, she had to accept Gene as her landlord.
In their discussions before the decision was made, Gene had insisted that he would be a hands-off owner, but Maryellen didn’t believe him for a minute. She could imagine Gene with a new key on his key ring opening the front door of the shop at 6:00 in the morning ostensibly to check for a leaking faucet or running toilet, but the real reason he would be there would be for the pleasure of walking on the floor and looking up at the ceiling he had won. Even before the property had changed hands, Maryellen could imagine future arguments about exterior lighting costs or a dressing down as a result of a ding in a door frame. When she thought about Gene walking around the store what upset Maryellen the most was the notion of his walking across the legal demarcation line between what he owned and what JN and she owned.

Like most businesses, The Skeins’ Game had cycles. After a summer lull where people had plenty to do besides knit, sales would begin to pick up after Labor Day as knitters began to buy for projects they wanted to have ready for Christmas. Jeannine and Maryellen were reviewing their recent sales figures and considering their expanded space as they tried to finalize their orders for the upcoming season. After two years of seeing eyelash fly off the shelves as newbies made scarf after scarf, sales of that novelty yarn were going to slow. In New York, Milan and other fashion centers, eyelash was dead and buried. But the exurbs of Toledo were not New York or Paris. Undoubtedly, eyelash sales were going to slow, the question was by how much? The manufacturers were featuring more luxurious yarns—cashmere-silk and mohair-silk blends, bamboos, fine worsteds and lots of linen softened with long-fibered cotton. Obviously, they would need to stock some of those yarns, but, again, how much?
Maryellen had fallen in love with a mohair mix from Berroco. For more than a week, she had been trying to convince JN to buy the whole range of colors and in quantity. As she rubbed a skein of the fluffy yarn across her cheek, Jeannine said, “I love it, too. It’s got that mother’s hands feel. But, I don’t like the whole line. I don’t care how big they are somewhere else; those pumpkin shades scare the bejeeezus out of me. I don’t even want to think about how much orange family yarn I’ve had to toss in the discount bin over the years. Maybe we don’t like orange hues around here because we live in the Rust Belt and don’t need to be reminded of that every time we put on a sweater we’ve spent hours making. Plus, it is just so expensive.”
“But, JN, it’s not that expensive if you get years of use out of it. Quality doesn’t go out of style. Think about a cardigan made out of this, “ Maryellen picked up a skein of lustrous charcoal with a light gray flake, “You could wear it for ten years.”
“Except that next year you can’t wear a cardigan because it has to be a boat neck or a mock turtle or V-neck crew, or, God forbid, a sweater set.” JN laughed as she tossed the yarn she had been holding high into the air and caught it. “Smiling Buddha, think how rich we would be if the Wintour’s Night Dream dictated sweater sets. Twice the yarn for each project.” JN’s face clouded as she studied the skein in her hand. “Who in her right mind would spend more than three hundred dollars to make a sweater set?”
“People seem pretty flush.”
“Seeming flush and being flush are different and I keep getting the shivers that we are going to find out about that difference before very long.”
Maryellen wasn’t ready to give up. She loved that Berocco yarn, but she didn’t think it was the right time to go to war over it.
“Okay. Let’s not decide on this yet. What about the cotton flake? How much of that do we want?”
It was two days later, a gloriously perfect late September day that just happened to fall at the end of August. Maryellen had won. She had convinced JN and they had ordered just over $11,000 of the Berroco. Maryellen was already thinking about what sweater pattern she was going to use to exhibit the yarn’s beauty as well as how best to display it. She knew that JN would think she had parachuted in from a Bulgari store, but as she had been falling asleep the night before listening to Gene’s breathing shift through its gears, the idea had come to her to strip the front window. Take out everything—the needles, patterns, the basket of basics. She could take the biggest display shelf, position it in the middle of the window, cover it with a fine linen table cloth, set it with six settings of her grandmother ‘ gold-rimmed white bone china and sterling flatware. On the fork side, she would arrange a skein of one of the lighter-hued Berocco yarns like a napkin. She could get the long-stemmed goblets that hadn’t been used in years from the basement and put a skein of each of the darker hues in the glasses like rich wines. Were the ladies of Runesburg ready for such a New York display? Maybe not, but Maryellen thought it was time to give them a push.

Almost from the very start the only thing that worked out with Maryellen’s plans for The Skeins’ Game was that the bamboo floor was beautiful and practical and the LED lighting did bring out the richness of the yarn colors. Even though they rushed the renovations so that the larger store was finished and filled with inventory by the weekend after Labor Day, and September sales were up by 28% from September 2006, the added expense caused by the expansion brought their net income down by almost a third from the previous year. Maryellen paid September and October’s rents to Gene on time, but it was painful to do because she knew how much less it was leaving JN to live on. As November approached and sales continued to lag behind the projections Maryellen had made, she decided to defer her draw by half so that JN wouldn’t be short-changed. When she proposed that to her partner, JN withdrew all expression from her face, pursed her lips and slightly shook her head. When Maryellen started to explain why it made sense, why it wouldn’t be a hardship for Maryellen because the rent money would be going to Gene, JN held up a finger to stop her.
“No. We’re partners. Good, bad, and in-between, we’re partners.”
Maryellen listened for any bitterness or regret in JN’s voice. When she couldn’t detect any, it only made her feel worse. On the same night of JN’s rebuff of her offer, Maryellen had a difficult time not finding fault with everything that Gene said or did.



CHAPTER FIVE

WINTER 2007-2008


Maryellen’s lower lip was clenched between her teeth in the hope that the pain in her mouth would crowd out the confusion in her mind. She had just finished what had been her fifth conversation with Tisha in seven days. Despite what Maryellen had said and especially what she hadn’t said in those calls, and Maryellen was sure she had not given an encouraging word, Tisha had taken those muted neutral words and turned them into permission to come home—to live, to re-orient herself, to start a new chapter and to bring thirteen month old Khloe with her. However, she would not be bringing the man whom she was planning soon to make her ex-husband, a man who despite the break-up, Tisha assured her mother, was going to remain Tisha’s good friend and Khloe’s caring father.
Maryellen released her lip and emitted an exhalation that purged her of excess carbon dioxide if not of her anger and the multiplex of possibilities currently playing in her brain that this change would bring. Offspring repatriation had happened to a half dozen of Maryellen’s customers and friends. When those parents had opened, or for some, unbarred the door, and allowed their children and grandchildren to move back in with them, Maryellen had tried not to judge them. After all, parents were supposed to do things for their children. Not always willingly. Circumstances dictated. But, she couldn’t help thinking that if parents did a good job with raising a child, then that child either should be astute enough to avoid the kinds of drama that brought them home or be independent enough to design alternatives to showing up with baby and baggage in tow. Now, if she was interpreting correctly, she herself was going to become one of those parents, which could mean that she might have to think of all the things that obviously she hadn’t done or had failed in the doing as Tisha’s mother.
A child at a time, a day, an hour, a minute at a time, Maryellen had raised her girls. Gene had often complained of how he might have to deal with three different-sized chicken processors in three different states over three days. She had kept quiet when he whined, but her silence wasn’t from deference to the breadwinner or fear of her spouse. Rather, her stoicism came from a deep well of pride and an appreciation of irony. She dealt with three different-sized entities in three different states of mind every day for years and unending years. The differences when the girls were one, three and five, or six, eight and ten, or eleven, thirteen and fifteen—Barbie, bubble bath and tampons. Try that on, Gene.
From the first moment that she knew she was pregnant, Maryellen had set herself the goal of giving one hundred percent to her children. Unlike her own mother, the twenty-four year old Maryellen had vowed never to be too tired to help, too bored to listen, too angry to love, or too hurt to forgive. Although only married for two years when she got pregnant, she already had frequently heard about the high mark Gene set for himself in terms of taking care of customers. She had promised herself to do the same with her children. And, as a consequence, Maryellen had done without a litany of things over the years that had ranged from a new broom, Avia sneakers, a salon haircut, a front hall runner, silver and turquoise earrings, a dish drainer and tray, an Ultra-suede jacket, and lots of pastry. Those desires had been passed over so that one or more of the girls could have a pair of Dorothy’s ruby slippers, a white parka with fake fur trim, or an extra ticket to take a friend to see Disney’s latest film.
Gene gave generously, theatrically, when he was on the road, but complained privately and, sometimes, bitterly, when he was home. Maryellen prided herself that she was a well, a fount that gave and gave, but without whining. Her driving philosophy had been that she would give to her kids. Later, as the girls started to grow and grow away, she amended her philosophy one where she would give until they were gone, and, then, it would be her turn. Her turn. That thought, that unspoken unembellished concept, had allowed Maryellen to persist on many days when her inclination had been to pack a bag and walk out the door. There had been times at the end of a horrible day, after the girls’ small insanities finally morphed into sleep, with Gene gone somewhere—Alabama, Arkansas—when Maryellen had laid in bed, eyes closed, lights off, mind on, and visualized herself in an empty house, a clean house, a house free of people and other clutter, with herself sitting in a recliner, feet up, tea alongside, tiara holding back her newly foiled hair, ermine cloak keeping her just-back-from-the-islands tanned shoulders warm, needles clicking along an unending strand of the finest, most luxurious cashmere yarn. It was that ridiculous but salving fantasy and others like it, fantasies of her future freedom, which had provided the fuel to keep Maryellen giving and going along the path she had chosen.
When Maryellen’s freedom came, at first just incrementally as the girls came and went from college, but later fully as they found jobs and boys and lives in other states, it had been more, better, beyond her dreams. Many of her surprises were of small freedoms and little queenly treats. Leaving a load of laundry in the washer overnight. Buying and broiling two lamb chops. Falling asleep on the sofa. Going to a movie that she wanted to see. The pleasure of those small things and early days of freedom whetted, rather than quelled, her desires. It was that enhanced appetite to do things for herself that had led to her partnership with JN after two years as a Skeins’ Game employee.
In many ways, so many ways—Maryellen thought, probably too many ways—her work at the shop gave her more joy and more satisfaction than anything else she had ever done in her life. It was the depth and breadth of that joy that was Maryellen Almsson’s most closely guarded secret. Now, that joy, her freedom, was being threatened by Tisha who, with a child’s typical blindness and arrogance to a parent’s needs, thought that it was her prerogative, her perfect right, to come home. No. Not home. At least, not her home. To come back. To come back to Maryellen and Gene Almsson’s home. To intrude. To displace. To hinder and curtail. A feral camel and its small calf poking their noses under the tent. As if children had some kind of lifetime membership, some premium-free, non-cancellable insurance, that compelled parents to provide for, support, and abet their every decision, indecision and mistake.
No. Damnit. No. No. And, no. She had done everything asked of her, every should, every have to, and more. Now, she was done. Done with all that. Retired from nurturing. She was a crafts-person, a successful business owner, an entrepreneur. No, goddamnit. Let someone else. Let Gene do the nurturing. She’d done it and she’d had it. It was over. She didn’t have the time, the energy or the inclination. She was too busy running the largest most sophisticated yarn store in northwest Ohio. If Tisha was coming back, then, it was back to Gene and whatever nurturing he might be capable of— like a nice five color chart showing weight change by month or language acquisition by category, but not her. She was D. O. N. E.

Maryellen looked over the tops of her folded hands, mumbled the words of grace and wondered what specifically she should be thankful for other than a turkey that Gene appeared to have perfectly cooked. Tisha was giving the Thanksgiving grace, as well she should. Gene looked to be frowning at his plate as if whatever was about to be served on it was going to be a disappointment, if not downright unpalatable. Khloe had her pale blue eyes closed, but Maryellen knew that it was not from devotion, but rather from the thirteen month old’s exhaustion from waiting for a meal that was coming three hours later than her normal eating time and, as bad, in the middle of what should be her naptime. Maryellen held back a groan of frustration as she considered her oft thought but, as yet, unspoken prayer, “Why me, Lord? Why me?” Although Maryellen pricked up her ears, she doubted that she was going to get any better answer back than, “Just because.”
Maryellen had said nothing to Gene about the upcoming change in their circumstances prior to Tisha’s arrival because her daughter had asked for that favor. Tisha was sure that it would go better if she were the one to explain things to “Daddy.” Gene, however, was asleep before Tisha and Khloe arrived after eleven on Thanksgiving Eve night with a U-Haul trailer tagging along behind Tisha’s Prius. Then, Gene’s frantic Thanksgiving Day cooking and Tisha’s child care had pre-empted a discussion of the new arrangement before the celebratory meal. Despite not having had the conversation, Maryellen just assumed that Gene must know what was coming. Even someone as pro-actively obtuse about child rearing as Gene would have to be aware, despite all the gear considered to be essential by helicopter parents, that a one year old’s weekend visit to a grandparents’ home rarely would involve a U-Haul trailer.
As Tisha’s litany of thanks for the bounty of their blessings continued unabated, Maryellen looked again at Gene. It was almost impossible for Maryellen to imagine her husband taking care of an infant. But, if Tisha was serious that she was going to be a working single mother, then, it was inevitable that Gene would be taking on many of those caregiving duties. Tisha’s move had been predicated on an offer for a job in the accounts department of a local lumber yard where a high school friend, reconnected with Tisha by Facebook, ran the office. Tisha had told her mother that even with the job, day care was just too expensive and, besides, care by strangers was never as good as the nurturing that could be done at home. Even if she and Gene contributed for day care, Maryellen well knew that all kids got sick, kids in day care got sick even more, and the youngest kids in day care got sick the most. Maryellen had a job, a career, a business. Tisha would have a job, a new one, where her vacation and personal days would be limited. When Khloe got sick, as she inevitably would, that left Gene. Retired Gene. Genius to the chicken industry Gene. Gene, whose first and strongest reaction to a dirty-diapered, squalling croupy, fussy, feverish baby would be to call out the mother or grandmother’s name as he ran for the door with his car keys jerking nervously in one hand and his overnight bag in the other. Despite knowing what was going to happen, Maryellen still could not visualize it.
Amen.
Maryellen’s amen, when it came, was not so much to thank God for his bounty but rather to express gratitude that Tisha finally had come to the end of her grace giving.
As Thanksgiving dinner progressed, Maryellen watched Khloe and found herself sliding back and forth between amusement and anger. The baby was shot. Beyond tired. Beyond hunger. The trip from Philly and the destruction of her eating schedules had dictated those results. When Tisha had wakened Khloe from a deep sleep at 7:30 in the morning, avowedly to keep her on her schedule, Maryellen had guessed that part of Tisha’s motivation had been something akin to pulling presents from under the tree and opening them before Christmas morning. Tisha couldn’t wait to show off all of Khloe’s new tricks to the grandparents. The need to keep to the schedule, however, had been put aside when it came time for lunch. Maryellen guessed that Tisha didn’t want Khloe to spoil her appetite for the traditional feast.
Now, hours later, Khloe was partaking of the meal, but Maryellen was sure not in any way that Tisha had contemplated. Mashed potatoes were being extruded from between the baby’s knuckles. Most of the peas were on the floor looking like a strand of jade beads that had let go. The dressing had been pounded into an even finer texture beneath the bottom of a sip cup. The apparently disgusting turkey had been torn to shreds before being flicked and flung beyond the low ramparts of the high chair’s tray. From Maryellen’s perspective, Tisha was as much out of control as Khloe. Tisha’s hushing, directing, barking, shushing, wrist holding, spoon loading, face wiping efforts, mostly futile, reminded Maryellen of a dog obedience lesson going south. Watching it in the moment was partially amusing, but thinking that every breakfast and dinner for months and years might be a re-enactment of today’s drama infused Maryellen with a stomach-wrenching, soul-chilling anger.
Asked a thousand times, but still unanswered the question remained: How could Tisha come home? Why would she think that it was her right to do so?
When Maryellen flicked at the tips of her hair, it wasn’t her hair that was bothering her. It was her anger and the incessant judging that was so physical that she just had to do something. She stiflrd a sigh. She needed to re-group.
She had a good life. If she slowed down and thought it through, she had a very good life. With or without the presence of Tisha and Khloe, with or without Gene, she had a good life. Good health, good partner, good business. As Maryellen ran through her blessings, one thought caught her short. She shifted her focus from her daughter and granddaughter to her husband. She could imagine him twenty years back sitting at the table during a Sunday dinner, listening to the girls squabble while ticking off all of the things Maryellen wanted him to accomplish before getting back on a plane and thinking, “ I have a good life—good boss, good income, good clients.”
That thought caused Maryellen to suck in her breath so sharply that Gene looked up from his plate. She shook her head, raised a fist to her mouth, and manufactured a dry cough.
Eating even more food within hours after having eaten a gargantuan meal and having no interest in football caused Maryellen to go upstairs to their bedroom just after nine o’clock. After washing up and applying moisturizer, brushing her teeth, and changing into her nightgown, she read for a few minutes as a distraction before resting the book on her chest and turning her attention to wondering what people did on Thanksgiving Day before the invention of television. How did football become enmeshed with gratitude? What brilliant marketer had the insight that watching fat people chase a ball was the perfect anodyne to ingesting massive amounts of the heaviest foods—mashed potatoes and gravy, and candied sweet potatoes and stuffing and rolls and pie and more pie. Maryellen tried to think back fifty years to the annual gatherings of almost twenty people at her grandmother’s house. She was pretty sure that even then the men and boys disappeared into a small den with a small T.V. while the women went to work in a large country kitchen made to look small and inadequate by the clutter of plates, platters and pans that needed washing. Maryellen wondered if she could look back one hundred years to the Thanksgivings of her grandmother’s youth would she see luxuriously bearded men with boys in knickers looking over their shoulders shaking newspapers and garrumphing about Teddy Roosevelt or Standard Oil, while the women boiled gallons of water on a coal stove to cut through the acreage of congealed grease?
The distractions Maryellen was conjuring weren’t effective. The thoughts that she had been trying to keep at bay came flooding back in. She, against her will, against her desires and plans, against all that was fair in life, was being pushed back toward the prison she thought she had escaped: the prison of parenthood.

Gene maintained an aura of confidence and capability until Tisha left for her first day of work. In the half hour after Khloe’s mother drove off but before her grandmother did the same, Gene fought the urge to continue his on-going argument of the last ten days with Maryellen about just how unfair the whole thing was. He had not worked hard for forty years so that he could be left alone with a baby. It was Tisha’s and Andy’s responsibility to provide care for their child. Not his. Why was it children thought that a parents’ duties never ended? He had paid for Tisha’s college. All of it. She didn’t have a penny in debt when she graduated from OSU. He paid for her wedding—the dress, the church, the reception, the shrimp cocktail and the quinoa pilaf, and half the costs of a two week honeymoon in Bermuda—a place he and Maryellen had never been privileged enough to go. He wasn’t sure, but when he himself had refused, he guessed that Maryellen might have given Tisha the down payment for her Prius. None of that was enough? Now, she wanted, expected free day care? She got to go off to wander around a lumber yard office for ten or twelve dollars an hour while he was supposed to give up his life? The little that was left of his life? It wasn’t fair.
Gene had his familiar thoughts about what was equitable, but he couldn’t bring himself to say the words. In the moments before the start of his first day home with Khloe, he did not tell Maryellen what he was thinking was because he was worried that she might see through those words, their ever so reasonable patina, to what lay just underneath. And what lay underneath Gene’s righteousness was more, much more, than a modicum of fear.

It had been less than three hours since Maryellen had left for work, but Gene already was in a panic. In his thirty years of traveling the country for Poultristics, he almost without exception had been highly regarded. Occasionally there had been an owner or manager who had gotten upset at what Gene had to tell him. Once in a while there had been swearing or glaring in an airport queue or car rental counter when Gene had out-maneuvered a fellow traveler. But nothing like this. No one had shrieked at him like this in decades. Gene couldn’t even fathom anyone having the intensity of emotion that was causing Khloe’s deep red face to epileptically snap back and forth on her neck as her twisted mouth made sounds like someone having back surgery without an anesthetic.
She had been asleep, fist to mouth, knees tucked under her belly, butt high in the air in a way that reminded Gene of a VW Bug. Then, for no discernible reason she had wakened and gone berserk.
From the minutely detailed instructions that Tisha had left for him, Gene knew that Khloe got a bottle when she woke from her nap. She now was awake. Definitely awake. And if anyone within a mile radius happened to have been asleep, they, too, now must be awake. What Gene could not accept was the possibility that this hysterical caterwauling might be a normal, acceptable way of asking for a bottle of milk. An absolute violence was consuming the curiously tearless baby. She lay flat on her back shrieking while her legs and arms flailed. Gene wondered if somehow, someway, something sharp had gotten into the crib and, if he were to turn her over, whether he might find a pin or needle, nail file or scissors, paring knife or Phillips screwdriver stuck in her back.
Tentatively, Gene leaned over into the crib as if he were going to pick up his granddaughter. His hope was that his gesture might calm her. If Khloe had shown the least indication that his holding her might be a comfort, Gene would have soldiered on and picked her up. However, when his peace offering was soundly, screechingly rejected, Gene had the distinct impression that if he were to carry pick Khloe up that the outcome for him would be the same as if he were trying to cuddle a rabid cat. In horror, Gene retreated from the nursery.
In the kitchen with Khloe’s screams one floor removed, Gene tried calm himself enough to remember Tisha’s instructions about micro-waving bottles. You weren’t supposed to do it. It was absolutely forbidden by some all-knowing Wisdom. But, like the removal of tags on mattresses, if done carefully and secretly in the privacy of one’s home and never, ever, spoken about, it could be done. Gene seemed to remember being told that the secret was to vigorously shake the bottle after it came out of the microwave to eliminate any hot spots, to carefully and rigorously test the temperature of the milk by shaking several drops upon the wrist, and to be absolutely and completely sure that the nipple had been neither sealed shut nor melted open.
With the rabid cat image still pre-dominant in his mind, Gene left Khloe in her crib when he presented her with the bottle. For the first minute or so, the infant alternated between a greedy, sloppy sucking and thrusting the nipple away so that she continue with her howling. When the shrieks finally subsided to mewls, Gene, with a street brawler’s finesse, got Khloe put of the crib and into his arms. Paying utmost attention to supporting the little girl’s head and neck as he had been instructed, Gene failed to notice just how much the nipple was shifting around in Khloe’s mouth as he carefully made his way down the stairs toward his easy chair. When, on his first attempt to burp her, Khloe eructed a majority of the milk along with all of the air that she had swallowed, Gene ripped his granddaughter from his shoulder with the same frightened alacrity as if a full set of cat claws had dug into his skin.

The first time Gene got Khloe’s poop on his hands his immediate urge was to run to the bathroom to thoroughly scrub his hands with lots of soap and lots of water. Despite the obvious danger of leaving a half-naked infant on the changing table wriggling around in a paradisiacal combination of unbound bottom, fresh air on almost always covered flesh, and the warm slipperiness of her own making, Gene still almost bolted away. He had half-turned, intent on cleaning his own befouled hand, before some more responsible gatekeeper reminded him of his first duty. Using a forearm to keep his first and only granddaughter safe, Gene reached for the wipes. Only after his own hands were clean did he return to the task at hand.
Within three weeks after changing his first diaper, Gene had gotten to the point where he paid very little notice as to whether he got poop on his hands on not. Instead, he focused his attention on getting Khloe’s bottom clean and dry and her diaper as closely fitting as possible. That about-face was not an outcome from Gene’s growing devotion to his new responsibility. Instead, his conscientious attitude and improved skills were a result of a serious rash that had spread like wildfire across Khloe’s bottom in her second week in Gene’s care as well as a disastrous fecal leak onto Gene’s favorite khakis and favorite chair after a careless diaper fitting.

It took less than a day for the joys of Christmas to be dispersed. Although she had arrived almost twelve hours after Adele, her older sister, Lora broke first. When Maryellen went down to the basement to look for the Christmas tree cake mold, Lora had followed her down and in a dog whistle like whisper that, though hard to hear was piercing, asked her mother why Tisha acted as if she was the only mother on the planet who knew how to properly care for an infant.
“What does she think I have been doing every day for the last five years? Taking care is what I do. Teaching people, staff and parents, to take good care of kids. Jesus, Mom, it’s my job and she acts like I think Khloe is a package and I’m the harried Fed-Ex guy. Does she do that with you, too?”
Although she, too, had received more than a little instruction into what was the right thing to do for her only granddaughter, Maryellen decided that celebrating the holiday with the whole Almsson family called for some diplomacy. With a twitch of a smile at the edge of her mouth, Maryellen turned toward Lora and whispered, “More with your father.”
Lora’s laugh went beyond a whisper, “That I can understand. His idea of taking care of Khloe would be to plop her in a nest and drop a hen on top of her.”
“She’s loosened up a bit with him.”
“Which seems pretty crazy to me. She hawk-watches me when I do anything with her, and then leaves Dad with her all day.”
Some of Maryellen’s diplomatic reserve melted away, “Your father is free day care. You, unfortunately, have a degree in early child development which means you might, could or would judge her, but, you’re also the baby sister.”
“You didn’t happen to knit me a hat that has no labels on it other than ‘Loving Aunt.’”
“Let me get my needles.”
Thanks. I can use that because, while I have some reservations about the mother, that is one cute kid.”
“Sometimes.”
“Understood.”

On Christmas Eve Day there had been a couple of spats, a couple of squabbles, but nothing very different from what the girls had done for thirty years. Christmas Day was a different story.
The present opening had not been a disaster. Lots for Khloe, of course. Small innocuous things, TSA-safe and easily transportable on return plane ride things, for Adele and Lora. A new pair of wool pants for Tisha as she continued to shed her post-partum, unhappy marriage weight. With an eye to their changed financial circumstances, mostly gestural presents were exchanged between Gene and Maryellen herself. It was during food preparation that civility began to break down. Conservatives and liberals battled over which traditional foods should remain inviolate and which could be tweaked. Was it a step up, or a travesty, to add roasted garlic or caramelized onions to the mashed potatoes? Could, or should, New England maple syrup be added to the candied yams? Who actually was in charge? Had Maryellen abdicated, and, if so, was it Gene or Tisha who had ascended to the throne?
The five hour kitchen scrum resulted in a meal where the timing was so badly off that the only things that came to the table hot were the tempers. The descent into anarchy began when, in a playful tone, an auntie tone that was an octave higher than she would have used if she were telling a crew of lumberjacks which trees to cull, Adele asked Khloe if she liked the potatoes she was pounding with a spoon. Tisha immediately took umbrage.
“Don’t use baby talk. We talk to her normally.”
“’Do you like your potatoes?’ is baby talk?”
“It was how you said it. High, squeaky.”
“Jesus. I guess that means no Minnie Mouse or Bernadette Peters in Khloe’s life.”
Lowering her voice as much as she could, Lora made a thump, thumping sound.
Tisha shifted her focus from Adele to her younger sister.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Thump, da-thump, thump, da-thump, thump. The tale-tell sound of a helicopter parent.”
In less than a minute, Khloe had been whisked from her highchair and she and her mother were gone from the table.
Over the next two days there were only scattered minutes when all five Almsson family members were in the same room at the same time. Adele and Lora were ferried back to Toledo’s airport with no fanfare. Both of the younger girls managed to forget to take along the presents they had received from Tisha and Khloe.

When Gene sat in his over-stuffed leather chair in the family room, his stomach pooched out into a shelf where Khloe would sit while he read her stories. With her spine against his chest and one of his arms in front of her holding the book, Gene would try to kill the last twenty minutes before the rules from on-high permitted him to put his granddaughter down for her afternoon nap. On this bleak January day, the twenty minutes was feeling like two hours as Khloe had chosen to express her enthusiasm for each new page of the Eric Carle book Gene was reading by kicking her heels against his stomach. Twice Gene had tried to prevent the kicks by wrapping a hand around Khloe’s ankles, but that restraint caused her to bellow in protest. The unhappy reader considered stopping in the middle of the story, but guessed that that would only lead to even louder protests.
“Hey, just look at the pictures!”
Gene looked up at the snow flailing against the windows and regretted that he hadn’t taken Khloe outside to burn off some energy. He considered how short the winter days had seemed when he was on the road. Pitch black mornings driving to the Toledo airport and that same black blanket being tossed over the world again before he even had a chance to get back to his room in a Little Rock or Dover motel. Now, in contrast, a winter day, a cold snowy winter day, with a fifteen month old seemed interminable. On days like this particular day, and there had been three other ones just like it over the last week, Gene had allowed himself to be overwhelmed by the amount of gear he had been instructed was necessary before Khloe could go out into such harsh unforgiving elements.
Jesus.
Gene had timed it. On average it took twelve minutes to collect, sort and install the mandated equipment, which consisted of fleece sweater, elastic cuffed pants, snow suit, boots, mittens, neck gaiter and ear-flapped hat. As he added the required layers to the little girl’s body, invariably, she would get fussy both from having her arms and legs crammed into down-filled tunnels and from the spike in her body temperature all the additional clothing and writhing generated. Oftentimes, Khloe was wailing in frustration before they even got out the door. Gene had timed getting his own coat, hat, boots and gloves on at just shy of two minutes.
Fourteen minutes to get out the damned door. Jesus.
After their winter wonderland adventures were over it took an average of nine minutes to strip all of the clothes off the two of them, plus three minutes to wipe up the pools of melted snow and hang their damp clothes in the mudroom.
Jesus.
An average total time of twenty-six minutes of set-up and clean-up time compared to an average time spent outdoors that Gene had clocked at nineteen minutes. One point three seven minutes of pre-production time for each minute of production. With that kind of inefficient ratio, Gene soon had decided that it did not make sense to take Khloe out on snowy days.
At the end of each year that he had worked for Poultristics, Gene had computed a contact ratio that compared the total amount of time that he was on the road to his actual contact hours with clients. His best ratios had been in the low sixes. To Gene it made perfect sense to spend six hours sitting in airports, rental cars, restaurants, and motels to get to spend an hour with a client. However, it did not make any sense to him to spend almost 90 seconds getting Khloe ready so that she could spend a minute stumbling and falling about in two inches of snow—except on a day like today, when she was trying to re-arrange his internal organs.
Big Bear, Big Bear, what do you see?
I see a little kid kicking the crap out of me.

Maryellen considered how January was the bleakest month of the year for a yarn store. Newbie knitters who had gotten yarn and patterns for Christmas presents were working off their inventory. Despite the weather and dearth of things to do in January in northwest Ohio, even many dedicated knitters took a breather after finishing their Christmas projects. January revenues were always bleak, but in this January of 2008, business was even bleaker. As Maryellen looked around the store, she got a queasy feeling in her stomach at just how much inventory remained and of the surplus that remained, just how much of it was from the most expensive lines. Looking at their cubbies, Maryellen shook her head as she estimated that less than twenty percent of the Berocco she loved and had had such high hopes for had been sold. When the partners closed the books on 2007 and learned that, despite doubling the size of the store, last quarter sales were thirteen percent lower than the same period in 2006, JN hadn’t said anything directly accusatory. However, JN’s sighs, her thousand yard stares, and her frequent solo games of toss and catch with the plentiful balls of expensive yarn were more than adequate to communicate to Maryellen that JN had been right—Maryellen’s enthusiasm had been misplaced, her projections delusional, and that the next months at The Skeins’ Game were not going to be easy ones.
To keep her partner from being the one to have to suggest it, Maryellen offered to talk to Gene about adjusting their rent. Rather than asking him to lower the monthly rent, Maryellen thought that it would be wiser to ask their landlord to defer a portion of the first quarter’s rent to later in the year when business picked back up. However, despite her resolve, Maryellen dragged her feet for three days before she could bring herself to have that conversation.

A violent north wind bludgeoned a cement gray Ohio winter day.
Gene fidgeted in his chair as he considered how his wife was trying to manipulate him by not manipulating him. Rather than offering to cook a meal or suggesting they go to King Arthur’s Hearth for a nice steak, she had stood alongside him as he chopped apples, celery and walnuts for a Waldorf salad and asked him to change the terms of the lease. Gene had learned early on in his career at Poultristics that honesty, forthrightness, and being direct were some of, if not the very best, manipulators a sales person could have . Those techniques disarmed clients. They tended to make the other party feel small if they tried to counter. An honest approach said, “Here are my cards. Here’s my jugular. I am not your enemy or opponent. We both are on the same side. Let’s do business.”
Gene Almsson had used honesty far too often to further his goals not to be offended when the same technique was being used on him by his wife and tenant. It was only five months into the relationship and already his tenants were asking for an adjustment to the terms. When Gene asked himself whether they would have made the same request if they had another landlord, the answer was no, absolutely, emphatically no. The more Gene thought about Maryellen’s request, the more he thought that she and JN were behaving like children who borrow money from their parents for a car, but who have no real intention of ever paying the loan back. Gene could imagine, well, maybe not Maryellen, but certainly Jeannine thinking about how, if Gene bought the unit, it was a heads I win, tails you lose proposition. If they had a great fall season, then, that would be fine for them, but if times got tough, well then, that was just too bad for old Gene Almsson.
Gene picked up the Burpee seed catalog he had let drop in his lap. It had been a year ago this week that he had been in Atlanta. Giving presentations. Expressing opinions. Being interviewed. And now he was looking at varietals of kohlrabi, a vegetable or root or whatever the hell it was, a something which he was damn sure he had never knowingly eaten but now was considering growing in his damn garden just to keep the thunderheads of depression at bay while wondering how to respond to his wife and her weasel partner who were trying to screw him out of a third of the rent.
When Gene pitched the catalog across the room, its pages flopped and fluttered like the colorful wings of a rain forest bird. He closed his eyes and in his mind walked the concourse of Hartsfield-Jackson Airport. His right hand reached up to press down on his left shoulder like the weight of a laptop. He twitched his hand and juked his shoulders as he threaded his way through a herd of slower, less experienced travelers. He looked ahead to where the bright lights above him were eclipsed by the wall of intense Georgia sunlight blocking the airport doors.
After his sojourn in Atlanta ended, Gene sat in his cold house befriended by the skitterings of depression, the faintest echo of noise from the baby monitor, and the corrosive acid of regret as he pondered.
Why would she, they, try to screw him? Had he become that ineffectual? With his clients he had made a practice of going beyond their expectations, but he had never been a patsy. He gave because he wanted to give, not because some client got a can opener in him and extracted it. Gene ticked off a dozen of his best clients to see if he could imagine any of them trying to take advantage of him like was happening to him now. He couldn’t. He had been straight-forward with his clients, and they had responded in kind. He had not been quite as straight-forward with Maryellen, but that was because she was his wife, not his client. Gene had always assumed, indeed, had used it as a justification for his own behavior, that she, too, sometimes shaped and sculpted the truth—just as one would expect a spouse to do. But, now, what she was doing was mixing up her landlord with her husband. They weren’t the same, and he wasn’t going to let them be treated the same.
Give up a third of what had been agreed upon? Of what was his due? He thought not. He was angry, but Gene knew from an enormous amount of experience that anger rarely worked well in a negotiation. He needed to forego that luxury. To win, he needed to be reasonable. He would offer to break their lease. He would suggest that they could shrink the store back to what is had been. He knew that wouldn’t accept that. Gene knew that it wouldn’t be easy but he wasn’t losing this one. Whatever it took, they would have to find the money to pay the rent, the real rent, the rent that was written in the lease.
It was winter weather so it took a couple of days to have the sappers and scouts do their work, to develop plans from that information and write the orders, to get the troops to where they needed to be, to insure the supply lines, to find the courage to set the jumping off time, but, despite Gene’s mighty efforts and extensive experience, in the end, it was a rout. Gene was left for two days eating his meals alone except for Khloe, sleeping alone in his bed while Maryellen encamped in Adele’s old room, and being observed but ignored as he passed his enemy in the halls and rooms of the Almsson home. A rout. He’d lost face and lost the rent. A rout. Gene admitted as much, but what he wasn’t clear on was whether that defeat was in a skirmish, battle, campaign or war.
Over his many years of being on the road, Gene certainly had suffered defeats; however there were many times when to Gene, what happened was not a defeats, but only a setback. If he was maneuvering his rental to beat the red Audi to the third light and the red Audi got there first, Gene was known to change the finish line to the fifth, seventh or ninth light. Oftentimes, Gene won those longer courses straight out, but sometimes he was made the winner by default when the other driver made a right or left hand turn. Gene had had several grocery store triumphs by assuming an inability to count and barreling his mostly full cart over to the fast checkout lane. In the days after his loss, Gene tended his wounds and made his plans for future victory.

Khloe sucked in a breath, held it, held it longer, turned from Magnolia Pink to Martian Red to Final Purple, went rigid, opened her mouth and, finally, expelled a noise that immediately accelerated Gene Almsson’s heart rate by twenty beats. Despite the panic he was feeling, Gene made himself go through the check list.
Khloe wasn’t hot. She was dry. She was fed. She’d been burped. Nothing was twisted around her neck or sticking out of her flesh. There was no electricity nearby. No open cans of lye.
Khloe’s screams pitched up until it seemed to Gene that they were the vocal equivalent of shards of window glass exploding across a room. Through the fleecy polyester that swathed his granddaughter, Gene hurriedly felt the muscles of legs, arms and, especially, belly constrict ever tighter. Finally, a tiny fist, whose knuckles were as purple as the toddler’s face, threw a round house right and punched the fist’s owner, if not controller, in the cheekbone.
Khloe shook off her self-inflicted blow with a fierce shudder that reminded Gene of an enraged bull after being stabbed by a picador. The wails continued, as did the pummeling. Gene had an image of a miniature flagellant in religious ecstasy, body raw from the sting of the knotted leather thongs.
When her caregiver shifted his tenuous hold on her writhing body so that his free hand could keep her from hurting herself again, the little girl morphed into a wolverine and went fully ballistic.
Shrieking mouth. Flailing arms. Cataleptic torso.
Gene panicked.
He raced to his office, now nursery, and nearly threw Khloe in her crib. Abandonment only incensed the little girl. With her fists flailing like a punch-drunk boxer, Khloe shrieked, sucked great gouts of air, shrieked more, louder, and, finally, took a huge breath and held it.
Eyes bulged. Fists froze in mid-punch. Silence. Absolute silence. Absolute, welcome silence.
Ten seconds.
Twenty.
Thirty.
Forty.
Fifty.
Gene had back-pedaled from the crib as soon as he had rid himself from his charge, but, now, the horror of what was occurring was so mesmerizing that, like some highway accident trawler, he slowed his pace and gawked.
Sixty.
Gene’s hands gripped the four inches of door casing as if he were going to tear it free.
Sixty-two.
Sixty-three.
With a bellow almost as loud as Khloe’s best efforts, Gene slapped both sides of the door frame, bounded across the carpet and scooped his granddaughter from her crib with the desperation of a wide receiver hauling in a last second Super Bowl Hail Mary pass.
Squeezing Khloe tight, Gene jerked his granddaughter to within two inches of his face and bellowed, “Breathe!”
In Gene’s anger and terror, the B of “Breathe!” was explosive enough that a sharp column of air hit Khloe in the face, and, like millions and millions of infants whose tantrums had been ended in the same miraculous and mundane way, Khloe did exactly as her grandfather begged. She took a breath.
As did Gene.
Within two minutes Khloe was giggling as her confused, relieved, but feeling newly empowered caregiver tapped her nose with the tip of his still trembling index finger.
When Maryellen got home and asked how things had gone, Gene said, “Great. A milk run.”

It was the first week in February. Winter had been around for months and spring felt like it was years away. Gene was in his tenth week of caring for Khloe. He was using his new experiences to design a reality television show. Did AARP have its own channel yet? He’d be the last to know. He hated TV. In the thousands of nights, even the loneliest, that he had spent by himself in rural motel rooms and Holiday Inns, he rarely had turned on the television. Occasionally for the weather during storms. And during the calamity of September 11. Why would he turn on a television? He had changed jobs to get away from harassment and interruptions. As far as Gene could tell, the biggest difference between a kid and a television’s ability to annoy was that with a TV it was easier to adjust the noise—or it had been until remotes showed up with more buttons that a NASA launch center.
But, now he was thinking about creating a television show. He thought it might be called “Grandpa Rodeo.” Contestants would be grandfather-grandchild pairs. Each segment would pit four pairs against one another…or, maybe, against a clock. Diapering. It would be like steer wrestling. Similarly dressed same-aged babies would be plunked down on changing tables, unsnapped, stripped, cleaned, powdered and re-diapered. First one done won. Won what? Money? No… better… a getaway from the kid. Maybe to an adults only kind of resort. Hell, maybe, just a week in a Little Rock motel.
Gene’s hand, which had been holding down a squirming Khloe, lifted in the air to hold a thought. Wait. Maybe no cleaning. Cleaning was a way to cheat or force a judge into being a referee. How clean was clean? Just a wipe across a butt, or actually doing something about crap stuck in the folds of thigh fat.
No. Definitely no cleaning.
Maybe a water test. A judge would pour a couple of ounces of water, say two ounces, down the front of the diaper to see if it would leak. A leak would automatically disqualify.
What else?
Onesies. How fast could a contestant get a dirty onesie off and a new one on with all the snaps snapped correctly? If a baby suffered a dislocated shoulder or elbow, or if an ear were sheared off, the contestant would be disqualified.
Bottle chugging. Six ounces. First one done wins. Slap leather, hombre.
Gene used an elbow on Khloe, whose snorgle was winding up to a wail, so that he could use his left hand to keep the diaper positioned and pull the sticky tab with his right.
No. The chugging would have to have some kind of puking rule. No puking and no spit up. What would be fair? Three minutes? Five minutes? They could go to a commercial while everyone waited to see if the contestants were going to explode. Build drama.
Oatmeal eating.
Gene laughed.
Make it free-style.
Gene remembered back to the fourth morning of his new job when he had tried using a turkey baster to feed Khloe some rice cereal he had thinned out with milk. He thought it had gone pretty well, but, despite his success, he had been careful to wash the baster and put it back in the drawer before Maryellen or Tisha came home. He had a memory of Maryellen using a pastry bag to decorate a cake, but, so far, he hadn’t been able to find out where she kept it.
There.
Gene studied his efforts. The waistband was snug, but not tight. The fit around the flailing legs was good. All of the pleating was turned in.
“Good job, Grandpa. A winner.”
Khloe, eyes tear shiny with anger and frustration, looked at her grinning Grandpa balefully.
Gene picked his granddaughter up, held her tight against his face and inhaled deeply.
As Gene wandered into the living room wondering what he could do to get the next two hours to pass before Maryellen got home, he blurted, “Juice boxes.”
What would be a world class Grandpa’s time to get the outer wrap off an eight pack, defeat the glue holding the straw to the side of the carton, strip off its wrapper and successfully plunge the suspiciously bendy straw into the foil-covered micro dot opening?
No tools could be used and all contestants’ fingernails would be equally trimmed.
Some grandpas were in their thirties. Should there be a minimum age for participants in the rodeo?

If he didn’t know better and was meeting her for the first time, Gene was sure that he would have thought that Khloe was blind. She had wakened from her nap crying. A change of diaper had led to more strident wailing rather than relief. Instead of being sipped, a juice box had been hurled half-way across the kitchen like a Molotov cocktail. Animal crackers had been swept from the high chair tray like the Romanovs from power. Feeling himself moving down a parallel path of domestic terrorism, Gene had paroled Khloe from the chair. Sobbing miserably, the little girl had staggered across the kitchen, bumped against the door frame, then, ululated “Ba ba ba ba ba” as she crossed the living room rug, grabbed her Mimi doll by its garish gold tresses and randomly walked around the living room banging into and bouncing off sofa, coffee table, recliner and door frame. Finally, as a climax, Khloe spun around several times, stepped on one of Mimi’s dragging feet, lost her balance, collapsed on top of the doll and sobbed inconsolably.
Both from frustration over the noisy drama and a growing fear of his granddaughter’s well-being, a panicky Gene called Maryellen.
After listening to Gene’s recitation, Maryellen paused for several moments before quietly asking, “Did you feel her? Is she hot?”
Gene’s answer was more shrug than sound.
“Gene? Feel her forehead. See if it’s hot.”
“Hang on.”
When Gene went to roll Khloe over onto her back she started kicking and flailing while wailing, “No. No. No. No. No!” Using his left hand to pinion her chest, Gene felt the girl’s forehead with his right.
“It does feel hot, but wouldn’t that be because she’s throwing a tantrum?”
“Gene, don’t you think it might be more likely that a fever could be causing the tantrum rather than her tantrum causing a fever?”
“So what do I do?”
“Her thermometer is probably in the medicine chest in Tisha’s bathroom. Shake it down, stick it under her armpit, leave it there for a minute, see what you get and then add two degrees. If it’s over 100, you’ll need to cool her down. Tisha should have some baby Tylenol in there. Baby Tylenol, not adult. Be sure. Give her the exact recommended dose. No more. Then, run a lukewarm bath. Put her in that for fifteen minutes. Dry her off, dress her lightly, and then see if you can put her down, maybe not in her crib, with a cool damp washcloth on her forehead.”
While Maryellen had been giving her instructions, Gene had been shaking his head as he watched Khloe writhe on the carpet.
“How do I do all this when she’s nuts. Can you hear her?”
In a cold, articulated voice, Maryellen said, “How do you do it, Gene? To the best of your damn ability. Just like I did for twenty-five years. Or, if that it too much for you, then, call her mother.”
Khloe was quiet at dinner time. And cooler. Her fever had dropped from 102 to just below 100. Maryellen and Tisha both were even quieter and cooler than the little girl. Gene sat staring at his plate where his fork was chasing around an errant ort of baked cod. He hadn’t eaten much but he felt full from the food and a cattleman’s serving of bitter irony. His wife wasn’t speaking to him because he had called her at work. His daughter wasn’t speaking to him because he hadn’t called her at work. His granddaughter wasn’t speaking to him because she was engaged in developing her fine motor skills by picking up peas and smooshing them between two fingers.
Gene was hoping that after dinner Maryellen would follow Tisha and Khloe into the family room while leaving him to do the dishes by himself. But, in what Gene interpreted as a show of doing one’s duty despite all, Maryellen peeled off her sweater and threw on the sweatshirt that hung in the mudroom that she used like an apron to protect her clothes.
Maryellen washed and Gene dried in silence until the plates, glasses and flatware were done. As she started to scrub the pan the fish had been baked in, she said, “I’m sorry, I was so short.”
Gene wished that this was an apology, but he guessed that it was an opening gambit and that his best response should be a minimal one.
“Mmmmh.”
“I was with a customer.”
Despite his best effort, Gene could hear his sarcastic edge as he said, “Customer comes first.”
Maryellen let the pan slip back into the soapy water before she turned from the sink toward Gene.
“That was always the refrain over the years, Gene. Whether it was an earache, headache, or heartache, or an A or a D on a big test, sitting on the bench or making a goal, good times or god-awful, it was always customer first and family second. ‘Sorry, Maryellen, gotta run. I’ll be home on the weekend.”
Gene tried to remember how long it had been since he had heard this familiar complaint. Despite a year’s worth of retirement, he hadn’t forgotten his old lines—that the best way to keep the family first was to keep the customer first, but instead of reciting it, Gene folded the dish towel and hung it on the oven door handle.
In the backyard, Gene studied the shoots of daffodils which were mounding up and emerging from the warming soil. Somehow, they reminded him of emery boards, pale green emery boards. The weekend after Halloween he had spent most of a day putting the garden to rest by pulling out the tomato stakes and pulling up the leggy, woody plants they had supported. He had cut back the lavender, thyme and sage. He had unwound the cucumber vines and tossed their bloated yellowing fruit, resembling miniature dirigibles, into the compost pile. Now, even though it wasn’t yet St. Patrick’s Day, Easter was just a week away and the garden’s life was renewing…and his was not. His life remained wintry. Cold and colorless. Gene squatted down and flicked away the tiny clods of dirt that leaned against the daffodil shoots. He thought of all the offices he had been in over the years, those of CEOs and CFOs, VPs of marketing and plant managers, and how almost everyone had a display of one or more family members—wife, daughter, son, grandkids—someone on their desk or wall. Those people had been busy executives with lots of responsibilities, yet despite the demands on their time, they had brought reminders of their families with them to work. Gene himself had kept a serial portrait of Maryellen and the girls in his wallet, even though it was more to have something to show than to be reminded of his family. Work was Monday through Friday. Family was the weekend task.
It would throw Gene off his pace if, while he was sitting cross-legged on a motel bed outside Macon, Georgia or Coquitlam, British Columbia with the pieces of his next presentation spread around him, the phone would ring and, instead of it being a client moving the time or place of a meeting, it was home. He would answer and hear that the home insurance premium was due and he hadn’t gotten around to looking at it over the weekend. Did he want to make any changes? The dishwasher wouldn’t drain. Maryellen had used a turkey baster to empty the tub. It didn’t seem like there was anything caught in the trap. Could he think of anything else she could do before calling Whalens to come repair it? Lora had a basketball game at four on Friday. Coach Tessick was giving her her first start. Was there any way that he could catch an earlier flight?
Whether he had an answer or not, whether the call lasted two minutes or twenty, when it was over, invariably, he would look around at his charts, tables, and notes and not know where he was. There were times when it had taken him most of an hour to reconstruct in what direction his thinking had been going at the moment of Maryellen’s interruption.
When Gene considered what effect his call that afternoon might have had on Maryellen he just could not accept that it could have had close to the impact her interruptions had had on him. How distracting could a call be if all you were doing was waiting for someone to choose between the red or purple ball of yarn? Gene duck-walked from the bed filled with spring bulbs to the raised bed set aside for herbs. In the gloam he tried to see if anything was going on yet with the thyme, oregano and sage. New yellow green chives were pushing through the cropped brown ends of last year’s growth. Despite the ache in the tendons along the side of his knees, Gene remained down in a squat. Unbidden and unwanted, the question came: How could he have been so competent at work—comfortable and knowledgeable discussing millions of chickens and millions of dollars with the millionaire owners and executives running the operations? How could he figure out the myriad details of the flight, car and hotel schedules’ necessary for him to do his work, yet be so overwhelmed taking care of, no…be truthful…providing partial care, for an eighteen month old, plus doing some laundry, shopping and cooking five dinners a week?
He had been thrown into a full panic that afternoon by Khloe’s shrieks and her smashing off the walls and furniture. There had been a moment before he thought to pick up the phone when he had been precariously balanced, wavering, between slapping her face, and running out the front door. What was wrong with him?
What was wrong?
He was in over his head. That was what was wrong. He was Peter principled. If Tisha and Khloe had stayed in Philly with Andy and just come up for long weekends or even a couple of weeks in the summer, he would have been fine. He was sure of it. Some cooing, some whistling segueing to reading Pat the Bunny and Good Night Moon, then, as time passed, on to throwing a ball or sharing a pizza. That would have been fine. But to have unending hours and unending days of, essentially, winging it and winging it when the consequences of a mistake seemed to be so high was harder than anything he had ever done. Gene leaned on his arms as he switched from squat to kneeling alongside the landscape timbers restricting the herbs to their allocated space. But, even though it was so often overwhelming, he found it hard to accept that it could have been that difficult for Maryellen. He understood that she had had three girls to deal with not one. He accepted that she had had no relief from Monday morning through Friday night, while he was getting spelled after eight or nine hours. But, he just could not admit that it could have been as hard on Maryellen as it was on him. He didn’t want to base his judgment on Maryellen being a female. That seemed too lame. It was just that everyone had different skill sets. He knew chickens. She knew kids.
As Gene knelt in the soft dirt of the nascent spring, he considered whether to reveal to his wife just how overwhelmed he often felt, but he considered that if he were to do that, it would make Maryellen and Tisha even more nervous of the care Khloe was receiving. If he flat out said that he could not do it, not only would that be an admission of defeat, and he hated to lose, but also it would mean that he and Maryellen would be expected to pay for day care. And, as Tisha had told him over and over again, day care was expensive.
By the time Gene pushed himself back onto his feet, the sky was blue black except for the argent glow around a sliver of moon rising in the east. The kitchen was dark. A panoply of colors emanating from the television were muted as they pulsed through the curtains of the family room. From outside the house, everything looked benign.



CHAPTER SIX

SPRING 2008


“My God, Maryellen, what is she thinking? How can anyone who was an honors student in college be so stupid?
“Gene, please, don’t call her stupid.”
“Then what do you call someone who has a crappy going nowhere fast job, a husband four hundred miles away, someone who has been mooching off her parents for six months, when she brings home a six month old dog? And not just a dog, but a hyper-caffeinated black lab. A dog whose breeding insures that its brain will never, ever move as fast as its tail. Jesus. Dumb and dumber.”
“I call her well-intentioned. She thinks that Khloe will love the dog. If Khloe loves the dog, then, Tisha thinks that should make your day easier. And the dog will benefit from being in a better home.”
Gene re-plumped his pillow just to do something to relieve the surfeit of energy that was welling through his arms.
“Obviously, if she can see all of these first and second order effects that will result from adding a very stochastic variable to what already is a very complicated equation, then she must be smart…and I must be stupid. Wicked stupid as she would say because the way I see it, it’s probably going to be me buying the dog food, picking up the poop in the yard, yanking Khloe’s toys away from the dog and the dog’s toys away from Khloe. Tisha gets to be the hero for rescuing the dog from an environment that lacks—what were her exact words?—sufficient love and stimulation, and I get left holding the bag. And, Maryellen, in case you didn’t get that, yes, I do mean literally holding the bag. Obviously, I come from a different era or, more likely, solar system or something, because one of the dumbest things I’ve ever had to witness is a two-legged, upright walking, opposable thumb using, tool making mammal walking behind and picking up the excrement of a four-legged mammal whose most advanced cognitive skill is occasionally returning a Frisbee or a tennis ball slimed with spit.”
“Gene, I think it’s a law.”
“That doesn’t make it any less stupid.”
“It’s a health issue.”
“Maryellen, listen to yourself. Tell me how it can be a health issue.”
“Germs, disease.”
“What? Poops?”
“What do you mean?”
“Have you ever seen, or in your wildest dreams, could you ever expect to see a person scampering behind a squirrel, chipmunk, pigeon, wren, robin, rabbit, mouse, rat, crow, deer, moose or coyote with a Wonder Bread bag over a hand trying to catch their poop?”
Gene waited, but Maryellen picked up the magazine spread on top of the covers.
“You’re not answering because the answer is no. Why is a dog’s poop so special, so dangerous, so harmful, so toxic that human beings have to remove it a second after it enters the world? Is there strontium90 or anthrax only in dog poop and no other kind?”
Maryellen’s side of the bed stayed quiet except for the sound of glossy paper being turned.
Gene raised his voice, “Maryellen?”
Maryellen pushed herself out of bed, grabbed her robe from its hook on the back of the door and left.
Even after taking a half-dozen slow, deep breaths Gene still felt the need to smash his fists into the mattress.

The incorporation of the six month old black lab, whose name was Josephine, into the Almsson’s lives went just about as Gene had forecast. The relationship between Josephine and Khloe started out and stayed prickly. Khloe had no interest in sharing any of her stage, her klieg and spotlights, her Baba, her Mama, her Nana, or her toys or her time with Josephine. In fact, as far as Gene could tell, the only things that Khloe even considered sharing with the new family member were certain food groups. Those groups included all vegetables, unsugared grains and milk products that weren’t milk or ice cream, especially cottage cheese. Josephine, however, was even less generous. She guarded her food and water bowls, chew toys, and all of the socks and underwear that she had liberated. Although she obviously disdained Khloe, she was not so scornful that she wouldn’t slurp up a splat of pureed sweet potato or a moosh of peas flung to the floor.
Within a week Gene was so stupefied by the complication that had been added to his life that he had seriously contemplated either diapering Josephine at the same time that he changed Khloe or undiapering Khloe and walking behind both dog and child with a bread bag to catch whatever was fated to come his way.
In those first weeks after Josephine’s arrival, Gene would be leaning against the door to the living room when he would suddenly realize what he was watching—a toddler gnawing on a rawhide bone and a dog chewing on Tigger’s foot—and he would be horrified at where he was. It was almost impossible for him to understand how, in just a little more than a year, he could go from speaking his mind and saying things that were eminently rational in a hotel conference room in Atlanta to where he was. It was astounding. Admittedly there were moments when it was ruefully amusing that he had ended up right back in the situation from where he had first run thirty years before, but, mostly, Gene’s feelings swung from being overwhelmed at the scope of his duties, to self-righteous fury at the unfairness of his situation, to abject fear over his responsibilities.
When Gene was being jerked from one of these emotions to another, his behavior toward his charges tended to be abrupt. Yet, it rarely failed that within a few minutes after a quick separation of Khloe’s sticky fingers from a scurf of dog hair, toast crumbs and God knows what, or an unnecessarily emphatic nudge of Josephine’s head away from a wastebasket holding dirtied diapers, his acts were reciprocated with smiles for Baba and wet-tongued love for Master. It was after times like that that Gene wondered what would have happened and who he would have become if he had stayed home and never gone to work for Poultristics. He would ask himself if that alternative life had unfolded would raising Khloe and a dog make him feel even angrier and more put upon than he felt. Or, would he feel, like some grandparents supposedly felt, that he was being given an opportunity to do something well or, at least, better than it had been done the first time.

Gene first considered joining the Y as a way to shorten the hours he had to spend with Khloe. In those months after his retirement, but before Khloe’s arrival, Maryellen had suggested that he get more exercise. When Gene told her that vacuuming the house, mowing the lawn, and gardening were exercise, Maryellen had changed, “some” to “more.” Gene had joined the golf league, but after three Wednesday nights he had decided that playing golf for the sake of playing golf, rather than conducting business outdoors in brightly hued clothes, didn’t make a lot of sense. When Maryellen had suggested that he jog or, at least, walk, Gene had acquiesced, gone four times in a week, and then stopped.
Up until his retirement Gene had been in constant motion. It was a rare week that he hadn’t traveled thousands of miles. All of that movement had been purposeful. It all had a goal. It was all productive. Wandering around Runesburg pushing an umbrella stroller while restraining, or, occasionally and inexplicably, dragging a dog in the middle of a workday for no greater goal than to raise his heartbeat and lower his LDL cholesterol did not feel productive. Gene did not like the idea that people, productive people, would see him as someone who was of so little necessity to life that he could spend his days chugging along with his charges on the trails of Leeslip Park or tromping along the bike path.
In the year since he had been forced from Poultristics, Gene had gained fourteen pounds. As he added that weight, he didn’t lower himself to argue against the accuracy of the scale. However, occasionally he did stand naked in front of the full length mirror after a shower and work to convince himself that the extra pounds didn’t show. Over his years of working in the poultry industry, Gene had come to use a standard broiler as one of the metrics for measuring the world. When he heard that someone weighed three hundred pounds, he would imagine four cases of broilers hanging off a coat tree. Each time three pounds was added on to his weight, one part of Gene’s mind, miming Maryellen’s concerns, would suspend an imaginary fryer from his neck. Immediately a second voice would note that despite the hanging chicken, Gene looked just the same. Even when the critical voice hung five chickens, the other voice soothingly said that all was well.
Now, a year after he had last officially exercised and five months after Khloe’s arrival, Gene was seeing with new insights the importance of exercise to good health. It was the thought of escape that caused Gene to strap Khloe into the car seat and drive to the Y. He discussed programs and prices with a trim, white-haired acerbic but solicitous septuagenarian whose cheeks were ruddy either with good health or bad rosacea. He toured the aerobic, spinning, machine and free weight rooms. He looked through a scratched Plexi-glass window at a class of old, overweight women who he thought were having what was either a modestly successful water aerobics class or a very bad rehearsal for an Esther Williams musical. The last stop was at the child care center. Khloe, who up to that point had shown interest and enthusiasm for everything that they had been shown, began crying as soon as they crossed the threshold into a room overflowing with bins of books and toys being overseen by a beatifically smiling gnomish young woman who introduced herself as Carla. When Carla upped the amperage on her smile, cooed and reached out her arms to Khloe, the child recoiled in disgust before burying her face in the space between her grandfather’s neck and shoulder.
On the way home, Gene stopped at a Dick’s and, without a moment’s hesitation, bought a treadmill. Under Josephine’s watchful eye and with Khloe’s maddening help, Gene managed to set the treadmill up in the basement. The following day when Khloe went down for her nap, Gene went down to the basement, stepped on the machine and began to walk as he read the Wall Street Journal. The exercise didn’t feel good, but it did give him a sense of feeling responsible as well as a laugh when Josephine tried to join him on his walk. However, it was only a week later that, as soon as Khloe went down for her nap, Gene was back to reading the Journal as he sat in his chair. After three days of malingering, Gene was left exquisitely balanced between his distaste for mindless, goalless movement and the guilt of not exercising. That guilt was compounded by his decision to hide his dereliction from Maryellen.
It was not until he was in bed on the Sunday night eleven days after his purchase that Gene had his critical insight. He had been remembering how he used to feel on Sunday nights.. He would have spent the weekend being a good husband. He would have had two days of being a good father. He would have been a conscientious worker on The Ant Farm. In less than eight hours he would have been picking up his luggage, depositing a light kiss on the sleeping Maryellen’s forehead, standing in the murk of the doorways of the girls’ rooms before grabbing his briefcase and flying off into an exciting, rewarding world free of family distractions. That Sunday night Gene thought of the surge of energy he used to get as he crossed a concourse or bounded up an escalator.
The following afternoon, as soon as Khloe went down, Gene went to his bedroom, shucked off his long sleeved polo shirt and khakis and pulled on black over the calf socks, worked his way into a pair of gray worsted wool pants, buttoned up a starched white broadcloth shirt, knitted a silk navy and maroon regimental stripe tie, slipped on black tasseled loafers and a navy blazer. He pulled his brief case from the closet shelf, loaded it with two books and a half dozen magazines from the bed stand, hurried down to the basement, stepped on the treadmill, and set it for a five miles an hour pace for forty minutes. As the belt began to move, Gene closed his eyes and breathing hard, but smiling, crisscrossed the imagined concourses of O’Hare and BWI, Little Rock and Hartsfield-Jackson.

A man, who Gene thought had the strained boy look of many older gay men, was pushing a bright-faced boy in the toddler swing at Leeslip Park. The arc of the swing remained constant as Gene studied the man from a bench fifty feet away. In front of her grandfather’s feet, Khloe harvested grass with the determination of the starving. With the assistance of a wind shift, Gene realized that the man was singing and pushing the swing in time to “Proud Mary.” “Big wheels keep on turnin’.” Gene wondered how many times he had heard Creedence Clearwater sing that song as he ate a continental breakfast in an under-populated motel dining room or drove a two lane down into the Eastern Shore. Suddenly, Gene had the notion that “Proud Mary” might be a gay anthem. Pride seemed to be a big thing for gays—just like blacks. And Merry could be a synonym for gay.
After his squawking protests led to his release from the swing, the toddler bee-lined over to Khloe. Khloe, who was more familiar with humans much larger than she was, drew closer to Gene’s shoes. The boy started dancing a drunken sailor’s jig while pointing a finger at Khloe and shrieking, “Bay. Bee. Bay! Bee!”
Khloe slid herself between Gene’s ankles and protected her wealth by drawing her handfuls of grass between her chubby legs.
“Bay! Bee!”
The gay man sauntered up to the boy and bent a genuflective knee so he could bring his mouth closer to the boy’s ear.
“It’s a baby. A beautiful baby. Who isn’t deaf. At least, not yet.”
The man put his arm around the miniature vaudevillian to stop his newest dance, something between the Bristol Stomp and a blackface tap dancer.
“How do we watch birds?”
The boy grew still. He hunched his shoulders up to hide his head before putting a finger-tip to closed lips.
“Sssshhh.”
“Sssshhh is good because a lot of babies are like birds. Sit and watch and see if she’ll come to you.”
The toddler dropped to the ground and was still except for swirling his fingers through the thin park grass like a coy girl teasing both her hair and a boy. The gay man smiled a too white smile at Gene as he explained, “Sorry, he’s in Rotary. Or it may have been the Hubert Humphrey tapes he heard in utero.”
Up close Gene thought the man looked older. He half-rose from the bench and extended his hand, “Gene Almsson. Hard to resist a Rotarian.”
The man looked down at the boy. “Some days. Jay Hillip.”
Although Gene was prepared for a spongy clasp like Dave Spicer’s, he got a crushing grip with a callused hand. When Gene sat back on the bench, Jay stepped forward and asked, “You mind?”
Gene shook his head and slid sideways a few inches. To reassure Jay that he didn’t suspect that he was gay, Gene asked, “Grandson?”
The noise Jay made fell between a yelp and a groan.
“If only. World’s oldest toddler father.”
Given that Jay’s answer was totally unexpected, Gene thought that his recovery was pretty smooth.
“How old?”
“Little Dog? Or, Big Dog?”
When Gene hesitated, Jay offered, “Little’s pushing thirty months and Big’s hurtling toward sixty. Fifty-seven and some.”
“Do you have other children?”
Jay cackled, “Do you mean do I have two successful thirty-something kids, a bitter ex and a size four with eyes bigger than her brain and a way about her that makes me feel young? No. I was just slow out of the chute. I mistook fame, fortune, fireworks and furniture for the good life.”
While Gene’s mouth was mouthing gee-whiz platitudes, his brain was running all of the mathematics involved with someone just six years younger than himself having a child only a year older than Khloe.
”What’s your son’s name?”
“Mostly Little Dog, but, sometimes, Norris.”
Jay paused, “A family name. And Norrie didn’t seem an appropriate nickname in the Age of Sushi.”
Jay paused a second time and with the slightest edge of sarcasm asked, “And your daughter’s name is….?”
“Khloe with a K. Her mother was never a good speller. Granddaughter.”
“Granddaughter? How lucky for you. How do you….?”
Gene didn’t get to hear the end of Jay’s question because at that moment Norris spotted a chipmunk-cheeked squirrel and was off after him like a Jack Russell terrier after a barnyard rat. As Gene watched Jay pursue his son, he noticed that Jay ran with a limp. Seeing the fifty-seven year old first time father chasing his toddler son across the dusty green of Leeslip Park did Gene a world of good. He felt light, unburdened and freer than he had in months.
With the Baybee yeller gone, Khloe ventured forth from between Gene’s knees, but before she had a chance to return to her harvesting activities, her grandfather extended his index finger.
“Let’s go-fly in the sky.”
Khloe grabbed his finger and nodded an assent, but, they had only gone a few steps before she turned her head back to look wistfully at her meager pile of grass.
Too small an arc elicited mewls of disappointment. Too large an arc caused fear-laden shrieks. When Gene finally managed to get the stroke of the swing just right, Khloe’s mouth opened wide as he pushed her away and her eyes enlarged as she rushed back to him. Gene’s smile over his granddaughter’s evident joy faded when he discovered that “Proud Mary” worked perfectly for keeping his stroke right where Khloe wanted it.

Even as he did it, Gene knew that he was going to regret it. He had always been competitive. Too competitive Maryellen had often said after losing a round of hearts or coming up short in Scrabble. The girls, early on, by their tears or by a sweep of those pieces remaining on the board, had conveyed the same judgment more dramatically. It was true. He was competitive…and he didn’t know a successful salesman who wasn’t.
Many of Gene’s lifetime-long small pleasures had been winning contests where the other participants weren’t even aware they were competing. In heavy city traffic, Gene would pick out a car a half-block ahead and make a wager that he would be three cars ahead by the fourth light. Caught in a traffic jam on a multi-lane highway, like 75 coming into Atlanta from the airport, he would surreptitiously challenge the driver next to him as to who would be the first to break free of the jam. A more recent game, a derivation on the traffic jam game, was to pick a lane at the grocery, eyeball those in the adjoining lanes, and pick out one or two shoppers to duel as to who would be through the check-out first. In many of the contests when he had been on the road, ice cream for himself was the prize.
Now, because of those competitive urges, Gene Almsson was trapped on the floor of the Smilton Children’s Room at the Runesburg Library. It was three weeks since he first had first met Jay Hillip and Norris at Leeslip Park. When the adults had chanced to run into one another at CVS a couple of days later, Jay had asked Gene if he wanted to have Khloe and Norris meet for a play date. Once Gene understood what that entailed, he had agreed. They already had met twice at the park. Today was to have been their third park day until the rains came. Forced to abandon the outdoors, Jay suggested they go to the library. Once there, Jay plumped the motley collection of pillows, commandeered the stern of the Story Dory, and started to work his way through a pile of books the kids haphazardly had chosen.
As Jay read, Gene took his time to select books he was sure the two would like, but he had been proven wrong. When it was his turn to read, which he was forced to do sitting cross-legged on the floor when Jay made no move to give up his helm, the kids soon squirmed out of his lap and drifted away. Gene tried to convince himself that it was like TicTacToe. Whoever went second was at a nearly insurmountable disadvantage. That theory was proven wrong when Khloe and Norris returned with their harvest, thrust them at Jay and sat mesmerized as he read.
Now, it was time to pick up the scattering of books and pack up the kids, but Gene wasn’t sure that he could get up off the floor. It seemed like his legs might be loath to straighten and, even if they did, that was still a long way from getting upright. Gene made himself busy by grabbing those books he could easily reach and pushing them into a pile. He felt like he had caught a break when Jay asked Little Dog and Khloe to help him carry the books to the return bin. As the three of them walked toward the front of the room, Gene hurriedly straightened his legs, ignored the spiky throbs in his knees, got his hands in tight to his sides and pushed. Nothing. Well, not exactly nothing, but far short of enough. Gene glanced up to see Jay directing Khloe to add her stash to the low open bin. Muting a groan, Gene tipped to the side and balanced his weight on his left elbow as he worked to get his knees underneath him. His revised plan was to crawl the eight feet to the nearest corner of the room and use the chair rail to pull himself up. However, before he reached his destination, Jay was beside him patting Gene’s shoulder.
“Let’s save playing horsie for the next time.”
When Jay extended his hand, Gene, reluctantly, took it. His rescuer laughed as Gene swore under his breath.
“It’s all fun.”
Gene concurred, “One unending adventure.”
“They say it goes by too fast.”
As he moved to the chair rail to insure that he would have something to grip if necessary, Gene said, “Jesus. I wonder whether all of this attention is good for them. My grandfather used to sit on a bench, spit chewing tobacco and growl at us to run to get him another beer. I suppose…
Jay interrupted, “A beer in stein bear?”
Knowing that it meant something, but clueless as to what, Gene brushed off Jay and continued, “Thirty years down the road I can see these two sitting in some kind of therapy session complaining that they were never ignored or just left alone. Their lives are screwed up because everyone was too attentive, too helpful, too caring. Too smothering.”
With a tone that to Gene seemed to hold both wistfulness and fear, Jay said, “Well, we probably won’t be around to hear their recriminations.”
In part because he wanted to know, but also because he had lost the reading contest, Gene asked, “Do you ever think about getting a social security check when Norris is in third grade?”
The noise Jay made sounded like a deflating balloon.
“Is that how it works out?”
Feeling stronger, Gene pushed off from the chair rail and lumbered his way to the case where Khloe was pulling cassettes from their shelves.
“I think so. Three plus five is eight and five plus fifty-seven is sixty-two.”
“If McCain gets in, they’ll push back the eligibility.”
“Probably, but McCain won’t get in.”
“No?”
“Not a prayer. Khloe give me those.”
As Gene reached out his hand for the tapes she held, Khloe laughed before hurling them at Gene’s feet and running away.
When Gene genuflected to get close enough to the floor to pick up Khloe’s mess, Jay knelt alongside to help.
“Somebody needs a nap.”
When Gene’s head snapped up with angry eyes, Jay laughed, “Hey, I didn’t mean you.”
Gene growled an apology.

During the first three months of Gene being Khloe’s day time care-giver, their relationship had ranged from border skirmishes to protracted trench warfare. In the fourth month their entanglement moved on to détente. A month later it was rapprochement. Finally, almost six months to the day, Khloe and Gene had become allies. What brought these two former combatants together was what always brought an alliance together: informed self-interest and common purpose. In this case it was cemented by two small bowls of coffee ice cream at 4:40pm on a Wednesday afternoon.
Khloe had awakened from one of her deep coma-like naps that invariably left her irritable. Gene himself was irritable because he was experiencing a strong re-awakening of his desire for greater freedom. Housework and childcare oppressed him. He wanted to return to a life where he could come and go as he pleased. When Gene locked his granddaughter in her high chair, she yelped at the indignity of her imprisonment. After her keeper tossed a handful of Cheerios into a bowl and plunked that on to the tray, Khloe fussed with the little circles, stuck them to the tips of her moist fingers, then, became disgusted when she couldn’t dislodge them by violently shaking her hands. Khloe’s hand waving reminded Gene of news clips of grieving Middle Eastern women. Showing the persistence of a frustrated squirrel, Khloe changed tactics by using the edge of the tray to scrap the soggy orts from her fingers onto the floor. A loud, then louder, “Khloe, no!” only motivated the unhappy cruiser to pick up her bowl and disdainfully toss it onto the floor. Gene reached deep inside for a discipline he frequently had needed over the last few months.
Early on in his career Gene had learned that if a client was unhappy with Poultristics, nothing would be served by matching the client’s anger with his own. Gene stared at Khloe while Khloe stared at her empty tray seemingly nonplused with how she could continue the next act of her drama with all of her props gone. To smooth a bad patch with a client, Gene’s standard practice was to do something to exceed their expectations, to surprise them with his good will.
When Gene found there was no ice cream in the freezer except for coffee, he only hesitated a moment before scooping some into two bowls. Within minutes, like magic, Khloe was happy and animated. Gene, too, was energized. They were still on the family room floor building and destroying Duplo edifices when first Tisha and, then, Maryellen came home.
Dinner was fun because Khloe was such a clown; however Tisha worried that Khloe’s appetite was less than normal. Bath time, which usually, was a giggle-filled time for Khloe and her mother, was a disaster. When they emerged from the bathroom, Khloe was angry and dry; Tisha was angry and wet. When Tisha threatened her daughter that there would be no nighttime story reading, Khloe’s body went rigid as if in the throes of a grand mal seizure. Gene thought that he might be unwillingly implicated or involved when Khloe began to scream for, “S’cream.” But that cause and effect was not linked because, foolishly, it never occurred to Tisha that her father would allow his granddaughter to do something he never would have permitted one of his own children to do.
As he lay in bed that night reviewing the day, Gene experienced a satisfying smugness. He had been clever enough to turn Khloe’s bad mood around. If her later crankiness was a result of the caffeine and sugar titrating out of the little girl’s metabolism, something he was willing to accept as a possibility but not a certainty, that effect fell to the care of Tisha and not him.
Gene learned anew the power of positive reinforcement when a happy, babbling Khloe awoke from her nap the following day, banged the high chair tray with the frantic energy of a drunk banging the bar in anticipation of that first drink, gleefully pitched overboard the bowl of Cheerios, then banged her spoon as she anxiously awaited using that implement to do justice to the bowl of ice cream coming her way.
After a second bad bath night, followed by a temperature check, bowel movement review, and talk of teething, Gene decided that he had better change his tactics.
On Friday morning, Gene intricated Khloe into the car seat, drove to Ladd’s, extricated Khloe from the car seat, and conducted his normal weekly shopping except for adding a gallon of sugar-free vanilla ice cream.
That afternoon, Khloe got her bowl of ice cream, was happy in the instant, still didn’t eat much dinner as had been her habit, but did not crash and burn at bath time. Gene wasn’t sure, but he thought that at times over the evening Khloe looked a little bewildered, like a naïve, first time dope smoker wondering what all the fuss was about after toking on a joint made mostly of oregano.

“God, Dad, always chicken.”
Gene speared a piece of the boneless breast he had baked with cream of mushroom soup.
“The industry needs help.”
“Sure, I get that, but do we have to be the sole support?”
Gene had never gotten used to the fact that ever since Tisha had graduated from OSU she considered herself to be on an equal footing with her mother and father. It always irked him to think of his children as his equals, but it was especially irritating to have Tisha take that attitude when she wasn’t paying rent or anything close to a proportional share of the food costs.
Gene fixed Tisha with a stare, “Sole support? What would you know about sole support?”
Tisha held her father’s stare for a long moment before slowly pushing back her chair, “Sole support. You may know a lot about, but,” Tisha slammed her fist to her chest, “as far as soul, s-o-u-l, support goes, you don’t know much.”
Gene shifted his eyes from Tisha to Khloe. The toddler had a fist of chopped chicken half-way to her mouth. The fist stayed frozen until after her mother bolted from the room. As Khloe mashed the food into her mouth, her grandfather gave her a wink and a congratulatory smile. Maryellen looked up from her plate in time to see Gene’s smile.
“Happy now?”
“My friends are starving.”
“In very big houses with very big cars.”
“Maybe not for long.”
“Well, when they lose those cars and homes, we’ll be sure to send them to the head of the line.”
Maryellen took a breath as she carefully placed her knife on the edge of her plate.
“You don’t work for them anymore, Gene. You don’t have to be an apologist for them.”
Gene’s chair shot backward from the table.
“Apologist? Why would I apologize for people, mostly very good people, who provide hundreds of thousands of jobs and keeps millions of people happy and healthy with low fat, low cost protein?”
“At what cost, Gene?”
Gene jumped up and jabbed his finger at his wife, “The cheapest costs, dammit, the cheapest costs.”
Despite his anger and a strong desire to make a dramatic exit, Gene couldn’t leave without seeing what effect his raised voice and thrusting finger had on Khloe, but when he looked, he couldn’t tell what her goggled eyes and open mouth meant.
As Gene stomped down the hall, he heard Maryellen ask, “Would you want Tisha to work on a processing line?”
Lioner’s Mags & Rags had been open since the late Sixties. On the left after coming through the jangling door were two long aisles stuffed with magazines. The third aisle held candy and gum. The fourth was stocked with aspirin, baked beans, Dinty Moore stew, chips and other necessities. To the right of the front door was the register. When the store first opened, the Saturday Evening Post, Look, Life and U.S. News and World Report had shared pride of place alongside the nickel-plated high-back cash register with Time, Newsweek and a dozen newspapers. No longer. Now, to the side of the same register where Rhonda Lioner, Buddha-like since her stroke, sat and, with a minimum of talk and movement, conducted her business, was an ever-shrinking array of ever-shrinking newspapers. As the space needed for newspapers and news magazines shrank, the shelf space for cloyingly sweet health bars and eau de water and near water grew. Over the years Gene had taken a perverse pleasure in seeing overweight women park along the yellow curb in front of Lioners, waddle in, buy water and granola bars and waddle out feeling healthier and self-righteous.
As he angled himself along the magazine rack, Gene wondered if Rhonda might be judging him…and not for the first time. He usually felt uneasy at the Mags & Rags. When the store was empty, as it was tonight, then, as he wandered down an aisle, it could feel like Rhonda was watching him with Sauron’s eye. Gene guessed that feeling of being under surveillance might be left over from the time he had shoplifted skin magazines from the bus depot in his home town. Yet, when there were other customers in the store, it seemed to Gene that he was an unwilling partner in a complicated dance. If it was a woman shopping, he would feel compelled to quickly slide past any of the sections of the aisle where cleavage or bad boy bikers were displayed. If it were a man, Gene had to try to slip past anything that might give a false clue as to his sexual preferences.
Gene took another step and reached out for a gardening magazine. He could feel Rhonda’s hot beam on the back of his scalp. As if the energy from her stare had surged down his neck and out through his arms, hands, and fingertips to heat what he held, Gene thrust the magazine back on the shelf. Gene could almost hear Rhonda asking herself what ulterior motive would cause a person to look at a garden magazine past the planting season.
Gene admitted to himself that he did have ulterior motives. After pulling into the deserted Runesburg Library parking lot, he had remembered that budgetary constraints had forced the library to begin closing on Wednesday evenings. He hated malls. They were bad enough in the day with their synthetic good cheer and artificial bustle. But, at night, with their empty interiors and lonely clerks tensely lounging by their store entrances like past their prime prostitutes, or, tapping at their phones with intense stares that suggested they were expecting to read God’s plan for them, they were even worse. He would not, could not go into a hometown bar and drink soda. He was too full from dinner and undigested emotions to be able to eat a dessert and far too cheap to order one and waste it. As he had sat in the library parking lot, the only one of his options that made any sense to Gene as a way to kill time was the Mags & Rags.
Gene shuffled forward. He forgot his worries as he began to construct an algorithm of America using the distribution of the Mags and Rags inventory. Four on national affairs. Forty on fitness. Two on foreign affairs. Twenty on golf. Thirty-one on lifestyle. Gene wasn’t sure what lifestyle meant, but he did have an idea that the anchor hitch knot that he was feeling in his stomach couldn’t be adequately addressed with an article featuring six glossy photographs and two hundred fifty words of copy. Thirty-eight magazines with oily muscled men and women frozen in Grecian statuary poses, yet not a single magazine on the fowl, the flesh, which helped them to build their muscles without fat. Nine on antique cars. It was another bite of the indigestible for Gene to study the perfect paint and polished chrome of a car he might have ridden in as a teen touted as an antique. He, with his soft pendulous belly, creaking knees and life-splotched skin, took umbrage. Gene was two thirds of the way down the first aisle, but becoming ever more sure that he wouldn’t find anything devoted to curmudgeons, when he was startled by the tinny jangle of the door. That harsh noise triggered a koan-like question. Why did the door have a bell when Rhonda Lioner never moved? Gene turned toward the register to see a tall thin man with stooped shoulders, looking like a thin FDR, asking for Camels.
Babies.
Babies.
Eight, nine…fourteen magazines with covers of those bald, bold, brightly smiling aliens...come to destroy our world as we know it.
Gene’s breathing, un-synched from his surroundings ever since Tisha had pushed back her chair, paused, slowed and allowed the rest of the world to catch up.
Nothing wrong with looking at baby magazines.
Gene took his time thumbing through a half-dozen magazines before settling on one that headlined Fifty Fun Things to Do on a Rainy Day. With his purchase in hand, Gene meandered over to the candy aisle. He stopped in his tracks when he saw a familiar box on the bottom shelf. Over a half century before, Tom Beed and he would climb past the second crotch of a middle-aged mulberry tree to smoke candy cigarettes as they enjoyed a paisley-leafed view of the small world below. Gene lowered himself by bracing his arms on his knees to be sure his eyes and memory weren’t confused.
It seemed almost impossible, given events of the last thirty years, that candy cigarettes would still be made and allowed to be sold. Gene toyed with the idea that the boxes he was looking at, unnoticed and unwanted, had been sitting on the shelf since the late Seventies. He though that it was more likely to find a box of candy cigarettes behind a fingerprint smeared display at the National Institutes of Health than, here, at the Mags & Rags.
Since he was already halfway down, Gene let gravity take him even lower so that he could take a box, but as soon as he held one box and heard the chalky sound its contents made, he knew it wasn’t going to be enough. Gene maneuvered his knees onto the gritty linoleum so that he could remove all of the inventory that was there.
With his hands loaded with nearly two dozen boxes of Kings, Stallion and Targets, whose boxes were meant to mimic Luckies, Camels and Pall Malls, and with his rainy day how and what to do with baby magazine tucked under his arm, a buoyed Gene went to the register. Rhonda traded a slight nod for Gene’s smile. Osprey eyes watched Gene’s hands as he counted out the number of cigarette boxes. As her withered arm made its pilgrimage to the register’s well-worn keys, Gene contemplated the meager display of newspapers. He wouldn’t want to be the one traveling around the country telling editors and ad-men how to save their papers. A buggy whip business.
Rhonda’s dry hack pulled Gene’s eyes away.
“Tough business.”
Rhonda’s eyebrows wriggled before her gaze drifted past Gene’s shoulder.
“And bound to get tougher.”
Rhonda’s hand edged forward. Gene got himself ready. Rhonda’s wounded circuitry meant that there was a good chance that his change might be flung rather than just passed back to him. Gene’s eyes carefully followed the progress of Rhonda’s hand, like a rookie catcher with an aging knuckleball pitcher, but this time Rhonda’s tremor stayed just a tremor.
Back in the car Gene looked at his watch and wished he had a motel key in his pocket. As an alternative, he drove to the Gobi Desert emptiness of the Kroger parking lot, parked under a sulfurous light, puffed, melted and munched his way through two boxes of cigarettes, read his magazine, and anticipated his next rainy meeting with Jay and Norris. Before driving back, Gene tucked both the bag of cigarettes and the magazine under his seat.
Inside The Ant Farm, the public areas were dark. Tisha and Khloe were in their bedrooms. Maryellen, with a flick of her finger, indicated that her latest Ian Rankin story was far too engrossing for her to want to be distracted. If Gene wanted attention, reassurance, an apology, or, even, forgiveness, Maryellen’s flick indicated that Gene needed to go elsewhere. After taking longer than usual washing and brushing, Gene cautiously climbed into bed, opened his own book, a recent product of the Patterson factory; however, instead of reading, Gene slit his lids, gazed at the far wall, painted a deep and, for him, disturbing cranberry hue, and pretended he was in the foothills of the Ozarks, just west of where 540 and 40 cross, listening to the drone of the air conditioner at the Bestdam View Motel.

It was three days since Tisha had stomped away from the dinner table. In the interim father and daughter had worked hard to avoid one another. When one chanced to surprise the other, usually in the kitchen, they had exchanged hooded looks but no words. As Gene loosely monitored Khloe while he pinched suckers from the tomato plants, he remembered what it was like when Tisha was in her mid-teens, especially in her post-driver’s license, but pre-college period. He wouldn’t be home ten minutes before Maryellen would begin a Lenten-long litany of that week’s indiscretions, transformations and transgressions. Since Tisha was never home on Friday nights—popularity demands precluded that—Gene would feel the need to defend the undefended; however it rarely took more than an hour on Saturday with both father and daughter awake under the same roof before Gene would either be yelling at Tisha, or, if he had managed to hold his tongue, seeking out Maryellen to share the fruit of his wrath. The rest of the weekend would be eked out minute to minute in the poisoned air. It would not be until Sunday night when he was folding his ties and rolling his underwear that his spirits would begin to rise.
Now, although he could pull down the stairs to the attic, retrieve his suitcase and fill it with socks, shirts and ties, he wouldn’t be going anywhere. He could pack his bag, lie atop the bedspread and stare at the cranberry walls wishing they were beige, but when his reverie was over, he would still be at The Ant Farm and Tisha, Khloe and Josephine would still be living with them.
During those days and decades on the road, Gene often had described his life as perfect. Thousands of times over a quarter century, in the murky light and soggy swirls of wall-to-wall carpet in half-empty restaurants and amidst the bright clang of breakfast dishes being bussed, Gene had never deviated from answering that his life and wife and his kids and house were fine. From a thousand miles away, most things could be fine. When Gene made those expressions of the quality of his life, he meant them. He was away from The Ant Farm. All was fine.
Now, all was not fine. Gene Almsson had spent a lot of motel nights scouring reams and, later, gigabytes of data figuring out what tomorrow’s clients could do to improve their operating results. He got so good that he could study those matrices of numbers and see wasted water sluicing down a processing floor or a cocoa-colored stream of feed being distributed at the wrong time in the flock’s lifecycle. While it had been Gene’s job to look at a company’s internal data, compare it to industry benchmarks, and note the discrepancies, it definitely had not been his job to tell Processor A how to win market share from Processor B. That training—to oversee the war, to critique the battlefield, but not to move the troops—now was doing Gene a disservice. He and Tisha were falling far short of the father-daughter benchmark. He knew that and he didn’t want to accept it. However, knowing what to do about it had him flummoxed. Should he wait for an apology—even when, knowing Tisha, that might not come even on his deathbed? Should he apologize himself when he was sure that he was the one who had been wronged? Should he recruit Maryellen as a go-between even though her price to bring peace might be high? Could he just assume a truce and let time turn truce into peace?
While pinching plants, washing dishes, watching Khloe build a miniature Stonehenge, or feigning sleep alongside Maryellen, Gene spent three days considering alternatives. He studied the data, reviewed his options and made and unmade decisions. However, despite all of his efforts and his determination, when a propitious moment came, and he found himself in the same room with Tisha, Gene’s courage, mercy, and humility went missing. Instead of righting what was wrong, his thoughts focused on the one alternative that had served him so well over the years. Instead of acting, Gene ended up dreaming about being back on the road. Instead of saying, “I’m sorry,” and giving Tisha a hug, Gene spent his time up remembering how, so often in the past, being away from home had had a miraculous way of curing what was wrong at home.

When Jay Hillip had first suggested that they leave the playground area with the sticks and twigs that Little Dog and Khloe had collected to play Pooh Sticks at the bridge, Gene had no idea of what he was talking about. Not willing to admit to his ignorance, he helped carry Khloe’s rag tag collection as they walked along a narrow meandering path that wound through the dense woods which made up the eastern edge of the park. After Jay stopped along the beaten trail to pick up more sticks, noting to his son which were good or great, Gene began to do the same. When the foursome finally arrived at the ancient rusty arch that spanned the quick flow of Charley Creek, their harvest was so great they reminded Gene of peasant foragers. With Jay in charge, the children arranged their piles on the upstream side of the bridge.
“Ready, Little Dog?”
After Norris carefully selected a crooked stick that was about a foot long, Jay lifted him onto the bridge railing. As soon as the boy tossed the branch into the stream, Jay swooped him up and raced to the other side of the span. When the stick emerged from under the bridge and cascaded down stream, Little Dog yelped in excitement. Second later, Jay had his son back on the rail making a second toss.
Khloe’s first effort was more drop than toss. By the time Gene had her feet planted on the downstream side, her branch had already floated past the edge of the bridge. After Khloe’s fourth ineffectual toss and feeling that he was losing, Gene took over the stick tossing. However, tossing the stick left him with just one arm securing the increasingly excited Khloe as she perched ten feet above the roiling water.
With both of his arms around Little Dog, Jay cautioned, “Don’t lose her. They’re like ferrets.”
A disdainful Gene replied, “I’ve got her,” as he hauled back to hurl a cudgel far upstream.
As the game progressed, Gene had the idea for a better contest. Rather than being able to throw a branch farther than Norris, he would see if his team could toss and watch ten sticks faster than the other team. By setting the standard at ten fastest, Gene had to be careful to throw a branch far enough that there would be time to get to the other side before the stick emerged from the shadow, but not so far upstream that they had to wait too long and lose a point to the other team.
Gene guessed that it might have been by the sixth or seventh toss that Jay realized that some kind of competition was going on. Gene was ahead when that happened and was faced with the dilemma of whether to re-start the scoring. Very soon after he decided to be sportsmanlike, Gene was regretting it. His team was losing. He tried to pick up the pace, but after the eighth toss he spun back to the upstream side of the bridge so quickly that he mashed Khloe’s leg against the rusty railing. Her squeal and lurch were so sudden that Gene inadvertently loosened his grip. Khloe began sliding from Gene’s grip toward the swirling waters of the stream. In his panicked response, Gene jerked Khloe so tightly to his chest that he knocked the wind out of her.
Khloe’s frightened eyes grew ever larger as she tried to get air into her lungs. Gene looked to Jay to see what he could do. When Jay put Little Dog down, Gene thrust Khloe at Jay. Jay blew twice into Khloe’s face before roughly tickling her armpits. A few seconds passed before Khloe jump-started. A second later a shrieking, sobbing, bleeding human being bewailed her sorry fate.
Jay pointed at the blood oozing from Khloe’s scrape. “She’s had her shots, right?”
“What shots?”
“Tetanus. She’s about eighteen months, isn’t she? She should have had four shots, but from what you’ve told me about her mother and with moving here, she might have missed the fourth. She’s probably fine, but I’d check it out.”
Jay reached down to scoop up his son, “Let’s go, Little Dog.”
“No.”
“Got to, buddy. Ambulance run. Help me with the rescue.” Jay turned back to Gene, “I’ve got a first aid kit in the van if you don’t.”
Gene felt that he had lost again to Jay Hillip when he admitted that he didn’t own a first aid kit.
The first things that surprised Gene when he walked into the pediatric practice with Khloe were the waiting rooms. After checking in at the desk, the two of them were given permission to sit in the Well Room. As Gene studied the posters explaining the importance of inoculations and regular visits, Khloe began carefully sliding brightly colored wooden beads along the wires of a three-dimensional maze. When Gene noticed what the toddler was doing and the care with which she was doing it, something in her methodical approach reminded him of someone saying a rosary.  Hail Mary, why am I here and where is the girl’s mother? He looked back from Khloe to the questionnaire on the clip board he had been given at the desk.
Gene could not remember ever being in a pediatrician’s office before. Even when he was still at Cargill, he had left the rituals of the girls’ health to Maryellen. The most he remembered being involved was dispensing quarters and making an appropriate sympathetic noise over a wad of gauze held in place by a bandage when someone had had a shot.
Gene had just finished returning the clipboard to the desk when a young woman, Gene guessed she might not be twenty, holding an infant against her prodigious belly and dragging a toddler by his wrist crossed the threshold into the Well Room. A quick glance was enough for her to dismiss Khloe, but the woman gave Gene a long hard stare. To break the woman’s lock on his eyes, Gene leaned forward and stage whispered into Khloe’s ear, “Don’t forget to share.”
Just hearing the word, “share” caused Khloe to lean closer to the maze and use both hands to maniacally flip beads up and down the colored wires. When the boy started toward the play table, the woman dragged him to the far side of the room and hauled him up onto a molded blue plastic chair by just one of his arms. When he squawked at being mishandled, the woman smacked the top of his head, then, looked to Gene to see if he might want to express a judgment. Gene acted like he had missed what had happened. Khloe looked up at the bellowing boy and began to slam the balls back and forth even faster. The rapid fire clacking of the balls smashing into one another was not enough to drown out the wails of the boy.
The woman raised her hand toward the boy’s face and barked, “Button it.” The boy immediately sucked sound and snot back inside his body. Khloe stared at the wet-faced boy and began to tease the balls remaining at the bottom of the maze with little flips of her thumbs. Slowly she raised a single red ball to just shy of the first bend in the wire before allowing it to fall back. The boy leaned forward with focused eyes. Except for a lack of quivering, the boy’s anticipation reminded Gene of Josephine when Khloe held a dog treat close to her chest. When Khloe raised and released another ball, the boy blurted, “No!” With a startling quickness the boy propelled himself off his seat. Khloe screamed, “No!” In a split second the boy had both of his hands on the maze. Screaming, “No! No!” he staggered backward and pulled the maze off the table. When the puzzle hit the ground one of the wires sprung free and a half dozen balls made their escape.
Without given any indication to whom it might be addressed, the woman muttered, “You little shit fuck.”
As both toddlers cried over their losses, it was Gene who got down on his knees to retrieve the balls and repair the maze. In a bit of good fortune, Khloe’s sobs had just finished when a tank-like woman armored in pink polyester opened the door and asked, “Khloe?”
Despite it being months since she had been in the pediatrician’s office, as soon as Khloe looked around the small cubicle dominated by an examination table covered in white paper, she began to whimper. The nurse looked at Gene expectantly, but he wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do.
“Put her on the table and take her clothes off, all but the diaper.”
As soon as Gene started to remove her shoes, Khloe began to insist, “No, Baba, no.” When her grandfather pulled off her socks the toddler’s protests grew, and Gene’s hand began to feel like they were encased in oven mitts. He could feel the nurse watching over his shoulder and judging him wanting on his skills. As he worked to unsnap Khloe’s rompers with his inept fingers, a part of Gene drifted out and looked down and wondered about the Grandpa Rodeo show he had invented. It was interesting to see how quickly his skills degraded with the nurse watching. It was the exact opposite of when he was on the road. There had been times when he had felt himself to be relatively tongue-tied during the meet and greet at the beginning of a visit, but as soon as he was in front of a roomful of people with an overhead projector or laptop, everything in his memory felt accessible and all of his many thoughts were hyper-articulated.
When he started to remove Khloe’s onesie, it was as if he were doing it for the first time. An elbow and bent wrist got wedged in a sleeve. After Gene managed to extricate them, he came close to amputating Khloe’s right ear when she twisted her head just as he was pulling the shirt over her head. The fact that Khloe didn’t yelp when he caught her ear caused Gene to look directly at his granddaughter’s face. A feeling, far too complicated to put a name on but as powerful as anything he had felt in years, welled inside of him. He had expected to see anger—the round-faced, red-faced incensed little person he saw a dozen times a day. But, instead of that small, fierce, volcanic child, he was looking at the saddest face he had ever seen. Long curled eyelashes bejeweled with a strand of tiny teardrops. Eyes filled with abject disappointment at Baba’s betrayal. Lips quivering from the foreknowledge that nothing but bad times were coming her way.
A breath that stalled deep in Gene’s airways forced him to cough to re-start it.
The unnamable feeling that had surged through Gene disoriented him so much that, afterward, when he and Khloe were going back home, he had very little memory of what the doctor, a nondescript but ebullient woman in her fifties, had said and done other than to reassure Gene that he did not need to worry about tetanus.
Gene sat in his chair waiting for his wife and daughter to arrive home for dinner. Every time a car drove down the street, Gene’s heart beat spiked. He had constructed four different stories explaining how Khloe has hurt herself, but in each case, Gene couldn’t figure out how to construct the narrative so that, indeed, it was Khloe who had hurt herself, rather than he who had allowed her to get hurt. The year before when Gene had fallen off the ladder and torn the gutter from the house he had stashed the evidence of that mistake behind the garage. That strategy didn’t seem appropriate in this situation. Yet, it seemed impossible to have to sit through an inquisition from his daughter, wife or, more likely, both. Already he could near the judgment and disdain in their voices.
What was he thinking? Why wasn’t he paying attention?
Since Gene did not want to go through all of that he went back to re-formatting the data to get a better outcome.
“We were at the park. I had her on the swings for a long time. Then, when she started to get bored, we went over to the creek to play Pooh sticks.”
The same quizzical look which formed on both Maryellen and Tisha’s face indicated to Gene that they were surprised that he knew what Pooh sticks were. Taking advantage of a moment when his care-giving skills exceeded their expectations, Gene embellished, “We’ve been doing that a lot lately. Khloe loves it and it seems to me that it should be good for her gross motor skill development. Anyway, we’d been there maybe ten minutes when this guy, who I’ve seen a couple of times before by the swings, showed up with his son, who’s kind of big. Maybe he’s four or five.”
Gene paused to see if there was anything showing on his listeners’ faces that would indicate whether it was better to have Jay or Little Dog be the one who knocked Khloe into the bridge railing.
“I though the kid was kind of old to be having his father help him, but he had him in his arms and they started rushing back and forth from one side to the other getting more and more excited. I had just put Khloe down to get some more sticks from her pile, which she likes to do by herself, with absolutely no help from me, when the father whipped around and the son’s foot caught Khloe in the shoulder and knocked her into the railing. The dad began to get defensive before I even said a word to him,” Gene used his hands to act out how he had brushed off the man’s words, “but I let him know that I didn’t have time for his excuses. I wanted to get Khloe to the doctor as soon I could to see that everything was all right.”
With a sheepish look that he had practiced, Gene delivered his ending, “And it is.”
When neither Maryellen nor Tisha said anything, Gene had to fight the urge to add more detail or editorial comment about Jay’s irresponsibility. When the silence continued, Gene couldn’t keep from blurting out, “Constant vigilance. And sometimes even that isn’t enough.”
As soon as he finished, Gene regretted what he had said. He was afraid it made him sound like Churchill.



CHAPTER SEVEN

FALL 2008


Khloe and Norris were arguing over ownership of a leafless twig, a twig whose future, if it had been allowed to have one, might have been in dowsing. Both kids were tugging. Both faces were reddening. Both throats were groaning. Two sets of feet were scrambling for purchase against tufts of Leeslip Park’s dying grass.
With a vague gesture toward the combatants, Gene turned toward Jay Hillip and said, “Hasn’t been the same since Adam ate the apple.”
Jay concurred, “That’s been awhile.”
“Same old story. A fight for love and glory.”
Jay pondered Gene’s words, “Is that something I should know? It sounds familiar.”
“’As Time Goes By.’ Herman Hupfield. Casablanca.”
Jay laughed as he grabbed Gene’s arm, “We’ll always have Leeslip Park.”
A startled Gene pulled his arm free and swept it across the storm littered parkland.
“A thousand twigs must have come down in last night’s storm and these two want the same one.”
“Poor countries fight over dust and hovels. Rich countries fight over….”
“Poor countries.”
Both kids began emitting a whistle-like noise that was just short of a shriek.
“You think I should find another stick?”
Gene shrugged indifference, “That hasn’t worked too well with the Israelis and Palestinians, although I suppose I could emulate Solomon and split the stick in two.”
Jay nodded, “Let’s do that. Destroy the spoils of war. Mothers would never do that. It’s worked in a thousand wars. They’ll hate us. The enemy of my enemy is my friend.”
Gene started to push himself off the bench, but Jay grabbed his sleeve, “Wait, let’s do it together. We’ll fight over it and break it.”
Gene nodded his agreement. After standing over Khloe and Norris for a few seconds, Jay reached down between the two combatants and ordered them, “Give me the stick.” Neither child was willing to be the first to let go.
Gene interjected, “Khloe, give me the stick. Now!”
“Norris! Now!”
Small claws opened enough that Jay could remove the stick. Immediately, while shoving a hand out toward Jay, Gene yelled, “Give it to me.”
“No.”
Gene reached out for the stick, “Yes. Khloe had it first. Give it to me.”
Jay shook his head emphatically, “No. Norris found it. Khloe took it.”
Something unexpected snapped open inside Gene’s head as he yelled, “Give me the stick!”
When Jay said no, Gene lunged forward and grabbed. The men tugged. The stick broke. The kids cried. The men dropped their pieces on the ground. Both kids darted forward for the spoils of a short war and came up grabbing the opposite end of the same twig.
Jay shrugged as he walked back to the bench. As he plopped down, he said, “Well, this certainly beats steady employment.”
Gene, embarrassed and subdued, muttered, “Except for the three martini lunches, intra-office affairs and frequent ‘attaboys.’”
After the men had made their obfuscatory attempt to repair any damage done by humor rather than direct apology, they both grew silent. Gene extended a foot and used the heel of his shoe to draw together a dozen small twigs into a miniature wood pile. Finally, when it became obvious that the sticks wouldn’t become any neater without an opposing limb coming into play, Gene asked, “How much of a pay cut would you be willing to accept to be working again?”
Jay rolled his head back and forth before answering, “If I were to answer that, whatever I say wouldn’t make any sense unless you knew what I was making before. If I said ‘twenty k’ and I’d been making five hundred that’s different that if I had been making fifty. And if I said thirty percent that doesn’t tell you that much if you don’t know the base.”
“So you won’t tell me?”
“Hey, you know a guy’s a lot more likely to tell you about his sexual exploits than his money. Here’s what I’ll say because I think I know why you’re asking.” He pointed his chin toward the kids who had gone back to their tug of war. “There are days, quite a few of them, when I’d happily pay someone twenty-five bucks an hour to let me sit on a bad chair in a windowless office and count paperclips.”
Gene grunted in acknowledgement.
“But other days, I’d easily give up a month’s salary, my late lamented month’s salary, to spend a day poking around the park with that selfish, argumentative, irritating boy over there.”
When Gene didn’t respond to that, Jay asked, “What’s your wage scale like, captain? Would you work on the cheap?”
Gene guessed that Jay expected him to say something that would mimic his own words, but he couldn’t force himself to do it. His best days working, telling stories with numbers, were much much better than his best days as a father or grandfather. To have a chance to be in front of an audience which wanted and would use his insights, to have again the feeling he would get when an audience was totally attentive, even rapt, as he paused between the slides that set up the story and the slides that showed the actions necessary to fund the dividend or pay the bonus was worth a small fortune. He would definitely do it for free…if he could afford it.
“I always liked working. In my kind of job, if you didn’t, you couldn’t last. Too many airports and motels for someone who really wasn’t committed.”
Jay looked skeptical.
“You made reports, right? You chunked your way through the data and, then, reported what you found? That’s right, isn’t it?”
Given how Jay had described his job, when Gene nodded it was reluctantly.
“I can see why it might have made some sense when you started to do your pony show in person, but given the changes in technology—podcasts, webinars, e-mail, tele-conferencing—why were you still on the road?”
Gene felt a Mississippi of anger surging through him.
“Because it’s always more than just the numbers. It’s about contacts, the personal stuff. The fact that I know their hobbies, their handicaps, the names of their wives and kids. Where they went to college. Where their next job might be.”
“But, Gene, you were working pretty much in a commodity business, right? Chickens are a commodity, right?”
When Gene frowned, Jay continued, “Except on the 4H scale. So, with commodities, efficiency is pretty much everything. Be efficient or lose your place in the lunch line. All that other stuff, ‘Big Bill was a Sigma at Towhee State and his kids play travel team soccer, pretty much all that data originally has to come from ole Big Bill himself and the only way to get it is by asking him or letting him ramble after a few drinks at the local Sir Lancelot Lounge. That data gathering takes time, Gene, and time is money, especially with commodities. Time spent doing that personal thing hurts productivity. That people thing is more suited for the Fifties, not now. Back then, the geography, market size, transportation, and communication technologies kept the playing field from being even. Now, a penny in unit costs in a commodity market can cost the company the game.”
Gene was seething, “My clients wanted me there. In person. To know who they were and what they were facing. They wanted me there to listen to their problems and answer their questions.”
Jay interrupted, “Gene, the top tier probably didn’t want you there at all. If they already were winning, what can you tell them except, ‘Doin’ good, boys. Keep at it.’ And if it took an hour or all day, you had to be a distraction. By definition, you had to lower their productivity, even if by only the tiniest notch, while you were being paid to improve it. As for the others, say the ones at the bottom of the pile looking up, anything you could say could only be perceived as criticism or a threat. Those boys, the ones who weren’t family members, were probably praying that your plane went down in a storm before you even got to Loserville. Who wants to hear that they are being trounced? The ones in the middle, the unwashed sixty percent, you’re right. They probably did want you there. Not as a Messiah, but as a distraction. A chance to get a free drink and surf or turf on your or the company’s dime. We’re back at the Sir Lancelot. Either that free stuff, or, maybe, just some relief from stimulus deprivation. No cell phone coverage in Black Hole, Arkansas, TV satellite’s down. ‘Tell us some more ‘bout chickens, Gene. ‘Jus’ keep talkin, Gene, I’m gonna have me another un.’”
The muscles of Gene’s shoulders were tightened and his fists were clenched. His breaths shot through his nose so hard that they made a noise like water spurting through a garden hose. While most of his mind and body were given over to the rage engendered by Jay’s remarks, a small part of Gene’s mind dug through old files and found a memory of what he was feeling, a memory that contained a steamy summer night, yellow, insect-buzzing street light swimming its way through the feathery maze of nearly black willow branches, harsh laughter, boozy bravado, and, suddenly, a hen’s egg of warm, beery spit balanced for a slow second on his cheek before slaloming down and off his chin.
In the fight that ensued, Gene ate dirt through bloodied lips.
Jay laughed, “You should see yourself, Gene. All pent-up and nowhere to go.”
Jay took two steps away in a manner that conveyed a challenge rather than a retreat.
“Little Dog, c’mon buddy, time for ice cream.”
As Jay walked away, Gene could not believe it when he heard Jay say, “See you next week.”
It had been years, decades, since Gene had been as angry as he now felt. When he was on the road, other than flight delays and no toilet paper and weak coffee, there rarely had been a reason to be angry. There were moments of pique at an airline clerk’s coldness or a waitress’ forgetfulness, but the only real cause for true anger would have been when he was home and, even then, the possibility for an explosion was defused by the knowledge that in a day or two he would be back on the road. He used to ask himself, why be angry, when you’ll soon be gone? The answer, invariably, was that there was no reason.
Now, Jay and Norris were kicking sticks as they walked toward the parking lot. Khloe was laughing as she threw fistfuls of grass and tried to catch them as they drifted back to earth. And he was seething. Feeling his body swell with a poison with which he had little experience treating. Gene took a deep breath and, then, a second. He spread the fingers of his hands wide and stiffened them before allowing them to relax. As his hands relaxed, Gene’s fingers began to quiver. Jay and Norris hadn’t reached the parking lot before Gene pushed himself off the bench, snuck up behind Khloe and snatched her up. Khloe’s startled yell turned to giggles as Gene lowered her onto his neck. She grabbed his ears. He grabbed plump thighs, slid his hands down to her ankles, and they were off in a fast trot across the green and yellow paisley of the leaf-strewn lawn. As horse and rider approached the rusty mesh and crazed asphalt of the tennis courts, which looked like they would be better used as detention centers for undocumented aliens than crisp volleying, Gene slowed his pace. Khloe let go of one ear to pat her grandfather’s head, “Go, horsie.”
Gene tossed his head and whinnied, but kept his pace. Khloe gave her steed more encouragement, encouragement that caused Gene’s scalp to sting. Gene’s whinny rose an octave and his head shakes grew wilder. Khloe laughed hysterically as she continued smacking her grandfather’s head.
“Go! Go! Go, horsie!”
Gene stopped, pranced in place and, then, began to bend and snap his knees. He panted, “Horsie bucking.”
“No, horsie!”
Gene bucked more as he relaxed his grip on one of Khloe’s legs. As the little girl slipped sideways, a piercing shriek speared into Gene’s ear.
“No, horsie!”
Gene bucked again and Khloe canted further to the side.
“No, horsie! No! Please!”
As soon as he heard the please, Gene tightened his grip on Khloe’s ankles and resumed his trot. Khloe was silent, but the grip on Gene’s ears was fierce as he continued in a steady trot past the tennis courts and onto the dirt bridle path that ran through the woods that bordered Charley Creek.
Gene’s knees hurt, his breath was growing short, and he was ready to turn back when Khloe leaned forward, planted a kiss on the top of his head and whispered to him that he was a good horsie. Gene was so absorbed in enjoying how a good horsie felt that when he experienced a jolt, immediately followed by a horrific cry, it took him a second to understand that it was Khloe making the noise. When the now discombobulated grandfather shifted his hands from her ankle to her waist to get Khloe down to see what had happened, he managed to smack her head a second time into the same low hanging branch that had caused the jar and scream. Gene finally figured out his stupidity and got Khloe safely off his shoulders. The toddler’s screams could have been described as blood curdling except that the blood from a two inch long scratch on her forehead and a deep puncture wound just below her left eye was flowing.
As he rushed across the park with the bleeding girl in his arms, Gene Almsson fought the urge to drop her and just keep running. As he drove to the pediatrician’s office Gene could not shake the thought that something must be very wrong with him. Thirty years without an accident or injury and now in less than a month he had hurt Khloe twice. He didn’t want to think that he couldn’t keep his granddaughter safe, that he couldn’t do what billions of caregivers did every day, but also he didn’t want to think that some critical portion of his brain was failing.
The wound under Khloe’s eye was still bleeding, but now it was oozing rather than flowing. Khloe’s crying had mimicked the wound. Her wailing had slowed to whimpering. As Gene waited for the nurse to call him, he pondered the believability of Jay and Norris Hillip causing a second injury to Khloe. Gene found that the difficulty of coming up with a reasonable explanation was causing him to feel feverish. As his face flushed, Gene had the inspiration that he might be able to take one of the after effects of harming Khloe and turn it into the cause.
Gene was relieved when Dr. Marsden, a spectral figure with a raspy voice, who Gene thought would look more appropriate in a detox than a pediatrician’s office, cleaned both wounds and decided that with a little care the wound under her eye should heal fine without the need for stitches. When Dr. Marsden said “a little care,” Gene had the idea that the doctor was accusing him.
“It was crazy. She was on my shoulders. Nothing out of the ordinary. Then, boom, I was flat on my face and she was sprawled in front of me. No warning. Nothing. Just down.”
Tisha, who had Khloe in her lap and was trying to keep the patient from picking at the bandages, shook her head in disbelief, “You had to have tripped.”
“Tisha, I know what happened. I didn’t trip. Something let go.”
As she cocked her head as if to get a better angle on what had happened, Maryellen asked, “Was it your knee or your brain?”
Gene carefully shook his head, “I don’t think it was my knee. My knee feels fine.”
Maryellen nodded, “Khloe was very lucky that she didn’t lose an eye. But, you were awfully lucky, too.”
Gene wasn’t sure what Maryellen meant. Warily, he asked, “Because?”
“Because you fell on your face and didn’t get a scratch.”
Before Gene could think of how to respond, Khloe clapped her hands together and blurted, “Horsie.”

The following Wednesday on an October morning of clean air and slippery leaves, just minutes after a truce that involved no more than an arm squeeze by Jay and a grunt by Gene, Gene was astounded to hear that Jay had kept a diary and made an entry every day since Norris had been born. As his anger bloomed, Gene wondered if there was anything that wasn’t a competition for Jay. Gene’s first response after making sure that his smile stayed in place was to figure out if there was a way to get Jay to prove it. He thought about asking his nemesis to bring the diary the next time that they got together, but he hesitated, in part, because he thought Jay might be able to produce it and, in part, because he guessed that if he were to give him more than a day, Jay was the kind of guy who would gather a clutch of different pens, pencils and markers and make up three years of entries. When the conversation moved on to Ohio football, Gene’s anger began to drain away. That surcease didn’t last long because Jay started telling Gene about how Little Dog had a tantrum that lasted for almost an hour. Gene studied Jay’s face to discover if the talk of Little Dog’s tantrum was a way to remind Gene of how angry he had been the week before. Before Gene had a chance to make that decision, however, Jay said, “It’s pretty amazing what their bodies will do.”
Gene concurred and started to tell the story of Khloe holding her breath for more than a minute. Within seconds, Jay started to nod as soon as if he knew for certain where the story was going. When Gene got to the end, Jay said, “Works every time.”
Not knowing what Jay meant, Gene asked, “What works?”
“Blowing in their face. Blow in a baby’s face when it’s holding its breath and it’ll jump start it. End of tantrum.”
“But, I didn’t blow.”
“Sure you did. The ‘b’ in breath is explosive. If she does it again, just explode a shot of air in her face, you’ll see. She’ll come right out of it...remember how I did that on the bridge with her?”
While Gene tried to remember what Jay had done after Khloe scratched herself, Jay looked over to where Khloe and Norris were making a poor knockoff of a Tibetan sand painting.
“…Unless she’s heard what I just said. Then, she’ll steel herself and it won’t work.”
Gene blew a stream of air as he dragged out the pronunciation of “Breathe.”
“So, if I’d yelled, “Stop it,” she would have died?”
“That’s it, Gene.”
Seeing Gene’s face shrivel, Jay said, “Not really. Supposedly, what happens is they pass out and, then, start breathing after a while. I guess you can’t hold your breath when you’re unconscious. But, I never let it go that far. The gypsies tell me to do something, I do it.”
Gene wasn’t sure what Jay meant by “gypsy” and his raised shoulder asked the questions.
“Wandering relatives who no one knew about until my wife got rich. Now, we’re more like an unlicensed B&B, no, not B&B because our duties seem to extend to lunch, dinner and late night snacks and booze. We have guests pretty much all the time and all of them seem to know a lot more about babies, kids than Evangeline or I do. We feed them and they tell us what to do about fevers and croup, how to cut toe nails, when to be tough and when not. Although I wonder about that sometimes because it seems like they want us to be tougher than they are. They all seem to be old hands and very good hands at playing at ‘Win the Baby.’”
Hearing what he knew he frequently did being called “Win the Baby“ made Gene change the direction the conversation was going.
“If they’re there all the time and have so much advice, then, why don’t they help with the day care?”
Jay cocked his head in question, “What do you mean?”
Gene wiggled his eyebrows and flipped a thumb toward Norris, “He’s here and so are you and not Auntie Gypsy.”
Jay’s laugh was so loud that both Norris and Khloe swiveled their heads to see what the matter was.
“Jesus, Gene. You have no idea of the wiles I have to go through to be out here alone with Little Dog. Usually I have to take a number, a high number, and wait before I get a chance to hold him or read him a story. And when I do get permission to take my son out to play, then, I have to stop at Ladd’s on the way home and buy them off with gypsy food treats like brie and shrimp to pay for my little adventure.”
Although he was unaware of it, Gene was shaking his head, albeit slightly, as he pushed off the bench and made his way toward Khloe. He could not fathom why anyone would stand in line for a chance to do what he was doing.

Although it was October, it was a stifling hot, still day. As he wiped the sweat from under his chins, Gene noticed the same four puffy, sheep-like clouds that he had pointed out to Khloe when they first got to the park. Gene had the idea that the clouds were locked in place in the sky like a celestial screensaver. Khloe, despite a bright red face and lank plastered hair indicating otherwise, seemed to be oblivious to the heat. She was a bumble bee buzzing shrilly, flapping madly as she flew figure eights around the bench where Gene was slumped and the spot of shade where Josephine studied the girl’s antics with diminishing interest.
By the time Jay Hillip and Norris came running across the field, Josephine’s tongue was lolling and her lids were closed. When Norris came barreling in, like a runaway train, bellowing, “Bay! Bee! Bay! Bee!” Khloe’s head snapped up from the task of inserting a twig into the hole of an ant hill to warn, “My bugs! All my bugs!” Her warning incentivized Norris to stomp on the ant hill before veering off to circle Josephine twice before flopping onto the no longer languid dog’s body. A dispirited Gene watched a complicated expression cross Josephine’s face—part fierce and feral and part pained and patient—before she wriggled free from the three year old’s grasp and loped twenty yards away.
Jay resignedly shook his head at his son’s behavior before announcing, “Everybody’s favorite guest. I hope all of this isn’t just from my side of the gene pool. How’s Big Bear?”
The way Jay asked the question, a way which Gene thought contained a hint that Jay intended it to be irritating, made Gene regret, and not for the first time, that he had ever told Hillip what his clients’ had called him. At the time of that revelation, it had been Gene’s natural competitive response to Jay telling him that he had been called Big Dog ever since he was the quarterback of his high school football team. Gene had thought that a Big Bear surely trumped a Big Dog and added a point to his tally. However, ever since then, when Jay called Gene by his nickname, it had a way of making Gene feel sophomoric.
“Hot.”
“Just hot? Not humid? Everyone around here talks about the humidity. I never heard that growing up in Boston.”
“Hot.”
“But not so hot that you wanted to stay home.”
“Hot.”
Jay laughed, “The man knows his own mind.” Jay looked to where the crouched and furtive Khloe and Norris seemed to have formed a temporary alliance, a marriage of convenience, in order to wreak more havoc on Josephine. “Me, I think it’s damn hot, damn humid, but, even so, being out here frying is a lot better than being cool in a sixteen story blue glass cube.”
The way Jay said the last sentence caused Gene to study him.
Jay nodded, “Yep. Golden opportunity in a blue building. I start next week. Probably trading the dole for the doldrums, but, it’s America, so it can’t be helped. Job. Self esteem. You know how one leads to the other.”
Gene shrugged noncommittally as he looked over to where Khloe was yelling at Norris to return her hank of Josephine’s fur.
Jay continued, “I’m hoping that Khloe’s sadness at their separation won’t be permanent. But, her Big Bear will help, right?”
Gene’s shrugged again.
Jay nodded again, “Don’t tell me. I know Big Bear would rather be in the sixteen story blue box.”
Gene looked at Jay, the children, the dog, the field, and, high above, the four sheep-like clouds still too stupid to move across the sky.
“Somehow, this doesn’t feel like quality time.”
“But, spending all of those nights in motels did?”
Gene pushed himself up from the bench.
“Enjoy, yourself and your new job, Big Dog. C’mon, Khloe, time to go.”

As he listened to the infrequent raindrops hiss in pain as they fell from a gloomy sky, Gene Almsson stood under the overhang of the slider to the back yard and drank from his third beer. The stock market had dropped almost three thousand points in a month. Three thousand points. On this raw wet day, Gene had spent Khloe’s naptime contemplating his retirement accounts and watching leaves leap from the trees. In August of 2007, after using $225,000 to buy Reid Brigg’s condo so Maryellen could have her dream store, Gene had begun to consider shifting his retirement assets from CDs and money market funds into the stock market. The notion of taking on more risk became even more compelling in January when Maryellen told Gene that she and Jeannine wanted to defer a portion of the rent. It wasn’t until May, however, with the Dow down close to ten percent from when he first started considering a move and with almost no interest being paid for the use of his money, that Gene had shifted everything in the money market, $1,068,917 into the stock market. Now, less than four months later, that nest egg had shrunk to $758,931. Gene took another gulp of beer and tried to comprehend how he had lost more than three hundred thousand dollars by doing nothing. The retiree stepped out into the drizzle, lifted the stainless steel grill lid and splashed some beer on to the back ribs he was slowly cooking. As he retreated under his shelter, he fiddled with the knob on the baby monitor but heard nothing more than a steady susurration.
Three hundred thousand dollars was a hard number for Gene to get hold of. The year after he had graduated from college, he had bought a 1970 Vega for less than two thousand dollars. Gene tried to imagine a parking lot filled with 150 small, tinny, under-powered hatchbacks. The first house that he and Maryellen owned on Therone Street cost $31,500. Holding the mouth of the bottle just shy of his pursed lips, Gene tried to remember the number of houses on that block. The Weisers, Carneys, Sloans, Griegs, and Petrelli’s and their house made six. Three hundred thousand back then could have bought every damn house on the block. Gene opened the lid and using a foot long pair of tongs turned the ribs. He baptized the ribs with more beer before rewarding himself with a long pull.
He wasn’t being fair. He was being theatrical. He was buying things at thirty-five year old prices using current dollars. Gene turned his head toward the drive-way where his little Lincoln was parked. When he laughed, it was short, sharp and bitter. He had imagined that sedan, which he had considered an extravagant reward for successfully getting the girls out of the house, being replaced with four or five 735i BMWs or a couple of Bentleys or…. Gene’s next laugh was so bitter that it stuck in his throat and he needed a swallow of beer to free it.
Instead of sitting on his hands while a third of a million dollars disappeared, instead of buying a Bentley for himself and another for Maryellen, he could have taken the money and pre-paid for four years of assisted living. But, instead of sitting in his Bentley making jokes about mustard, or feeling secure that there would be someone to cut his toenails and clean his butt when he couldn’t, he was standing in the desultory rain, in the gloam, splitting the last of the beer between himself and the ribs and smashing the bottle against the stainless lid and swearing harder than at any time he could remember except for a drunken, sexually frustrating night at a drive-in with an on-again off-again high school tease named Tessie Morran.
Minutes later, a remorseful Gene used his grill brush to sweep together the larger pieces of amber glass.
The ribs were done about an hour before Maryellen’s arrival and fifteen minutes after Khloe awakened from her preternaturally long nap. As often happened after a long nap, Khloe woke up whimpering and releasing fat tears as aimless as the rain itself. Gene had turned the gas down on the grill while he went inside to change his granddaughter and get her a cheese stick. As soon as Khloe was holding the cheese, more as a conductor’s baton than as a source of food, Gene went back outside and watched the ribs sizzle and the rain fall as he held Khloe tight and twice asked her if she loved her Baba.
The ribs were good. Maryellen said so and so did Tisha when she micro-waved three of them after getting home after nine from book club.
As he lay sleepless in bed that night, Gene’s mind roamed between the praise he had received from doing something he did not like to do, the resentment he felt about having his day-time duties with Khloe extended into the evening because Tisha had decided she need the intellectual and social stimulation of a book club, and the over-whelming fear he felt at having a discussion with Maryellen about how dramatically their financial circumstances had changed.
It was past three in the morning when a sleepless Gene Almsson decided, despite any and all protests, that he had to go back to work.
When Khloe went down for her morning nap, Gene began doing the data collection and analysis that would lead to a water tight argument to Dave Spicer, Maryellen and Tisha as to why he should be back on the road. It took him three days to draw up his plan for convincing his former boss that Poultristics, even if, no, not even if, but because of a loss of accounts and drop in revenue, needed him back. Gene considered whether to augment his direct appeal to Dave by igniting a grass roots appeal from his former clients with a series of phone calls and e-mails. To flesh out how the details of the domestic segment of his plan which dealt with day-care, a plan that he knew had to include a substantial subsidy for Tisha, he and Khloe had visited three day-care centers on the previous day. Gene recognized that the trickiest part of his plan was its justification. He needed to make Maryellen understand that it was imperative that he supplement their income and assets without letting her know just how much harm had been done to their future.
Unlike the thousands of presentations he had conducted in corporate and convention conference rooms, when Gene made his presentation to Maryellen, he was not bulwarked by a podium nor armed with an overhead or Power Point slides. Instead, he was separated from his audience by three feet of rock maple kitchen table and nothing more than under-rehearsed words and an overwhelming desire to escape the multiple dangers, boredoms and exasperations of his current life on The Ant Farm.
The reason that Gene was making his presentation before it had been honed was because Ms. Allie Kleison, the director of the Happy Ours Learning Center, had left a message on the Almsson’s phone that an opening in the toddler room might be occurring even sooner than she had told him during their interview. Even as he stumbled his way through why he, they, needed for him to be back on the road, Gene was berating himself for not listening to the message when he saw the indicator light flashing. He certainly had noticed the light when Khloe and he had returned from grocery shopping, but Gene’s experience was that, invariably, messages on the machine were for Maryellen or Tisha.
Later, Gene stayed mum when Tisha questioned him as to how he could possibly think of looking at day care when it already was so obvious that Khloe had suffered enough separation anxiety from leaving her home and erstwhile, but not totally absent, father back in Philadelphia. Didn’t he know that most daycare centers had incredibly high staff turnover because of the demeaning pay and the extraordinarily demanding work? How could he even think of adding to the separation anxiety that she already was experiencing? For once, just for once, couldn’t he find it in himself to do what was right for a child rather than himself?
Afraid to have it out with Tisha, Gene had confined his rebuttal to Maryellen.
“Khloe’s best interest? Like moving her out of her home? Away from her father? Away from her hometown? Like moving here and turning her care over to the least apt and oldest member of the family? Like having her mother work all day? Like having her mother not coming home at night so she can drink with people she hadn’t said a word to since high school? Like taking some of the limited time she might have for Khloe and using it to discuss books and discuss them with other women who probably should be home with their children? Were any or all of these decisions in Khloe’s best interest? If they weren’t, then, why did the decision get made? And if those decisions were in her best interest, then, how can having Khloe’s grandfather be gone a few days a week be any different if it’s in her best interest to have a father gone all the time and a mother and grandmother being mostly absent during her waking hours?”
That tirade gave Gene a fleeting pleasure, but it did nothing to advance his plan for his escape. Over the rest of the week and especially into the weekend, Gene and Maryellen and Gene and Tisha exchanged quick barbs and silent recriminations. Although all three combatants took care to conduct their skirmishes when Khloe wasn’t present, Gene was sure that Khloe’s ill temper and nearly non-stop squabbling with all of the adults as well as frequent thrashings of Runaway Bunny and Tigger was because she could perceive the tension. Something not much bigger than a turkey, with a cry that would shame a rooster, a small animal whose behavior could not be easily described nor predicted, a little animal who could not be easily fit into a chart or graph, was resurrecting The Ant Farm. And that resurrection coupled to the loss of so much money was rekindling Gene dreams.
As the grandfather thought about his only granddaughter he dragged a hand across the salt and pepper stubble on his chin. Back and forth. Back and forth. As rhythmically as a metronome. Gene had always done a lot of chin rubbing. Staring down at the dregs of a bad cup of diner coffee in a thick white mug. Looking for an insight to rise up from a patch of flecked laminate countertop designed to hide whether it was dirty or clean. Pondering his pitch In front of a too well-lighted motel mirror. Prior to answering a question posed by one of a hundred shadowy figures seated in an overly warm auditorium at a conference. In pajamas, staring down at a glowing laptop balanced on his drawn up knees. Like a genie’s lamp, Gene often had rubbed his chin and, frequently over the years, something wonderful had appeared—most often, second and third order data linkages that would help Americans eat chicken cheaply while producers made money.
Gene’s chin rubbing remained the same—from halfway up his jawbone down to his chin and then the return trip, but his focus changed from his granddaughter to chickens. Even though Gene had been out of his job for eighteen months, and even though e-mails and phone calls from old clients had been infrequent, he didn’t feel like he had left his friends or the industry itself behind. He had kept up. He knew 2008 was going to be a disaster and 2009 would be worse. He knew that using what should be feed for chickens to make ethanol and rising oil prices had caused the best efforts of the tens of thousands of workers in the industry to lose three cents for each and every pound of chicken produced. Gene thought of all that work added and all that money subtracted and he wanted to pull out his Dopp kit, roll some shirts, ball some socks and go save the world.
Gene stretched his head back until he was looking at the ceiling. He stared at an eight inch scar his ineptitude at feathering joint compound had left on a sheet rock seam more than twenty years before. He used the knuckles of his right hand to push his chin up until he heard two pops at the top of his spine.
Khloe had been asleep for just over two hours and Gene had taken advantage of her nap time, as he had done for the last four days, to analyze information he had previously culled from back issues of Poultry World and Canadian Poultry as well as more than a dozen sites from the internet including USDA and state Departments of Agriculture. He had looked at grain harvest projections and rainfall, interest rate futures, breeder capacity, but, despite his best efforts, he hadn’t been able to come up with a narrative that seemed uniquely insightful, a narrative that would pull Dave Spicer out of his seat. The job seeker’s plan had been to take publicly available data and curry it enough that he could take it to his former boss at Poultristics to remind him of how good Big Bear Almsson could be when he had real data—the proprietary data that Poultristics collected. But, even if he couldn’t take what he had access to and make a story that would compel Dave’s attention, Gene knew that he still had to make his pitch. He had to get away.

When Gene arrived at the two story limestone building that housed Poultristics and a busy orthodontics practice, he took a deep breath and settled his shoulders like a soldier might prior to receiving a commendation. As he had projected, Estella started in surprise as he pushed his way through the smoked glass doors. She immediately broke into her toothy, lipstick stained smile.
Gene grinned back, “Long time.”
“No see.”
“You keeping everyone on track?”
“Like always…except for you. Dave know you’re here?”
“Thought I’d surprise him.”
Estella cocked her head as if to bring Gene into better focus. She made a little circle with her hand. “This should do it. Let me see if he’s busy.” As one of Estella’s blunt fingers moved toward the phone console, Gene tapped it.
“Let’s not spoil it.”
When Estella shrugged, a billow of frizzy red hair rose and fell like a cloud of dust.
“You’re the guest.”
“Warhorse,” said Gene as he moved around Estella’s desk and started down the beige hallway decorated with lithographs of important chicken breeder stock. The door to Dave Spicer’s office was open. Gene settled his shoulders a second time before moving into its frame.
Dave Spicer’s back was to his desk and his long narrow head and narrow shoulders were hunched over one of three keyboards on the credenza behind him.
“Reporting for duty, sir.”
It seemed to Gene that Dave delayed for a second before spinning around in his chair. As Gene walked in the room, Dave uncurled himself from his chair, took two steps around the desk and gave his former employee a handshake, a familiar handshake that in Gene’s opinion was never one of Dave’s strong points. Dave took a minute to look Gene over before saying, “The golden years. How are they?”
Gene laughed, “Fool’s gold. It’s hard to enjoy retirement when my friends are battling the forces of evil.”
“I suppose those forces include immigration, ethanol and credit policies?”
Gene laughed again, “And, obviously, some major capacity issues.” After unconsciously hunching his shoulders like Dave, Gene stuck out his chin, in a way that resembled a hungry turtle’s and spread his feet in what he thought as his “I’m there for you" stance.”
“How are you, Dave? And it?”
“I’m fine, but it’s definitely a little more complicated. A lot of what’s hitting the industry is exogenous—banks and bureaucrats. Stuff better left to the Poultry Council to try to change or contain. Short term, tactical improvement in a producer’s cost structure still has to come from us, but it gets a lot harder for a producer to cut a check to us, even when he knows we can help, when he hasn’t got enough money to pay for feed and water.”
“Anything I can do to help?”
Since Gene had planned and practiced his pitch for hours, he was horrified to hear himself ask a question that could be answered with a no. Although Dave’s eyes drifted off to where his citations and diplomas covered most of the far wall, as if in thought, Gene thought that his, “Thanks so much, but no, probably not,” came too quickly.
Kicking himself for blowing a close when he hadn’t even made his pitch, Gene took his time sitting down to collect his thoughts. It took several second, but, finally, Dave sat back down, too. Once he was down, Gene tried to make the best of it. Three jokes, a little gossip, his narrative of the industry, his pitch and it was almost an hour later before Gene stood up to go. In that hour both men had gotten more resentment than satisfaction; however Gene did leave with some hope.

* * *

Fair is fair. That thought had come to Gene many times over the three days that followed his meeting with Dave Spicer. He had done a lot for Dave Spicer and Poultristics. He was only asking for a little back. Over the years Gene had learned that in sales you took what you could get. If you couldn’t get a corporate door to swing wide in welcome, then, at least at first, you settled for getting it wedged open a crack. As Gene constructed Duplo towers and Khloe destroyed them, Rome versus the Visigoths, he pondered whether he could convince Dave Spicer to let him go to Atlanta for the IPE under the Poultristics umbrella.
C’mon, Dave. Meet, greet, eat, beat. No big deal.
Gene figured it might cost him fifteen hundred, maybe twelve if he was really, careful to go. And, what would he get in return? See the Perdue folks, the guys at Allens and Double P. Shake some hands, pat some backs, pop a few peanuts and a couple of iced teas and talk turkey and chickens and how to save the poultry industry one more time.
When Dave took Gene’s call his response wasn’t really language—pauses, mumbles, the first couple of letters of some never finished words, more pauses.
After Gene put down the phone he thought he would have been much better off if he had e-mailed. It was much harder to hem-haw in an e-mail. Obfuscate, yes. Hem-haw, no.
Dave hadn’t said that he couldn’t, or shouldn’t, go to Atlanta for the convention, but he made it clear that Gene couldn’t go under the aegis of Poultristics. And, Gene knew that without access to Poultristics data, he couldn’t have an insight that a hundred other people couldn’t just as easily have. No Poultristics data, no insight. No insight, no money. No money, no reason to go…except to get away from what was turning back into an ant farm.
Gene thought of all the changes over the last year. New noises in the night. Weird foods in the fridge. Little things, some obviously Khloe’s, but some other’s obviously, and uncomfortably, Tisha’s hanging on the towel racks in what he thought of as his bathroom. Schedules shot to hell.
God, he needed to get away.
Gene’s hand strayed toward the phone. He wanted to call Dave back. Not to plead, but to make a better case. He had been around the industry for more than twenty-five years. He had seen these troughs before. Sure, he hadn’t had a direct touch in eighteen months, but, c’mon, Dave, damnit, that didn’t mean that he didn’t know what was going on. He still read the newsletters and journals. He still knew who was moving jobs and why. He still had the chicken industry in his bones.
His fingertips tapped a tune at the base of the phone, but Gene didn’t dial. Instead, he put an incensed Khloe in her bed and went down to the basement to move a load of darks from the washer to the dryer. As he untangled the knots of cloth, he tried to estimate what effect Tisha’s moving had had on the household volume of laundry. He guessed that Tisha herself tripled the weekly throughput of darks. With Khloe it wasn’t volume as much as the sheer number of items that was impressive. Tisha’s laundry used up a lot of water, detergent and electricity. Khloe’s laundry used up time. Given that he had more free time than discretionary income, Gene was surprised that he resented doing Khloe’s laundry more than her mother’s. Deciding that the small, vengeful delight he would get from leaving Tisha’s clothes to wrinkle in the dryer after the cycle was complete was worth her suppressed anger, Gene packed a sip cup of apple juice, a zip bag of whole wheat animal cracker—that was a snack no one had to hide—scooped Khloe from her crib where she was entertaining her toes, installed her in her harnesses and drove to Leeslip Park.

Gene stood in front of his side of the mirror which hung above the twin bowl vanity. He was in his pajamas. His teeth were flossed and brushed. He’d gargled. He’d taken a steamy washcloth and held it to his face until it cooled. One of the few benefits he recognized from being home was that the washcloths and towels that Maryellen bought were both larger and thicker than what he commonly had found in bathrooms back when he was on the road. Gene held the forgotten washcloth in his left hand as he stared at his face in the mirror. He looked drained and he felt drained. He had had Khloe all day. Fourteen hours and twenty-five minutes. Tisha had gone for dinner after work with a woman she had gone to Bugle Hill High School with and hadn’t seen since until they ran into one another at CVS. Maryellen had taken part of a day to see her Aunt Mil, her mother’s youngest sister, who, even after two months, was not graciously settling into the routines and requirements of the assisted living center south of Bowling Green where she was in residence. He had heard a non-negotiable no from Dave Spicer that afternoon after Gene had made his third, and most desperate, phone call.
Khloe had been absolutely wonderful and he was still exhausted. She had napped when he put her down. Ate what he put on her plate. Sang, patty-caked. Eschewed any death-defying feats. But…. Still…. Unending questions.
Gene shook his head at the mirror. A caregiver’s torture. Death by a thousand questions. But, when he thought about it, it wasn’t really the questions…or, at least, so much the questions. Lots of Khloe’s questions needed no more than a yes or no. Others were obviously rhetorical and only called for a ‘hmmm.’ It was the non sequitors. Questions that seemed to be produced from a verbal device that worked on the same principles as a random number generator. Except that they hung in the air. Unanswerable.
Unanswerable. Unanswered.
In almost thirty years on the road, Gene had gotten good at a number of things. Packing. Unpacking. Getting in, through and out of airports, car rental agencies, motels and restaurants. He knew how to get upgrades on cars, planes and rooms. He also knew how to listen. Even better, he knew how to look like he was listening hard. Eyes wide open, but with crinkled skin at the corners. An anticipatory half-smile or frown, depending on context. Head tipped forward in order not to miss a single word. Slightly nodding. Encouraging. It wasn’t infrequent that Gene had to listen to a story, but most of the time what Gene was listening to was a question and, usually, it was a question that he had heard before. Since answering questions was the essence of what Gene did and what he was paid for, he had gotten very good at it. Clients asked and Gene answered. Sometimes with data, sometimes with an anecdote. Other times, with a homily. Gene Almsson made money because he knew what to say and when and how to say it whether it was good news, bad news or no news.
But, not with Khloe. Nods weren’t enough and real answers weren’t possible.
Gene had thought about buying a clicker like attendants used to have at small venue ball games to count the customers. He was sure that a day’s worth of Khloe’s questions would be over one hundred and probably more than two hundred. When Gene had complained to Maryellen about how frustrating the questions were, she had no sympathy. She told him that they weren’t really questions. Instead, they were a primitive method of making conversation. Most kids wanted both to say words and hear words. Questions, especially why and what, fulfilled those desires. She recommended that Gene ignore them.
As he lay sleepless in bed two hours after receiving Maryellen’s advice, Gene had images of himself sitting in a thinly padded hotel conference room chair while someone standing behind a podium refused to answer a fourth, fifth, forty-fifth question. He couldn’t do it.
A question deserved an answer.
More than an hour later, still unable to sleep, Gene began to wonder if one of the reasons that Tisha seemed so needy was because Maryellen had not answered her questions when she was little. Gene tried to let himself drift back. After all, he had been home almost every night and all weekend until Tisha was six. What had he done? Answered or ignored?
Gene’s calves started to ache. Being careful not to disturb Maryellen, he curled his toes back toward his head. Even after his calf muscles loosened and the pain drifted away, Gene couldn’t conjure up any memories to answer his own questions, but he easily could remember the Ouachita Mountain paintings that punctuated the long second floor hallway, like widely spaced stamps on a business envelope, of the Kuality Inn north of Russelville, Arkansas, just off I-40. He could recall the Notso Po’ Boy clam shack on the edge of Georgetown, Delaware that toasted the bun for a fried oyster po’boy and criss-crossed two olives on toothpicks to look like rabbit ears. The image of that sandwich was as clear as a slide. He could easily call to mind Myriam’s tousled hair, even though that was hair he hadn’t had much time to think about since Khloe had come along. But memories of how he had responded to Tisha’s questions, or those of Adele, or Lora were gone.
When Gene finally fell asleep, it was less rest and more relief.

Gene barked, “No!” Khloe barked, “Yes!” Josephine just barked.
Gene had been busy trying to get minced garlic, pepper and crushed rosemary to stick to a Worcestershire coated pork loin. Khloe had been sitting in a tiny yellow plastic chair alternating between feeding Cheerios to herself and a small stuffed bear with the improbable name of Brussels Sprout. Josephine had been trying to figure out the correct answer to a complicated equation that involved the low probability but high reward factor of her master dropping some of whatever he was working on that smelled so good and the high probability but low reward factor of the 97,183rd through 97,207th Cheerio being dropped on the floor by her competition. After a dozen trips between Gene’s legs and Khloe’s chair, Josephine had begun to moan in frustration, in a way similar to a mediocre student taking an AP calculus exam, at the difficulty of the problems she was asking to be solved. Finally to stop the torture and the noise, Gene reached into the cupboard under the sink, got a dog biscuit and handed it to Khloe.
“Make her sit.”
Gene went back to his dinner preparation, listened to Khloe’s commands, but didn’t turn back until Josephine’s moans turned to frantic barks.
Khloe was munching the ersatz bone while offering the remnants of her cereal bowl to Josephine.
“No!”
“Yes!”
“Bark!”
When Gene reached his hand out for the biscuit, Khloe clutched it tightly to her chest like a poultice to a wound. Gene held his ground and Khloe’s eyes for a long moment before stepping forward and thrusting his hand even closer to the little girl. Khloe dropped her head, twisted sideways and when she spun back around her cheeks were maximally distended. Gene admitted defeat by going back to the cupboard and getting two biscuits for Josephine and one more for Khloe.
On Friday as he slowly pushed Khloe up and down the aisles of Ladd’s hoping that Myriam might show before he felt compelled to check out, Gene bought two boxes of dog biscuits. When Khloe saw what her Baba was putting in their cart her eyes flashed electric like a meth freak spotting white powder in a Ziploc bag.

Gene turned the oven light on so that he could monitor the progress of the cake he was baking. Khloe, after a battle that had been triggered by her surety that an appropriate second birthday present was to do away with all discipline, had finally gone down for her nap. As soon as he could hear her sonorous breathing on the baby monitor, Gene had begun to make her cake. It wasn’t the first boxed cake that the cook had ever baked, nor, the second, nor third; however it was the first time that he had done so without using the electric beater. When the stand-based mixer that he had given to Maryellen for a Christmas present finally had died after more than twenty years of exemplary service, Maryellen had replaced it with a small portable mixer. Until he had retired Gene had had no direct experience with the new beater other than to be aware that it seemed to be about five times louder than the bigger machine it replaced. The high-pitched whine it made before it even began to do its work had given him the idea that the mixer was more toy than tool; however he had been pleasantly surprised at its power the first time that he had used it to make mashed potatoes to accompany a chicken he had roasted. Gene had an even greater appreciation for the machine’s power today after beating the chocolate cake mix with a spoon to avoid the possibility of waking Khloe with the mixer’s whine.
Hand beating was much quieter, but it also took a lot more energy, which Gene was feeling in his wrist and shoulders. More importantly, hand beating took time and Gene was beginning to think that Khloe would wake before the cake was baked, cooled, frosted and decorated with two pink candles set within a Druid’s circle of Hershey kisses.
Gene hunched down onto his knees the better to see the progress of his efforts. His hand vacillated in front of the oven door’s handle. Tapping into some very old memories of his grandmother’s cautionary tales to his mother, made less refutable because in those ancient days oven doors didn’t have windows, Gene had a preternatural fear that an ill-timed opening of an oven door could cause a cake to fall. Gene wasn’t sure, in fact never had been sure, as to what the downside to a fallen cake might be, but he was sure that he didn’t want it happen on Khloe’s second birthday, especially since Khloe’s absent father Andy was driving up from Philadelphia to celebrate.
Over the last ten months Tisha had taken Khloe to see her dad twice—Easter and over Fourth of July. When Tisha had announced over dinner two weeks before that Andy and she had been texting and Facebooking back and forth and getting along so well that she had invited him to drive up for Khloe’s birthday, Gene and Maryellen had exchanged a look that seemed to Gene that for the first time in a long time he and his wife were having the same feeling at the same time.
Even if Andy hadn’t been coming, Gene would have been concerned that he produce a birthday cake that would exceed his granddaughter’s and, more importantly, his wife and daughter’s expectations. However, Andy’s presence added to Gene’s competitive urges. He wanted to demonstrate to his estranged, but not yet ex-son-in-law, that the life Khloe was living in Runesburg, Ohio, a life mostly constructed, guided and guarded by her grandfather, was superior to what she would have had in Philadelphia. The problem was time. Opening the door too early to test for doneness might cause the cake to fall. But, if he waited too long, the cake might not be cool enough when he frosted it. An impatient Gene had done that with his second cake and he did not want to replicate that structural disaster. However, if he waited until the cake was cool, Khloe might already have awakened from her nap and the surprise would be spoiled if he had to frost it in front of her. Gene took another look through the oven door, checked the minutes remaining on the timer, listened intently to Khloe’s monitored breathing, processed the data, then, wavered for a few seconds before cranking up the temperature by twenty-five degrees and resetting the clock from thirty-four minutes down to twenty-five.
When the timer registered eight minutes remaining, Gene began removing his extensive inventory of chicken parts and boxed vegetables from the freezer. After Gene turned off the timer ten seconds before it was going to buzz, he gently opened the door, stuck a toothpick in the cake and inspected the results with the concentration of a nurse reading a thermometer in a preemie ward. Confident that the cake was done, Gene put on his oven mitts and carefully transferred the four layers to the space he had made in the freezer for accelerated cooling.
When Gene first had met Andy Falsonni, he had felt sorry for him. Tisha’s boyfriend seemed to be too soft to be able to withstand what Gene perceived as his oldest daughter’s abrasive nature. Gene saw it as sandstone coming into contact with granite. After a while the outcome of that confluence was foregone. There would be granite and there would be sand. It took Gene a couple of years to realize that Andy might not get worn away quite as quickly as he had supposed. The cause of that change wasn’t some adamantine quality that Gene had mis-measured or overlooked. Instead, it was that Gene came to understand how skilled Andy was in knowing how and when to withdraw from contact. If there was no contact, there could be no friction. It seemed to Gene when they had visited Tisha and Andy before they were married that moments of tension were soon followed by a need for Andy to go to his office. Andy was an assistant property manager for WPD, A Philadelphia-based company, which managed a dozen downtown office buildings. Andy made clear that a building’s problems couldn’t always be forecast. When an emergency occurred, Andy was a designated first responder. But, as Andy kept explaining to the Almsson family, the erratic schedule was just for now, not forever. To Gene what Andy was doing seemed a familiar, useful and time-honored technique. Gene studied his daughter’s husband to be and wavered between admiring his tactical wisdom and denigrating his cowardice.
It wasn’t until Andy and Tisha came to Runesburg for their wedding that Gene began to have a different take on Andy. Over those four days Leonardo and Karen Falsonni treated Andy like a golden boy and Andy’s brother, Anthony, like a private joke. It seemed to Gene that Andy thought that his parents were right on both counts.
Now, tonight, the night of Khloe’s birthday party, any doubts about Andy Falsonni’s place in the hierarchy of his world had been put to rest.
Andy and Tisha had been living apart for eleven months. In that time, as far as Gene knew, Andy hadn’t given Tisha more than two thousand dollars, which worked out to about six dollars a day. Andy’s excuse was not that he didn’t want to contribute to the upkeep of his wife and the welfare of his daughter; it was just that he couldn’t. Just because Tisha and Khloe were gone didn’t mean that the Philly overhead had shrunk that much. Sure, food costs were less and he was spending a little less on utilities, but other than that their expenses were about the same. Andy had argued that until the divorce was final and the court had decided what was fair, it didn’t make much sense to make any big changes.
Any notion Gene might have had about the precarious nature of Andy’s economic welfare disappeared when Tisha called to say that she wouldn’t be home on time because Andy’s plane was going to be about an hour late. Gene was astounded. He had just assumed that Andy would make the eight hour drive to Toledo. The idea that he would fly between the two cities at a cost per mile that Gene knew was one of the highest in the country, while crying poor, was unconscionable. Gene estimated flying from Philly to Chicago and backtracking to Toledo probably had taken Andy more time than if he had driven and had to have cost five times as much. Jesus.
By the time Andy finally arrived, Gene had departed, at least the Gene who was the welcoming host. Gene had held the birthday dinner—a Khloe favorite of macaroni and cheese accompanied by a bowl of pitted ripe olives—until Tisha and Andy arrived, but he had his Hail Fellow, Well Met transmissions dialed down to less than a murmur. Andy got a knife, fork and spoon, a heaping plate, a napkin and a glass of wine, but no bonhomie.
When it was time to light the candles, Gene’s anger swelled when Tisha jumped up to do the honors with Andy right behind. Maryellen dimmed the lights, Khloe spread her arms apart like a cymbal player anticipating the finale of a Sousa march and Gene watched gimlet-eyed as the cake, his cake, was triumphantly presented by the chummy tag team of Tisha and Andy each holding an edge of the platter. When Maryellen began to sing, Gene came in late because he had to swallow a prune-sized aggregate of anger and jealousy before being able to join in the festivities.
Khloe ate frosting and smashed and smeared cake. Andy gushed. Tisha took photos. Maryellen bussed dishes. Gene fumed.
“I baked the damn cake. I should have been the one who….”
Maryellen waved off Gene’s whispered words with the hairbrush she had been pulling through her hair.
“They’re her parents.”
“When? On her birthday and Christmas? The rest of the time they seem to want someone else to stand in.”
“Leave it alone, Gene. Please. He’s only here for two days. Let’s try to keep it pleasant. Tisha told me that things have been going better between them.”
“What does that mean? How do things get better when you don’t see each other for six months?”
“No, quite four. She drove down over the Fourth.”
“Same thing.”
“They Skype with the web cam.”
“That’s not the same as being in a room with one another.”
Maryellen pointed her brush at Gene as if it were a pistol.
“No Gene. Believe me, I know that. Talking on the phone is not the same thing as being in the same room with someone.”
Gene wasn’t eager to explore what Maryellen meant by that.
“Well, now they are together in the same bedroom.”
“They’re married.”
“They’re getting a divorce.”
“I’m tired, Gene. Thanks for baking Khloe’s cake. It looked wonderful.”
Rather than accept Maryellen’s compliment, which Gene interpreted as more ploy than praise, he said, “It was canned frosting.”
“It didn’t seem to hold her back much. That was quite a crash. I don’t remember the girls being that sensitive to sugar.”
Gene murmured his assent, but said nothing about the tablespoons of instant coffee he had beaten into the frosting. As his thoughts wandered as he awaited sleep, something that was getting harder to come by as the stock market continued to spiral downward, Gene wondered how much of his motivation to caffeinate Khloe had come from the assumption that her erstwhile, part-time parents would be her caregivers that night and how much from taking action to keep Andy from thinking that he was missing some very good times with his daughter.
Gene had been trying to keep himself from recognizing the change, but it was becoming harder to ignore that, if not day to day, but maybe week to week and surely month to month, that Khloe was becoming more…Gene fumbled for a neutral word…more interesting to him. Less babbling, more talk, a sly sense of humor, a greater ability to entertain herself and him, and, mostly, an eager-eyed, open-armed enjoyment of being with her Baba were changing the dynamics of the relationship.

Andy’s visit had left Gene feeling like he had over-taxed a well pump and done it some serious harm. As he stood by the edge of the sleeping Khloe’s crib Gene wondered just how much he had worn himself out showing Andy how he was such a wonderful care-giver and just how happy he was to be retired so that he could spend this critical formative stage with such a sweet, bright loving girl. In the days after Andy had returned to Philadelphia as the stock market continued its ever more dramatic slide, Gene began to lose hope that the motor would repair itself. It was excruciatingly difficult for Gene to comprehend how a year's worth of savings could disappear in a day’s worth of some stranger’s trading. How could Pfizer and Microsoft, Intel, Merck, Citi, IBM, GE and GM, all be considered to have the same seemingly hopeless future? Gene had been used to the price of feed, fuel, water, labor and the chickens themselves fluctuating, but none of those factors had ever moved with the scope, speed and volatility that was now going on in the stock market. When Gene thought of the drama in the markets that was occurring because someone somewhere decided that it made sense to let Lehman Brothers fail after having bailed out numerous other troubled businesses, the image that filled his mind’s eye was of the collapse of the World Trade Towers. The theatricality of that disaster was such that Gene, who did not watch television, had watched the accordion-like destruction over and over again from a hotel room in Greeley, Colorado. The disintegration had been so mesmerizingly absurd and complete that he had been compelled to view it, then, immediately, view it again. Now, he found that the drama in the stock market, though not so quick to unfold as the towers, was having an equally profound effect on him. The destruction of his financial assets, which had been intended to last him and Maryellen until their deaths, was as compelling as 911. Six, eight, ten times a day, Gene was drawn to his laptop to check the balances in his accounts. Each time, as those balances grew smaller, Gene felt an excruciating but somehow satisfying pain. That curious feeling was caught up with knowing that while his financial future was eroding, so, too, was Maryellen’s present. Gene had not asked his wife and tenant how things were going. The fact that the first of October had gone by without a rent check coming his way said it all.
Gene’s thoughts turned to Tisha. According to her cryptic answers, her job was going well. Gene wasn’t sure how to feel about that. Although he had come to loathe Andy, there had been moments during his son-in-law’s recent visit, especially on the second night when Tisha and Andy spent the night in the same room, when Gene had wondered if Maryellen might be right, that there was a possibility of reconciliation. When Gene considered that possibility, he was surprised that he wasn’t more excited. If Andy and Tisha got back together, then, his own life would be better…wouldn’t it? Gene shook off his doubt. There could be no doubt about that. It would be better…emptier…but better.
Watching the bellows of Khloe’s chest rise and fall as he waited for her to wake from her nap, Gene stood flummoxed as he considered just how many ways his life, the Almsson’s lives, and the life of the country had gone to hell. All of those days on the road saying and doing the right thing. Had he been living in a dream world? Wouldn’t he have been better off if he had done some of those things that sometimes niggled at his conscience? The thing with the waitress in Little Rock? That thing with his expense account? Wouldn’t he feel better now, even if he were experiencing the same level of financial loss, if he could look back and know that he had cut a few corners, took a little more than was his due, stretched some rules and had been rewarded for his daring? Gene riveted his eyes on his granddaughter as if doing so would lead him to understand what he should feel.
Tisha and Andy were not divorced. It had been almost a year since Tisha and Khloe had moved out of their home, but, as far as Gene knew, neither Andy nor Tisha had taken any steps to move past their separation. He and Maryellen were providing financial resources they didn’t have so that Tisha could dither along in her life. If her job was going so damn well, then, why didn’t she offer money to her hosts? Or, if reimbursing her parents was just too absurd to think about, then why didn’t she take some of her money and rent a place, or buy some day-care, or give it to a divorce lawyer? Gene could feel his heart begin to race as he thought of just how unjust, how unfair and how goddamn irritating it was to know that at the end of the week Tisha had more money than she had the week before and he…and Maryellen…they…they had less. Less.
And, yes, in a way, they…he…had more because of Khloe…but…but…. Gene decided that he didn’t want to think about that. Keep it simple. Dollars and cents. Tisha had more. He had less. He was losing. He had lost his job and, subsequently, had lost most of his friends. Then, Khloe had arrived and he had lost most of his freedom—all of his actions tightly tied to the absurd patterns of a baby’s belly and butt. And, now, because of Slick Willies, liars and thieves, smart guys, inside guys, and a princess daughter and weasel son-in-law, he was losing his money, his retirement, his future.
The rage, a chemical tsunami that swept through Gene, was so frightening that he back-pedaled out of Khloe’s room to insure her safety.

On a balmy November afternoon in Leeslip Park, a day decorated with leftover Halloween spider web clouds tinged with the pulsing orange of a falling sun, Khloe and Josephine were busy playing their favorite sport of trying to antagonize the one another. Gene was watching the feints, faux détentes and skirmishes. Khloe was trying to collect sticks, but as soon as she picked one up, Josephine ran up and either tried to grab it away or generated a leaping, bounding defense to prevent Khloe from bringing her find to her grandfather.
Khloe called out, “Baba,” a name Tisha had taught her after reading “The Kite Runner.” Having already gotten up from his bench seat twice before to rescue her, Gene was content to wave his hand in dismissal as he yelled, “Push her away.”
Khloe increased her pitch and volume and repeated her plea.
Gene called, “Josephine!”
The lab turned to Gene’s voice and hesitated for a second in indecision before turning back to Khloe and her spoils.
Gene left the two combatants to their battles and returned to his thoughts of just what might be wrong with him. He had wakened for the fourth day in a row with no energy. As far back as he could remember, he always had wakened early filled with energy. In truth, one of his hardest adjustments to retired life had been finding ways to use that energy. That was the one small way in which the arrival of Khloe had been welcome. Her unending wants and needs had automatically generated errands, chores, and duties. At first, Gene had diagnosed his malaise as no more than fatigue, the result of too many months of slogging through diurnal chores, a constant duty that often reminded him of trudging through wet, spring snow. Two or three times on that first day, he had stopped what he was doing to take his pulse with the expectation that he would find a suppressed heartbeat. But as nearly as he could remember, the mid-eighties count he got each time was his normal rate. On the second afternoon of this unusual enervation, Gene had discovered himself sitting in his chair, Business Week in his lap, distractedly picking at his cheeks and hair as if he had just come out of a basement draped in spider webs. On the third afternoon when Khloe woke from her nap, Gene listened to her rustles, then, her burbles, next, her forlorn whimpers, and finally her cries of outrage before he could gather the strength to push against the arms of his chair and make his way to the nursery. When the wailing girl, red-faced and rigid-spined, threw her arms toward her Baba, Gene steeled himself against the burden she was about to become. On the fourth morning, Gene stayed in bed for most of an hour after he had wakened, parsed his symptoms, and decided to change his diagnosis from fatigue to depression. Of course, he was depressed. He should have seen it earlier. The bad sleep he had been having since the market had begun its calamitous drop, the changes in his eating habits, the irritability, the lack of enthusiasm, all were indications.
Except for the frequent thoughts of Myriam. There was no lack of enthusiasm there.
Gene wondered if it were possible to be depressed simultaneously with being distracted for hours with fantasies of someone to whom he had not spoken to in almost three months. Later that day he decided that he wasn’t depressed. A wanting heart was causing his symptoms. He was lovelorn.
Lovelorn.
That was the unlikely word that Gene decided described his conditions.
Lovelorn.
It wasn’t a word that he ever could have imagined he would be using about himself.
As soon as Gene settled on his third diagnosis, he began to wonder what it meant and, more importantly, how it could be cured.
Would his symptoms go away if he spent time with Myriam, or would that only make them worse? Gene didn’t know the answer to that question, nor did he know how to get answer. Other than the obvious.
Gene was leaning against the scarred edge of the kiddy slide when it came to him that, even though he had confused being depressed with being lovelorn because their characteristics were so similar, that he should feel, despite the lack of energy and feelings of hopelessness, upbeat. Admittedly, there was something foolish about being infatuated at his age, but also there was something in that utter foolishness to revel in and be proud of—like the first President Bush parachuting out of a plane when he turned eighty. To give more attention to his own thoughts, Gene stopped forbidding and began to encourage Khloe to climb the slide from the bottom. As she climbed up and slid back down, he added, subtracted and re-combined details of his own rebellion.
What if Myriam responded to him? What if she would go to lunch with him, where would they, should they, could they go? What if she gave him a special smile, would he be able to recognize it? If she wanted him to kiss her, would he be able to read that cue? And, more importantly, would he kiss her? Or, what if she did something and he interpreted it as some kind of willingness and it was nothing of the kind? How could he endure that humiliation, born of ignorance, naiveté or ineptitude?
Gene leaned against the slide and vaguely watched Khloe try different approaches to crawling up the slide and wondered just what he would do if he were given the opportunity to be with Myriam. Would he chance losing his marriage? Could he leap from where he was to someplace new, someplace full of energy, excitement, and promise?
Gene continued to watch his granddaughter, but without recording the danger as Khloe wedged her feet against one side of the slide and with her hands on the other side began working her way up the chute. Khloe was just one handhold shy of triumph when her toes lost their purchase and she came tumbling down. Jolted out of his reverie, Gene lurched forward and just managed to get a hold on the collar of the two year old’s coat as she flew off the end of the slide. With much of his mind refusing to let go of what he had been considering, a blank-faced Gene held Khloe at his side like an exhausted traveler carrying his luggage through customs. It took a high-pitched vociferous protest before Gene came to and gently lowered his granddaughter to the ground.

When Gene’s ills finally led him to a doctor early on a Saturday morning, he expected he would be leaving the walk-in clinic with a script for some kind of anti-depressant. Instead, the harried physician, a gray-faced man whose tag identified him as Dr. Lamforce, insisted that Gene’s blood pressure was so high that he should go straight from the doctor’s office to the hospital for tests. Gene was as insistent that he wasn’t a hospital person. In the seven minutes allotted to him, Gene tried to explain that it wasn’t really a health situation. It was a house situation. Gene told the physician about The Ant Farm. He explained that if he were to be out of the house, even if only for a couple of days a week, he was sure that his blood pressure would drop by fifty points. Dr. Lamforce became animated and more insistent. Gene became just as animated and more insistent, but when he did that, Dr. Lamforce backed off saying that he didn’t want Gene spurting blood out of his eyes and ears because of an argument to which he was partner. Gene, despite being indignant, tried to slow his breathing as a cautionary move, but even if that latter behavior had had any palliative effect, it would only have been short-lived.
When Gene had shown up for his appointment, he had had a clipboard holding a two-sided form and a cheap pen shoved at him through a five inch opening in a sliding glass window that mirrored his idea of an Albanian bureaucracy . After he had filled out the in-take form, Gene had been asked to present his insurance card and, reluctantly, he had. When the administrator had returned his card after copying it, Gene had told her that despite his coverage, he would be paying cash. The woman’s response had given no indication that that would present any problem, but after the exam, as he stood before the half-open window with his wallet out, he was told that she could only run his bill through re-imbursement.
The primary reason Gene had gone to a walk-in clinic two towns away and filled out the mind-numbing questionnaire—how many ways were there to ask how old one was?—was so that Maryellen wouldn’t know. If he had gone to Dr. Negrolloni, who had been dispensing bromides to the Almsson family for more than twenty years, she would soon know. Now, his cautionary acts were being thwarted by a corn-rowed, over-weight, officious, health system junior bureaucrat.
Seething, but speaking quietly in order not to alarm the half-dozen clients spread out in the green and tan waiting room, feeling his temple pulsing, Gene finally snatched back the service code form he had handed over, threw three one-hundred dollar bills on the counter and fled to his car.
Despite his efforts not to think about it, to shove it back into his mind’s recesses, in the days that followed, each time he picked Khloe up Gene held his breath in anticipation of a metabolic catastrophe. The idea of something inside him bursting and spurting fluid, like an over-heated garden hose, wouldn’t leave him.
On the Thursday following his botched physical, Gene sighted Myriam Flagent wandering the young adult fiction aisle of the library as he was hunkered down on a miniature stool reading to Khloe, who had taken a soigné pose on a pile of pillows in the bow of the Story Dory. Gene stopped mid-sentence, looked at Khloe, twisted his neck to see if Myriam was still perusing the shelves, then, using his hands and a smothered groan, pushed himself off the stool. Ignoring the stiffness in his legs, Gene tried to rush toward the archway of the kid’s reading room; however after two steps, he about-faced, bent over and scooped a startled Khloe from her nest. As soon as Khloe was in his arms, Gene considered whether what he was doing might trigger a heart attack. By the time he was next to Myriam, Khloe was ululating, and Gene himself was sweating, panting, and anticipating his immediate demise. All of that, including Khloe’s cries, were swept away by Myriam’s radiant, if somewhat bemused, smile.
Myriam reached a hand out toward Khloe’s cheek.
“Are you kidnapping this darling child?”
Gene, taken aback, instinctively shook his head, caught up to Myriam’s riposte and stuttered, “Nnnooo. Would you like to?”
Myriam inclined her head to study the toddler before stretching out her arms and saying, “Yes. Yes, I believe I would.”
Myriam beamed at Khloe. Khloe beamed back and a beaming Gene, whose simple facial gesture belied a more complex heart, handed Khloe over.
For more than thirty minutes, Myriam read, Khloe listened, and Gene watched. As Myriam inflected words, turned pages and asked questions, Gene pondered Khloe’s immediate bonding with Myriam and Myriam’s obvious comfort and ease with a child that Gene often found difficult. He enjoyed watching Myriam’s care-giving skills, but he was disturbed that Khloe was so easily won over. Although Gene felt short-changed that almost all of Myriam’s attention was given over to Khloe, still he was grateful that he got to be in Myriam’s presence, even if only as a spectator, for so many minutes. He sat on the diminutive stool alongside the boat and pretended to follow the plots as Myriam, enthroned on a mound of pillows with Khloe on her lap, back against chest, read with great drama. Gene smiled widely and nodded gravely at the appropriate moments, but mostly he let his eyes roam from Myriam’s plum-tipped fingertips to the loose gold chain circling her wrist to the small gold stars studding her ears to her denim-covered thighs, as gently curved as an Ohio hill, to the sprays of freckles that kept him awake in the middle of the night. Despite the discipline it took to close his eyes to Myriam, Gene intermittently did so that he could focus on her low, slightly raspy voice. Her words rose and fell, and as they did, Gene’s emotions followed along in their path.
After Myriam left, with a big hug and a large smile for Khloe and a small amused smile and quick tap to Gene’s shoulder, both grandfather and granddaughter were forlorn. Khloe coped by making imperious demands and Gene coped by getting involved with a search and rescue mission to find Khloe’s misplaced mermaid purse.
Gene collected his granddaughter and her belongings and left a library that felt as if it had been deprived of its oxygen source. Outside, the fall sunshine shone, but Gene walked in darkness back to his car and what he knew would be a long agitated afternoon.

Maryellen looked to the back of the store to where JN was dipping a teabag into her ancient Kliban cat mug. What was better? A fight? Or, silence? She’d had a fight the previous night with Gene. Because Tisha was at her book club, Maryellen had given Khloe her bath. Afterward, when Khloe had claimed that she was “tarving,” Maryellen had asked Gene to make her a dish of yogurt and applesauce while she got Khloe into her pajamas. In response, Gene had barked that he was off duty. After she had made Khloe a snack, read her three stories and put her in her crib, Maryellen had found Gene in the family room looking out the window at the moonlight floating over the emptiness of the French beds.
Maryellen looked away from JN to the ball of slubby silk she held in her hand. She began tossing the yarn from one hand to the other, which is how the fight had gone. Back and forth. Why are you angry? Why wouldn’t I be? What are you angry about? Everything. Such as? Can you think of a single area of my life that I shouldn’t be angry about? I don’t know. I do. My job is gone. My freedom’s gone. My house isn’t mine.
Like a tennis match, Maryellen lobbed the yarn from palm to palm. Back and forth. Serve and return. Volley. The match the previous night had continued until Gene had fired his kill-shot—about his tenants being two months in arrears on their rent. After that Maryellen felt that she could do no more than shrug and concede Gene his victory.
For a moment Maryellen held the yarn in her right hand as she looked at JN. She had the idea that if she were to toss something over the net that JN would not even deign to raise a hand. After last night Maryellen had no doubt about how angry Gene was and how much of his anger was directed at her. With JN being silent, calm, polite, stoical, but no longer warm, funny upbeat…or loving, Maryellen had no way of determining how angry her partner was. Maryellen continued tossing the yarn. Should she walk the long length of her beautiful, gleaming, expensive bamboo floor, touch JN’s elbow and ask her what she was thinking? What was better? To ask or not to ask? To hear or not hear? Listen to angry, but truthful, words, or enigmatic, but not that enigmatic, silence?
The Skeins’ Game was the largest, most sophisticated yarn store in Northwest Ohio. And, Northwest Ohio hadn’t fallen off the map, had it? Wasn’t winter coming? Wouldn’t there still be Christmas in Ohio regardless of what happened to some bank or brokerage firm in New York? Weren’t babies still being born? Didn’t mothers and grandmothers still need to make afghans? Where were those people? The amount of yarn they had sold in the previous week could have fit in Gene’s briefcase. The store had been open for forty-eight hours and they had sold just over three hundred dollars of merchandise. Was JN thinking about that? More importantly, whatever she might be thinking, how different would her thoughts be if they hadn’t expanded the store? Maryellen felt like she was on the verge of losing control of her lip and cheek muscles. If the store had stayed small, if JN had won out a year ago rather than she, and these same hard times had come, wouldn’t it have brought them closer? Wouldn’t they have sought each other’s comfort? Wouldn’t they have shared black thoughts and laughed black laughs? If Maryellen had not gotten her way with the store, would she have gotten….
Maryellen looked at JN tapping a finger against her mug. She wanted to rush over and comfort her, but how could she comfort when she was the cause? She couldn’t comfort JN, nor be comforted by her. Maryellen Almsson was feeling very much alone.

Gene was slicing the breast of a rosemary-infused roast chicken, which meant that he might have been distracted, when he started to ask a question about whether Lora might be coming to Thanksgiving dinner, and Lora’s name would not come to him. Perplexed, like a shopper after her favorite store has been re-arranged, Gene paused mid-slice, waited, fought off a growing panic, withdrew the knife and fork and waved them in encouragement, waited, made a noise like a cushion being sat on, and, finally, resumed cutting as he murmured, “You know. Tisha’s sister.”
When Gene glanced up, it was to see the most complex emotion he could ever remember seeing on Maryellen’s face. Horror, sadness, anger and total bafflement. In a voice made husky from the control she was trying to exert over her emotions, Maryellen whispered, “Lora.” Tisha, who had been busy force-feeding Khloe mashed potatoes, an exercise that resembled an extrusion machine gone haywire, seemed to have misread the significance, if any, of what had just transpired. When Gene started to say something—as he thought about it later, he wondered if his face conveyed the idea that he was going to make a joke of it—Maryellen touched a finger to her lips and slightly shook her head. Gene complied with her wishes.
During the rest of the meal, as Tisha injected and Khloe ejected mashed potatoes, Gene tried to undo the effect recorded on Maryellen’s face by telling stories and relaying household news with a great amount of detail paid to names, dates and costs. The adrenalin rushing through his body seemed to give him easy access to what could be supposed to be arcane information, but despite the display of his mental prowess, neither Maryellen, nor Gene, were reassured.
After dinner was over and the dishes done, Gene said he was going to the library to look for something new to read. He masked his relief when Maryellen, with a half-smile riding atop the slightest of shrugs, said that she’d stay home.
Gene sat in his Lincoln under the yellow vapors of the library’s parking lot lights and pondered a different kind of death than he usually considered. Over the years in motel rooms after a day’s near miss on a narrow Arkansas country road or belted in on a late night flight being buffeted by a lightning rich spring storm, Gene had imagined his death as being gone. An absence. To regain his sense of equilibrium, after having those thoughts, he would spin tales of how his absence would change outcomes for his family, company and clients. Other times, when he was feeling bolder, he would allow himself to explore the indefinite terror of not being. In the way he imagined his death, it was less his death than the death of the world. He imagined that he would be somewhere but he wouldn’t be in this world. All the miles he had traveled and all the words he had said and heard, all would be a prelude to a place where they might not be wanted or used. In either case, the focal point of his black musings had been premised on a physical absence. Now, sitting in his car and staring at a jaundiced landscape made murkier by his tears, he was contemplating a presence when he was absent, or, if he might have it wrong, an absence where he was present. It seemed unfathomable to Gene that he might be seated in a chair in his dining room with Maryellen offering him a tissue so that he might wipe away the remnants of a sneeze and that he would not be cognizant of the room, or the chair, might not have any idea that the form rising before him was a human being, let along his wife of forty years, that he might not understand that it was his own body that had made the sneeze, nor be able to fathom what a tissue might be nor what purpose it possibly could serve.
Gene pushed the heels of his hands against his eyes as if their pressure, like tourniquets, could stem the flow. Less than a month before, he had self-diagnosed himself with depression, then, after re-examining the symptoms, he had proscribed himself love-lorn. A week later, Dr. …, in the close cool air of the car, Gene swore when he realized that he couldn’t remember the doctor’s name, Mal… something. Malforce. Malfort. Something. But, if he didn’t remember the name, he certainly could remember the diagnosis. The pressure in Gene’s arteries was trying to kill him.
Although Gene had discounted the doctor’s advice while in his office and had failed to act on his recommendations, he had not totally dismissed the diagnosis. In fact, one of the reasons he had considered boiling a fowl rather than baking a roaster was because of his concerns.
Now, sitting in his car, with his eyes doing something so copiously that he supposed it could only be called weeping, Gene wished he had cut the chicken in pieces, dipped them in egg, rolled them in cracker crumbs and fried them in bacon fat. It seemed to him that it would be far better to have his heart let go rather than his brain.
Gene snuffled and reached for the door handle with the grandiose and ridiculous idea of going to the front of the car and tugging on the bumper until something critical burst in his circulatory system and Death chalked up another easy win.
Gene’s hand stayed on the door handle. He heard more snuffling. Minutes later when that soggy noise slowed and finally stopped, with sounds that resembled a small over-choked lawn mower, it was replaced by a one word litany. Gene rocked his head right and left as he metronomically repeated, “Shit. Shit. Shit.”
Later came a cackle, which was followed by an elongated, “Jeessuuss.”
Ten minutes later and just twelve minutes before the library was scheduled to close, a dry-eyed, dry but rosy nosed Gene Almsson hurried up the walk-way. Keeping his head down to hide his red-rimmed eyes, Gene wavered between self-help and mysteries before opting for the latter. But, while his eyes and fingers darted, hovered and dawdled over a linear and muted rainbow of spines, his mind raced.
Cancer was an animal, like a rat in the attic, running around inside a body, making nests, making messes, gnawing on whatever it chose. An aneurysm was like a bomb, an IED, hidden somewhere in the roadway of vessels mapping his body, just waiting for some trigger to detonate its charge. Gene couldn’t get the image out of his head that were he to stumble or sneeze or hiccough that that might all that it would take. Contact made. Circuit closed. Boom. Dementia was like…like…Gene didn’t know how to finish that thought, then, thought that might be the very way.
Gene’s feet drifted beyond the mysteries.
Years before, when Tisha was galumphing through her early teen-dom she had been assigned to read a fantasy trilogy about a leper, susceptible from his disease to bleeding to death from the slightest wound, being transported to an alternative world where he was expected to be a hero. After Tisha had finished with them, those three books had had gone along with Gene on trips to Arkansas and the Eastern Shore, had been read in beige, brown and russet motel bedrooms and had gotten under Gene’s skin in a way that he never had wanted to explore. Now, memories of Stephen Donaldson’s ill-suited hero came back to Gene and he wondered whether he should re-read them. He drifted along the stacks to fantasy, found the D’s, and was shocked to find those stories weren’t there. When his heart picked up its pace to reflect his disappointment, Gene turbo-charged it by thinking of how that increased pressure inside his tubes could kill him. A second cloudburst, as sudden and strong as a spring storm, burst from Gene’s eyes and made his escape across the library’s lobby a murky affair.
Later that night, after a tumbler of merlot and a bigger dose of Leno, Gene concluded he was cut out for work, not for retirement, and, certainly, not for death or dementia. He made the decision that he absolutely would do what was necessary to have work. He needed to think about chickens and their feet and feed and not Myriam, and not Josephine, and not Khloe, nor the stock market and its gyrations, and, most of all, not about arteries and clots and bubbles and blood and the embers of a brain.
A dry-eyed Gene, a slow, smooth breathing Gene fell asleep pretending he was in the Ozark Hills Motel.

“Why not?”
Maryellen stared at Gene and gave the slightest shake to her head.
“Gene, you know why not.”
“Don’t they want to see their only niece?”
“I’m sure they do, but their niece comes with a mother, and, after what went on last Christmas, they think it’s easier for them to keep their distance. Lora called me at the store last week. The longer Tisha stays with us, the angrier, no, maybe, a better word is aggrieved, the more aggrieved she and Adele feel. They think we’re being used.”
“We are being used.”
“I’m not sure it could be called being used if we say yes.”
“Maryellen, I know I’m old and out to pasture and apt to forget things, but I don’t remember saying yes.”
“I don’t know, Gene, but not saying, ‘Leave,’ is a lot like saying, ‘Stay.’”
“So, it’s just going to be the four of us.”
“That seems so unless Aunt Mil wants to come.”
“That’s not much of a Christmas. What if we leave Tisha here and go visit them? It’s been a year. That’s the longest we’ve ever gone without seeing them.”
The shake of Maryellen’s head was much more emphatic this time.
“I don’t know, Gene. I just don’t know.”
When Gene started up again, Maryellen touched a finger to her lips. Tisha was only two bedroom doors away. She looked at her husband of so many years and fought the urge to pull a blanket off the bed and go sleep in the car.
It was a horrible situation, an unexpected and inconvenient situation that had gone on long enough that it had become bad and, then, months ago had gone past that to horrible. She wanted to say intolerable, but they seemed to have no choice. They had to tolerate it. Or, if she were truly honest, Gene had to tolerate it. She could go to the shop even though doing that was increasingly hard to do. October’s revenue was down sixty-one percent from where it had been in 2006 before they expanded the store. November was looking like it would be even worse. She and JN hadn’t been talking about how bad it was. Maryellen knew why she herself stayed quiet—because of her feelings of guilt that a lot of The Skeins’ Game’s problems were solely her fault. She was responsible for the higher overhead, the draining of their cash reserves, and the baskets and shelves filled with very expensive and very unsold yarns. Maryellen assumed she knew why JN stayed quiet—because if she opened her mouth a cascade of venomous scornful words, truly poisonous words would spew out. Even as it was, which included forthright attempts to keep their friendship unchanged, the shop was mostly filled with emptiness—not many customers, not much conversation and a lot of space between the partners as they straightened orderly rows of skeins and re-arranged perfect displays of yarns at opposite ends of the display area.
Maryellen wasn’t sure if she ever had felt so alone or so misplaced. The Skeins’ Game, which had been such a sanctuary for her even in the years when she was no more than one of JN’s infrequent customers, now was a place where she hesitated before opening the door. At home her relationship with Tisha had gone from mother-daughter to uncomfortable roommates. For reasons that she couldn’t quite explain to herself other than that some critical reservoir in her was empty, when it came to Khloe, she had fought back hard against the notion of having full-time grandmother-hood thrust upon her. And Gene. What of Gene? It had been years since she had known how to describe her relationship with Gene beyond that of her husband. Rather than that conveying a thirty year old feeling of a loving, grateful or pride-filled heart, that datum resonated no more with her than if she were saying that her car was blue. Gene was her husband and her car was blue.
Maryellen closed her eyes and visualized sliding out of bed, pulling a clump of spare blankets from the linen closet, grabbing a box of saltines and water bottle and going out to her blue car to make a nest. Maryellen stopped her fantasy film to consider the possessive pronoun she had just used.
Her.
Her car.
Hers.
What was hers?
Her home? No. The house was mostly Khloe and Josephine’s with Gene and Tisha running third and fourth and she running a distant fifth. The couches and rugs were strewn with baby toys and dog toys and baby-dog toys. The dining room was dominated by a monstrous highchair and a mound of bibs. She had given over so much of the house-keeping to Gene, and she had to admit that those transfers had been done willingly, that oftentimes she no longer knew where to find spare toothpaste, or toilet paper or what might be in the pantry other than things like kippers and smoked oysters and little jars of organic quinoa.
Her store. No longer. Half of the store was Gene’s and the other half was…was what? Given to JN from guilt. Closed. Sold. Lost.
What was hers? Debt. Mostly debt. Financial and emotional debts.
Maryellen tried to slide her thoughts through the minefield and past the grapnels of the last two years.
Twenty-six months ago she had been in Philly rejoicing in the end of Tisha’s easy first pregnancy and the birth of a healthy, beautifully ugly little old man who was going to drag around the Name of the Month, Khloe, for a lifetime. Gene was happily on the road. She and JN were making money teaching dozens of newbies interesting things to do with eyelash yarn. And in a way that was exciting, and so scary, and so difficult to interpret or understand, she and JN had had a couple of happy hugs that had lasted just a few moments longer than their normal hugs.
What was hers—debt, disappointment, lost sleep, and guilt. Maryellen wondered how often this was the reward for doers of constant good who chanced…dared…to lift their eyes to dream.

While Gene continued to work on dying, the days continued their inexorable march toward the joys of the holidays. Red and green and white moved brown and orange aside. Khloe watched TV and developed needs. With diamond bright eyes as big and round as a Ritz, and fingers unconsciously grasping and letting go of the air around her in Silas Marner-like avarice, Khloe intently watched. Gene, though disgusted by the transformation he was observing, also felt compelled to pay attention to see what things should be under the tree on Christmas morning. As he watched and wrote notes to himself on his phone, he came to the realization, that during those times in years past when Maryellen had insisted that he join her in Christmas shopping for the girls, that the items on her list, too, had come from long hours of observing rather than just suddenly springing to mind. With the girls just two years apart and, Gene assumed, watching many of the same commercials, Maryellen must have had a Solomonic wisdom to know who should get what, what toys had to be duplicated because they would never be shared, and what would cause more than normal jealousy. As Gene watched Khloe’s needs become expanded by the television’s hexes and spells, he experienced a new appreciation of Maryellen’s political and economic skills.
With a growing realization of just how difficult Christmas shopping could be, Gene found his competitive urges whetted. He watched Khloe’s pulsing hands as she watched the pulsing screen and wondered if he might be able to glean and analyze enough data to determine what Khloe would really want as opposed to just wanting. He began to imagine Christmas morning after everything had been opened with Khloe’s attention held by some toy, preferably an inexpensive one, that he had bought while Maryellen and Tisha and the aunts’ more expensive gifts were ignored. And Christmas afternoon, as dozens of her presents sat unused, his present still keeping Khloe’s interest…and the same being true a week, a month, six months later and, finally, Gene saw Khloe carefully hand that worn toy to her daughter as she explained that her Baba had given it to her thirty years before and that it was her favorite toy of childhood and it was so sad that her own special little girl never had had a chance to know what a wonderful…. Gene closely observed and smiled and mused at the triumph he would have, a pleasure much greater than beating a car a block ahead in heavy Atlanta traffic to the third traffic light, when Khloe favored his choice.
As Gene began to strategize the Christmas Competition, he considered taking Khloe to Toys R Us to see what she would pick out, but he worried that if he encouraged her to choose her favorite thing among the thousands of possibilities and then tried to remove her from the store without actually buying her choice, that he would be in for even more diva theatrics than when Khloe leaned far out in a grocery cart, like a carousel rider grabbing for the brass ring, to snag a candy bar that he had no intention of allowing her to have.
Gene’s fantasy took a turn. My Baba gave me this doll when I was three…and I love this doll, I called her Eenie because her toes were so small. I loved her so much because it was the last thing my Baba ever gave me because just three months later he died.
Gene toyed with the idea of Last Gift. Did Last Gift differ in any substantial ways from Best Gift or Favorite Toy?

Deep in the throes of the nation’s economic turmoil, the Almssons Christmas in 2008 was a glum affair: Fewer people, a smaller tree, fewer presents for all but Khloe, a turkey with the same stuffing recipe used at Thanksgiving instead of the family’s traditional prime rib roast, music that seemed to mock rather than inspire, a scarier, more poignant watching of It’s a Wonderful Life.
Gene had noticed when he rode around town and saw holiday lights decorating homes and glowing grimy plastic Santas on bare swept lawns that his first thought was to wonder whether the owner could afford the electric bill. In the poorer sections of Runesburg seeing those illuminated displays actually made him angry because he figured that he, somehow, someway, was going to end up subsidizing that holiday cheer. He had visions of an electric bill in arrears in a pile along with a heating expense voucher and a pile of food stamps.
Glum.
On Christmas morning, other than reveling in the tearing of wrapping paper and tugs of war over ribbon with Josephine, it turned out that Khloe’s favorite present was a stuffed gingerbread man holding onto an oversized spotted cookie—it was hard to know if the spots were meant to be raisins or chocolate chips—that Jeannine had knitted. To Gene who had spent uncountable hours with his granddaughter it seemed beyond unfair that Jeannine, who probably had spent less than two hours total with Khloe, should have won.
Glum.
The stock market continued to fall off a cliff although now it seemed to be doing so in slow motion rather than the fast-forwarded tragedy of September and October. In a way the slowing of the pace made making a decision of whether to take his loses and save what was left or try to ride out the storm even harder. It was like a financial death by a thousand cuts.
Glum.
Gene couldn’t remember how long it had been since he had seen Maryellen smile or heard her laugh. It had taken Gene a while to realize that those were things that he was missing and even longer to get inkling as to why.
It had been more than twenty-one months since Gene had retired. In the early months, most of his post-retirement efforts had been directed toward stringing the minutes together to make the hours pass. After several false starts, like golf league, he thought that he had been relatively successful. Reading the Wall Street Journal, doing laundry, shopping for food, cooking, mowing the lawn, and, like Dr. Pangloss had recommended to Candide, tending his garden—had done an adequate job of filling his time. After Tisha arrived with Khloe, the hours had become filled and overfilled. But, as the days and months passed by, even though they were filled, Gene had felt increasingly empty. One night when Maryellen had gone back to the store to teach a class and Tisha was at her book club, Gene had eaten a whole bag of microwave popcorn. He had watched television feeling full but unsatisfied. It was on that night, while having a fully rounded stomach, but with a desire to continue to eat something else, that Gene recognized that that same strange feeling was going on in another aspect of himself. He spent hours and hours with Khloe. He spent most evenings with Maryellen. If anything, he spent too much time with or around Tisha. However, despite all of that interaction, all the togetherosity, most of the time Gene Almsson felt lonely. Rarely alone, yet mostly lonely.
When Gene had been on the road he had spent thousands of nights sleeping alone in motel rooms and he could not remember any of those nights feeling as lonely as he felt so many nights in his own home and in his own shared bed. When he was alongside Maryellen but feeling a gulf between them, sometimes his thoughts would turn to her, to them, but other times, when that gulf seemed too wide to ford, he would think about Myriam. He had scripted dozens of Myriam fantasies, but in all of them, the endings were unsatisfactory. He could imagine being with Myriam, but what he could not imagine was not being with Maryellen. Despite all of his skills and experience in logistics, of getting from here to there, Gene could not come up with a concrete plan, a workable itinerary of how to get from Maryellen to Myriam.
Over time the usefulness of thinking about being with Myriam, of smelling her hair and touching her freckles, grew less. And as that speculative anodyne became ever less realistic, Gene began more and more to realize that it was going to have to be Maryellen who would be the one to remove his lonely-in-a-crowd feelings. However, knowing that Maryellen was the salvation to his problem brought Gene no closer to understanding how that was supposed to work. As a result of that impasse, Gene’s mind led him back to the universal solution—somehow, someway getting back on the road.
When he was on the road Gene had seen and heard a lot of things and that raw material had been turned into the stories that he was famous for telling. It might be a week or more on the road before something would catch his eye or ear. It might take a couple of days to flesh out or hone the details, but once the story was in place, he could tell it a dozen or two dozen times as he crisscrossed the country without worrying about repeating himself to anyone. Each time Gene told his new tale, clients and their staff would laugh and those laughs would reverberate back inside Gene and make him feel full and satisfied. Now he was in a situation where not much happened or could happen. Anything that did happen invariably was about Khloe. If a story did come out of a day, it could only be told a couple of times—to Maryellen, to Tisha and, hopefully, Myriam. From the way things felt inside Gene, those not oft-told tales were just not enough. Gene couldn’t imagine walking around for twenty or thirty more years with the emotional equivalent a popcorn swollen belly and an unending, never satisfied hunger.

Tisha had been in and out of the living room a half dozen times as Gene sat in front of the television watching Sesame Street reruns with Khloe plunked on his lap. As the always wriggling Khloe plumped her grandfather as if he were a bean bag chair, Gene would chance a glance at Tisha to see if she were jealous. It might have been the fifth time that Tisha passed in profile in between her father and the screen that Gene realized that he had been watching her belly.
He knew that belly. He had seen it on Maryellen three times. His own belly bobbled up and down like a buoy on a storm tide. The belly he was watching didn’t go up and down. It went out.
Gene maneuvered Khloe to the side of the recliner and pushed himself out of the chair.
“You got her? I’ve got something to do.”
Gene took Tisha’s distracted grunt as an affirmation that she was now in charge.
Gene drove to Leeslip Park, looked at the bare tree limbs, epileptic in the wind, and the wrack line of leaves pushed up against the fence that separated the park from the parking lot. After ten minutes of sitting in the car watching the nothingness of winter, Gene left the deserted park and drove to Ladd’s Market. Once inside, he tossed a couple of cans of coffee and a three-pack of tissues in the cart as a toll for wandering the aisles hoping that Myriam had run out of some necessity—Greek yogurt, organic mesclun, glacial water. Gene traversed the brightly lighted aisles, dodging more goal-oriented shoppers while occasionally pulling a carton or can from a shelf and, as if it were a library book, perusing its contents before re-shelving it as something not likely to hold his attention. Finally, propelled by the fear that some unobserved observer would suspect him of shoplifting, Gene paid for his coffee and tissues and hurried to his car. He drove past The Daily Grind, but, even though the coffee shop’s lights were on, the lot was so empty that Gene couldn’t bring himself to park. He was headed to the library with the idea that there was some possibility that he might run into Myriam in the stacks, when he pulled to the side of Herndom Hill Road, waited for a break in the traffic, and made a U-turn.
Forty minutes later Gene was sipping a cup of bitter coffee while slouched in the molded embrace of an oatmeal-colored chair at Toledo Express Airport.
Why would Tisha let herself get pregnant? Wasn’t her life screwed up enough? She couldn’t take care of herself and she couldn’t take care of Khloe, so why would she want to add to her failures? The only possible answer was that she really hadn’t thought about it. Or, she had thought about it and had assumed that Maryellen and he would take care of any expense or inconvenience. Gene wondered how Tisha’s plans or lack of plans might change if she were to find out that her father was dying.
Sitting in an airport seat had the relaxing effect on his body that Gene had hoped for, but despite remaining there for more than an hour he couldn’t get his mind to stop racing around like Josephine tearing after Khloe’s motorized Thomas the Tank engine.



CHAPTER EIGHT


It was cold and windy in Leeslip Park. Gene knew. His gloved hands were shoved deep in his pockets and his head had receded between his shoulders vulture style. Khloe didn’t know. Her hat had been flung off and was a patch of purple against a dun background. Her coat was half-zipped and the edges of its collar were bouncing around her cheeks as she ran around in circles and their deformed variants.
Gene was performing perfunctory grandfatherly oversight. Khloe was in view. Nothing dangerous was in sight. That she wasn’t as bundled up as her mother and grandmother might wish didn’t trouble Gene. What did trouble him was the roiling in his guts. This twisting, gurgling, hissing and uncurling, which he visualized as the inflating of a rubber dinghy, had been going on for three days. On the first night when Maryellen had commented on those emissions as she lay next to him in bed, he had claimed that it was only an after-effect of a meal gone wrong. Her words didn’t challenge him, but a skeptical shrug of the shoulders and a tap on the blanket did. That same night Gene had considered taking the time to convince Maryellen that things were fine, but he had decided that any effort in that direction would have been more for his benefit than hers. At that moment in bed with a roil of guts, Gene could have convinced himself that some dark chemistry of food, fluid and fear was responsible for the churning, but after three more days of intestinal turmoil, Gene now knew that he had less chance of convincing himself than convincing his wife.
More than a dozen times since he had awakened that morning, Gene had been forced to twist away from a pain intent on doubling him over. Today’s assaults had followed the previous days’ skirmishes. Like WWII battles, dawn brought surging violence and night brought an uneasy quiet. Ulcers? Diverticulosis? Stomach cancer?
It seemed unlikely to Gene that he, unlike Job, would be visited with more than one malady at a time. Having a time bomb ticking in his chest or prepared to explode across his brain pan, like water splattering in hot grease, had gotten his attention, had made him consider the math of his life—pluses, minuses, sums and remainders. What cosmic purpose would be served by blessing him with stomach cancer in addition to his blood pressure problems?
As a tectonic shift occurred deep in his innards, Gene’s legs shot out from under the park bench so stiffly that his body resembled a teeter-totter board with the spot where his butt met the edge of the bench seat providing the fulcrum. The intensity of the pain squeezed Gene’s eyes closed, but his need to massage his groin, where the pain was centered, but to do so discretely, forced them back open. With the exception of Khloe, there was no one in the park within two hundred yards. Reassured by the emptiness of the meadow, Gene withdrew his hands from his coat pockets, stripped off the gloves and unzipped his coat. Because Gene had followed the travails of enough terrorists who had been caught because of ubiquitous public video cameras, any relief he was getting was vitiated by fear that his groin massaging on a public park bench might be showing up on a bank of monitors at the Runesburg Department of Public Safety.
Gene looked around once more to see if anyone would be able to observe what he was about to do, but he saw no one other than Khloe. Despite the pain he was in, Gene took some small pleasure in the fact that he had left Josephine at home. His guts had hurt so badly during the night that he had barely slept. Since Khloe was plenty to deal with at all times, being sleep deprived only made the difficult worse. Because Gene had felt so horrible that the morning, leaving the dog behind had been an easy decision even though Gene knew that it wouldn’t be without its consequences.
Over the last months Khloe had almost always gone to the park with the fore-knowledge that one of her nemeses, Josephine, would be coming with her and, until recently, there had been a high probability that her other favorite nemesis, Little Dog, would be there, too. Jay Phillip’s return to work had ended Khloe’s opportunities to battle the evils of Little Dog, and, now, today, the other dog, Josephine, also would be missing. Gene had been pleasantly surprised that since their arrival Khloe hadn’t hovered, hadn’t asked a thousand questions, hadn’t demanded that Gene play with her, nor asked her to be the guardian of the twigs and pebbles she invariable collected. Instead, after less than ten minutes in the swing with Gene grunting out the lyrics to “Proud Mary” in between groaning as his guts tied themselves into knots, Khloe was happy to go off foraging by herself.
As Gene slid his fingers under the waistband of his pants, he tried to remember just how long it had been since he had felt good and guessed that it might be seventeen or eighteen weeks. A third of a year. A long time to have a body demanding attention. A long time to think about illness and endings. It was amazing how everything had gone to hell. His health—whatever was going on in his guts, plus the high blood pressure, the near cancer, the chance for a stroke, the memory loss. His assets. The magnetic horror of looking at his account balances a dozen times a day had disappeared. The news was so unrelentingly bad that he had stopped looking at his accounts and stopped reading the Wall Street Journal. The unread papers stacked up and Gene endured the guilt that waste engendered because it was easier to endure than knowing what was going on. His marriage. There were days when he could barely stand to be in the same house with Maryellen. There were slow crawling nights where the feelings that this person who had misled him, who had wheedled and weaseled two hundred thousand dollars of his savings, who had not paid a dime in rent since September and who was a foot away and sleeping soundly became so overwhelming that he had bury his hands beneath his body to prevent them from seeking justice. His parenting or whatever the hell it was he was doing with three grown daughters. It had been more than a year since he had had anything like a normal conversation with Lora or Adele. He guessed that after seeing how the family had changed after Tisha and Khloe moved in and took over that the only thing his other daughters wanted to say to him but couldn’t was, “Dad, you’re stupid. You’re being had.”
As he followed the progress of his fingers crawling under the fabric of his pants, it reminded Gene of a cartoon with some character, maybe Wily Coyote, tunneling under the ground. Looking back the last thing that Gene could remember that brought him any happiness was a ten minute conversation with Myriam Flagent alongside the dirty piles of snow lining the sidewalk in front of Reiman’s on a bitterly cold December day. In a way he could never remember having noticed before Gene had watched Myriam’s words explode as puffs and streams of frozen air. The idea that her words could be seen was so intriguing to Gene that he had paid less attention to their sounds. He had found himself leaning forward so that the physical manifestations of her thoughts touched his cheeks and slid past his ears. He had been so engrossed with the shape of the smoke signals and not their meaning that he was surprised and devastated when Myriam had patted his hand with the purple of her glove, spun around, hurried off, and left a cold bleak day.
What a year. What a life. God damn Dave Spicer.
Gene gently rubbed his fingers on the part of his pelvis that hurt and closed his eyes the better to see Myriam’s words like a parade of luminous clouds dancing across the sky.
Gene dreamed as his fingers palpated the hottest spot in his belly until something finally relaxed and the pain drifted away. Temporarily free from the self-absorption, Gene looked up to see what Khloe was doing, but nothing remained of his granddaughter but her hat. The fact that Gene remained calm was not because he didn’t understand the seriousness of the situation. Rather, he was calm because he refused even to admit that there was a situation. For an instant, he laughed as he realized that he hadn’t brought Khloe, that she was with Tisha. Immediately after that reassuring thought, his mind churned as it processed the fact that the purple object across the field from where he was sitting certainly looked to be Khloe’s hat. The hat was there, but the girl was gone.
Suddenly, like an avalanche, a wild energy surged through Gene’s body. Each chemical designed to energize fear or flight cascaded into the next and together all hurtled throughout his body. Gene exploded from the bench and ran jerkily toward the hat. As he bent over the pick up the hat, sequined with bits of leaf and grass, a pain as densely hot as a chunk of charcoal, seared Gene’s groin. He dropped to his knees like a pole-axed cow. His fingers squeezed and kneaded the fleece hat with the mindless avidity of a stroke victim. The chemical overload in his body demanded movement and after a few seconds, despite the burning in his guts, Gene did move. It wasn’t until he was fifteen feet away from the accusing hat that Gene realized that he was knee-walking. Dropping a hand to the ground, Gene steadied himself and, with a contortionists’ care, managed to bring up a knee. Using that bent knee as a leverage point, Gene pushed himself onto his feet.
Gene upright was no surer of what he should do than when he was scissoring his knees across the half-frozen ground. His head swiveled. A piece of his mind knew that he should be looking for something that stood out from the browns, grays, blacks and palest yellow-greens of the park, but a second piece of his brain refused to remember the color of Khloe’s coat. The grandfather’s mouth twitched then yawed in preparation for bellowing his granddaughter’s name, but before that sound could explode, Gene’s right hand covered his mouth to mute the sound.
If he yelled, someone other than Khloe might hear. If someone else heard, they might come to help. If they offered help, he would have to explain what had happened. And if he did that, if he had to tell a stranger that he had lost his granddaughter, then, he would…he would…lose.
Stifling the sounds that another far less competitive part of his mind wanted to make, Gene slowly turned in a full circle while his eyes frantically shifted focal points between near and far. Nothing. He turned back to stare at the woods that bound the east end of the meadow and knew with a sudden deep calming assurance that in seven seconds Khloe’s blond hair and perfect ruddy cheeks would, shyly, slyly, peek out from behind a tree trunk. Six, five...two, one…nothing.
Refusing to accept that he had lost, Gene re-set the clock to eleven seconds and lurched his way across the beaten down grass to the black sentinels of the woods…six, five….
Gene reset the game clock four more times as he thrashed and stumbled his way through the woods. His feet caught on snaking roots as his hands grabbed at trees as if they were commuters he could toughly push aside in order to make his plane. His guts hurt, then, hurt worse, as he pushed a clenched fist in them to still their insistence. His throat ached from his physical exertion so that when he finally did try to call Khloe’s name there was a sharp break between the syllables. Four, three…. Gene was pulled up short when Khloe’s hat, which he couldn’t even remember picking up, got hung up on a thick noose of bittersweet trying to strangle a tree. It took his fractured mind a few seconds to parse his options; let go of the hat or take the time to unsnag it from the vine. Finally, he opted for the former.
Gene spun around in the woods looking for something moving. He saw nothing, but after a moment he did hear something—the gurgle of Charley Creek. Tears of relief spurted from Gene’s eyes as he realized that Khloe had gone to the creek to throw Pooh sticks. Why hadn’t he immediately known that that was where she would go? Gene’s head swiveled as he looked for the path that led to the water; however when he couldn’t see where it was he decided to bull his way toward the sound of water. The combination of so much fear-triggered adrenalin followed by the sweet relief of knowing where she was caused Gene’s remaining strength to drain from his pounding heart down through his quivering legs. His back bent forward as if under a heavy load and his chin dropped down nearly to his chest. With his head drooping, Gene could only see a few feet of the woods right before him. His limited sight and agitated mind combined to slow his reaction time so that he first smacked hard into a tree, spun off to his right, ran into another trunk, stumbled over a root, and, despite his flailing hands, fell hard onto the ground.
As Gene lay still upon the ground feeling the chill of the earth dissipate the heat of his exertions, he listened to his heart slow and the noise in his temples grow silent. It was a calmer Gene that pulled himself up and slowly worked his way through the maze of trees and vines until he came to the edge of the fast moving ice-rimed stream. He fought his way upstream through the thick brush and briers that lined the bank, but he couldn’t find the bridge. He retraced his steps and made his way downstream through the tangle until he came to the small arched span. Unbelievably, no little girl was standing there throwing sticks into the churlish water.
By the time Gene made it back to the car more than a half hour had gone by. Despite the fact that his heartbeat had slowed, his hands still trembled. As he drove away from Leeslip Park, he held the steering wheel in a fierce grip, but the shudders, like something in a small commuter propeller plane, didn’t go away. After arriving at the police station, Gene sat in the car with his eyes closed for a few seconds while he imagined his audience.
He had been sitting on a bench. His granddaughter was playing on the grass no more than fifty feet away. He had been having trouble with his guts. One episode had hit him hard and he had focused on massaging away the pain. He didn’t think he had closed his eyes. He thought that he was just concentrated on this terrible pain. But, when he heard her scream and looked up, the man who had her in his arms was almost at the edge of the woods. Gene rubbed his fingers over his closed lids as he described Jay Hillip. Six feet, maybe an inch more. High forehead. Dimpled cheeks and chin. Green barn coat and loose fitting jeans. Suddenly, Gene began to sweat as it hit him that he might be giving too much description. He imagined himself back on the bench looking across the meadow. What could he see from that distance? Jay and Little Dog had sometimes been that far from him. Could he have seen the dimpled chin? Gene was pulled back to the immediacy of the police parking lot when a car parked beside his. A woman got out with a cell phone mashed against her ear. Even through his window, Gene could hear enough of her voice to know she was angry. As Gene stared at the woman, the tremor in his hands worsened. Her cell phone. What about his cell phone? Why hadn’t he called the police the moment he heard Khloe scream? That would have to be the first question he would be asked. Why hadn’t he? Gene had no answer for that. He had no idea why he had not thought to reach his hand inside his pocket, dial 911, and scream that his granddaughter was lost. He knew that any answer as to why he had left the park and driven to the police station was going to sound lame. He was confused. Was that enough? He knew that he couldn’t say that he always made his presentations in person.
Gene slipped his phone from his pocket and slid it down between his seat and console before taking a deep breath and opening his door.

Given what a short distance it finally turned out to be, it was surprising that it took almost eight hours to find Khloe’s body. To make Gene’s account jibe with where and how Khloe was found, the police speculated that her abductor had panicked and thrown the girl into the fast flowing stream. Despite the gashes and bruises she had sustained as she was carried downstream, she had managed to crawl out of the water and into a pile of leaves beneath a bush. It was because she had been in the stream that the dogs had been of little use and because she was burrowed into the leaves that it took so long for those searching to find her. Although her wounds from being smashed about on the rocks had been substantial and her loss of blood significant, it was exposure, hypothermia, which had killed her.

The service wasn’t private, at least for Tisha, Maryellen, Adele and Lora. A long line of people shuffled forward, knelt before the insignificant body resting in its gleaming, abnormally small container and offered hugs, kisses, tears, and condolences to the female relatives. Many, if not most, had a hard time meeting Gene’s eyes. His due, at most, was a perfunctory handshake and a murmur.
Gene recalled the dozens of times he had stood just inside the doorway of a hospitality room Poultristics had organized for the attendees of the International Poultry Expo in Atlanta or the Canadian Poultry and Egg Processors convention. Rather than taking the cursory handshake and trying to catch the skittish eyes, Gene wanted to grab hold of these judging mourners, give them a firm and lasting handshake, share a few moments of bonhomie and with a generous sweep of his hand point them to the buffet table laden with platters of chicken sate and shrimp, or buffalo wings and shrimp, or Cajun tenders and shrimp and the beer and wine being dispersed by Matt and Mike, or Jeremy, John, Sean or Liam whose names he knew because knowing names, remembering names and faces, is one of the things that he did so well.
Gene snapped back from conventions past to the realization that most of the mourning women weren’t shaking his hand. Instead, they were grabbing the tips of his fingers and holding tight while they fumbled through what he didn’t know—their names and their relationship to his family—before saying their prepared pieces about love, loss, regret, sorrow, hope and, especially, better places.
Ever since those too long too short minutes driving from Leeslip Park to the low-slung fortress of the Runesburg Public Safety building, Gene had done a lot of thinking about better places. And he continued to do so as the grieving line juddered forward, like a train shunting cars, with a seemingly endless string of unknown friends. Gene could feel a force build within him. A pressure, an expansion. If asked before calling hours what might well up inside him, Gene might have guessed guilt or grief. But, the energy filling his belly and expanding into the darker lakes of his lungs, running erratic races in over-heated corridors of his mind was neither grief nor guilt. Instead, it was an overwhelming need to explain, to collect, arrange, and explain the data, to teach, to sell the audience on what had happened, and why, and what it meant for each member of the audience, for the industry, as a whole.
Gene had considered himself objective enough to accurately evaluate hundreds of his performances with Poultristics’ clients and potential customers. He had long prided himself that it was his self-awareness, his ability to be critical of his content and delivery, his willingness to judge himself honestly which had helped him to become so good at what he did. That feedback loop, that self-regulator, now was sending data that his performance was off. His hands were sweating. He wanted to wipe them on his suit pants or hide them in his coat pockets. Or, use them to push aside the unending river of condolences. Push them aside and do what? Gene wasn’t sure. In the moment between when one set of warm grasping hands released their vise and the next reached out, Gene turned aside and lowered his head. He faked a cough into the shoulder of his charcoal suit and wiped his sweaty hands on the cuffs. As soon as Gene turned back, another pair of attentive warm dry hands immediately grasped his and he was pulled back into the miasmic parade of grief.
It was forty minutes later. Gene’s guts hurts so bad that his height had shrunk by several inches. According to the clock, discreetly placed in a narrow alcove in the opposite wall, calling hours would end in twelve minutes. Gene’s eyes jumped from the clock to the number of people left in line and back to the clock. His realization that the hand of the clock would pass twelve before the last griever could share her grief frightened Gene. He thought that he could hold himself together only as long as duty dictated and, from his perspective, duty ended at eight o’clock. Why should he keep saying thank you, thank you, and thank you to people he didn’t know? He felt like he was in an airport queue waiting for a delayed flight, hemmed in by angry frustrated fellow travelers. Gene’s mind slipped free of his immediate surroundings and wandered back through previous triumphs: backslaps from the Perdue clan, trading jokes with the Pilgrim Pride officers, attaboys from Tyson’s…. He clasped, he shook, he thanked in the steamy muffled incubative viewing room, but his mind was a long way from his hands until an extra-powerful double squeeze brought him back to a pair of large tan hands and, looking up, to the masterfully concerned face of Jay Hillip.
Gene’s first reaction was to tear his hand from Hillip’ grip; however that guilt-triggered impulse was thwarted by the other man’s hold. The intensity of Hillip’s grip made Gene feel like he was being restrained, prevented from escaping, rather than being offered strength and solace.
“What happened, man?”
Gene shrugged and shook his head, as he had so many times over the previous three days, at the unimaginable.
“Was it anyone you…we…had noticed before? Like that Joey Stogie guy, that guy with the big gut that chewed his cigar while he talked on his cell?”
Gene made himself look into the face that which he had sketchily described to the police. He shook his head again.
“No, taller, thinner, lighter hair.”
“I didn’t tell Little Dog. Too young for that craziness.”
Jay Hillip’s shoulder rose and dropped in delayed imitation of Gene’s earlier shrug.
“We’re so sorry. I’ll be in touch.”
Gene nodded and took a deep breath as soon as Hillip released his hand. Twenty minutes later it was all over. After the last hand released him, and without speaking to his wife and daughters, Gene escaped to the mortuary’s powder blue bathroom with its robin egg blue sink. It struck Gene that if the souls or spirits of the dead did hang around for a while before going to wherever they went that only those who had come of age in the Sixties would not be offended by the bathroom. Gene didn’t think it was fair for Khloe to have to see her grandfather scrubbing his hands, Portia-like, in a basin the color of which was more appropriate for a Mexican cathedral than a Midwest funeral home. As soon as Gene finished that thought he worried that he had had it.
Gene drove home alone. Tisha, Lora, and Adele had gone in Maryellen’s car. The quiet was not close to the balm Gene had been anticipating throughout calling hours. The silence seemed to accuse rather than to calm. Gene wasn’t four blocks from Miller’s Funeral Home before he drowned out the emptiness with the radio. But after less than thirty seconds of swing, Gene turned off a sound that was more irritant than distraction. The quiet rushed back in like water rushing into a canal lock with such force that Gene could imagine the windows bowing outward from the pressure. Susurrations, whispers, intelligible in their accusations despite their faintness, came from all corners of the car.
You did. You didn’t. You shouldn’t. You should. The refrain that Gene had heard from scores of mouths throughout the unending calling hours murmured, then burbled, and finally blasted from his own mouth.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
Despite the volume of his declaration, the whispers continued their litany and, like the lowest notes of a bass fiddle, were more felt than heard. Gene’s right hand lashed out and smashed the radio button. Glissades of sax and trumpet confronted the whispers and, as Gene twisted the volume button, came close to overriding them.
After he lowered the garage doors and turned off the ignition, Gene continued to sit in the car. Whatever voices were in the car were far more endurable that what he knew he would face when…if… he went inside. He knew that Maryellen and the girls, especially, Tisha had held back a screed of accusations and recriminations. Not so with the looks and, certainly, not with the body language. But, somehow, there seemed to have been an unspoken agreement, something Gene thought might be a common funereal courtesy or diplomacy that had kept the grandmother’s, the aunts’ and even the mother’s words at bay. Gene closed his eyes as his fingers, like clock hands, traced a half day’s passage on the clocks of his temple and, then, again and again until a month of days had been recorded.
Finally, using one of the techniques he frequently had used with clients, Gene forced himself out of his body and into Maryellen’s. He could feel the knots in her calves as she entwined her feet to keep herself from exploding off the sofa in rage. Fingers drifted to a neck whose muscles were as frozen as Lot’s wife. He felt the sting of tears sucked back into their ducts by the immense vacuum left inside this wounded woman. Words. Words were piled up like mounds of broken bricks and boards after a terrorist’s bomb. Words. Like the hiss or tiniest stream of water ejecting from the closed nozzle of a swelling hose. Words. Plentiful but inchoate, nonsensical, like the shreds of fallen paper in a shredder bin.
Words. THAT. WOULD. FIND. THEIR. ORDER. And be spit from Maryellen’s mouth like flechettes.
Gene pined for some kind of release. He wanted martyrdom. He wanted to be harmed in such a way that expiation or forgiveness could be considered. He craved some act, a considered act, which would counter-balance the inconceivable. He thought of Shylock’s pound of flesh. But, in the unending minutes since Gene had left the police station he could not get his head around what could counter what could not be measured.
When Gene realized that he had drifted away from occupying Maryellen’s body, he pushed himself back inside.
What, if anything, could be said, what possibly could be done to bring back the scales of their entwined lives, their marriage, into its unbalanced stasis?
If she were to expulse the most hateful words she could conjure and if he were to stand with his hands at his sides, accepting like St. John, like six million Jews those razored darts, what would be gained? Wouldn’t both still be set to Sisyphean tasks because not even five minutes after saying the worst that could be said, she would…could…only want to say the same again. And, he, whatever his wounds—whatever the blood he might have let and whatever the relief that purging might have brought—would soon need more of both blood and relief.
Futility was a new feeling for Gene Almsson. How could he assemble the data to formulate a long range plan? How might analysis and planning be useful in this situation? There had been many times over a quarter century when Gene had walked into a room not knowing what might be said. Usually these unscripted meetings were pitches to new clients to make use of Poultristics’ expertise. In the early days, the hours before those meetings had been filled with an anxious gnawing. When the potential client was a big one, the stress could get so bad that Gene could feel some cells of his body destroying others, like a raccoon chewing off its leg to escape a trap as a desperate way to cope. The standard antidotes: The most they can do is say no, or, even the best baseball players miss six out of ten, were not anodynes. It wasn’t until he had enough experience, successful experience and confidence in his skills—he once had told Dave Spicer that if he couldn’t talk for two hours about chickens he had no business getting on a plane—that the fear lessened to a point where it could be confused with excitement.
What would happen if he walked in the house? What new aspects of Maryellen, Tisha, Lora and Adele would be revealed? How would The Ant Farm change?
Gene closed his eyes, sucked oxygen into his lungs and edged his left hand toward the door handle. But, before those fingers closed, his right hand sprung up, like a trebuchet released, and banged the garage door opener clipped to the Lincoln’s sun visor. His right hand maintained its dominance. The key was turned, the transmission shifted, the steering wheel held.
Big Bear was back on the road.
Gene considered going to the airport, but it was so late he wasn’t sure he could get a flight to where he had to go. So, instead of heading north to the flat light, swept floors and hollow sounds of Toledo’s airport late at night, he drove south, stopped for gas and coffee, and joined a meager parade of tractor trailers whose headlights drilled an ephemeral tunnel through the Ohio night.
After two more refills of gas, three Olympian-sized cups of coffee, a jar of mixed nuts and thirteen hours of changing radio stations to keep his own broadcasts at bay, Gene was parked in front of Room 16 at the Arkansas Traveler. Room 16 in the Traveler was the first place that Gene Almsson, back before he had become Big Bear, had stayed on his first road trip for Poultristics. He probably had stayed in Room 16 a dozen times in the early days, but over time, as places with better rooms and locations closer to Tyson’s ever expanding Springdale operations had been built, he had moved on.
Gene unbuckled his seat belt, but stayed in the car and studied how the tan and blue panels, which once had had the contrast of a chess board, had faded to the same oatmeal gray. Tiger stripes of rust descended from the corners of the window frames. All three of the doors in front of him, 15, 16 and 17 were dinged and dented. Low stretches of weeds, grassy equivalents of Hitler’s mustache, bristled in the cracks between the curb and sidewalk.
The Arkansas Traveler’s front office hadn’t changed except that the orange and green carpet Gene remembered had been replaced with beige stick-on tiles. The brown on lighter brown wood grain of the laminate counter had a cross grain of a thousand scratches made by keys and coins. The cubbies behind the counter, whose opening always had reminded Gene of the closet honey-comb that held Maryellen’s shoes, had sagged as if the cross pieces were not strong enough to support the weightlessness of the empty slots.
Gene had not been much past Jefferson City, Missouri when he had started snapping his head, mostly to the right, at the things, movements, which jumped about at the edge of his vision. The driver knew that what he was seeing wasn’t there, that it was just fatigue. He had experienced that trick of his mind many times at the end of a long day of travel. But having that knowledge didn’t keep him from jerking the steering wheel to avoid the ghosts that kept threatening him. While he was on Rt. 44, he had felt that at any moment a dog or deer could leap in front of the car. When he got on to Rt. 71 and, then, as he got closer to Springdale and the Traveler, the danger switched from animals to ghostly cars running red lights or stop signs. Now, in the Traveler’s office, it seemed to Gene that there were people just behind his shoulder who were impatiently waiting for him to get registered. His head jerked twice before the clerk, a long-jawed, high-cheeked Lincolnesque woman with lank gray hair and agitated eyes, gave him her partial attention.
Over the years in hundreds of motels and hotels, Gene had perfected the art of banter. If a clerk were busy, Gene kept himself to a line or two. If he was the only one checking in, his engagement was longer. He thought of his repartee as money in the bank. If his room was short a towel or shampoo, if the air conditioner rattled in its frame, then, he already had laid a foundation to get some help. If the room was fine, then his friendliness might pay off in a better room the next time he came to town.
Now, Gene found himself with nothing to say. He handed over his credit card, tried to ignore the flashes of movement pulsing at the edge of his vision, and simply nodded to the woman’s notion that length of his stay would be confined just to one night.
Gene kicked his shoes off before seeking refuge atop the brown and ecru flowered coverlet on the queen bed that claimed half of Room 16. The mattress sagged sufficiently that Gene could imagine that it was the same one that he had laid on back on April 4, 1977. The exhausted traveler took a long deep breath of the pine cleanser scented air and tried to recapture what he had felt like on that evening half his lifetime ago. Certainly, he must have been nervous, must have opened his unscuffed hard-sided briefcase to review the pitch notes he and Dave Spicer had put together.
Gene closed his eyes the better to recall himself sorting through that paper, re-memorizing Tyson’s sales figures and what it would mean to the corporate bottom line if Poultristics could advise management on how they could lower their per bird processing costs by 2% or feed costs by 1%. Gene squeezed his eyes tighter and recovered an image of a new dark blue suit coat, a jacket made from the newest miracle fabric, polyester, a miracle that pilled, snagged and lost its shape and sheen by the end of the first summer. He could remember that coat hanging from a chair which had a dark brown frame and Sherwood Forest green plastic seat. Gene waited patiently, but could not tune into a memory of nervous preparation. Instead, what came back to Gene was the utter relief he had felt from being far from home. Almost eight hundred miles from home. Three airports and two flight legs and a rental car away from home, noise, a cacophony of female voices talking at, talking to, talking over one another. So many miles away from that accelerative household entropy that changed a clean living room into a post-apocalyptic debris field within minutes of the girls’ awakening.
Here at the Arkansas Traveler there had been no long blond Barbie hairs to be picked off the bottom of his pants. No need to be hyper-alert for plastic and plush shrapnel strewn across a carpet. There had been no desiccated Cheerios lurking between the bed sheets or stuck to the Traveler’s pillow cases. No screams. No whining. In fact, no noises other than the contrapuntal asthmatic wheezing of a failing air condition and the calming drone of tires speeding along Rt. 71.
The aloneness. The separation. The distance from the complicated home-fire duty. It had added up to a relief that exceeded his dreams.
Gene slowly swiveled his head against the headboard, in part to relieve the tightness in his neck muscles, but also to scan the room.
The briefest laugh, a glottal bullet, burst from Gene’s mouth before he murmured, “I like what you haven’t done with the room.”
Ecru, beige, ivory, and tan in all of their glory. All coating and coloring materials made of molecules that probably started their journey to Springdale, Arkansas from deep beneath the sands of Saudi Arabia.
Gene sighed deeply and re-closed his eyes. After a few seconds, even though his eyes remained closed, wraiths jumped and jerked at the edge of his vision. He regulated his breathing, but it wouldn’t stay regulated. It wasn’t cars, trucks, or deer in the room with him. The images sparked and flared, but unlike in the car where he felt he had no choice but to look, he refused to turn his head. Let them do what they had to do. As long as they were quiet. He didn’t think he could take their accusations.
Gene closed his eyes again, but when his stomach growled, he turned his attention to that. He thought back over the last four days, but couldn’t remember the last time he had eaten a meal. Someone had brought a quiche; some else a ham. There had been a big bowl of fresh, if flavorless, fruit as well as a fruit basket. Even a sled-sized tray of chicken wings as if the donor had confused the period of mourning with the Super Bowl. Gene had seen all that food. His mind had registered it. A cornucopia in the refrigerator, where it would have been more appropriate to leave that white lighted, sepulchral receptacle empty except for water and bitter herbs. But, he had eaten none of the offerings. He couldn’t understand how what he was feeling—the grief, the anguish, the emptiness from Khloe’s disappearance from his life—could be supplanted or displaced by food. He couldn’t think of anything that would fill the hole that must be inside Maryellen and Tisha’s insides. Not time. Or work. Or, even, love given to someone new, like whoever was growing in Tisha’s belly. Gene wondered, not for the first time—had Tisha somehow had a premonition that he was going to kill Khloe? He could only think of one thing that would fill his guts.
Guilt.
When Gene stretched his hands over his rib cage and pushed his thumbs into his guts, that emptiness emitted a garbled string of sounds. Not quite gibberish, but not quite a sentence. Gene kept his thumbs dug deep into that complaining void, squeezed his eyes tightly shut, imagined the park, imagined the bench, re-lived the feeling of pain in his groin and then, in a minor miracle, saw Khloe kick at her hat and coat as if it were small pile of dirty clothes she wanted out of her way. A foot got caught in the coat and she shook herself like a puppy breaking free from a blanket it had got tangled up in. In retribution, she gleefully jumped on the coat before running around it twice, then veering off left and right, like a short-tailed kite toward the woods at the end of the meadow. Gene saw Khloe look back to see if her grandfather was watching what she was doing. She buzzed back and forth at the edge of the trees, running the same pattern as a dog along the perimeter of an electric fence. Back and forth. Figuring the odds. What reward. What punishment. What price freedom. What price obedience. One more sharp glance behind to her watcher, her guardian, her guard, who was staring down at his lap as he pushed at his guts.
Then, into the woods.
The woods. A treasure trove. A Midas cache of sticks and twigs. An infinity’s worth of Pooh sticks. So many that even sharing could be contemplated. Some for Baba. Some for Little Dog. Lots and lots, unimaginably lots and lots for Khloe.
Gene saw Khloe, in stunned delight at her good fortune, gather her choices as she moved ever deeper into the woods. A sheaf of sticks clutched to her chest. Another bunch tucked under her armpit. A grasping hand dropping some of her hoard as she tried to pick up even more.
Behind his lids Gene studied the joyful face, the greedy hands, the small body made smaller by the scale of the trees.
Little Red Riding Hood.
Red Rose.
Gretel.
Gretel. Lost in the woods.
And Gretel is wandering, but not lost, not irretrievably lost, not until she hears the burble. Siren’s song. The music of water rushing over rock. The reason and reward for collecting all of those sticks.
Gene can see that the underbrush grows thicker as it nears the water’s edge. For the briefest moment, a hope, as sharp as an epi spike, stabs his chest, but immediately Gene’s store of grace is exploded.
God has a different plan.
Gretel is small. Gretel is determined. Like a worm in a garden, the not lost but soon so soon to be forever lost little girl undulates, twists, ducks and sinuously makes her was through the brush. She loses a few of her precious sticks, but not her way. The water burbles, a joyous sound, a playful sound, gurgles, laughs, trills and sings the most seductive song. Gene scans the snarl looking for a thorn that can hook the little girl before it is too late. He wants to cry out from the Traveler’s Room 16: Catch her. Hold her. Scratch her. Slash at her hands, her cheeks, even her eyes, but make her stop.
But what he is watching has but one ending.
Her loss is inexorable…and has been from the moment he moved his eyes from her play to his pain.
Gene pauses and considers whether he should open his eyes to stare at the pallid comforts found within Room 16. His lids flutter. The irradiant red spider webs on the backs of those lids offer a diversion, but Gene’s better self fights back against that escape. The en-crazed man is surprised when he looks back to the woods. Gretel, poor happy Gretel is through the brush and perched on the very edge of the churning stream. Gene is shocked that the progress of memory is so steady. It, too, as inexorable as the actual. In the moments when his reluctant observer’s will wavered, Gretel has had time to launch a convoy of Pooh sticks into the speeding water. Her joy causes it its own burble, pitched higher, a contrapuntal refrain to that of the stream.
This is joy. Unending sticks in unending water.
And, then, it ends. Her foot slips on the mud at the edge of the bank. She tries, oh, Gene can be proud of how hard Gretel tries to keep her balance. Willingly, without a moment’s hesitation, she flings aside what remains of what had been so precious. She violently twists her spine to re-capture her center of gravity. She shouts in horror even as she tumbles from the bank. That fearsome noise bounces around the woods until Gretel’s head is pulled below the surface of the roiling stream.
Gene, his breath as strained as Gretel’s, watches as down the stream she goes. Less boyant, less able to ride atop the surface of the water as the parade of sticks that proceed her flailing way.
In a miracle, a break in the current as it passes around a large rock a dozen feet from shore pushes the floundering Gretel back toward land.
Not yet thirty months, Gretel knows her chance when it arrives and craves that treasure of joy, experienced just seconds before, to be with her at forty and twice forty years. Her hands attack the edge of the bank grasping at protruding roots and rocks. Gretel’s hands catch a root. In delicate balance, the stream tugs for its toll as Gretel hangs tight to her salvation.
Gene, like Gretel, has held his breath since she has tumbled into the water. He holds it longer and wishes with all of his larger heart that she can hold onto what she so desperately grasps. But this miracle, like most miracles, is of short duration. A few loaves, a few fishes, then, nothing but bones, crusts and crumbs.
The stream wells behind Gretel. She holds tight. The stream pushes and insistently pushes, like a frantic commuter determined to be on the train, until Gretel is twisted onto her side. Her head smacks against a rock lurking under the water. Gretel, automatically, oh impetuous youth, lets go of the root to nurse her bo-bo.
She’s tumbling. Gretel’s tumbling. Her head bangs into another rock and then a third and fourth. The palest pink froth follows Gretel as her body slaloms through the rock-strewn stream. On the far side of the rock field, the stream widens and becomes shallow so that Gretel, dazed, bleeding and filled with water and terror manages to climb onto shore and crawl under the shelter of a bush to shiver, cry, wail, call for Baba, Baba, her guardian angel. and die unheard.
The patrons of the Arkansas Traveler haven’t often heard the sound that Gene makes when he hears the little lost girl, Gretel…Khloe call for her Baba.
In an unconsidered moment of moral courage, Gene turns his vision from his granddaughter under the bush to stare back up stream, stare past the rocks, stare hard until he sees a man, alone on a bench, alone in a meadow, absorbed with the turbulence of his guts and unaware that his granddaughter’s life, as his own, is now lost.
After Gene’s fingers fling fierce tears from his cheeks they slide down from his face, past his chest and belly, to his groin to explore what it was that so demanded his attention. His fingers probe flesh. There is no pain. His fingers push deeper, insistent that they be allowed to discover, to understand what had been so needy there four, five, no, four days ago that it demanded all of his attention. Gene is not patient when the answer to that profound question is not forthcoming. The frustrated angry fingers move past probing. They begin to stab the skin and wall of muscle that has protected his guts for more than sixty years. Finally, that protection fails; the wall is breached. His fingers push into the tear in his muscle wall, the herniation that first occurred when he had bulled the snow blower out of a drift, the rip in the fabric of Gene Almsson that grew as he lifted Khloe in and out of her car-seat and carted cases of Tisha’s water bottles.
Gene explores the split in the muscle wall. As his fingers probe that opening in his side, he has a fleeting image of the crucified Christ with a hole in his side. He understands that he is herniated, that the turmoil in his guts in not from a cancerous growth of cells but rather from his insides trying to escape to the outside. A section of his intestine or bowel or something has been insinuating itself into the gash the snow blower has caused and that movement has been causing the rest of his guts to displace themselves. He understands that even before Gretel left and left an irreparable hole some part of him already knew there was going to be an emptying.
Gene opens his eyes, stares at the beige wall, rubs his wound and thinks of how the emptiness that he first found here in this very room a lifetime ago, an emptiness that was the most blissful relief, now feels like terror. With the little girl gone and his insides leaving, Gene understands that he will be a shell. That thought, to have lived six decades and be a husk, causes his breath to catch at the back of his throat. His eyes burn, but he refuses to cry again. He is afraid to have any more of himself emptying out. He can sense panic approaching and knows that he cannot stay in the room the way he is. Despite knowing that the Arkansas Traveler does not afford its guests the opportunity of a mini-bar, his eyes desperately search the room, but find nothing more than desk, chair, dresser and off at the edges of the room, dancing ghosts, limbs jerking like marionettes.
Gene drives out Rt. 71 until he finds the Wal-Mart that he knew must be there. It takes less than fifteen minutes to get what he needs.
On the short drive back, Gene feels calm.
Back in Room 16, Gene strips off the clothes he has worn for a day and a half, turns on the shower, pulls the curtain and steps into the tub. He feels a moment’s anger as he tries to wash his body with the saltine-sized piece of soap. After toweling off, Gene puts on his new underwear. He soaps his face and carefully shaves with the razor he has just bought. It takes a minute of wrestling but he manages to separate the plastic from its backing and remove his new toothbrush. As he is brushing his teeth and feeling the flavor of mint replace the staleness of coffee, nuts and so many hours of living, it comes to him that this is the high point of his day. Gene leaves the steam of the bathroom to finish dressing. Because of its source and price, the new white shirt does not have a surfeit of pins to be removed. He stands in front of the full length mirror avoiding his eyes as his fingers fumble with the buttons. He slides on his suit pants and buckles his belt. As he has done thousands of times in hundreds of rooms he ties his tie, centers the knot between the collar tabs and, then, prods and squeezes the knot to create a dimple.
Gene sits on the edge of his bed and polishes his black wingtips with a dirty sock before pulling on his new socks and, then, his shoes. When he pushes himself up from the bed something unravels in his belly. He ignores the pain, despite the fact that its intensity has caused beads of sweat to break out on his newly washed brow. He takes his suit coat from where it hangs it in the closet alcove. Before sliding it on, he brushes the cuffs and collar.
Gene stands before the mirror. He thinks his shirt sleeves are a little long, but so be it. He gathers his old socks and underwear and puts them in the bathroom waste basket. He vacillates over the new toothbrush and tube of toothpaste before dropping them into the basket, too.
Gene sits on the bed, removes the plastic collar from the can, follows the directions and vigorously shakes. He affixes the straw.
Being careful not to dirty the bedspread with his shoes, Gene slides onto the bed. With his free hand he rubs the emptiness of his belly. He closes his eyes, relaxes his jaw and fights the urge to retch as he slides the straw down his throat. When his fingers squeeze the trigger, there is a moment’s rush of air, a sigh, before the foam shoots down his esophagus and into his stomach where it begins to expand. Because his body wants to be alive, Gene’s hand refuses to continue, but enough foam has been expelled that when Gene’s body is found the following day, his stomach is round and full like a libertine’s after a glorious feast. He looks a little silly with the can of expansion foam dangling from his mouth, but his shoes shine and his tie is perfectly knotted, centered and dimpled.
How Gene looks becomes less important once Maryellen is told the cost of bringing his body home. She opts for cremation, the girls agree, and Gene’s last flight is downgraded to the hold of a Federal Express plane.
“A big bear and a little ghost check into an Ozark motel….”
