My Pink and Black Heart

Kim Campion




Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2012 by Kim Campion

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Table of Contents


How I Ended Up Out West
Fat Foodies No More
Angie
Maid Marian
My Pink and Black Heart
Hi, I’m Robert’s Father
There Ain’t No Cheeseburgers Where We’re Goin
The Rabbits
The Smell of Night Flowers
The Old Guy In the Waiting Room
The Glowing Beings



How I Ended Up Out West


When I was fifteen two men came to the house and told my father they wanted their money. My dad said he didn’t have it. They broke both his legs with a tire iron and the short one shot our little old black mutt dog in the shoulder, belly, and leg. She was old and died in my arms. I knew where these men lived and worked, cuz my old babysitter knew them in high school. They operated out of a house in a nice residential neighborhood. I stole the .357 I knew the neighbor kept in his toolbox on the third shelf in his crafts garage and I rode my bike over to these mens’ house. 
As I walked up the sidewalk I could see an old lady in there on the couch watching tv. I guess she was their gramma. I pushed the doorbell and when the first one opened the door I shot him in the face. The short one was the second one. He rushed at me through the door and I shot him in the shoulder, belly, and leg. And then in the face. The gramma was still watching her show. It was Bonanza.
I was a minor so only had to go to juvenile hall for three years. At first I was worried the boss of the guys who hurt my dad and dog would send other guys but there was too much attention now from the TV and the law and he ended up being okay. 
In juvie they kept us girls separated from the boys by a chain link fence. I saw a lot of dicks through that chain link sprouting like toadstools. That was kind of funny. What wasn’t funny was that everyone had to wear the same underwear. The boys got tightie whities and we got these granny panties and I swear every single one of them had period stains in them. 
When I got out I decided I wanted to live on the beach because it was the closest to a big open space I could think of. I was having a lot of anxiety and it was worse in enclosed environments. So I took a bus down to the beach and just sat around down there. There was a tiny lagoon, a kind of mini estuary fed by a giant drainage pipe and I liked to sit there. I slept behind the big rocks there. I spanged for food money and brushed my teeth in the public restrooms. There were outdoor public showers but I got to be honest I didn’t use those too much. 
The only time I was happy was at night when I was sleeping. I would be with my dog, her name was Jason (my dad had let me name her when I was little) and she was sleeping next to me in the twin bed that used to be back home and peddling her little legs in a dream. With her lips inhaling and then puffing out again as she imaginary barked in her sleep, protecting us from evil squirrels and the spun monkey mailman, (Jason always knew when the mailman had quit taking his meds and was trippin on jesus again).
When I woke up I was always bummed. Then I made a friend and was happier. His name was Frank and he was a rich kid and only child and a heroin addict. Frank had a high funny voice but was a big guy. Over six four. Plus he could act batshit crazy. No one fucked with him even though he had already gotten pretty skinny. Frank sat on the same bench I liked one afternoon and we got to talking. He told me his parents had a quarter horse ranch in Wyoming and he originally came down to LA to start a band. He said he had a girlfriend who had died of a heroin overdose and that he felt guilty because he didn’t think she would have gotten as heavy into it if she hadn’t met him. Her name was Sara and when she was high she liked to watch old cartoons like the Pink Panther for hours and play with herself.
Frank was the only one I told about my dog. He said he was sorry about what happened to her. He told me his favorite animal ever was a rat he had during his crusty punk phase in Hollywood. Her name was Raticus and she followed him around like a dog and came when he called her. “I’d sit down on the sidewalk and let her look for some tasty treats in a trash can and when it was time to go I’d say ‘Raticuuus’ and you’d hear this rustling and then her little head would pop up out of the trash and she come bounding toward you like freakin Lassie” he told me. It was the second longest sentence he ever said to me. Most of the time we just sat quietly on the rocks or in the parking lot where we could spange the tourists. 
We “did it” a couple times but both of us were kind of sick. Frank was always either high or getting sick because he couldn’t get high and I was just lousy with microbes and a lot of bronchitis. Plus we couldn’t always afford condoms and Frank was militant about using them because he was worried he might have HIV. I told him I didn’t care and he said No.
The longest sentence Frank said to me was right before he died. He said he wasn’t feeling good and I got afraid because he truly did look fucked up. “Was it a bad shot?” I asked and he said he thought maybe. I gave him my blanket and covered him up. “I’m gonna call an ambulance” I told him and I got up to go but he said “No! No! I want to tell you something.” 
He said he had a hundred bucks in his pants, sewn up with floss. He pointed to where I should cut the floss and an old wrinkled hundred dollar bill popped out. He told me he didn’t want his folks to see him like this and asked me if I would go see them and tell them he was sorry and that he loved them and that it wasn’t their fault. I said “Okay Frank I will Frank.” It was late afternoon and the sun was shining on the drainage estuary and on his hair. I could see some people on the beach further down. “I love you” he said, “You’re going to be okay.” And then he died. 
I sat there with him. I started to say something to him, stuff I wanted to tell him, but right as I started to his body let out the hugest loudest death fart. It scared the seagulls. 
I packed up and called the cops from the last payphone standing and anonymously told them there was a dead body in the rocks and then I hitchhiked to the Greyhound bus terminal and bought the bus ticket to Wyoming. Frank had written their address on the money and I’d recopied it onto a pamphlet that was laying around and put that in my pocket. I didn’t cry until I was on the bus.
The bus ride took days and days. I had to sit next to an old stinky cowboy who told me his life story. He told me he had just come from visiting his sister in Los Angeles but that he lived in Idaho in a small cabin with a donkey that liked to break into the house and watch tv. He kept talking to me and I just kept going “Uh huh Uh huh.” He said “It’s going to be okay miss, you just keep that little pilot light of hope on, God is takin care of you. No one’s better than you. Poor people are just as smart as rich people, they just need to be given a chance” 
“Sure mister” I said and then I pretended to fall asleep. I was hungry. I didn’t have enough money to buy anything besides some shitass bags of potato chips. “It will be okay Miss” said the old cowboy again and he then he mercifully fell asleep. What did that guy know about me? And God could suck it.
I missed a lot of the states because I just tried to sleep most of the time but I was really shocked when we rolled into Wyoming. It was in Cody and I could see these hills getting all purple in the dusk and the sky was a dying orange and pink sky. There were tall pine trees all around. It was beautiful. Frank’s parent’s house was also gorgeous. They had their ranch built on a meadow of rolling high prairie right out of a movie. The Grand Tetons were in the distance (the part of the Rocky Mountain range that’s in Wyoming are called the Grand Tetons). The mountains were covered in snow and the sky was so big and blue in the daytime and eagles were flying around in it. It was the prettiest shit I’d ever seen. 
Frank’s parents were nice and they cried when I told them what happened to him. I started crying which made me want to chop my head off but I forced myself to sit on the couch with them. I wanted to leave and see about hitching back to LA. But they asked if I would stay with them. They offered me a job as a ranchhand. They said I could sleep in the spare bedroom and muck out the stables and do odd jobs around the property. I got the feeling they wanted to take care of me the way they’d wanted to but couldn’t with Frank. I said okay. But I ended up not being able to handle sleeping in the house. It was too quiet and they’d left Frank’s room just as it was when he left and it creeped me out. I slept on a bunch of bales of alfalfa in the barn that were stacked about a story and half tall. It was warm up there and I liked hearing and smelling the sleeping horses. 
They had an older married couple who helped run the ranch and they were real nice to me. They taught me how to saddle horses and clean the tack and pick out the frogs of a horse hoof. The frogs are the inner part of a horse’s hoof and you have to take this little knife scoop thing called a hoof pick and you scrape out all the crap and dirt that’s gotten embedded into the hoof and held there by the shoe. Sometimes when you pick it out what’s underneath there smells like toejam. I enjoyed doing it, it was satisfying to make the horse comfortable and know I was eradicating microbes. 
I learned how to be a really great horsewoman. Frank’s parents said I had a “fine seat”. The horses were my buddies. I loved it up there. I had to have dinner with Frank’s folks every week but that was okay. They were real nice, although they were compelled to be up in my business. I was real grateful though that they gave me a job and a place to stay. It was the first time I ever had a job and I knew it was one of the coolest ones. They were concerned I was troubled or into drugs like Frank and they gave me a bunch of self help books to read. I only looked at one but I got to say it did actually help my self. 
One book said that all the negative stuff that happened to us in our childhood, all the traumas and shit people have said or done to us, that it gets recorded in tapes in our brain. These negative tapes tell us bad things about ourselves and the future. And that the reason people go to talk therapy is to get to tell someone what the negative tapes are saying so that they can be erased. 
But that the quickest and most efficient way to erase the tapes is to write down what they are saying longhand and then read it to someone else you trust. This is because vast chunks of the brain are activated during longhand writing, and you can excavate more crap out if you write it down instead of just talk about it. Then, when you read it out loud, your higher self, the most intelligent and aware part of your mind, can hear it objectively and discard what isn’t true, thus freeing you of the bondage of the negative tapes. 
I decided to write about my past. I was surprised because some weird shit came out. The first thing I ended up writing about was my mom, who left me and my dad when I was little. I didn’t even know it bothered me that she did that. I didn’t even know I felt abandoned. I even wrote down that I had been in love with Frank, which was of course true. I read all this crazy shit to Paula, the older lady that helped run the ranch. I knew I could trust her with these secrets. I started crying during part of it and she actually crushed me to her gigantic tits and said nice things that you would say to a little baby or something, like “There, there”. I’m not going to lie it felt good.
That was about six months ago. I’m still at the ranch. I’ve actually started saving some money. I don’t know, I could go to school if I wanted I guess, or travel and see the castles in Europe. I could get my own place even. I don’t know. Right now my only dreams are just to feel safe and I do here. And plus I got another dog. It never occurred to me that I could do that. He’s another little mutt, maybe part cattledog and some other kind of shepherd mix. He’s funny, he’s wiry like a little monkey and actually climbs up the hay bales with me every night and sleeps at the foot of my sleeping bag on his back! Like a cute dead cockroach. So I call him Raid. I love him. 



Fat Foodies No More


When I was a little guy… well, actually that’s misleading. I was fat even then. My folks were kinda fat too but not as bad. Just standard issue poisoned American, ingesting hormone/antibiotic pumped meat from animals imprisoned in factory farm cages and preservatives and pesticides in everything. Genetically modified corn and what not. Their bodies were taking a lot of heat but no more than most and plus they didn’t have the sick ‘n’ torrid relationship with foodies that I had. 
They were concerned but since my failure felt like their failure their inner cruel prom queens were constantly aroused and into calling me names. Mom did it in subtle ways, dad just used fatso and loser. It was hypocritical cuz they were overweight themselves but for some reason my obesity really shamed them. They would have been more upset if they’d discovered me drying numerous cat skins inside a shed somewhere but only a little. I’d mention something like that at the dinner table when I came over to visit. I’d say “You know, I may be 300 pounds, but I haven’t fucked any dead girls lately so I’d say you did your job okay. So just relax and gimme the fuckin mashed potatoes.” 
You know how some kids have a blanket or a pacifier or their thumbs. Well I couldn’t eat those so I didn’t give a shit about them. My mama doggie nipple device was my foodies. I just loved stuffing my face. It was how I coped with anxiety, fear of failure, happiness, boredom, and just plain being conscious. And I got territorial about food too. If someone stole one of my cupcakes that I’d baked special and kept in my school locker, I’d get so mad my face would turn red and then everyone would laugh at me. Some guys in high school had figured out how to get into my locker and pilfer the treats. They only did it occasionally because they were actually kind of my friends. Well not really.
I figured that out later in my thirties. All my friends were not bad people, but they did think deep down that they were better than me. On account of my resembling the kinds of mammals only gracefully ambient in water. So I thought, well fuck them. I had absolutely no power over the compulsion so I decided to give up on ever having meaningful human interaction. And certainly never with a girl. So I moved to a small town sorta far away from my past. It was easy for me to do. I was a teller at a corporate bank that had branches all over the U.S. I transferred to one in the Midwest, where I’d blend in better weight wise. 
My job was boring but there was one cool thing about it. I refused to do the sleazebag corporate sell on my clients. They were busy and they came to the bank to do their banking, not to be upsold on some fancy extra service that would only cost them money and extra time just to hear the stupid spiel. But they never canned me, in fact I made more money than most of the Senior Tellers because I was very fast. Fat people almost always have deviously nimble little fingers. I always got my people their deposit transfer or whatever, their hello, and their asses back out the door in record time. It was my one tiny source of self esteem. 
But it wasn’t enough and one day it started to get to the point where I thought I was going crazy. Baked goods weren’t healing the pain and antsiness any longer. I figured maybe I was gonna die soon. I’ve always known about spirit realms and God and whatnot, but I tell you I never had a use for any of them, until I started to freak out. I asked whatever was out there or inside me or whatever to give me a break and help me. I even embarked upon my 1,153rd diet. And I waited. 
My answer came on a frosty first week of April when a local meth head who’d just gotten clean tried to rob the bank. It was my turn to open that day which means I was the only one there. The way a lot of small beans banks work is, one worker bee shows up and gets inside. It takes two people to unlock the vault where all the dough and safe deposit boxes are (two different keys turned simultaneously) so the robber isn’t going to get much if he manages to commandeer the solo employee. Plus the vault is on a timer and literally can’t be opened even with a bomb until 9 AM which is when we officially open. 
Once the opener is inside he or she locks themselves in and conducts checks throughout the premises, to make sure no one has been hiding under a desk or been sitting on the pot since the day before and somehow managed to bamboozle the previous evening checks person. Once that’s through and everything is ok, I put a Bart Simpson rubber statue in the window facing west. This serves as a signal to the arriving personnel that checks are clear and to come on in. If the Bart Simpson rubber statue is not present, they are to wait some minutes and then cross the street to the gas station and call the cops. 
Our signal, per corporate regulations, is supposed to change every month- the item itself and its location. For a while we were putting up some different crap like my manager’s disturbed child’s drawings or a bucket of bad customer candy etc and varying which window they went in but Bart Simpson he’d been there for going on 2 years. I wasn’t the only one working there who was depressed and only enjoyed a small segment of one’s job. Turned out this didn’t matter. A real bank robber would have cased the joint and studied up on our routines but evidently Mikey thought this was unnecessary. He just hid in the bushes until I’d already unlocked the first door and stuck a water gun spray painted black into my back. He instructed me to go inside the little glass foyer and unlock the second door. Then we were inside. Mikey was a nondescript skinny man with a moleman hoodie on and dirty jeans. He smelled like Brut cologne and cigs and farts. 
“I’m Mikey” he said, and he held out his hand. I shook it. Then he looked around with interest the way my pet rat used to, when I’d introduced a new shoebox hideyhole for him. “Okay this won’t take long” he said. “Where’s the money?” I told him what I just told you, about the vault etc. He looked disappointed, crestfallen even. “What the hell?” he said. He did some thinking on the spot and asked to be let into the registers. Unfortunately for him, each register is balanced, recorded, and its contents are stowed away on a cart which we roll away into and lock in the vault room. So nothing doing there either. 
“Shit” he said. “Yeah” I said, “You would have been better off just coming in once we’d opened. Except you missed a spot on the end of your piece”. I pointed to an area the spray paint had missed, where some orange plastic glowed, denoting the gun’s maker as Toys R Us. Mikey seemed to take it in stride. “Well mistakes are the only way you learn” he said. “Would you mind making me a cup of coffee before I go then?” he asked. “It’ll have to be quick, Evelyn and Sharie will be here in about fifteen minutes” I said. Those stanky bitches. Actually I would have fucked either one of them with joy if they’d said ok. 
I prepared the cheapo stinky for your waiting pleasure before we bend you over one with a second mortgage or Advantage Fund Super Deal complimentary beverage and offered him a cup. He watched me pour desiccated fake creamer and real processed sugar into my cup. “That’s why you’re so fat!” he said triumphantly. I stiffened and felt my faces turn red. “Oh I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings” he said, “Don’t take it the wrong way.” “Exactly how else am I supposed to take it?” I asked. “Dude come on” he said, “Look at what you poured in that cup.” “What” I said, “It’s black coffee!” Why I was letting this guy discuss my weight for even a nanosecond I didn’t know. The last and only people to have done that were ye olde mother and father. “I’m on a diet. I don’t even usually like black coffee.” “Well of course you like it now, cuz it’s liquid fucking cake!” Mikey said. 
It’s funny how someone can remark on something to you that maybe a billion other people have already attempted to communicate to you, including the TV and yourself, and yet you never ever heard it. But oddly, at that moment, I became cognizant that I wasn’t just drinking black coffee. I had actually put a shitload of creamer and sugar fixins in there. I felt funny. I mean, this was not a rocket science type of breakthrough, but it was the first time I realized how and what I ate. First time I saw my life for real. Mikey had moved on and was telling me about how he wanted to rob the bank to pay for his pretend grandmother and then I snapped to and had to hustle him out the door before anyone else showed up. “Mikey, thank you” I said, “Really.” “Huh? Oh no problem” he said and he ambled off down the street. 
I never read about him in the papers so I guess he and his griftery self never got caught doing any thing. I was glad because he helped me. He took the time to actually care. Do you know that I changed after that? It was really hard. No more diets, just eating healthy and exercising. It takes the body a while to believe you’re not going to be runnin anymore HoHo trains on it so it hangs onto the fat as long as possible. Its just gotten used to functioning a certain way. That’s why a lot of fatties give up after six months or so of brutal carrots and low cholesterol and walking shoes. But you don’t quit before the miracle happens. That’s what my food sponsor says. 
I started going to a 12 step food addiction meeting and even enlisted the services of an organic dietician. Now I’m 155 pounds and I look good. I feel good too. Guess how I met my girlfriend (now I know what love and also a real pussy feels like and I cannot tell you what gifts these are). She is a wonderful girl and we’re getting married. Here’s how we met: I was in the hospital donating my extra skin. There was a guy down the hall who was a burn victim and he needed all the skin grafts he could get. I gave my skin to my fiance’s brother. That’s how we met. I think its quite romantic. I’m at present trying to locate Mikey because I want to invite him to the wedding.



Angie


Not all American high schools have a social caste system like in the movies. My friend went to one in a small town before she moved here and because everyone had known each other since they were kids, they weren’t vicious shitheads to each other. Also, almost everyone’s parents worked at the same mill so there wasn’t a great disparity in dough. I didn’t go to one like that. My gross high school was in a bedroom community of Seattle where a lot of richies lived and commuted into the city. A lot of their kids deep down had inverted inferiority complexes and that’s why they were mean to us. 
See, whenever someone has a superiority complex, it is always rooted in an inferiority complex. They deep down feel inferior so they try to find something that makes themselves better than you so they can feel like they have worth and are not so losery. The kids who were mean to me just had absentee parents who only gave them money instead of love or they had some perv uncle fucking them or drunk crazy moms whatever. 
I was very bitter that they ostracized me. The only way you got approval and Okayness from these children was if you were physically gorgeous or their court jester or drug dealer. Then you might be included. They didn’t think I was beautiful or funny, so I got hassled by the guys and a bunch of stanky popular bitches started calling me “the crazy girl” after when I told this kid who was diagnosed with testicular cancer that he didn’t have to poison himself with chemotherapy if he didn’t want to. There are alternative treatments that work with the body instead of against it.
I told him I recently watched a documentary about a doctor in the US who cures cancer and his success rate is higher than chemotherapy. He uses these non toxic peptides and amino acids that target cancer genes and tell them to turn off. These peptides also tell cancer suppressing genes to turn ON. This doctor is still working and treating people here, even though Big Chemo and Pharma which have been successfully controlling the FDA tried to have him shut down and sabotaged his clinical trials and sued him. But he is still curing people even after all the lawsuits because his patients he saved testified for him in court. His name is Burzynski and you can watch the documentary about him, it’s also called “Burzynski”. This kid thanked me and said he was going to tell his parents about it. I told him that was good and not to listen to what assholes at school had to say about it.
Naturally, I didn’t have a lot of friends so I got in the habit of being ok with being alone. It meant you had to read a lot. And be on the internet a lot. I had to eat my lunch in the library anyway. There was someone I liked a whole lot but it hurt my feelings to see him in the cafeteria so I just hid out in the library like a choad. This boy’s name was Corben and he was super handsome. He did all the requisite popular kid bullshit. He was a football star and he got good grades and he was fucking the future prom queen. She was really pretty. 
One time on accident I had to sit near them on the bleachers during a pep rally. They had squeezed the whole stupid school in and there wasn’t enough room. I was watching the cheerleaders cheer and do splits so they could flash their polyester vaginas at the crowd and I had a sudden vision of all their twats in a pile on the floor and wondered how stinky they must be. If you’re mean and snotty it’s a well known fact that not only is your soul black your pussy reeks too. There was a pope who actually was buddies with Hitler and get this- when this pope died his nose instantly turned black and fell off and a foul odor filled the room. One of the guards fainted. This is a true story. I imagine the mean girls’ pusses would behave in a similar fashion. 
Anyway, I had one friend nicknamed Jelly who was also a typical outcasty like me and when I leaned over and shared these thoughts with her she laughed and I looked over and saw Corben was smiling too. I didn’t think he could have overheard me but he kept staring at me in an odd way for the rest of the rally. I didn’t shoot him a fuck off look though because he had never been mean to me and I had an internal rule about not being an asshole to someone until they’ve already been one to you, even if they do seem to be part of the teen aristocracy. 
One of his friends was a sicko to me though. This guy’s name was Brett and he also stared at me in class and it made me uncomfortable because he would disparage my appearance. He said I was flat as a board and dressed like a homeless person. He always sneered at me when he looked at me. He was pretty gorgeous unfortunately but his vibes were so mean and plus he was always fingerbanging his girlfriend of the week in the back of the classroom. Totally gross. 
One time he made some comment about my eyes being too big in front of the whole class and I shot him down, mine wasn’t a good comeback but it had something to do with him having a tiny wrinkly brain and I don’t know some people laughed. And so I started torturing him. You didn’t even have to say anything too funny just say something shitty aloud about his designer jeans or how seriously he took his hair gel and it upset him. 
I liked that I had the power to rankle him but then one day right after the bell rang he pushed me up against the lockers and told me to cut it the fuck out. “Fuck you!” I said and pushed him off but he held me up there for a second staring at me and it was weird. His eyes looked like filled with longing for a second and then they looked hurt. It weirded me out and even though he had manhandled me I felt bad. 
I sorta understood then how chicks can be predators and get their boyfriends sent to jail. Sometimes a girl has the power to freak out a guy so much verbally and get her words all stuck in his head until he loses his shit and socks her in the face and then she calls the cops and he gets put in jail. Girls have all the power, with their verbal manipulation powers. I guess from an evolutionary perspective females had to evolve to be more crafty than guys in order to survive because males are bigger and were always hitting the females on the heads with clubs and raping them. 
It made me feel gross that my ego kinda liked the power for that moment. It had been too easy to get this Brett guy super upset. Plus, he almost seemed like he was attracted to me or something. I didn’t really believe it but it did seem like that for a split second. I was unaccustomed to guys thinking I was cute cuz none of them ever did. I was real skinny and didn’t have tits hardly which pretty much guarantees you will never get laid in high school. Same with if you’re obese. You’re probably not going to get fucked then either. And unfortunately there were a lot of those kids too since Big Agribusiness was allowed to poison the food with preservatives and pesticides and hormones and genetically modified organisms. That’s changing though. People are starting to turn their own lawns into organic farms. 
My parents never taught me any of these concepts. I never knew my dad and my mom was an alcoholic addict who died when I was four. I probably would have been way more fucked up about this but I got raised by my gramma Louise and she was pretty nice. She loved me. She was kind of strict and she thought I was a weirdo but she loved me and she liked it when I hung out with her in her garden, or when she was doing stuff around the house. She was pretty strong for an old lady. She didn’t have a body like mine at all. She wasn’t fat, she was really strong. 
She used to say I looked like my mom, more slender like but that upset me so she quit. I didn’t know why but I didn’t like talking about her. I mean, she was dead so what the fuck was the point? My grandmother I could tell wanted to talk about her own kid sometimes but I felt like sorry, you’re gonna have to find someone else to do that with. But she was really good to me and didn’t have much money but she always made sure I got good Christmas presents and new shoes for school and stuff. I got a part time job so I didn’t have to ask her for much dough. 
I worked at a filthy and poisonous fast food establishment. It was so gross but none of the kids from school came to it because it was across town so I could handle it. But I still had to scrub my entire body with a harsh loofah in the shower every night for like a half hour because I imagined the grease molecules were still clinging to my hair and skin. It was a nasty place to work but the manager was kinda nice. He smoked cheap cigars and talked about boring baseball all day long. He was always in a crotch mood because of his hernia but at least he wasn’t a perv. 
I knew a girl who worked at an ice cream franchise and the manager there tried to stick his hard-on into her butt one day while she was scooping ice cream out for a customer. She made him apologize right in front of the customer for committing such a heinous act of frottage. I overheard her tell the story outside at lunch but I wasn’t really paying attention. It was one of the times I wasn’t hiding out in the library. When it was sunny everyone ate lunch outside on the lawn. 
I was sitting against a tree and watching Corben. I had begun doing that since his accident. He tore his knee out during a game and couldn’t play anymore. It was a freak accident and the doctors said he would have to have multiple surgeries on his leg and even then he might still have a limp. I couldn’t help it, he had become more fascinating to me since this happened. Probably because he seemed depressed and I could relate to that. He hadn’t smiled much for the past year. 
Also, he had a pretty limp. You know how usually when people have a limp they move kind of jerkily? Well he had a more rolling gait after his accident. He walked faster in order to put weight on the injury for the least amount of time. He looked like a cat does when they are sorta trotting. It was very graceful I thought. His girlfriend Mandy broke up with him. That was the rumor. I noticed he started sitting further away from all the other roman senators and their skeezy girlfriends that comprised the popular group. He started to look more alone and by himself. 
That was how we ran into each other one night. Well it wasn’t night yet but it was getting dark. It rains a lot up here and is really pretty and misty grey almost all the time. I had to stay late at the library and missed my bus. I was going to have to walk to the city transit stop further away in the drizzle but that was okay. No one who lives in Washington bothers with an umbrella, that’s how you can tell if someone just moved here or not. I took the long way around the school under the giant pine trees. 
That’s another thing I really like about the Pacific Northwest, it has the most gorgeous tall pine and cedar forests. The Indians used to make clothes out of the cedar bark and they revered that tree as like a mom to them. Anyway, I was heading down this one shortcut path pretty fast when a hooded figure appeared out of nowhere and surprised me and I took a dip right there. I slipped in the wet earth and fell flat on my ass. “Shit” I said as the figure leaned over and put his hand out to help me up. 
“Oh shit I’m sorry” a dude’s voice said. “Uh” I said and I got up on my own. I didn’t recognize him and it was pretty dark. I felt for my knife in my pants pocket. “I’m ok” I said. The guy was tall, a couple inches over six feet. But I’m pretty tall too so I didn’t have to crane my neck to see who he was once I was up. “Corben?” I said. “Hey Angie” he said. Huh I didn’t know he knew my name. “Ya know my name?” I said. “Yeah” he said. 
Then we just stood there in the darkening gloom. Normally I flee the situation when I get nervous and I was right about to but then I forced myself to be polite. The path was all slick and muddy in the dark now so I said “Do you wanna walk to the bus together?” My voice sounded like a squeaky cartoon rodent’s. “Well I got my car” he said. “Oh right” I said. Oh god. “Okay well see you around” I said. I started to go and he said “Wait.” I turned around again. “Can I give you a ride?” he asked. I was starting to get the anxiety. “Um no thanks” I said. Now you’re really stupid. You’ve liked this guy for a whole year and you turn down his ride. Yeah cuz it’s a pity ride. He’s already seen you fall on your ass and now he feels bad that’s all. Plus yer ugly. “Please Angie” he said quietly. 
I said okay. I mean how sexy is that to say “Please” and my name all quiet. We were also quiet on the ride to his house. Yeah we went to his house! He asked me in the car if I wanted to and the way he asked me made me feel ok saying yes. I knew it wasn’t some joke he was going to play on me. 
It was nice riding in the car with him. It was warm in there and the wipers made a nice sound. When we got to his house on the hill you couldn’t see it until we were right in the driveway. There were more giant pine trees all around. The house was dark but still it was really pretty with big windows and a two story. “My folks aren’t here” he said. “They’re at a funeral back east”. “Oh I’m sorry” I said out of reflex. “I didn’t know the guy” he said, “It was one of their old college friends.” “Oh” I said. When we got inside he took my coat and he said hang on a sec and he went upstairs and came back down with a some folded clothes in his arms. 
It was a pair of boys sweatpants and one of his football sweatshirts and a flannel shirt and a teeshirt and a giant fluffy bath towel. He held them out nervously to me. It was really cute, like a little boy giving me a present. “Your clothes are all wet” he said. “Oh thanks” I said. My butt was still caked with mud. He’d given me a folder to sit on in the car. “There’s a bathroom down that hall” he said. “Thanks” I said and I took the clothes in there. 
It was the fancy guest bathroom I guessed because there was a tiny chandelier hanging over the toilet and little goony towels arranged by the sink. I didn’t feel funny in his house though, because he wasn’t acting snotty about it at all. He was being really nice. I put on all his oversize clothes. I had to roll up the legs of the sweatpants and the arms of the flannel and hoodie. I kept my own bra and underwear on of course. And I carried my backpack in one hand. I didn’t ever let go of it, it was like a security blanket. When I came out he was waiting for me in the kitchen. He was sitting on the kitchen counter. “Are you hungry?” he asked. “Sure” I said. 
He made us both up some bowls of cereal with raisin bran and vanilla almond milk. Then I remembered I better call Louise so she didn’t think I was run over. I left her a message and was happy I’d caught her while she was going to the bathroom or something. I told her I was going to be studying at Jelly’s til late and would sleep over. She let me do that on school nights since me and Jelly always got to school the next day and didn’t act the fool. 
Corben seemed happy too I wasn’t on the phone for long because he just started talking to me. “I’m real happy you came over Angie” he said. He got a carton of orange juice out of the fridge and took a swig. Then he handed it to me and I took a swig too. “I wanted to talk to you. I mean, I’ve been wanting to talk to you.” “Oh” I said, “Um well I wanted to meet you too”. “You did?” he said and it seemed to me his pupils dilated. Which is sign a boy wants to fuck you. 
“Well sure” I said, in answer to his question. I was proud of how smooth I was being. When really I figured my pupils were dilating too. Instead I tried to concentrate on my cereal. Then I asked “Do you miss football?” It was the weirdest thing- like I was suddenly in a parallel universe because I had spent such a long time looking at this guy in the halls and never once thinking that he might know who I was. It was like watching a movie star from afar or something. But now I was in his kitchen wearing his clothes and they smelled like him and they smelled good and familiar. And we were having a conversation. That’s the only way I can describe it- I was in some new parallel universe. 
“I don’t miss it at all” he said. He lifted the carton out of my hands and took another swig of juice and then handed it back to me. “A lot of those guys are assholes.” I knew they were. I’d heard about Joel. Joel was the quarterback and not such a prince. He’d actually ended up in a school for bad kids. He roofied some chick and raped her and bragged about it. I remember the day Joel got kicked out of school. It was last fall and we saw Joel leave the school on a stretcher. There was an ambulance. He was all bloody. We just knew there had been a fight but not what about. No one knew who’d beat his ass at first but then it was all swirling around that Corben was the one. I guess no one saw anything because the fight went down in the locker room and there weren’t a shitload of guys in there at the time. Then it came out about the roofie girl. 
“You’re the one who kicked Joels’ ass huh?” I asked. I knew it was him. “Yeah” he said. “You didn’t get suspended?” I asked. “No” he said. “The guys that saw it, they just watched it but no one would rat on me so the coach and the principal didn’t get to find out. Joel just kept going on about fuckin her and I told him to shut the fuck up and he wouldn’t so I punched him and he got one in and we ended up on the floor and I kicked his ass. He was a fuckin creep” He paused, “But half the guys wouldn’t even talk to me after that and then I got injured so I don’t even give much of a shit about football anymore anyway. It wasn’t fun anymore.” He gently kicked the kitchen cabinet with his foot. “And now I look like the Elephant Man.” He grinned. 
“You don’t look like that” I said. “Your limp is actually really sexy. You look like a big cat.” Then I turned red. “Yeah?” he said and he laughed. Then he looked at me. “You look cute in my sweats” he said. “Thanks” I looked down and my felt my face turn redder. “Hey ya wanna go swimming?” he asked. “Okay” I said then he took my hand and walked me through the living room and some sliding glass doors and then there was a lit up pool outside, steaming in the rain.
Corben was already taking off his sneakers and sweatshirt. “Its totally beautiful” I said. It was too. The big dark wet pine trees were all around it and the only light came from the pool itself, casting bluegreen shadows up into the wet boughs of the trees. Then he was in his boxer shorts and he leapt into the water. Did a real smooth dive. He swam really graceful and again the image of a big blonde cat popped into my head. He looked like a mountain lion in the swimming pool. I’m not a bad swimmer but I was still standing there. 
I walked over to the water’s edge and he flopped his elbows over the side by my feet. “Well you do want to come in right Angie?” he said. I laughed. “I got no bathing suit” I said. Truth be told I was also nervous. “I could just jump in” I said. “Do it” he said. So I did a cannonball into the pool. I came up sputtering, probably cuz the clothes were too heavy. And my eyes were stinging for some reason. Maybe it was a reaction to the chlorine. Or it was just my body trying to ruin my life. I started rubbing my eyes. “Ouch!” I said. Great now I would have crazy red eyes and a smoosh face for him to see. “What?” he said. “I got something in my eyes hang on a sec.” I started swimming over to the shallow end. 
He swam after me and picked me up in the water while I rubbed my eyes. He made me open them so he could look in there. His breath smelled like pine needles and rain. I suddenly forgot about the sting and I leaned over and kissed him. His lips were full and when he put his tongue in it was delicious. We made out for a while in the warm lapping water and then he stuck his hand down my pants. “Hang on” I said. 
I sloshed out of the water and brought my backpack over to the edge of the pool. I put it on the tile and pulled off the sweatshirt in front of him. He was still in the pool looking up at me. I rolled off the sweatpants and eased back into the pool in my teeshirt and bra and underwear which were completely see-through at this point. He got behind me and hugged me while I reached into the backpack and got out my emergency condom pack. I’d never had cause to use them but they were in there just in case. He laughed and hopped out of the water and rolled one on. First time I saw a guy do it. Totally weird but it was fun and I was really turned on and so wet everywhere. He splashed back into the pool and pulled me to him. He put his fingers in me first. He gently rubbed me down there and I felt so slick against his fingers. He pulled up my teeshirt and bra and cupped my breasts in his hand bending down and sucking on my nipples. I wrapped my legs around his hips. Then I put him in me. “Jesus Christ” he said. And we totally did it in the pool. It hurt a little at first but the whole hymen thing is kinda baloney once you’ve been using tampons and experimenting with vibrators since fourteen like I had. 
That was the night I lost my virginity and fell in love with my first serious boyfriend, Corben Dayson. It was weird walking to class with him and everyone staring. Jelly said we looked different. I said how? And she said we looked happier. That made me feel good. I really cared about him. I’ve told him stuff I’ve only told Jelly and it was actually easier to talk to him about my parents then with anyone else. He had an older brother who died, no one knew about that cuz it happened before they moved here and I’m the only one he told about it. It was fun talking and even funner fucking. Life was suddenly very sweet. 



Maid Marian


My wife is a beautiful woman. And sort of ageless, which is very rare for a redhead. She’s forty but people often think she’s ten years younger than that. I’ve seen high school boys look at her. She gets a lot of attention. And this is not just because of her physical meat package. She has a lovely kind warm smile and I don’t know much about auras or metaphysical things but I would have to say she has a good one. She is a very kind, self effacing, and real. 
And she is one of those women who doesn’t know how good looking she is. She doesn’t wear makeup or sexy clothes. At least what you normally think of as provocative, with their tits up around their neck or high heel nonsense. She does however have a few peculiar sartorial quirks. She works as a high school guidance counselor and has explained to me she just got into the habit of business casual wear since that’s what is generally appropriate for educators. But I found some high school pictures in a yearbook she’d tried to squirrel away in her closet and she had the exact same outfit on then! 
What she wears every day is a dark pair of slacks, navy or very dark charcoal. They fit high up on her hips and drape down them, hugging them loosely yet perfectly. She has long legs and the slacks make them look even longer. She pairs this with a cotton white woman’s blouse tailored to look like a men’s button down but cut attractively for the female form. It’s always tucked in of course. Her shoes are classic penny loafers in black, with the tiniest bit of an elevated heel. She looks like a sexy librarian. Or a sexy lady FBI agent. It still turns me on sometimes even though I’ve seen her a million times. She’s kind of nutty in this area. “It just makes me feel safe and ordered” she said once. My wife’s name is Marian. 
All the kids call her by her first name too. She says surnames are for gasbags. I actually ask my patients to call me Joe now instead of Dr. Gardner because she teased me about it. I was a young brand new internist when we met and still nurturing notions of self importance and god complexity. At one point she overheard me telling a customer service agent I was on the phone with “That’s Doctor Gardner” and she laughed at me. But I took it like a man. She’s good at letting you know when you’re being a fool without getting your hackles up. This is one of the reasons she is so good at her job.
My wife really enjoys her work. She does a lot more than just help Sally pick out whether she’s going to do Home Ec or Typing on third period. She really helps these people. She singlehandedly got one kid to not only stop vandalizing the school but also achieve a C average by the end of the year-just by requiring him to attend behavioral modification themed chats with her twice a week (and his transformation was no small feat- this child was a habitual truant, and only showed up to school to tag the grounds with giant cartoon phalluses and defecate in the public bathroom sinks). 
She’s driven kids to Planned Parenthood, when they could not get a ride or were terrified their strict parents might find out they were sexually active. Her kids are over at our house fairly frequently too. They adore her and I enjoy it too. A lot of these kids have some neglect or abuse issues going on at home, which I can relate to since my stepfather was an alcoholic bully. I knocked him out cold when I was sixteen though, and after that we had a fine understanding. Anyhow, one of Marian’s kids is named Carl, he’s a real nice kid and has been through some stuff as he has spent a lot of time in the foster care system. We shoot some hoops in the driveway sometimes. He just got accepted to U-Dub. We’re really proud of him. 
Marian and I never had children and I suppose her kids are sort of proxies. Neither of us are infertile or anything like that. I guess we just never got around to it and did not feel a tremendous void in our lives without babies. Well, actually we do have one baby. Bownzer my old dog. He’s a brown lab and looks like a miniature walrus. We’ve got him on a special diet which has really helped get his weight down but I know for a fact he’s managed to find some neighbor’s porch where they leave cat food out and he’s pilfering it. But Marian and I have discussed this and we don’t want to lock him up in the house while we are away at work because he loves his freedom. He is actually something of a local neighborhood celebrity because of it. 
When I first moved here (about a year and a half before Marian and I met), Bownzer was still a puppy, less than a year old. But he’d already developed some of his own behavioral weirdnesses. First off, he rubs his ass on the carpet. It’s pretty disgusting but the look of ecstasy on his face while he did it precluded me from yelling at him. At first. Eventually when I started to freak out it still didn’t matter. He’d give me a haunted sheepish look and then proceed to do drag his anus anyway. A coworker of Marian’s suggested anti depressants for him but we both that was retarded. 
Marian was finally the one who came up with the brilliant idea of purchasing a rectangular patch of carpet for Bownzer to ease his affliction on. Sure enough she managed to train him to just wipe his ass on it and not anywhere else in the house. I am so grateful. His carpet is located in a discreet place behind a couch in the living room and we take it to the eco friendly dry cleaner every couple of weeks. But this isn’t why Bownzer is famous. 
Bownzer found a dead body. Well, a part of one. See, before we had to put him on his diet, I always brought him home a nice big bone from the butcher each weekend. And he had a particular modus operandi with it. He always felt simultaneously proud of and very generous with his bone and when I’d be relaxing in front of the TV at night he liked to climb up on the couch and place it lovingly in my lap in case I wanted a chew. This was one of Bownzer’s acts of love. 
Well one evening he’d spent a little longer outside than usual. I’d already showered and was half asleep on the couch when he climbed up there and joyfully dropped a man’s severed arm in my lap. “Holy jeezus shit!” I yelled and jumped up and fell over the coffee table. 
I of course called the police. They never found the rest of the person the arm belonged to. They located the particular trash can Bownzer dug it out of but did not find anything else in there or in the other cans or at the county dump. They think it was related to drug dealing activity. Some of my earlier patients still make jokes about that story. I told Marian about it on our first date, which I suppose was a slightly grisly choice but you have to remember doctors are kind of distanced and clinical when it comes to the body.
That’s another area Marian and I have found compatibility in. I discuss bowel functions and mucosal secretions at the dinner table and she doesn’t mind one bit. She harbors no Puritanical hangups about the human body, and has a strong stomach. She finds my work interesting. We both fart on the couch together. And then blame it on Bownzer. It’s a match made in heaven. 
And we are there for each other. I got viral encephalitis five years ago, I’d been working too hard and stressed out about my dad who was sick and I ended up running my body too far down. Marian had taken me on a ski trip try to give me a break. We weren’t gonna do much skiing, more like get a change of scenery, sleep in, relax in the hot tub, and roast marshmallows. But upon arrival I promptly shit my pants in the hotel lobby. 
She got me upstairs and cleaned me up. I was already delirious. It hit very suddenly. I went from just feeling drained and little achey to having not one but two grand mal seizures. They carried me out of there on a stretcher. It took me a full six months to get back on track, and she was there for me every day. She took a leave of absence from work and cared for me herself. 
Last year, when one of her parents got sick, I really wanted to be there for her too. Her mother was a smoker and drinker and she was diagnosed with emphysema. Once she was released from the hospital, she was very depressed and fretful about being chained to an oxygen tank and Marian and me were over at her house frequently trying to cheer her up. 
Marian and her mother were not close when she was young, Marian said they butted heads constantly, that her mother was a control freak and a hard ass. It upset her to see someone who she once perceived as so powerful to be scared and feel so vulnerable. Yet they did begin to form a relationship they’d never had before. I saw a genuine bond begin to develop. It was cut short when later that summer her mom contracted pneumonia and was gone in five days. Marian was very broken up about it. And she stayed sad for a long time. 
She went to her grave a couple times a month and I knew she was having a hard time. She was definitely depressed. It had been a year. I wanted to be there for her but I wasn’t sure what to do. We used to do a lot of fun things on weekends like going to the shooting range together or hunting for chanterelles in the Olympic National Park or catching a movie and dinner in the city. But something told me I’d have to come up with something different. 
 I don’t know what gave me this crazy idea or why I thought it would be appropriate but here’s what I did. One time years ago Marian had told me about a secret fantasy she had. She and I have always had a great sex life but we never got around to any kind of role playing or sex toys besides a vibrator. We were always pretty straightforward sexually. 
But I’d remembered she told me one time how it might be fun for me to pick her up in some public place like I was a stranger, and take her to a hotel room. I thought that sounded corny as hell but I didn’t want to hurt her feelings. I asked her what kind of stranger am I? A tall dark one? And she said No, you’d be a scientist, a brilliant man, doing secret work for the government. Again, I thought that sounded somewhat lame and not that sexy really but she seemed to have it clear in her head how she’d visualized it. 
I finally just said “Hmm interesting” and I let it drift. She never brought it up again either because I think even though I didn’t mean to, I embarrassed her. And the truth is, it’s because I was embarrassed. I am more comfortable in the world of science, I perform better in these well defined parameters. I never liked theater or artsy stuff. I guess I am afraid of not being good at something. At not getting it perfect. My folks always wanted me to be perfect. I guess it’s strange to have all these deep revelations come up all just because my wife had depression and I was thinking of finally initiating some harmless sexual fantasy with her but I did experience these particular insights. 
I had some anxiety over this! But Marian had already helped me out because all I had to play was a scientist, and as a physician, that is not a far stretch. So first off I did some research so I would have a good script. I got on the laptop and learned about Nanobacteria. And then I waited until Friday and I rescheduled a couple patients so that I would have the afternoon and evening free. On Fridays, Marian customarily does some shopping downtown and then has a coffee at a certain coffee place and starts to unwind from the week there. I know this because I’ve talked to her on her cell there many times. I even know which specific couch she sits in.
I figured this would be the perfect place for her to meet the handsome and mysterious stranger scientist. I almost wore these wall street suspenders I graduated in but decided against it. I drove down there and parked. My palms were sweaty. I looked at my mug in the rearview mirror and took a deep breath and cruised on in there. It was a rainy windy day, what the ladies might term romantical. I stood there brushing the rain off my coat and saw her over at her favorite couch. There was a couple and a few students and teacher types sitting over there too, with laptops and coffees. 
It had been a little while since I’d seen her out of context, not in our home, but in a public space as a separate autonomous human. We hadn’t gone out since before her mom became ill. Looking at my wife I was struck by how beautiful she is. She is still the prettiest woman I have ever seen. For a second I got a little turned on staring at her and thinking how I could have her. It gave me the courage to approach her. She was all surprised to see me and got up to give me a hug but I was prepared for that and said something cheesy like “I don’t believe we’ve met before”. She looked at me funny and so I quickly launched into my speech about how I was a lonely military biologist in town for a seminar and that I saw her from across the room and knew I had to introduce myself. I actually stuttered.
She started laughing and I could feel my face turning bright red. I was about to start laughing too but I was trying really hard to stay in character. But then she was like “Oh no! I’m sorry… okay uh” And she pulled herself together like she had caught on and then she smiled and put out her hand and introduced herself. “I’m Marian” she said. I shook her hand and she invited me to sit down, and made room on the couch for me. 
I sat down and she asked me where I flew in from and I said DC (pulled that one out of my ass) and then she asked what I did for a living and that’s when I said “M’lady, allow me to explain to you about airborne nanobacteria.” 
I told her I specialized in the study of the smallest pathogenic bioareosols we know of, excluding viruses. These nanobacteria, while significantly smaller than other cellular organisms, are thought to play a major role in the spread of disease and even in the formation of raindrops. Naturally the government is highly interested in the potentially crucial role my nanobacteria play in the “global dispersal of infective agents” as well as the “nucleation of raindrops.” 
“What’s nucleation of raindrops?” Marion asked, and she crossed her legs in my direction.
I said that these tiny bacteria are excreted through the urine of various creatures, and after the fluid has evaporated, the winds simply blow them up into the atmosphere and stratosphere. Sticky proteins found on the surface of the nanobacteria act as very effective cloud condensation nuclei; they have a strong tendency to aggregate or stick together, forming clusters upon contact which creates a cloud seeding effect. When the clusters become large enough, they also become heavy enough to “drag” a raindrop down to earth with them. Thus, simultaneously creating precipitation and spreading potential disease across the globe with the rains. 
Marian was looking at me very pleased I thought. I hadn’t seen her get this much of a kick out of anything in months. She murmured, “That was fascinating.” And I said “Yup.” And then we sat in an awkward silence. Then she scooted closer to me and asked where I was staying. “Oh yes right!” I said “I got us a hotel room! I mean,” I paused and deepened my voice. “I have a very nice suite at the Carlyle, if you care to join me”. She smiled real big and said she would. I helped her on with her coat and we took a cab to the hotel.
As soon as we got into the room we were tearing each other’s clothes off. I was so surprised how hot she was for me. And I was getting really turned on. It felt like the very beginning again. We were making out and I unsnapped her bra and pulled her panties down. Her bush is magnificent. There is a scene from some movie I saw with the actress Julianne Moore in it and she’s nude from the waist down. It is very apparent Miss Moore is a real redhead. My wife has the same almost supernaturally beautiful firecrotch. Her bush glows like a radioactive peach. I was so happy to bury my face in it. It had been a while. We fucked like teenagers again. On the bed, on the floor, back on the bed. 
And then afterwards, we ordered room service and I lit a fire. We ate our hors d’oeuvres and mashed potatoes on a rug in front of the fire. I looked over at her. At my lady. I sat there beaming at her. 
“Thank you” she said. 
“Maid Marian” I said, and I kissed her. 



My Pink And Black Heart


My adolescent years were the worst ones of my life but it’s strange. Lotsa people seem to want to go back there. I see old guys polishing their garaged classic cars. Listening to Sleepwalker. And see that they have this thing, a bizarre desire to continually revisit the time when one first became sexually mature. Maybe they had good times then, maybe they didn’t. But they still want to go back there. Like wanting to revisit a crime scene. My teenagerhood was a crime scene literally though. 
I killed an intruder in our home. It turned into a straight up nutso media circus and my face was all over the national news and then some cheezeball crime show did a reenactment episode about it. The actress who played me was a lot prettier than me and had no zit scars. I just hid out in my room for a year because there were reporters around outside the house and they followed me to school. Only one person treated me normal during that time, he was the first person who didn’t make me feel like a freak and who I could actually talk about it with.
Here’s what happened: When I was a sophomore, someone broke into our house in the middle of the night. My parents weren’t home. They are divorced and I was at my mom’s house for that weekend. She was up north visiting her brother and my favorite uncle who’d just gotten diagnosed with diabetes type 2 and she was helping him throw out all the bad foodies in his house. I was sleeping in my room (I used to sleep in her bed when she was away cuz it’s giant but that night I’d passed out amongst a bunch of books in my own bed after studying for a Bio final). I woke up for some reason, I thought maybe I’d heard a noise. 
I looked at the clock and it said 2:23 AM. I lay there for a moment and then I really did hear something. My adrenaline completely spiked because it was the sound of a person and they were upstairs. I heard doors closing. Someone had just opened and closed the spare bedroom door. Then I heard them open and close mom’s door. 
For a second I froze in the bed like a paralyzed bunny. Then I don’t know something just turned in me. I got out of my bed very carefully so as not to upset the books and have them fall on the floor and make a noise. I had to hurry because I could hear him coming down the hall towards my room. Our house is old and has hardwood floors. It creaks a lot when you walk around. I didn’t even have time to grab something- the door was opening as soon as I had gotten to the side of it. All this happened in an instant. He opened the door and I leapt on him. I wasn’t positioned exactly on his back because he was sideways to me in the first place. I jumped onto his back and shoulder and he yelled and then crushed me against the doorjamb. It knocked the wind out of me and I heard something crack in my back. I was going to fall off him but before I did I reached up and dug my fingers into his eyes and hung on. I dug them in as hard as I could and moved them around so I could get past his eyelids and try to rip the balls out. I did get my fingers in their good. I felt the blood and he howled and staggered away from me. I looked around and grabbed my swimming championship trophy from the seventh grade which had a very heavy base with a sharp edge. He had whipped around by now and was lunging for me. I brought the trophy up and smashed it down on his head. He just stood there for a spilt second and then he fell to his knees. I hit him again with it and then he was on the ground. I hit him again and I hit him again and I straight up didn’t stop until his brains were in my hair. 
In the movies, the girl always manages to get the attacker good once. Like enough to temporarily immobilize him. But then she just runs away screaming like a dumbass and he always manages to get up and grab her before she gets out of the house. I wasn’t going to let that happen. That’s what I told the cops when they arrived and I could finally talk. I had managed to call 911 and was just sitting on the bed in my room with the guy’s body when they got there. I couldn’t move my left arm or shoulder and I had thrown up. I don’t even remember the rest of that night. And I didn’t ever see the guys face it was too dark, I didn’t see it until they IDed him. 
Thirty two year old white male Darren Plaister had a drivers license in his glove box in a 2005 Pathfinder parked a block from my house in front of our neighbors who have these giant hedges out front. He’d brought a black Jansport backpack in with him and set it outside my bedroom door out in the hall. Inside it had duct tape, a plastic laundry line, and a heavy flashlight. They found microscopic amounts of vaginal and anal secretions and blood on the handle of the flashlight. He’d entered my room carrying a hunting knife with a blood gutter and dropped it on the floor during the struggle. 
He worked in customer service for a software company the next town over. People at the office said he was a nice polite guy on the phone and in person. He had never been charged with any crime and they never were able to match the DNA on the flashlight with any missing girl’s, so he was posthumously charged with breaking and entering with intent to commit a felony. I saw his parents in court months later cuz in my state if you kill an intruder in self defense in your own home you still have to show up for a hearing and stuff. 
His mom was crying and his dad looked really freaked out. Afterward his dad came up to me and said he was sorry. He was the same height as the intruder but he was nice and I felt compassion for him because he looked like he was in pain. The mom didn’t say anything to me, she stayed in her chair. I didn’t know what to say to the dad so I just muttered I was sorry too. Which then gave me anxiety because I worried for a split second he was going to blame me for mutilating his son. The news was blaring it all over the place. And there were gag videos of it on the internet. Retards took scenes from movies where someone gets their head beat in and they took my head and put it on the actor’s head. Then they dubbed in some high pitched cheerleaders voice saying stupid shit. It was like this dumb meme and some of the videos had millions of hits. 
It freaked me out really bad that everyone knew who I was and was collectively staring at me. I felt really self-conscious. Some assholes in the media who just wanted to spew sensationalistic bullshit were saying that I was a psycho. On account of how wrecked Darren Plaister’s body was, like how one of his eyeballs was reported to have been hanging out of his head, dangling by its optic nerve. They went into really graphic detail. But most everyone thought I was an upstanding young American citizen defending her life and home bleh bleh or they just acted afraid or in awe of me. Either way I got treated like a freak among the denizens of my own age group.
I never had many friends anyway, I was a weirdo to begin with. I was shy with other kids and after the divorce when I was twelve I withdrew more. And then I became one of the unpopular skinny ratso kids in high school rattying around in old black hoodies and pajamas and straight up disfigurement level pizza face zits. I got them freshman year and was in a depression. They went away by the end of it though because I diagnosed myself with a milk allergy and stopped eating dairy. Actually, everyone is allergic to milk I learned, especially pasteurized milk. 
Milk is a major cause of acne, and lots of other diseases but especially cancer. See, cancer can be caused by a lot of things but it’s the human growth hormone called Insulin Growth Factor-1 that is the number one cause of tumor growth, and has been identified as the key factor in breast cancer, lung cancer, prostate cancer, and others. And this is amazing but get this: this growth hormone in a cow’s body and in a human body is identical. 
Out of 4,700 different species of mammals and hundreds of millions of different proteins found in nature, there’s only one hormone in the entire animal kingdom that is identical between two species — human and cow Insulin Growth Factor-1. All the countries that eat the most dairy also have the highest rates of cancer. They are drinking a substance that is supposed to help a baby cow grow and instead it can help tumors grow. Another thing they do is homogenize milk (whip it up real hard so the fat globules become very tiny and stay suspended in the fluid without separating back into bigger chunks of fat that rise to the top as cream). The newer tinier fat globules surround the growth hormone molecules and make it harder for the body to process the growth hormone. The body can process and destroy this deadly Insulin Growth Factor-1 in raw milk in like a second. It takes the body a full 30 minutes to process the harmful hormones in pasteurized milk.
There is enough growth hormone in organic cow milk for it to be bad, and then they add even more hormones to the poor factory farm cows that they treat so horribly. That’s a whole other part of this, how cruel factory farming is. It is so bad for the cows, and for the environment and our health. But even an organic cow’s milk is not good for us. And it’s cruel to make an animal lactate for years on end. It’s hard on their bodies and it’s physically uncomfortable.
Big dairy eaters also have the highest rates of osteoporosis. The truth is, you hardly get any calcium from milk, because the body has to actually burn its own reserves of calcium to break it down. Your bones actually get weaker if you ingest it. When milk was raw it probably wasn’t as bad because it had live enzymes that helped digest the milk’s proteins but now it’s pasteurized and the enzymes are all dead. 
Dairy proteins are also potent allergens, this is why a lot of folks get bloated and all mucousy in the back of their throats after they drink it. You can ask any singer, they won’t touch milk before a performance. 
And you get zits from it because they milk cows who are about to give birth, and that “pregnant” milk has all kinds of special hormones in it like estrogen and progesterone and melatonin and of course those extra hormones are going to throw your own hormones out of wack and give a lot of people zits. The solution is to stop dairy. When I did my face finally cleared up.
I learned all this online from Dr. Robert Cohen, who’s a doctor trying to get people off dairy. He even cites Dr. Spock, whose book on child rearing has only been outsold by the bible. Dr. Spock has been saying all these years that humans should not drink milk from other species. 
Anyhow to get back to the story, remember how I mentioned there was a person who treated me normal and was real kind? This person’s name was Aiden. When I first met him the previous year I thought he seemed like a nice cute guy but assumed he’d never want to actually hang out with me. And then I didn’t think about him again for like a year. I guess his sexiness needed time to steep into my consciousness and then all of a sudden I realized he was pretty fantastic. 
I think the moment I knew I was in love with Aiden was when he let me explain all the milk facts to him and he acted interested in them. He was asking questions about human growth hormone instead of what it was like to kill a guy. Of course he asked me that too but by the time he did I trusted him and didn’t mind. 
 Before he started coming over, we’d only spoken to each other a little bit in a freshman chemistry class a couple times. And we’d smiled at each other I guess. I couldn’t figure out if he was just being nice to me cuz he would’ve been nice to a deformed monster too or what and then it didn’t matter because the class was over and then it was the summer and then the whole freakshow thing happened and I became Boo Radley.
But one day he actually came up to my house and rang the frickin doorbell and when my mom answered he introduced himself as my friend! She was just thrilled I had a visitor and came running up the stairs and banged on my door that a friend had come to see me. I acted all hermity and yelled through the door that I had no friends. And then I stiffened in fear. Who was it? Could it be some bitch I knew from Girl Scouts ten years ago and who wanted to be able to tell her friends she’d been to Polly Madsen’s house? 
But my mother sent this person up with some sandwiches and despite my anxiety I let him in! I guess I was lonely and also really getting bored with my own self. There’s only so much television you can absorb each day plus my homeschool homework was laughable and sad and I don’t even think they noticed if you did it or not. I wasn’t embarrassed to let a strange boy in my room because I keep it very neat and impersonal like a hotel room. You weren’t going to see anything gross in there like dirty underwear or stuffed animals.
This Aiden was a handsome guy and after I let him in and shut the door behind him I regarded him like he was an alien specimen. He was about five ten and muscular in a lean swimmers way, since that’s what he was. He had nice light brown hair and symmetrical features and clear eyes and was still the same cute boy from school. He set all the food and stuff down on my desk and introduced himself as Aiden, my old chemistry classmate. I asked him what he was doing here. He said he’d heard I’d turned into a recluse. And I was taken aback by his directness. I was unaccustomed to teenage boys being direct yet civil with me. Before all the stuff happened they just ignored me or occasionally asked what I had underneath my sweatshirt. 
So I answered him directly and asked him how come he cared? We’d only talked a couple times. And he said that he thought it sucked I had to drop out of school. I just looked at him with a fishy look on my face, basically the Charlie Brown squiggly line mouth you give someone if they just stopped being direct and switched to being lame. And then he said that he liked me and wished he’d said so last year. 
I didn’t have anything say to that. I just was quiet. And then he asked if he could sit down and I said okay and he sat on the floor next to the bay window that opens up to a big sycamore tree and overlooks the backyard. And we just started talking. It was different than when we were in school. We made small talk for a while. He acted really comfortable with me, and it set me at ease. Just all natural and no one’s a weirdo, everyone here is completely OK and how’s homeschool homework going? I told him it was busy work. 
He asked me if I was going to hide out in my room for the rest of high school and I said maybe. He said my room was pretty cool and I said thanks. I asked him how many brothers and sisters he had and he said he had a little sister in middle school. His parents were divorced too and he lived with his mom and stepdad, whom he said he really liked.
Then he asked how come I’d worn my pajamas to school every day. He laughed and said it was funny because I was wearing them right now too. I got embarrassed because I was aware he was looking at my body through the flannel. Then he said you know, I think what you did was really brave and I don’t think it should be a big deal beyond that. 
I didn’t say anything about that and just asked if he wanted to watch TV and he said sure and we spent the next hour and a half doing that. It was decidedly strange because we didn’t say much. It was far from relaxing because my stomach was so nervous with acid butterflies on account of him being cute but I had already talked so much more to him than I had to anyone in the last year so I was happy he was cool with just watching tv. 
I told him he could have clicker control if he wanted and he sat on the floor and I sat on the window seat and we both watched some cartoons and shit like that. He got up to take a pee once and I did too and I got him a drink of water and some for me and that was that. When it was dark outside he said he had to get home and I asked him how he got here and he said he drove. And then he asked if he could come over the next day and I said sure.
And he did come over the next day! My mother looked at me with her eyebrows raised and I just ushered him quickly up the stairs. That second visit he couldn’t stay long cuz he had practice and he asked if he could come back later that night and I said I wasn’t sure if the mom was going to be hovering around in the hallway if he did that and he said he could just sneak in up the tree outside my window and turn it into a cinematic entryway through my bedroom window. 
“You sure you could do that?” I asked because its actually a good three feet from the window ledge and he said no sweat. (And in case you’re wondering, that wasn’t how the perp got in. He jimmied the lock of the kitchen door that opens up to the side deck of the house). So he came back that night. This time I gave him some dinner leftovers in Tupperware and we talked about what we were going to do after high school. And he asked if he could have a glass of milk and that’s when I told him why that was a bad idea and he truly really listened. I think he still wanted some but he was really reverent about whatever information I had to convey. 
 And I listened to him too. Aiden didn’t say much so when he talked I really paid attention. He told me how his parents didn’t have much money and if he didn’t get a swimming scholarship he was just going to go work for his cousin fixing cars. That was how come he had a car, he and his cousin worked on it together. I said I thought that was cool. He asked me what I was going to do and I said I didn’t know. And then he said I should think about going back to regular school because I’d have a better chance at getting a scholarship too. “You’re really smart” he said. I told him thank you but that I thought college sounded like a retarded corporate scam. He said “Well I still think you should come back.” I didn’t say anything. That’s what I do when I don’t want to talk about something anymore. Finally he changed the subject and asked me if I liked dogs. I said I really did and when I got my own place I wanted to adopt a big one (couldn’t have one now because my mom was allergic). 
Aiden said he had a dog, a girl dog named Lucinda and she was old now but he loved her and she slept in the bed with him. He said she picked up her own toys and put them back in a wicker basket when she was done playing with them. I thought that was really cute. Then he made a move and we ended up having sex. He just reached over and put his hand on my shoulder and I leaned in and we started making out. And then we dry humped for a while and it was delicious feeling his hardon digging into my pelvis. Then I got the condoms out of the sock drawer, and we did it a bunch of times.
We had to be really quiet because my bedroom is right above the den and I knew mom was watching TV down there and she doesn’t ever turn the volume up very high. He also ate me out and I gave him a blow job and I don’t ever spit I always swallow- it’s mean to spit. Some cum does taste gross but his didn’t, because he is an athlete and doesn’t eat a lot of garbage food. He made me come the first time and I was surprised because it had taken way longer to happen with the other guy I’d done it with. I guess I felt comfortable with him. And I was so grateful, it was like getting to order a cock pizza and have it delivered right to your door. I’m sorry that’s kind of a jock thing to say but I had never expected I’d have sex while I was a fugitive! 
“I’m so happy you’ve been visiting me” I told him. He said he really liked me. And from then every night he’d climb up the tree, jump from the branch through the window like a spider monkey, and then we’d do it. My room has its own bathroom and there’s a bathtub in it. This room used to be the master bedroom of the house, but in the seventies the previous owners added another room down the hall so that’s where mom’s room was so I got to have a master bedroom too. 
I loved that I had my own bathroom. Before I had to share with my mom and then she and my dad had to sell that house we were in because money was tighter after the divorce. But then my mom got a raise and her mom lent her some money for a down payment on this house, which was a fixer upper but the rooms we lived in were really cool. 
I thought that after the break in I wasn’t going to want to live here anymore but I never got those feelings. It didn’t even feel weird that I was fucking Aiden in the same place that a year ago had been covered with blood. What I did still have was some nightmares though, and some jumpiness. I slept with the lights on and when the house creaked I got stress diarrhea sometimes. I hadn’t told anybody this not anybody because I was embarrassed. But I told Aiden. 
We were taking a tub together in the big old bathtub. I liked leaning against his chest feeling his dick against my ass and he would touch me from behind. Oh my god he was sexy! We tried doing it in the tub one time but the water sloshed all over the sides and I slipped and hit my chin so we were just hanging out in there, listening to Elvis. He’s one of my favorites.
I love how his hair is blue black like how they color superman’s hair in the comics. And I know he dyed it black and was really a blonde. He was copying Roy Orbison he said, one of his heroes. 
We were listening to him sing “Blue Moon” which is an awesome kinda creepy version. I told Aiden I loved Elvis. And he said “Yeah?” I said “Yeah. Did you know Elvis’s favorite colors were pink and black?” “That’s cool” he said. I said “Yeah they’re mine too.” Then we were quiet listening to the song. 
We’d been hanging out for three months by then. He told me some private stuff, like that he got anxiety before his swim meets. We talked about it and I asked him what he was anxious about. Like if he thought about it, what was it that caused the fear. He was quiet for a little while and he said his dad used to say he was a loser and when he didn’t perform well he felt it maybe it meant he was a loser. I told him he wasn’t a loser. I could feel him smiling behind my head. 
In light of him telling me private stuff like this I felt comfortable enough to tell him I still had some nightmares. Aiden was turning the hot water spigot on and letting some cold water out and then he stopped. “What happens in them?” he asked. I said “I just know he’s in the house or whatever and then I wake up.” He was quiet. I squirted some water out of my palms. And then I shifted over to the other end of the tub so we were facing each other and our knees were sticking out. 
“And I have ones where I’m sitting at school in class and I can see the reporter vans parked outside and then I’m back in my room but it’s all brightly lit, its so bright I can’t even see and it’s not my room. I just mostly feel like everyone is looking at me at school” I said. “I know” said Aiden. “They probably are. But if you came every day and they just kept seeing you eventually they’d get bored and not care anymore” he said.
“Huh” I said. But that actually hadn’t occurred to me that they probably would get bored after a little while and not be hyper aware of my presence anymore.
“You know some slimey publishers approached me and want me to write some teenbop true crime book” I told him. “I told them no because that seemed cheezer and really invasive. I didn’t want strangers knowing anything about me.” Aiden didn’t say anything. “And you know,” I said, “it is true, his eyeball was dangling by its ocular nerve” “So?” he said, “The dude deserved it. I would’ve ripped his face off too.” And he got his angry jaw line. 
What I liked about Aiden was he really didn’t think I was a weirdo. It was like he had a life so much bigger than all the other choads. He wasn’t all fascinated by the lurid aspect. Aiden really helped me chill out.

***

So get this. I went back to school the next year. And I took the book deal. I decided to on the condition that I could write whatever I wanted in it. They agreed and me and my mom got a 60,000 dollar advance. And I wrote about milk allergies and acne and I was really happy to do so because I hoped a lot of teenagers would read the book and then they’d know all they had to do was get off dairy and their pizza faces would improve. 
I even wrote about the perp and said I decided he was a really young and twisted soul. I read some things about reincarnation even. I put this whole metaphysical section in my book! This one spiritual teacher said “A being is the sum of it’s incarnations”. I did more research into what that could mean and found all kinds of stuff, like that there are souls that are very old and evolved with a lot of empathy and wisdom and skills because they’ve had many incarnations to develop this stuff, they’ve gone through a lot more karma than a younger soul. I looked up what “karma” meant and basically it’s cause and effect. Whatever you do comes back to you, and it’s not the Universe’s sick idea of revenge, it’s just a teaching tool. It’s how people learn lessons and gain empathy. The people with very young souls are the ones that do the most fucked up shit because they barely have any empathy. But they are going to evolve too, as they progress through their karma.
I wasn’t sure if anyone was going to read all this and I decided not to give a shit, I already had the advance. I entitled the book “My Pink and Black Heart”, as a nod to Elvis and as a reference to the a-holes who called me a psycho on the internet. I can honestly say it isn’t some big deal now. And I’m not so isolated anymore. I am in college now and I actually have a couple friends. I tried to give Aiden some money too but he said since he got his scholarship he’d be cool. He’s doing really good. We ended up going to different schools and don’t talk as much because we decided that would be best for now. It was rough and I really miss him but I have a feeling our paths will cross again in the future. I’m pretty okay with being in the Now anyways though. I’m just so relieved I’m not in high school anymore. 



Hi, I’m Robert’s Father


My son is only 26 but he has been sober for 9 years. I was surprised to have an alcoholic child. One in ten people are alcoholic. That’s still only ten percent of the human population. Plus, I’m not one. It’s a genetic disease and a spiritual malady is what I understand now. They have to be willing to admit they are powerless over alcohol and try to live by spiritual principles or the genetic quirk in their brains that compels them to drink takes back over. I wouldn’t have found any of this information relevant if it hadn’t been for my son Robert.
Robert was always a different kind of kid, even as a little boy. My wife agreed. She wasn’t an alcoholic but she went through a phase in her youth when she got involved with cocaine. That’s another thing I learned. There are some people that are just addicts, they aren’t alcoholics and once they get off drugs they can drink like normal people. 
But if you’re an alcoholic, drugs aren’t safe either, all mind altering substances are poison. And there are some alcoholics who prefer drugs over booze but if they do drink it just takes them right back to drugs, thus revealing their alcoholic gene. They identify as addict alcoholics. My son is one of these. All this was very confusing to me at first. 
My wife related a little better to Robert than I did maybe because she had a self destructive period when she was younger. But it wasn’t that I didn’t love Robert. I love that kid so much, too much really. I had a piss poor relationship with my own father. I was an angry young guy. My father was a military man, very strict, very religious. Undemonstrative in his affections. Consequently I was an atheist in high school. Then a little later I decided God was simply the highest part of my own consciousness, and it was superior to my lower consciousness, my ego. But I still wasn’t exactly on friendly terms with Mister or Miss God until I met my wife. 
She was simply delightful in so many ways, and she also helped me with my anger. She was a spiritual woman, and was very interested in a variety of religious figures and metaphysical phenomena, but not in a poison Kool-Aid kind of way. We were in accord there. I never had a problem with accepting that there are some folks who can work “miracles”, or affect reality in ways science doesn’t quite have a bead on yet; I did a lot of reading in college about psychic phenomena and the fascinating government and military research done in this area, and about documented Native American shamanic healings, things like this, and I had no problem accepting there were folks capable of this stuff- I just didn’t see why people had to revert to baboon consciousness and deify them. Or get so devoted to any particular dogma that one of these people may espouse. 
An intelligent reasonable approach to the divine and of consciousness in general makes perfect sense to me. I have read nothing in various books such as “Autobiography of a Yogi” that conflicts with our current understanding of quantum physics. 
I loved my wife Lisa very much. We enjoyed each other’s company and I also found her tremendously sexy. She had riveting blue eyes and while I found her very physically attractive it was just her easy going intelligence that really turned me on. For example, it was so pleasant when Robert was born and she agreed with me that Robert should not be circumcized. I wasn’t going to mutilate my son’s genitals and was so happy she understood it was a barbaric harmful practice. Ten percent of the organ’s sensitivity is lost when you cut off the foreskin. 
I understand why people get divorced. Most of the time it’s over money problems, but the rest I imagine has a lot to do with simply not being on the same wavelength when it comes to important issues in this life. She and I for the most part shared that same frequency. She thought I walked around with a “perpetual bowtie” on and was uptight (her words) and she was right. Then I’d tell her she was always late to appointments and had other egregious things wrong with her and she agreed. And we’d end up laughing.
Lisa was killed when Robert was six; her car was hit by a semi truck with faulty compression brakes, also known as “jake brakes”, coming down the Grapevine. No one else was hurt in the accident. I didn’t do her memory a discredit by going backwards and turning back into that depressed (quietly angry) young man for too long. I knew she would want me to stay happy for our young son. I will be honest, I was filled with rage and despair for I’d say for about six months. My mother moved in and took care of Robert. Me and a stinky bathrobe and the couch became good friends. I was a young and rising commercial architect but I turned the two projects I was working on over on to some associates and did not go to the office once in close to a year. 
But eventually I came out of it, really for Robert. I went back to work but was able to do so on more of a part time basis because we received a settlement from the trucking company (I did find a bloodthirsty lawyer who was worth every penny I paid him). I wanted to make sure Robert would come through this as unscathed as possible and he did do okay. He missed his mom but children are extremely resilient and shrewd survivors. His little brain calculated that as long as he had one parent present and accounted for, he would get the necessary food and love required to survive and grow into a fine adult human. Which he has. 
His boyhood years were trying for both of us though . We were similar in the way we both thought deeply and carefully about the important concepts but he was much more physical than I. I don’t mean sports either. He was never interested in those. He was a violent kid. He was suspended in the sixth grade for beating up another boy in his class and breaking the kid’s nose. I suppose his parents could have sued the school as well as me but their child had actually instigated the argument by physically bullying a smaller student. Robert came to that kid’s defense and witnesses there backed this story up.
I didn’t punish Robert, I actually praised him for protecting somebody weaker than himself. But I told him he needed to be able to control himself when he was in situations like this because if he severely injured or killed someone else he’d end up in jail regardless of why the fight started. And that is giving someone else complete power over you.
He asked me if I ever got in a fight and I truthfully told him only once. He asked what happened and I told him about a high school fistfight I’d been involved in. He asked if I won and I said I had, but I wasn’t fighting to protect somebody or for my honor etc. It was just a stupid pimply high school fight. Robert said okay dad and then continued to get into altercations as he got older. The suspensions were frequent in junior high and then into high school. A few involved him sticking up for another person but most of them were responses to personal attacks. If someone called him a name or hassled him in any sort of threatening capacity, he simply in his words, “beat the shit out of the fucker”. 
Robert was not a large guy, he was of average height but tremendously strong, wiry with fast reflexes, which I like to think he inherited from his old man. He had a luxurious head of dark hair like Lisa and her blue blue eyes. It sometimes startled me, because he was very handsome and looked so much like her. I suspected a lot of guys got in altercations with Robert because they called him a pretty boy. I knew he was also considered one of the “artsy” or “punk rock” kids, and it seemed it was many of the sporty type guys, the jocks, with whom he ended up tangling with. I never once heard of Robert fighting a guy who looked like he did. He dressed oddly, in old teeshirts with mysterious sharpie written messages and symbols on them. Black tight fitting pants. Sneakers with more sharpie messages. 
Robert rarely lost one of these fights and luckily by the time he was sixteen, they seemed to have subsided and I guessed this was because people were afraid of him now.
As he progressed into later adolescence, he began to read constantly and liked engaging me in philosophical conversations. He confided in me too. He told me when he was fifteen that he believed he was mentally ill. I was taken aback. I said “Why son?” And he said because he had repetitive thoughts and and that he felt bummed out all the time. I asked him what his thoughts were about and he said he was worried about the planet being poisoned by the corporate feudal system (his words). 
He told me he had a reoccurring dream about being trapped in a house. “It’s a brand new house and it’s built with toxic petroleum based carpeting and paint and particle board. Everything looks creepy and it stinks like chemicals and there is no life,” he said. “There’s no water coming out of the faucets and no food in the fridge. It’s a sterile place and a place of farts and death.” 
I found this dream alarming and asked him if he felt it was a metaphor for growing up without a mother (I was concerned that was what had caused all his problems) and he got exasperated with me and said “No, it’s about what could happen to the planet if the government allows big business to further ravage it. Just everyone dead from carcinogenic chemical poisoning.” 
“That’s not going to happen son” I told him and he asked me why not and I told him his generation was going to fix it. I told him “You guys all have the internet in your pockets, you are so much more evolved and educated. You’re higher souls.” He said he constantly worried that humanity was going to fuck it all up. He said “Big Energy has begun using wind power but they don’t give a shit that those windmills are killing the bats. The frequency of the wind turbine rotating fucks up the bats’ sonar and they fly right into them. And it’s all so retarded because solar power is way more efficient than wind and even works in cloudy places. But anyways, we need the bats to eat the bugs or our crops will die. They are also almost as important as bees when it comes to pollination. But the pesticides they spray on the crops are fucking with both the bees’ and the bats’ immune systems.” 
I told him he should write to his congress people and put out a blog and I remember my chest welled with pride. My son was so smart. I suggested he get involved with an organization like Greenpeace after school. He seemed to think this over and thought it sounded like a good idea. And as far as his mood problems were concerned, I offered to take him to a therapist but he refused. And he seemed a little more light hearted after we talked. I waited hopefully for him to join some activism groups and thought how great it would look on his college applications but the closest Robert got to Greenpeace was a picture torn from a magazine I found in his bathroom. It was a famous picture of a young woman protester who’d chained herself naked to an oil tanker in San Diego. She was very cute and very nude. The photo was next to a squirt bottle of lotion. 
I was so proud of him though for thinking about important issues. But then other behaviors began to manifest. The police pulled him over for driving around with a coffee cup glued to the roof of his truck. The cops ticketed him and escorted him home. His vehicle was an old four banger pickup he bought with the money I paid him for helping me reroof the house the summer before he turned 16. I asked him what the hell was he thinking and that he could have caused an accident. He told me in his freshly changed oddly deep voice that he hadn’t thought about that, he just thought it was hilarious to see people pointing at him frantically and “losing their shit” while he was driving around. The cops informed me they’d caught him rolling down his window and flipping off one of these concerned citizens before attempting to drive off. One of his idiotic girlfriends was with him at the time and she thought Robert was hilarious too. Well, I put him to work at a friend’s house refinishing their roof and I took away his truck for four months. That seemed to focus him for a little while. 
But he began acting more strangely the next year and I just could not stand the young women he was spending time with. One in particular I did not approve of as I overheard Robert joyfully telling a friend that this girl “sexted” him a photograph of her vagina replete with a tampon string hanging out of it. I was happy when this female moved right along but another soon took her place. Each of his harem looked lost and mean and I suspected them of being high. Then I realized Robert was high. 
He stopped talking to me and hid out in his room or stayed out very late. I knew he was skipping classes and then the report card came and it was F’s and Incompletes. He got a DUI before Christmas. And then a second one while driving a friend’s mother’s station wagon. It was frightening how quickly he disintegrated. I found pieces of tin foil in his room smeared with a brown substance and I told him he would have to go to treatment or leave the house. He wasn’t rude to me but just smiled sadly and left that evening with an old duffel bag. 
I didn’t see Robert for almost two years. It was the worse thing that ever happened to me and I wanted to wring his fucking neck I was so worried. I never even knew where he was most of the time. I drove around many nights looking for him. I lost thirty pounds. I’d heard he was staying in the city at some squat but could not locate him. There were other kids there though, living amongst some old sleeping bags and needles and turds. I asked them if they knew Robert but no one would talk to me. I gave them some twenties. It seemed like such an incongruous waste and I couldn’t figure out how it could have happened so quickly. 
I blamed myself. I found myself apologizing over and over to Lisa. And experiencing deep rage at God again. But then miraculously I received a phone call from the hospital and Robert was in it. He had tuberculosis but it was responding well to the intravenous antibiotic therapy. He’d been living in a tent on someone’s property, having heroin and beer for dinner each night. 
When I first saw him I was shocked. He looked like a cartoon skeleton. But a smiling one. He seemed really happy to see me and I started crying. For the first time in years he brought Lisa up and told me he had talked with his mom. I was afraid to press him for details as I had never had a ghostly visitation myself but that was all he wanted to say about it. He looked different inside. More peaceful. When he was released from the hospital he expressed a desire to go to AA and I let him move back in with me. 
He stuck with the program and will have ten years sober this February. I went to a lot of meetings with him in the beginning, and still attend open ones with him from time to time (open meetings are ones where non alcoholic visitors can attend too). He has always managed to got to two meetings a week even when he’s working overtime (he now co-owns the second largest solar panel installation company in the state). I feel very grateful that I got to watch Robert grow up and commence to living. I know Lisa is very proud of him. I haven’t had to worry about him as much for some time now. I’ve actually even started dating again.



There Ain’t No Cheeseburgers Where We’re Goin


My father was an avid historian, he was particularly passionate about Ancient Rome. Thus my bedtime stories were of an educational and bloodtinged variety. He made up a fictitious Roman soldier and each night gave me more historically accurate details about this guy’s life. The soldier’s mother told him to fight for the glory of Rome and to come back home either “Carrying his shield, or Lying upon it”. 
I asked my dad what that meant and he explained that their shields were so big that they used them as gurneys. I asked my dad what a gurney was and he said a stretcher. Oh I said.
The Roman Empire was very large because it had conquered great swathes of land, and all of the peoples living on them. But why it was so successful for so long, my dad explained, was that these people’s lives were often much better after Roman occupation. Wars back then actually spread new ideas because it was often the only time these different peoples would mix with each other. Before that people would just kill a stranger if one happened to wander into their little tribal settlement. During Roman occupation new trade routes were opened and people were taught more efficient farming methods such as building aqueducts to carry water to the fields. Also, all the young men were given a job. They had to be soldiers. At first this was very dangerous because brand new recruits had to start at the frontlines of each battle and thus run the risk of getting creamed first, said my dad. 
But, if they survived, they got to move further and further back in the ranks until they were relatively safe. After 20 years, they were allowed to retire and given a sizeable plot of land bequeathed to them by the Roman empire. There they could farm and enjoy their families. 
“It still doesn’t sound like a very good deal to me” I said. “Fighting for twenty years”.
“Well you have to put yourself into a certain kind of guy’s shoes” my dad said “which may be difficult for you since you are a small girl” (he smiled and rumpled my hair that unfortunately stuck straight out like I’d been electrocuted). “But for certain soldiers,” he went on, “The battle was what they lived for. Some were germanic tribesmen and they already had a very rich warrior heritage. When they transferred their allegiance to Rome, they fought for her with that same passion and pride. These guys were young men and healthy and full of vigor. They could not wait to get out on the battlefield to kill and destroy their enemy. It was a rush. It was the ultimate assertion of manhood.”
“Huh” I said. 
“Anyway, the Roman soldier loved his wife,” said my dad, getting back to the story he’d made up, “But his true passion, his true calling, was War. He got high off of it. The joy of using his testosterone fueled aggression, skillfully manipulating his muscles and weapons in three dimensional space, so that he could smote his enemy. He loved this. He loved the feel of his sword cleaving flesh”. At this point my mom would yell “Michael!” from down the hall, warning my dad he was getting too explicit with the violence. So then he’d tone it down for a little while. 
“Was that how it was for you in Vietnam?” I asked him. My dad’s name in the army was Sergeant 1st class Carter and he was assigned to Military Assistance Command, Vietnam Special Operations Augmentation, Command and Control Central, 5th Special Forces Group, 1st Special Forces in 1970 when he got shrapnelled all to shit trying to rescue one of his wounded buddies and he received a Purple Heart. 
“No” he said.
I loved my dad. I loved my mom too but I could talk a little easier with my dad for some reason. There was one thing I thought I couldn’t tell him though. Which was probably silly because in addition to Ancient Rome, my dad also knew a lot about other faraway lands and cultures. He’d told me a lot about India and their gurus who could work miracles like levitating and manifesting perfumes out of thin air. He even showed me a black and white picture from the 1920’s of an Indian yogi meditating, only the photograph shows that while he is doing this he is hovering about a foot off the ground. I asked my dad if the photo was real and he said it was. 
But when I brought a dead bug back to life I didn’t think I could tell anyone. The first time I did it was at age eleven. I was sitting in the back yard in the wild weedy lawn that sort of resembled my hair. Dad never mowed the lawn and my mom had given up asking him to. I was just sitting back there quietly like I do when I found a big black beetle next to one of my hands in the grass. It was dead and laying on its back. Its poor little legs were sticking straight up in the breeze. I picked him up. “You are very pretty” I told him. He was. His shell had a marvelous sheen to it, even though it was pure black it had rainbows deep inside it. “What happened to you?” I said. “I’m sorry you died.” 
I held him in my open palm and just held him there not thinking anything besides that I guess I was going to have to give him a dignified burial and that I wished he was okay. That’s when his little leggies began to move again and he flipped over and crawled off my hand, giving me a little antennae wave as he went.
I figured he must’ve been faking and was alive the whole time and kinda decided not to think about it further. But then another thing happened while I was walking home from school one day. 
I was fourteen by now and I was in an extra bad mood. A girl had been mean to me. She’d moved here from Texas. Her parents were rich. Her name was Dahlia and I thought it was a pretty name. I told her so in the cafeteria, even though I didn’t know her yet. I never had too many friends. I guess in my head I thought maybe this new girl might become one. She had hair that unlike mine, was soft and smooth like a bird’s wing. She wore it in cute barrettes. I had fantasies of her showing me how to fix my hair like that. So I went up to her and said she had a pretty name. And she looked at me like I was a bug in jar (not the way I looked at that beetle). I waited for her to say something back, but she was just staring.
“Your daddy is a gas station attendant” she finally said. “Yeah so?” I said. Who’d she think she was, J. Edgar Hoover? My fists tightened and I punched her in the face. I got suspended and sent home early. I guess she just hurt my feelings too much. She insulted me and my father in front of everybody. I’d even told the principal I wasn’t sorry. I was still very upset as I was walking home. 
That’s when I saw a run over squirrel in the road. There was no doubt about his being dead. Blood had come out of his nose and butthole and a little bit of intestine was visible through his fur. I started crying because his little face still looked so cute and all of a sudden life felt so mean and cruel. I picked up his lifeless body and carried him over to the side of the road.
I placed him on some nice soft pine needles and sat next to him. I told him I was sorry what happened to him and how I figured he must have been scared. But that it was all over now and he was okay, wherever he was. And I’m not kidding that’s when his eyes snapped open. I don’t know how to describe it because it happened in slo-mo too. The whole thing was instant and slo-mo at the same time. His little eyes opened and the blood on his nose and butt evaporated and the intestines whipped back in his belly with an almost imperceptable zipper noise. And then he was looking up at me with the silly naughty look all squirrels have.
He didn’t run away. He got up on four legs and shook himself like a wet dog does drying off. Then he squatted on his haunches and licked some blood off his fur, like he was preening and making himself pretty. Then he crawled up onto my knee. Carefully I reached out to pet him. I was afraid he might run away scared. But he didn’t. He let me pet his fur. He was soft and warm- and alive. Then he blinked his eyes at me in the sun one more time, rubbed his head in my hand, and then ran off. I watched him go up a tree and then run across a powerline and then hop up another tree trunk and then I couldn’t see him anymore. 
I knew I hadn’t hallucinated it. I’d never done drugs. And I knew I wasn’t crazy. Oddly, the experience made me feel better. It was lovely to witness such a miracle. I still didn’t think I did it, I wasn’t even touching his body when it happened. But I felt like it was a beautiful gift that I got to behold, just like the beetle only even more hardcore magical. And it sort of vindicated me in my own head. This must be why I don’t have lots of friends, I thought. They sense something different about me and this is it. I get to see stuff like this and they don’t. 
So I walked home in a much better mood. And things weren’t actually as bad after that. My parents weren’t too mad about the suspension and the rest of the year was uneventful. And I even got a boyfriend the next year. His name was Henry and he was real nice. He’d moved here also from Texas but wasn’t anything like Dahlia. I had him over for dinner and my folks liked him. Then the trippiest thing of them all happened. It started like this: 
Across the street some guy was repairing our neighbor’s roof. From far away he looked normal enough, maybe a little greasy and with a mangy beard. My dad didn’t like him because he said there was something off about him. I did notice the guy looking at me in a creepy way when I was taking out the trash one time but I just ignored him whatever. But then later another day when I was walking home from school the man said something to me about my pussy while he was putting some tools away in his truck. I just said up yours to him and would have been done with it but my dad was out in the yard and I don’t know how he managed to overhear it cuz he’s actually got a little hearing loss but sure enough he did and my dad ran over there. I was yelling at my dad to stop but he was already across the street yelling what the fuck did you just say to my daughter and then he cold cocked the guy in the face. Our old neighbor came out yelling too and it was this big drama. But the man came to and my dad told him to watch his mouth and the man said ok and he got in his truck and didn’t give us a dirty look until he was moving down the road. The neighbor Mr. Hastings was all apologetic. He said this guy wouldn’t be coming back, that he’d just finished the job that day.
“Bill why the hell did you hire him in the first place?” my dad asked him. Normally my dad helped Mr. Hastings out with house repairs. None of us had too much money in this neighborhood but we all kinda looked out for each other. Mr. Hastings looked sort of sheepish and started talking about how this guy named Dan had knocked on his door and said he could do the job for cheap. I went back in the house so he wouldn’t be embarrassed. I think he just felt bad asking my dad to help him all the time so he spent some money he didn’t have.  I could hear my dad talking to him about it and then they went into Mr. Hasting’s house for a while.
So the issue was resolved and I didn’t think I’d see the creepy guy again. And we didn’t for a while. But then a few months later I ran into him at the station where my dad worked. My dad was in getting change for a customer and the guy Dan pulled up in the big green pickup truck. He leaned out the window and told me what a pretty girl I was. I told him he was too and went inside the minimart to wait. When I came back out he was gone. “You tell me if you see him again” said my dad, “Piece of shit”. It surprised me to see my dad get so aggressive, he hardly ever did. And Dan just seemed like some perv to me. 
I saw him at a distance a couple more times. One time driving down the highway going the opposite way of me and another time at the grocery store closest to our neighborhood. He was buying condoms and eggs and slim jims. Gross. But I didn’t think he was following me. 
One evening I was cutting through the Bureau of Land Management woods to get to Henry’s house. There’s a fire road behind my house and I walk down that a ways before I can get in the back way into Henry’s subdivision. Henry and I always had an hour together alone before his parents got home from work so we had the house to ourselves and could be as loud as we wanted while we did it. 
It was twilight and drizzling and I heard a large truck coming up behind me but when I turned around I couldn’t see anything because the headlights were in my eyes. I stepped off to the side in some brush to give it room as it passed and then there was a blinding flash of light in my head and I disappeared. 
I came to and realized I was vomiting. I tried to move my hands and looked down and saw the puke rolling down duct tape. From my shoulders to my crotch I was mummified in duct tape. My head was killing me. I looked around and there was Dan sitting in the drivers seat of his truck and I was apparently up in the cab with him! I looked back down. He’d duct taped me into the passenger seat. 
He grinned at me. “I got ya just like a mailbox. I beaned ya with a baseball bat and dented your head”. 
I was sick again. I couldn’t see out of one of my eyes. All I could see was a dark purple glow. 
“Let me go” I said as my mouth filled with puke again. He laughed and then his voice got stern. “You’re making a mess of this cab, lil girl” and he flicked me in the scalp. I started hollering. He laughed again. I began thrashing myself around but I was stuck tight. My mind began to race even though it was all pulpy. I didn’t want to get raped. I didn’t want to die. My mind was a spinning rolodex like the one on my dad’s boss’s desk- I saw names instead of faces I saw my dad’s name and my mom’s and Henry’s. I saw the Roman Soldier. I remembered the stories my dad had told me. I got to be brave like him. I must smote this enemy and drink his blood I thought. “I want a cheeseburger and strawberry milkshake” I said. Evidently I was delerious.
“There ain’t no cheeseburgers where we’re goin” said Dan. I lolled my head to try to see out the window. It was dark and rainy out there. On the edge of the headlights beam I could see pines. We were still on the fire road I figured but way further up the mountain than I’d ever been. And he was going really fast. 
The truck barreled up the road for I think about ten minutes while I went in and out of consciousnesss. Then I heard him yell “What the fuh-!“ and all of a sudden the whole front of the truck sounded like it was caving in. My head was jerked back against the headrest as the truck made impact with whatever it just hit. A loud unearthly scream issued from outside and I saw a huge yellowish form sail over the hood of the truck. 
“Goddamn it fucken christ” said Dan and he got out of the cab. He was gone for a minute. I was craning my neck to see where he went when he appeared on my side in my window. It scared the shit out of me. He was holding up something in his arms. “Look what we hit” he said. I couldn’t see it very well. My eye was worse and it was really dark out there. “Goddamn it put the fucken light on then!” he exploded. He reached in the window and snapped the ceiling dome light on. He elbowed me in the chest while he did it. “Mmmhmm” he said, acting like he could see my body underneath all the tape. Then he stooped down and picked up the thing again. 
I saw what it was. A full grown mountain lion. He was holding the neck under her large head and grunting from the exertion. Her eyes were open and glassy and her tongue was bloody and hanging out of her mouth. Half her face was smashed in and I could see brain matter. 
Abruptly he turned around and dragged her dead body behind the truck. I heard him thumping around as he got the gate down and put the body in the bed of the truck. The glass partition window between the cab and the bed was smashed out so I could smell her wild cat scent right behind me. Then he went around to the front of the truck and inspected it. The headlight illuminated him and I saw there was blood all over his wife beater and Carhart pants and his green trucker hat had fallen off somewhere, revealing his greasy brown skullet. “It looks okay” he called to me and jumped back into the truck, threw it in reverse, straightened out, and we were back on the road.
“Grill’s all fucked up and we’re out a headlight but that’s alright” he said. “I’m gonna keep her. I’m gonna mount her head on the wall. I know a taxidermist buddy of mine. He’ll fix her good.” He looked over at me. “And he’s gonna love you. He’s gonna be impressed with you. My lil girl.” He leaned over and stroked my jaw line. I shuddered away from him but he grabbed my neck hard and squeezed. 
“You’re gonna like me” he said and he wrenched my larynx until I thought he was going to tear it out. When he finally let go I was coughing and then I was sick again but there was nothing left, just dry heaves.
“And who knows” he said, “Maybe when I’m done with ya I’ll put your head up on the wall too. And your titties. And yer cunt and yer asshole so I can always play with em”. 
“That’s fucken gross” I said. 
“Goddamnit” he said and he punched me in the stomach. And so I passed out again.
When I came to he was driving quietly. He noticed me looking at him and he started talking again. “Gotta take a piss” he said. “I’m gonna do it in front of you, so you can get a nice idea of what’s goin straight up yer a-“ but then there was that fast yellow movement and I heard a deafening growl and she had him.
The mountain lion was halfway through the cab separator window and his neck was in her jaws. He wasn’t even yelling her teeth were probably in his windpipe. Her head was all in one piece again. Magnificent and undamaged in its noble feline splendor. I heard juicy sounds and growls and saw arterial blood shooting into her gorgeous sunlight colored fur. The truck swerved off the road and plowed through thirty feet of bushes and hit a tree. It wasn’t going fast enough to throw us through the windshield though. Besides I was completely taped down. 
In a graceful fluid motion the lion jumped out of the truck with Dan in her jaws and trotted off dragging him. I could hear more wild kingdom sounds several feet away. And that was the last sensory stimulus I was able to record until I woke up to flashlights and men hollering. 
Henry had called the police after I didn’t show up at his house and my folks didn’t know where I was either. It was early dawn when they found me in the truck.
And Dan’s carcass wedged high up in the crotch of a nearby tree. Paw prints and cat piss circled the bottom.
“Holy shit” the paramedic said. 

***

I don’t think I told her to do it, or put it in her head. I think she wanted to protect me. And also was way pissed at Dan for running her over. All I know is that she saved me. As for the other  thing, I don’t think its me exactly that can do it anyway. I’ve looked through some of my dad’s meditation books and near as I can tell, energy is something that flows through you. It’s not your own power exactly, you’re more like the pipe or the conduit. I don’t know why it happens. I don’t really see it as having anything to do with me. Except I have been thinking that after I graduate high school I could join the peace corps in Africa and maybe be able to save the elephants and rhinos and other animals around the world. I’d like to do some good with it. It only works on animals. I know because I was in the hospital room when both my grammas died and nothing happened with them. They stayed dead.
I’ve since demonstrated the thing for Henry. Made some bugs come back. And a dead lizard on his patio. It doesn’t work every time. I showed my dad too. With a dead butterfly. We got to watch it fly away into the sun together. It was funny he didn’t act all shocked and horrified like I know my poor mom would. She’s a little afraid of the devil and ghosts or other supernatural anti-bible type things. My dad’s the one who gave me the metaphysical books. Maybe he would’ve been more freaked out if I’d just told him about it one random day. And Henry too. But seeing as how it saved my life, weird miracles are kind of put in perspective I guess. Sometimes I watch for the lion when I’m out walking in the woods. I’d sure like to pet her and tell her thank you. 

The Rabbits


When our mom got sick I was the one who moved home to take care of her. Our dad was out of the picture and I was 35, single, no children, so it looked like I was going to be the lucky one. My older brother and sister both had one percenter corporate Sheriff of Nottingham jobs that they wouldn’t leave. And my job was willing to give me as much time off as I wanted. I’d been a full time cashier at a health food grocery store for many years, since I gotten out of high school, and they said they could put me on an extended leave and I could come back whenever. 
I wasn’t any more wild about our mother than my siblings but I didn’t think she deserved to go to some nazi care facility either. So I guess you could say, even if I didn’t love the ole bag exactly, I still was going to make sure she got her poopy diapers changed and a clean feeding tube and her gross orange lipstick on. 
Since she had the gastronomy feeding tube I figured at least I didn’t have to cook. I just got these cans down from the shelf that looked like perverted baby formula and poured them into a plastic IV bag which was attached to Mags’s feeding tube (which went directly into her stomach). But then I did some reading up on the ingredients of the tube feed and it’s terrible- all milk based and high fructose corn syrup and poisonous. So I researched high powered blenders and ended up with a Vitamix blender, these things are really powerful. You can liquefy anything in there- whole vegetables, fruits, and you don’t waste any of the nutritious pulp. The blades are strong enough to liquefy batteries. 
Obviously I wasn’t going to feed Mags battery acid, though that’s practically what she breastfed us. Once I got the hang of it and some recipes online, I was able to liquefy organic proteins and fruits and grains whatever would be good for her and then simmer it on the stove. This made it easy to digest and the smell of real food actually permeated the house. She wasn’t conscious most of the time but I figured she’d know the difference on some psychic level. 
After I fed her and washed her plucked turkey body, I’d take a shower and then a long walk. I paid a day nurse to come in for three hours a day to watch Mags while I went on my walk. I needed to get the fuck out of that house as you might imagine. Mags had had two massive strokes that left her in a sorta vegetabley state but sometimes she woke up and asked where she was and then asked for a cigarette and sometimes a candybar. When she asked for the candybar it made me want to cry. Which then made me want to punch her lights out. She always had treated her body like a truck stop but whatever. Frankly, I wasn’t sure why she was sticking around. But Mags seemed to be waiting for something. 
It made me happy one time when I came back from a walk and the day nurse said she’d asked where I was. I went over to her bedside with the haunted Halloween hospital bed and tubes and plastic tent and said hello to her, but she was already asleep again. I regarded her. Mags somewhat resembled E.T. the ExtraTerrestrial in there (remember towards the end when he’d fallen into the creek and was all sick and skinny and grey?) Except he was definitely cuter than she was. 
 I met the neighborhood kid about two months into my stay. He was seventeenish I’d say and after school cleaned people’s pools in this part of town (I saw all the pool cleaning accoutrement in the bed of his truck). This had never been a wealthy neighborhood but in the last ten years it had really gentrified. Ours was the last humble ranch with firetrap shake shingles and weeds in the backyard instead of a pool. He didn’t speak to me at first, instead he kept slowing his battered little pickup every time he drove by me. 
Then he started pulling over and saying hello. He was one of those very extroverted verbally ebullient type of male teenagers, the kind that you know will get a ton of pussy if they aren’t already because they have that preternatural confidence that is so alluring to everybody. He looked tall too, about six foot two or a little more. Cocoa powdery skin and a broad handsome nose and a headfull of black curly shiny hair. He looked like maybe he was half black and white. Very cute. He wore sweatbands on his wrists and a sleeveless shirt with some expensive jeans with holes in the knees. 
His voice was already very masculine and low, a young radio announcers voice. Then he started talking to me. First he wanted to just let me know that I was the prettiest woman he’d ever seen in the neighborhood. I laughed at that one because I was also like the only one under 65. A lot of people had lost their homes here and pretty much the only ones who didn’t were rich or old people who had bought in the early sixties and owned outright. He said “And you have beautiful hair”. I do have nice hair, it’s my best feature. It’s long and shiny and black. I’m the only one in the family besides Mags who has the black Irish hair but also blue eyes. Mags was really pretty back in the day.
I thanked the boy for his compliment and told him he was very sweet, especially considering I was old enough to have babysat him. Then I tried to signal I wanted to get back to my walk by putting my earbuds back in but he beckoned me again. “I’m Charlie” he said. “My friends call me Charlie.” “It’s nice to meet you Charlie” I said. “What’s your name?” he asked. His truck was still inching along the road next to me. “It’s Jaimie” I said and then a car came up behind him. “I’ll see you around Jaimie” he said. I nodded at him and smiled. I wasn’t in a hot mood but again, it was flattering to be complimented by a young man. 
Happy people should probably be encouraged. I do try to be a nice person instead of just another dreamkiller. You have to be nice when you work the check out line. It really makes a difference to people when you ask them how their day is going and if they found everything they were looking for. For some of these people it’s the only time someone pays any attention to them. I can always tell which ones they are too. Probably because I was afraid I was going to end up as one. Just another lonely person watching TV and eating dinner with their old farty dog. 
Charlie began pulling over for a chat almost every afternoon. He told me all about his life. That his father was a retired engineer and his mom was an acupuncturist. He said he was really into meditation, that he got into it last summer. “I taught the guys how to do it and that’s how we the tournament” said Charlie, “With creative manifestation techniques” he said. He was the high school basketball star. He was making mostly A’s and hoping to get a scholarship to play college ball. “You sound real smart and talented” I told him. “Yeah my mom says so too” he said and smiled. He kept on talking. He had no brothers and sisters. He lost his virginity when he was fourteen. I’m good in bed he told me. Ya wanna make out? 
I laughed. “Nah my mom’s shitting the bed back at the house” I told him. “For real?” he asked. I felt a little guilty about being flippant about Mags. I wondered if my inner adolescent had just tried to impress this kid. Terrible. He looked worried like I’d momentarily upset him. Then his face lit up again. “Come on why don’t you drive around with me and tell me about it?” he said. He was very crafty. I actually got in the pickup with him a few days later. And I did tell him about Mags and her strokes and changing her diapers. He was fascinated. He said he was sorry that was happening to me. I said it was ok. He said I was a good daughter. I said that was nice of him to say. He invited me to hang out with him by the pool he had to clean and I said that seemed unprofessional but he said the owners were on vacation for another three weeks and it was no problem. So I spent some time over there at these strangers’ house with this kid Charlie. 
I liked watching Charlie sweep the pool. He had lovely long lanky muscles and I could smell him across the water when the wind blew right. Fresh healthy male B.O.and some goofy cologne from a department store. “So how come you aren’t married yet?” he asked. “You’re really pretty. You’re cool. You haven’t met the right guy? I bet I could be the right guy for you.” 
I laughed. I have to get back soon I would say. Then he’d drive me home. One time we drove past a rabbit that had just been hit by a car. It was dead and not all the way off the street. “Slow down” I said, “I want to get him off the road.” I was about to pick it up when Charlie said “Wait.” He knelt down and touched the rabbit. “You know the heart chakra is a microcosm of the macrocosm?” he said. “Huh?” I said. He said “Your heart chakra, you know, one of the energy centers right here?” He pointed to my chest and his finger grazed my boob. “Well it’s a porthole” he said. “It’s a microcosm of the macrocosm. This little energy center inside you also contains the whole universe and souls can walk right through it into the light.” He explained to me that when people die and see the light, they are going into another dimension, into whatever realm they’re supposed to go to next. I told him I’d heard of near death experiences and the Light and all that shit before. 
He said “Yeah but see, some people don’t always know what to do once they’re dead. That’s why some ghosts hang around. They are just people without bodies and they don’t know how to get outta here. So what you can do is tell them they can exit right through you, into the light-” I interrupted him “I know I’ve seen that in movies Charlie. Come on let’s get this guy off the road.” I usually buried roadkill. It seemed respectful, one’s little corpse deserved some privacy. 
“Just hang on a sec” he said. He was very gentle and I watched him touch the rabbit and tell him he could go to the light right through his heart chakra. “In case his soul is still here” said Charlie. He shut his eyes for a second and then he said “Okay.” And I picked the bunny up and we buried him under a bush. “That was sweet” I told Charlie. 
He grinned at me. We got back in the truck and he started telling me about how one of his friends got suspended. He also made me smell his neck because he just purchased a new cologne and when I leaned over and did smell his neck he almost swerved off the road. Charlie really cheered me up. Mags hadn’t been awake for a couple weeks now. She’d begun to retain more water too, getting swollen. The nurse explained to me her kidneys were starting to shut down. I felt bad but I hated being in the house. I lived for my walks and held my breath for when Charlie would drive by.
One afternoon I was hanging out with him at that house (the one where they were on vacation). He was almost done with his work, I’d been over there with him for upwards of 45 minutes. “I got to get back Charlie” I said and got out of the deck chair it was my custom to laze around in. He said “Okay wait a second.” He quickly dropped a few more chlorine cakes into the plastic duck and washed his hands in the pool. “I just want to show you this one thing” he said. “It’s their cabana.” 
He led me over to a tan and green striped gazebo looking structure near the pool under some trees. I felt a little funny going into their private property but I’d already been over to their house several times and figured what the hell. We walked across the green lawn together. There was a massage table in there, a mini fridge, and a wicker couch with cushions with some bathing suits on it. “It’s nice in here isn’t it?” he said hopefully. 
I said it sure is. Then he asked “What’s the sexiest dream you’ve ever had?” I decided to answer him earnestly. “In my sexiest dream, which I had when I was your age,” I said, “I am pushing my friend’s father in a gondola around in those Venice Canals I said. I had cooked him a plate of fried chicken and was hand-feeding it to him as we drifted down the waterway. Then we had sex.” “Who was this guy?” he asked, “Was this back when you were in high school?” I said yeah. “Well did you have sex with him for real?” he asked. “Of course not he was married” I said. “SO you had the hots for him” he said. “I did” I said. “Humph” said Charlie. “Well do you wanna hear my sexiest dream” he asked. He sat down on the couch and took a water bottle out of the fridge. He handed me one too. “Sure” I said. I was still standing. 
“It’s about you” he said. “It is?” I said. “Yeah” he said. “Don’t you want to hear about it?” I took a swig of water and closed my eyes. “You are standing in a dark room or a cave” he said. “You’re naked” he said, pausing for dramatic effect. I laughed at that point but he ignored me and went on. “Then all you do is turn your arm, you know, so I can see the inner side of your wrist and your open palm. Just that little movement exposing your wrist and underside of your long pretty arm couldn’t have been more erotic than if you opened your legs for me. I don’t know how to describe it.” He stopped talking abruptly and looked up at me. I got the feeling he had memorized those last few sentences. But I was immensely flattered. Then he sorta laughed and looked down at his fancy sneakers. 
I walked over to the couch and got on top of him and kissed him. Then he started to try to tell me the rest of the dream but I stuck my tongue in his mouth and he pretty soon forgot what he was saying. I could feel him get hard and he wasn’t nervous anymore. I love it when men do that. When they go from just being into it but still have their heads then to just losing their minds getting all passionate and all surging muscles and sexual energy pounding out of them into you through their hands which are uncontrollably all over you. Hooray!
I was on top. He ran his hands up my shoulders and cupped the back of my head with his hands entwining his fingers in my hair. His mouth was sweet with peppermint gum. He yanked my tank top and bra up and put my nipples in his mouth. I was rocking my hips all over him and he started moaning. His fingers frantically unbuttoned my jeans and I got him out of his pants. His fingers slid inside me and I rocked against his fingers to our heavy breaths. We were on the couch for a little while and then I eased away and knelt down and started to blow him. He was so gorgeous and young and the tip tasted salty sweet. That’s when he freaked out and threw me on the grass beside the couch, I laughed and he made a husky keening sound in his throat. His eyes looked wild and older. 
He was prepared with a couple condoms in his jeans and we had sex in that cabana. I was shocked a seventeen year old could be so good. I guess it’s the friggin internet. No, he was just a plain completely special human being. Afterwards we lay there for a while in the afterglow. I was replaying the soft ragged sound he made in his throat. It was so sweet. I hadn’t had sex in two years. My last lover was a co worker at the grocery store. We’d dated for a couple months before amicably deciding to just be work buddies again. It had been pretty perfunctory. I felt gratitude and wonderful feelings for Charlie. I gave him a kiss on the cheek and started to pull my pants back on. 
“You know we could make it work” he said. “I could drive out and see you from State on the weekends.” (He was talking about the college he’d just been accepted to, which was about three hours away). I rehooked my bra and bent down and gave him another kiss on the cheek. “You’re beautiful Charlie.” “Thank you” he said. “So what do you think” he said. I laughed. “Hey can I get a picture of us together” he said. “So you can text your friends?” I asked. He acted all indignant and said “NO!” And then he started laughing. “I don’t mind” I said, and I sat back down on the couch with him. He got his phone and held it out with his long arm so both of us would fit in the frame. “Wait, let me pull my bra strap off my shoulder for the full effect” I said. He gave me a look of utter devotion. 
“I can text you one” he said. “Ok” I said. I gave him my number. Then he drove me home. He seemed a little pensive. “Am I going to see you again” he asked. “You’re going to have a wonderful time in school” I said. I gave him a quick kiss and he turned it into another deep long one. His pupils were all dilated and he had another hard on. I got out of the truck really fast and made it into the house just as the nurse was impatiently calling my cell again.
That night I sat next to Mags. I asked how her she was doing in there. And then I even told her about Charlie. She wasn’t awake or anything but I thought she might get a kick out of it. I never would have talked to her about my sex life when she was her abrasive controlling live self. But here she was and here I was. I was nervous but then I even told her about what Charlie told me. I told her when she is ready, she can leave. And she can do it right through me if she wants. And I felt like a fool telling her this but why not. 
I gave her a kiss on the forehead and turned the lights down and got on the couch with my blankets after I brushed my teeth and drank a ton of water. I fell asleep instantly.
And Mags did leave, a little later that night. I woke up to check on her and I was about to go back to sleep but then I felt this tingling in my chest. And I heard air rush out of her throat, it was a funny noise she hadn’t made before. I jumped up turned on the main light in the room and put my head on her heart and listened for it and I couldn’t hear anything and then I grabbed my phone and was about to call 911 but then I just- paused- and I let myself look at her peaceful lined face. I held her hand for a while and knew she was gone. 
I was very busy for the next few days making the funeral arrangements, getting the medical equipment out and closing up the house etc. When I finally had time for a walk I went in the morning. It was cooler then and there was still dew on the grass making it look like gemmy velvety fur. I saw a baby rabbit on one of the lawns and he darted into the bushes and then peeked out at me. He was just old enough to be on his own, a little bigger than a fuzzy softball. 
He was very cute, big smart eyes and a soft grey tiny body with a white tail. I kept walking and his smart baby eyes looked at me with wise intelligence and then he ran down the road a bit in front of me and then looked back over his shoulder at me like he was playing a game. “You are very cute” I told him and he sat on the lawn and accepted the compliment and watched me as I was walking. I remember at that exact moment my heart felt like flying. 



The Smell of Night Flowers


“I’m 37 years old now. That means a little time has gone by for this carcass I call my body. I say carcass sort of affectionately. Like it’s an old horse I keep in the back field and still feed alfalfa to and give rub downs to and bring in to sleep in a nice warm barn. Instead of sending her to the glue factory. I’m kind to this ole carcass. Yet it continues to ail.”

This is the second to the last journal entry I wrote. It’s dated two years ago…

I started listening to Chopin’s Nocturnes, especially on warm summer nights with all the windows of the apartment open. Chopin had a distaste for his body too. He probably had consumption (they call it tuberculosis now) and he was weak and uncomfortable all his life. Despite that though, he managed to create some seriously gorgeous shit. 
I loved the movie “Tombstone” because Val Kilmer did such an exemplary Doc Holliday and there is that memorable scene where he’s playing one of the Nocturnes and one of the asshole cowboys is flip to him and asks what the hell he’s playing and Val/Doc says “Frederick Fuckan Chopin” in that sexy Southern drawl.
Val/Doc was an inspiration to me because even though he was all pale and sweaty and lunger-ey he still was really sexy and handsome. It was a good boost for my self esteem. I had always been a sickly child and then, a sickly adult. 
I had chronic asthma and a host of other breathing problems. The doctors diagnosed me with a mild form of cystic fibrosis in my late teens but I always thought they were full of baloney. I had no pancreatitis or thick and sticky lung mucous (these symptoms are major players in the CF experience). However, I was always hacking shit up. And I got pneumonia often twice a year. I hated the antibiotics because they gave me raging yeast infections. And the yeast was another reason why I avoided my asthma inhaler. Because it contained steroids which also propagated yeast overgrowth. So I was out of breath frequently and felt a little plaguey but at least guys could go down on me because my pussy wasn’t a yeast infection jar of school paste.
Because that’s the thing, I was always sick, but I wasn’t sexually unappealing. I was a little like Doc Holliday. I mean, I certainly wasn’t as cute as Val Kilmer, but I was the type of girl certain guys found sexy. And I made the most of that. I hated school and was thrilled when certain fellows expressed an interest in hanging out with me down by the river or at the little feed store where they would buy me fireballs and home run pies apple flavor. But when their mothers found out they were courting a lunger, they usually all of a sudden stopped seeing me. 
It hurt my feelings because I knew they liked me. One boy in particular. He and I had spent a whole summer laughing and taking walks in the woods and fucking in them too. He was a very tender lover and how he held me and shuddered made me start shuddering too. His grey eyes were so deep and soulful and when he looked into mine I felt like I was simultaneously sinking and flying into our own private heaven. One time we did it in a graveyard and afterwards he perched naked on a headstone like a gargoyle and made crowing sounds like a rooster. That’s how happy he said he was. 
But his mother told him he couldn’t marry a girl who would drag on his finances and surely wouldn’t live to see thirty and she was enough of a testicle mutilator that he gave in and avoided me. It was sad because I knew he hated her and wished he could be free of her, he’d told me so. She was that classic Norman Bates type mom, she even had the creeped out granny wig hair.
But he never did break free and for me that was the bittersweet youthful love affair I suppose most of us get assigned to having at least one of. That bitch was so full of it because it’s not like I couldn’t take care of myself. Sure enough I got a job. I went to a couple years of community college and then became an administrative assistant at various corporations. 
My folks were proud of me. They had me really old and deep down I think blamed themselves and their potentially aged and deformed gametes on why their kid was a sicky. My mom birthed me when she was 47 and my dad was already 55. It was a freak pregnancy but they were Catholic types and it wasn’t an option to flush it. I was very close with my dad. He was real sweet and gentle and liked to draw. My mom has a bunch of his charcoals framed around the house, and they are real pretty. He drew horses, and country scenes, and occasionally naughty ones like a woman with no panties on riding a dragon. My dad passed away a few years ago.
Around that time I had been offered an opportunity by my then employer to relocate to another state and that sounded good but I ended staying in Los Angeles so I wouldn’t be too far away from my mother and could check on her up her where she lived in Chatsworth. She loved it when I visited and would bring out a red heart shaped box of chocolates and make me watch soap operas with her. But I was just far enough away so I didn’t have to see her too much and that way she didn’t have to worry because I was becoming sicker. I had to use the inhaler all the time now and luckily I had good insurance through my job but the doctors were saying it appeared to be some kind of auto immune disorder like lupus maybe but they weren’t sure. It made me depressed and I started sleeping less. 
I turned into a night freak. Some humans are diurnal and some of them are nocturnal. I morphed into a nocturnal one. I still went to my job but I took a long nap the moment I got home and then awoke at around eleven PM and was up for the rest of the night and the following day.
At first I just hung out in my apartment. I’d put on the Nocturnes like I said and lean way out the window and stick my shnozz in the air and sniff how good it smelled. I lived in a small studio apartment on the edge of Laurel Canyon. There is nothing like the smell of the canyons at night. Night blooming jasmine flowers and belladonna and citrus blossoms in the moonlight, it’s like a midsummer night’s dream every nite. 
But eventually I got too antsy to stay put and I started taking long night walks. I sometimes had a funny feeling like someone was near me. Like I was being watched. But I never saw anyone on the street or in a car looking at me. I got relief from walking. It helped clear my lungs a little. Sometimes I walked down to Hollywood Blvd and walked up and down the stars. The hookers all got to know me and we’d say hi to each other. I got to be good friends with a woman named Sheryl. 
Sheryl was really tall, like almost six foot. She had a mass of reddish brown curly hair that was really pretty. She teased it to look like a fright wig. She always wore the same green sequin tube top and said it was her lucky charm. I always walked around with my purse and one time she asked if I had a tampon and I said sure and gave it to her. That’s how we met. I asked her if the johns minded when she was one her period and she said “Nah, it ends up looking like a crime scene but some of them like that.” 
I asked her a lot of questions about her job and she answered them candidly. She told me she was on methadone and supporting her kid and that she planned on kicking that stuff and getting out of the business as soon as she could. I told her I could get her temp work at the office and she said she’d think about that. I told her she’d be really good at it and it was the truth. She was smart and no nonsense and had excellent posture. They like you to sit up really straight at your desk if you’re doubling as a receptionist which I was. I had been getting in some trouble lately for being more slumpy. I couldn’t help it. I was coughing more and my back hurt and I was fatigued.
Staying up all night probably wasn’t helping but it eased my squirming brain so I just kept doing it. I got into a routine where I would walk down to the Blvd, say hi to Sheryl if she was there, then turn around and walk up the darker streets around my apartment where I could smell the night flowers. One time she told me to be careful, that a couple girls had gone missing. I said I would be and for her to be too and I thanked her. I wasn’t too worried, I carried pepper spray and was cognizant of my surroundings and who was around. But I guess I wasn’t cognizant enough. 
I remember I walked by what I thought was an empty parked car and all I heard was a click and then my head was getting smashed into the brick wall behind me. It had some ivy growing out of it though which cushioned the blow. I must have only been out of it for about two seconds because I came to and a man was trying to put me in the trunk of his car. It was the dark empty car I’d just walked by. The vehicle was an ox blood colored boat of a car, some eighties type of Chrysler or something. 
But then I fell down again. Something had knocked us down. The guy who had a hold of me went down with a grunt. I saw him for a split second. Just some random stocky white guy with brown hair. But now there was another man standing over both of us. He was tall and had big strong hands and a small nose. He looked about my age. His face was suddenly very close to my own and he bent down and simultaneously asked me if I was okay while he deftly removed a blade from his breast pocket and slit the guy’s throat. A weezing gurgling spraying sound came out of it and the tall man pushed me back onto the sidewalk out of the way of the spray. Then he gutted the man on the ground in front of me. I remember the knife went in and made a snake like motion from the guy’s left nipple down to his pubic bone. The shirt made a ripping nose at first then nothing cuz it was soaked in blood. The tall man lifted the shirt back and pulled out the man’s intestines and heaped them on the cement. The whole procedure took about two and a half seconds.
The tall man said something I couldn’t hear but it sounded like “I love you”. And then he went up around the corner and was gone.
I’ve been over it in my mind a million times. Replayed the scene. How it happened so fast. And how the tall man in retrospect felt familiar. How apart from his height and smallish nose that was all that was distinguishable about him. Yet I had recognized his vibes. And I knew he’d been around me for a while. But I didn’t tell the police anything about him. They of course wanted to know what happened. 

A neighbor had apparently seen the first guy try to stuff me in the trunk but she didn’t see the procedure because it happened on the sidewalk between the parked car and the brick wall and she was on the other side of the street. She called the cops but in the dark she couldn’t see the tall man’s face. I told them I couldn’t remember anything.
They didn’t press me too hard on account of the bloody bump I had on the back of my head and because they were pretty happy to have gotten some perp who had evidently transported a few other women in the trunk of his car before I was about to be put in there. But once I got out of the hospital the next day they were very fervent about the other guy. Because apparently five other men had been found that had been similarly gutted. There was significant news coverage about the whole thing but after a couple months I didn’t have to have my cell ringer on silent anymore and fewer reporters knocked on my door.
But things didn’t just go back to normal. They fucking went to better. I wasn’t sick anymore. I’m swear. For the first time since I could remember I didn’t have to take ibuprofen all day long and I didn’t need my inhaler at all. I finally was taking regular shits that eased into the toilet like a greased canoe onto a placid lake. Before my bowel movements were a source of great pain and frustration. I had no more muscle pain and most importantly, the mucous in my lungs cleared up. I coughed it all out for about a month after the incident and then it was just dried up and gone.
And my health has stayed this good. It was two years ago that this happened for me. I haven’t had pneumonia. I haven’t had anything. 
So much has changed since then, it’s bizarre how much fuller your life can get when you actually have a healthy body that functions well. I can actually run now. I run through the canyons now. I took my mom on a vacation to Alaska and she got to see some whales.  Full time work isn’t physically agonizing anymore. And it’s actually a lot more enjoyable now that Sheryl is working at the office. It’s fun hanging out with her in the coffee room when we’re on breaks. She and I double date sometimes too. I feel like a whole person now- instead of a lunger. 
It is a strange and magical thing but I know that the tall man healed me. He is the reason why I recovered. I don’t know how but it’s the truth. And I don’t want the authorities to catch him. Some people have violent compulsions but all they need is for just for one person to tell them it’s okay to stop and then they do. To give them permission to start a new mode of being. I think that is what happened for him because there have been no new killings with his particular signature since that fateful night. 
I have had a few dreams about the tall man, I can see his face in them, and hear the words he said to me real quietly. There is always a Nocturne playing in the background of these dreams and when I wake up, the scent of night flowers has filled the room.



The Old Guy in the Waiting Room


I got trapped at the hospital waiting for my mom to pick up her two sons: me and my brother. My brother was eight and he had just gotten his tonsils out. I was sixteen and normally could’ve driven us both back to the house but I’d already lost my license. I got a DeeWee. Up here in Washington they call them DWIs (driving while intoxicated) instead of the rest of the country which I think refers to them as DUI’s (driving under [the] influence). 
My brother was back there somewhere coming out of anesthesia. I didn’t know when they were going to come out and say it was ok for him to go home. I knew my mom must’ve gotten loaded somewhere and forgotten about me and Pinky. Can you believe that’s my poor brother’s name? Well, actually it’s Pinkney. Supposed to be British or some shit. We all just call him Pinky. Which is hardly better. His dad (we have different dads) was some drunk Englishman who stuck around just long enough to insist mom name the kid “a family name”, then he split. 
My name is a least a little more normal. It’s Rick. Which is kind of a cheezy coked out guy in the 80’s name but I’ll take it over Pinky. My brother doesn’t mind so much though. He’s a happier, better person than me. Whereas, me, I wouldn’t really care if everyone just took a shit and blew up. Is how I feel about stuff mostly. That’s why when some older guy sat next to me in the waiting room and started talking to me I got pissed and was thinking to myself “Oh fuck man. I just want to get Pinky and get the fuck outta here and Now I got to listen to some old guy bothering me? What the fuck?”
The man looked about sixty, pretty freakin old, and he had on an old pair of jeans that looked like rats had taken some turds in them and a gay ass sweater and no hair and glasses and orthopedic sneakers. He was clutching a paper cup with coffee in it and something about the way the veins in his old hands stood out holding the cup with both hands almost bitched me up. So I just shifted my weight and tried to look like I was interested in the cooking show they had on the TV bolted to the wall.
But then he said “Who are you waiting for son?” and I wanted to pretend I was deaf or something because I really didn’t want to interact with another person right now. I was worried about my brother and worried he was gonna get sad when he found out mom had ditched us and worried the hospital wasn’t going to discharge him to me and also that we had no way to get home (we only had the fucked up poor people insurance and does it look like I have enough money for a cab ride?) Oh yeah, I haven’t described myself yet. I also was wearing a pair of jeans that looked like some rats could’ve laid their babies and turds in, plus an old gray hoodie and some reeky converses).
But then the old guy asked again “Who are you waiting for son?” and so I had to answer.
“My brother sir” I said. I say “sir” like a dumbass I can’t help it. I grew up in the south (Mobile for a couple years, and then Knoxville and then up to North Carolina outside of Asheville before mom moved us out west) and the sir and ma’am shit is like engrained. I keep waiting for the supposed sexy southern accent to get me some pussy but it hasn’t yet. I mean don’t get me wrong, I have slept with four females so far which I suppose isn’t too bad but it certainly wasn’t because of my accent. My dime bags more like. 
“Is he alright?” the old guy asked.
“He just had a tonsillectomy” I said. 
“Oh yes” said the old guy, “I remember that. You at least get to eat lots of ice cream” he said. 
“Nah dairy makes him throw up” I said. Ugh! Just like so many old people he had the mind control powers where they can force you to talk to them.
“I’m waiting here for my wife” said the old guy. I knew it. I knew it was the wife. Next he was gonna tell me how she shat her pants. 
“She had a stroke” he said. “They said it was a bad one, but they’ve stabilized her and she’s out of the woods now. She hasn’t lost any motor or speech function, she’s doing really well.” He smiled at me.
“That’s good” I said. And I tried to turn my body ever so subtly in the complete opposite direction of him. I tried to really get into the fat bitch on the TV telling me how to cook Cornish game hens or some other poor creatures she had stuck out on a platter. That’s what they looked like. Poor little baby chicks or baby parrots goin in the oven. I hate that people eat animals. I think it’s fucking barbaric. They should just eat each other. Did you know that there are these cannibals in some south pacific island region and you know what they call people? Like what their word for people is? It’s long pigs. Heehee. Long pigs.
The old guy was now clasping and unclasping his hands around the cup. I could see him doing it out of the corner of my eye. He was gearing up. Man. One time this gross lady sat next to me on the bus and starting crying and laid her head on my shoulder and I wanted to push her stinky head off me but what could I do I had to help her and after she was done crying about something and going on and on she fell asleep leaning against me drooling on my jacket. It was the only time and last time I took the bus. After that I hitched. 
“I met my wife when we were in the fourth grade, can you believe that?” the old guy asked me. 
“Hm” I said. I was suddenly feeling so tired. I didn’t know when they were going to wheel Pinky out. I was feeling anxiety I was going to have to say there was no one to get us home. I’d seen it on TV how they just kick patients out of their beds and leave them out on the sidewalk in a wheelchair if insurance won’t pay anymore. Fucken corporate scumbags. “Excuse me sir” I said to the guy and I got up real fast to catch a nurse as she was tearing by. 
“Excuse me ma’am” I said, “Can you please tell me how my brother is doing?” 
She asked for Pinky’s full name and mine and said she would send someone out to tell me.
I went to sit back down and as soon as I did the old guy looked over like we were going to continue to nurturing a blossoming friendship. 
“How’s he doing?” he asked me. I told him she was going to come out and tell me. He said that there was nothing to worry about now that he’d come through the surgery fine. And that waking up from the anesthesia was a breeze. You just maybe feel a little nauseous and dry.
“That’s good” I said. I actually was a little comforted. No one had told me that. I didn’t know what was going on with the Pink Man back there. I hoped he wasn’t going to throw up. They said the stitches could rip and in rare cases people who have just had tonsillectomies can hemorrhage to death.
Maybe that was just in adult tonsillectomies though. I couldn’t remember. I had tried to read a little bit about it on the internet in the library at school but I had a hard time concentrating. After the deewee I’d decided to cut out the weed too and I felt like, brain damaged most of the time.
 “Mabel had her tonsils out when she was a kid” said the old guy. “She said she remembers being afraid. I couldn’t imagine her being afraid of anything. Do you know she saved my life?” asked the old guy. I turned over instinctively and looked at him. I couldn’t help it, he’d asked me a question. And of course I did not know the answer to it but he didn’t wait for a response anyway.
“Wait til you hear this one” he said, and he was already chuckling. “Mabel and I lived in the same neighborhood and as such rode the same school bus and walked the same road home each day. I liked her a great deal but I only knew how to show it by throwing some little rocks at her.” He smiled at me and crinkled his eyes. “Imagine throwing rocks at the woman of your dreams” he said. 
I made a noise like heh just to be polite.
“It was just another afternoon and I was walking behind her and calling out Mabel! Mabel! Like I always did and then pitching a few pebbles at her. She didn’t like me too well and ignored me. If she ever so much as turned around and looked at me I was thrilled. But she hadn’t even let on she knew there was another breathing soul behind her. It was a hot day. Our road had recently become a busy one as they were rerouting traffic through it while they did some road reconstruction at the big intersection three blocks away. She heard the car before I did and I remember her screaming at me to get out the way. A big sedan came barreling out of nowhere and hit me, fishtailed, and then kept going. They later caught the guy, he was a drunk driver in a black out. I was on the ground bleeding and I remember seeing it squirting out through my dungarees. 
Mabel began screaming her head off “Police! Police!” and then-”, he paused and looked at me with the crinkly eyes, “-keep in mind she was only nine years old going on ten, and just a skinny little thing. She dragged me out of the road. I was blubbering and she told me to shush. She said it’s going to be alright. And then she elevated my leg against a mailbox and told me to press down where it was bleeding. She took off her sweater and tore the arm right off it. She tied it around my thigh and said she was going for help. I passed out and came to in an ambulance. Mabel had gone to a neighbor and called the police on their telephone. And she was riding with me in the ambulance. I can see it all. I have a vivid picture of it in my mind. I can see the glass IV bottle. In those days son, everything was glass. They didn’t have plastic IV bags. It looked like an upside down milk bottle. 
And little Mabel is sitting next to me on the bench opposite my stretcher and I can see her face and she is looking at me very earnestly. I of course was already in love with her but I was hers after this. Absolutely hers.”
He stopped and looked at me. “Some story huh?” he said. He put his coffee cup down and wiped his palms on his jeans. 
Ha I’d actually listened to that one. “It is sir” I said. 
“We got married while I was in college on the GI Bill” he said. “She got away for a few years after high school” he smiled at me conspiratorially, “This was the late sixties and she was a flower child. She actually was living in San Francisco with flowers in her hair when I tracked her down.” 
“She sounds cool” I said. 
“She is”. He picked up his coffee again and sucked on some. 
“How long you been here?” he asked “Have you had anything to eat?”
“Oh I’m fine” I said hurriedly. 
At that moment a nurse came round the corner and up to me. She was big and mean looking and wearing those squeaky white shoes. I stood up and she said that my brother was ready to go home and that my mom just needed to sign a few things. I turned red I couldn’t help it. I had to tell the nurse my mom wasn’t here. I didn’t want to say she was running a little late and bide some time because I knew she probably wasn’t going to show up. If mom finds someone at her bar she goes home with them and sorta camps out for a few days.
“Well he is ready to be released” said the nurse. With her ugly puss. She was a pretty mean ole bitch.
“I’d like you to release him to me” I said to her. I looked at her real hard in the eye.
“I’ll find out” she said and she squeaked away.
I’d figure out a way to pay the cab once we got home. I could give him an IOU. Shit what could he do?
“Here” said the old guy, and he leaned over and there was fifty bucks magically in his hand. “For a cab. I’d give you and your brother a ride home myself but I can’t leave”.
“Uh no I couldn’t” I said. But he’d already tucked it in my shirt pocket. I didn’t want to take it but he looked at me and I looked at him and I guess I said thank you in my brain before I could say no. 
“I’ll pay you back” I said, “What’s your address, I could mail it”.
“Nah” he said “I appreciated your talking with me”. The nurse came back and said Pinky was all packed up and ready for me to take him home. She wasn’t being so mean now. I thanked her and I called a cab on my cell.
Then I had to go use the bathroom quickly and when I came out they were wheeling Pinky around the corner. I went to my seat to grab my hoodie and the old guy got up and I heard his knees crack. He gave me a hug. I ordinarily wouldn’t ever let a stranger hug me. But I let him. 
“Hey thanks man” I said. He smiled and he left to go use the bathroom, nodded and smiled at Pinky as he walked by.
 I got Pinky and wheeled him out of the hospital. He looked funny. He was scowling and his hair was sticking straight up like a haystack and he had a red jello lipstick stain all around his mouth. 
“You look like the Joker” I said. 
“No you do” he said. Pinky was glad to see me. I put him in the cab and we went home.



The Glowing Beings


As a kid my bod looked unfortunately kind of weird. I had skinny wanky little arms and a bloated stomach. I did have long legs but they were crooked on account of imaginary nutrition. It wasn’t my parents’ fault exactly, what I mean to say is they did not deliberately decide to neglect me and not feed me, they were just young alcoholic addicts and the spacebag wine and huff had eaten their brains away. I was put into foster care at age six. I missed my parents at first because well, they were my parents. They were familiar and I loved them. 
My foster parents weren’t all bad but they were holyrollers. When they told me my parents had passed away, I felt bad for my folks. Now they were going to have to hang out with Jesus all the time and he probably wasn’t going to let them watch TV or shoot their guns anymore. Jesus seemed like a real bummer, and kind of a weirdo as well. My foster parents told me he was always watching me. So I started changing my clothes in the closet with the lights off so pervy Jesus couldn’t see me naked. 
As soon as I got a little older, I spent less and less time at my foster parents’ house. They didn’t understand my burgeoning anxiety and depression and they were just too jesusey. By the time I’d hit puberty I was all primed to start acting out on various issues. Also, I was beginning to get obsessive compulsive when it came to germs. Also, I was very interested but misguided when it came to sex. 
In junior high I had a short foray into the world of prostitution. I wanted a smartphone and a guy I met at the 7-ll said he would get me one if I went with him to the Chinook Motel. The Chinook is on the Aurora Strip where the Green River Strangler used to kill prostitutes. This motel was gross. The “E” on the end of their neon sign was broken so the sign said “Nice Rat”. 
The guy laughed at that and said “Nice Rat huh? What a joke. Ah well little sister…” and he seemed a little apologetic he was going to fuck me in the Nice Rat. He looked like he was in his late thirties and kinda dirty like he was a trucker who skipped some showers but he was surprisingly nice to me. When I knelt down on the carpet to blow him he said wait honey and he got a towel from the bathroom so my knees wouldn’t have to touch the cum shampooed carpet. 
My obsession with germs served me well in this situation however. I may have been only thirteen but I knew about various plagues and sexually transmitted diseases. When he whipped his dick out I grabbed his bottle of Jack Daniels he’d brought along and poured some on his wiener like Florence Nightingale. What the hell? He said and he jumped back but then he seemed to think about it for a moment and said “Alrighty girl this gonna be some clean fuckin. This is like CSI level shit”. 
I was perplexed and concerned by his reference to a crime scene show but I went ahead anyway and gave him a blowjob and then he put me on another towel on the bed and spread my legs and did me for a while. I did ask him to put a condom on. He agreed and afterwards he gave me five hundred dollars. Maybe he was high, or happened to be a trucker who also had a rich grandmother. It was a bizarre experience. I think because he was sort of nice to me in a way it made it way worse. It made me aware of how low my self esteem was and I never did it again.
I didn’t finish high school, I just couldn’t handle it. Plus, I thought I was too stupid to get it. For a few years I worked a variety of jobs like making donuts in the middle of the night and then some waitressing. After a few years of that I decided I wanted to attend community college and get my general education requirements finished so I could transfer to a university and perhaps major in something I actually would enjoy making a living at. I managed to get my GED and got accepted to a city college. But as soon as I was in I was looking at maybe having to drop out because my panic attacks were increasing. 
I was taking so many showers a day my whole body was starting to get chapped. And I was now tripping about all kinds of random things. My head told me I wasn’t smart enough to be in school, but then it would flip around and say how stupid everyone else was. I was projecting negative fantasies into the future and visualizing being old and poor with saggy tits that looked like domesticated dog ears. People were bothering me a lot. They were starting to make me sick at the restaurant I was working at. I couldn’t stand watching people chew and hear the noises. And they weren’t even as bad as the ones I was hearing on the news, just a bunch of rich people wanting to steal everything from everybody else. And then the poor people actually voting for these rich criminals who lied to them! Most people just seemed so hopelessly retarded, myself included. Although I did see more electric cars on the road and that gave me hope. 
I tried to be positive and focus on happy things but the fears and germ obsessions were now out of control. My boyfriend at the time tried to comfort me and told me he “once dated a chick who was way more wacked than you. She would take like 45 minutes to wipe her ass. ‘It ain’t clean ‘til it bleeds’ she’d say, in this Deliverance Ozarkian accent. I’d try to tell her to chill out, and just take a shower afterwards. That’s what I do. I take a shower every time after I take a shit, which everyone thinks is so weird but one time this guy told me it was because I had a past life as a Muslim. They apparently wash themselves after every single shit they take.”
I appreciated his trying to comfort me but eventually I decided to seek some professional help. So I went to a shrink who agreed to take me on a sliding scale. He instructed me to write down my life memories, starting with the earliest ones from childhood. And then read them to him. I didn’t want to lose my job and withdraw from my classes so I actually did what he said. 
While I was writing about things that happened when I was five or six is when these certain memories came back. And they were bizarre. Because I recalled being abducted by aliens. And being taken up into outer space in their ship. I actually remembered looking at the earth from far away in space. I was looking at it through some kind of porthole and the earth was about the size of a shrinking soccer ball, receding into the distance with the stars. I was about five and I felt very safe and relieved wherever I was. It was actually the first time I ever felt the gorgeous freedom that is absence of fear. 
I knew this memory wasn’t from TV or something. I knew it was real, and this wasn’t just me remembering a dream.
A few weeks after I wrote about this memory I recalled when the beings came back a second time. It was a couple years ago and I was alone in a room I was renting. I was having another panic attack. Then all of a sudden They were there. One was tall and had a neon green circulatory system. It was like all the veins on his body were glowing and flowing green light. He had a big head and small body just like people draw in the pictures. 
Care and goodwill came out of him and I knew I was safe. He was smiling and holding up a small cylindrical object that was also glowing the same emerald light as his veins. He telepathically communicated to me that this object was something that someone’s creativity manifested. He simultaneously conveyed these two ideas to me: that this thing would help people and that to create was delightful. He had such light, exuberant and happy energy, and a real desire to help me. And then I was back in my room on the couch. It felt like a dream the way being in the hospital feels like a dream if they sedated you there, but you still know it really happened. 
I knew how to calm my racing thoughts after I wrote down this memory and read it to my therapist. It was like this newfound gift. I realized the beings had done something to me when I was up there. All of a sudden I knew how to meditate. I was able to access this lesson now that it had risen from my subconscious. This was an important developmental marker for me because now I could continue going to school. The shitty negative fantasies and social anxiety and agoraphobic tendencies were lessening. I was getting better. 
I managed to keep attending my classes. I didn’t have the money or time to take many for fun but I did enroll in an Intro to Art class that I loved. Then I started veering towards biology and medical type classes. They seemed pretty interesting and practical. I actually ended up graduating with a nursing degree. And started working in one of the most high stress and pressure places a person could- the ER. And not only did I do my job competently, I was able to inject calmness into people when they freaking out and they weren’t as afraid when they were around me. I liked to nurture them and the truth is, working in the ER was no more stressful than being a waitress. It isn’t easy but there are aspects of the job I find rewarding.
And another new thing happened. I took up painting in my spare time and this is unbelievable to me but I’ve started selling them. I’m not very good at the paint application itself, so what I do is sketch out the scene with a pencil, and then once I got it how I like it, I retrace the image with a waterproof ink pen. Then I paint in the colors. I started with watercolors, now I’m using oils. It’s basically just paint by numbers but I really enjoy it and think they turn out nice. I mostly paint portraits, of all different kinds of people. Some are naked, some have clothes on. All different kinds of nationalities too. The only thing they have in common is they all have oversized eyes and heads. They look a little like Modigliani’s portraits, except he made his eyes smaller. 
My paintings are now hanging in a prestigious art gallery because of a patient I got to talking with one night who turned out to be an artist’s agent. I had no idea. He just presented with a mass in his abdomen and I was sitting with him while he was drinking the barium sulphate solution we need folks to ingest so we can take the proper xrays. He was having a hard time getting it down. I felt bad he had no family to sit with him so I took ten minutes to keep him company. In between sips he kept asking me questions about my life and hobbies so I told him about the paintings. He asked if he could see some of them and I showed him a few pictures of them on my cell phone. I was pretty shocked he thought they were good.
Turns out he just had a benign growth in the superficial muscular wall of his abdomen and was fine. A few months later he contacted me and asked if I was interested in representation. Because of the paintings I’ve sold, I’m now making enough money to quit work if I wanted. I haven’t desired to yet but it’s just miraculous to have that option.
Making art takes me back to a few good moments in my childhood. I liked the peace and quiet of being by myself and drawing. And the funny thing is, I remembered what subject matter I chose back then. I always used to draw these people with giant heads and skinny bodies when I was a kid. And when they asked you to draw your family or whatever in school all my people came out looking like the aliens. I didn’t remember any of that until I was about half way through the therapy.
I think it’s funny how many people don’t believe in aliens when I think they are probably coming here all the time. I know the highest echelons of the government know they exist. And I think they know these beings are helping people. The ones who kept visiting me are the cute grey ones but I figure there are all different kinds.
I like horror films about aliens but I know they aren’t realistic. Any beings still at a republican corporate imperialism type level of consciousness would not be able handle the kind of technology required to travel to distant galaxies, even if they were capable of developing it. They’d have blown up their own planet in wars or trashed its environment too bad to survive. 
The various kinds of aliens that visit earth all come from societies that are obviously very advanced spiritually. Since they didn’t destroy their environment during their own technological adolescence, they were thus able to survive and evolve to the point where they can travel around the universe and help the inhabitants of hillbilly planets like our own.
I am very grateful to my psychiatrist, Brian. At first I was nervous around him because my only experience with mental health professionals were when I was a kid and those ones sucked. But Brian had a different vibe. He looked like Morgan Freeman and had the same calm, and stately demeanor. He was very nice to me and I felt safe with him. I developed a deep trust bond with him. He was of course the first person I ever told about the alien memories. 
This was a turning point for me and made me feel as though I could at some point discuss it with others, perhaps even a significant other. Brian is real smart. Medicine is his second career. Before that he was a pharmaceutical injury lawyer and he made a lot of money since the FDA got bought out by Big Business. 
He says that was the main reason he decided to go to medical school and then specialize in Psychiatry was because he didn’t like that so many shrinks were essentially legalized drug dealers. He only prescribes medications to the genuinely mentally ill. He’s an extraordinary guy. 
But the fact that he didn’t try to commit me when I told him I had been “abducted” by aliens is truly why I got better and have a healthy level of confidence. He didn’t think I was silly or crazy once I told him. He acted respectfully intrigued. He said his grandmother used to tell him a story about how when she was a little girl she saw a giant silver egg floating in the air over a cornfield in Michigan where she grew up. She called it an “angel boat”. 
Brian and I finished our work together a while ago now. You’re generally not supposed to give your shrink gifts, but I painted a picture of his gramma and the silver egg and gave it him at our last session. He thanked me. I told him how grateful I was to him. The fact that I was able to share with another human (who didn’t judge me) what I remembered about these beings was something that profoundly changed me and raised my consciousness. I’m having so many more pleasant life experiences now. 
When I first remembered spending time in those beings’ spaceship, I began fantasizing about getting to escape and be up there permanently with them. That was how I got through a lot of days at school and then at the hospital. But now I actually don’t mind being trapped on this planet. Now, I even think I kinda like it.
