





The Classic Crusade of Corbin Cobbs



By Michael Ciardi



Fiction



Copyright 2012 Michael Ciardi



Lunarprose@gmail.com



In E-Book Form
Cover Design by Laura Shinn


Smashwords Edition





This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Chapter 1

4:43 A.M.


In the minutes just before dawn, one of nature’s strangest sounds echoed in the woodlands surrounding my home. During spring’s infancy, only a few weeks after the final frost thawed from Lake Endelman, the common loons returned to Willows Edge. Although these waterfowls were absent from this region during the winter months, a milder season promised a reemergence of their company among the wood’s indigenous dwellers. Usually, all the wildlife congregating within the thicket inspired me, but no other species compared to my allurement with the loons. Over the years I’ve come to realize that few circumstances in nature and life stayed unaltered, but at least the migratory habits of these creatures resisted change. 
Each one of these rusty-eyed birds delivered a haunting melody to this habitat. Frankly, I wondered why these dagger-beaked divers were tagged with a common label. From my perspective, they defied the ordinary. Their yodeling cries mesmerized me during the summertime. In fairness, those unfamiliar with the loons’ loquaciousness might’ve considered their repertoire tedious, even eerie. Yet I always regarded their harmonies as a vital factor to my inner peace. With few exceptions, while immersed in a chorus of the loons’ primordial songs, I embraced a calmness that always dissolved far sooner than I preferred.
But lodged within the tangled pathways of my brain, an unsettling sound upset this morning’s quietude. While lying supine in bed beside my wife, I became distracted by the soft cadence of her breathing. She slept placidly. Not a hint of anguish distorted her expression. On another day or time I might’ve traced my fingertips through her flaxen tresses, which fanned out upon her pillow like splintered beams of sunlight. But all motivation for such affection withered beneath a dispassionate sigh of boredom. It humbled me to confess as much, but my spouse had become apathetic to our intimacy. At this point, I had no conscious explanation for my wife’s rejection toward my advances. Even during sleep, her icy visage seemed to brace me for a conversation that both of us neglected to initiate.
Not even a raft of loons could’ve incubated my thoughts from our disharmony. I no longer denied an irrefutable consequence of shared complacency. My darling wife, as I once defined her, was a virtual stranger to me now. Perhaps she recoiled into a region within her mind that I never fully examined. Lamentably, there seemed to be no way to curtail the foreseeable course of our downfall. Even still, I wanted to startle her from her dreams on this occasion. Maybe, while shielded beneath the cloak of my bed sheets, I harnessed the fortitude to withstand her cutting words. Yet whatever fleeting courage I mustered in this moment didn’t endure for more than a few seconds.
I then remembered why I awoke before my alarm clock sounded. A shallow layer of sweat drizzled down the center of my forehead and chest. It traced along the sides of my neck like a handful of chilled dewdrops, instigating a deeper apprehension within me. An acute migraine usually surfaced simultaneously, compressing my brain as if it was coiled in a boa constrictor’s embrace. In recent weeks, these signs of disease weren’t uncommon for me to encounter. In fact, I had experienced cautionary indicators of sickness over the past several months. But the frequency of such symptoms now occurred at regular intervals—almost every night.
This still unnamed condition rendered me unconscious at random times throughout the day. My routine was compromised because these spells no longer occurred just when I slept. As any ailing victim anticipated strife, I endured it. But bravery had nothing to do with the outcome. This much I knew: a reprieve from this torment seemed as unlikely as reconciling my differences with my wife. Another devastating thought sickened me, too. What if she already foresaw my demise and subsequently detached her emotions from me? I secretly hoped that her callousness wasn’t derived from such a grim contemplation.
As of this hour and day, my doctor failed to diagnose a disorder that explained the persistent night chills, headaches, or any of my episodes of lost consciousness. I had undergone a battery of invasive tests recently, including a CT scan on my brain that presumably revealed nothing to underscore the symptoms I described. Even Dr. Pearson, my once-trusted physician, initially attributed my complaints as manifestations of anxiety or guilt, both of which he fruitlessly attempted to alleviate by medicating me into a state of lethargy. Despite his expertise and goodwill in regard to my welfare, I began to suspect that a second opinion was long overdue.
Perhaps the cruelest criticism came from someone who I once considered my fondest supporter. My beloved Rachel accused me fabricating this entire ordeal in order to preserve her affection. Although she hadn’t personally witnessed any of my episodes, it seemed unnaturally naïve of her to dismiss my complaints so hastily. After all, the physical markers of these attacks were certainly visible. How couldn’t she see and feel the layers of perspiration upon my skin? If I sought to display evidence of my rapidly deteriorating health to my wife, now would’ve certainly been the moment to do so.
But as it was on many occasions prior to this one, I restrained my temptation to disturb her while she slept. I still clung to an ephemeral hope that Dr. Pearson had uncovered something substantial during my last examination. I had an appointment to discuss those particular test results later on this afternoon. At this stage, I would’ve eagerly accepted harsh news rather than being suspended in limbo. Perhaps the most terrifying aspect of this malady was the tension I experienced by potentially playing host to an unknown disease. It frightened me to consider that my own body had designed a syndrome to destroy me. Still, no matter what the cause, I already knew that paranoia didn’t fully account for the warning signs I encountered. My insecurity, as Rachel called it, hadn’t yet devoured my common sense completely.
Was it too selfish of me to expect even a hint of compassion from a woman who once pledged her limitless love to me? I certainly understood that marriage had an ironic way of dissolving much of the simplicity that inspired romance, but I never fathomed that a couple’s emotional link also withered under such an arrangement. I simply couldn’t accept this rejection as passively as Rachel. I presumed that some fragment of ecstasy lied dormant between the tiers of doubt separating us. I wondered what level of commitment was necessary on both our behalves to at least salvage something reputable from more than seventeen years of marriage.
We still slept in the same bed, but this charade just typified her disinterest in me. More often than not, our sheets remained unruffled from any semblance of lovemaking. We barely even kissed in the most rudimentary fashion. On this morning in particular, it seemed as if an invisible barrier transformed in the middle of our mattress. Unlike the early days of our marriage, when it appeared as though two bodies molded as one, we now hardly acknowledged one another in bed. Years of sparring had wedged us to opposite corners of the canvas like battered boxers laboring for the final bell. Lovemaking, whenever it infrequently occurred, felt as perfunctory as our smiles. Yet despite the knowledge of our breakdown, I wasn’t yet content to let her slip away. In the wreckage of our splintered dreams, I still hoped that Rachel remembered me when I put less of a burden on her heart.
In the stillness of my surroundings, I observed Rachel’s face with a sense of admiration and uncertainty. A sliver of bronze light seeped between the slats of a window’s blind, partially illuminating her loveliness. Even under my scrutiny, her unblemished skin seemed remarkably preserved.  Rachel’s eyelids didn’t flutter, indicating that her dreams were impervious to the reality existing just beyond a flicker of her eyelash. How could she appear so peaceful with our marriage in such apparent turmoil? Perhaps if I nudged my foot just gradually beyond my portion of the mattress, I’d be able to brush my toes against the side of her calve. At one time, she’d respond favorably to this gesture, as lovers often do. But now, as I feared, she instinctively pivoted her leg out of my reach, almost in a defensive countermove. I continued to stare at her, however, until the point where she consciously felt my eyes studying her from across the bed.
“Are you awake?” I whispered. She mumbled something incoherent under her breath before turning her face into the pillow beneath her head. After a few seconds, she groggily leered at me through half-open eyes.
“What time is it?” she asked.
“About quarter to five,” I said.
“God…it’s too early, Corb. Go back to sleep.”
“I can’t sleep,” I returned wearily.  I had no misconceptions regarding Rachel’s intolerance to my frequent patterns of insomnia. She, of course, had heard my nocturnal grievances before, which only made it less likely that I maintained any credibility in her mind.
“Look,” she sighed, “I got a really long day ahead of me.”
“It’s Thursday. You don’t even normally work on Thursdays.”
“C’mon, Corb. Let’s argue about this later. I’m exhausted.”
“You’re right,” I conceded. “Sorry for waking you. It’s just that my head is pounding again.”
The weight of my words seemingly burst the air from her lungs. She huffed heavily before craning her head off the pillow to glare at me. I immediately recognized the signs of impatience brewing beneath her fair brow.
“You’re going to see Dr. Pearson again later, aren’t you?” she inquired knowingly. “Maybe you should ask him for a stronger prescription.”
“Nothing works,” I said sulkily. “Besides, I think he’s got me taking a placebo or something.”
“You really are paranoid sometimes, you know that, Corb?”
 “Just forget about it, Rach. I guess I felt like I needed to talk to somebody besides my doctor. But don’t worry yourself over it. The feeling will go away. It always does.”
“We’ll talk later. I promise. Okay?” She didn’t wait for my response before letting her head plunge upon her pillow like a deflated balloon. By now, I had already retreated to a neutral corner of the mattress. She must have sensed my frustration as plainly as I felt her frigidness.
“Go back to sleep,” I then told her. “I won’t bother you again.”
Rachel’s exasperation became increasingly evident as she squeezed the edges of her pillowcase around her ears. “Don’t make me feel guilty about any of this, Corb. You know how irritable I can get when I miss out on my sleep.”
If anyone could’ve accurately attested to my wife’s petulance when deprived of sleep, then I was a prime source for the report. Lately, however, it seemed as though no amount of rest mollified her mood. In reality, the expectation of Rachel nurturing me like an ill child seemed farfetched at best. I knew when I married her that she wasn’t the type of woman who I’d ever classify as motherly. In fact, during our courtship, and well before our exchange of vows, she ingeminated her desire to never bear any children. At the time, the support and company of a vivacious, sensual lady far surpassed any paternal urges I briefly entertained. Besides, fathering no children as I neared my forty-third birthday bothered me less than I would’ve surmised fifteen years ago. But I still sometimes harbored moments where I wished I could’ve convinced her to reconsider her pledge to remain childless. Yet, at the same time, I couldn’t fault Rachel for upholding her conviction, no matter how selfish or shortsighted in nature it seemed.
Honestly, since I was a teacher of children—albeit at the high school level—it struck me as mildly ironic that Rachel committed herself to a man who interacted with young people everyday. Many years ago my mother admonished me that couples were less likely to stay together if they didn’t parent any children, but I rejected this notion because our love seemed so candid and unrehearsed. Perhaps I once hitched my naïve hopes to some antiquated premise that we had a moral responsibility to uphold the inviolability of matrimony. I’ve since learned that fools have conjured better bits of wisdom. With no offspring to distract us from one another, it became inevitable that we’d eventually unearth faults in the foundation we had built together. In recent months, Rachel had drifted to an island far apart from me. I now bobbled like flotsam within an unforgiving tide, while being subjected to the unpitying undertows of rejection and shame. 
Maybe if I closed my eyes at this precise moment I’d be able to filch another twenty minutes of shuteye before my alarm clock sounded. At this point, any amount of sleep became an ultimate form of hibernation, for it proved to be my sole amnesty from the spells that overwhelmed me during consciousness. Quite recently, even in the midst of my remissions from those episodes, I began to think about my deceased parents more frequently than I preferred. I harbored no hidden resentment for either of them, therefore my struggle to support such memories seemed unwarranted. Yet in spite of their generosity, something dwelled within them both that instigated an unnatural tension to stir at my heart’s core.
It was fair to assume that my parents, Chester and Norma Cobbs, never engaged in an act of cruelty or selfishness in their entire lives. Retrospectively, as their only child, I benefited from the privileges and discipline they instilled. Other than saddling me with the name of Corbin, which I never particularly favored, they provided the necessities for a stable, enlightening childhood. But even with these carvings of benevolence whittled into my mind, I couldn’t help shuddering at the possibility of adopting the customs and habits that defined most of their living years.
I had no infallible logic to justify this confession. Obviously, a fear of mimicking my parents’ behavior, which I thoroughly respected, made no sense. But I began to speculate that my apprehension was linked to an ever-present plague of apathy. In my opinion, this silent slaughterer murdered my father and mother’s dreams long before they stopped breathing. I believed they both died with unspoken regrets, and they deserved far more recognition than what either of them cared to realize.
Even today, nearly ten years after my father’s death, it still pained me to envision his vapid gaze in the hours before he succumbed to his illness. At that stage of his diagnosis of melanoma, more commonly referred to as the deadliest form of skin cancer, he revealed no signs of extreme discomfort or pain. But his vacant countenance caused my blood to flow in icy tributaries. He rarely complained about his fate, yet I sensed a remorsefulness churning within him that never quite faded from my recollections.
As any responsible father from his generation demonstrated, Chester Cobbs always aspired to support his family. While this was a commendable gesture, I felt as though his obsession with earning a wage hampered his relationship with both my mother and me. Furthermore, his commitment to nurturing his job left little space for him to examine any personal achievements beyond work. Surely, society had defined the expectations of my father’s success for him. But when measuring his worth, he never questioned the validity of this one-side ruler. One time my father informed me that he enjoyed writing fiction as a boy. He mentioned this to me only once, however, and perhaps while I was still too immature to question his reasons for abandoning the craft. I gathered that earning and sustaining an income supplanted any short-lived notions he harbored about exercising his creativity.
From my own observations, I sometimes discerned my father’s adherence to age-old superstitions. For example, while he was driving me to school when I was about twelve-years-old, he instinctively locked the brakes on his pickup truck to prevent from intersecting the pavement after a black cat scampered into the road. It was a minor event that I didn’t lend much speculation to at the time, but it grew in prominence as I noticed his other peculiarities. He didn’t take kindly to dark rooms or any yarns that promoted the belief of supernatural entities. In a sense, my father elected to live without complications, and assessed all things on the surface in the unobstructed light of day.
Rather than yield to the imaginative sparks that regularly ignited his only son’s thoughts, Chester Cobbs did just as everyone expected. He settled into the routine of a conventional occupation, laboring fourteen hours every day at a factory that adhered labels to canned goods. There was nothing glamorous or remotely gratifying about operating a glue machine for the better part of four decades, but steady work wasn’t taken for granted in my father’s time. He did his job without subjecting his family to chronic complaints, and pocketed the crumbs offered in the form of a paltry salary. For thirty-seven years he arrived home from work with neither a smile nor a frown, but a glimpse of worthlessness never strayed too far from his eyes. As a boy, I never thought to question my father’s happiness. Perhaps he managed to mask his melancholy behind the fact that his wife and child never went to bed cold or hungry. For most men of his age and ilk, that was all that ultimately mattered.
It wasn’t until many years after his retirement and subsequent discovery of a diseased mole on his bicep that I began to wonder if he had lived the life he truly desired. During his final months of coherency, I visited my parents’ home frequently between his doses of chemotherapy. As usual, my father never brought much to any conversation in the form of words. Apparently, men from his era weren’t supposed to verbalize their feelings, and since he no longer worked or partook in any hobbies, it left him very little material to elaborate upon. But on his deathbed, my father revealed his final words to me. Though visibly atrophied, he still harnessed enough strength in his once-sinewy hand to grasp my shoulder and pull me closer to his bedside. Then, in a moment that shall haunt me like a specter throughout the remainder of my days, he uttered four simple words into my ear: ‘I want to live.’
I repeated his syllables as if they were stuck on replay in the recesses of my brain. Chester Cobbs wanted to live. How unfortunate, I thought, that he had survived on this planet for nearly seventy-two years, but never experienced the realization of being truly alive. Perhaps there was never a right time to die, but I contended that my father had waited too long to savor his days. Now he would never have another chance to do so.
Although my mother stood beside me during my father’s closing seconds of life, I refused to relay his last confession to her. After all, she wholly believed her husband had gone to his grave with the satisfaction and faith that his soul was destined to emerge in a better place. I saw no reason to taint her illusion. My mother often retreated to her Christian doctrines when confronted with uncertainty, which characterized the philosophy of better than half of the people I had ever known. Personally, I never shared her blind euphoria for religion, but I recognized its function among those who yearned for something more substantial than what reality promised.
From my perspective, Norma Cobbs wasn’t a complicated woman on the surface. She neither worked for a wage outside our home, nor had any inclination to do so. As a boy, I couldn’t recall an instance where I ever longed for her company. In truth, she was the type of mother that every child wished for. But in many ways I saw her as quite commonplace. She spent most of her life tending to the domestic chores expected of housewives of that age. In later years, when she wasn’t catering to her husband’s whims, she occupied herself at church. I suspected she endured many hardships in her seventy-five years, evidenced by the grooves channeling into her forehead and the conspicuous way the corners of her eyes welled with tears when she assumed no one was watching. Still, adhering to the principles no doubt borrowed from her house of worship for nearly forty years, she remained resolute in her commitment to our family. My father may have toiled with the mechanisms of a glue machine for most of his life, but it was his dutiful and divine wife who produced the cohesive bond to keep our family intact.
Norma Cobbs, of course, wasn’t inclined to address any of her sorrows to her son; mothers of her generation had learned to stew in silence when hardships arose within families. But despite her impermeable facade, I suspected that a significant part of her spirit withered after my father died. She still frequented her church and gardened a plot of organic vegetables on occasion, but a distinct hollowness lurked into a countenance plagued by unfulfilled promises. Whenever we conversed, I couldn’t displace a thought that her concentration fixated on events from the past. Most of the stories she relayed in the last thirty-six months of her life were rehashed misadventures of her years spent married to my father.
Toward the end of her life, after she was confined to a hospital bed in a harshly lit medical facility, my mother reminisced on the values she once instilled in me. In truth, I owed my love for the written word to her, for she introduced me to the sheer escapism of reading. On the day she died, she remained lucid in the conveyance of her fulfillment with me.
“Corbin,” she murmured, “I want you to know how proud I am of you. You’ve done something respectable with your life. Teaching children to read and appreciate literature is such a noble profession.”
This was a mother’s platitude, and I, playing the role of a humble nobleman, would’ve gladly surrendered my kingdom for a scrap of deference among my disciples. But as any good son would’ve reacted, I nodded my head in compliance. Honestly, I don’t know if I would’ve ever shared her rather banal enthusiasm for my current status as an English teacher for high school seniors. Surely, those who committed themselves to the nourishment of young people’s minds deserved a morsel of praise, but I couldn’t deny my own shortcomings. My aspirations of becoming a recognized novelist had all but vanished, leaving me to perform my present duties in the classroom almost as a consolation to the hope I had cultivated since I was old enough to scratch pencil to paper.
My mother’s last message helped me realize how important it was for her to believe that I was at peace in my choices before she died. “You will go to grand places, Corbin—places that your father and I only occasionally dared to imagine.”
I nodded my chin submissively. A part of me secretly wished that she hadn’t squandered her assertion on my unfulfilled endeavors. But for some time afterwards, I tried to find credence in what she proclaimed. Yet a shadow of regret still flitted against the skin behind my eyelids. Pretending that I was fully content with my present station in life didn’t make the anguish disappear any faster.
Exactly three years to the day of her husband’s death, Norma Cobbs’s heart stopped beating. Sadly, not unlike my father, I detected an almost identical expression of disenchantment simmering in her dilated pupils. Not even the Bible, which she clutched so ardently against her breast, provided a sufficient barrier from her visible strife. Briefly, I wondered if my mother ever managed to attain the spiritual bliss she prayed so unselfishly for others to embrace.
When I opened my eyes and surveyed the reality of my surroundings, I was reminded that my journey through life had thus far rarely transported me beyond my home in Willows Edge. In fact, those “places” where I was supposedly destined to go, whether figurative or literal in my mother’s line of reasoning, hadn’t yet been visited. Contrary to her optimistic forecast, I never ventured far from my childhood residence. Upon my mother’s passing, I inherited the brick veneer bi-level that my father worked his whole lifetime to claim as his own. By anyone’s standards, it was a modest-sized dwelling, but adequately equipped for a couple absent of children. It didn’t require an inordinate amount of begging on my part to convince Rachel that moving into my parents’ home for a short time made financial sense, especially after analyzing the monetary restrictions of a teacher’s salary and a sluggish real estate market.
At the time, Rachel complied with my request, but only on a firm condition that we didn’t intend to reside in Willows Edge for more than five years. I tentatively agreed to her compromise, hoping that this was enough time for me to convince her of the practicality of our arrangement. Besides, I figured what had served as a thoroughly sufficient home for my parents for almost half a century certainly should’ve worked just as conveniently for us. But different times brought different expectations, and Rachel happened to be a product of a pompous age where people judged each other’s worth by the size and style of their material possessions.
After six years, we still remained in my parents’ outmoded house, but it’s not as if I ignored home improvements entirely. In order to appease my wife’s ever-changing taste in décor, I upgraded the kitchen and upstairs bathroom, and even added a sunroom to the back of the house five years ago. None of these offerings, however, prevented the inevitable resentment. After all, I had made a pledge to my wife, and she was intent on keeping me to my word.
For me, the determination to remain in Willows Edge was never entirely about the house. I simply couldn’t find another location in proximity to the woods and water that I found more desirable. Rachel hardly shared in my passionate hold on nature, at least not as fervently as I. She was perfectly content to never again hike the narrow trails enveloping Lake Endelman. Two autumns ago, she stopped accompanying me on our daily walks around the woodland paths. Apart from my dog, I now perambulated this territory alone, listening to the loons with a fleeting optimism that she would’ve one day rejoined me by a specific willow tree rooted alongside the lake’s periphery.
I always believed that those who partook in the unadorned pleasures of the earth lived less stressfully. Yet for others, such as Rachel, any fragrance of relaxation also hinted to one’s insignificance. According to my wife, it didn’t matter how many loons assembled in the tranquil waters just beyond our bedroom window. In her mind, a grander and glossier life existed somewhere closer to the throngs of people who rarely paused to indulge in life’s purest remedies.


Chapter 2

5:15 A.M.


With the courtesy of my alarm clock, I regularly awoke at half past five each morning. But it shouldn’t have surprised me that I had neglected to program my clock’s radio from the night before. Lately, my memory for routine tasks depreciated along with the rest of my health. Instead of my clock’s offering, an electronic chime roused me from my slumber today. It was a piano ensemble I’ve heard many times previously, but I couldn’t quite place it in any context at the moment. At any rate, the soothing melody vanished before I fully awoke, leading me to surmise that it was merely an element extracted from a dream. A more somber speculation was that the sound emanated from within my brain, which would’ve only lengthened my expanding list of symptoms. Surely, if the music was audible to me, my wife must’ve heard it, too. But Rachel had already fallen back to sleep twenty minutes ago. I saw no benefit to waking her again.
Ten years ago I could’ve sprung from bed as if I had steel coils affixed to the soles of my feet. However, the rust of malaise, coupled with neglect, reduced my bounce considerably. I’m inclined to blame such sluggishness on my undefined ailment, but the truth was far less forgiving. Even prior to feeling the aftereffects of my malady, I began to hesitate before conceding to the tedium of the day, sometimes to a degree where I’d contemplate staying in bed all day. Whether I wanted to confess the fact or not, I simply lost some of my zest for teaching, and maybe even life in general. Many years ago, well before I entertained the notion of becoming an educator, I thought teachers had too much structure in their lives to ever be labeled as interesting people. Now I understood the credibility of my foresight. In the classroom, I had turned into an inflexible bore, resorting to ill-timed jokes and rambling anecdotes to insulate myself from a fear of my own futility.
Of course, all of my hours in the classroom weren’t stained by such dreariness. I still experienced occasional glimpses of inspiration that impelled me to explore the next lesson in literature. Without question, teachers needed to gorge on ample portions of humility if they wished to be satiated by this profession. My appetite for creativity hadn’t diminished, however, and this attributed to a desire to feast upon other endeavors. A patented excuse for my insolvency could’ve easily been linked to the incorrigible nature of the majority of today’s teenagers. But this was yet another ruse. Most students under the age of eighteen have always acted juvenile by the standards of middle-aged adults. Maybe those among us who weren’t quite old enough to romanticize about the “good ol’ days” demonstrated the art of teaching most efficiently.
I’ve arrived at a humbling realization that most teachers have a shelf life inside the classrooms. Some last longer than others, but I estimated that our freshness expired after a decade or so. Beyond that timeframe, I’m afraid we fell prey to the same snares as those engaged in other professions. We simply became complacent. A colleague of mine once said that even the finest knives lose their sharpness after carving through too much material. By his account I must’ve resembled a fairly dull blade at this stage in my career. Obviously, a logical solution to end all of this broodiness was to just walk away from the duties with some poise still left intact. But so many of us lingered behind the big desk until the point of curdling, almost as if we had been conditioned to believe that our skills were utterly unmarketable in a realm outside a schoolyard. Regrettably, I became frightened by the prospect of balancing on life’s tightrope without a safety net. As a result of my procrastination, nineteen years of my working career had tracked by as speedily as a train zipping along the rails of time. If I hadn’t figured it out by now, this engine wasn’t stopping for me. Perhaps I just needed an encouraging nudge in a new direction.
Such ruminations always seemed more potent during my morning shower. With little else to distract me other than a continuous spray of warm water, I often focused on those things in life that had eluded my grasp for one reason or another. Furthermore, I experienced a sort of purging when engaged in the mechanical act of showering, almost lending credibility to a baptismal effect upon the human spirit. I certainly had many muddled memories to cleanse from my mind. Had this not been a school day, I might’ve even coaxed myself into staying here for a more extensive period of time.
As I already alluded, Verdi’s romantic concertos hadn’t awakened me this morning, but another melody still flopped around inside my head like a wounded pigeon. This was the same tune that startled me from my sleep. What was it? Maybe my cell-phone rang, but I usually stored that device on the kitchen counter downstairs, right beside my wallet and keys. Then I had another thought. Rachel usually brought her phone into the bedroom, where she recharged it every evening on a mahogany nightstand. Now I was almost certain this was the source, but why would her phone ring at quarter past five in the morning? She didn’t even work on Thursdays. As I slipped into a pair of faded black Dockers and a collared shirt in dire need of starch, I briefly tinkered with the notion of stealing a look at my wife’s phone’s incoming calls. But how could I do this without infringing upon the sacred trust that so many with secrets found vital in a partnership? Moreover, how would I rationalize my insecurities if my suspicions proved erroneous?
Maybe I just needed to relax. After all, to my knowledge Rachel had never intentionally wronged me in the past, and I certainly gave her no cause to do so now. But the longer I stood in front of the bathroom’s mirror contemplating such possibilities, the more critical I became of my own reflection. The passage of time surely humbled a man. My once smooth, unblemished face seemed leathered by the sun’s rays. Regrettably, I pursued a tan during my youth, but this now seemed like a narcissistic pastime. As a result, my forehead now looked like shriveled piece of bacon, but the skin beneath my eyes suffered the most extensive damage. I had inherited dark patches beneath both my eyes, too, which only became increasingly purplish in coloration as I aged. My mouse-brown hair receded as well, which often required me to clip it entirely too short, as though this was an efficient disguise from the ravages of male-patterned baldness.
Occasionally, when I scrutinized my olive-colored eyes, I remembered when they sparkled with more vibrancy. In fact, I recalled a time not long ago when it required no more than a single glance from me to acquire the attention I sought from others, including my wife. Now, an opaque haze smothered each lens, and I had become exceedingly lackluster in my mannerisms. I attributed this transformation, at least in part, to my current malady, but there was also something more intrinsic to this change, too. The passion of youth and promise crumbled from my memory, chipped away like a block of cinder beneath a blunt chisel. If such a forlorn expression was visible to me, then I suspected that Rachel had previewed it as well.
Despite my bleak perceptions, I had no right to sound so dejected. Many people had endured far more sorrow than I would’ve ever experienced in two lifetimes. Besides, the “woe as me” bit didn’t merit a sympathetic audience for too long. My wife reminded me of this point on a daily basis. Like most people, I kept my sanity by occupying my thoughts with trivial nonsense. I believed my wife handled her own disappointments in ways that most men don’t practice. When Rachel encountered periods of self-doubt or depression, she’d wander into shopping malls and masked her discontent by engaging in frivolous purchases. Her closet was laden with clothing and shoes that I hadn’t seen her wear more than once.
Men had other remedies to counterbalance their fretfulness. For me, jogging functioned as a reliable deterrent for many years, but a persistent knee injury prompted me to embrace a less rigorous form of therapy. Three years ago, in one of my more defiant moments of matrimony, I decided to challenge my wife’s authority and adopt an abandoned dog from a nearby shelter. Despite Rachel’s accusations, my choice to care for a pet wasn’t designed to create disharmony in our household. The dog, which was a medium-sized, black and white collie, proved to be my faithful companion during our strolls around Lake Endelman. Of course, Rachel never took a liking to this female canine, and made it abundantly obvious that the obligations connected to this four-legged houseguest belonged entirely to me.
Since the moment this dog entered my life, I had commissioned an ally who seemed oblivious to my shortcomings. I named her Jolly Roger because of her unusual markings. Her white fur was sparse in portions, but entirely black around the left eye, giving her the appearance of a one-eyed pirate. Since the dog’s name confused people, I typically abbreviated her name to Jolly. Apart from her random eye-patch, there was nothing remarkable about this dog. In truth, she barked incessantly at frivolous distractions, and gnawed on furniture legs in the house like rawhide bones. But I sensed something soft and vulnerable in her caramel eyes whenever she looked my way. It was almost as if she wanted to convey her gratitude for the chance I had provided her to befriend me. Of all animals, the domesticated dog was most magnanimous. In exchange for canned food, a foam-padded bed, and maybe an occasional scratch behind her ears, Jolly provided the acceptance I yearned for in the form of a wag from her tail or lick of my hand. I know it’s an overstated maxim, but a dog’s commitment to its owner’s endeavors was unrivaled by any creature that walked on four legs or two.
My susceptibility to the “man’s-best-friend syndrome”, however, wasn’t highly contagious. Rachel still insisted that I limited the range of Jolly’s house privileges to a cage whenever we weren’t home, and also while we slept. Since Jolly’s appetite for lacquered wood hadn’t diminished since her arrival, I had no practical choice but to comply with my wife’s request. Part of my morning routine included unlatching Jolly’s cage, which was conveniently positioned in a bathroom adjacent to the kitchen. Upon hearing me lumber into the kitchen to brew my morning coffee, Jolly greeted me with her obligatory howls and whimpers.
For a dog, a release from any confined space always instigated the most acrobatic calisthenics imaginable. Jolly didn’t stop leaping at my hands and pirouetting until I walked back into the kitchen to fetch her leash hanging on a pegboard near the backdoor. I had become so predictable that even she anticipated my motions before I completed them. As always, I stopped at the counter to retrieve my cars keys, cell-phone, and a signature good luck charm, a Canadian one-dollar coin that was affectionately nicknamed a “loonie”. After forwarding a few reassuring strokes to the back of Jolly’s neck, I fastened the leash to her collar and proceeded to open the door.
Normally, Jolly charged toward the nearest shrub as soon as I extended her access into the backyard, but the damp weather caused her to hesitate briefly this morning. I paused in the doorway just long enough to remember that the rain had inspired me to conduct some of my own business before leaving the house. Jolly remained patient as I dashed toward the guest bathroom, which consisted of a basic toilet, sink, and Jolly’s cage. The toilet was seldom used, but Rachel insisted that its lid be closed at all times, as if an open toilet was tantamount to infidelity.
My wife also had an unnatural obsession with household bleach, so much to a degree where I’d be overcome by the noxious fumes if I inhaled too deeply while urinating. She polished porcelain surfaces that appeared virtually spotless to the male eye, and this bathroom didn’t avoid her scrutiny. Since trivial matters spawned most arguments between couples, I learned to adapt to her idiosyncrasies without resistance. But as I unzipped my pants, I noticed two irregularities in the bathroom that might’ve slipped past my inspection on any other morning but this one.
Firstly, the toilet seat and lid remained in an upward position, and I detected a dried yellowish stain at the bowl’s rim in proximity to the seat’s hinge. I then tried to recall when I last used this bathroom, which couldn’t have been later than Monday morning. If this was the case, then Rachel must’ve forgotten to sterilize this particular toilet for the past two days. In my way of estimating, this form of normal neglect simply didn’t occur in Rachel’s germ phobic routine. Why hadn’t she cleaned this bathroom, or at least demanded that I do so in her place?
My ever-patient collie still waited for me without protest as I pondered a reasonable excuse. The dog’s heavy panting signaled that her bladder was nearly as full as my imagination. “It’s okay,” I assured her. “We’ll go outside in a second.” Did I truly expect a protest from my compliant dog? If necessary, she would’ve sat there whining all day in an effort to appease me. But I needed to satisfy my suspicion that someone else had in fact used this bathroom after me since Monday. And because the trace of urine was in a spot on the bowl where it would’ve been impossible (or at least impractical) to be deposited by a woman, I concluded that another man must’ve been inside this house. Only question that remained: who?
Since Rachel sold residential real estate for a living, it wasn’t thoroughly impractical for me to assume that she had invited a client inside our home to discuss a contractual clause or two. Maybe a male friend had stopped by, or perhaps she hosted an idealistic couple in search of a serene lakeside residence. Any of these scenarios were plausible, but my wife made no mention of such visitations to me. Whether I was right or wrong in my assumption, I began to consider that the myopic man who used this toilet might’ve also relieved himself in other rooms within my house. Undoubtedly, Rachel would’ve complained that it was incredibly juvenile of me to leap to such a tawdry conclusion, but I had no qualms about resorting to untested tactics when the older ones proved terribly insufficient.
In the midst of my contemplations, I turned back toward Jolly for a reassuring gaze. She looked back at me with an unwavering obedience. Not even a hint of deceit blotched her untainted eyes. “If only dogs could talk,” I whispered with a self-deprecating grin. “What strange tales would they tell?”
My four-legged companion wiggled closer to me, prancing on the tiles as if she had already surpassed her capacity to contain her bladder a second longer. I then exited the bathroom with no evidence other than what my thoughts permitted me to construct. The curse of creativity, as my mother once informed me, was that such a mind never really rested. Minute details lingered longer than necessary, and sometimes triggered a disconnection from the events of any particular moment.
Admittedly, for a long time I had walked with my visor lowered, never suspecting that the perils infecting other marriages could’ve one day contaminated my own. Now, when something was askew, I opted to study it with an apprehensive eye. Usually, by the time a person’s common sense overruled his blind trust in a spouse, the adulterous stains of lust had already settled into the bed linen’s threadwork. I then began to scan my memory for other peculiarities within our marriage that linked the circumstances I had already discerned in the bathroom.
Rachel designated two days off for herself during each workweek. She was frequently compulsive about her physique, and toiled at least three hours every Tuesday and Thursday mornings at the local gym toning her figure. Her fidelity toward aerobics and yoga produced some undeniably curvaceous results, and I made certain to compliment her efforts dutifully. But lately, she didn’t seem too concerned with my opinion. For a woman in her early forties, she looked almost ten years younger than her actual age, but this didn’t bode well for a husband who obviously drafted water from another spring. Although I wasn’t out of shape by the standards of most married men in their mid-forties, I certainly couldn’t be agreeably compared to those sculpted specimens she routinely bumped biceps with on communal treadmills and tracks.
At first I dedicated little interest to her wholesome hobby. After all, we all needed something to distract us from our realities. I learned early on that Rachel actually preferred going to the gym alone, just as I once favored writing in my journals under similar conditions. But after lending thorough consideration to the matter, I reflected upon a behavior on her part that should’ve provoked my scrutiny long before now. Rachel, being a woman who embraced her femininity, enjoyed applying her facial makeup in a particular fashion. I was never bothered by the amount of time it required for her to satisfy her vain pursuits, but sometimes the process seemed out of order. For example, one Tuesday morning a few weeks ago, in which I happened to be off from work, I noticed her putting on blush, lipstick, and eyeliner as if she was preening for a job interview rather than a workout at a health club.
I didn’t profess to know the exact chemistry between cosmetics and sweat, but the two ingredients struck me as uncomplimentary to a persnickety woman’s complexion. Of course, I made no direct mention of my observation, for fear of being branded as paranoid or inordinately jealous. Naturally, if challenged by me, Rachel would’ve obstinately defended her choice to primp herself before leaving the house, citing her habits as nothing more outlandish than my preference to shave and shower before strolling around Lake Endelman. Knowing too much about one another often resulted in a touché in judgment, and this was yet another fencing match that I elected to circumvent.
Yet, I was wise enough to recognize the early signs of flirtation and where it ultimately misled those who pursued its musty scent. At one time, I had been at the receiving end of such ploys. The unskilled art of all of it wasn’t difficult to decipher. Someone most likely enticed Rachel at the gym. He might’ve been younger and still teeming with elegant dreams that caused married women her age to gush with exaggerated curiosity. But as surely as I had pondered the notion, he was there, coiled like a pretty serpent in the shadows, awaiting his chance to inject a syrupy venom into her veins. Once in place, this smooth poison eventually permeated her heart and transmuted the joys of yesterday into the sorrows of today.
Was it really conceivable that my wife had betrayed me? Surely, a raised toilet seat and a spot of urine didn’t automatically render her guilty of such an unsavory deed. I once conjectured that every man had a right to believe he satisfied his wife’s desires if she didn’t speak otherwise on the matter. But our lovemaking was noticeably infrequent, and even more so in recent months. Perhaps it was all too much to consider. Maybe I truly was paranoid, and urgently required drugs to pacify my irrationalities. Why couldn’t Rachel’s feelings be as simple to interpret as Jolly’s thoughts? My collie’s requirements were always apparent, and she never concealed them behind an ulterior rationale.
Ultimately, this current plight was as humdrum as anything else in my life. Marital affairs were as common as storm clouds over Willows Edge, and stepping out into this sodden spring morning reminded me of the inexorable process of renewal. As raindrops dappled against my cheeks and eyelids, a pulverizing thought decimated whatever remained of my confidence. I couldn’t be looked upon as a fresh season in Rachel’s life anymore; the lure of another man’s fragrance potentially held the seductive perfumes of promise. Now, with the rain and tears mixing indiscernibly upon my face, the melody of Rachel’s cell-phone chimed continuously within my brain.
Chapter 3

5:42 A.M.


During the morning rainfall in spring, I usually felt invigorated by the dewy air. At least momentarily, most of the ominous clouds already diminished soon after I walked outside, which made the use of an umbrella excessive. Jolly and I didn’t ordinarily deviate from our standard route. We really had no cause to be overly venturesome in this capacity. Well-defined trails encircled most of the forest’s landscape leading to and from Lake Endelman, and there happened to be a specific pathway easily accessible from my backyard. My collie had become so habituated to this jaunt that she tracked her own paw prints from the previous mornings. I languidly followed behind her as she zigzagged between the underbrush in route to a modestly shaded dell that provided a scenic view of the entire horseshoe-shaped lake. No motor crafts were permitted here to disrupt the water; this luxury provided its denizens a sanctuary from man’s interference.
Farther along the wood’s hollow, I found my favorite rock to recline upon. This was the very same spot that I had revisited since my boyhood. The rock’s surface was flat on its topside, partially mantled in a pea-green moss, and conveniently jutting from the soil in a place absent from dense foliage or brushwood. Additionally, the view of Lake Endelman was unobstructed from this vantage point. I fondly reminisced about bringing a journal here in my younger years and writing for hours on end, sometimes until the late afternoon’s light slipped behind the camouflage of evergreens. I wanted to get back to the habit of writing again, and even recently purchased a leatherback journal to give me an inspiration to do so.
Just along the lake’s lower embankment, towards the rock’s left side, I noticed an isolated willow tree budding with its early signs of verdant lace. In the summertime, this tree’s arched limbs furnished both shade and esthetic charm to the setting. Since there weren’t any other willow trees quite like it along the lake’s perimeter, it merited a singular remembrance from me. In fact, I never recalled a time when the tree wasn’t leaning crookedly beside the water with its roots knotted on the knoll’s edge. I especially liked the way in which its branches swayed in the tepid breezes of the day, intermittingly allowing bands of sunlight to illuminate its foliage. Had I only judged the world on the quietude and beauty of this sole habitat, I would’ve contended that nothing terrible ever occurred beyond its borders.
In recent weeks I began collecting quarter-sized stones from the lake’s edge and then proceeded to assemble them in a sort of cairn beneath the willow tree. I had no explanation for my enthusiasm of this chore, other than I might’ve harbored thoughts of skimming these rocks across the water’s placid surface, as I practiced during my youth. But at the present hour, I hadn’t flung a single pebble from the arranged pile. Yet I was unusually conscious of this collection, and committed myself to add at least one rock to the arrangement before the end of each visit.
The lure of residing in an environment such as Willows Edge was the fact that few things changed drastically (or at all) in nearly seventy-five years. The town’s inhabitants, mostly beyond the age of fifty, were quite adamant to keep things preserved from the wheels of progression whirling on all sides of the township’s precincts. Of course, not everyone cherished the solitude and simplicity of my hometown. For some, my wife included, this potted paradise seemed like an ecological prison. She no longer felt privileged to retreat within the threadwork of trails weaving between trees and wild perennials that withstood at least a hundred winters of snowfall.
From Rachel’s perspective, more illustrious destinations certainly awaited. Presently, she longed for the bustle of city life, and aspired to frequent museums as a means to augment her appreciation for culture and human achievement. She often told me that the woods were a place to camp, not to live. My shortsighted perceptions, I gathered, had caused her to grow numb with boredom. Still, I couldn’t help but to savor the times in which she pretended to embrace my passions.
When we first married, we often hiked to the same willow tree I just spoke about. In those days, we usually settled down to a picnic lunch on the mossy rock, sometimes to observe a family of painter turtles scuttling along the lake’s fringes. While sipping wine and indulging on pungent cheese and crackers, (her idea), we prattled about the frolicsome delights that young lovers often do. In those calm, uncomplicated moments of togetherness, it didn’t seem as if we’d ever drift away from one another. She’d spin yarns about her childhood home in Boston, and I’d read passages of my unfinished novels to her from my journals. I distinctly remembered her gushing, ‘you’re going to be a famous writer someday, Corbin. I can just feel it’. Naturally, I smiled at her assertion, mostly because I wanted this to be true, but I now thought we both envisioned it for different reasons.
As a teacher and writer, I certainly understood the necessity of questing for adventure in order to enrich my surroundings. I even once prescribed to the notion that a truly ambitious man rarely set boundaries to his travels. But as I advanced toward middle age, I recognized how many people lived out their days in discontentment, always yearning to be somewhere other than where they actually were. According to Rachel, I had reverted to a simpler time by coming back to Willows Edge, and my occupation at a neighboring high school left her with no encouraging hope for us to ever reside anywhere far beyond this provincial backdrop.
A few months before her death, my mother advised me about something she detected in Rachel’s eyes, or more precisely, an intangible trait she no longer espied. Apparently, in the early days of my marriage, my mother remembered Rachel gazing at me with a fondness that fully projected my wife’s amorous feelings. As far as my mother was concerned, Rachel needed no words to convey this notion, because her eyes spoke volumes more than what her lips could’ve ever possibly uttered. But mothers typically sensed contempt toward their children well before they had an ability to see it for themselves. In this vein, Norma Cobbs communicated her suspicions to me in uncensored terms. 
“You know, Corbin, you’re not going to keep Rachel happy forever, not here anyway. She expects more from the world, and more from you. I’m afraid she doesn’t truly love you anymore.”
Naturally, I became defensive toward my mother’s accusation, especially since she had lived her entire life in Willows Edge alongside my father without complaint. Of course, I lacked the ability or desire to observe Rachel’s transformation until quite recently. Now, as my mother prophesized, it might’ve been too late for me to make a difference in Rachel’s mind.
It didn’t require a glare from my wife in order for me to comprehend her disappointment in my unfulfilled expectations. Honestly, I believed almost any woman would’ve behaved similarly. In happier times, Rachel always provided me with the encouragement to keep writing, no matter how often the pressures of life constricted my imagination. But as I settled into a career in teaching, I felt virtually abandoned by the Muses. It’s not that I deemed myself an abject failure for accepting my position as an educator. After all, most people commended me for enduring a high school atmosphere for the past nineteen years. Moreover, I had no reservations about analyzing literature with a younger generation. In fact, I likened it to a therapeutic exercise for the soul. Yet, no matter how many gratifying instances I recounted in the classroom among my students, I couldn’t displace a paralyzing notion that I had compromised the pursuit of my own passion to indulge in the creations of other authors.
In my home’s basement I stored a cardboard box that contained all of my writings since childhood. Presently, at least fifteen notebooks of various sizes and colors remained crammed with pages upon pages of handwritten short stories, screenplays, comic books, and unedited novels I penned since my own high school years. At one time, I displayed some of these works hesitantly to the people whom I trusted, but now I tucked them all into the dusty dankness of a cellar, sealed away from any chance of future criticism.
Perhaps a nagging phobia of rejection hindered me for most of my life, and I suspected other unproven authors underwent a similar struggle. Unfortunately, a writer’s mind cultivated introspective thoughts, inevitably causing him to second guess his own creativity. As a result, I learned to walk behind the shadows of others, permitting them to stride with glowing confidence, while I tripped and sputtered in the cracks along a splintered sidewalk.
Rachel may not have thought of me as a cosmopolitan spirit, but I knew she never comprehended the uncharted regions I routinely explored within the framework of literature. Whether my journeys were authentic or conjured didn’t matter to me. Besides, nothing in reality ever rivaled the realm of fantasy. While encapsulated between the unfettered pages of prose, I’ve scaled the towering turrets of fabled castles, and meandered through the pastoral provinces of English moors. I’ve previewed Victorian cities and surveyed the war-ravaged remnants of the world’s lost civilizations. I’ve journeyed high into the Swiss Alps and Appalachian trails, and deep into the wooded hollows of legendary pathways. My expeditions have guided me beyond the miry banks of the Mississippi River, through the serpentine savageness of a Congolese adventure, and along the flooded infrastructures of medieval Venice.
I’ve navigated the untamed currents of oceans and seas from the north Atlantic to the Mediterranean and back again. The grand adventures of Homeric heroes and heralded sleuths all remained stationed within the confines of my brain. I’ve conversed with madmen and demons, lovers and saints, dreamers and schemers, poets and prodigies, and all those literary icons that flourished in the minds of this world’s most innovative spirits. Yet at the conclusion of each day, my vicarious voyages ceased with the closing of a book, or at least that’s how I always predicted the outcome before this morning.
Now, as complications of my malady rooted like tendrils within my mind, I recognized that my spells of unconsciousness became more frequent and somehow freakishly connected to everything I had just described. Up until recently, I had no perceptible recollection of where my mind ventured during the blackouts. But suddenly, the destinations were partially tangible, almost to a level where I fully immersed myself into each environment at will. Yet at the same time, I encountered only a brief period of dizziness and perspiration before the onset of each episode. This left me virtually no time to adequately prepare for what awaited me behind closed eyelids.
This morning’s clement air only offered a temporary refuge from my disease. I had little reason to hope that my symptoms had regressed. If anything, my condition turned more unpredictable with each ensuing second. Even sitting in the willow tree’s shadow upon my favorite rock alongside my dog provided minimal protection from this ever-present disorder. The best thing for me to do now was return to my home and attempt to refresh my thoughts there. After all, I still had a full day of classes to instruct and didn’t currently have any sick time left to squander. Although my head felt considerably weighted, I remained confident that I had the stamina to endure a short jaunt back along the trail. Jolly seemed eager to comply, too, especially since the common loons weren’t anywhere within range of our vantage point this morning.
As I tried to stand up from the rock, however, I sensed a spell of vertigo overwhelm me. Instead of tumbling from my feet, which would’ve resulted in even more distress upon my eventual awakening, I eased down into a squatting position atop the rock. The dizziness rarely ceased without first rendering me unconscious for what I estimated to be no more than three minute intervals. Rather than resist the inevitable episode, I gently reclined on the rock’s surface, using the moss as a sort of makeshift cushion for the back of my neck. Jolly whimpered at my side, but I had no doubt that she’d look after me until I regained consciousness.
The last image I saw before passing out was a mass of silver clouds assembling above the treetops like a vanguard of armored sentinels.



Chapter 4

5:54 A.M.


I found no discernible address on the brownstone edifice that I eventually surveyed. Yet for reasons I didn’t yet organize into any useful diagram of thought, I entered this rather austere building and ascended a staircase to its second floor. The colorless interior was faintly illuminated by a skylight, but not with any pretentious flair. Before crossing a stark corridor, I made my way to a hazy glass window and stared outward into a picture that no longer existed in my time. This region was certainly a metropolitan environment, but blandly out of phase by the standards of cities of a more modern era. Rather than bustling with the sounds of horns and toxic plumes of vehicle exhaust, this street was clogged with horse-drawn omnibuses and a pedestrian climate that appeared speckled with an assortment of sable derbies and long coats. If there was a woman afoot among those scuttling between the taxis and storefronts, I couldn’t have claimed to perceive a single one.
When the dust settled from a line of carriages strewn with visages oozing thickly with indifference and edginess, I realized that I had ventured upon a populated region of Manhattan. A prompt gander at a shingle posted above a vendor’s fruit cart confirmed my suspicion. I had somehow found my way to Wall Street, but only as a fiscal empire in its infancy. A faint pulse of greed may have already primed these streets with frenzied dreams, but not yet with the resounding echoes of what would’ve soon become the economic heartbeat of the western world. I speculated that at least a hundred years separated this version of Wall Street from its current model.
Based on its dearth of color, the corridor I presently stood in appeared to belong to a hospital. Apparently, a rather heedless tradesman had whitewashed the plaster walls and even the woodwork around a configuration of doorframes, leaving only a partial elegance to the chestnut and mahogany trim that I expected from nineteenth century carpentry. I then proceeded up the narrow hallway, passing a few professionally groomed dandies who reeked of tobacco and fusty cologne. They nodded at me cordially without offering any verbal salutation. Eventually, I trained my eye on a windowed door at the corridor’s far end. A tarnished brass plate on the door’s exterior read ‘Law Offices.’
Without yet realizing the purpose of this visitation, I entered the office in a casual manner that belied my curiosity. Although there was adequate space across the hardwood floors for six or seven workstations, I counted only three desks, one of which was barren of any signs of steady occupation. For an office’s interior of this era, the sparse décor didn’t offer any revelations, but I was slightly taken aback by the amount of barren white space on the walls. Apparently, the proprietor of this establishment was not keen to artistic distractions.
Surprisingly, no one greeted me upon entering, causing me to cogitate that I had inadvertently utilized a method of invisibility. Then, stationed to the room’s left side, I witnessed one corpulent gentleman snoring at his desk. A jar of ink had tipped over on a pile of paperwork set before him. I assumed the man must’ve been accustomed to this unproductive posture, for he didn’t even flinch when I attempted to rouse him from his slumber. Perhaps a faint odor of booze should’ve enlightened me to the gravity of his situation.
Beyond this point I came across another man, considerably younger than me, dutifully devoting his hand to a writing task at his desk. This fellow was comparatively thinner than the other loafer, and certainly busied himself in a fashion that made me wonder if he ever lifted his head from his legal drafts. I soon contended that every man, no matter how industrious in appearance, experienced momentary lapses of concentration. For this worker, I suspected that his source of delight was traceable to a silver platter. As I neared his desk, I noticed at least two spicy-scented cookies and sweet cakes positioned strategically next to his paperwork. The crumbs of these delicacies desecrated his surroundings like rat droppings.
I couldn’t determine if he derived any satisfaction from his workload, but his compulsion toward this particular food seemed as palpable as the baked remnants strewn in his whiskers. He forwarded no opinion to me on this matter, however, and only nodded guardedly as I sidled by his station. I might’ve stopped and chatted with this fellow had it not been for an alternative commotion. From the corner of the room, near a glass double-door separating this area from another, I glimpsed at an elfish boy flitting about like a wingless sparrow as if he had some business of momentous consequence to attend.
Unlike the duo of occupants, this lad made no attempt to showcase his relevance by wearing appropriate attire for his surroundings. He appeared quite commonplace in many respects, mimicking the dress typical of impoverished twelve-year-old boys from the later 1800’s. Tattered suspenders hiked up a pair of short pants that appeared borrowed from his older brother or cousin. But despite his slovenly style, the boy was well received by the others in company. I soon ascertained that this admiration was directly attributed to a tray of scrumptious cakes and red apples he routinely delivered throughout the premises. To the boy, my presence in the office must’ve seemed bewildering, too, but he approached me without any qualms of my intent. Rather than ignore me, he scurried up with a tray in hand like a well-tipped waiter and displayed his wares conspicuously beneath my nose.
“Would you prefer a ginger cake or apple?” he offered sprightly. I gathered that he hadn’t been refused on many occasions. I noticed that those who confirmed this point had already greedily snatched several cookies from the tray.
“No, thank you,” I responded. But then remarked, “By the way, what kind of business goes on here?”
The boy smiled ingenuously, which hinted that he probably didn’t serve any further function than what I presently observed.
“I’m just an errand boy,” he admitted. “The boss likes me to keep Nippers and Turkey happy.” He then motioned to the other two men I previously encountered, both whom were momentarily distracted by an alluring aroma permeating the office space.
“They both work better with sweets,” the lad added.
“Yes, especially your spicy cakes,” I declared. Before finishing this thought, I realized that I hadn’t simply stumbled upon any law office on Wall Street in the nineteenth century. If my calculations proved accurate, this was the existing occupancy of a rather unfortunate character. The one I now conversed with, of course, was not that person.
“You must be Ginger Nut,” I surmised. The lad was obviously startled by my seemingly prophetic skill to foretell his name without an introduction.
“That’s what they call me around here,” he said. “But I’ve never seen you in this building before, mister. My boss must’ve just hired you, am I right?”
“Why do you think that?”
Ginger Nut immediately referenced my clothing. I hadn’t yet realized how unintentionally outlandish my modern-day shirt and trousers must have appeared to even this callow observer.
“You don’t look like you’re from around this city,” he noted.
Rather than entertain Ginger Nut’s notion, I simply attempted to avert the topic by moving onto something more pertinent. “Let’s talk about your boss,” I inquired pensively. “I believe he’s a lawyer. Is that correct?”
The mild-eyed child nodded his chin as he adjusted the treats on his tray. Admittedly, the cakes’ sugary fragrance enticed me to a point where I sought to taste one out of curiosity. But I resisted long enough to ask Ginger Nut a more essential question. “How many men does your boss currently having you running sweet cakes to?”
“Mostly those two,” he said while motioning to the office’s only visible occupants.
“Turkey and Nippers?”
“Yep.”
“Anyone else?”
The boy hesitated, almost as if empowered by his own reluctance. “If you’re not working here already,” he finally mentioned, “then why do you care to know?”
“Let’s just say I might be looking to obtain work here,” I fibbed. “Do you like my chances of being hired by your boss?”
Ginger Nut gnawed on his bottom lip before attempting a response. “My boss is a pretty swell fellow, and the guys do seem rather busy around here lately.”
“So an extra pair of hands might be beneficial. Is that fair to assume?”
My persistence prompted another expression of uncertainty from the errand boy. “My boss already thought of that idea,” he announced. “A couple of weeks back he hired a new guy, but he doesn’t keep his desk out here with the others.”
“Oh,” I remarked, staring toward the double-glass doors before Ginger Nut impelled me to do so. “So you’re now providing three men with cookies and apples?”
“Not really.”
“But you just said there’s another man here besides Nippers and Turkey.”
“That’s right.”
“Doesn’t the third man like sweets, too?”
“Sometimes,” Ginger Nut huffed, “but lately it seems he doesn’t prefer much of anything.”
I smiled tentatively before reaching my hand down and extracting one cookie from Ginger Nut’s tray. “I think I’ll try one of your treats after all,” I said, compliantly.
“Take as many as you wish, mister.”
“One will suffice, Ginger Nut.” I then lifted a treat from the tin tray. It still felt relatively moist between my fingers. The diminutive child’s eyes ignited with anticipation as he watched me break off a corner of the cake and pop it in my mouth. It was much spicier than I imagined or hoped, but edible just the same.
“Aren’t you gonna eat it all?” he inquired eagerly.
“In time,” I said. I proceeded to stuff the remaining piece of cookie in my pant’s pocket before saying, “I’ll have more of an appetite after I speak with your boss. Is he in the office now?”
Ginger Nut conscientiously escorted me to the double glass doors at the room’s far end. These doors remained half open, affording the adjacent room’s occupants audible access to the activities of Nippers and Turkey. Before the errand boy rushed off to other chores, he told me to search for the oldest gentleman in the office. It didn’t take me long to do so. As I passed between the double glass doors, I immediately noticed an elderly and partially sheepish man milling through the drawers of a filing cabinet. Although we had never officially encountered one another, I felt I already had an advantage in our forthcoming communications.
I expected those who lived for more than six decades to move a tad slothfully on occasion, but there was something deliberately morose in this elderly man’s gait. He seemed to have lost his moxie for the day’s general routine. Honestly, I perceived this attorney’s demeanor as almost as dog-eared as the pewter-colored suit clinging on his frail frame. To his credit, however, I espied nothing resembling haughtiness in his mannerisms, which typically infected those associated with this profession. As I stood on the threshold of his office, he acknowledged me by clearing his throat. I waited until he plopped his misshapen body into a leather-upholstered chair behind his desk.
“Well, sir,” he remarked tolerantly. “Do you have some legal business that you would like attended?”
At this moment I wasn’t quite sure if I fully comprehended the relevance of this interaction, but I pretended otherwise. “I’m looking for a gentleman,” I declared.
The attorney’s face remained fixated in a frown as he rifled through a stack of legal documents. Until this point, he hadn’t insisted upon knowing my name or the nature of this conference. His desire to show leniency toward my intrusion impressed me, as it must have done to others at various times.
“There’s a short supply of gentlemen in this corner of the world,” the elder announced cheerlessly. This lawyer’s indisputable lack of enthusiasm might’ve struck me as farcical if I didn’t suspect the nature of his malaise. At present, he revealed nothing to underline the rigidity sometimes required from his unscrupulous trade. I stepped into his office without the slightest indication that he’d do anything to stop me. Even so, he deserved fair treatment.
“I just spoke with your office boy,” I explained. “He told me that you currently have three men working here besides yourself.”
The oldster then assumed a standing position, or at least he stood as upright as his hunched spine permitted. He then held forth a skeletal hand that quivered like a sapling’s branch in a windstorm. “Excuse me, sir,” he said contritely, “are you from the Census Bureau?”
“No, sir. I’m just a curious passerby.”
The lawyer withdrew his hand before I fully extended my own. “I am not in the business of entertaining curiosities,” he censured me. “Now, apart from prying, sir, what is your precise business in my chamber?”
In this instance, resorting to a temperate lie registered as a reasonable tactic to advance our discourse. But since I didn’t yet understand my objective, the prospect of being plainspoken seemed like a pleasant alternative.
“My name is Corbin Cobbs,” I proclaimed. “Honestly, I was strolling around the city and sort of just ended up here in your office, sir.”
The lawyer immediately dipped his angular chin toward a pad of legal paper and scratched a note with his fountain pen. After casting a hasty glance at his desk calendar, he appeared increasingly agitated by my shortsighted explanation.
“It is not my practice to partake in rudeness, sir, but I’m a very busy man and I don’t have time to interview men who just happen to show up at my workplace in the middle of the afternoon.”
“Oh, I’m not here for an interview,” I clarified. “In fact, now that I think about it, I don’t even think I’ve come here to speak with you at all.”
Naturally, my vague responses caused the lawyer to appear duly perplexed. But he continued to exhibit a remarkable restraint in regard to my trespass. “Perhaps we should start over,” he suggested. “Unless you count the errand boy as my fourth employee to earn a wage here, the number currently stands at three. I suspect that it shouldn’t be too strenuous for us to determine the person you’ve come to find.”
I didn’t aim for the old attorney’s direction more so than his approval. This office simply wasn’t spacious enough to get lost in, and I already calculated the approximate location of the man I sought. Still, because the lawyer merited some respect for the friction he endured before my arrival, I elected to procure his authorization.
“I’m looking for a fellow by the name of Bartleby,” I said. The lawyer’s expression suddenly soured as if he had consumed a stale morsel of Ginger Nut’s sweet cakes. Considering what I presently surmised about the man in question, the lawyer’s flustered reaction didn’t astonish me.
The oldster sighed disconsolately and said, “Ah, Bartleby.” The frustration bottled within this attorney’s body must have compounded for weeks. When he spoke again, I heard the angst swelling in his voice like an untamed squall. “What ever on this earth could you possibly want from that obstinate man?”
“Then he does still work here?”
“It’s more accurate to proclaim that he’s still here,” the lawyer corrected. “It’s too generous of an assessment to allege that he does anything resembling work on these premises.”
“But you hired him as a legal copyist, sir, and you know that he’s not presently fulfilling the obligations of his employment.”
“Indeed,” the lawyer remarked.
“If this is the situation, why don’t you simply terminate him?”
The oldster paused to reflect upon what many perceived as his overriding infirmity as a manager. His explanation brought me no closer to understanding Bartleby’s undeclared motivation.
“As you may or may not know, Mr. Cobbs,” the lawyer expostulated. “Scriveners aren’t common to come across in any economy. I’ve done my best to grasp the source of Bartleby’s rather peculiar disposition, but I’m afraid my efforts have become counterproductive.”
“Would you mind if I tried talking to the man?” I asked. “Maybe he needs an arbitrary voice for his troubles.”
Had I been in the company of any other employer, my request would’ve been readily dismissed. But this lawyer harbored a benevolence that defied reasonable charity. Besides, I already knew that the attorney’s scruples had unwillingly obstructed common sense. His eyes agreed with my proposal before his lips parted a predictable admonition.
“Mr. Cobbs, I don’t see how your input could possibly influence Bartleby. You should know that he started out as a proficient addition to my staff. But suddenly, for reasons only recognizable to him, he refuses to work in exchange for the space and salary I so graciously provide.”
“I’m aware of his state of mind,” I said.
“Then you’re formally acquainted with Bartleby?”
“In a very indirect way, sir.”
The lawyer, still bemused by my artful phrasing, shrugged his rounded shoulders and announced submissively, “I don’t suppose you can inflict any more damage than his idleness has already done to my bottom line.”
“I won’t make any promises, but I will assure you that my efforts to rehabilitate your third scrivener will be sincere.”
“Then go to it, Mr. Cobbs,” the lawyer instructed. “You’ll find him just beyond the double glass doors. Look for a green canopy separating his space from this one. As certain as Swiss clockwork, you’ll see Bartleby hunkered listlessly behind his desk, waiting for something he only understands.”
After thanking the attorney for his hospitality I followed his direction to the room’s opposite corner and discovered the makeshift barrier. A nearly transparent tarpaulin suspended from the ceiling hardly served as an efficient form of privacy, but it apparently proved functional in Bartleby’s mind. Just as the lawyer stated, the scrivener squatted in his hermitage with a forlorn gaze, barely flinching as I peeked around the canopy to make my presence known. One window remained in view of the indolent scrivener’s desk, but its vista offered nothing more riveting than a neighboring alley’s brick wall. Had I not known differently, I would’ve diagnosed Bartleby’s disorder as being chronically immobilized.
Until this moment I rarely envisioned the emergence of apathy in the flesh, but Bartleby’s countenance was far more disturbing than I dared to imagine. This emaciated character still hadn’t shifted in his chair behind the green screen as I approached. No hue of health occupied his concaved cheeks or lips, so much to a degree where I almost felt inclined to monitor his pulse for an indication of life. Since he was not yet clinically dead, I felt he deserved little pity for his lackadaisical disposition. Of course, I was willing to permit him to offer an explanation for his insistence on doing nothing more than occupy space.
I remembered that the lawyer often needed to coax Bartleby from his state of muteness, and this quandary apparently hadn’t improved since my arrival. Rather than attempt to concoct some clever excuse for my interruption, I simply addressed my business straightforwardly.
“Your boss told me that I could talk to you for a few minutes,” I said while edging closer to his station. My proximity to him now caused our shadows to commingle against the lime-colored canopy draped beside us. The copyist kept his hands folded on the desktop, which was empty save for a small lamp at its center. I initially suspected that he was engaged in a prayer, but this action would’ve required him to express faith in something beyond the moment. It was also irrefutable that his lack of enthusiasm had worn down most proponents of dialogue in the past. Unfortunately for Bartleby, I had demonstrated my own brand of stubbornness on occasion.
“I’m not going to leave until you talk to me,” I averred. At first, my statement spawned no perceptible reaction from the defiant clerk. But after a few seconds, he tilted his wiry neck just far enough to acknowledge me.
“I would prefer no company,” he declared, morosely.
I should’ve anticipated as much. But rather than allow him to persist in his despondency without criticism, I continued to make a nuisance out of myself. “From what I’ve been told, Bartleby, you don’t seem to be in the mood for much anything lately.”
The scrivener resumed his unanimated posture, while simultaneously fixating his stare on a vacant portion of the wall adjacent to us. He delayed long enough for me to recall that I still had a piece of sweet cake stashed in my pocket. Since Bartleby looked as if he was famished for more than inspiration, I retrieved the spicy treat from my pants and placed it in a halo of light illuminating his desktop. Admittedly, it was rather inelegant of me to present a half-nibbled cookie to a stranger, but I really wanted to test his resistance.
“Ginger Nut gave this to me,” I said. “It’s yours if you want it.”
“I would prefer not to eat,” the disagreeable scrivener snorted.
“How original,” I thought aloud. The unflustered copyist continued to avert my eyes as if I possessed some clandestine knowledge that he didn’t want exposed. In truth, I had a distinct advantage in our discourse because I had studied his demeanor prior to this meeting, but I wished not to resort to any underhanded methods to achieve my objective.
“Maybe it would help if I introduced myself,” I then suggested. At the very least, I hoped to espy some relevant humanity in his mannerisms. Rather than further monitor the dour clerk’s reaction, I simply stated my name and let him ponder what he preferred, which of course was nothing. Bartleby the scrivener was a predominantly unscripted soul, a page yet to be scrawled with legible words. Or maybe it was more accurate to label him as one whose identity had been entirely erased from the journal of life. Either way, he wasn’t resigned to let me infiltrate the fortress in which he so methodically insulated his thoughts.
“I think we both already know that it’s senseless for me to stand here and try to convince you to have a conversation,” I acknowledged. Unsurprisingly, Bartleby treated my words in the same lackluster manner as he did everything else. Only my prior familiarity of his mulish habits prevented an outburst from me now.
“I’m not here to change you,” I told him without visible pretense.
“Since it’s my preference not to change, I’m glad to hear of it,” he replied, sternly maintaining his outlook.
“But the purpose of my being here today does involve you,” I added. If my abrupt confession affected his dreary temperament, I failed to glimpse it. My words weren’t completely candid, however, since I couldn’t really abandon this man’s plight so impulsively. Yet through the mechanisms of comprehending his problems, perhaps I was primed to examine my own miscalculations of judgment.
“I know that every man believes that he has a story worth telling,” I continued, while being unprovoked to enunciate my opinions. “I won’t judge you on how you conduct yourself, Bartleby, but sometimes you meet people who offer good advice. When someone does this, you should at least have the courtesy to listen.”
“I would prefer not to listen.”
“Life might not go well for you if you continue to reject all the information that comes your way.”
My backhanded caveat did nothing to alter the scrivener’s mindset. Strangely, the longer I remained in his company, the more adamant I became at uncovering the source of his lethargy. In order to validate my persistence, I grabbed the nearest chair and positioned it beside Bartleby’s desk. After I sat down, I enlaced my fingers and leaned back in the seat, mimicking his posture as closely as possible. His pokerfaced expression still hadn’t changed. Despite his snub, I proceeded with this thus far one-sided dialogue.
“You may not believe me, but I know what you’re going through,” I told him. “What if I admitted to you that I also struggle with feelings of futility? I suppose most men have unrealized dreams, so if you think about it, we’re not so very different.”
“I would prefer not to compare myself to you,” he replied in monotone.
The clerk’s vapid gaze provided me with little hope that I had the intellectual prowess to modify his ennui. I couldn’t deny an impulsive urge to grapple this listless ingrate by his shoulders and jostle some much-needed vigor into body. What was it about Bartleby that filled me with such spontaneous rancor? Was it merely the resemblance of myself through his jadedness that triggered this hostility? In order to maintain a measure of civility to our discourse, however, I avoided any brusque tactics.
“Nobody around here knows who you are,” I specified, “and you’ve exhausted your capabilities to keep it that way.”
“I would prefer not to disclose personal information,” he said.
“That’s reasonable. But how do you justify your refusal of everything asked of you? It’s not an exaggeration to suggest that you’ve gone out of your way to detach yourself from your surroundings.”
“I prefer not to speculate on the matter.”
“Your boss has tried in vain to understand your bitterness. In fact, I’d say you’re squandering the last chance to improve your life.”
After my grim prediction failed to persuade any detectable response from the scrivener, I resorted to an introspective strategy. “You know, there are moments in my own life where I want to lock the world out, too. When a man’s not happy with his position in society, he has a tendency to dwell on his shortcomings.”
This ever-inflexible copyist still refused to grant any compassion or interest toward my confession. I realized that I needed to gain his confidence by imparting information that he had intentionally hidden from everyone.
“Before you came to this law office,” I said, “your place of employment was in Washington.”
At last, the clerk reacted to my words. His spindly eyebrows twitched unevenly, before ascending his forehead like a pair of cobras charmed from a basket. It was a subtle expression of inquisitiveness on his behalf, but a tangible response nonetheless.
“Apparently, the office of dead letters no longer required your services,” I continued. “I can imagine how isolated and depressed you must’ve felt while holding down a job like that.”
The scrivener remained mute as I pondered the impact of my observation and how such mundane errands influenced my own existence as well. I then evoked thoughts of how I spent most of my time over the years. I certainly devoted a vast portion of my life to writing, and now I often wondered why these efforts hadn’t generated any more attention than the letters once handled by bleak-minded Bartleby. In a sense, I had contributed to the dead letters of the world, and this seemed like the most humbling aspect to our meeting.
If I expected to conjure any compassion from the clerk by bending his ear with tales of my own misgivings, then I was truly unwise. Bartleby resumed in his silent rejection, while continuing to fixate on the blanched wall as if never expecting anything fascinating to occur outside the frame of his eye sockets.
“Maybe I’ve said too much already,” I contended. “I know what it’s like to have a voice unheard. But it’s too easy to give up. I feel that you already have.”
Bartleby fidgeted in his chair as if he perched upon a tack. Then, unexpectedly, the scrivener’s gray eyes shifted to the sweet cake I had placed on his desk a few minutes earlier. His intertwined fingers twitched spasmodically, almost as if he briefly contemplated an idea of accepting the offering. Obviously, this was a pivotal struggle against his stubbornness. I watched Bartleby’s crooked fingers clutch the ginger nut as if it was just drawn from a hot oven. In this instance, I fully believed that the clerk wanted to defy his own nature and finally prefer to do something asked of him.
“Go on,” I goaded the sheepish clerk. “Take it.”
This contest of willpower went on for several seconds, but much to my dismay, Bartleby eventually withdrew his hand minus the sweet cake. He then knotted his fingers insolently and focused on a void somewhere behind his eyelids. The scrivener’s refusal unnerved me because I already knew that he had primarily snacked on these treats prior to my visitation. But alas, I was the one who ultimately put the sweet cake back into my own pocket.
“I would prefer not to eat it at this time,” he said.
“If not this time, then when would it be agreeable to you?”
“I would prefer not to commit to a time.”
“But why, Bartleby?”
“I would prefer not to answer any further questions.”
By now, I had thoroughly exhausted my efforts to extract something constructive from this feeble man. What else could be done to oppose such a sorrowful disposition? Perhaps he was as utterly lost to this world as the unopened letters of his former occupation. Bartleby had apparently already decided to die with a disheartened belief that his existence was inconsequential. Unquestionably, his fear of rejection only hastened his demise.
As I stood up from the chair, I took a moment to compose my thoughts. Bartleby continued to concentrate on the space of nothingness set before his eyes. Any semblance of emotion had withered from his expression long before my arrival. Those who observed me leaving this office on Wall Street might’ve guessed that I had failed in my endeavor to transform the melancholy scrivener into something other than what he wanted to become. I supposed that even the most competent teachers from this time until my own toiled with that embedded truth on a regular basis.



Chapter 5

5:57 A.M.


When I first reawakened from my state of unconsciousness, I noticed the willow tree’s leaves flickering sporadically with raindrops. Lake Endelman’s surface rippled with pellets of water, too. Amazingly, the meteorologists had accurately forecast the course of this soggy morning. Storm clouds unfurled from beyond the western hills and leaned like a leaden wave over Willows Edge. The few traces of sunlight initially apparent in this morning’s sky were now totally engulfed in a silver sheath. Adding to my discontent, not much improvement in the weather was expected for the remainder of this day.
Several seconds elapsed before I realized that I was still sprawled out on the rock, only considerably wetter than I was before succumbing to my chronic illness. Jolly’s bark startled me, but she hadn’t strayed too far from where I last remembered seeing her. I immediately checked my watch to determine how much time had passed since I slipped under the influence of this episode. I estimated the lost time at three minutes in duration, which had become typical at this phase in my sickness. At present, I had no infallible tactic to predict when I’d submit to the next occurrence. But obvious symptoms cropped up at regular intervals. Profuse sweating and a headache usually indicated the first signs. But lately, a dull ringing inside my eardrums often caused me to become unbalanced in the seconds before I surrendered consciousness.
On this occasion, it took me at least two minutes to regain my stance beside the rock. Fortunately, my four-legged companion provided all the guidance needed to lead me safely out of the thicket. While retracing my footsteps along the trail toward my home, I wondered how much longer I could’ve kept this malady secret from those whom I worked beside. Trying to explain this uncanny condition to my wife was one problem, but those in charge at my school might’ve been skeptical of my ability to teach effectively if they suspected that a disease compromised my mind. For now, I deemed it wisest to conceal my ailment from them for as long as manageable.
After emerging from the woods, I realized that Jolly must have followed the scenic trail back to the house. Because most of the walking paths intersected anyway, this was not an uncommon error even for someone as familiar with these surroundings as me. Due to the rain, it was a minor inconvenience on this outing, but in actuality I was still only a few hundred feet up the street from my driveway on Overlook Avenue. Since the inclement weather kept most of the early morning joggers tethered to their treadmills, I didn’t plan on interacting with anyone. Of course, I neglected to remember that one antiquated fixture in my neighborhood rarely missed the occasion of a predawn stroll no matter what havoc Mother Nature had simmering in the atmosphere.
Cora Hart hobbled down the sidewalk toward me with her two ivory-pelted Pomeranians in tow. Even on sunny days I never bumped into this elderly woman without seeing her swathed in long coal-colored raincoat and umbrella. Currently, there was no other resident in Willows Edge who had expended more hours patrolling the neighborhood than she. Her dedication to preserving the streets’ homey repute had increased substantially since her husband’s death three years ago. It was no exaggeration to suggest that I had known this woman my entire life. At an earlier time, I remembered her providing my own mother with an inspiration for joining the church and becoming an advocate for what she decreed as a voice of “grace and benevolence.”
Naturally, as a youngster I sought no part of her pontifications on religion. As I grew older, my rejection for her pulpit-pounding prattle had only escalated. I didn’t dislike the woman as much as her rhetoric that criticized those who refused to follow her pedantic beliefs. In fairness, she wasn’t wholly repugnant, and she managed to recruit other “astray souls” who seemed overdue for divine intervention. In truth, there were few people in town who didn’t acknowledge her as a pious icon in this community. I simply couldn’t feign my gratitude toward her preaching for more than a few minutes per month. Until recently, she had made it her personal campaign to lure my wife and I into the church’s pews on Sunday mornings.
After the beam of Cora Hart’s flashlight illuminated my footsteps, I knew it was too late for me to retreat into the shadows. Upon seeing me, her pure white dogs yapped like defective toys, and I believed Jolly harbored a furtive fetish to munch on these bantam-sized fur balls if afforded a genuine chance. I grasped my dog’s leash taunt after it became apparent that Cora had more time to fritter away this morning than I did. She must have already recognized my disheveled appearance. By this moment, the woman had lived at least eighty-five years, and for each one of those calendar months gone by, a portion of her skin creased in a spherical pattern down her narrow face. Her vigilant eyes punctured this morning’s grayness like dollops of fire upon the altar. As always, she styled her wool-white hair in a chignon, and talked out of the right half of her lopsided mouth.
“Good morning to you, Corbin,” she said, but her tone was more scrutinizing than an authentic salutation. I nodded respectfully, but then became distracted by Jolly’s bid to tug within striking range of the hyperactive Pomeranians.
“Morning, Mrs. Hart,” I replied, while trying with modest success to keep Jolly under control. “I guess my dog doesn’t take kindly to your little companions.”
Cora then yanked on her Pomeranians’ restraints, inducing them to sit at each side of her legs like two clumps of limestone.
“It’s all a matter of discipline,” she said, eyeing my dog as if the animal had no more right to occupy this space than a heretic. She then reminded me why I had purposely avoided her company whenever conceivable. “A poorly managed pet isn’t so much of a reflection upon the animal as it is its owner.”
“I’ll make a mental note of that,” I murmured. It probably wasn’t worth depleting my oxygen to challenge Cora’s didactic tendencies, even through hints of sarcasm. The old woman appeared rightly situated beneath a halo of light borrowed from nothing more miraculous than a streetlamp. I hoped the brevity of my greeting encouraged her to sally forth in prey of a more acquiescent subject, but Puritans were less resolute than this lady. Since she ignored my social front, I resorted to banal matters.
“It’s a bit early to be out in the rain, wouldn’t you agree, Mrs. Hart?”
Cora pulled back her coat’s sleeve and glanced at a platinum wristwatch. “It’s 6:07,” she indicated with the punctuality of a schoolmarm. “I’ve never been one to let a stretch of damp weather disrupt my schedule.”
I continued to soothe my dog’s temperament by scratching her behind her ears with my fingers. Jolly eventually squatted beside me, briefly mimicking the behavior of Cora’s Pomeranians. Surprisingly, the white dogs appeared unnerved by Jolly’s sudden submissiveness. They jumped from their stationary positions as if coaxed by an unseen provoker.
“That’ll be quite enough!” she exclaimed. She vigorously yanked both leashes again, this time nearly choking the exuberant pups. Despite the dogs’ bantam sizes, they barked as ferociously as if they were leviathans from the deep. Cora then hollered her dogs’ names loudly enough to cause a neighboring house’s porch light to flick on. “Typee and Omoo, stop this nonsense at once!”
The dogs obeyed her command, of course, and I sensed that few had ever defied such an imposing tone. However, I decided to use this setback in her dominance by excusing myself from the situation. But Cora didn’t have any intention of granting me a pardon from her criticisms.
“I haven’t had the pleasure of greeting you or your wife in church recently,” she simpered, now fully satisfied by her maneuvering.
“We’ve been really busy lately,” I fibbed.
“Too busy for the Lord?” she scowled. “Come Judgment Day, Corbin, let us pray that He doesn’t show you a similar lack of reverence.”
What could I possibly offer as a rebuttal to a woman who had spent the superior portion of the last century rehearsing for the afterlife? Of all the residents presently residing in Willows Edge, I suspected that Cora’s ticket to Heaven’s Gate would’ve received primary validation. But even with this impervious shell of wholesomeness serving as her spiritual indemnity, I suspected she had motives of a less genuine caliber brewing beneath her spooled crown of colorless hair.
“If your mother was still with us today,” she continued, “it wouldn’t be inaccurate to say that she’d be duly saddened by your indifference to all things holy.”
Again, the old lady’s observation had a stinging merit to it that I didn’t intend to refute. Besides, I had already acknowledged my apathy toward organized religion to Cora in the past, and she still harped on it whenever I strayed within her path.
“Let’s not get into this discussion again,” I suggested, even temperedly. “I’m running late as it is.”
“It serves me no benefit to remind you of your obligation to our community’s church,” she rebuked. “But far be it from me to keep a man secured from his sins, as venial as they may be. I suppose an expectation for my neighbor’s salvation is far too inconvenient to lobby for anyway.”
“On this morning, maybe you’re right.”
Perhaps I sounded a bit more condescending than I hoped, but subtly wasn’t a suit I wore well. Even after my blatant display of rudeness, Cora remained fastened to the sidewalk as if buckets of cement poured over her rubber boots. It seemed obvious that our conversation wouldn’t come to an end until Cora discovered something else to occupy her morning routine. I still tried to wriggle out of her ceremonious clutches by resorting to an overused excuse.
“I wish I had more time, Mrs. Hart, but it’s Thursday. My duties at the high school await.”
“Of that I’m sure,” she scoffed. “Let’s hope for the children’s sake that you place more emphasis on education than you do toward the Sabbath.”
Cora seemed momentarily resigned to letting me escape a longwinded sermon, and I was at least grateful for this courtesy. But I should’ve suspected that she had an insatiable urge to depart on her terms rather than my own.
Before I paced out of earshot, she spoke again in a voice peppered with suspicion. “You did say it was Thursday, didn’t you, Corbin?”
I nodded submissively, but my gesture didn’t erase a quizzical expression from Cora’s countenance. “I was planning on dropping off some brochures at your house later this morning,” she went on. “And if I’m not mistaken, your wife is home today, isn’t she?”
“Yes,” I replied. “Rachel works out of our house two days a week.”
“Of course she does,” said Cora, glibly. “Tuesdays and Thursdays, correct?”
“That’s right.”
The old woman’s inquiry almost sounded innocuous, but there was an impish pitch woven between her syllables. I prompted her to divulge more. “Feel free to stop by anytime. I’m sure Rachel wouldn’t mind taking a look at whatever you’re peddling.”
I figured my curt invitation would’ve squelched the anxiety oozing from Cora’s face, but she still appeared out of sorts. Despite Jolly’s insistence to lug me up the sidewalk, I paused to monitor her reaction.
“Is there something else on your mind?” I asked.
“There’s always something else. If I recall, I think you told me your wife sells real estate. Isn’t that true?”
Unlike some oldsters tottering aimlessly throughout the neighborhood, Cora’s memory remained as keen as it was thirty years ago. She hardly required any verification from me of the statements she posed as questions.
Cora resumed her craftily coated lecture by saying, “Your wife must be doing quite well for herself these days. In fact, there’s not a Tuesday or Thursday morning of any week that I haven’t witnessed a gentleman coming out of your home.”
If the old woman had it in her mind to stall me further, she succeeded. I now tugged deliberately on Jolly’s leash as I pivoted back towards Cora. Her white dogs barked and snarled at my sudden intrusion. While it was not unusual for Rachel to entertain potential clients from our home, Cora’s observation certainly merited additional questioning.
“Did you say a gentleman?” I asked.
“I did indeed. It’s strange that this same fellow arrives every Tuesday and Thursday at 7:35 A.M. If I had an inclination to do so, I’d set my watch by him.” Cora then glanced at her wristwatch and remarked, “I’d say that he arrives within an hour after you leave for work, give or take a tick or tock.”
“You mean it’s the same guy at the house two days every week?”
Cora nodded her jutting chin and watched me with eyes that deciphered my sorrow better than I presently realized. “I’m sure it’s not what it seems,” she continued, baiting me with every word. “I originally presumed you were selling your home, but then after not seeing a listing for several weeks, I had second thoughts.”
“So how long has this man been stopping over my house?”
“Oh, I can’t say for sure. You know me, Corbin, I’m much too preoccupied preaching the Lord’s message to notice such minute details.”
I ignored Cora’s sarcastic bid to remain aloof to the circumstances. “Would you guess six or seven times? Fewer or more?”
“If I was the type of neighbor to calculate such events, I’d say closer to fifteen,” she answered as if the number was already indelibly stitched in the fabric of her mind.
“That’s over seven weeks,” I deliberated aloud. “Almost two months.”
“Although I’m not knowledgeable to the timeframe of residential real estate transactions, that sounds about accurate.”
“And you’re absolutely certain it’s the same man every time?”
Cora motioned to her eyes with one hand, reminding me that no eyeglasses framed her face. “The years have been kind to my vision. Not that I’m prone to notice such things, but he’s a particularly handsome man, too. Well groomed and apparently accustomed to the finer possessions in life.”
“How do you know that?”
“Have you ever met a man driving a Lexus who hasn’t acquired some financial prominence for himself?”
“You’ve seen his car?”
“He parks the vehicle in your driveway as if he has ownership to it.”
“What color is it?”
“Silver, perhaps gray,” she responded without hesitation.
“And you’re sure it’s a Lexus?”
“Quite sure.”
Cora’s attention to anything outside the framework of her own household was rarely fallible. In this case, I wanted to cross-examine her until I found a defect in her observances, but she remained remarkably consistent in her delivery.
“You’ve actually seen this man enter my house on each occasion?” I persisted.
“Business of this nature is rarely conducted on the street, is it, Corbin?”
“I suppose not. Do you recognize this guy from our neighborhood?”
Cora’s facial muscles didn’t twitch when she responded. “I’d rather not speculate on his identity right now.”
My posture suddenly slumped as if I had absorbed a punch in the stomach from this wily old lady. While I buckled in Cora’s presence, I didn’t know whether to thank or curse her for the information she imparted. At this point, she now assumed the role of one who had more significant affairs to attend.
“If you feel it’s necessary, Corbin, I’m sure we can talk further about this over brunch on Sunday after services.”
“I’ll think about it,” I muttered.
“Yes,” she chimed with the fluency of a well-spoken clergyman. “I’ll look forward to seeing you and your wife in the pews. Under the circumstances, I can’t recommend a more appropriate rendezvous.”
Cora Hart left me staggering in the darkness, seemingly unfazed by the cruel impalement she just administered. After a few moments I recomposed myself and debated what was told to me. For now, the best possible action was to at least attempt to justify another man’s frequent visitations to my house. Was he truly just my wife’s client? Naturally, I wanted to suspend judgment until speaking directly to her about this matter, but then I recognized the futility of such a strategy. Candid discourse didn’t bode well in the current crisis of our relationship. If given a chance to finagle a credible excuse, I’m sure Rachel had the skill and alacrity to manufacture one. I simply needed to scour my own observations before insisting upon any clarification from her.
Before approaching my driveway with Jolly at my side, I was forced to contemplate the most humiliating of all possible scenarios. Cora’s description of the man’s vehicle left little flexibility in this regard. To date, I knew only one person who owned a silver Lexus. The fact that Rachel was also acquainted with this individual for as long as we were married added to my thought’s plausibility. A dilemma, of course, surfaced in the fact that the man in question also happened to be my best friend for the past thirty-five years. I’m sure Cora must’ve recognized Leon Chase from the numerous occasions he visited my home while I was also in company. She had known us both since we were children.
Leon Chase certainly possessed an abundance of wealth, comeliness, and charm to attract as many women as he desired. But he already had a lovely wife of his own and seemed content in his present situation. Over the years, Leon had made some rather prudent investments in the real estate market, which brought him the luxuries he pledged to obtain since we were youngsters. When he departed Willows Edge in quest of a more exclusive neighborhood in Ravendale Heights about ten summers ago, I figured he had finally outgrown our friendship’s convenience. This was purely an assumption on my part, however, because he never intended to abandon his roots. I had long since considered him the finest person I had ever known.
Of course, opinions of moral character sometimes changed direction more often than a moth in flight. If I accepted Cora Hart’s surveillances as foolproof, then I at least had to delve deeper into the true nature of my friendship with Leon Chase. I recalled a few of my most recent interactions with him, but couldn’t pinpoint any particular evidence that made me doubt his ulterior ambitions. Just three weeks ago, Leon and his wife Peggy joined my wife and I at a local pub called Rounders. In retrospect, I now recalled a fair amount of bantering between Rachel and him, but nothing inordinately flirtatious. Leon always enjoyed basking in the limelight at social affairs, which contributed to his likeability. I might’ve even extended an equal amount of playful mannerisms towards his wife, but nothing that transferred beyond the moment.
I kept rehearsing these scenarios in my mind as if a chamber within my brain was stuck on replay. Over the years I shared some of my most confidential regrets with Leon, including the recent hiccups within my marriage. Yet even while opening an avenue for him to relay similar friction in his relationship, Leon offered nothing in the way of strife. Much to the contrary, he seemed radiant and at ease in his relationship. His wife Peggy was attractive, and they already had one child who was not older than five. Of all the married couples I had known throughout the years, I presumed Leon and Peggy were marginally the most content. Yet the frequency of his vehicle in my driveway while I was at work couldn’t be overlooked. Obviously, there was something secretive in the mix, or Rachel would’ve mentioned the purpose of his company.
After returning to my house, I tended to Jolly’s needs in the kitchen. While the dog gulped down her morning meal from a bowl in the washroom, I made an excuse to venture upstairs. After all, my earlier episode had caused a few obvious stains on the backside of my shirt and slacks. A change of clothes was in order, and I might’ve even discovered Rachel lying awake in bed. Halfway up the staircase I paused to reflect upon a reoccurring thought. The melody of Rachel’s cell-phone reverberated within my mind. Who called her earlier this morning? It was Thursday, of course, and I was almost reluctant to dwell on my suspicions. In the days before cell-phones, whenever a telephone rang too early or too late, it was rarely a good message. Technology may have altered the form in the way such news was delivered, but human nature maintained its stealthy habits throughout the years. 
I walked gingerly toward the master bedroom, stepping toe-to-heel in a bid to cushion the impact of my weight on the hardwood floors. From outside the bedroom, I put my ear to a half-opened door and listened, hoping not to detect the whispery intonations of deceitfulness. At the moment, Rachel slept. I heard her breathing as peacefully as an affluent child reposed in her surroundings. She typically placed her cell-phone on a nightstand beside our bed. I suddenly planned to do what I had never done before. An option of checking her phone’s messages seemed like a rudimentary method in the handling this dilemma, but short of an accusatory exchange of words, I had no other recourse.
I moved like an extended shadow toward my target on the nightstand, using only the slivers of daybreak from a window as guidance. Since Rachel was an incredibly light sleeper, a single misstep would’ve undone my maneuvering. But before completing a deed that no dignified man would’ve ever proudly owned, I stopped and studied a beatific portrait framed in white linen within the bed. Here was a face virtually untouched by time, a visage of femininity at its finest and most alluring. This was Rachel, the woman whom I still loved as intensely as the day we wed. It sickened my body with a poison as potent as any viper to suspect that her feelings for me had vanished.
What safeguard did any marriage really hold against a prospect of temptation? We were all so vulnerable. In a moment such as this, a man might’ve questioned his masculinity, perhaps looking too introspectively at himself to unravel the frayed threads of infidelity. The answer, of course, was seldom linked to one imperfect circumstance. A compilation of gaffes and self-contentment steered us to this shame. In the end, who was more at fault: the deceived or the deceiver? Despite my urge to inspect her phone and violate a trust that the guilty often relied upon as a blockade, I couldn’t do it—not now, not while staring at her sleeping body. Maybe I was just simply too afraid or mortified to view her in any other form than what my imagination had preserved.
I then redirected my footsteps away from the bed, disregarding an impulse to discover what every betrayed spouse must eventually endure. For now, though, I had a mightier opponent to wrestle. What typically lured a married woman into another man’s bed? Was it the unbridled exhilaration of lust? Was it the concoction of romance and affection no longer traceable in her husband’s touch? Was it an intoxicating promise of material wealth and travel? Was it the giddiness of simplified love? Perhaps it was all of these, or none. Surely, a woman who toured in such wily ways rarely revealed the source of her misconduct until the journey was over.
In spite of my stubbornness to change into something more than what I had become, I realized Rachel desired a lifestyle dissimilar from the one that once made her feel secure with me. Leon Chase certainly possessed the means to rescue my wife from her current situation. He was always a very different man from me, but I often attributed our friendship’s longevity to this contrasting take on life. Leon was completely comfortable commingling with city folk as much as he was in his suburban hideaway. Unlike me, he had no qualms of bolting from Willows Edge’s bucolic boundaries. Although Rachel hardly mentioned her feelings in this regard, I sensed a bitter rift separating us as a result of my shortsightedness.
I might’ve stood in my bedroom’s corner another hour pondering the misgivings that shredded the fabric of even the tautest of hearts, but to what end? I didn’t want to rouse my wife from her sleep and hurl half-formed allegations at her like stones. For now, the agony of knowing too much belonged to me. When the evidence and time proved compelling, I’d eliminate any chance of denial on her part. With this thought in mind, I crossed the bedroom floor and entered an adjacent bathroom. A grim reflection greeted me in the vanity. I flipped a switch on the cabinetry to illuminate my fatigued features in the mirror.
If there was ever a boyish glint buried somewhere beneath my sagging brow, I couldn’t perceive it any longer. I wore anguish like a latex mask, and it shaded me from all that I once overtly revealed. My olive-colored eyes appeared glazed by uncertainty and a dearth of fulfillment. I, like so many others, was just a slump-shouldered, middle-aged man plodding through the days’ mundane agenda. If I sought more for myself, I suddenly lost the insight on precisely how to achieve it. The dreamer in me had gradually grown comatose. It’s difficult to stand before a mirror and admit that the fruitful years of my life were simply misspent on foolish enterprises. I had no visible enemies to blame for the general apathy I felt for most things. If a disease raged within my body, I wondered why it just didn’t act upon its instinct and destroy what remained of me.
Perspiration soon lathered my forehead and cheeks as I continued to scrutinize my appearance. I anticipated another episode about to disrupt this portion of my morning. I splashed cool water on my face and neck in a futile attempt to delay the onset of this spell. Before a few additional seconds passed, I sensed my peripheral vision narrowing to the frame of glass set before my eyes. Once again I drifted away from the confinement of my own reality.



Chapter 6

6:17 A.M.


Sunlight splayed a ribbon of light across the pasture I now traversed. My travels brought me deep into a flower-speckled terrain that appeared untouched by man’s progression. Beyond the farthest point of my inspection I noticed a mist flanking the horizon like a colorless cloak wavering in the winds. Before long, between the folds of two adjoining hillsides, I captured a glimpse of a castle’s limestone turrets erected like a monument against a violet sky. I counted at least six conical shaped spires, presumably lacquered in silver at each peak. Even at a range of what I surmised as at least five miles from where I trod, this kingdom’s opulence was undisputable. I briefly wondered what fabled ruler claimed sovereignty over such a surreal domain.
Yet the course of my journey didn’t direct me toward this medieval fortress. Instead, I stayed on a forested pathway edged with a grove of apple trees on either side. These trees’ aromatic blossoms scattered in the breeze like clumps of flattened hailstones. Eventually, I discovered that this trail yielded to an ancient forest’s foundation. I passed between leaning walls of oaken giants, each mantled with moss as dense as turf. This crude road ultimately unwound into a glade of unrivaled quietude. At present, I didn’t yet know what or whom I scouted for, but the purpose of my excursion seemed close at hand.
I ultimately found my way to a bluff within the clearing and settled down for a respite. Then, unexpectedly, my eyes connected with a yet another magnificent vision. A fully armored horse cast a metallic glare upon the landscape twenty paces from where I reclined in the grass. This warhorse occupied its time by feasting on felled apples dotting the grasslands. Such an impressive steed couldn’t have been tamed by anyone of meager status. Its cinnamon-colored hide shimmered beneath tepid bands of sunlight. My inquisitive nature impelled me to move closer to the four-legged creature. Remarkably, it wasn’t even startled by my approach. I initially assumed that its owner must have met a sad demise on a foreign campaign. Why else would he leave such an elegant animal unguarded in this meadow?
I soon discerned that the destrier’s rider had not strayed too far away after all. The landscape dipped toward a diamond-shaped pool of water that reflected the sky’s brilliancy. Beside this lake, a knight fully adorned in polished armor surveyed the environs. This man had an impressive physique. He looked as though he stepped directly from the pages of a fairytale. Since predicting his temperament was unfeasible, I moved cautiously into view so that he didn’t mistake my approach as an ambush.
His suit’s metal breastplate gleamed like burnished silver in the sunlight. Although he wore a helmet, its beaver was lifted so that his stoic features remained unobstructed. This was a man whose valor shone on his skin almost as vividly as the gear covering his body. I presumed that no one had ever branded him as anything but handsome. A square jaw and firm brow provided just enough menace to keep any upstart conquerors at bay. Cords of velvety raven hair encircled a face that appeared chiseled from alabaster. His eyes were as blue as robin eggs and he studied me with a scrutiny I no doubt merited. In one hand he brandished a majestic shield with a family crest emblazoned at its center, and in the other an unsheathed sword of incomparable craftsmanship.
I suspected that my abrupt emergence must have disturbed his solitude, but I also sensed that this knight expected company other than me.
“Forgive my trespass,” I declared, holding out my empty hands to show that I wielded no weapon to wage combat. “I must have lost my way within this grove. Do you know where we are?” Given the situation, as this knight understood it, my question must’ve sounded absurd. As a matter of intimidation, which I believed was customary for men of this ilk, the knight swung his sword as if it had no more weight than a falcon’s feather. His weapon’s tempered blade reflected prisms of sunlight as he crouched into a defensive stance.
“Yield, I sayeth,” the knight commanded. When his robust voice rose to the sky, a string of sparrows took flight from a neighboring grove. The fluidity of his movement verified his post as a weathered warrior to this habitat. I halted my progress entirely to demonstrate the respect he undoubtedly warranted on a regular basis.
“I am unarmed,” I informed the knight as if his eyes weren’t keenly designed to perceive his advantage.
“Thou art a stranger to this field?” he questioned.
“True, but a peaceful stranger.”
“Pray pardon, what is thy purpose on my liege and lord’s land?”
“I don’t know yet,” I replied. The knight now stood close enough to slice me in half with his sword if he so desired. But as long as I remained passive, I assumed he wouldn’t exercise his instinct to attack.
“Is this more of Merlin’s trickery?” he whispered, while lowering his sword to inspect my expression for any trace of deceit.
I assumed this brilliant knight referred to the renowned wizard from Arthurian legend. At least I now had a better understanding of the timeframe of my present environment. He continued to inspect me as if I had materialized from a territory unknown to his world, which if true, showed remarkable prescience on his behalf.
“Thou vestments art strange to this land,” he observed. “From what kingdom do thee cometh?”
“I have no kingdom,” I said. “I only wish to know where I am.”
“Verily, thou dost not knowst?”
“As I told you, I’m lost.”
The knight’s brow knotted with incredulity, but he responded as though I might be awed by his next proclamation. His boast sounded somewhat rehearsed, too. 
“Thou now occupy the grandest of all dominions far or near,” he avowed. I then watched him motion to the castle’s colossal outline between the distant hillsides. “All ye who pass hither swoon in the shadow of Camelot.”
Obviously, I hadn’t yet lost my balance, but my impression of this destination multiplied twofold with his clarification. The knight scanned the fields on all sides of me as if I had an army of toady men covertly stationed nearby.
“Thou hast openly trespassed upon this greenery,” he said. “Who else is in company with thee?”
“I travel alone. I wish to offend no one, especially a knight who carries such a vibrant sword as you, sir.”
“What is thy name, old traveler?”
Old? I hardly thought of myself as such, but in this knight’s world I suspected that most men had not raised a toast beyond their fortieth birthday. I told him my name and then waited patiently for him to return the courtesy. When he remained mute, I resorted to a more direct approach.
“May I be so bold to ask your name, sir?”
The proud knight scowled at my ignorance, as if I should’ve surmised his identity as readily as the colors of the field and sky. Before answering me, he puffed out his chest like a mechanical robot and tilted his cleft chin toward the cumulus clouds.
“Thou art truly misguided,” he said. “I am the son of King Ban of Benwick, celebrated throughout this region as Sir Lancelot of the Lake.”
As I hoped and suspected, the finest of King Arthur’s knights stood before me. Out of deference, which may have already come too late as far as this legend was concerned, I bowed to one knee.
“Forgive my ignorance, Sir Lancelot. I’m humbled by your presence.”
“Then thou can’t be as foreign to this land as thy words first revealed.”
“Only a fool would be unaware of your reputation, sir. From what I have thus far observed, the rumors of your eminence haven’t been overstated.”
Apparently, flattery was something Lancelot expected rather than genuinely appreciated. While I stooped before the illustrious knight, he extended his sword beneath my chin. I gathered medieval protocol dictated that I purse my lips upon this shining blade, but I froze as if such an action was superfluous.
“Is this impudent mockery?” Lancelot asked, offended by my hesitation.
“I don’t know what you want me to do,” I said.
Lancelot drew back his sword and returned it to its sheath at his hip. “Thy lack of respect gives me pause,” he said. “Yet I espy thee as no worthy opponent. I shall permit thy passage through my lord’s meadow, but don’t delay to act upon this favor. It shan’t be twice granted.”
The gracious Lancelot certainly demonstrated a virtuous quality by bestowing benevolence toward a stranger. But before departing his company, I realized that I had already reached my destination. King Arthur’s most acclaimed attendant of the Round Table was the man I sought. The landscape’s splendid condition verified that I hadn’t arrived too late to rescue this mythical hero from his most insidious enemy, although he might’ve already committed himself to something that few men, no matter how noble, effectively resisted.
“Before I leave,” I announced with a veiled courageousness. “Though I have traveled a great many miles aimlessly, I now know that it’s you who I’ve come to see, Sir Lancelot. I ask only for a few minutes of your time.”
Lancelot chortled at my audacity, at least revealing that he hadn’t completely abandoned a softer range of emotions. “Thou art lost in thy mind to think I’d exhaust anymore of myself to this conversation. Be gone, Corbin Cobbs, and let thy footsteps find safer pathways to tread henceforth.”
My stubbornness to heed Lancelot’s instruction shocked me almost as thoroughly as it had him. “I’m here as a friendly courier,” I affirmed. “And in this deed I can offer you advice on sordid events that may be evaded.”
Lancelot stepped closer to me, narrowing his vigilant eyes as he secured his gauntlets at both wrists. He almost wielded his sword again.
“’Tis as I suspected,” he murmured. “Merlin hast sent thee to do his bidding. Tell me this to be so and I shall be merciful with thy life.”
“I’m not an errand boy for any sorcerer’s magic,” I answered. “I have neither potions nor amulets to forecast one way or another. I can only provide good judgment. Take it for what it’s worth.”
Lancelot’s pale blue eyes burrowed deeper into my own; I refused to flinch beneath his probing visage. “Thou dost not budge in the face of thy own demise,” the knight pondered. “For a traveler who bears no weapon, thou surely must display some mechanism of defense.”
“If you kill me before I’m permitted to appeal to your sensibilities, exalted knight, than nothing will be accomplished here today.”
“Thou art brash for a feeble man lacking nobility. At risk of earning my ire, what dost thou wish to convey?”
“With your kind permission, Sir Lancelot, I wish to speak without reproof.”
“Aye,” Lancelot sighed. “’Tis not oft I encounter a traveler who hast such scant regard for his own freedom or security. Label it valor or folly, I dost not knowst which, but go further with thy message, I prithee.”
Lancelot showcased his chivalrous training by escorting me to the highest bluff within this meadow. We now overlooked the vast River Astolat that was succored by three interlocking ponds descending from verdant slopes encircling it. I watched a wedge of swans meander leisurely through currents smoother than glass. A lavender mist swirled off the water’s surface like a brew from an enchantress’s cauldron. Beyond this, dominating the horizon, Arthur’s fabled fortress ballooned like a glistening mountain. Spires dipped in sunlight gloriously complemented its pearly façade. In the serenity of such a moment, I had almost forgotten my original intention.
“This may be the most wonderful place I’ve ever seen,” I remarked. “I’m sure people will speak of this kingdom long after its glory days are recorded in the pages of history.”
“The best dreamers ne’er imagined such splendor,” Lancelot confirmed.
“We’re all prone to dreams,” I noted. “Even the noblest among us yearn for what might be, isn’t that true, Sir?”
“’Tis natural to lend the mind’s eye to such fancy.”
“But unnatural to occupy one’s thoughts with seduction,” I returned. I expected Arthur’s chief knight’s face to recoil with perplexity. Of course, he didn’t appear nearly as obtuse as a legitimately stupefied man.
“What riddles dost thou espouse on ye travels?”
“I meant to speak plainly, Sir Lancelot. I then squinted my eyes to inspect the knight’s armor in the sunlight. Just above the elbow cap of Lancelot’s left forearm, I noticed a purple sash knotted in place. “I now understand what has brought you to this meadow. It is a knight’s sleeve that reveals where his true heart lies. But I’m here to remind you that treacherous deeds breed contempt.”
Lancelot glanced at where my eyes now focused. If he had any aim to deny my allegations, then I provided him with an opportunity to do so. Instead, the man resorted to humility, as any proper knight would have employed.
“How dost thou perceive my desires with such accuracy?”
“I can’t explain how I know what I do,” I responded. “But be satisfied to understand that King Leodegrance’s daughter and the present queen to your ruler will not resist a temptation to lie with you.”
“Thy words art treasonous. Art thou equipped to champion such a claim?”
“We both know that I am not.”
“Then thou shan’t receive charity from me.”
Lancelot pulled forth his sword from its cover once again; this time he wagged the weapon above his head as if to dice me on the spot where I stood. Yet I still didn’t bat an eyelid to this apparent threat, for both of us already knew that no knight was able to slay another man who was true with his words. His eyes reddened like hot coals, but the sword remained suspended in his quivering hands.
“What sort of devilry dost thou deliver onto my ears? How art thou acquainted with the Lady Guinevere?”
“Be certain, brave Lancelot, the Queen and I have never met, and I’m content to say that we never shall.”
This acknowledgement didn’t persuade Lancelot to turn a favor in my honor, but perhaps it reminded him that all misconduct, even the variety not yet borne, had a recognized impact upon his disposition. I then turned my face toward a zephyr sweeping across the western hills; this air was perfumed with lilacs and sage.
“She’ll be with you soon,” I uttered. “You know this as well as I do.”
“I’ll make no prediction regarding the lady’s arrival.”
I hoped to decipher regret or shame in Lancelot’s tone, but his voice remained as robust as a man who lived without a fear of consequence. By now, the knight had lowered his sword and looked at a section in the grassland where dandelion seeds drifted like snowflakes. I eventually reverted my attention to the sash fastened to his bicep.
“This plan is a perilous matter of the heart,” I admonished.
“Nay, ‘tis more a point of courtly love.”
“I needn’t remind you that the Knights of the Round Table still look to you as a leader, perhaps even more so than your king. And Arthur trusts you like a brother of his own blood. I can’t help but to wonder why you’d sacrifice all that stands in the balance for a woman that can never truly be your own.”
“Thy words sting like a hive of riled hornets.”
“Think of them as pricks of wisdom.”
Lancelot pivoted in his stance to inhale the fragrant wind. “Ye can’t fathom my love for the regal lady. The most stalwart men among us shan’t resist the spell of such a gracious love.”
“But the code of chivalry must forbid betrayal,” I needlessly reminded the noblest of knights. Lancelot bowed his head dishonorably while gazing at the lake.
“Aye,” he muttered. “Still the bee stings.”
Maybe I really never understood the intoxicating influence of undying love. To what lengths wouldn’t a man reach to hold onto the woman he most adored? I was almost afraid to present my next question.
“Does your love for the Lady Guinevere rival your allegiance to Arthur? Is it possible for true love to be so overwhelming?”
Lancelot delayed his response, presumably to ward off an ominous shadow lingering between his remembrances. “Life, and all the beauty that dost exist in this realm, seems hollow when absent of such pure sentiment,” he ultimately confessed.
“I’ve read that men from your age perceive true love as a sickness, tantamount to a disease of the mind. Is this your position, too?”
“Verily, but ‘tis a malady most cherished once contracted.”
“Is there nothing you can do to stop it?”
“Nay,” he replied solemnly. “The sole cure, as anyone so inflicted wouldst ratify, is a consummation of the desired love.”
“But even if that proposed lover is the wife of your dearest friend?”
“At its best and worst, love hast no conscience, old traveler.”
Lancelot then directed my attention to the lake where the white swans assembled in pairs to bask in the water’s sun-speckled currents. I soon recognized that the birds’ proximity to one another served as a reminder to the fallibility of our own kind.
“Thou canst learn much from ogling nature,” Lancelot sighed. “Swans show the most proper form of prettiness.”
“They are graceful,” I concurred.
“Aye, and yet their authentic beauty lies in commitment. Two swans, once joined, art not parted until death.”
“Mates for life.” I echoed Lancelot’s observation, and perhaps felt envious to a degree. “It’s humbling to know that we, as supposedly more refined creatures, are rivaled in our loyalty to one another by a species of bird.”
“’Tis a foul thought indeed,” quipped Lancelot. The knight’s tone became less jovial when he spoke again. “A man will gladly barter his soul to the Netherworld in exchange for a lady’s uninhibited devotion.”
“But do you think your love for Guinevere will proffer you more happiness than sorrow? Is an affair with the Queen worth the grandeur of Camelot?”
“One can’t be fairly measured against the other,” he answered.
“Then you’re already resigned to committing the deed.”
Lancelot directed his eyes so that they collided with mine like spears into flesh. With this stare alone, he dissected my soul in ways that I had never believed possible.
“Ye may stand as a harbinger to virtue,” he commented, “but I sense thou art a man who hast a troubled tale to tell of thy own.”
“I’m here only to learn from you, grand knight.”
“Yet a gloominess tarnishes thy brow as black as any plague.”
The legendary knight then positioned his sword’s blade so that my reflection cast in a ribbon of gleaming steel. In truth, I discerned the pitiful anguish as vividly as Lancelot. My eyes appeared glazed with a fog as dense as the mystical mist rising in front of Arthur’s castle.
“In matters of thy heart, thou hast more mending to undertake,” Lancelot inferred. “Return to ye land and acknowledge the lady who hast diseased thy mind. Promote fine words to her that belie thy callow nature.”
“I thought I was here to warn you about your propositions, Sir Lancelot?”
“As it shouldst be, we have each other to congratulate for wisdom. Thou art slow to see his bird fly from her nest. Even now, a suitor tempts thy wife like a quince and serpent once corrupted Eve’s judgment. Fly in good faith to her, Corbin Cobbs, and fare-thee-well.”
After I blinked my eyes again, the valiant knight vanished behind an opaque mist that permeated the meadow where I stood. By the time the low clouds wafted entirely across the lake, Sir Lancelot had retreated into the margins of my imagination. Only the white swans remained visible on the silvery water in King Arthur’s domain.



Chapter 7

6:20 A.M.


The haziness gradually lifted away, leaving me hunched in front of the bathroom vanity. A sound of cascading water splashed against the sink’s basin, but my trembling hands and face remained dry. I gradually raised my head parallel to the foggy mirror, ultimately swiping my palm across its surface to monitor my visage. I still looked dreadfully tired. No amount of sleep could’ve dissolved the plum-colored circles rimming my eyes. After a few seconds, I remembered that I needed another shirt, for the one I donned earlier was noticeably soiled.
I reentered the bedroom, keeping my eyes trained on the mattress where Rachel slept. She was still in the same prone position as when I last observed her, with her face half buried in an igloo of pillows. I once chuckled at her peculiar sleeping habits, but no longer. It’s sad how my wife’s idiosyncrasies, which I once found so innocent, now seemed tainted by suspicion. Did she have her cellular phone tucked beneath that makeshift shelter of downy fabric? At this point I didn’t know what portion of this alleged affair I detested more fervently—Rachel’s premeditated betrayal or Leon’s cardinal breach in our friendship.
Of course, the current plight within my marriage couldn’t be classified as unique, or even remotely fascinating. In the way of most acts of unfaithfulness, we were just another insipid statistic that was as ordinary as daylight fading into darkness. Even still, the initial shock of discovering infidelity was a wicked blow, and no one was fully braced for such an impact. But did I have the gall to rouse Rachel from her sleep and make such a sordid accusation? At present, my tangible proof was limited to an old woman’s testimony. Perhaps Cora Hart had only witnessed what resembled illicit behavior between my wife and Leon. What if Rachel hadn’t truly strayed? Maybe she had second thoughts on the matter. But the frequency of Leon’s car in my driveway hinted otherwise. Admittedly, common sense was the most resistant substance absorbed into the brain, but it often prompted irrefutable conclusions. A penalty for being wrong on this point, however, would’ve been as equally ruinous to our marriage. My information wasn’t yet reliable enough to jeopardize the speck of respect still lingering between us. I simply needed conclusive evidence before branding her as a cheater.
A second option seemed more permissible in my mind. Although I couldn’t boast to have a bevy of disposable friends, casting a flawed indictment against Leon proved less consequential to me. After all, even if I was playing the role of a jealous husband, he might’ve reacted sensibly under the circumstances. In hindsight, I should’ve safeguarded my wife from Leon’s charismatic tendencies. Unlike most talkers, he merited the social clout and bankroll to entice the feeble-hearted romantics among us. I foolishly embraced the notion that our friendship meant as much to him as it did to me.
During such times of personal scrutiny, it’s not uncommon for a man on the vulnerable side of an affair to recount his shortcomings. Had my own lack of enthusiasm and adventure unwittingly lured Rachel toward Leon’s magnetism? Unquestionably, he always had a white-knuckled grip on the reins guiding his life. People adored Leon for his poise, and exploited him for his money, but it never occurred to me that my wife had amorous designs for his courtship. The more I pondered it, the clearer my agony became.
No one sought to keep company with those who relied on complaints to disguise incompetence. Over the years, I had misdirected the blame for all that I failed to achieve. Until recently, I hadn’t grasped the concept that an incessant fear of rejection instigated most of my setbacks. This was most obvious in my interactions with potential book agents and publishers. Leon wasn’t the first man who informed me that I surrendered too easily when snagged by the clutches of conflict. It required patience and tenacity when presenting an idea to someone whose job was to filter through rubbish. Finding a decent manuscript was akin to unearthing a sapphire in a mountain of bluestone. Perhaps I approached the problems within my marriage with a similar shortage of grit. If this was so, how could I fault Rachel for falling prey to the infectious seductions of a man who rarely kicked his heels at the wagon of good fortune?
After returning to the kitchen and collapsing into a chair at the breakfast table, I was briefly distracted by Jolly’s tongue repetitively licking my palm. Maybe she liked the salty flavor of a nervous man’s flesh. I sat there for several minutes pining for some insight that would’ve granted me closure on this dilemma. All of the inevitable scenarios I concocted led to loneliness. Grave thoughts devoured my mind. As much as I tried to dispute the circumstances, my analytical nature disallowed any nonsensical conclusions.
Soon thereafter, a hellish energy invaded my body. I feverishly scanned the kitchen for anything out of sorts. I picked through the crammed contents of drawers and a line of cabinetry, mindfully searching for whatever seemed misplaced. Even Rachel might’ve been impressed with my vigilance in this regard, especially since she generally labeled me as aloof to all things that mattered. I’d at least prove her ignorant with that observation.
After rifling through the pantry with no more evidence collected than when I started, I noticed my wife’s leather handbag looped over the back of a chair in the kitchen. When scouring for clues, sometimes it’s efficient to first eliminate the most obvious places. In a traditional manner of interpretation, what I now contemplated was yet another violation of trust. Rummaging through her purse’s contents certainly was not one of my proudest endeavors, but only a man prone to idiocy rejected what was blatantly set before his eyes. Besides, as anyone who operated without secrecy understood, only those with covert agendas fortified their privacy from those closest to them.
My fingers fumbled over cosmetic cases, breath mints, and tube-ointments commonplace in a woman’s handbag, but I found nothing unordinary. I then proceeded to inspect the pouches within the purse, which contained a variety of credit cards and receipts. As my guilt intensified, I almost abandoned this quest, but not before examining a zipper case with some coinage and a few additional folded scraps of paper. I didn’t even know what I was hoping to find, but I knew my wife rarely discarded any receipts for her daily purchases, significant or trivial. Rachel was organized and methodical in almost every aspect of her life, which I deemed as an advantage in her bid to conceal any wrongdoing. But in this instance at least, her allegiance to detail provided an alternate source of proof to support my investigation.
I flipped through several pieces of valueless paper before stumbling upon a crisp receipt with a raspberry-colored stain blotched on its creased edge. The color reminded me of Rachel’s lipstick. While holding this single slip between my thumb and index finger, I sensed my hand quaking as if deprived of proper warmth. The anticipation of examining it was too gripping to ignore, but I nearly returned it to the purse without inspecting it at all. More than anything, if Rachel was culpable, I wanted her own conscience to compel her to confess the truth to me. Discovering a spouse’s affair in a clandestine pursuit was almost as demeaning as the act itself, but I had no other recourse. When clamped in the vise of deception, a man must at times resort to an instinctual urge for justice.
After I unfolded the receipt, my eyes immediately scanned the first line of blue ink. It read: “Starbucks.” This by itself was uneventful. Rachel often frequented this coffeehouse on her way back from the gym. Although I disliked most hot beverages, I accompanied her on occasion. Interestingly, I always ordered a diet soda, but this receipt showed no indication of such a sale. This order verified the purchase of two lattés, one regular-sized and another large. I examined the paper more intently to determine the date of this transaction. The receipt in hand was only two days old, printed on Tuesday at 8:34 A.M.
Matching the jagged pieces of this puzzle didn’t require a sleuth. Conversely, even an obtuse child could’ve handily reconstructed a fail-safe scenario. Rachel had either gone with or met someone at the local Starbucks. But was this likelihood synonymous with an act of adultery? My wife’s line of work often required her to interact with potential clients in agreeable settings. In fact, such exchanges were quite customary in the formalities of business. But the lipstick smudge on the paper’s flipside gave me pause. According to the receipt’s hour of indicated purchase on Tuesday, Rachel’s routine would’ve placed her approximately on a return trip from the gym. She’d typically stop for a coffee before going back to the house. If I presented this logical situation to her, she would’ve explained the circumstances in a convenient fashion. Marketing real estate had afforded her an excuse to show up in public eateries with an array of men. For one predisposed to cheating, it was like brandishing a “Get-Out-of-Jail-Free” card.
If any truth was going to be exposed from a single receipt, it had to come from someone other than Rachel. The safest option for me was to simply stuff the paper back into her purse and forget I ever saw it. In other words, pretending the evidence didn’t exist almost discharged the apparent deception, perhaps to a degree where it no longer mattered to the offender. It was nothing more than a poorly designed façade for both parties. Such a tactic, I imagined, kept numerous unstable marriages malfunctioning long after they should’ve disintegrated.
Of course, this anodyne approach to life’s pitfalls had always been my first resort rather than last. However, the trauma percolating within my veins—if that’s what it truly was—disallowed such passivity on this occasion. Instead of brooding over this for the course of today, I decided to let Rachel know that I wasn’t as oblivious to her shenanigans as she might’ve perceived. My presentation of this point required just a touch of shrewdness.
I flipped the receipt over on its blank side and pressed it flat on the counter. Then, after retrieving a ballpoint pen from the nearest drawer, I thought of scripting a message with a twofold design. Firstly, since I was scheduled for a doctor’s appointment later this afternoon, I elected to write my wife a note asking her to remind me of this scheduled time. As it was with most modern couples, we presently communicated through the means of cellular data. Because of this technological convenience, my handwritten words now seemed obsolete. Yet not too many years ago, shortly before the frigid transference of texting on phones replaced the warmth of ink, I often penned pithy messages to my wife. Perhaps it was a mawkish gesture to leave tender sentiments scattered throughout the house on neon slips of paper, but I believed the absence of such exchanges pilfered the charm from a lover’s repertoire. For me, ink will always rival an electronic chat, even when the motive was overtly dubious.
Romance was not in the equation for my current problem. The dual nature of my memo eliminated any such possibility. I fully intended for Rachel to discover that I had written my note on the backside of her receipt, thereby tactfully letting her know that her indiscretions hadn’t gone unnoticed. I couldn’t resist employing an element of sarcasm in my penmanship. The note read as such: ‘Rachel, I have an appointment with Dr. Pearson at 2:45 this afternoon. Can you please call to remind me after lunch? I’ll be thinking of you. Enjoy your day off. Your faithful husband, Corbin.’
Perhaps it was a tad juvenile of me to taunt her in such a backhanded fashion, but I experienced no regret for this conduct. I presumed, or at least hoped, that Rachel’s conscience would’ve ushered in a tinge of compassion. If nothing else, maybe she’d be more cunning by keeping her purse locked in her car from now on. In the event that this was nothing more than a blameless misunderstanding, the note also granted an avenue of escape for me. After all, she could’ve inadvertently dropped the receipt from her purse and I then found it on the kitchen floor or table. My strategy, although hastily formulated, provided little wriggling room for her at this stage. Even if she didn’t confess to any wrongdoing, I had at least sown a seed of suspicion to root between her temples.
The proper placement of this note was almost as essential as writing it. I decided to nudge it under Rachel’s ceramic coffee mug (she consumed entirely too much of this), which she habitually stored on the countertop next to a microwave oven. I didn’t want to leave any doubt that she’d somehow overlook the message. Once satisfied with this chore, I fetched my car keys from a pegboard on the wall. In the stillness of my surroundings, I couldn’t elude a tiny voice pecking at my brain like a voracious hen. Wouldn’t it have been nobler of me to simply ask my wife of her whereabouts on the morning in question? Indeed, this was a sensible approach, but not the wisest for an insecure man. Besides, although I didn’t have access to the most recent statistics, I gathered that a majority of accused partners emphatically denied extramarital encounters.
Despite the initial satisfaction of my deed, I had no cause to celebrate. In truth, when either person strays within a marriage, there’s usually fault attributable to both sides. I knew that I hadn’t adequately responded to Rachel’s lack of fulfillment in terms of material possessions. From my perspective, it was more a matter of practicality than a genuine snub. But nevertheless, the dismissal of her whims probably caused me to appear like a callous cheapskate in her eyes. My mother once quipped that a frugal man died with more money in his pockets than kisses on his lips. Apparently, I neglected to make a connection between these two contrasting images.
For what it was worth, Leon Chase never shied away from capricious enterprises. I simultaneously envied and pitied him for his extravagance, but the man never seemed in short supply of attention. In any event, his propensity to overindulge in life’s finer effects honed my wife’s amorous ambitions. When had the first traces of mutual lust reared between them? Was it at Rounders? Admittedly, I hadn’t watched their habits closely enough, but it all seemed premeditated now. They cajoled like the old school chums that he and I once were, while I was left pontificating about the doldrums of teaching British literature in high school. In my own complacency, I had rejected an ageless rule in terms of friendship. This cliché was often uttered, but the most stable relationships were grounded in camaraderie. True lovers conversed about events more spellbinding than weather and work. Sadly, somewhere in the comfort of routine, my wife and I undermined the foundation of contentment.
My attention simultaneously shifted to the far end of the kitchen’s countertop. Among a pile of unpaid bills, I noticed my new leatherback journal. Its cream-colored pages were still unfurled and smelled like fresh wood pulp. Two weeks ago, I purposely bought an expensive journal to encourage myself to write again. Not many people other than writers willingly dished out forty dollars for a booklet of blank sheets of paper, but I was willing to try anything as a means for motivation. It had been nearly four years since I attempted my last work of fiction, but anyone who had ever described himself as a novelist knew that this period was an eternity in the realm of inventiveness.
Of course, I always wrestled with a nagging insinuation that I wasn’t a real novelist, not the kind that showed up at book signings at Barnes and Noble and Oprah anyhow. Furthermore, I was definitely not the type touted by agents and secured with monetary advances. I certainly had compiled enough manuscripts over the years to stock a small-town library, but as my father once advised me in his matter-of-fact way: “Unless someone is paying you to read it, then it’s not worth your time.” Maybe that’s why Chester Cobbs stopped writing before he ever had a chance to polish his prose. I imagine that’s why I quit writing, too, for a while. Eventually, life’s responsibilities plagued my artistic energy. Yet at times, I still experienced sparks of clarity where I envisioned words printed on a page before they actually materialized. It’s difficult to describe this phenomenon to anyone who doesn’t cherish the craft. I often reminded my students (and even my wife) that I could’ve effortlessly taught them the mechanics of writing, but I didn’t have the skill to make any of them writers. Above all, it’s essential to understand that a real writer never chose the craft. It chose him.
To suggest that I was simply ensnared in a creative rut would’ve been an arrant understatement. Lately, this black void felt more like a gulch massive enough to impound a bulldozer. A haunting voice sometimes screeched within my brain, but I permitted the echoes to fade until silence soothed me like a long-sought drug. I couldn’t accurately declare how much of my talent I retained, but I know I was presently suffocated beneath a mound of mangled memories.
In moments of intense uncertainty, I reflected upon my youth. In those days, words flowed from my pen as fluently as air through a bird’s feathers in flight. During this time, no boundaries shackled me to the earth. I was free to traverse the uncluttered pathways of my mind like a prowling jungle cat. I often wondered why I sculpted some of my best ideas before my twentieth birthday. The answer became evident shortly after I turned forty. As a young man, I was virtually unfettered from life’s woes, and I didn’t accept rejection from anyone. But as I aged, and my manuscripts remained mostly unread, I lost an intangible urge to maintain my focus on the craft I relished more than anything else in this world. In short, I simply surrendered my dream.
And yet while leaning wearily on the counter in my kitchen on this wretched morning, I sensed a multitude of words trickling through my head, deluging my brain’s recesses as if they had never truly forsaken me. I gradually edged closer to my journal, sneaking up on it like an old acquaintance. I then clasped the empty book between my fingers and caressed the onyx-colored leather. Why had I permitted my fondness for writing to diminish to nothing more substantial than a pastime? The finest at what they do rarely sacrificed a moment away from their chosen endeavor. If I no longer cared, how could I have ever expected anyone else to partake in my passion?
Just as an artist can’t color portraits without a brush and canvas, a writer became ineffectual minus his palate for words. In my mind’s eye, I had already penned my supreme achievement, a novel of epic proportion that rivaled anything I had attempted previously. This opus, I contended, exceeded even my loftiest expectations. But before I wrote the first word onto paper, my episodes increased in intensity. Suddenly, I was distracted again. A gloom draped over me like a pox-laden blanket. It sickened me to wonder if I would’ve ever reclaimed the stamina to compose my masterpiece. But as I already specified, this morning marked a new beginning for me. As I traced my fingertips over the journal’s clean edges, I promised to revisit the resilient voice infiltrating my imagination.
With my journal now wedged under my armpit, I moved back toward the note on the counter’s opposite side. Given my revelation, a postscript now seemed appropriate. I took a pen in hand and wrote: ‘P.S.—Today is going to be a memorable day! I’m writing again!’ Perhaps my statement was a bit premature, but she wasn’t the wiser. It felt invigorating just to make this promise to myself. Even with my heartfelt intentions in place, I knew that my episodes weren’t simply going to cease. If anything, they were becoming more frequent and unpredictable. Only a little over ten minutes had elapsed since the last occurrence, and a thin coating of perspiration already coated my upper lip; I recognized this as an early symptom of yet another spell.
Rather than falling unconscious in my home and risk being awakened by my wife, I managed to stagger into the garage and plop behind the steering wheel inside my Volkswagen. By the time I started my Beetle’s engine and pulled out onto the driveway, my vision blurred considerably. From this point, I had no way to reverse the process. I managed to engage the car’s parking brake before leaning my forehead against the door’s cool glass. Maybe my spontaneous defense would’ve mercifully stalled the onset of this spell, but it was a futile exercise. Soon enough, the morning light filtering into my eyes narrowed, almost as if I progressed steadily into a cave’s aperture.
For some reason, I depleted what remained of my consciousness on a flurry of dandelion seeds floating from Cora Hart’s poorly manicured lawn onto mine. I immediately associated the seedlings to snow and how conspicuous it would’ve appeared on my grass at this late day in April. Nevertheless, for the moment, I was content to resign my thoughts to a winter scene that existed eternally behind my closed eyelids.


Chapter 8

6:32 A.M.


A powdery snowfall already mantled the cobblestone street where I abruptly emerged.  The moon, in near full phase, dangled like a pewter pendulum above an urban avenue. In the distance, although out of visible range from where I trod, a church tower’s bell tolled eleven times in succession. Apart from a string of gas lamps sporadically illuminating the sidewalks with halos of ocher light, the majority of brick and brownstone apartments appeared bleak. One residence on the street’s western half, however, harnessed enough animation to enliven the whole lot. I approached this façade with a good sense that a joyous occasion had prompted a gathering of friends and relatives. A copper plate affixed to the residence’s letterbox identified this destination as the Morkans’ home.
After some consideration, I determined that I had arrived in Dublin during the Feast of Epiphany. This event, marking the end of the Christmas season, seemed well underway. Although I needlessly patted my pockets in search of a tangible invite to this celebration, it seemed fairly obvious that I was predestined to mingle among this hodgepodge of Irish guests. From a porch’s stoop I distinguished a melody often loaned to a waltz; dancing silhouettes projected through the home’s second-story windows and mixed cohesively within the snowfall flittering along the walkway. In spite of my seemingly impervious tolerance to the night’s frigidness, I rang the door’s bell with an eagerness of attending this party from the reverse side of the chilled air.
It took longer than I anticipated for the door to swing open. A young maid with straw-colored hair, apparently frazzled from the evening’s pace, gazed at me as if she was leafing through an annual’s pages in quest of a name to match my features. The hostess’s smile gradually shortened as her perplexity deepened. Her search had reaped no palpable result. But this was the type of festivity where a strange guest or two would have likely shown up unexpectedly. After an awkward exchange of glances, where she undoubtedly mocked my attire in mute disapproval, I watched her otherwise colorless cheeks flush with a tinge of ruddiness.
“Good evening to you, sir,” she said. “You must be one of Mary Jane’s former students. Welcome.”
If such an agreement pleased her well enough to usher me inside, so be it. I nodded my chin chivalrously, and brushed a fringe of snowflakes from my hair. She winced again at the informality of my clothing before stepping to threshold’s left side. I couldn’t deny that in comparison to the others I was woefully underdressed for this convivial occasion. But the hostess, being a naïve girl, was easily appeased by my excuse.
“Forgive my appearance,” I said. “This wonderful event almost slipped my mind, but I’m glad to see that I haven’t arrived too late to enjoy what’s left of it.” Until now, the young maid’s name eluded my memory, but I remembered it in the midst of my explanation. “You don’t know me at all, do you, Lily?”
“I can’t say that I rightly do, sir.”
“It’s as you already guessed. I once studied piano with Mary Jane.”
“Welcome,” she said, but more reservedly than before. She then extended her fingertips, which I clasped gently in my palm. “And what is your name, sir?”
“My name,” I said, scarcely above a whisper, “is Corbin Cobbs.”
My surname, of course, elicited another blank expression from this young lady, but a blustery wind pervading through the doorway prompted her to extend her cordiality to me. I walked into a dimly light pantry, where the guests’ winter garb hung on racks at the hallway’s far end. Lily almost asked to relieve me of my coat before she realized that I wasn’t wearing one. Even though such cold weather was unusual for Ireland’s version of winter, my lack of sensibility caused her chalky complexion to change even whiter than the snowfall.
But as fate would have it, Lily’s list of chores was inestimable on this occasion, which left her limited time to scrutinize my rather ambiguous introduction. Before I attempted to say another word, an elderly woman with auburn hair summoned Lily upstairs. After ascending a staircase, I eventually meandered among the Morkans’ guests, but I didn’t blend with these socialites as seamlessly as I might’ve wished. They were all assuming their pompous roles as high-minded figures, but I sensed a vagueness stirring within their eyes like a dusty updraft. None of this detail seemed terribly distracting since they—as counterfeit people often do—whispered quirky opinions of my disposition rather than attempting to find out my true nature.
Eventually, I settled my eyes upon a member in the crowd who appeared almost as out of place as I did during the procession of an Irish jig. He leaned languidly against a plaster wall, shifting his hands from his tailored suit coat to his pant’s pockets as if he had misplaced something of importance. He combed his dark hair back from his pasty forehead, revealing a slightly furrowed brow. The rimmed glasses he wore shielded his boredom from those who watched too closely. Judging by these few observations, I assumed this man was Gabriel Conroy. Perhaps I had conveniently found the purpose to this particular journey.
I prepared to converse with Gabriel as soon as the encompassing crowd dispersed, but another gentleman with an irregular gait rudely nudged me with his elbow as our paths intersected in the parlor. Apparently, he had consumed an ample portion of spirits for this evening. The gaunt fellow teetered along the floorboards with two glasses held precariously in front of his extended arms. He already spilled half the contents of one drink over his shirt’s cuffs before bumping into me. In this case an introduction wasn’t required. I’m certain everyone in company realized that Freddy Malins had no intention of curtailing his drinking habit; his inebriation was almost as traditional as the event itself.
The party’s source of comic relief hobbled close enough to my nose that I smelled vodka mixing with a citrus scent on his breath. “When it comes to epipha—neees,” Freddy slurred, “I say let the fine lassies dance as they might dare. It brings the eyes a great degree of pleasure, don’t you think?”
“So it does,” I agreed. My response was more reflexive than honest, but I didn’t want to arouse suspicions among the others. Besides, debating an alcoholic on any point was never a prudent choice. I only hoped the lemonade Freddy ignorantly ingested sobered him until I escaped to another portion of the house. Fortunately, a tenor’s song provided all the misdirection I needed. While Freddy and the guests dutifully surrounded Bartell D’Arcy, I made a stealthy retreat to an adjacent staircase in the home. Within seconds after inhaling the fragrance of Freddy’s pastime, I determined that there was only one person at this gathering who captured my interest. Her name was Gretta Conroy, and she kept herself isolated from the majority of these nostalgic imbibers for most of the night.
As I ascended the stairs treads, a lilting pitch of a woman’s voice guided my attention toward a sitting room at the corridor’s opposite end. The melody she hummed was identical to the one D’Arcy simultaneously crooned in the parlor downstairs. The woman’s song saddened me, although I couldn’t claim the tenor’s effort had the same sway on my emotions. Perhaps I had already assigned a mournful meaning to “The Lass of Aughrim.” I felt conflicted for intending to interrupt her at such a vulnerable moment because I knew what secret loomed in the crevices of her heart. But conversely, I also realized that it was impossible for me to depart this residence without first conversing with Gabriel’s wife.
Gretta hardly shifted in her stance as my shadow angled through the sitting room’s doorway. She fixated her gaze magnetically toward a window, where a soft snowfall speckled the glass and concrete sill. Strands of moonlight filtered between the silvery snowflakes, which illuminated against her ivory dress. I already knew that her thoughts had drifted to province far removed from this party’s pretenses. She must have sensed that I studied her as one previewed a well-guarded work of art. But she continued to hum the melody as if I was just another apparition in her mind.
“It’s a mesmerizing song,” I announced, hoping that she’d at least acknowledge my sentiments. Upon hearing my voice, Gretta pivoted her head slightly in my direction. Her hair shone with a brassy tinge in the muted light. A blanch shawl concealed the curvature of her neck and shoulders. I noticed that her fair complexion was almost as equally colorless as the gown she wore. At the moment, Gretta’s own contemplations barred an immediate response.
“I didn’t mean to disturb you, madam,” I said. “But I couldn’t help overhearing the song you were humming a few moments ago.”
My intrusion obviously startled Gretta, but trying to assign a name to my face most likely contributed to her confounded expression. She then addressed me in a voice that was almost as hushed as the falling snow.
“I don’t believe we’ve met before, sir.”
“We haven’t,” I said, confirming her suspicion. “Well, at least we haven’t met in a way that you’d accept as rational.”
Perhaps an introduction would’ve sufficed at this juncture, but I didn’t expect a sociable greeting for such a formality. Gretta continued to stare at me with a pensiveness that would’ve surely turned men like Freddy Malins away in a fit of shivers. After observing my attire, I assumed that Gretta realized I had no invitation to alleviate her concern. I then told her my name, which only served to heighten the gracelessness of my intrusion.
“Did Gabriel send for me?” she questioned.
“No.”
“Then, if I may be so bold, Mr. Cobbs, why are you here? The guests are all downstairs.”
“Yes,” I concurred, “but I’m not really one for crowds. I just came up here to clear my head, but that’s when I heard your astonishing voice.”
Gretta, of course, recognized faux patronage better than most of these partiers, and my only plausible excuse for exploring this portion of the Morkans’ residence had suddenly become as flimsy as Freddy’s equilibrium. She then relaxed her shoulders a bit, permitting the shawl to slip away from her skin momentarily. Her eyes looked as muzzy as the Bog of Allen as she attempted to coax the truth from my lips.
“Are you familiar with that song?” she inquired.
“Before Mr. D’Arcy started to entertain the company, I had only limited knowledge of it. But, as I said, I was drawn to your interpretation.”
“I’m not a tenor, Mr. Cobbs.”
“Maybe not, but there’s a sincerity in the way you sing that melody.”
Although I couldn’t be certain, I believe a single teardrop traced across Gretta’s cheekbone. I watched this saline droplet continue to slide over her jawbone and dissolve in the fabric of her shawl. She managed to face me squarely at the room’s entrance, but not without a hint of anxiety altering her posture. 
“Considering the occasion, your choice of dress is very odd,” she remarked.
“I’ve been too busy traveling to fret about proper clothing, Mrs. Conroy, but I hope that doesn’t make me offensive in your eyes.”
“Then you’re not from Dublin?”
“No, madam, much farther away.”
“Not from Galway either?”
“No.”
Gretta paused longingly as if she was overcome by wanderlust. “I can almost place the accent,” she declared. “I’d say you’re an American—New York, perhaps?”
“Close enough.”
“Very curious,” Gretta pondered aloud. “I wasn’t aware that Aunt Julia or Aunt Kate were acquainted with an American man, let alone provide him with an invite to their yearly celebration.”
“Well, since we’re speaking candidly here, I feel I should tell you that I don’t have an invitation. In fact, my reason for visiting has nothing to do with this party. I think I’ve come here to talk to you.”
The trepidation returned to Gretta’s eyes before she said, “I’m afraid I don’t understand. Why do you want to speak to me?”
I almost stuttered a response laced with flattery, but then stopped myself at the risk of sounding disingenuous. At the moment, the only reply I offered was earnest but trite.
“I really was hoping to learn from you, Mrs. Conroy.”
Gretta tittered like a schoolgirl being courted for the first time. “Learn from me?” she repeated with incredulity. “Really, Mr. Cobbs, this is all very bizarre. I wished I shared your enthusiasm for my ability to instruct anything. But I’m sorry to inform you that you’ve obviously mistaken me for someone else.”
“I know I haven’t.”
“If Irish music is your fancy, there are more qualified people here to attain it from.”
“I’m not here for the music, madam. I’m here for the memories.”
Gretta’s visage appeared pale, while this evening’s light still silhouetted her delicate figure in the doorway. Her voice was fretted with uncertainty as she continued.
“I’ve been patient with you thus far,” she murmured. “But I think it’s time for me to rejoin the others downstairs.”
“But that’s not where you truly wish to be, is it?”
“You presume too much, Mr. Cobbs.”
Even if Gretta’s last comment was true, it didn’t change the course of my intentions. “I think we can help one another,” I declared, staunchly maintaining my position in the doorway.
“You haven’t convinced me thus far,” she countered. “Now, I don’t wish for our chat to turn into a commotion. Move aside, please.”
“I’m only asking you to stay with me a couple minutes longer.”
“We’re beyond that point already, sir. I think it’s best I leave.”
“But what about ‘The Lass of Aughrim’, Mrs. Conroy?” I asked, perhaps relying too stringently upon this solitary song. “Before tonight, I’ve never heard it sung so affectionately. I can only conclude that its lyrics mean far more to you than you’ve ever confessed to anyone.”
Upon assessing my words, the remaining color in Gretta’s face became entirely depleted. She appeared baffled by my remark at first, but we both knew that I hadn’t misrepresented her emotions. It was still her duty to convince me otherwise.
“Why do you insist that this song has relevance to me?” she asked. “I can’t even recall the name of it on occasion.”
By now, Gretta’s eyes had darted away from my stare, almost as if to seek refuge from a flood of passion that she didn’t wish to unleash onto me. I sensed her perplexity more readily than before. Her lips trembled as she uttered her next question.
“Are you certain we haven’t met before?”
“Most positive.”
“Yet you talk as though you’ve designed my thoughts.”
“You may stop me when I’m wrong.”
Gretta paced across the creaking floorboards and leaned against a daybed’s wooden framework. Her head then tilted toward the window again, where fresh snow still fluttered against the icy pane. “I’m not sure exactly who you are, Mr. Cobbs, and I can’t say that I truly care. But I don’t think it’s proper of you to mock my feelings.”
“It’s not my intention to do so, Mrs. Conroy. I only wanted to ask you a few questions.”
“Pertaining to an Irish melody?”
Before answering the lady, I inhaled a sample of the room’s perfumed air, which reminded me of mints and lilacs. Gretta averted my gaze as I searched for a subtle way to convey what I knew about her past. But even with her stare cast toward the window, I detected a trace of apprehension circulating within the room’s climate.
“I don’t think I need to remind you that it’s more than just a sorrowful tune to your ears, Mrs. Conroy.”
“I’m thoroughly mystified. Are you certain you’re not from Galway?”
I shook my head compassionately, realizing that my accusation had etched into Gretta’s mind with a numbing impact. She swayed momentarily in her stance, perhaps overwhelmed by the memories reverberating through her mind. Suddenly, her demeanor improved as her thoughts stabilized.
“I demand that you stop sporting with me, Mr. Cobbs. You have me at a disadvantage, of course. I don’t even know if you’re telling me your real name.”
“My name isn’t important,” I returned. “I’ve really come to talk about Michael Furey.” 
Gretta’s mouth nearly froze as she repeated the syllables of that name. I didn’t intend to startle her with this announcement, but we couldn’t proceed without touching upon this point. For a moment, the lady wavered in silence, perhaps allowing her recollections to return to the clandestine meeting place of the boy she once adored.
“How do you know about Michael?” she uttered as softly as dove’s wings on air. Another collection of teardrops sparkled in the corner of her eyes.
“If I told you how I knew of him, you’d only be more confused.”
“But I’ve never spoken his name aloud before,” she insisted.
“That will change soon,” I promised.
“Is this another prediction on your behalf?” she said rhetorically. “What kind of a man are you?”
“A curious one, that is all.”
“Michael Furey is someone I knew a long time ago,” she whispered while flicking a teardrop from her eyelash. “If you truly know the lad, what has he said about me lately?”
“We both know that Michael can’t say anything, Mrs. Conroy.”
I expected Gretta’s disdain on this matter, but I didn’t fully comprehend the level of anguish she still harbored for this boy. Obviously, this was a love lost that she had never recuperated through another man’s embrace, not even the one she married. My goal now, it seemed, was to learn why she coveted the promise of a fractured relationship. But Gretta already revealed a tinge of animosity toward me, as if she expected nefarious intentions on my part. I assured her that I planned to be as tactful as possible in regard to her feelings.
“You still haven’t explained how you know Michael,” she sobbed. “What else can you tell me about him?”
“Only that he is dead,” I replied. “Yet I think we both can agree that Michael Furey’s death didn’t mark the end of his life in your mind, Mrs. Conroy. In a way that may be even realer than before, he’s still with you. As a matter of fact, he’s never left.”
Gretta’s quietness foretold of an attachment to this boy that no words adequately expressed. The first epiphany for me this evening suddenly suspended in front of my eyes like a polished jewel. This lady, of course, owed nothing to me, and how could any impartial man fault her for assuming such an obstinate disposition while her most furtive memories were exposed by a virtual stranger?
“You have me in a rather peculiar situation, Mr. Cobbs,” she uttered. “Apparently your travels must have taken you through Galway at one time or another. I don’t understand how else you’d ever come in contact with Michael’s name.”
Gretta continued to keep her head turned toward the window, where the nervous cadence of her heartbeat drummed against my ears. I attempted to step farther into the room, perhaps to help the lady understand that she wasn’t alone in her unvoiced agony.
“So many of us spend our whole lifetimes hoping to secure the love that Michael Furey once felt for you,” I explained. “It’s not easy to let it go, even when you know you must.”
“You sound like a man who’s besotted by such notions,” she said. “Are you presently in love with a woman?”
I paused and then felt listless for not responding like an impetuous suitor. “I like to think I am,” I answered.
Gretta still spoke softly without glancing in my direction. “You don’t sound too confident with that assertion.”
“I once was.”
“What happened?”
“I…I guess it’s the same thing that occurs between most couples after they’ve been married for many years,” I stammered. “Maybe I became too comfortable with our situation.”
“Complacency divides even the most devout lovers,” Gretta concurred.
“But your case, Mrs. Conroy, is a bit different. At what point did you realize that your feelings for Gabriel weren’t as pure as what you felt for Michael?”
Gretta paced back toward the window. She kept her back to me and sighed, “It was never a premeditated choice. Besides, I suppose my husband has always been too busy honing his own reputation to fret about my petty woes.”
“Have you ever explained your concerns to Gabriel?”
The lady delayed her response again, this time by placing her palm flat against the pane of glass as if to absorb the surface’s frigidness through her bloodstream. Although Gretta’s back still faced me, I knew that her countenance still yearned for another time in her life.
“Michael never had an opportunity to love me,” she whispered. “Yet there wasn’t a moment where I believed he didn’t care more about me than himself. I suspect that a man who values his own pursuits more so than his partner’s feelings will never truly know how to love a woman.”
“Did you ever share this opinion with your husband?”
Gretta didn’t feel compelled to answer this question. Instead, she fixated her stare at the cascading snow again. After a few seconds, she made her insight audible to me.
“No man walks aimlessly through a storm and comes out on the other side of it entirely unscathed, Mr. Cobbs. Eventually, he must survey what is behind him, and what is yet to come.”
“Borrowing from your logic, madam, it’s easy to get lost in such storms without any guidance.”
Gretta’s palm slid methodically down the glass as she pondered my words. Her fingertips thawed an impression of her hand upon the window. “I’ve lived my whole life steeped in false hope,” she sighed. She then paused and trained her ear to the spirited music borne from a piano’s keys on the floor beneath us. The woman’s forced smile contradicted her sorrow in this instance.
“The party seems lively,” I remarked, calling unneeded attention to the guests’ frivolity.
“Seems indeed,” Gretta exhaled. “If you should learn one truth from this occasion, Mr. Cobbs, then let it be this: all of the merriment here is worn like a jester’s disguise.”
“Are you inferring that no one here tonight is happy?”
“Oh, I suspect they are all content to exist within the framework of such an illusion. If contrived bliss is the order of the day, then you can expect them to fill the roles obediently. I suppose most of us have forgotten what it means to be candid with ourselves. The truth is often just too cold to grasp.”
Gretta withdrew her hand from the window’s surface and pivoted toward me sharply with a painted face smeared by her teardrops. Somewhere beneath that fractured shell of powder and paint, a real woman’s desires burned ardently enough to melt the frost from the window’s sill. For this lady, the mystery of securing one’s happiness couldn’t be attained in the midst of parties. She realized that the occupants wore their artificial smiles like veils. Her moment to educate me on this point now appeared as tangible as the snow falling on the River Shannon’s icy currents.
“It doesn’t snow in Dublin often,” she said, “but I can’t imagine a more proper evening for such an anomaly. Ireland’s green fields are blanketed in white, making all the landscape appear more dead than alive.”
Perhaps Gretta’s frigidness had forecast the night’s affair better than I realized, but a glimmer of regret shined like a heated ray at her center of her eyes, momentarily dissolving a portion of her insulated agony.
“If you’re a man who hopes to be great with his lady, then you mustn’t permit your life to become mundane.” Gretta now stepped toward me, clasping her hands in attempt to absorb the coldness exuding from her fingers.
“Is there still hope for your marriage?” I asked.
The lady’s pale face seemed couched in a snowdrift. She debated my last inquiry for many seconds before offering a reply. “Where would any of us be if all hope was absent from our thoughts? But if I’m going to be forthright, it’s not always possible for a person to change.”
“What about you? Do you see yourself ever loving your husband as much as you cherished that lad from Galway?”
“I wish I had a less cynical outlook,” she sobbed. “But I’m inclined to believe that even if I had the best intentions, it would be impossible to commit to them now.”
“Is it your contention that it’s not conceivable to love more than one man in a lifetime?”
“You may love more than once, Mr. Cobbs, but with each failing, the heart doesn’t beat as fervently as it had before. For me, more than the physical remains of Michael Furey lie buried in the churchyard. A part of my soul rests beside him.”
“Then you already know what must be done.”
“As I’m sure you do. Perhaps we’ll both have the clarity we crave before the last snowflake falls tonight.”
I now deemed it proper to leave Gretta to her ruminations. In a sudden shift of conduct, she now watched me avert her gaze as I slunk silently out of the sitting room. Even though I didn’t examine the lady’s eyes again, I knew that she probed for something hidden beneath January’s cold earth.
Festive melodies still chimed within my brain, belying the tormented tones of wistfulness that echoed throughout the parlor below. When I descended the staircase to make my way to the home’s exit, Gabriel’s eyes fixated on to mine; the hollowness of a dead man’s expression caused an instantaneous chill to creep up my spine. Maybe Gabriel Conroy and I weren’t so unmatched in our misery after all. One fact was uncontestable: the journey for both of us loomed as frigid and forlorn as the most bitter of nights in Ireland’s history.


Chapter 9

6:35 A.M.


I opened my eyes to view white dandelion pods scattering like snowflakes through the car’s headlights. No trace of coldness invaded my vehicle’s compartment, yet I shivered as if winds from a faraway landscape followed me through the cycles of sleep. After regaining my faculties, I checked the neon display on the dashboard. The duration of my episodes remained the same as before. Prior to the previous day, I couldn’t accurately predict the length of any particular spell. Before then, an occurrence lasted sixty to ninety seconds, but everything within the realm of my dreams seemed obstinately scripted now. I remembered more details than my earlier visions, too, which simultaneously enthralled and perplexed me.
Despite growing qualms about my sanity, I thwarted any self-diagnosis by merely returning to the day’s routine. Considering the randomness of each episode, maybe it wasn’t a sensible choice on my part to operate an automobile. But I salvaged some relief from this malady by functioning under a pretense that my disease was treatable through denial. I simply couldn’t permit myself to hunker into a chair and wait for the delivery of Dr. Pearson’s somber prognosis. Besides, it was only a ten-minute drive from my house to the parking lot at Ravendale High School. Before common sense dictated responsible action, I snapped my Volkswagen into first gear and coasted toward my destination.
But no moment within my life presently registered as uneventful. Before reaching the central road leading out of Willows Edge, my thoughts naturally revisited the complications associated with my wife. I began to torture myself with speculations that I had inadvertently sabotaged our marriage by not loving her in a manner she deemed satisfactory. When Rachel and I initially met nearly two decades ago, we were impetuous but not necessarily unseasoned in the customs of romance. Although the discourse between us didn’t often reveal the particulars of our prior relationships, I now recalled a fact that gave me pause when we first started dating.
Rachel never attempted any furtiveness about her engagement to another man about two years before we met. At the time it didn’t seem incredibly important to me. After all, I wasn’t naïve enough to believe that I owned sole bragging rights to the procurement of her affection. But Rachel never willingly supplied the specifics of the termination of this plan for marriage. I couldn’t fault her for skirting around the issue. Besides, I assumed she would’ve eventually imparted any relevant circumstances before our own status as a couple intensified.
Naturally, I harbored other reasons for not pursuing the nature of Rachel’s breakup with her former fiancée. I certainly didn’t wish to rouse suspicions of insecurity by badgering her for the minutiae. Furthermore, I felt no urgency to relate the tawdry facts associated with my own previous lovers. Perhaps it was a product of our immaturity that permitted us to overlook our past relations. Nevertheless, the potency of fresh love often eclipsed any commitment to logic.
Regardless of my neglect to address this situation thoroughly, I now had an ability to dissect moments in my life with unrivaled clarity. I suddenly remembered an incident where Rachel might have indirectly conveyed the reason for her unfulfilled engagement at a time when I was almost oblivious to her intimate feelings. One instance in particular wedged in the center of my mind.
Nearly ten years ago, during what I considered just another typical breakfast between Rachel and I, the first indications of sorrow emerged in her expression. As was our routine, we ate and conversed while perusing the daily newspaper’s headlines. Sometimes, as couples often do, we shared opinions on the weather or political climate alike, which provided a superficial dialogue in order to ward off any pregnant periods of silence. Ultimately, our feigned interest in random topics crossed over to the paper’s trivial fodder. This occasion wouldn’t have rated as memorable in my recollections had it not included Rachel’s reaction to one tragic tidbit of information buried on the bottom half of an obituary column.
After glancing at this page in the newspaper, my wife began to sob inconsolably. This unexpected display of emotion caused Rachel to abruptly excuse herself from the table. I, of course, wondered what news had provoked such a reaction, but she ignored my requests to explain. Curiosity then directed my eyes to a sheet of newsprint folded beside her half-empty coffee cup. I scanned the notices of death with the urgency of a man thrice my age. One portion of the newspaper was noticeably dampened by a spillage of coffee. All of the obituary’s listings held no significance in my mind, but one name struck me as peculiar simply because of the man’s age.
In this case, the deceased man was thirty-five-years-old. The paper included what appeared to be a recent photograph of him, where he looked in prime condition. His name was not familiar to me. As my eyes scanned over a mostly contrite and obligatory biography, I noticed that his cause of death was due to an enlarged heart. While prematurely dying from an undiagnosed condition was not unprecedented, it certainly merited further inspection on my part. I was already satisfied with an assumption that Rachel had known this fellow at an earlier time. The man’s hometown and choice of college matched my wife’s history as well. When Rachel returned to the kitchen’s table approximately fifteen minutes later, most of the teardrops had evaporated from her cheeks. But more conspicuously, she didn’t seem especially eager to divulge the motivation for her spell of anguish. If I ever hoped to establish any sense from this scenario, I needed to present my next question directly.
I waited a few minutes to gauge Rachel’s reaction. She remained strangely mute, sipping at her vanilla-flavored brew in sequence with a series of delicate breaths. Perhaps Rachel assumed that her actions already clearly indicated her feelings, and offering anything more significant would’ve been unkind or awkward. Either way, I suddenly relinquished my intention to delve deeper into this matter. In hindsight, I most likely prolonged a foreseeable consequence. Rachel had obviously experienced an acute reaction in response to this young man’s death. I surmised that they must’ve been quite friendly at one time. It didn’t require any grand suspension of belief to conclude that this man was the one she hoped to marry before I knew her. Until this moment, I hadn’t properly devoted credence to a possibility that my wife had ever truly stopped loving this person. 
As usual, I pulled my vehicle into the high school’s parking lot before most of the other faculty and students arrived. Living within ten minutes of the school had its perks. I found the morning hours to be my most productive as an educator. Over the years, I practiced getting most of my grading done before school started rather than piling pyramids of paperwork on my dining room table every evening. Of course, as I matured with my job, I realized that the gist of my instruction was measurable through classroom interaction. As a result, I stopped assigning homework on a regular basis. My twelfth-grade students didn’t squawk at my strategy, but the mode of operation was really for their overall benefit. The whole point of teaching a class in literature was to create an environment where the students wanted to discover the classics on their own. Forcing them to regurgitate facts for my satisfaction served no productive function.
The faculty at Ravendale High School presently provided a public education to over nine hundred pupils. In terms of size, the three-story structure was designed to house at least another two hundred students, but a recent outcry for charter schools in the surrounding region gradually thinned the herd, and by extension, our staff was not immune to unemployment lines. When I first started working in this district nineteen years ago, most of the teachers and administrators were as antiquated as the building’s cornerstone. But time and the inevitability of change had its way of whittling through the most entrenched pedagogues among us. At present, I knew of only one other teacher in the English Department who was older than me.
In truth, and contrary to the aspirations of a majority of my present and former colleagues, I never intended to stay an educator for more than five years. My lifelong dream of writing fiction for a living once seemed attainable within this timeframe. Needless to say, my projections misfired more often than a folder full of lesson plans. Of course, I wasn’t the first teacher to awaken one day after nearly two decades of service to recognize that time had sifted away from me like grains of sand on a storm struck beach. I presently resembled little more than a middle-aged relic reciting poems and passages to those who dismissed the art of literature as a superfluous exercise long before graduating from high school.
Since I routinely arrived at school forty-five minutes before the bell to first period, I entered the building through a side entrance with a key I finagled from the main office’s secretary. This route provided a shortcut to my classroom, while conveniently bypassing the central hallway where other early birds congregated like crows in a cornfield. Over the past few years, I avoided our chatty faculty rooms and other nooks where one teacher’s gripes became an entire department’s nausea. I, of course, was still young enough to remember that the newest teachers among us were often the most discombobulated. My solution for longevity in this or any career was quite basic. Whenever remotely possible, or even when it was seemingly impossible, the best practice for self-preservation was to become invisible.
In the fickle climate of today’s schools it was not uncommon to find the majority of faculty members untenured in their positions. I tried to instill wisdom into some of my fledgling colleagues by insisting that they withhold their opinions unless specifically asked to respond. In theory and practice, my strategy for a covert existence was almost foolproof, but I realized that new teachers suffered from the same blight as seasoned veterans: we cared too much about the injustices continually thrust upon us. Furthermore, young upstarts often asserted that they needed to voice innovative tactics that they assumed hadn’t been uttered before their arrival. As a result, this was no longer a profession where its certified associates spent two or three decades refining their crafts. In truth, most teachers didn’t last for more than five years behind the classroom’s biggest desk.
The hallways of Ravendale High School currently resembled the avenues of an old town born anew. Most of those who once perched complacently behind their desks for more than a generation had departed. I had only maintained a status as a casual acquaintance with the present staff. For this and other reasons I regularly retreated to my classroom and hibernated like a nocturnal critter waiting for dusk. It was only a matter of time before rumors of my own pending departure circulated among the gossipers. In reality, in terms of a career, I had few other practical options to consider. I couldn’t even claim to embrace the same optimism that I had for teaching a decade earlier, which saddened me at some indescribable level.
If I decided to leave teaching now, I certainly had other interests to hit upon. Yet the students who sat before me often supplanted my dreams. As it now stood, my own quest for stardom and excellence seemed secondary. Just when I thought I couldn’t endure another day of apathy and abuse among those who I unselfishly pledged to educate, a wide-eyed teen unexpectedly renewed my hope in the forthcoming generation. If only one student heard my voice and I impacted his life in some minuscule way, wasn’t that the reward any teacher worth his salt cared about? Perhaps it was the nature of every respectable teacher to help those who genuinely sought advice. I wanted to believe that I still had something worthwhile left to offer those who referred to me as Mr. Cobbs.



Chapter 10

6:47 A.M.


The art of teaching—if there still was such a concept nowadays—reminded me of a canvas to which the paint never thoroughly cured. Each new semester promised erratic patterns of behavior in spite of the political rhetoric inundating the public on a ceaseless basis. Every sensible teacher recognized that no two days were quite alike in an American high school. This knowledge, however, didn’t discourage us from attempting to delineate every minute of instructional time, as if we had the prescience of Nostradamus. In the last five years at the classroom’s helm, I had yet to religiously follow a daily lesson’s outline. As it was with most seasoned educators, I rated the incalculable knack of improvisation as our most consistent and reliable resource.
Over the past few months, I had undergone a transformation of sorts. I suddenly valued the semblance of routine, and almost anticipated the reactions from others with a sense of relief. As I walked the corridors this morning with my leather bag in tow, a fluorescent light flickering above my classroom’s door signaled my attention. I wondered how long it would take before a custodian was summoned to replace the dying bulb. At this hour, I inevitably spotted the same fellow sweeping a broom lackadaisically through the senior hallway. Over the past month or so he had acquired an uncanny instinct of showing up just as I approached the entrance to Room C202.
At first, I scrambled out of view to avoid any distractions accumulated through morning banter, but this custodian remained resilient. He was a convivial guy by nature, and seemed adept at alleviating his boredom by whistling classical tunes as he tended to his dull chores. One melody in particular gave me pause. After a few weeks of repetition, I finally placed the song in context. It was the identical tune that I had memorized and hummed as a young teenager while scouting the trails of Lake Endelman. About two weeks ago, I made a mistake of commenting fondly on his rendition of Rachmaninoff’s Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini. I expected the custodian’s gratitude, but his insistence to shadow me until I entered my classroom on each day thereafter became too overwhelming. Perhaps my affability had created another minor predicament, but I didn’t wish to blatantly ostracize the man. I assumed he was new on the job and hadn’t yet bonded with those working closely beside him. Strangely, I didn’t even notice another custodian in the building besides this fellow.
This situation might’ve remained benign for me had it not been for some other peculiarities. Oddly, and for reasons I hadn’t yet pinpointed, the custodian’s penchant for whistling wasn’t the only thing about him that reminded me of my youth. His overalls had an unusual odor, not necessarily unpleasant more so than anomalous. At present, I couldn’t quite determine where I first encountered this industrial scent. I almost thought to ask him about its origin on one occasion, but common courtesy caused me to stifle my inquiry.
I assumed the custodian had no wife or family to occupy his rambling anecdotes, or at least he never bothered to mention them to me. Initially, I remained impassive to his approach, only briefly acknowledging his presence whenever it became obligatory. This subtle tactic often helped me avoid altercations. I hadn’t even used any of our prior dialogues to obtain his name. Yet he had apparently gone to some trouble ascertaining the details of my life. At any rate, he seemed to know exactly what time I arrived at the school every morning.
Today wasn’t a prime moment for me to entertain the custodian’s blathering antics. Besides, I was almost embarrassed to confess that the tone of his voice didn’t set right in my mind. Contrary to his incessant whistling, which I had grown to tolerate, the words projecting from this gangrel started to irritate me. I couldn’t stipulate a precise cause for my agitation, for he wasn’t too nasally or raspy. Yet whenever he spoke at length, I found the fine hair spiking on my arms and neck, similar to when I thought of a shard of metal being scraped across an old chalkboard. Perhaps I was being too harsh with such a comparison, but I hadn’t yet divulged my feelings towards him. My indecision to disclose this point provided him an opportunity to further assault my eardrums.
At some point, and without any invitation, the custodian elected to refer to me only by my surname. Since I had no aim to deepen our friendship beyond its shallow level, I chose to overlook his irreverence. The man’s salutation normally bounced off a wall of steel lockers stationed on both sides of the corridor; on this occasion his boisterousness nearly shook the door’s key out of my hand.
“Good morning to you, Cobbs,” the custodian shouted with the gusto of an inebriated buffoon. I turned my head just far enough to observe his slapdash advance. He moved like a mannequin manufactured entirely of wire and clay, gyrating his rubbery arms and legs as if engaged in a poorly choreographed dance to his whistled tune. As always, he used an oversized broom more like a walking cane than a tool to sweep the floors. But I had no complaints in terms of the hallway’s cleanliness. They always appeared spotless and buffed to a polished shine. Logic led me to conclude that he obviously doubled over his own work just to have an excuse to badger me.
I suspected that ignoring his initial greeting wouldn’t have sufficiently signaled my displeasure. After all, the custodian rarely picked up on subtle signs of rejection, and I hadn’t yet summoned the temerity to state my opinion overtly. My modest bid at civility, however, didn’t prevent him from spewing forth rubbish like a malfunctioning garbage truck.
“I’d say you’re lookin’ a tad pale this morning,” he remarked. “Not getting enough sleep, huh?”
Leave it to the custodian to point out my obvious haggardness. At least I couldn’t chastise him for his lack of honesty. Apparently, I didn’t disguise my weariness well. My avoidance to elaborate on the custodian’s observance, of course, didn’t prevent him from proceeding with his discourse.
“You know, my old man used to get those same kind of bags under his eyes when he was around your age. He reminded me of a big panda.”
Presumably, my lack of good sleep wasn’t fooling anyone, but I equated the custodian’s indiscretion to reminding an overweight man about his protruding waistline. If I wanted to scrutinize the custodian’s gangly appearance, I might’ve pointed out that his eyes didn’t look much more rested than my own. However, I withheld my comment in hopes that he’d recognize my ingratitude. Unfortunately, nothing was working to my advantage today.
“You might think this is stupid,” he continued with a chuckle, “but I once read somewhere that you can fade those dark circles with two slices of cucumber. You just slap them on top of your eyelids for fifteen minutes or so. It might be worth trying.”
Despite the custodian’s efforts to diminish the affects of fatigue from my eyes, I remained unresponsive to his advice. I still clung to a fleeting chance that my silence served as a deterrent to his communicative nature. But it seemed that my unwanted guest wouldn’t be dissuaded from his mission so casually. I therefore needed to resort to a less inconspicuous strategy if I expected him to leave me alone anytime before the start of first period.
“To be honest,” I said, “I’ve been feeling a bit ill lately. In fact, I might be coming down with something.” Normally, such a pledge kept even the most relentless pests at bay, but this custodian was as stubborn as a legless mule. I then proceeded with a second attempt to dismiss myself from his company. “I really have to get some grading done this morning. I don’t mean to cut you short.”
The stiff-necked custodian remained unfazed by my rebuff. With typical defiance, he leaned on the broom’s handle like a crutch and leered at me with moss-colored eyes.
“No need to explain yourself to me,” he huffed. “I know how busy you teachers can get. Heck, it sometimes amazes me how you dash out of the building as fast as you do at the end of each day. But I bet you’re doing a lot of paperwork at home, huh?”
I nodded compliantly at the custodian’s sardonic comeback. He obviously spent just as much time watching me depart the building every day as he did synchronizing his duties with my arrival. I’m certain the custodian had enough dirt stuffed under his broom’s bristles to sully each member of the faculty if put to the task. I, for one, couldn’t pretend that beating the buses out of the parking lot didn’t fit covertly into my agenda on occasion. If nothing else, the custodian managed to manipulate this conversation in his favor.
“Hey, don’t let me hold you up, Cobbs. I’d have to be a plain ignoramus to think that you didn’t have anything better to do than stand around and hobnob with the school’s janitor.”
In spite of his self-deprecating tone, the custodian possessed a stealthy wit that burrowed under my skin like a famished tick.
“Look,” I said. “I’m not trying to be rude here. I just got a ton of stuff going on right now, and I need to be alone to sort things out. We can talk another time, if that’s okay with you. But I appreciate your tip about the cucumbers.”
I believed my plea sounded authentic, at least to pacify him long enough for me to scuttle into my classroom. But the custodian proved as inflexible as a trowel in a bucket of hardened cement. He still leaned wearily against the broom’s handle, fidgeting at the zipper on his tidy overalls. Then a glint of light illuminated his right eyeball; his left one remained dull and unfocused as a smile framed his hairless face. It suddenly occurred to me that the fellow had a stigmatism in one eye, not unlike the condition I experienced since childhood.
“Before I forget,” he chimed. “Someone was down here by your room looking for you yesterday after school.”
He purposely delayed his response to pique my curiosity. I finally had to submit to asking a question to obtain the information. “Who was looking for me?”
“An elderly woman. I think the kids call her Ol’ Fossil. Anyhow, she seemed pretty eager to speak to you, but the buses had already started to pull away, so I figured you were long gone already.”
Ol’ Fossil, as the custodian proclaimed, was indeed Ravendale High School’s senior faculty member. Of course, her real name, Edna Fassal, was rarely uttered by anyone under the age of eighteen. The stonehearted students would’ve never passed up an opportunity to ruthlessly pun an old woman’s name. Unfortunately, most of them were only clever when it came at the expense of someone else’s feelings. No one on staff had the courage to ask Mrs. Fassal exactly how long she worked in the district, but by all estimations it was close to as many years as I was alive.
I couldn’t discount the credibility of the custodian’s claim, however, because Mrs. Fassal had become a widow over the past summer. Since her husband’s death, she routinely sought my expertise on matters that she had most likely either abandoned or forgotten. I believed she mentioned giving birth to a prodigal child at one point, but their estrangement seemed certain. Others who witnessed my attentiveness equated her bond to me as a sort of surrogate son. Truthfully, I never gave the matter much credence, excusing my habits as nothing more kindly than helping an elderly person cross a busy intersection. Essentially I kept her functional in the latest computer software, and convinced her to switch from chalk to dry-erase markers when whiteboards were introduced to our classrooms about seven years ago.
“Did she say what she wanted?” I asked the custodian, perhaps sounding a bit subservient under the circumstances.
The custodian stood upright momentarily, straightening his spine with a patronizing pose. “She didn’t say too much,” he replied. “But if you ask me, she looked kind of frazzled.”
Because of Mrs. Fassal’s advanced age, which I surmised as a shade fewer than seventy years, she often succumbed to emotional meltdowns over trivial affairs. I don’t know when I’d stop serving as the unofficial savior of her struggles, but I didn’t possess the temperament to turn her away as easily as I would have the custodian.
“I’ll try to make it upstairs to her room before first period,” I thought aloud. “If you run into her before I get there, tell her I’m on my way.”
“Sure thing, Cobbs,” the custodian whispered. The sudden modification in his pitch of voice confused me. “I wouldn’t wait too long,” he continued in the same tone. “She’s not doing too well since her hubby turned toes up. Rumor has it that she spent her whole life with the same fellow. Talk about limiting your options.”
The custodian’s attempt at humor didn’t encourage me to forward even a faux chuckle. “Sometimes the oldest teachers impart the best lessons,” I rebuked the jaded janitor. “It’s not easy staying married for a half a century in today’s society. I give her credit for doing what most people will never achieve.”
“Don’t get all mushy on me, Cobbs,” the custodian retorted. “I was only trying to rile you up a tad before you become totally tedious to your students.”
I elected to ignore this statement, but I wondered if any jest accompanied the custodian’s observation. Had I really become as lackluster as I felt? If the guy pushing a broom through the corridors noticed my malaise, how was it possible to conceal this melancholy from my students? Perhaps they were just too considerate or unsure to mention such shortcomings in my company. I’m sure I could’ve baited the custodian for further clarification on this sentiment as well, but sometimes it’s wisest not to fish in troubled waters. Of course, just because I had finished conversing didn’t mean the custodian exhausted his lungs in turn.
“This is just between you, me, and a fence post,” he started again. Oddly, this time he discarded the whispery syllables in favor of his obnoxiously vociferous tone. “I wouldn’t worry about ditching this place a little early everyday.”
“I don’t think it’s that frequent,” I countered. “But I wasn’t really worried about it anyway.”
“That’s the fighting spirit, Cobbs. Keep up the brave face. Heck, they’re not paying me to keep tabs on you defectors anyhow.”
“Is that what we’re referred to nowadays?”
“Look,” the custodian resumed with a wry grin, “call it intuition on my part, but I’m fetching to bet that you’re not the only certified employee around here who has a few secrets tucked away, you know what I mean?”
“Actually, I don’t,” I declared. “I’m not one to get caught up in all the rumors flitting around this place. I just try to keep out of the way whenever possible.”
“Well, normally I’d say that’s a safe option, but with the current climate in education being what it undeniably is, you can’t solely rely on privacy as a best defense in the trenches anymore.”
“I’ve managed to duck under the radar so far.”
“Lucky you. But when they start gunning for you, Cobbs—and it’s just a matter of time before they do—you’re going to need some ammunition to return fire.”
Perhaps the custodian spewed forth some warped wisdom on occasion, but he didn’t tempt me to confess my contractual breaches with this interaction. I couldn’t have stopped him from talking now even if I had a steel clamp to fasten his lips closed. The man’s mind buzzed like a fly trying to poke through a screen.
“Just listen to my logic for a minute,” he insisted. “I don’t know if you’ve been paying much attention to our building’s evacuation code, but according to the fire marshal of this county, we’re required to administer two practice drills each month for the entire school.”
I assumed the custodian wanted to substantiate a point, so I nodded my head cordially while opening my classroom’s door. I now felt strangely obligated to listen to his latest version of Ravendale High School’s veiled conspiracies.
“Do you remember how many drills we had last month, Cobbs?”
“I can’t say that I do.”
“Not counting that tripped alarm on the 10th by a kid with pimpled skin, we had four other mock drills. That’s two more than what we’re required by state law.”
It wasn’t my intention to sound flippant, but the custodian’s fastidiousness about scheduled and unscheduled drills seemed outside his job description, and not nearly as compelling as he hoped I’d view it.
“I don’t see where you’re going with this,” I said. “Apparently, those in charge must think we need more practice exiting the building.”
The custodian chortled like a precocious child and said, “I figured you as a fairly smart fellow, Cobbs. Can’t you come up with anything juicier than that?”
“Maybe I haven’t given it enough thought.”
“Then you’ll fit in around here with the flock of sheep nicely. But, since I always looked at you as a trendsetter rather than a follower, I’m going to ask you to think about the shepherd who’s making the big choices in this place.”
“Are you talking about the principal?”
“Bingo without the chips,” answered the custodian.
“Maybe he needs a new calendar.”
“Or a new secretary, which you’re probably aware he has already acquired.”
The custodian mouthed curled into a watermelon-wedged smile, now revealing a column of teeth that were diligently more polished than I expected. Before proceeding, he seemed content to permit my curiosity to stew a bit longer. My eyes must have simmered like a broth left on a hot stovetop too long. Even I couldn’t pretend that the potentiality of scandalous behavior on the part of Dr. Morgan Lemus didn’t merit a few extra minutes of my time.
“What are you trying to say?” I finally inquired.
“On Thursdays, between periods three and five, we have a drill for the first two weeks of the month. The third and fourth evacuations usually occur during the fourth week, typically on Wednesdays after the lunch periods. If you set your watch by that schedule you’ll know that I’m not mistaken. I also find it interesting that Lemus doesn’t leave his own office during the drills.”
The custodian’s dedication to detail astounded me, but he still sounded overly officious. As far as I was concerned, the regimented timetable of a school’s evacuation plan was more practical than spontaneous. It certainly didn’t warrant any dissection from a man who seemed intent on uncovering the seedy gossip lingering within every cranny of this school. As it was with most things in my life, I maintained a practical viewpoint until the evidence became too contrary to ignore.
“I suppose the principal’s in charge,” I said, half regretting my choice to defend a man who I had grown to disrespect. “Dr. Lemus doesn’t have to answer to anyone in this building.”
“Fair enough,” the custodian mused, seemingly undeterred. “But what if I was privy to information that Lemus wasn’t the only one who stayed inside during these evacuations?”
Perhaps it would’ve been a prudent endeavor on my part to simply close the classroom’s door at this juncture. I certainly didn’t hunger for the nourishment of more hearsay. The custodian, however, presumed I hadn’t gorged down an ample portion of smut in weeks.
“Here’s the deal,” he continued. “If you happened to stroll by the main office in the past four months, you might’ve sneaked a gander at the little pigtailed peach who replaced Mrs. Hinkles.”
It served me no benefit to be coy amid unmixed company. Most men in the building hadn’t neglected to pace a few extra strides to gawk at the voluptuous substitute hired specifically to work as Dr. Lemus’s personal secretary.
“Yes…you mean Mrs. Finnegan?”
“The one and only.”
The custodian’s malicious grin hinted that he had already unearthed enough dirt on the principal to bury him up to the crooked knots in his garish bowties. Professional courtesy almost tempted me to remove myself from this situation before anything else tainted my opinion of our administrators. Unfortunately, procrastination was almost always usurped by inquisitiveness. I stayed fixated on the custodian’s report as if he had acquired the knack of a hypnotist.
“Just by good fortune,” he went on, “today happens to be Thursday. You might find it helpful to be near the main office later on this morning, Cobbs. And if you dally for a bit outside the window, you may even be keen-eyed enough to spot Mrs. Finnegan ducking into Lemus’s private den.”
“That can’t be accurate,” I said.
“Oh, and there’s another detail,” he said. “Apparently, Mrs. Finnegan has a penchant for miniskirts. But I’m confident they’re not just for her comfort.”
“You have a vivid imagination,” I chuckled, but the custodian’s stoic expression validated his belief. “You’re being serious, aren’t you? You really think those two are fooling around during the fire drills. He must be almost twice that woman’s age, not to mention married. She’s married as well.”
The custodian didn’t answer me with words. He simply pivoted his broom in tiny circles on the polished floor in front of his feet. As much as I might’ve wanted this rumor to hold water, this morning was a particularly difficult time to entertain further suspicions about infidelities. I needed to put an end to this discussion before learning more than I sought to know.
“Hey, I appreciate what you’re saying,” I told the custodian in my most ambassadorial tone. “But I really don’t want to get involved in any of this cheap drivel.”
“Suit yourself, Cobbs. I’m just trying to give you the ammunition you might need to save your own ass one day. Fire when ready.”
For now, I felt as if it was my obligation to carry forth with an unguarded attitude. Even if there was any validity to the custodian’s observations, I had my own quandaries to overcome. The custodian suddenly seemed content to shuffle along the corridor with his broom directing him like a divining rod.
“I’ll be seeing you around,” he said. “And don’t forget about the cucumbers.”
I briefly considered asking the custodian for his first name, but that would’ve only stalled him longer. My instinct to subdue the formalization of our relationship made better sense. Besides, I don’t think he planned to change the course of his duties despite whatever name I called him by. Once the custodian disappeared in the hallway, I checked my wristwatch. I still had over thirty minutes before the start of first period. This granted me enough time to sort through a pile of essays I had neglected to bring home from the night before.
Even after entering my classroom, I heard the melody of Rachmaninoff’s rhapsody floating through my mind. And although the custodian was indubitably gone, his clothing’s pungent aroma permeated my surroundings as if he still stood directly beside me.



Chapter 11

6:57 A.M.


During the course of my lifetime, I always found that the most lucid moments of my day transpired in the morning. This was as true with my own appetence to write as it was with the ability to tutor my literature classes. Before a spell of melancholy disrupted my visions, I routinely reminisced about my walks to Lake Endelman with my journal in hand. Oftentimes, before the sun arched above the evergreens, I’d sit upon the flat rock with my pen barely nicking the pulp of a blank page, knowing that the Muses would’ve instilled my imagination as surely as the sunlight’s rays soothed my skin. I relied on this reoccurring comfort for years, but most of those moments now seemed akin to a shadowy dream.
Gradually, the custodian’s whistling dissipated from my mind, only to be supplanted by the loons’ haunting harmonies. I typically settled behind my desk in front of the classroom with fresh energy brimming from my eyes, as if the promise of today’s instruction was somehow superior to my previous attempts to inspire. It’s mentioned that few professions outside of teaching afforded an opportunity to begin anew on a daily basis. In this way, a failure in one class conceivably offered a hope for redemption in the next. I had operated within this discipline for many years, and only recently wondered if it amounted to nothing more than a cleverly guised charade.
Good fortune had enabled me to secure my own classroom this year. Such a minor victory may have sounded insignificant to those on the outside, but acquiring an unshared room was a commodity in a school that couldn’t be guaranteed nowadays. Even in high school, most teachers garlanded their classroom’s walls and bulletin boards in a conventional manner by hanging inspirational slogans and course-related posters to stipulate messages that sounded as rehearsed as a recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance. In the past, I resisted such insipid contrivances, but because of escalating scrutiny from an intrusive administration, I eventually conformed. This year, my classroom’s wall space looked like it was decorated with a photojournalist’s portfolio, albeit one who was influenced by literary classics.
My inherited display of scribe-savvy innovators provided enough visual stimulation to satiate even the most ravenous faction of Dr. Lemus’s regime. I learned to welcome the laminated images of Shakespeare, Milton, and Chaucer when I flicked on my classroom’s light every morning. Of course, so that I didn’t get accused (whether rightly or wrongly) of uncorking the literary cannon with a predominately male bombardment, I managed to mix a few female authors and poets into the campaign, including Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Mary Shelley, and The Bronte Sisters. The centerpiece of this entire collection, however, had nothing to do with my subject material, at least not in a direct sense.
I hung a reproduction of a painting that I had admired since my boyhood just above the whiteboard at the classroom’s center. Surprisingly, some of my students recognized it as the logo from Swan Song Records, which the iconic English rock band Led Zeppelin launched in the mid-1970s. This line drawing of a winged and unclad Apollo rising in arched ecstasy in front of a descending sun had a deeper meaning to me, at least since my studies of art and Greek Mythology. The image’s source, as I explained to my classes, came from a 19th century American painter and sculptor by the name of William Rimmer. He entitled it ‘Evening: Fall of Day.’”
In terms of educational maxims, which caused me queasiness from digesting, I managed to manufacture one slogan and display it above the classroom’s door. I couldn’t locate its original author, but I remembered that my mother had repeated something similar to me in my youth. I created this poster on a rectangular scrap of white cardboard, stenciled with a red permanent marker. It read: “The First Step to a Better Tomorrow Begins Today.” I don’t know if any of my students really believed in such pithy wisdom or not because they had yet to acknowledge it. In the classroom, sometimes that’s a good omen.
After I unloaded my bag of a few pens and a soft cover version of Homer’s “The Iliad,” I turned my attention toward the desktop computer positioned on an adjacent table. Its screen illuminated with the high school’s homepage. Logging into a personal account and checking email became a pivotal part in a teacher’s routine over the past eight years. I reluctantly adapted to such procedures; only Mrs. Fassal resisted today’s technology with the same tenacity as her descendants might’ve rejected a spoonful of castor oil.
I usually classified the majority of mail I received as junk, which managed to siphon through the school’s security system with uncanny frequency. Occasionally I’d scroll the mouse’s pointer upon something important, or at least a note worth perusing. Some of my students preferred emailing their assigned papers, and I had no qualms about this method, providing they submitted their essays on time. In this instance, one of my charges decided that two weeks was an appropriate amount of time to let me wait for his composition on heroism.
Honestly, Aaron Mann’s procrastination on this thesis stunned me. I certainly didn’t rate him as one of my more conscientious students, but I figured this topic would’ve aligned conveniently with his infatuation for warfare. Aaron had become somewhat of a spokesperson for the U.S. military, and he already specified his intentions of enlisting in the Marines upon graduation from high school this forthcoming June. Not unlike so many other unsullied recruits, this seventeen-year-old boy wanted to retrace his father’s boot steps onto foreign battlefields.
As expected, Aaron’s essay reflected the rhetoric undoubtedly instilled in him since his youth. I couldn’t pretend to share Aaron’s enthusiasm for organized combat, but to deny the functionality of a robust military in today’s out of kilter world was a quarrel not even the staunchest peacekeepers could’ve upheld. At the same time, Aaron’s propensity for violence, whether camouflaged beneath patriotic bunting or not, worried me. I’m certain there were phases in every young man’s life where he envisioned himself as a rescuer to meek and indigent people. In truth, military propaganda was designed to romanticize conflict and the soldiers’ call for duty. The irony was that anyone who miraculously survived a firefight in the field soon realized that the attainment of glory was cruelly overstated.
Of course, convincing Aaron of such a realistic perspective was a futile undertaking. The cocksure commando-in-training had already convinced himself that he was predestined to match Achilles’ conquests once unleashed upon the Middle Eastern terrorists. I had no intention of tarnishing his grandiose reverie. After all, I knew better than most that dreams were crafted to flourish within oneself, if nowhere else at all. But I wondered if Aaron had sampled enough of Homer’s epic poem to discover the Greek’s most fabled hero’s fate.
Aaron’s obsession with jingoistic pursuits was not by any means atypical in the aftermath of 9-11. In the days following the single largest loss of life on American soil since the Battle of Antietam in 1862, the public’s patriotism surged through the stratosphere like a launched missile. Suddenly the notion of retaliation hadn’t seemed more appropriate since World War II. Over the years, I’ve watched several gung-ho students march to a similar cadence, while aiming to uncover purpose in their callow lives. In this way, Aaron’s current fervency reminded me of another student who graduated in the class of 2002.
By all accounts, Rusty Travil turned the September 2001 assault on America into his own vendetta for justice, and few ever faulted him for his enthusiasm. I, however, questioned Rusty’s motivations. Only a few months prior to his flag-waving epiphany, the gangly boy expressed a desire to study music. As recently as the spring semester of the same year, I recalled seeing him bopping through the hallways with a tangerine-colored Telecaster strapped to his shoulder. Replacing his electric guitar with a semiautomatic weapon just didn’t register as a natural transition.
Perhaps I overstepped my boundaries as an educator by attempting to persuade Rusty to resist impulsivity when making life-changing choices. Joining a pending war as a means to avenge a despicable deed shouldn’t have been decided over a slice of pizza and soda. But Rusty already had it imprinted in his mind that he’d be exchanging gunfire and grenades with al-Qaeda before his nineteenth birthday. My consternation was intensified by the knowledge that the boy had never once hinted toward a fixation with military campaigns prior to the attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon buildings. It humbled me to know that he had an ability to achieve his goal without my blessing or guidance.
Staying true to his intended ambition, Rusty graduated from the Marine Corps’ boot camp within five months after leaving Ravendale High School. Before the end of his first year of service, he was shipped off to Iraq to serve part in a search-and-destroy convoy throughout the desert regions outside of Baghdad. During his battalion’s first run, Rusty’s transport Humvee struck an IED, instantly killing him and four other infantrymen, including a second lieutenant in command. They said Rusty Travil died a hero on that arid day in 2003. To accentuate that notion, Rusty’s mangled corpse was buried in Arlington’s cemetery with all the pageantry and pomp bestowed upon the casualties of war. A superbly uniformed officer handed Mrs. Travil a folded flag, and soon thereafter a gold-burnished plaque, commemorating her son’s life and death, was promptly added to Ravendale’s Hall of Fame.
Occasionally I ventured over to that seldom-visited breezeway adjacent to the school’s gymnasium. Rusty was not the only alumni to meet a premature end in our school’s history. The corridor’s undersized showcase displayed veterans’ memorabilia dating back to at least Vietnam. In my mind, those boys all died while fighting courageously for causes they were too ignorant to comprehend. I couldn’t help but to think that I failed Rusty in some way, and if I had been more resolute in my protest against his enlistment I might’ve prevented his demise. His memory will be preserved as a soldier, but I will remember him as an amiable kid who strummed an orange guitar without ever having a proper chance of singing songs of experience.
I wasn’t prepared to let Aaron Mann duplicate such a foolhardy fight for recognition. In my own way, I aimed to highlight the pitfalls of heroism, using Achilles and other ancient demigods to demonstrate the eternal disenchantment of those who feared death’s anonymity. I read over Aaron’s essay with eager eyes, hoping to uncover a nuance in logic where he contradicted his emotions. This boy would’ve never been mistaken for a great writer, but his points on this subject remained cogent throughout the essay.
Before I finished scrolling through the entire document, I sensed my vision falling out of focus. The computer’s screen became blurry, only to be eventually segmented behind a vibrant blue haze. A throbbing sensation in my left temple simultaneously caused me to wrench backwards in my chair, almost as if tethered by a taut rope. Once a wave of cold sweat swelled across my forehead and cheeks, I knew that I had no chance of eluding another episode. I meekly closed my eyes and conceded to the next journey within a subconscious mind that adhered to few limitations.



Chapter 12

7:06 A.M.


A crud yet majestic structure was stationed on the faraway horizon. Its design appeared as ancient and taboo as anything I had ever examined. Despite the ominous presence of its framework jutting purposefully from a craggy earth, I moved toward its shadow as if summoned by a nameless force. As I crossed an infertile landscape, this shelter loomed larger, showing evidence of a workmanship that must’ve required hundreds of loyal builders. The dwelling’s timbered exterior seemingly provided an impenetrable barrier from the frigid elements and whatever else dared to call this desolate domain its homeland.
Within twenty paces of the fortress’s gable, my breath collided with a dank, metallic odor. It mixed with what could’ve only been described as the putrefied remains of human beings. The cruel air swirled with a bitter tinge of decay. At first, I saw no visible bodies upon my approach along a cobblestone trail, but makeshift graves desecrated the rocky soil in almost every crevice along the cliffs. The evidence of an unmitigated horror soon presented itself in a gory outbreak. A few fragments of animal or human bone were strewn about the landscape, as if planted to ward off rogues and barbarians. Whatever terror had occurred here didn’t transpire long before my arrival. Something wicked had defiled this shelter, and I had every expectation to discover its source.
The remnants of annihilation, coupled with the reek of death, fluttered like Charon’s cloak as I neared the lodge’s massive walls. In the fading sunlight, this stronghold’s golden-laced beams gleamed as if dipped and preserved in a honey-colored lacquer. The vacancy of it all caused a shiver to ripple over my shoulder blades, yet I sensed that I wasn’t here alone. Within a few seconds, I estimated my placement at the threshold to the grandest and most infamous of all the mead halls in the annals of Anglo-Saxon lore. Despite the obvious signs of abandonment and bloodshed, the foreboding image of Heorot couldn’t be easily mistaken.
Once a safe haven for the embattled warriors of Danish fields, I recognized that this great hall now only cast a shade of its former grandeur. I surmised the better half of twelve winters had already passed, leaving faint echoes of the merrymaking lingering in the atmosphere. By now, all of the mirth had dried from this domicile as surely as the red gore that stained Heorot’s edifice. Here, of all habitats far and near, King Hrothgar’s once-unrivaled meeting place sealed its doors until the curse subsided.
Before entering the mead hall with no resistance other than a wind channeled from the nearby sea, I suspected to find one man who lacked the humility to permit his greatest achievement to wither. This old, aforementioned king hunched crookedly on a gilded throne. A blaze from a hissing fire illuminated his shadow on the tenebrous walls. The pungent odor of rot and mold encompassed him like uninvited blight. He appeared as diseased and forlorn as his monumental shelter.
I walked toward the proud and pious Dane, bowing contritely to gesticulate my subservience to his rank regardless of the direness at hand. Hrothgar raised an eye toward me that glimmered briefly, revealing a trickle of hope that his pleas for assistance had finally been sung in the proper hero’s company. Regrettably, I was not the man he had yearned to set eyes upon. As I kneeled by the firelight, Hrothgar’s fingers combed through his grizzled beard. He then brushed the residue of ash from his scarlet robe and stood from his throne as if rising to his feet for the first time in many moons.
“The scops have sung of a great Geat’s arrival,” Hrothgar whispered. The king’s morbid expression matched his tone perfectly as he continued to study my physicality. “Forgive me if I insult you, strange drifter, but you don’t appear to be the hero who the bards spoke of so favorably.”
“I’m not that man,” I declared. “Rest assured, King Hrothgar, I haven’t ventured here to outshine Beowulf’s resplendent glory. That engagement still hasn’t been altered.”
“He must come soon,” Hrothgar murmured. “The carnivorous claws of Cain’s creation have impaled this land like scalding daggers. The spirits of my dead disciples cry with each new moon. This shelter of splendor cannot withstand anymore misery.”
The king motioned toward a bronze goblet positioned on a table beside his throne. He poured the cup’s contents hastily through his curled lips, seemingly oblivious to the syrupy liquid as it dissolved within his wiry whiskers. After he consumed the mead, he raised his chalice toward the smoky air and mumbled an inaudible prayer. Eventually, his attention swayed back to me.
“Tell me, selcouth wanderer,” Hrothgar continued, perhaps slightly encouraged by his intoxication. “Who in this land or any other have sung of your praises?”
“None that I know, sire.”
“It’s unfortunate that you’ve come here now. Aren’t you aware of Heorot’s blight? It’s a tragic song voiced by all who ever put story to verse.”
“I’ve heard what all the others have been taught,” I answered.
“And yet you still come without a chronicle of valor to impart?”
“I have no accomplishments that you’d find worthy to this cause.”
Hrothgar paced closer to me, directing two eyes that appeared pilfered from the embers of the fire pit beside us. He proceeded to gulp the last traces of lava-colored liquid from his cup before forwarding a spiteful laugh that rebounded against the gold-encrusted rafters overhead.
“You carry no weapon or courage to this house of pain,” he said. “Have you completely ignored the scops both far and near? Did they not yet sow a seed of trepidation at your soul’s core?”
“I have nothing to fear,” I insisted. My reply must’ve sounded unnaturally naïve to this war-ravaged overseer. How could I proclaim such a bold thing? Even through the eyes of a novice, the presence of death tainted every fragment of this grand abode. “I know of the slaughter that has reduced your hall’s occupants to its present state,” I continued.
“And yet you still claim to dread nothing from within this hall?”
“I’ve never fought neither monster nor man, sire.”
“Then you must recognize that men much braver and brawnier than you have perished in this hellish realm. Is that not so?”
I nodded to acknowledge what couldn’t be refuted. Perhaps this grim king had already surmised that I represented no challenge to Grendel’s predatory pursuit of mortal flesh and blood. I could not fault him for his honest opinion. Hrothgar leered at me with a sadness consuming his brow; it was as though he looked at me with the same disenchantment he cast upon a thousand men who pledged commitment to his plight.
“What is your name, strange wanderer?”
I uttered my name, which brought no distinct reaction whatsoever from Hrothgar’s hardened countenance.
“And you are the son of what man, Corbin Cobbs?”
“A man far more ordinary than you,” I responded. “I’ve come to Heorot by no single command or calling, sire. My homeland is far removed from Danish shores, and I can’t even claim to possess the power to tame the terror that haunts this hall.”
Surely, my confession must’ve discouraged Hrothgar, for he soon reverted to an apathetic stupor. The goblet coddled between his fingertips slipped from his grasp and clanked against a straw-covered floor. He then retreated in his stance and shrank like a dejected spirit onto the sanctuary that was his throne.
“My kingdom has grown visibly desolate,” he announced drearily. “The most courageous warriors, heralded from heaven to Earth, have succumbed like meek maidens when confronted by evil’s edifice. I’ve witnessed the mutilation of God’s handpicked creations, shredded asunder from this province in the most horrible agony conceivable. And yet I’ve prayed for this sheath of darkness to lift its inky vestment from my domain. But the scent of rot remains pungent and ever-present. Now you see me as a forlorn king, Corbin Cobbs, no more deserving of mercy than the Christian God’s betrayers. And yet still I sit upon my throne, waiting in sustained anguish for a hero who shall one day rescue Heorot from its enduring and unwarranted sorrow.”
Hrothgar’s declaration left me with little to rebuttal. I wished I could’ve offered him more than what I had come to say, but this was not my battle to win.
“Your hero will be here soon,” I assured the king. “Those who hail from Geatland shall not fail to find this place. I can promise you that much.”
“But if you haven’t a desire to vanquish the monster of the moors, why do you make yourself visible to this ill portion of the world?”
I had no fail-safe response to relay to the king, but it became evident that my purpose for this visitation was not solely designed for Hrothgar. The knowledge I sought couldn’t be imparted by any other source than the giver of strife.
“With your kind permission, sire,” I resumed casually. “I ask you to grant me a favor of staying one night in this hall as your guest.” Naturally, Hrothgar appeared perplexed by my request. He knew better than anyone of the abhorrent horrors that unfurled here after nightfall. His eyebrows knotted curiously, resembling a silver pelt nestling across his forehead.
“Did you come to Heorot to die, Corbin Cobbs?”
“I hope that isn’t the outcome.”
“Yet you wish to slumber where death’s cold claws rise and clutch at all that sniffs the air.”
“With respect to your superstitions, grand king, there is a time when every man must combat his fears. That moment for me is now.”
“Ha,” scoffed Hrothgar. “What sort of rival do you present with neither sword nor shield to fortify your approach? If you can bear it, survey this blood-sodden hall with scornful eyes. Do you not detect the remnants of tattered flesh and marrow sullying the very foundation you stand upon? The baleful beast has no clemency for those akin to Adam.”
“My methods are different from the others who’ve come here before me,” I said, determined to persuade the king of a gallantry that I never practiced beforehand. Despite my feral boast, which was still far tamer than anything Beowulf might’ve uttered, I noticed that Hrothgar’s disposition remained unaltered.
“Perhaps you require clarity on these cruel circumstances,” he mused. “The creature that devoured my men did so in quantities of thirty or more in one phantom swoop. Mercy is not a message it shall ever acknowledge. It feasts upon all that strays within range of its tenacious teeth, gnawing on entrails as it sneers demonically in the face of anything born to trumpet Christian hymns. Hear my words, intrepid traveler: purer pathways await those in search of heaven’s gate.”
“No one is going to die in Heorot on this eve, noble king. This is my oath to you. My only hope is to understand the bitterness churning in your tormentor’s heart.”
“Then you are already woefully misguided, because the tenant from hell you now speak of has nothing in its shapeless cavity resembling a heart. It only thrives to prey upon all those who are vulnerable. If you chose to venture farther into this territory, you will become its next sacrifice.”
My valor, however shortsighted, bounced off the king’s thorny crown as if it was crafted from rubber rather than gold. He had obviously heard too many tales of bravery before, and another unfulfilled promise amounted to little else but squandered time.
“If I should let you stay for one moon’s phase,” Hrothgar pondered, “how do you intend to survive longer than the scavenger of souls permits?”
“Tonight I am armed only with words,” I stated, increasing the likelihood that this king viewed me as more of a masochist than a slayer of sinfulness.
“Words!” Hrothgar bellowed, while simultaneously spewing his stomach’s yoke-colored contents onto the planks at my feet. “This enchanter of evil won’t be quelled by mere words. No man has yet lived to confront its malice more than once.”
“Too much violence has spawned the birth of this creation,” I argued. “It’s impossible to cleanse the blood from Heorot’s pillars until someone thwarts the monster through a method other than battle.”
Unsurprisingly, the fatigued king still cast no faith toward my reasoning. After all, he was born in an era and habitat where all mortal conflicts were resolved through warfare. To him, I must’ve truly looked and sounded like an interloper from another world.
“Tell me something,” Hrothgar resumed. “Do you stand before me and deny the savagery of mutilators? One does not just wag a tongue at the talons of terror and expect victory. By the good graces of my lord and savior, I’ve survived the assaults thus far. But without divine protection bestowed upon me by the Heavenly Father, you will not be as fortunate in your quest. Meanness multiplies like maggots on the limbs of tender wounds. Words without weapons shall never curtail Cain’s corrupter. Grendel crept from its mother’s wicked womb, and it will remain a blasphemous brute until its final gasp for air is drawn.”
Hrothgar couldn’t have stated the gravity of this plight any more plainly to my ears, yet I ignored his caveat as if I had something to earn far more priceless than any treasure attained through battle. Seeing that I demonstrated little fear at the prospect of succumbing to hasty demise, the king ultimately acquiesced to my modest demands. By his calculation, when he returned to the Heorot upon the next sunrise, I would have been vanquished from here in one form or another. Hrothgar neglected to offer me any further wisdom as he departed the hall, leaving me to wait in isolation for mankind’s most pernicious entity.
Heorot’s fading firelight provided a thin sphere of illumination throughout its interior, perhaps taunting me with flames that slithered against the walls like vipers. But as others had practiced before my arrival, I remained firm to the purpose at hand. Even without a formidable weapon to wield, I had clung to hope as religiously as these warriors worshipped their gods. But what service was hope when pitted against the most harrowing evil of all legend and lore? Grendel, the malicious assassin of the bogs, had never met his equal in combat, and Heorot became nothing more than its favorite feeding ground.
Even for a man such as myself, who had internalized the history of Grendel’s rancor, the mission seemed fraught with doom. No creature delved more deftly in the craft of killing humans than this demon, but a part of my being refused to acknowledge it as an indomitable force. A distinct vulnerability knitted in the fibers of every animal, but no sword or arrow could have pierced this membrane with enough accuracy to eradicate it from mankind’s conscious forever. In my mind, one strategy far surpassed all other efforts. The only permanent method to squelch terror was to comprehend its prime carrier’s motivation. In this way, I convinced myself that unlike any combatant before or since, I’d be able to communicate with Grendel.
I had come to learn that this insidious invader preferred the gloom of darkness before initiating its raids. As the scops heralded, Grendel only skulked from the shadows after his prey flooded their bellies with mead and their eyes with sleep. Once tuckered from the travails of existing in such a ruthless domain, the men became hapless targets to the monster’s ferocity. Oddly, those who feared dreams of death always found the bandit of life waiting for them in reality. But my eyes remained keen to this task, and if Grendel planned to dispose of me, it would have to do so while I was fully coherent to its presence.
As the hall’s untended fire gradually fizzled to ashy smoke, I sensed that my time in Heorot had not gone unwatched by its most menacing trespasser. Without pretense, an ursine-sized mutation slithered toward my position. Its eyes glowed like pellets of heated iron, studying me with the same curiosity in which I examined it. No bard or barbarian had ever lived to account for such a hellish image firsthand. It glared at me in demented glory, knowing that I possessed no talent to undermine its savagery. Even as its torso expanded before my eyes, I couldn’t report a definite shape to its foulness. It shifted and bowed with the room’s borrowed light, lending a mysterious aura to its overall repulsiveness.
The scops had wisely withheld any conclusive evidence of its shape. Grendel’s timeless curse relied on such obscurities. Even with the eddying darkness serving as its ally, the hideous ogre’s odor could not be contained. I likened it to a scent of stale death mixed with the marshy bog in which it was conceived. Cold, coagulated blood—no doubt the remnants of a human sacrifice—dribbled from a jaw laden with tarnished fangs. An orgy of growls, emitting from its elongated throat, sounded almost indefinable. It was a sickening cacophony, seemingly foraged from a source of unknown torment.
It was no exaggeration to proclaim that mortal men had neither the skill nor the proclivity to interact with this impious spawn. By some measure of undetermined fortune, I harnessed my thoughts to this task, and communicated in a language that remained decipherable only to us.
“Grendel,” I called forth, trying to conceal the trepidation tapering through my voice. “I’ve come to speak on behalf of the Danish king, the lord of this realm known as Heorot.”
The harbinger of hatred lurked toward me like a seasoned culprit. By all estimations, it could’ve consumed me in one greedy gulp if it so desired. But it seemed momentarily stupefied by my audacity. Its tunneled nostrils sniffed at the air, projecting sulfurous fumes within inches of my face. A man unprotected by his dreams would’ve surely fled and endured a thousand nights of terror, but I held staunchly at the hall’s midpoint as if Hrothgar’s divinity suddenly incubated me from any semblance of peril. Then, only after I had considered abandoning this dialogue, it settled in its stance and spewed forth its first detectable syllables.
“You said my name,” it hissed. “What else do you know of me?”
“Who in this ancient land has not heard of your pitiless deeds?” I asked. “The bards speak of your reputation in the same vein as anything that defies purity.”
“Heorot was never so chaste,” said Grendel, revealing gobs of oily mucous between its spike-shaped incisors. “But because you stand here unguarded, little the sparrow of Eden, I shall share what I perceive of Adam’s kind.”
“By evidence of this carnage, I’d guess that your abhorrence for us is already well established.”
“An uncontestable truth,” the beast affirmed. “Pardon me for not mutilating you upon sight, but I detected no weapon in your possession or vengeance in your eyes. Didn’t the pious king inform you of all that you should know of me?”
“I don’t intend to provide you with any nourishment to feast upon, Grendel. It’s clear that your gullet is already fully gorged with Hrothgar’s followers.”
“Then you disvalue your own flesh?”
“No. It’s not my bones and blood that I wish to forfeit. I simply can’t be persuaded to feel the repulsion that flows through your limbs.”
With its misshapen jaws clattering for ripened guts, Grendel grinned at me as if I lied as convincingly as its master. Surprisingly, rather than consume me with expeditious intent, it settled for a further exchange of words. I soon learned that it gazed upon me as more of an imbecile than an adversary. “Do you expect me to be more merciful toward you because of your misguidance? Tell me why I shouldn’t mince you to a fetid pile of rubbish right now?”
“Do as you do best,” I said. “But let me first deliver my uncensored thoughts. Surely, a predator as petrifying as you relinquishes nothing by granting such a request.”
Grendel leaned its scaly visage closer to me, gulping my expelled breath as if it was flavored by fear. Despite Grendel’s colossal dimensions, which readily explained its ability to shred mass quantities of men simultaneously, the creature moved as if its bulk hovered indiscernibly above the ground. It appeared almost tentative in its mannerisms, projecting something akin to mystification at the core of its pus-rimmed eyes.
“Your scent is unlike the others,” Grendel observed. The archfiend flicked its forked tongue at me like a serpent sampling its meal, nearly splattering me with slimy spittle in the process. I knew that I deliberately lacked the fragranced fright of its former victims, and this veneer, however thinly masked by my expression, vexed the great slaughterer of Saxons more than a devout prayer to the ethers.
“What land do you come from?” asked Grendel.
“None near this side of the Earth,” I stated.
“Why have you ventured to Heorot, frail sinner from Eden?”
My inclination to respond without pause sounded impulsive at best. “I wish to understand why you find it necessary to indiscriminately slaughter those who’ve done nothing to provoke you.”
Grendel looked at me inquisitively, while its masticating fangs oozed curdled saliva onto the ground. This discharge pooled into a viscous puddle at my own feet. Despite the beast’s unorthodox nature, I suspected it had an intellect that few of its previous opponents had time to examine.
“It’s never difficult to find fault in those who aren’t like you,” the monster said. “But in regard to the inhabitants of this dominion, I’ve never had any qualms in my reasons for massacring them.”
“Are you now ready to share your warped philosophy with me, Grendel?”
The odious offspring gurgled hoarsely. Its throaty emanation sounded as though it was sated with all of this planet’s most vile plagues. I fully expected Grendel to pounce on top of me and gleefully desecrate this hall’s crossbeams with my innards. I covered my ears as its reverberating growls intensified, but it still delayed its attack.
“Because you present yourself so sincerely in this business,” it grunted, “I’ll let you speak a bit further before crunching your bones.”
“Then I command you to tell me why such a shade of blackness stains your heart?”
“Examine your own words,” it countered. “Why must a tangible explanation exist for every man’s murder? Isn’t it enough cause that those devoured souls were in fact the sons of Eden? There is only one element that allows me to thrive.”
“Tell me what it is,” I demanded.
“You already know the answer,” Grendel insisted. “Why not surprise yourself and guess where evil is allowed to linger most freely?”
I didn’t fancy myself as an interpreter of riddles, but Grendel’s unwavering candor left me with but one conclusion to express. “Evilness,” I whispered, “always blooms wherever it is permitted to exist unattended.”
Grendel appeared appeased by my terse response. It permitted me to stand deflated in its presence, almost as though it had disemboweled me without commencing a single swipe of its claws against my flesh. “I wouldn’t be here now, fledgling of Eden, if not for mankind’s perpetual greed and hatred. Since Heorot’s rancid souls have given me ample fodder, why should I not silence their misery forever?”
“You can’t judge men all alike, Grendel. The pure and impure subsist in every species.”
“But none as treacherous as the worst of your kind.”
“A hearty force will soon come to snuff your cruelty,” I said, hoping that my admonition wouldn’t change the battle yet to be fought between this foe and Beowulf. “In one form or another, a better fighter will always rise and be hailed the victor. It’s the way of history.”
“I shall anticipate this hero’s arrival with rapt eagerness,” Grendel snarled. “But even if your prophecy holds merit, do you truly believe that immorality will perish once I am terminated from this hall?”
My voice quavered at this prospect, but I knew precisely what the beast already surmised. The monster stationed in front of me was as powerful and interminable as the Danes who summoned it unwittingly from the swamplands. They may not have yet recognized their function in Grendel’s emergence in Heorot, and in this way the abominable offender had secured itself among their ranks. Even at the prospect of its own demise, Grendel voiced its domination.
“Since mankind’s inception, and long before this mead hall erected to pay homage to such villainy, I have always prowled upon this land. You see me as a hideous mutation, but the form in which I appear is inconsequential. You, and your cousins of creation shall always mark my terror. I flourish in the stitching of your souls, filching life like a poisoned wind, but always omnipresent. I am a gracious guest, of course, for I couldn’t aptly survive in this world without the hatefulness of those who’ve first imagined me. What mortal hero can ever hope to outlive his reflection? All men are made to succumb to their own folly, vanity, and rage. In the end of things yet to come, I am nothing more or less than a manifestation of your untamed spirits.”
“By killing me, Grendel, you will nullify your own beliefs! I’m not like those who you’ve murdered beforehand.”
“Perhaps you’re right,” it mused. “But your eyes betray you, fragile one from Eden. Although your propensity to maim may still require some ripening, I sense the dark harvest is not far from your thoughts. Fortunately, I’m patient enough to let the seeds of sinfulness germinate.”
“What are you saying, you depraved troll? I’m a good man. I’ve never intentionally hurt anyone in my entire life. I won’t be corrupted by your lies.”
Grendel withdrew from me like a foggy apparition shrinking behind a burst of sunlight. It smacked its jaws jubilantly, almost as if it had examined a secret section of my soul and approved what hibernated there. What did it know of my past or future intentions? Despite my urgent pleas for it to speak with me longer, the infernal destroyer retreated silently into the hall’s shadows. What sad songs would the scops had sung if they witnessed the aftermath of such an exchange? As it was, I remained alone in the numbness of Hrothgar’s haunted shelter, bemoaning the misery that resided in the wake of my consciousness.



Chapter 13

7:09 A.M.


A flickering blue light distorted my scope of vision as I regained awareness. Apparently, I had only managed to peruse half of Aaron’s essay on the computer’s screen before succumbing to the throes of my prior spell. I couldn’t presently muster the energy to read another word of his paper. As I predicted, Aaron’s writing neglected to stray beyond a cliché range of warfare to achieve the heroism he aspired. By now I should’ve recognized that it wasn’t my job to change any student’s mind more so than it was to encourage openness to novel ideas. In this boy’s case, however, he piloted toward a military campaign on cruise control long before entering my classroom.
Before pulling myself away from the computer, I checked my email and noticed two additional messages, one being marked urgent. I initially opened Mrs. Fassal’s note, while simultaneously remembering that I promised to visit her classroom before the onset of first period. The second letter sounded a bit more dubious in tone. Whether it was coincidence or not, another English teacher sought my advice on an undefined circumstance that he felt merited face-to-face interaction. Shawn Winger’s letter, while slightly unexpected, wasn’t an anomaly. We sometimes talked over lunch, but our discourse normally required no more preparation than a chance encounter in the hallway or cafeteria.
What struck me as bizarre about this particular note was its heedless composition. I counted four typos in a five-sentence paragraph. Normally, I wouldn’t have arched an eyebrow to such trivialness, but none other than Ravendale High School’s certified perfectionist typed this letter. Shawn was habitually lauded for his meticulousness. He even had an erudite reputation of correcting grammatical blunders in some of our less conscientious colleagues. Even on a bad day this man simply didn’t commit such careless errors in his writing. I surmised that Shawn must have composed the email hastily, which prompted me to offer him a cursory reply. Even still, whatever was agitating his mind would have to wait until after third period. My few minutes of spare counseling this morning already belonged to Mrs. Fassal.
Since Mrs. Fassal’s classroom was located on the opposite side of the school, I needed a proper head start if I expected to avoid the inevitable congestion. Shortly after the busloads of students arrived, navigating the corridors was like squeezing through a subway’s railcar at rush hour. Fortunately, I managed to reach the B-Wing, as it was called, without any obstructions. But before entering Mrs. Fassal’s classroom, I noticed the same custodian from earlier gawking at me at the hallway’s far end. Just as he had demonstrated previously, the janitor leaned nonchalantly on his broom’s handle, almost as if he anticipated the precise time of my arrival. I elected to ignore him on this occasion.
The eldest pedagogue in Ravendale High School’s fifty-year history hobbled toward her locked door to let me inside. Admittedly, this senile woman probably should’ve filed her retirement papers at least five years before now. Edna Fassal was a portrait of a passé schoolmarm, garbed in a floral-printed dress that could’ve doubled as a tablecloth in a gauche motel. She sported an equally unappealing hairstyle that hung like snippets of brindled tinsel around her shriveled neck. None of this, of course, was as remotely distracting as the plenteous liver spots peppering her cheeks and forehead like misfired buckshot.
I knew it bordered on cruelty to judge a teacher’s efficiency based on her physical appearance, and if that ever became the criterion for adroitness, few of us in this profession would’ve been eligible to instruct anything more academic than simple dog tricks. But as I perceived it, Mrs. Fassal’s true encumbrance derived from her inability to manage today’s animated and often corybantic teenagers. It was no secret within any school that the students of this educational era were byproducts of a Darwinian age, for they attacked and decimated frailer prey upon sight. Teachers no longer received immunity to such malice. As a result, Mrs. Fassal unwittingly relinquished control of her classroom to a gaggle of recalcitrant bullies.
As the elderly educator approached, I noticed her arthritic hand trembling as she clutched the door’s handle. Her fingers looked like withered blades of quack grass. Despite her obvious infirmities, I sensed that Mrs. Fassal had no intention of being compliant to those who already dismissed her relevancy. After all, she had outlasted all of her critics, and insisted that she planned on teaching literature for as long as Shakespeare and Dickens had a peg hole in the curriculum.
Unlike our previous encounters, something besides puzzlement strayed into the woman’s expression. She looked genuinely distraught, or at least frazzled to a degree where visible teardrops amassed in the crow’s feet edging the outer corners of her eyes.
“Thank you for coming, Corbin,” she said. Her voice sounded gravelly. She then uncharacteristically grabbed both of my wrists with her fingers as if she was monitoring my pulse. “This has been a terrible week for me. Just terrible.”
Since Mrs. Fassal wasn’t one who routinely overreacted to the inherent nonsense associated with high school politics, I decided that her complaint held merit. Even still, she probably expected me to uphold a certain level of calmness.
“Just relax, Edna, and tell me what’s the matter.”
Mrs. Fassal’s grip slackened after a few seconds as she ushered me toward her desk positioned beneath a low-slung American flag. By the time she lowered her backside into a cushioned chair, I noticed a few distinct changes in the classroom’s décor since my last visit. In earlier times, and many semesters prior to my arrival at Ravendale, Edna was formally known as the Cat Lady. She had collected enough feline-influenced posters throughout the years to wallpaper the pyramids of Giza. An untold quantity of these renditions found their way to Mrs. Fassal’s bulletin boards. But on this occasion, the room’s corkboards appeared like desert landscapes. With still more than eight weeks of school remaining, Mrs. Fassal had packed up her belongings.
“Are you planning on switching rooms anytime soon?” I asked, inserting an innocuous chuckle to offset any awkwardness.
The old woman seemed preoccupied with another notion as she rummaged through her desk’s drawers. After a pregnant pause she said, “Oh, you noticed my boards. I decided to box up everything a little early this year.”
“It looks empty in here.”
“Honestly, the kids pay more attention to my kitty collages than they do to whatever I’m teaching. Maybe it’s for the best that I’ve taken them down.”
I suspected that there was more to this explanation than what Mrs. Fassal cared to divulge, but I didn’t pursue any further details. Besides, I doubted that she summoned me to her classroom to discuss decorative choices. After I fidgeted in my stance for a couple of minutes, Mrs. Fassal specified her concern.
“I don’t normally ask the faculty about other students,” she started, “but I was wondering if you’re familiar with a boy named Drew Mincer?”
I must’ve cringed reproachfully alongside the old lady as I repeated that name aloud. This particular senior was the kind of student who caused teachers to second guess their choice of entering this profession. Drew Mincer symbolized everything that was unflattering about today’s youth. No one ever described him as anything other than a lazy, self-indulgent, ruffian who suffered from an undefined angst that he used to browbeat others into submission. Because of his behemothic stature and raucous disposition, Drew became one of the most feared and notorious figures at Ravendale High School.
“He’s in my fifth period study hall,” I answered. “If it makes you feel any better, he’s a royal pain in the ass there, too.”
Mrs. Fassal’s cataract-laden eyes splintered into milky rivers as she contemplated her next statement. “You know I’m a very patient woman,” she remarked, “but in all my forty-five years of teaching at this high school I’ve never met a more disagreeable hooligan. He’s put me at my wit’s end.”
I wasn’t alarmed by Mrs. Fassal’s earnest confession. Unfortunately, because of the litigious climate of today’s schools, it was nearly impossible for most teachers to do anything more than tolerate incorrigible tyrants such as Drew.
“How does anyone sensible relate to that boy?”
“They generally don’t, Edna.”
“I should’ve scratched that delinquent from my roster back in September. He’s obviously not here to do anything else but disrupt my lessons and harass anyone smaller than himself. Is there any way to get him expelled from this school?”
“If there is, he’s found a way to avoid it. I hate to say so, but the laws not on our side in this case. Unless he does something criminal, we have to try to educate him whether he likes it or not.”
“I can’t accept such lunacy any longer,” Mrs. Fassal fumed. “This has become far worse than most people realize. I feel it’s a safety issue to keep him here any longer.”
“What do you mean? Has he threatened you or someone else?”
“Not directly,” she replied disappointedly. A slight hesitancy smothered her words as she continued. “As much as I loathe rumors, Corbin, I can’t deny that I’m not prone to overhearing them now and then. I know it’s unwise to get entangled in my students’ personal business, but whenever Drew’s name crosses my ear, I feel as if I’m morally responsible for stopping his behavior.”
“It’s a tempting instinct,” I agreed, “but it’s also a bad idea to put yourself in the middle. Outside of dealing with our administrators or phoning Drew’s parents, I don’t think there’s much more you can do. Have you tried calling his home?”
“Numerous times. His father seems indifferent to any accusation that his son is a relentless hazard to his classmates. But I’m not about to sit idly by and let that bullying reprobate terrorize my other students. Have you heard what that scoundrel did just last week?”
Mrs. Fassal didn’t wait for my reply before proceeding with her tirade. “Apparently, Johnny Kinders had two sets of gym clothes stolen from the locker room after tennis practice. In both instances, Drew was seen stuffing the garments down the lavatory’s toilets. But, as the case always goes, no one was willing to step forward and implicate the cretin. They’re all afraid of him.”
Any advice I offered to Mrs. Fassal on this matter required some discreet consideration. I certainly didn’t wish to instruct her on how to manage her classroom. I therefore decided to interject a practical thought into our discussion. “Look at it this way, Edna: in two months, he’ll be out of here. Then neither you nor me will ever have to see his smug mug again. Maybe it’s just best to wait until the slime slithers out the door.”
Mrs. Fassal may have furtively rated my suggestion about as functional as an administrator’s detention slip, but she refrained from any harsh criticism. I remained silent as the woman continued to shuffle through another drawer in her desk. Among the neatly arranged paperclips and packaged pens, she pulled forth a single sheet of folded stationary. I assumed she hadn’t yet conveyed the gist of what bothered her most about Drew Mincer.
“It’s come to my attention that there’s a larger matter at hand,” she revealed, while setting the paper within range of my hand atop her desk. She then adjusted the frilly collar on her dress before continuing. “As you may know, Drew generally picks on the most vulnerable kids he can find—the creed of his ill breed I suspect. I’m told that he occasionally offers exemptions from his torment to those who provide him with homework or money.”
Mrs. Fassal’s eyes fixated on the yellow paper, inviting me to inspect its content whenever I felt comfortable with the proposition.
“There’s more I need to know?” I inquired.
“That depends on how you interpret things,” she returned. “Before we go on, I’d like to know if you’ve ever heard of another student of mine. His name is Stanley Glacer.”
This name didn’t immediately register with my memory, but I couldn’t say conclusively that I wouldn’t have recognized the boy upon sight. “The name sounds somewhat familiar,” I answered, “but I can’t put a face to it right now.”
“I’m not surprised. Stanley’s not the type of boy who seeks attention from his classmates or otherwise. Unfortunately, that doesn’t mean he can avoid finding it against his wishes.”
“So I take it that this boy Stanley is on the meeker side?”
“He’s definitely introverted,” Mrs. Fassal confirmed. “I suspect the kids have always given him a hard time, but Drew takes the abuse to a shameful level. Since Stanley’s a naturally reticent student, he’s marked as a prime target.”
“Have you told Drew to back off?”
“You can probably guess how ineffective that tactic has been, Corbin. I honestly thought that Drew would’ve gotten tired of taunting the same kid everyday, especially when Stanley remains so unresponsive to the ridicule.”
After mulling over the former Cat Lady’s words, I decided to take a gander at the note she displayed on her desktop. She still appeared oddly unnerved by the presence of this paper. I therefore debated its content as thoroughly as she must’ve previously done. As I unfolded the note, it became immediately obvious that there wasn’t much to inspect. Written in pencil, on the paper’s upper left hand corner, two initials caught my eye. The capital letters D.M. seemed deliberately doubled over in graphite. More interestingly, in larger penmanship at the paper’s center, four words were etched in a similar fashion. I read these words aloud: “The bastard must die.” No other marks appeared on the paper, but they proved potent enough to induce tears in Mrs. Fassal’s eyes once again.
“Is this Drew’s paper?” I questioned.
Mrs. Fassal looked at me apprehensively as her head swiveled from side to side. Her voice and posture shrunk simultaneously as she continued. “I found that note under Stanley’s desk yesterday after class. I saw it slip from his knapsack. More to the point, the handwriting on that paper doesn’t belong to Drew.”
“Then it must be Stanley’s writing,” I said, as any practical person would’ve deduced.
“Of course it is. Doesn’t that trouble you?”
Mrs. Fassal watched me as if I should’ve been visibly dismayed by this shared information. But unlike some other neurotic teachers, I wasn’t prepared to overreact at the first indication of a student’s rebellion. Given the circumstances, Stanley’s reaction seemed quite ordinary. Of course, as teachers, we were duty-bound to steer any potential threats through the proper channels of authority.
I refolded the paper before asking, “Did you show this to anyone yet besides me, Edna?”
“No,” Mrs. Fassal replied in a quavering voice. “I thought about going to Principal Lemus right away, but I wanted to talk to Stanley first.”
“The kid is probably just venting,” I mused. “I can’t even count how many times I wanted to get rid of the class bully when I was in high school. Hell, half the kids in this school most likely have the same thought about Drew Mincer.”
“Well,” she said tentatively, “I’m not one who normally caves in to paranoia, but I also don’t want to deal with any ramifications if I’m mistaken. We don’t need another Columbine on our hands.”
Since I didn’t know Stanley Glacer’s temperament, I wasn’t qualified to comment on the likelihood of him running amuck with semiautomatic weapons. But I had yet to meet a teacher who believed any student was capable of such extreme violence. To my knowledge, Ravendale never had an incident on record warranting a comparison to the Columbine High School massacre in 1999.
“You can handle this situation one of two ways,” I continued, “and I think you mentioned them both already. Personally, I’d talk to Stanley before class and try to clear things up. I’m sure he was just letting off some steam.”
“I think so, too,” said Mrs. Fassal. “I really just can’t imagine Stanley writing something of this nature. He’s a docile boy. Never says a disparaging word in class.”
“It’s always the quiet ones,” I joked. “Seriously, you’ve been doing this gig a long time, Edna. Trust your instinct. You might still surprise yourself.”
Mrs. Fassal suddenly looked more confident in her abilities, and it was for this reassurance that I believed she truly summoned me here. Perhaps the speculation that her mental acuity had declined in recent years was slightly overstated. In this instance, I felt she handled the tense situation better than most teachers half her age. Just in case, I decided to offer her a few other minor suggestions.
“When you ask Stanley about the note, he’s probably going to initially deny writing it. That doesn’t mean he’s anymore likely a threat. Just make sure he understands that words and weapons are almost synonymous with one another nowadays, especially in high school.”
“I knew you’d help me figure this whole thing out, Corbin.” Despite her gratitude, I still sensed crumbs of consternation sprinkled in the Cat Lady’s voice. “I wish Stanley would just stand up for himself once. If you pardon my French, why can’t he just haul off and pop that menacing prick in the nose? Otherwise, I don’t think Drew’s ever going to stop hassling him.”
Perhaps I should’ve stopped myself before uttering my next comment, but I suspected that a long-suppressed chivalry seized the cowardly part of me. “Maybe there’s something else I can do,” I said, while subconsciously straightening my posture to project authoritativeness. “What period do you have Drew and Stanley in class together?”
“Sixth, I think.”
“That works out perfectly. Since Drew is my fifth period study hall, I’ll try to talk to him today before he comes to your class, providing that he shows up.”
“Oh, please don’t mention the note to him.”
“No, of course I won’t. I’m just going to gently remind him to stop badgering Stanley.”
“Do you really think he’ll listen to you?”
I shrugged my shoulders innocently and admitted, “The odds won’t be in my favor. But look at it this way, Edna, Drew’s counting down the days to graduation just like we are. I’m sure he doesn’t want to get suspended from school with so little time left. He might even mellow out if presented with a challenge to behave.”
At least my proposal subdued Mrs. Fassal’s tears for the moment, which provided me a tiny glimpse of encouragement. With her concerns temporarily pacified, I hoped to leave before she moved on to some other gossip. Before I stepped away from her desk, however, she reached her skeletal hand out and clutched my wrist again.
“Is there something else on your mind, Edna?”
Mrs. Fassal didn’t answer me until she fetched another item from her desk’s top drawer. She crinkled her nose as she pressed a pair of horn-rimmed bifocals over her eyes. Then, for the first time since I stepped into her classroom, she scrutinized my appearance.
Her voice suddenly sounded maternal when she asked, “Have you’ve been getting the proper amount of sleep lately, Corbin?”
“Yes,” I lied. Apparently I wasn’t very good at fibbing. Mrs. Fassal wasn’t about to let me escape her interrogation so stealthily.
“Far be it from an ol’ spinster like me to comment on another teacher’s appearance,” she said, “but you look exhausted.”
“That’s a fair observation,” I responded. “I think I get up too early in the morning this time of year. I blame the loons for that inconvenience.”
“I’ve noticed you’ve lost some weight, too,” she continued. Her eyes then focused on my waistline, which barely had enough girth to hold up my pants. “You’ve shed maybe five or ten pounds since our last department meeting. That’s too much weight to lose for a fellow of your height. What’s going on?”
Even if I wanted to contradict Mrs. Fassal’s estimation of my weight loss (it was closer to twelve pounds), she would’ve spotted my insincerity before the words formed on my lips.
“I guess I haven’t been eating much lately.”
“We’ve known each other for many years now, Corbin, and I have a feeling you’re keeping something from me.”
“I’ve been under a lot of stress, Edna, that’s all.”
“And what does your wife have to say about all this?”
I didn’t have the humility to explain to Mrs. Fassal that my wife was the primary source of my anxiety. This was an occasion where silence transmitted my feelings most auspiciously. The old woman obviously felt inclined that her intuition for motherhood extended to anyone who looked like they needed assistance.
“Have you been to a doctor lately?” she asked, bluntly challenging my sensibilities. My body language should’ve fittingly projected that I had no desire to continue this segment of our conversation. But this old lady hadn’t withstood nearly a half of century in the classroom by employing subtleness. “Please don’t be offended by my prodding, Corbin. I only do so because I consider you my friend. You know I lost my husband because he was afraid of what his doctor might tell him when he got sick. I told him the same thing I’m about to tell you. No doctor ever wrote a prescription for death. Only the coroner does that.”
“I appreciate what you’re saying,” I declared. “And, just so you can put it out of your mind, I already made an appointment with my doctor for this afternoon.”
“What do you think the problem is?”
“I really don’t know, Edna.” This time she knew I wasn’t lying. “Maybe I’ll have some more answers for you when we talk again.”
My response satisfied Mrs. Fassal for now. She released her grip from my hand and clasped her fingers together across her lap. “Don’t ever be cautious about coming to me with your problems, Corbin,” she insisted. “Despite what the little urchins whisper about me around here, this ol’ fossil still has a bit of verve left in her bones.”
I no longer had any cause to doubt this woman’s astuteness. Her spry insight belied an unbalanced gait, but I should’ve known that perceptions weren’t always what they first seemed. She permitted me to leave her classroom only after I promised her an update on the situation with Drew Mincer and my health. After granting those requests, I checked my watch and paced out the door. I had intentionally synchronized my watch’s time to match my alarm clock at home rather than the school’s clocks. For unspecified reasons, the time in our high school was alternately three minutes too fast or slow. In this case, I had an advantage. All the buses hadn’t arrived yet, which left plenty of space in the hallways to maneuver unhindered toward my own classroom.
Before I reached the stairwell at the end of the corridor, however, I became distracted by another telltale sound. The rhythmic clacking of a woman’s heels hitting the polished floor halted me in my footsteps. I knew the cadence of this stride in the same way a lonely dog recognized the pitch of his owner’s car engine pulling up in front of the house. Only one woman on this campus managed to manipulate heartbeats with the mere din of her leather-strapped stilettos. I suddenly became as flushed as a pimple-skinned greenhorn at the prospect of crossing paths with her.
Miss Hannah Dixon didn’t simply walk a corridor like other teachers. I likened her movement to a provocative dancer, sashaying and wiggling her sculpted hips to a music that only she imagined. This nubile enchantress glided on fawn-like legs, partially wrapped in a pastel miniskirt that must’ve violated every code of professional decency. But not a salty man alive from here to Timbuktu would’ve ever dreamed of reporting her gams as an infringement to their eyes. Admittedly, I tittered like a lecherous crony every time I caught a whiff of her flowered perfume. I don’t think she was much older than a few years out of a bachelor’s program, and I suspected she used her feminine mystique to her advantage whenever practical.
Unlike the majority of her paramours parading torpidly through the hallways in search of some semblance of affection, I managed to keep out of range of her flirtatiousness most of the time. But since I made myself an inaccessible target to Miss Dixon’s seductive gambits, she seemed more intent on testing my willpower. For the past two months or so, I sensed that she was following me, while occasionally coaxing me into some trifling talk about the weather or current events. Without question or compromise, the young woman’s effervescent personality lured men to her side like mice to gumdrops. I just wondered how much longer I’d last before this candy-baited trap unhinged upon me.
My choice to evade the coquette must’ve triggered fits of confusion in my carnal-minded colleagues. But, up until at least today, my reasons for doing so actually made sense. Firstly, I felt it was necessary for the preservation of my own sanity to present myself as a contently married man. I lived with this illusion for many months, maybe even years. Miss Dixon’s presence inadvertently exposed the emotional forgery that I muffled my libido in like bales of insulation. Submitting to the cajolement of a twenty-something seductress was counterproductive to any chance I had at salvaging whatever remained of my marriage. My second reason had more to do with Miss Dixon’s behavior on the few occasions where we actually exchanged words. In truth, she did most of the talking, while I babbled incoherently as if mouthful of cotton balls were lodged in my throat.
For motives yet unclear to me, Miss Dixon seemed inordinately fixated on tantalizing me with her sexuality. Aside from her suggestive style of dress, which usually showcased more tanned cleavage than a Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition, the woman had an intangible talent for scaling men’s marital barriers with flattery. Maybe it was just the bashful manner in which she tilted her head slightly to one side, or coiled her honeycomb-colored tresses around her index finger when she spoke. A delicate playfulness permeated her expression in almost every instance. She reminded me of a dexterous potter at work, using her velvety hands to mold her malleable creations in preparation for the kiln.
It didn’t require a seer’s foresight to predict that Miss Dixon would’ve concocted some excuse to delay me with small talk on this occasion. Even at a distance of ten paces, I smelled her lilac-scented loins perambulating toward me. Mischief churned like a vortex in her mint-green eyes. Despite my steadfast resistance, I felt my noble veneer evaporating from my mind like a shallow puddle evaporating in sunlight. She hardly needed to utter a word to secure my rapt attention.
“Hey, Mr. Cobbs,” she chimed like a nightingale. “You’re a hard fellow to track down, you know that?”
I wasn’t as nearly as elusive as I should’ve been in this instance. Against my purest efforts, I couldn’t abstain from stealing a quick view of her splendidly marketed breasts. I didn’t yet presume to know for whom she peddled her curvaceous wares to on this morning, but I was like a feasible buyer at a fruit stand. Rather than say anything unintelligible, I nodded my chin and offered a grin that was two sizes off from exuding confidence. But I’m inclined to believe that Miss Dixon nibbled on men’s insecurities with the same avidity as a rodent gnawed on delectable treats.
Before attempting to speak, I readied my throat like a rooster anticipating the break of dawn. I also assumed my most erect posture, and summoned a voice from within myself that I hoped conveyed a long-suppressed masculinity. “Good morning, Miss Dixon. Nice to see you.”
“It’s Hannah. You know that.”
“Of course,” I smirked, clumsily preening my shirt’s fabric to make certain that it wasn’t too wrinkled. “Well, good morning, Hannah,” I tried again, less robustly than my initial greeting.
Miss Dixon’s pink lips parted slightly, exposing a column of chiseled teeth that looked like an artisan’s marble opus. I suspected that this woman’s smile had already crumbled a thousand hearts into irrecoverable ruins. “So where have you been hiding yourself lately, Mr. Cobbs?” she asked, always mindful to monitor her tone’s breeziness.
“Nowhere in particular. I’m just keeping busy. You know how it is.”
“Yeah, trying to stay out of trouble, right?” she giggled.
“Something close to that.”
“What a shame.”
As it was with the tides of any storm, an undercurrent of sensuality always bubbled through Miss Dixon’s syllables. Most men yearned to bask in the froth of her undulating intonations, and here I stood like a sea green schoolboy without a life preserver in sight.
“Look, I don’t want to make you late for class or anything, but tomorrow after work a few of us in the history department are going to get together at Rounders for a drink or two. If you’re not too busy, maybe you should stop by.”
If I was fetching to get ensnared into a web of wantonness, this was a prime chance. And despite the warning signals flashing within my brain, I suddenly felt as vulnerable as Odysseus being lured by the Sirens’ songs. In my present state of mind, it would’ve been too easy to plunge headlong into this temptress’s fathomless gaze.
“You guys still go there, huh? It sounds like a good time,” I said.
“Sometimes it’s fun,” she remarked, while moistening her puckered bottom lip with her tongue. “Depends on who comes, you know what I mean?”
“I…I think I do.”
“So what do you say, Mr. Cobbs? You think you can squeeze me into your busy schedule? I promise not to keep you out all night. We wouldn’t want to worry your pretty wife anyway, would we?”
I cleared my throat nervously as Miss Dixon’s polished fingertips brushed over the fine hairs on my wrist. “I…I might be able to make it,” I stammered. By now, all of my preconceived composure sank like a torpedoed vessel into an abyss of idiocy. “In the event that I do go, Miss Dixon…I…I mean, H…Hannah, how late do you plan on staying?”
“As long as it takes.”
In spite of her youthfulness, Miss Dixon had already developed the cunning intuition of a beautiful woman twice her age. She looked at me like a doleful damsel, enticing me to accept her invitation even though it went against my prudent judgment. I assumed that no phrase resembling rejection ever crossed this nymph’s ear. My attempt to back away from this situation gracefully prolonged my embarrassment.
“Maybe we can get together another time. I really got to straighten out some personal business at home tonight. But I’m sure you’ll have more fun without me anyway.”
“You know, it’s good to get out once in awhile,” she said, intoxicating me with her mint-julep eyes. “If you’re worried about getting home too late, just tell your wife you’re grading papers or have a meeting. That’s what other husbands do.”
“It’s a little too complicated to explain right now.”
“Well, whatever it is, I’m convinced that people make time for the things they really want to do.”
“I’ll keep that in mind, Hannah,” I said.
“You know, Mr. Cobbs, just because you teach Greek tragedy doesn’t mean you have to live such a dreadful life.”
Perhaps Miss Dixon understood my dilemma better than she realized. At the moment I couldn’t think of anything remotely witty or productive to say to her. She left me standing in the hallway pondering the possibilities that awaited us if I ever became bold enough to accept her offer. I watched her sally away like a zestful breeze until a sharp turn in the hallway obstructed my view.
My thoughts centered on my wife as I headed down the stairwell. The bitter image of her having an affair with my best friend caused me to tremble uncontrollably. I simply couldn’t dislodge the evidence from my head. Did my wife truly have the audacity to sleep with Leon Chase in our own bedroom? Was it even possible to orchestrate such a lusty demonstration of deceit? I just unwillingly verified how swiftly a man could’ve been tempted into infidelity by an artful lover. In my view, Leon Chase was the Picasso of persuasion. If anyone could’ve inveigled his way into Rachel’s heart, then I suspected Leon was designed for the task. But as much as I wanted to fault him alone, no affair ever occurred with a sole participant. As hurtful as it was for me to grasp, Rachel was a betrayer in equal measure. Nothing damaged a person’s character more so than this sort of sordid violation. By any man’s account, the sickly notion of another lover seducing his wife devoured him as rapaciously as any cancer.
I intended to make it back to my classroom without further delay, but my relapsing episodes altered this objective. A soupy film of sweat gathered on my brow as I stepped out of the stairwell. Then I felt my legs shifting beneath my torso as if they had suddenly transformed into rubbery appendages. I staggered a few additional paces, before retreating to the nearest wall of lockers. I didn’t see anyone watching, but it wouldn’t have mattered at this point. The spell was already upon me. This hallway inconveniently served as my next station of unrest.



Chapter 14

7:17 A.M.


My eyes eventually adjusted to the backdrop of an azure sky that dispensed a temperate wind from a nearby sea. I welcomed this briny zephyr as it evaporated the perspiration from my skin. Where had I now spontaneously awakened? This was a hilly terrain illuminated in a torrid haze. The sun’s rays baked a limestone fortress that I now hunkered upon. After taking my stance upon a turreted wall of prodigious density and height, I gazed out across an inlet of water dappled with lustrous wavelets. Two rivers intersected into this estuary. Farther across a vegetated plain, dominating the southeastern horizon, I observed a mountain’s peak shadowing the golden landscape like the veil of an Olympian goddess. But it was not this topography by itself that engulfed my imagination with awe and wonder. The true marvel of this olden paradise resided directly beneath my feet.
Upon further observation, I determined that I now stood at the apex of ancient civilization’s most renowned and fortified battlement. The wall encapsulated a sand-colored city like Apollo’s encircled hands burrowing into the dunes. Columned temples, weathered by The Sun God’s emblem, escalated in flawless symmetry as far as I studied the inhabited metropolis. Bronze and marble statues of Aphrodite, Artemis, and Hermes served as tributes in this polytheistic safe haven. Here existed a domain where mortals and gods intermingled in a precarious exchange across the centuries. In favor to the human occupants living behind Troy’s colossal cordon, no assailant from this world or any other had ever breached its glorious infrastructure. But, of course, the Trojans had neglected to anticipate a destructive force fated to swarm across the Aegean Sea like a pestilence of unparalleled proportion.
This doomed city’s present mood revealed nothing to indicate any preparation for the legendary war. If anything, the olive-skinned denizens had an air of infallibility to their routines. I watched them lurching insouciantly along the labyrinth-like pathways, adorned in silken robes and tunics as if the gods had privileged them with an eternal sanctuary. Where were the bronze-armored Trojans with their quivers and bows? Why hadn’t the skilled sentinels assembled on the ramparts to keep a vigil for Achaean invaders? Surely, they must’ve sensed some unnatural rhythm in the ocean’s tides. After all, no man born to this epoch could’ve seized another man’s wife without an expectation of grave consequence.
Adding to my perplexity, I traveled along the populous byways virtually unnoticed. My contemporary attire must’ve intrigued the Trojans, but if this was the case, they made no reference to my meandering progress. I passed common dwellings and ornate shrines, each carved from bleached stone and bedecked with bronze embellishments, some of which had already oxidized into a pale shade of green. Horse-drawn chariots shared the dusty routes with the sandaled men, children, and women. The latter of these swathed their lean bodies in sheer fabrics as vibrant as the Aurora borealis.
Eventually, I ventured into some of the most guarded palaces of Troy, passing the horse tamers who were seemingly oblivious to my presence among them. It was as if I had suddenly donned Hades’ cap of invisibility. Through the mechanisms of my imagination, I approached a chamber where the Trojan’s stowed the pilfered princess of Sparta. Here, perched behind a spinner’s wheel, where she weaved lavender linen from a bowl of wool, the most beautiful woman in the world waited for my arrival.
The Muses had not inflated the comeliness of this feminine creation. Leda’s daughter appeared to have her true father’s Olympian blood flowing through her veins. Her visage was almost too stunning for a mortal man to forecast into words. As the poet and playwright Marlowe once wisely scripted, here was a countenance that wholly merited a thousand ships’ deployment. I approached the Bronze-Aged beauty as cautiously as I might’ve neared a porcelain relic. Her chamber held an aromatic scent of ambrosia, while her flesh was as white and unblemished as the marble in which she was first immortalized.
As I drew closer to this exquisite female, her midnight-colored eyes watched me with a sorrow I didn’t fully calculate. Even through this gloomy disposition, her physical attributes remained unmatched. The fair hair framing Helen’s face cascaded well beyond her shoulders in ringlets that rivaled the luster of the Ram’s Golden Fleece. At the risk of offending Aphrodite, who received the Apple of Discord from Helen’s abductor, this woman’s prettiness rivaled all who shared her sex, goddess-borne or otherwise.
 Helen of Troy observed me with tested eyes that penetrated the souls of countless suitors. She wore woe on her brow as the spinner’s wheel continued to rotate. She also donned a diaphanous robe trimmed with copper sashes. From my perspective, it was almost conceivable why the Prince of Troy had imperiled the life of every one of this city’s inhabitants in order to attain Helen’s love. When she finally spoke to me, her voice sounded as melodious as Apollo’s lyre; it soothed my eardrums with infinite splendor.
“What news have the gods delivered to me now?” she asked. She continued to use the spinner’s foot pedal to manipulate the fabric through the wheel’s mechanisms. Her task at hand seemed equally as important as anything I might’ve divulged. Then, without provocation, she stopped the wheel and spliced her loom’s purple threads with the impassive precision of Atropos.
“I don’t mean to intrude upon your weaving,” I said.
“State your purpose for this interruption,” she insisted.
“I believe I’ve come to see you, if you are indeed the most beautiful woman in the world.”
“Then you’re here by your own volition?”
Before I managed to respond to Helen, she rose from a bench behind the wheel, allowing the purple cloth to spill onto the floor and bundle around her unclad feet. I then noticed images of clashing Trojan and Achaean warriors woven into the fabric of this tapestry, depicting prophetic scenes of mayhem and slaughter.
“Mortal men aren’t motivated to visit me for mere conversation,” Helen announced. She stepped over the linen gingerly, gliding across the floor in almost a trance-like state before my eyes. I felt her soft fingertips tracing my nose and lips as if her vision alone couldn’t decipher my features.
“Tell me why you are clad so strangely?” she inquired.
“I come from a land very far away from here.”
“But you aren’t a Mycenaean or a Myrmidon?”
“I have no ties with either the Greeks or the Spartans. I hope that puts your suspicions at ease.”
“Only for the moment,” she uttered. Helen’s attention then drifted to the lone window in her chamber. A northeastern wind swept the hair back from her ivory shoulders; her swirling tresses reminded me of the amber prairies of my own homeland. I watched her survey the thus far tranquil Plain of Scamander with solemnity, perhaps foreseeing as much as Cassandra about the imminent destruction of this Anatolian city. Even during such reflective moments of despair, her loveliness shone with more scintillation than Hephaestus’s forged armors.
“This is a perilous time for any outsider to stray among us,” Helen warned. “But if you traversed the tides with Aeolus’s winds, then you already know what the Fates have foretold for Troy.”
Helen’s gaze centered upon her loom again, this time inviting me to inspect the patchwork of prophecies with the same poignancy as she. I neglected to respond to her, but instead looked at her loins with an unflinching lustfulness. She must have sensed me examining her body’s curves through the transparency of her silken garment.
“Menelaus is an unforgiving king,” she whispered. “I’m afraid that the Prince of Troy’s choice for companionship is a now a blight we all must share.” Helen shifted her stance again, this time facing me directly. “What is it that you wish to claim?”
“As I said, I’m here only to observe,” I reaffirmed.
“Your homeland cannot be so lenient with its people. They must expect some tribute for this visitation. Do you wish to take up arms and fight beside us?”
“I’m not a soldier.”
“In Troy,” she said, correctively, “every man agile enough to clasp a spear and shield is a servant to Ares.”
“But, in regard to what you forecast on that tapestry colored in death, I wish not to fight for either side. I’m a peaceful man.”
Helen still cast a stare at me laced with either disbelief or confusion. If any man of this classical world ever spoke as earnestly as I had just done, his own comrades would’ve ostracized him. But Helen’s onyx-shaded eyes honed in on me as if all other objects dissolved from the room. I sensed an intensity brewing in her expression as potent as anything conjured in Hecate’s book of magic. We had apparently reached a crossroad in our discourse, and Paris’s prize used this impasse to her advantage.
“Tell me something,” she started while raising her hands to the sashes of her gown. “Do you keep a wife back in your faraway land?”
“I do,” I answered obediently, but not so naively as to suspect that such a revelation would’ve protected me from her sultry encroachment. With the dexterity of a seamstress, she pulled the supporting ties on her frock, permitting the material to descend like a melting sheath of ice down the length of her loins. As all men must’ve mimicked before me, I looked upon her nakedness with fallible temptation.
Helen lowered her arms to her hips, but her palms faced forward rather than pressing against her thighs, making her look oddly vulnerable. I remained immobile, trying not to indulge in her erotic magnificence. “Are you certain that you’ve come here only to look at me?” she prodded.
“As I told you, I’m a married man,” I replied, swallowing a portion of my warm saliva.
“But you must have a concubine to tame your desire in your travels.”
“I am faithful to my wife.”
“What do you think of me?”
Surely, the fabled beauty of Troy didn’t need further confirmation of her unsurpassed perfection. But I felt obliged to answer her if only to verify that my restraint was not fastened to anything else but loyalty toward my wife. “You are everything that epitomizes womanhood. In fact, I’ve never encountered anyone as fair as you.”
Helen sidled closer to me. I sensed heat wafting off her flesh, almost daring me to absorb her essence against my own skin.
“Men have always lusted for me,” she said, unflinching in her mannerisms. “And yet you stand before me as if fettered to the floor. I detect rapture in your stare and a fluttering in your heart. If you covet what you see, why not take it?”
“There’s always consequences for taking what doesn’t belong to you, Helen,” I admonished. “You more than anyone can attest to that maxim.”
“The gods and heroes of my world mock such virtue,” she chided. “Act as Paris, Menelaus, or Theseus before them both. Why deprive yourself of carnal delight? Take me as your own for as long as I shall permit it.”
“I would only dishonor my wife by doing so.”
“What is a wife? I am a wife of a Spartan king, and Paris abandoned his own wife Oenone to lay with me. Are you so imprudent to believe that such ecstasy will revisit you without an expectation of something in return?”
Temptation swelled in my eyes’ pupils like the Aegean tide. But I knew that one delectable taste of her flesh on my tongue would’ve lured me to a wasteland occupied by far too many of my lascivious kind. With Herculean resolve, I managed to keep Helen and my libido at bay.
“Soon this grand city will be marked for slaughter and left in cinders,” she whispered in my ear. I felt her breath tickle my eardrum, but she made no direct contact against me with her mouth. “Why is it that women value a man’s opinion in order to ratify her prettiness? Even Aphrodite couldn’t ignore the charm of being gifted the Golden Apple. By the Love Goddess’s blessing, I am Paris’s reward, but not necessarily his alone. Now, for the last time, prove yourself worthy of my desire.”
Throughout the annals of antiquity, hoards of suitors in the form of kings and princes had tried to secure Helen’s love. Most of these men failed to partake in the pleasure she now openly extended to me. But my stance on this matter remained as impenetrable as Troy’s battlements.
“With respect to you, Helen of Troy, I must not accept this offer. You belong to another man, and I to another woman.”
“I belong to no man,” Helen seethed. “Do you think I wish to be thought of as a possession?  My sister Clytemnestra knows of such domination, too. Her husband Agamemnon has sacrificed their own daughter Iphigenia to Artemis at Aulis so that his warships can sail to Troy.”
Helen sensed my stare’s ardency diminishing as if I had been doused with cold water. After Helen was certain that I hadn’t intruded upon her territory as a means of seduction, she retrieved her garment from the floor and covered her nudity as if I had willed the cloth from her body.
“You haven’t been sent here by Hera or Athena,” she mused. “But it’s uncanny to think that you’d risk your life by coming here to stare upon me. What is it that you hope to achieve?”
“Maybe it’s more of a test on my part.”
“And this crucible is designed to make you a better man?” 
“Yes. I think that’s my intention.”
“I pray you will return to your wife with the same discipline you’ve displayed to me,” Helen commended. “I suspect that if more men followed your example, a great many wars would be averted.”
“Perhaps we’ve both learned something that the gods can’t teach us,” I returned.
“Tell me what that is?”
“All of us, men and women alike, lust for the unknown. It’s a quest that takes many of us to our own bitter ends. We’re not as virtuous as we like to feign. You’ve helped me understand how susceptible I am when confronting untamed passion.”
Helen nodded her head once and returned to her bench at the spinning wheel.
She took the linen in her hand before saying, “There’s still time for you to escape this city. Flee from here while the gods still look kindly upon your presence.”
I left Helen’s chamber as I found her, despondently stitching the Trojans’ future into the fabric at her feet. Upon reaching Troy’s wall again, my eyes connected with a skyline painted with Iris’s prisms of light. The horizon’s cohesion of colors belied the bloody carnage yet to blot this landscape. In this time, the heroes and haughty tales of two nations loomed everlastingly in the lore of classic mythology.



Chapter 15

7:20 A.M.


With the regularity of a scrupulous timekeeper, I regained consciousness at precisely three minutes from first staggering against the lockers. I hoped for an inconspicuous awakening, but I had collapsed to a bended knee at some point during my interlude from reality. At least this hallway remained mostly absent of interfering eyes. I noticed only two students glancing at me from near their lockers, but neither gave me more than a few seconds of poker-faced scrutiny. In an attempt to further conceal my present condition, I elevated to my feet slowly while extending a poised gesture toward the students to indicate stability.
This strategy was far from foolproof, for my vertigo remained potent enough to keep me leaning feebly against the wall for at least thirty seconds after I stood upright. Although comparatively brief to an outright episode, this lapse of time compromised my ability to return to my classroom without being intercepted by unsolicited company. Such a nuisance had already interrupted me once this morning, and judging by the escalating sound of his whistled mark upon a given scene, I suspected that he exerted himself to meet with me again.
The custodian must have already noticed my disheveled appearance before approaching with his broom and dustpan. The evidence of his thoroughness was unmistakable. I couldn’t detect as much as a discarded paperclip on the glossy floor where I waited unwillingly for his return. He evidently worked with continuous vigor. If my eyes served me justly, I had yet to see a janitor other than him in the school during the morning hours. Aside from his signature melody, I also distinguished the same peculiar odor as before. I still couldn’t assign an origin to this scent.
Rather than screen my disorientation from the custodian’s inspection, I remained stationary against the lockers until his broom nudged the tips of my shoes. Maybe I partly expected him to acknowledge my current frailty with some sort of contrived pity, but he continued to whistle Rachmaninoff’s tune cavalierly with no obvious regard for my welfare.
“Your timing is impeccable,” I said, sardonically. The custodian might’ve misconstrued my sarcasm, but at least I managed to temporarily stifle his melody. He then edged closer to my position, whimsically pirouetting around his broom’s handle as if engaged in a dance designed to vex me.
“When the school’s hallway starts looking like a practical spot to nap,” he started, “then you got to ask yourself if you’re getting enough sleep.”
My suspicions were now confirmed. This custodian had witnessed my latest blackout, and he seemed proficiently prepared to antagonize me. “Those dark circles under your eyes aren’t getting any lighter, Cobbs. Did I mention the old remedy with cucumbers?”
“Forget about the cucumbers,” I said, huffily. “If it’s okay with you—and even if it isn’t—I’d rather not talk about how crappy I look.”
The custodian squinted his eyes in an exaggerated manner before resorting to a bad John Wayne impression. “Whoa, take it easy, cowboy. You know, a lack of shuteye can make folks a tad terse. Is that what I’m a-hearin’, pilgrim?”
“Just drop it,” I said.
The custodian resumed his normal voice before continuing. “I’m only trying to keep this place spick-and-span. You know, not too many folks would admit as much, but I really like cleaning up the messes of other people. It keeps me grounded.”
I subdued an impulse to criticize this man because my other problems made his shtick sound banal in comparison. After all, I viewed his presence as nothing more irritating than a mild itch between my shoulder blades. Rather than entertain his anecdotes, I decided to sever the thread of conversation before becoming entwined by anymore of his hearsay. An anxious glance at my watch provided the cue for a hasty departure.
“I didn’t realize the time,” I bluffed. “Can’t be late for first period, right?”
The custodian’s lips lengthened into a synthetic smile, displaying teeth that matched the shade of a crisp sheet of notebook paper. As always, he looked at me as if he had already internalized my most guarded thoughts. “It might not be any of my business,” he remarked brashly, “but did you happen to notice the way that sexy, young vixen was ogling you a few minutes ago? She was gawking at you like a famished doe eyeing an apple tree.”
It shouldn’t have surprised me that the custodian had conveniently spied on my encounter with Miss Dixon. Naturally, I attempted to remain ignorant to his allegation. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Ah, come on, Cobbs. You don’t need to get all gentlemanly with me. We can chat like old friends.”
“But we’re not old friends,” I reminded him.
“Are you trying to hurt my feelings now?”
“Look, I don’t know what you think you saw, but Miss Dixon and I are strictly friends and colleagues, nothing more.” Even as I mouthed this defense, I sensed a sliver of indecision vibrating in my voice. The custodian honed in upon this fluctuation in tone as if I sounded like a mistuned violin.
“I’ve seen where such friendships can lead a fellow,” he said, deprecatingly.
“I don’t need to remind you that I’m a married guy, do I?”
“The ring on your finger unravels that yarn,” he remarked, motioning to my left hand. The tarnished gold band dangled loosely against my knuckle; this was yet another indication of my weight loss. “Don’t think I’m here to judge you, Cobbs. Heck, there’s plenty of pent up fellows bopping around this joint who’d give half their pensions and a plump sum of alimony to be in your shoes.”
Somehow I doubted the veracity of this claim. But at the moment I had neither the time nor tolerance to persuade this custodian to believe otherwise. It might’ve been wiser for me to simply walk away without imparting further suggestions, but I wanted to avoid any future conversations pertaining to this topic or any other that infringed upon my personal business.
“I don’t want this to turn into a big deal,” I started, “but you better be careful about making false accusations against people. Furthermore, I find what you’re implying offensive. Am I being clear?”
“Vividly,” he smirked. “Hey, I’m a good sport. We’ll play by your rules if it makes you feel any less guilty.”
“Guilty? Of what?”
He must’ve noticed me gnawing rapaciously on my bottom lip; it was an old habit that unconsciously surfaced when I became exasperated beyond words. “You don’t have to get all-uptight over this,” he resumed. “It’s not like I’m going to tell your wife that you have an occasional fantasy with a hot doxy in the hallway. After all, you can’t be green enough to believe that she doesn’t bend toward a few taboo thoughts of her own now and again. Do you get my drift?”
“I think you’ve been inhaling too much floor wax,” I said, realizing that the pungent and still unknown odor had intensified since I spoke with him earlier. The custodian currently held a broom and dustpan in his possession, which didn’t adequately explain the toxic smell in my mind. “Please, I just want you to leave me alone for the rest of today. Is that asking too much of a favor?”
The custodian nodded his chin compliantly while swiveling the broom against the lockers to sweep nothing visible into the pan in front of his work boots. “Pardon me for overstepping my boundaries again,” he murmured. “But if you really want to know the truth, I’m just watching your back, Cobbs. Frankly, I’m not one to gorge on gossip, but I’d be less than sincere with you if I claimed that there’s not folks in this building who feast on rumors like a pack of jackals on zebra scraps.”
“Well, let all of them eat until their bellies explode,” I stated robustly. “In fact, as pathetic as it might sound, I don’t have any secrets worth whispering about. They’re all going to be gravely disappointed when they find out how boring I really am.”

The custodian continued to maneuver his broom like a surgeon’s scalpel along the floor’s crevices, extracting dust molecules that only a highly trained veteran could’ve detected. Yet, despite my self-deprecating evaluation, his green eyes darkened a shade, reminding me of sunlight fading from a field of shamrocks. By some miracle, and for reasons that I couldn’t yet comprehend, he had an uncanny knack for transmitting his reservations to me without uttering a coherent syllable or expression. But, of course, this hardly prevented his lips from spouting like an active geyser at Yellowstone.
“My father once told me that a new broom sweeps clean,” he said, while fixating on the swath of his tool’s bristles. “That may be right on the mark, Cobbs, but who’s to say that an old broom can’t do an equally dandy job? Am I fingering all the right notes for you now, maestro?”
My disposition softened momentarily. In truth, I owned some culpability in this custodian’s reckless bid to befriend me. Because of my chronic passiveness, I allowed this man to swerve into an unchecked lane in my life that he had every intention to traffic. Now he felt entitled to tailgate me whenever the occasion called for it. If a practical escape route existed for me at this point, I’d have to proceed tactfully.
“I’m sorry if I seem a little testy this morning,” I said. “I guess you just caught me at an awkward moment. I thought I could make it through the day, but I’m not so sure now. My dizziness seems to be getting worse.”
“Hey, I’m no doctor, Cobbs, but a brainiac like you should know when it’s time to seek some medical help.”
“That’s already been taken care of. I’m just hoping to keep my sickness private right now. Is that understood?” The custodian halted his sweeping motion and mimed a zipper’s action by tracing his fingers vertically across his lips. “Then I can trust that you’ll keep quiet about this?”
“Don’t give two thoughts to it,” he assured me. I wanted to believe him, but a peculiar grin belied his pledge. He looked as wily as a feral cat with a fan of canary feathers poking out of its mouth.
“I hope I can trust you. There’s nothing more humiliating than being branded as the ‘sick guy at work.’ I don’t want anyone treating me differently.”
“They won’t get anything but mum stares from me, Cobbs.”
Nothing the custodian promised me instilled confidence, but I had very little time to haggle over his integrity at the moment. I managed to take five steps away from him before his leaky lips dripped out more information that I didn’t care to know about.

“Hey, before you go, I wanted to remind you about the fire drill later on,” he said. “Don’t forget—it’s Thursday.” I continued to stride up the corridor, purposely dodging the bait he cast in my direction. But a persistent lure-man rarely hooked his prey with a single effort. I suspected this custodian would’ve hurled chum into the channels until reeling me into his squalid craft of speculation.
“Go ahead and ignore me if you like, Cobbs,” he griped. “But I have a sneaky hunch that you’ll find a way to stroll by Lemus’s office.”
Rather than contradict the custodian’s conniving prediction, I increased my pace until I was well out of earshot from his voice. Of course, I had no disillusions that my method of avoidance would’ve sufficed for the rest of this day. At least my classroom provided an impermanent refuge from his company. I managed to get back there with still a few minutes remaining before first period.
A couple of students normally scuttled into my classroom five minutes early. Thankfully, they were late this morning. Even with a few moments of isolation preserved, I checked the hallway twice in both directions to make sure that the custodian wasn’t following me. The obligations of work then consumed my thoughts. For a teacher, there was no faster guarantee to sabotage a day than to come to class without a lesson plan. After nearly twenty years at the helm of a high school English class, I understood the impetus of most seventeen-year-old students. Literature rarely made their lists. For the most part, the majority of my charges weren’t even remotely intrigued by Shakespeare’s wordplay or the measured verse of iambic pentameter. Therefore, I had an unenviable task of selling classic prose and poetry to a crowd who would’ve rather lopped off their own ears than invest energy in the pages of a book.
I routinely started each lesson with a writing exercise, which in theory was designed to get my students into the classroom and working right away. My journal prompts were customarily written in the same location on the whiteboard. It was a standard practice of mine to somehow relate the material we studied with events that might’ve mattered to them. Since we were currently reading Homer’s epic poem, ‘The Iliad’, an essay on modern heroism seemed appropriate. For the journal entry today, however, I decided to create an exercise that matched my mood.
I then printed the following words in black dry-erase marker on the whiteboard: Do you feel most comfortable when following a routine? Are you more likely to settle on something you know, or would you rather take a chance on the unknown? What is the most unpredictable thing you’ve done in your life thus far? (5--10 lines)
Even before I finished writing this prompt, I pondered the impact of my notions. If I earnestly attempted to answer my own journal entry, what insight might have I discovered about myself? Perhaps the realization was too paralyzing to endure. Inevitably, my meandering ideas strayed to Rachel again. I wondered what she was doing at this very second. As much as it distressed me to deem her as an unfaithful wife, I couldn’t displace my bitterness. Maybe she was in bed, accompanied by the man who was once like a brother to me. Did she feel any sense of betrayal for her sordid deeds? Or had she already dismissed my emotions entirely? These were questions I needed to ask her now more than ever before.
I hunched behind my desk as if suddenly stricken by an arthritic spasm. This time I managed to avoid toppling to the floor before the onset of my spell became too arduous. Whatever I valued about my life before this morning had changed dramatically in the first few hours since I awakened. The dreams and knowledge of my past had transmuted into something infinitely more powerful. I couldn’t control these pulsations of creativity firing through my mind’s synapses in quicksilver succession. My actions now belonged to the places etched within my brain since childhood. As I closed my eyes to venture forth into yet another uncultivated region, memories of my own irrelevance reverberated against my temples. It sounded like the fading heartbeat of a dying man.



Chapter 16

7:27 A.M.


A repugnant whiff of cow dung wafted in a breeze all throughout a provincial town. I adapted to this setting as swiftly as the folks who paced pell mell toward a rather ordinary destination. Apparently, I had traversed upon a rural gala of some significance. The congregating yokels gazed upon this fete with bug-eyed anticipation. An enormous tent was pitched at the midway of a grassy meadow, providing a greeting point for those who may have refrained from such cordialities since the last celebration. A repulsive scent of animal droppings mixed nauseatingly with curdled milk, yet everyone seemed desensitized to this pervading stench. As a result, the festivities unfolded as methodically as a plough tilling a crop field.
I mingled quietly among the countrified populace, as any polite neighbor might’ve represented himself in public. No one bothered to question my intent, for the business at hand had little to do with my attendance. The gentlemen in company, by and large, wore frock coats, nankeen pantaloons, and beaver-skinned shoes. The finer ladies among the crowd were clad in frilly gowns and pale-colored smocks, while others brandished wicker baskets or parasols on their arms, depending on their perceived status in society. In my current attire, I had a faint hope of blending seamlessly among their ranks, but as I already mentioned, the order of this occasion didn’t include the drifting trek of a twenty-first century schoolteacher.
I had obviously interrupted this village on the grandest day in a calendar year. Aside from the innumerable bumpkins filing in from all ridges within the pasture and adjoining environs, I noticed an assortment of farm animals on display. Many of the townsfolk had stationed themselves around a string of makeshift corrals, ogling plump pigs and unshorn sheep as though they had never observed creatures of such handsome breeding before today. The prime livestock, which included stallions, mares, and cows, garnered the most impressive grins from the enamored onlookers.
Farther along the fairway I witnessed a young, shabbily attired boy clutching a rope nearly as thick as his wrists. Fortunately for this tatterdemalion, the hulking bull he had been assigned to tether offered no resistance. The ebony-skinned animal snorted stringy snot through an iron ring piercing its nostrils, but appeared otherwise inanimate upon my approach. Since this boy inspected me as curiously as I did him, I decided to ascertain my present location with his assistance.
“Hello,” I called to the ragamuffin. Not surprisingly, the child scoffed at my initial attempt to communicate with him. Since I risked nothing by extending this farmhand a few kind words, I proceeded in a tone adults often resorted to when placating a youngster.  “It’s a very fine afternoon for such an event, don’t you think?” I stated.
“If you say so, monsieur,” he muttered. Perhaps my boast was a bit hastily contrived; the boy’s soiled rags and skinned shins suggested that this bull hadn’t always maintained such a statuesque demeanor. On the other hand, a foul stink of fresh manure and swarming flies proved unsavory for even the most seasoned cowherds.
At the risk of exposing myself as an outsider or outright ignoramus, I asked my next question almost as if speaking out of my shirt’s sleeve. “Do you know the general location of this festival?”
Admittedly, my query must’ve sounded asinine to the boy. After all, how many people (minus those who’ve journeyed by way of dreams) managed to lose track of their whereabouts? The boy looked at me through circled eyes and forwarded an expression closely resembling a prelude to laughter. He then pointed his grubby index finger toward a stage aligned with lanterns. A few haughtily clothed gentlemen meandered about this area, summoning the spellbound attention of innumerous sycophants. Just beyond this platform, four columns were erected in front of an official building. Green banners with gold lettering fluttered at each of these posts’ peaks. The boy offered me a tentative grin before clarifying his direction by saying, “The Comice Agricole.”
I only required another moment to identify my inclusion at Yonville’s Annual Agricultural Fair. This community stirred with an ebullition seldom witnessed in France’s bucolic backdrop. The folks had taken uncommon measures to ensure that the local bureaucrats were not dissatisfied with their labors. The bourgeois hung garlands of ivy from the thresholds of visible structures, and tri-colored flags adorned the windows of most abodes. Of course, after the boy pointed out the town’s centerpiece, I sensed a profound urgency to make my way toward the council chamber.
The task of ambling through this hoard of hucksters was challenging even for the most brawny spectators in company. We progressed along the marshy ground as sluggishly as earthworms channeling the soil’s fecund entrails. As it turned out, I had accidentally attempted to plot a course through this crowd just as a balding councilor had commenced his grandiloquent speech. My eyes instinctively shifted toward a first floor window in the town hall. Sitting there, in barefaced view for anyone who dared to notice, a comely woman donning an emerald bonnet perched nearly knee-to-knee beside a dapper gentlemen. Unlike the majority of those who huddled beside one another with listless expressions, these two untrue attendees appeared grossly preoccupied with a tête-à-tête antithetical to Lieuvain’s pontifications.
Their visages were only scantly illuminated by a nick of sunlight slicing between the erected posts, but neither of them managed to elude identification by me. Even at the distance where I now stood, Emma Bovary’s amorous eyes shimmered with a glint of adventure uncommon to her kind. And why should she have shown affectations to the contrary? Stationed in near full shadow, voicing a calm serenade that yearned to be internalized by an impetuous woman, Rodolphe Boulanger dexterously laid the framework for their forthcoming affair. I didn’t need to witness the flirty entwinement of their fingertips, for that would have come after Monsieur Derozerays proclamation of prizewinners.
Rather than proceed toward the bantering pair in town hall, I directed my footsteps away from a scene that sickened my heart. It also scared me to consider that I was beginning to feel funnily at ease among the clumsy folks waiting in almost breathless wonderment for any semblance of recognition. Soon enough, an elderly woman with flesh as tanned as a horse’s hide, scuttled between lanes of people leading away from the stage. She appeared especially pleased by an award bestowed upon her from the speaker.
An exuberant bystander clarified my remembrance of this person. “What a glorious day it is for Catherine Leroux!” he bellowed.
Indeed, I thought to myself. The old lady had at last been recognized for over a half a century of farm work on the same land. Unquestionably, in her mind and others in this field, it was a silver medal well earned. Even in this supposedly simpler time, such devotion was not the norm. And yet when I stared more discerningly at the woman’s sun-splotched forehead and grooved cheeks, I wondered if a scrap of polished metal supplanted the dreams that she must’ve once envisioned for herself. A medal of any size certainly would not repress the romantic notions of Madame Bovary.
Had I not other endeavors in mind, I might’ve persuaded the weathered crone to pitch a few sketches of her life’s artistry to me. The relevant target in my line of sight, however, remained as stagnant as a spiny weed in a knoll of bluegrass. I didn’t even have to resort to elbowing my way through the crowd to approach this fellow, for he had taken a position on a bench upwind from a herd of flatulent cattle. He squatted alone on a carpenter’s plank, watching with eyes as sightless as a newborn calf. What he fixated upon was anyone’s guess, but I imagined it was nothing beyond the limitations of the objects set right beneath his pinched nostrils.
Charles Bovary wasn’t a corrupt man, unless utter ineptitude rated as a criminal infraction. Sadly, here sat an affable fellow who epitomized incompetence, and remained hopelessly oblivious to all matters essential to a prosperous existence. Yet, despite his defects of judgment, he had acquired at least some short-lived credibility as a country doctor. But in his mind, I suspected Charles secretly reconciled that he was no more a practitioner of medicine than his wife was a visionary of undecorated requirements. From what I knew of this dullard’s habits, he lacked an aptitude for rudimentary foresight, or any sight for that matter. Even before I faced Charles for the first time, I felt a fervent desire to grab him by his drab collar and manually crane his neck towards the council chamber’s window. Would he have even noticed his wife’s adultery unfurling like a cow’s parched tongue before his eyes?
I modestly took a seat on the bench beside Charles without instigating a single flinch from his sheepish mug. He appeared to focus insipidly upon the gnats teeming in a jittery mist around his hands and forearms, while extending no effort to acknowledge my intrusion. I literally bent close enough to this dolt so that these insects flitted between us with no measurable distance. If I hoped to lure Charles into any meaningful interaction, then I’d have to provoke him more bluntly.
“Hello, monsieur,” I said, feigning my unawareness of the fetid cow manure smothering anything faintly aromatic in the breeze. My next statement to Charles reeked almost as terribly as the dung. “I’ve never been to such a grand fair with so many interesting people.” Charles had about as much a chance of distinguishing my sarcasm as he did at winning an award for being France’s most accomplished apothecary.
With a dimwitted jauntiness, Charles shifted in his hunched posture and blotted a dollop of perspiration from his scalp with a handkerchief. His eyeballs appeared to be varnished by an opaque lacquer; I suspected that not even the most stringent solvents could’ve dissolved such haziness from his countenance.
“I can’t recall a better stretch of sunshine,” he declared while tilting his face directly toward the sun’s rays. Unlike many of the men here, Charles wore no hat upon his head to protect the pinkish skin spaced between his temples.
“I didn’t mean to interrupt your meditation,” I said, “but I had a sudden urge to sit down when I noticed an empty spot on this bench beside you.”
Charles nodded contritely before saying, “You’re more than welcome to it, monsieur. I’m certain that there are other gentlemen here today who’ve happily conceded to their wives’ wanderings. My own darling is milling about as we speak.”
“So you’ve come to this fair with your wife?” I asked, angling my face toward the indigo sky, but my eyes zeroed in on the council chamber’s window. Charles was not nearly astute enough to follow my gaze to his wife’s idealized antics. He eventually settled on the obvious observation that I was new in town.
“I don’t recall ever seeing you in Yonville,” he speculated.
“You wouldn’t have seen me here before today,” I returned.
I anticipated a formal salutation from the health examiner at this point, and Charles remained as conventional as a cock’s crow at daybreak. He extended a flaccid, moist palm that seemed far too rickety to belong to anyone who manipulated medical apparatus for his bread and cheese. In the manner of proper etiquette, I accepted a handshake from him that felt as slimy as a pig’s snout. He then hastily announced his name with a jumbled arrangement of syllables, revealing a trace of irresolution that most likely haunted him since his youthful days at prep school.
Despite Monsieur Bovary’s inadequacies of common sense and fortitude, which I readily surmised before making his acquaintance, I introduced myself with a less than ingenuous purpose for my future plans.
“If it’s a respite you’re in search of,” Charles said with the gaiety of an untested schoolboy, “then I couldn’t recommend I finer retreat than our little hamlet. If there are any finer or more candid people in the countryside, I wouldn’t presume to know where to seek them out.”
My eyes once again pivoted toward town hall, hoping in vain that Charles’s vapid stare mimicked the reflex. “From what I’ve watched thus far,” I harmonized, “the folks are especially friendly.”
“We gladly exist without pretentiousness here, Monsieur Cobbs,” he said, while simultaneously nibbling on a hangnail on his left pinkie. “Oh, we may lack the niceties of city folk, but it’s by design rather than default. Rest assured, a country gentleman can secure himself a dutiful wife and live out his years in complete contentment. I’m living proof of such a boast.”
Charles was living, perhaps, but hardly in the manner in which he envisioned. However, since he willfully retrieved his blind notions of fidelity within his marriage, I decided to overtly sway our conversation in this direction.
“Being a married man myself, I haven’t given much consideration to finding companionship here,” I said. “But I can imagine that a man in your position wouldn’t be short of prospects, if it ever came to that.” My mocking insinuation, of course, was intended to foster a reaction from this passionless physician.
“I’m afraid there’s only one lady for me in all of France,” he gushed. “In truth, Emma and I are quite privileged to have found one another. I’m sure the Fates have spun a thread that has no end as far as our marriage goes.”
If it was truly feasible to be as torpid in spirit as it was in intellect, then I suspected Charles managed to illustrate this picture. How could he simply ignore or misinterpret his wife’s forlorn sighs? She cast words of disenchantment toward him like musket balls against his forehead, but he never flinched. The boor was nothing special to look at, and judging by his wife’s account, he bordered on repulsive. At every turn and glance, Emma Bovary sought the image of a lover that her husband was least capable of replicating. Moreover, the futility to transform this clod into something other than what he was caused resentment to swell within her like a boil in dire need of lancing. Charles might have had studied enough journals to mend a few superficial wounds (discounting anything requiring a surgical procedure), but he had no instrument in his medical bag to dissect his wife’s heartache. In this way, I couldn’t perceive this visitation as beneficial to my own marital woes, but yet I elected to share my history with Charles as if I had known the man all my life.
“Unlike you, Monsieur Bovary, my wife didn’t accompany me to this fair today. As a matter of fact, she recommended that I take this trip alone.”
Charles patted his handkerchief at the sweat bubbling on his cheeks like gobs of hot grease on a skillet. “I can’t claim to know your situation very well,” he offered, “but it sounds to me as if you’ve had a spat with her. Once a woman gets it in her head that you’re inferior by nature, it’s best to let her make the choices.”
“That’s practical advice,” I goaded him. “And coming from such a reputed doctor as yourself, I’d guess you’d have superior knowledge of these things.”
“Well, in terms of experience with the nuptial day, I do have one more in my past than any man deserves,” Charles admitted fretfully. “I was formerly wedded to another woman. My mother thought she’d make a proper companion, but compatibility between spouses cannot be underestimated.”
“So what happened to your first wife?”
“Oh, unfortunately, Heloise died quite suddenly. But I’ve gained insight by recognizing that all events occur for a purpose. I now trust that marriages are like fences, Monsieur Cobbs. With daily diligence, the posts and slats must be mended to stabilize the homestead.”
“It must give you extreme confidence to know that your wife cleaves to you so ardently,” I said, trying to stifle an inappropriate chuckle. This hapless fellow, of course, had about as much aptitude for “repairing fences” as he did at curing Hippolyte of his clubfoot.
Upon hearing my bogus proclamation, Charles puffed out his chest. He looked as if he was suddenly inflated with of all the Greek heroes’ hubris combined. But it wouldn’t have taken anything sharper than a stitching needle to pierce this faux bravado.
“I must be honest,” Charles then confessed. “I dispense no fail-safe ointments or elixirs to credit my uncanny fortune when it comes to my connubial life. I suppose a dedicated partner isn’t so easily obtained, even for the best among us.”
The feeble-minded doctor’s face flushed with a pink hue in the sunlight, reminding me of a hog’s belly. By now, I nearly had to sit on my own hands to prevent myself from pointing directly to the window where Madame Bovary surreptitiously splintered the paddock surrounding her domestication. Charles’s banality even surpassed what I believed was humanly achievable. If another man ever lived who lacked a sliver of creative ingenuity, then I gathered that he’d be equally aghast to witness this buffoon in action.
“Let me ask you something, Monsieur Cobbs,” he continued with the voice of a sapient scholar. “If you find this question too personal, please excuse me for presenting it so bluntly.”
“I’m listening.”
“Do you love your wife?”
“More than I ever presumed possible.”
“And I assume you convey those words to her frequently?”
“Maybe not as much as I should. What ways do you show your affection toward your wife, Monsieur Bovary?”
“Why not indulge her extravagances?” he suggested. “Permit her to go to market and purchase a few toiletries and feminine trinkets, or maybe a frock so that she may look pretty in a mirror. This occupies a woman’s fancy for most hours of the day.”
“It seems like it must be more complicated than that.” If spending money was a safeguard against marital erosion, then where did that render the men whose pockets were stuffed with more lint than loot? My next statement might’ve deflated some of the false dignity from Charles’s lungs. “I now have an indelicate question of my own. How much money does your wife go through in a given month?”
The apathetic apothecary prescribed no immediate reply to remedy my interest in his savings, albeit an artificial one. He instead entwined his fingers across his lap and twiddled his thumbs like a petulant child. Although I wanted to despise him for his unforgivable naivety, he expressed a genuine compassion for my plight. This reminded me of his inherent goodness, and perhaps merited him a hint of sympathy after all.
“I wish my wife was as simple to appease as your own, Monsieur Bovary. But I’m afraid I have more serious issues to contend with. It’s not going to be easy to return to her and just forget everything that’s happened.”
Even a man as utterly infertile of imagination as Charles must have recognized the sordid suggestion in my tone. But once again, the country simpleton proved that his legacy of ineptitude was well earned. “What has she done to make you so hesitant to go back home?” he inquired thoughtlessly.
I stalled momentarily, weighing the anguish of my words on a scale never utilized until this moment. “I’m certain she’s betrayed me,” I sighed.
“In what manner?”
“In the manner that matters most,” I returned. “All apparent signs point to her unfaithfulness.” The physician’s ruddy flesh instantly lost its natural color as he pondered my assertion. I now detected pity etching into his unremarkable gaze. At least I managed to summon a degree of vitality in a fellow I deemed only marginally more animated than a corpse.
Charles swallowed several bullets of saliva forming on his upper lip as he proffered his next bit of wisdom. “You mustn’t be so hasty with such vulgar allegations,” he admonished. “After all, eyesight is sometimes a fallible instrument, Monsieur Cobbs. We don’t always see things as they really are.”
“Is that so?” I chimed.
“Indeed. It could very well be that your wife has acquired some platonic friendships, as women often do when their husbands occupy themselves away from home. I mean, as men we know how much we crave communications with the fairer sex. But you should find comfort in the fact that it’s your bed pillow where she lays her head each evening.”
“So are you saying that I should ignore the evidence that verifies her adultery?”
“Evidence can be as inconclusive as eyesight,” he persisted. While speaking on this issue, Charles deemed it necessary to fan himself with his frock coat’s mulch-colored lapels. “If I was in your position, and thankfully I’m not, I’d go back home and live your life with the untainted knowledge that your wife loves you as much as you care for her.”
“And not even mention my suspicions?”
“That depends,” replied the imbecile. “If you love her, and based on what you’ve told me I can’t conclude otherwise, then why would you jeopardize the linkage of trust that still binds your marriage? Have you considered the ramifications if you falsely incriminate her?”
“I have no doubt that I’m right.”
“When did you anticipate that she might be capable of such an unscrupulous offense?”
“I don’t know. Does anyone really suspect his spouse of cheating before the act actually occurs? It’s only in hindsight that we recognize our stupidity.”
My response caused Charles to defer his next question, if only to feign his comprehension of my two-sided statement. I, of course, already owned half of it, while he unwittingly inherited the other portion. “I didn’t want to believe that my wife could ever be untrue,” I continued, “but maybe I respected her far more than she deserved. Then again, can I fairly lay all the blame on her?”
“If what you allege is accurate, how are you at fault?”
“Well, when I married Rachel, I talked about doing all these adventurous and exotic things such as attending art museums, sharing international cuisine, traveling the Orient, studying new languages, and basically living an extraordinarily pretentious life. My plan was all pie in the sky, but it flopped like a cake left baking in the oven too long. Secretly, I might’ve been just as content traipsing to the county fair, as long as she was at my side.”
“It does sound like a fantasy realm you’ve concocted for her,” he said. “This story only serves to support the importance of finding more pastoral pleasures to occupy your time. Gratefully, my wife has no such romantic notions teeming in her veins.”
“But how can you be absolutely certain of her motivations, Monsieur Bovary?”
“What an odd question,” he quavered. “Every married man should know his wife as well as the flipside of his own hand. Besides, I have visual proof to confirm Emma’s devotion to me.”
“Then please share it.”
“It’s a rather simple method that any man should be able to do. When I’m staring closely at her eyes, I see my own reflection in her pupils. Therefore, I can presume she must discern the same thing when looking at me. Obviously, we have a natural bond that filters out any silly, farfetched imaginings.”
Charles cleared his throat as if it was lodged with a clump of wet horsehair. He then began to look around the crowd, presumably scanning for his preoccupied wife. “I do hope she gets back soon,” he muttered. “They’re having a fine presentation of fireworks tonight. It wouldn’t be very entertaining to watch them alone.”
As I looked at Charles Bovary I hoped he understood that my shortcomings weren’t so very different from his own. But it was an uncontestable truth that this indolent man lacked the foresight to see beyond his own reflection. Therefore, it already seemed predestined that his demise was as inevitable as a cluster of weeds in an unkempt garden.
I stood up from the bench just as unpredictably as I had joined him, but Charles hardly noticed my departure. There was no need for me to share any further discourse with this fellow. Besides, the pong in the air had already surpassed an intolerable level. As I paced away from this doomed doctor, he occasionally swiveled his head to search the fairground for his unchaste treasure. At least he wouldn’t have to watch the fireworks by himself tonight. Maybe relationships should’ve been savored in such tiny measures, because the larger portion of any man’s life typically promised varying degrees of grief. Soon enough, Charles Bovary would’ve unlocked his wife’s rosewood desk, inadvertently exposing the secret source of his sorrow.



Chapter 17

7:30 A.M.


At Ravendale High School, an oscillating tone served as the signal to change classes. Like most obsolete terminology volleyed between schools, the proverbial bell was merely a misnomer. On this occasion, the buzzing alarm startled me from my episode, impelling me to resume consciousness before my students lurched into the classroom for first period’s lesson. I managed to prop my head up off my desk before they trod sluggishly to their assigned desks. Luckily, my prior spell went unnoticed by them, but then again, most early-rising teenagers would’ve been oblivious if an inflamed Mack truck careened through the courtyard’s windows.
As was so often the case, the majority of these torpid teens neglected to carry a notebook or a writing utensil, but every bugger right down to the last one who schlepped through the door had an electronic gadget affixed to a jean pocket or purse. Be it a cell-phone or a musical device unknown to the likes of my generation, this crew of digitally enslaved learners bopped along the corridors with a capricious vibration. I don’t know precisely when I became so disconnected from today’s regurgitated byproduct of angst and rebellion, but their groove already seemed as worn out as one of my old vinyl record albums.
A few of my mutinous charges relied on some scurvy habits from the first day of school. These nonconformists enjoyed testing the rules on a regular basis by lingering outside the classroom until well after everyone else was seated. No punishment, short of being condemned to the inhospitable end of a firing squad, seemed to dissuade these hardheaded loiters. This morning, one such example lumbered to his desk at the back of the room with all the finesse of a malfunctioning bulldozer.
Mitch Dalton, the school’s jock-of-all-grades, may have looked as formidable as any earthmoving machinery, but I suspected that every morsel of muscle added to this boy’s physique somehow reduced his desire to learn anything unassociated with obtaining a football scholarship. He had already learned that the game off the field catered unconditionally to his habits. Mitch was neither the best nor biggest athlete to ever congest the passageways of this high school, but he showed just enough potential on the gridiron to lead the Renegades, (the school’s mascot), to their first winning record in nine seasons. Naturally, Mitch felt entitled to some recognition from a few college scouts, and his coaches helped burnish his character’s unseemly edges whenever manageable.
My main problem with Mitch wasn’t his indifference toward literature. If I held a personal grudge against every student who refused to read in high school, there wouldn’t be hardly anyone left to detest. But I observed two significant changes in this young man since he entered my classroom in the fall semester. Firstly, he seemed disproportionately bloated of late, almost as if he glued tubes of water to his already sinewy shoulders, biceps, and abdomen. Secondly, and far more disturbingly, I noticed him relenting to a series of involuntary mood swings that sometimes turned volatile. His pimpled forehead and upper chest added to my suspicion that he was ingesting some type of anabolic steroids. At present, this was only a conjecture on my part, and I lacked the gumption to forward it to the attention of anyone for further scrutiny.
Before I even stood up from my desk to start class, Mitch exercised his obnoxiousness with the same consistency as he worked a weight machine. He taunted a few students, but his repartee was seldom belittling or caustic. I presumed he viewed himself as sure-handed with the female students as when handling a football. But I also suspected that some of his classmates, such as the girl he blatantly flirted with on this occasion, rated his antics as nothing more captivating than a dull child’s imagination. Of course, he couldn’t have selected a more unattainable prospect than the aptly named Prudence Lane. Even the suave-minded boys in class failed to negotiate a reliable way to inveigle this young lady in conversation. Mitch demonstrated all the smoothness of a gravel path as he leaned over Prudence’s desk and flexed a vein-corded bicep in her face.
“I just benched three fifty last night,” he said, straining to smile through clenched teeth. Another less guileful girl might’ve gushed at this sort of unsolicited attention from a popular athlete, but Prudence had already iced the egos of a handful of hotshots this year. Despite a pair of oversized glasses masking a good portion of her face, Prudence’s organic prettiness couldn’t be entirely veiled behind a librarian’s facade. She also possessed a sardonic wit that barely needed beckoning when deflating overblown braggarts such as Mitch Dalton.
“Oh, you’re such a buff guy,” Prudence sighed while batting her eyelashes in rapid succession. “Your doctor must’ve prescribed some very nutritious pills for you in order to grow muscles so big.” She laced her words with enough sarcasm to knot up a locker room full of cleats, yet Mitch’s limited intellect couldn’t untie a single syllable of her mockery. For the sake of both students, I decided to step between them in case he interpreted her snub.
“Running a little late this morning, Mitch?” I asked in my teacher’s voice, which was typically two decibels deeper than my natural tone.
“Hey, Mr. Cobbs,” he answered, still relying on his brawn as a means to manufacture an excuse for his tardiness. “My coach was talkin’ to me. You know, scholarship stuff or something.”
“Why don’t you just sit down now,” I advised. “Oh, I almost forgot. I glanced through the assigned essays on heroism and I don’t recall seeing your name on any of the papers. Do you plan on doing it?”
“What are you talkin’ about? I handed that thing in last week. You must’ve lost it, so I ain’t writing it over.”
A common excuse, and potentially the blandest one ever invented by a kid neglecting to complete his homework, was to blame the teacher for any missing assignment. Because I routinely collected between twenty and thirty papers per period, it was conceivable that I misplaced a student’s work on occasion. But I knew Mitch’s zeal for producing anything more than a few hastily scribbled lines was far inferior to most college hopefuls. When he managed to scratch out a paragraph from time to time, it resembled something more suitable for the lining of a birdcage than an educator’s perusal.
It amazed and appalled me that Mitch managed to advance to his final year in high school with the writing ability of a fourth grader. Ultimately, because of his skill on the football field, he was ushered briskly through the system. In the end, teachers such as me were discreetly encouraged to ignore his deficiencies, and then ironically censured for granting a promotion. Rather than challenge Mitch’s veracity in front of the class, I decided to stockpile my ammunition for a later skirmish. When it became irrefutable to Mitch that he had about as much of a chance enticing Prudence with his physique as he did at winning a National Spelling Bee, he proceeded to the back of the classroom.
Mitch was not the only straggler to find his place belatedly on this morning. A couple others skulked through the door a full two minutes after the bell sounded. At this hour, my twenty-two assembled students looked like a hoard of dispatched zombies from a horror film by George Romero. The last pupil to arrive, however, was a somewhat surprising addition to the laggards. Aaron Mann normally hustled to class with the punctuality of a recruit in boot camp. He marched regularly with the cadence of a solider on parade, and anyone who ever talked to this boy would’ve verified that his discipline in most circumstances aligned with military standards.
Today, however, something was amiss in Aaron’s stride. His gait seemed as labored as if weighted down by iron shoes. He dressed as he always appeared—loose fitting blue jeans and an earth-toned tee shirt emblazoned with the logo from the United States Marine Corps. But his posture was noticeably leaden, and rather than offer an explanation for his delay, he modestly slunk into a desk in the room’s corner and lowered his shaved head between the folds of his forearms.
Instead of addressing my concern for Aaron’s current disposition, I moved toward the whiteboard and snatched a single dry-erase marker from its tray. I then printed two words in quotations at the center of the board beneath my journal entry. “The Iliad” spawned little or no reaction from its intended audience. Although we had been studying Homer’s epic poem on the Trojan War for close to two weeks, I suspected the title was Greek to them in more ways than I anticipated.
Before I even introduced my lesson, pockets of irksome prattle began to mix between the rows. “Okay,” I started, projecting my voice loudly enough to infiltrate the disturbance. “Yesterday, for homework, I asked you to read pages 240—256 in your anthologies…”
“In our what?” a chorus of dumfounded voices interrupted disharmoniously.
I then pointed to a lavender-colored textbook on my desktop, while barely managing to stifle an urge to scream. “Textbooks,” I continued acerbically, “You know, the big purple book with all the prose and poems in it that no one in here ever bothers to read, otherwise known as our literature anthology.”
“Ohhh, that’s what it’s called,” several dolts chimed with no humility.
“Well, how many of you have done the reading?”
Should I have been startled that not a sole senior bothered to respond to my inquiry? Maybe I should’ve just stayed in bed and listened to the loons all day. As it now stood, nearly two-dozen kids hunched at their desks like the descendants of Quasimodo. From these lackluster ranks, one boy eventually raised his hand to indicate that he wasn’t seeking sanctuary from the lesson. In the realm of teaching, one participant out of more than twenty was nothing to celebrate.
“Excellent,” I said, continuing with my overt sarcasm. “So Aaron’s the only one who read the assignment last night?” My second request was greeted with a protracted silence. If I dared to lecture them on the necessity of reading in order to thrive in an English class, the whole lot of them might’ve gone into something equivalent to insulin shock. Besides, I had voiced my opinion on this obvious point more times than I cared to recite. Additionally, another distraction at the center of the classroom preempted my cautionary rhetoric. Emily Lee liked to chew gum in the same uncouth manner that a milking cow chomped on spring grass. Her nervous habit was usually tolerable when other matters didn’t irritate my mood. Unfortunately for Emily, my ears seemed unduly tuned to her snapping bubbles and slavering jaw on this occasion. Adding to my fretfulness, she adopted a rude practice of applying makeup to her over-medicated face whenever an impulse compelled her to do so. As might have been expected, she presently appeared more readied for a cosmetics convention than a seminar on classic mythology.
Years ago, I might’ve lashed out at her like a whip against a bull’s hide, but experience had a way of alleviating a teacher’s tantrums. Moreover, if I corrected Emily on her insufferable obsession, I’d then have to tackle every other breach of etiquette visible within the classroom. Students didn’t mind being disciplined nearly half as much as they loathed being criticized among their friends. I therefore proceeded with the course of my class, faking my obliviousness to their numerous infractions almost as badly as they pretended to internalize a single utterance from me.
“Okay…remembering what we learned yesterday about Achilles, he knew his fate before the war started. His mother Thetis informed her son that he would have glory, but a short life. My question to the class is this: if you knew for certain that you were going to die in a war, would you do it willingly in exchange for fame?”
I once believed that periods of silence in a classroom were conducive to reflective thought, but I’ve since concluded that the impulsive nature of high school students compelled them to respond to questions they knew (or thought they knew) with the rapidity of a machine gun. Since the majority of my class stationed before me like mounds of stagnant mud, it was safe to assume that they had either ignored or refused to deliberate the proposed choice. Only Aaron’s hand lifted like a white flag across a battlefield’s routed flank. Rather than permit Aaron to serve as a solitary lifeline to a torpedoed crew, I called upon those who appeared most content to submerge into the depths of apathy.
I initially selected a boy who wasted the larger portion of each period doodling Japanese anime on his desktop. It wasn’t my intention to embarrass Markus Barnes, for I still reserved a fleeting hope that he was capable of surprising me with his artistic pursuits someday.
“Markus,” I called out to him, “what’s your opinion on this topic?”
Markus’s pencil stopped wiggling in his hand long enough for him to mumble, “To be honest, Mr. Cobbs, I wasn’t really listening.”
I progressed between the aisles to challenge another couple of equally droopy-eyed students, before conceding to an indisputable fact that Aaron represented my last retreat for validation. He momentarily shed his dourness to submit a pithy statement.
“Achilles was born a hero,” he said. “Heroes need to be revered.”
I purposely paused to permit Aaron’s classmates to savor those concise words; sometimes the profoundest notions were conveyed in such simplistic terms. In this case, the voice of a soldier-to-be spawned a molecule of vitality into his limp classmates’ limbs. I attempted to capitalize on this glimpse of enthusiasm by shifting back to the whiteboard and writing the word ‘REVERE’ in uppercase red letters.
“Excellent,” I said, directing my praise at the only student who merited it. “Maybe that’s the flaw of every hero. In this poem, it’s just not enough for Achilles to simply be remembered. He must also be revered.” My hand then slapped the whiteboard for emphasis.
Again, I delayed my lecture, praying that something tangible germinated in their unfertilized brains. Finally, a hand other than Aaron’s rose from this sea of humpbacked mammals. A glimmer of promise forwarded from a bantam voice, a squeakiness seldom deciphered in the channels of this or any classroom. This was a meek-mouthed girl named Heather Carter. She spoke less frequently than a mime with laryngitis. But today, a curtain of cobwebs fluttered from her parted lips.
“So it’s like this Achilles guy actually gets a rush from fighting?” she questioned.
“In part, that’s true, Heather,” I replied, encouraging her to elaborate by revolving my hands.
“Kind of like a drug,” Mitch piped in from the back of the room.
“Okay,” I returned compliantly, “let’s call it a drug of sorts. Can fighting in a war provide such an overpowering sensation for somebody?”
Emily pinched her strawberry flavored wad of bubblegum between her index finger and thumb before asking, “Was this Greek hero high or something?”
A predictable round of giggles followed Emily’s statement, but this short-lived mirth was far more encouraging than listening to a dropped pen or persistent chorus of sniffles. Some of the kids even managed to prop their heads up to wipe gobs of drool away from their unhinged jaws. At least they hadn’t dozed off again, and this in itself was a foundation worth building upon. I hastily wrote another word on the board, hoping to trigger additional inquires. After pronouncing the new word’s syllables silently, Heather presented another question in the span of twenty seconds; by my estimations, this was a new record for her. “What does hu-bris mean?”
“Does anyone want to take a shot at this one?” I said.
“I think it’s related to adrenaline or something biological like that,” Prudence tried tentatively.
“Is Prudence right, class?” Only Aaron’s chin pivoted from side to side, but I didn’t want him to bail the others out of the muck so soon again. “Come on,” I goaded them all, “what is hubris?”
“Is it like courage?” Markus offered reluctantly.
“Good. It is very much like courage, Markus, only to an extreme and always coupled with something less desirable. Can anyone tell me what that might be?”
At this point Aaron didn’t feel a need for me to call directly upon him again. He aimed to provide the correct answer without further prodding. “It’s pride,” he said, just as succinctly as his previous response. After ten or twelve heads swiveled toward him for clarification, and then back to me for ratification, Aaron finished his textbook definition from memory. “It’s a Greek word, meaning extreme pride or arrogance. Heroes, such as Achilles, had too much hubris. It usually caused the hero’s downfall.”
For a change, I couldn’t have explained the definition any better than Aaron. My nod of approval provided me with the confidence to continue. “Let’s think about what Aaron told us for a second,” I said, retreating to the board to underscore the word with my marker. “We often think of pride as a noble characteristic, and to a degree this might be true. But when does pride turn into arrogance? Or, more to the point, is pride just a synonym for arrogance?”
“What’s wrong with being proud about what you do?” Mitch questioned rhetorically. I sensed a dissension in his voice that didn’t surface very often; this was an omen of progress in my mind. “If you’re really great at something, why is it bad to show it, Mr. Cobbs?”
“That’s a fair question. Most people call this confidence.” I directed the rest of my statement at the entire class. “I bet it’s a trait your parents, coaches, and teachers have ingrained in your heads since you were little kids. So let’s use Achilles as an example to contrast the difference between confidence and arrogance.”
 I sensed a collective groan surging among my restless captives, so I had to be quick to the point. “Okay, so let’s examine Achilles’ rage, especially in his climatic battle with Hector, the Trojan prince. It didn’t satisfy Achilles’ when he slaughtered Hector on the battlefield. Achilles wanted more. He needed to desecrate and dishonor the memory of his adversary by dragging Hector’s lifeless, naked corpse behind his chariot around the walls of Troy.”
“But he deserved it,” Aaron indicated, no longer bowing his head on his desk. “Hector killed Patroclus. Achilles vowed to get even for his friend’s death.”
“And so he did,” I concurred. “But the crux here is not whether or not Achilles was justified in avenging Patroclus’s death, but to debate the extreme level of disrespect he showed Hector’s body after he already died. When did Achilles’ bid for revenge become, for the purposes of our discussion, more of an exhibition of boastfulness?”
Aaron’s expression soured, and I watched his already narrow eyes tightening as if he squinted into direct sunlight. My words vexed him at some level I hadn’t fully calculated. His classmates were content to accept the concept as I explained it, but Aaron hadn’t come in here today without a hint of moxie hibernating behind his brow.
“Let me ask you something, Mr. Cobbs,” he persisted. “Do you think Achilles was wrong for going to war against the Trojans?”
“I won’t say he was completely unjustified, but I will say that he could’ve just as easily walked away, with his reputation intact. Of course, we might not be talking about him as an epic hero right now if he opted out, and Homer’s poem certainly would’ve missed out on an exciting turn of events.”
“There’s no rules in war,” Mitch grumbled. “Hector got what he deserved.”
“But it’s not true to say that we don’t have rules of engagement today in warfare,” I stipulated. “I just want to be clear.”
“That’s a bunch of crap,” Aaron snapped. “How do you expect to defeat any enemy by playing fair? America has proven that we can’t win a war by sticking to any set of wussy rules on the battlefield. If we fought nowadays like the troops did against the Japs and Nazis in World War Two, maybe we wouldn’t be stuck in the Middle East for the past decade.”
Aaron’s zealous favoritism for the ranks in which he intended to enlist didn’t startle me. I therefore had to tread upon this matter with the same delicacy that a ninja navigated a floor of rice paper without tearing its fabric. But, on the other side of things, I was thrilled that our discourse fostered such an animated response from him. With any luck, this sort of contagion would’ve vectored to the others within earshot.
“Do you think there’s ever a place for honor during a war, Aaron?” I asked.
Aaron didn’t wait to ponder my question. “It’s not about honor, Mr. Cobbs. It’s about surviving, and making sure the guy on either side of you stays alive, too.”
“At any cost?”
“Yeah. I think so.”
Once again I delayed making any contradictory statement, hoping that someone in the classroom viewed the topic with an opposing philosophy. The classroom’s silence must’ve felt like a minor victory for Aaron, and the gunmetal glow in his eyes certainly projected his opinion on the matter almost as assuredly as his words. Just when I was about to dispute this anything-goes-brand of warfare, Heather forwarded her most provocative contribution to this discussion thus far.
“I think the whole idea of fighting is stupid,” she exclaimed. “And reading ancient stories that glorify killing other people over land, treasure, or even ownership over another human being only reflects how little we’ve advanced as a species in the last three thousand years.”
“Whoa,” Mitch cut in mockingly, “that’s quite a mouthful comin’ from you. Did you read that outta a book or something?”
“At least I can read,” Heather retaliated; she was apparently resigned to abandoning her taciturn reputation before this period ended. Sometimes teaching was tantamount to being a firefighter afflicted with pyromania, because it was often necessary to extinguish the blaze that I deliberately fueled.
“Anyone who believes that this world can function without war is just plain dumb,” Aaron said, while pivoting in his desk to defy Heather squarely.
“Let’s not make this personal, Aaron,” I interjected. “Heather was just stating her opinion, and it’s not one that hasn’t been expressed before.”
“I’m sorry, Mr. Cobbs, but I don’t see the point of any of this. My grandpa fought and died in Vietnam. He received two Purple Hearts before going back for his third tour of duty—that’s when he got his brains blown out by a 50-millimeter slug. My father raised me to have respect for the heroes who died fighting for this country. So if you’re calling any war stupid, you’re insulting all the soldiers.”
“I don’t think Heather meant to offend the veterans,” I said, trying to quell this flame before it became too heated. Aaron’s eyes still glowered at Heather, but she astutely recognized that her classmate had more invested in this discourse than a class participation grade. Other students, however, provided enough oxygen to keep the blades of fire flickering in my direction.
“How about you, Mr. Cobbs?” Markus asked antagonistically. “Do you think war is stupid, too?”
I didn’t even need to glance in Aaron’s direction to know that he was waiting for my response like a salivating dog conditioned to react at a bell’s ring. “Some wars can’t be avoided,” I offered as diplomatically as an incumbent politician. “But I don’t think military combat should be a first option to solving any problem.”
“What about fighting terrorism?” Emily added, snapping her bubblegum like a firecracker. “Do you think our government did the right thing by attacking Iraq after 9-11?”
Here was another chance for me to merit a portion of my salary. Since I routinely dealt with opposing viewpoints, I learned to shift gears between topics as efficiently as a NASCAR driver in the heat of competition. “We’ll always have a need for heroic figures,” I said. “When anything bad happens in this world, we instinctively search for others to make it right. But we also can’t overlook the actions of individual men. Maybe Homer’s message to us is that all heroes may be flawed, even when they think they’re justified.”
“You’re not answering Emily’s question,” Aaron groused. “Do you think the American Government is stupid for trying to prevent the terrorists from attacking our country again?”
“Of course not,” I replied. “It’s what they’re expected to do.”
“It doesn’t sound like you’re convinced they’re making the right choices, Mr. Cobbs,” Aaron surmised bitterly.
In a young, unseasoned mind, there was simplicity in the resolution of problems that older pragmatists hadn’t the luxury to indulge. Since this topic obviously registered as fundamental to Aaron’s way of life, I decided not to pursue the conversation further.
My concession didn’t cause any visible jubilation in Aaron’s posture. Instead, he lowered his head sullenly onto his desktop. The remaining time in class wasn’t nearly as inspiring for me, but at least I managed to coax a couple of students to read a few lines of Homer’s poem from their textbooks. After the bell sounded, the students shuffled out of the room with the dexterity of a professional dance troupe. Only one kid lingered behind, biding for a moment where we were alone.
“Do you need something, Aaron?” I asked, while sitting in my gray cloth swivel chair behind my desk.
“Yeah…I was wondering if you got around to grading my essay…”
“The one on heroism?” I interrupted, remembering that I had just perused it prior to first period. “I looked at it, but I didn’t grade it yet.”
“Oh, okay, ’cause I was thinking about changing a couple of things in it.”
“You want to revise your paper even before I put a grade on it?” I appreciated Aaron’s swift display of enthusiasm toward his work, but such a request was seldom presented without some underlying motive. Maybe it was the discomfited manner in which he stood that gave me pause; he shifted in his stance repeatedly like a boy who needed to relieve his bladder. Furthermore, his demeanor throughout the period struck me as peculiar, almost as if he had been a recipient of distressing news. “Is everything okay?” I asked.
Aaron’s hesitation denoted that my inference hadn’t misfired. I hoped he wasn’t still miffed about our earlier exchange of words. “Look,” I offered, hoping to uncoil a thread of tension wound in his expression. “If this is about today’s discussion, I want you to know that I’m glad you contributed. A little controversy keeps the class interesting.”
“It’s not that, Mr. Cobbs. I’m over it already.”
I waited until Aaron’s fidgetiness subsided before asking, “So what’s on your mind?”
The bravado regularly apparent in Aaron’s tone was almost indecipherable when he responded to me. “I went down to the enlistment center for my preliminary physical yesterday.”
“I take it things didn’t go as you planned?”
“I failed the physical,” he said glumly.
“How’s that possible? You’re in terrific shape.”
I realized, of course, that one’s general health wasn’t always discernible by physical indicators, but it served as a useful barometer. “Are you sick or something?” I asked.
“I don’t feel sick, but the medic checked into my medical files and noticed that I was having some pretty bad stomach problems a few years ago.”
“What kind of problems?”
“On and off cramping,” said Aaron. “But the pain has gone away for the most part, except when I get stressed out about stuff.”
As the boy spoke these words I noticed him favoring the side of his lower abdomen slightly. He clutched at his stomach sporadically with his palm, not even realizing that I observed his every action. “Is there a chance they’ll let you take the physical again at a later time?”
“The doctor doesn’t think so. He did some other tests, and then told me that it’s likely that I have something wrong with my pancreas.”
“It might be a chronic condition,” I said, mimicking Aaron’s morose tone.
“The Marines won’t enlist me,” Aaron’s voice quavered. He suddenly looked as vulnerable as a small child shooting a water gun at an oncoming tank. “I just don’t get it. I can probably outrun every guy in this school, and this was my only chance to get out of this beat town.”
“Hey, you know that’s not true,” I advised him. “There’s always options. Maybe things didn’t pan out quite the way you first hoped, but that doesn’t mean you can’t do something else as equally rewarding as a career in the military.”
“You just don’t get it, Mr. Cobbs. I never wanted to be anything else but a Marine. It’s a family tradition. You should’ve been there to see the sad look in my dad’s eyes when I told him that I got booted out of DEP. He must be ashamed of me.”
Aaron then wiped a globule of water from the corner of his eye with his knuckle. Although I couldn’t claim to share his frustration, I empathized with the plight. He had the same unadulterated spirit towards the military as I did for writing fiction when I was his age. To have such a goal crumble in one’s clutches gouged a jagged hole in the center of a man’s heart. Up until yesterday, I imagined that Aaron’s unfettered mind yielded to few boundaries, and this served as a plus point until he encountered his first unassailable obstacle.
“I guess there’s some snags in life that we can’t always anticipate,” I said, feebly relying on the canned responses uttered in such moments.
“It’s all bull crap if you ask me. They can’t tell me I wouldn’t make a top-notch soldier because I get a stomachache here and there. But the doctors don’t even want to talk to me. They told me there’s no cure for what I got. I just have to live with it.”
“I’m sorry. I wish I had a solution for you, Aaron.”
“The worst part is that they’re taking guys with half my skill. Most of those punks are just looking for college money. I even offered to sign a waiver, you know, saying if anything happened to me then I couldn’t sue. They just told me to go home and think about applying to some colleges.”
“I’m sure they have their reasons.”
“Sure, they must. But if I don’t care what happens to me, why should they? Soldiers die in the field all the time. I know and accept the risks.”
Aaron might’ve resented my next tactic, but I didn’t want him to slink away from this conference believing that the Marines denied him entry for personal reasons. “Maybe you said it best earlier in class,” I reminded him. “I think I remember you saying that once a Marine enters combat, it’s more about staying alive than anything else. But it’s also about keeping the guys beside you out of harm’s way, too. I’m not an expert on military protocol, but I believe the Marines’ creed is to never leave one of their own men behind on the battlefield. Do you understand what I’m trying to say?”
The pink color flustering Aaron’s cheeks and neck turned a shade redder as he contemplated my words. “So you think I’d be a detriment to the other troops?” he asked sullenly.
“It’s not what I think that really matters, Aaron.”
“It’s just not fair, Mr. Cobbs.”
“Whoever said life was ever fair?”
“I’m never gonna get my chance to be a hero. I’m just a loser.”
“Quit the self-pity. Every hero has a weakness. Achilles had his heel…”
“And I can’t stomach it as a solider,” he interjected. “Now I don’t know what I’m gonna do after I finish high school. My life is over.”
“Hey, a lot of kids aren’t sure what they’ll end up doing for the rest of their lives at your age. This is just the first step to growing up. I’m sure your dad will tell you that a Marine never surrenders without a fight, even after his years in the armed forces are over.”
“So what do you think I should do? I ain’t exactly smart enough for college, you know.”
“Whoever told you that nonsense? Just between you and me, there are plenty of kids in college right now who aren’t as bright as you. It’s just takes a little effort and organization, and you might even discover something you like better than shooting guns at moving targets.”
Aaron’s face didn’t light up in the way I hoped. He continued to shift in his position as he murmured, “I don’t think that’s possible.”
“Well, I’ve been around a little longer than you, Aaron, so maybe I have a bit of advantage in this area.”
“You might be older than me, Mr. Cobbs, but you don’t know what it’s like to have something taken away from you that you always wanted. I bet it wouldn’t be so easy for you to move on to the next thing if you lost your job at this school.”
It sometimes amazed me at how shortsighted students were about their teachers’ endeavors. Rather than correct Aaron on his assertion, I simply resorted to one of the stockpiled quotes filed within my brain. “Maybe Vern Law said it better than I can,” I started.
“Who’s Vern Law?”
“He was a Major League ballplayer for the Pittsburgh Pirates. Anyway, he is credited for saying that ‘a winner never quits, and a quitter never wins.’ You might want to think about that before deciding that your life isn’t worth anything.”
Aaron appeared humbled by those words. The youth straightened his posture a bit, and adjusted his faded jeans. Then he started out of the classroom, perhaps clinging to an inclination that I’d call him back and spout a few more homilies into his ear. But the fountain was depleted for now. Once Aaron had gone, I returned my attention to the computer’s screen. I still had the file open containing Aaron’s essay; his fervency for believing in something beyond petty feats was refreshing. Despite my opposition to war, I couldn’t fault the boy’s tenacity. I had no right to sanitize his quest so that it fit into the framework of my expectations.
As I leaned back against the chair’s fabric, I sensed my mind drifting into another foggy realm, a landscape far removed from the security of Ravendale High School. The precursors of my illness seemed less noticeable this time, but a throbbing sensation against my temples remained inexorable. I didn’t know how many more episodes I could’ve endured before completely losing my composure. But I now came to terms with my condition’s randomness, and fully recognized that the spells were as much a part of this dark day as anything that I encountered in the conventional space of consciousness.


Chapter 18

8:15 A.M.


A saffron light filtered through the evergreen trees’ bowing branches as I continued my journey toward the unknown. I always relished a ripe, earthy scent of pine; it mixed pleasurably with all other fragrances in nature. The wooded landscape I now traversed seemed pristine in sections, particularly where larger portions of the ground hibernated beneath a carpet of desiccated pine needles. Just above my line of sight, a family of sparrows flittered between the trees’ snarled limbs. Based on the sun’s current trajectory, I estimated this day had almost reached its twilight hour. Cords of muted sunlight still sprinkled intermittingly through the hardwoods’ leaves, varnishing their edges in gilded shellac. I paused to glance at a sky unmarked by clouds, yet an odd mustard-colored mist hovered above the treetops. 
To a casual observer of nature, all else seemed as it should’ve been, but a part of me sensed that something was awry. Between the perfumed winds of pine and cedar, I detected another odor that registered as foreign. It was like inhaling plumes of metallic smoke, not yet potent enough to make me gag, but certainly detectable within the woodland’s denser pockets. A crackling uproar soon added to this peculiarity, but it was not thunder. I began to scan my surroundings more guardedly, while simultaneously observing an army of black ants swarming over my shoes in route to destinations privileged only to them.
With caution as my only guide, I progressed along a sloped clearing, passing a few critters going about their foresting chores dutifully. A squirrel nibbled hungrily on an acorn beside a live oak, while a muskrat scurried for coverage at the sound of my approaching footsteps. If an invader were to be found in this habitat, these denizens certainly would’ve rated me as the offending source. I progressed farther into the thicket, occasionally hindered by vines and the brambly terrain underfoot. I soon came upon another grove of trees that appeared, at first glance, to be suffering from a tarry blight. The trees’ bark was visibly desecrated with oblong black marks across their trunks, and continuing upward into the lower branches. As I edged closer to inspect the gashes, I realized that this was not a disease unique to these woody plants, at least according to nature’s design.
After I traced my hand over the charred bark of one sapling, I detected a minie musket ball lodged into the wood. The lead projectile had split away the bark at its point of impact and still felt lukewarm between my fingers. Then, I inspected the other trees and realized that they were all tattooed with the remnants of a gunfire skirmish. Another thunderous clap echoed just beyond a line of trees, and I then determined the origin of this racket. A yoke-colored mist clung to the leaves with the stringiness of cobwebs. This waft of gunpowder poured through the foliage, serving as a caveat to the musketry and artillery at large.
Although a mêlée of grave proportion was obviously being waged along the forest’s environs, I walked deeper beneath the trees’ perpendicular shadows. With each proceeding step, I listened to the din of gunshots and cannonballs fracturing the air’s tranquility. Eventually, I came upon another section of the glen that seemed as though it might’ve served as a respite for those who scouted this land before me. I crouched down beside a pine tree’s rotted stump and surveyed the area. Strangely, I felt insulated from the friction here, and had I sought a place of refuge in light of what awaited the occupants beyond this timberland, I couldn’t have selected a more strategic spot.
About fifty yards from where I stooped, I noticed a somnolent figure bent on the soil beside a cluster of pinecones. At first, I didn’t attempt to startle him, as I couldn’t predict his full state of mind. But after careful scrutiny I observed that the man appeared alone, and ostensibly discombobulated in his surroundings. He wore a dark blue sack-coat of wool that was heavily muddied, and a pair of sky-blue trousers with an equal amount of earth crushed into the fabric. Because a layer of grime covered his face like a mask, his features were barely visible to me, but I estimated that he was a young fellow, perhaps not much older than eighteen years of age.
After a few moments, I decided to approach the ephebe, while being mindful that he remained motionless enough to be asleep, save for an occasional twitch of his leg. I managed to maneuver myself within six paces of his position. I clearly discerned that he was an infantry soldier of the Union Army. A ragged kepi was set on his bended knee. I noticed the number 304 stitched in amber piping on the headgear’s horizontal visor. He carried no visible weapon, which was nearly suicidal under the circumstances. I, however, already envisioned the youth toting an 1861 Springfield rifle at some point before his separation from his regiment.
Our introduction now became just a formality, for I already recognized this soldier as Private Henry Fleming of the Northern Army. As I approached him, he offered no response, yet his eyes remained fixated on me as if I wore a uniform of the Confederacy. “Hello,” I said, waving my hand as if brandishing a white flag. The youth reposed in silence. Perhaps he was still trying to ascertain my intentions. Since I was visibly unarmed, it seemed as if he cast more puzzlement in my direction than any show of apprehension.
At this instance, I witnessed a fresh wound on the side of this soldier’s head. He futilely tended to this abrasion by massaging his fingers against his scalp, almost as if to suture it with the threadwork of his hair. Despite his efforts, a crimson secretion gushed conspicuously between his fingers and spilled upon the pine needles on the ground beside him. It appeared that Henry Fleming already had his emblem of valor set in place, and I had no intention to cast any aspersions on him for it.
“Looks like you’ve got a nasty head wound,” I said. “Do you need any help?”
The youth continued to fuss over his torn scalp, perhaps imagining the superficial cut more lethal than it actually was because of the sheer volume of blood present. By now both his hands were thoroughly lacquered in a burgundy color. When Henry finally spoke to me, his voice was even greener and unproven than I calculated. “I can git along fine by me lonesome.”
“It seems that you lost your regiment, but at least your wound doesn’t look so bad. Head wounds tend to bleed quite a bit.”
“Can’t never tell with these here things,” the youth insisted. “But I got no cause to be fixin’ this out here in th’ open. Most likely gonna git shot with ‘nother ball of lead unless I git a-skedaddlin’ soon.”
I suddenly felt comfortable enough to join him on the ground laden with pinecones. “No hurry on my part,” I said. At my current range, I easily distinguished his cut as a blow from a blunt object, such as a rifle’s barrel. But as we both knew, the soldier’s account of events wouldn’t lend itself to accuracy. After all, no honor could have been merited for him among his friends if the truth leaked out.
While I reclined beside him with no particular agenda in mind, I sensed him studying me like a book with big words. For a minute or so we both sat basking in the lull that suddenly encapsulated the forest. Save for a chorus of insects, no other noise disturbed us until the youth spoke again.
“Yeh don’t look like yer from th’ blues or grays,” he muttered. “And yeh talk in a kinda off-puttin’ di’lect.”
“I’m not a soldier for either the North or the South,” I explained.
“Then what by thunder yeh doin’ tramping ‘round these hillocks fer? Don’t yeh know we’s aimin’ to git th’ rebels?”
“I’m aware that things are pretty terrible out here on both sides.”
“Dat ain’t nothin’ close to tellin’ of what I gits a gander at. But if yeh ain’t a’fightin’, then I s’pose I can see to keepin’ yeh company fer a spell.”
I noticed the blood beginning to coagulate around the youth’s wound, which I surmised was rendered fifteen minutes from the present time. Since he now perceived me as a civilian with even less combat experience than himself, I sensed a bit of coerced confidence infesting his tone.
“What’s yer business in this fracas if it ain’t fer killin’ grays, stranger?”
“This may sound like hogwash to your ears, but I just may not know the answer to that question right now. Did you ever go out walking somewhere, not really thinking about where you’re heading, and then suddenly find yourself in the middle of some random situation scrambling for your life?”
“Sounds like a dang fool’s errand if yeh be askin’ me,” the youth chortled. The callow soldier continued to stare at me as if I might’ve been a specter following him since his last interaction with the tattered man. A lump the size of a musket ball seemingly lodged itself in the center of youth’s throat, but it was a ruminative period of silence for us both. “Yer a tad long in the tooth for infantry,” he gathered. “But I s’pose yer in it now until findin’ yer way back to….”
“Up north,” I clarified. “Not too far off from your neck of the woods.”
“By Gawd, I don’t remember tellin’ yeh where I’s from.”
“You didn’t have to tell me,” I explained, motioning to his forage cap. “I recognized your regiments’ insignia—the 304th out of New York.”
“Be jiminey, ain’t dat a dang natural wonder? World ain’t so big on th’ outside after all. What’s th’ odds of me a-runnin’ into a neighbor down here in th’ smack middle of Virginia?”
“It’s not bound to happen more than once,” I assured him. I then realized that I hadn’t yet introduced myself to the youth. I told him my name, realizing that it wouldn’t have any more or less significance to him than all the other surnames he heard in recent weeks.
“Pleasure makin’ yer company, Cobbs. Private Henry Fleming here. I might be lookin’ a tad green, but yeh’d be as dumb as a lame ass fer thinkin’ I ain’t had my share of red.”
“By the looks of your wound, I think you’ve already seen quite enough of that.” The blood dried in parallel stripes across the youth’s cheek and neck, trailing into his coat’s wool fabric.
“This ain’t nothin’,” he uttered. “Stick at my side if yeh wanta watch me wallop ’em all. I’m readying to lick ’em good now.”
By the gritty glare in Henry’s bloodshot eyes, I gathered he meant every word of his boast. Before another word exchanged between us, we distinguished the pops of Springfield rifle shots clapping against the distant trees. The youth’s steadfast stare toward the rising drafts of smoke indicated that he had other business to attend.
“I guess you’ll be rejoining the other blues soon,” I said.
“S’pose I must. Lollygagin’ ’round here sure ain’t helpin’ our cause none.”
“Before you go, Henry, I was wondering if you could help me figure something out. You’re in a position now where you can just walk the other way. Heck, I bet you wouldn’t even be missed by the regiment.”
“They’s hangin’ deserters, Cobbs. ’At ain’t no way fer a man to turn toes up.”
“But you’re not afraid of that,” I inferred. “You’re after something else—something you can’t harvest back on your mother’s farm in New York.”
Henry remained ponderous as we listened to a nest of finches chirping in a nearby tree. I decided to use this interval as a means to probe into some of his most fortified thoughts. “No man wants to die in cowardly way,” I started, “but there are soldiers out here who’d be willing to hand over their lives this very second if they reckoned they’d be remembered as heroes.”
“Few men got ’nough courage stewin’ in their guts fer this kinda killin’,” he remarked solemnly.
“But you’re ready to make them all think otherwise, aren’t you, Henry? You don’t want to be remembered as a coward. Maybe that’s the cruelest thing you can ever call a man.”
“I git yer meaning, Cobbs, and I sure know what it’s like to git yer heart all palpitatin’ on bein’ a hero like I read in my schoolbooks back home.”
“It’s a glamorous promise,” I agreed. “I’m inclined to believe that we fight such battles in life, not necessarily with a rifle and bayonet, but we all hope to make a mark in the sand sooner or later.”
“Shucks,” exclaimed the youth, “I don’t git all dat fancy thinkin’, Cobbs. But I gotta ‘nough know how to give yeh something worth tellin’ folks back home. Yeh can take it from th’ woods if yer runnin’ th’ other way. Ain’t nothin’ brave ‘bout dying with yer guts all floppin’ out yer belly. I’ve seen plenty to rattle me good. By ginger, my ol’ pal Jim Conklin jest got his, and ain’t nobody puttin’ coins on his eyes neither. No, sir, he jest died like they alls do—and not lookin’ any braver for th’ trouble.”
“And yet you’re still fetching to go back,” I said. “Aren’t you afraid to die out here in these woods like your friend, and maybe a few hundred others like him today?”
“Nothin’ wrong with gittin’ spooked by it I s’pose. Blue or gray, we’re all jest aimin’ to see ’nother sunrise. Anyone spoutin’ otherwise jest don’t know what th’ dickens they a-sayin’.”
“We’ve always been told that fighting a war is about valor, Henry. From the earliest battles right up until the last, I suspect the commanders will still be telling the boys that the cause is more important than their own lives. Is that what you’re feeling right now?”
The youth glared at me as if I packed his wound with salt. Maybe he thought he finally found someone out here more untested than him. Despite his age, I couldn’t look at this soldier and declare that I had any more insight about the significance of human life. No matter what I said to him, Henry Fleming was ready to earn his reward, if such a thing truly existed in the camouflage of this wicked wilderness.
Whether it was right or wrong for me to do so, I decided to offer a prophecy to this youth that I already knew as truth. “You’re going to survive this war,” I told him. Henry nodded his chin once as he regained his stance on this glade of pinecones. It was his simple way of thanking me for recognizing something within him that he was just beginning to understand. The gangly soldier kept his hand clasped against his temple as he started off through the woods, using the sound of the clashing artillery as a compass toward his chosen destiny.
I spent a few seconds, lingering among the pinecones and perhaps even wondering what I had ever accomplished that might’ve been deemed as heroic. Being young, as I now realized, was not so much about one’s age as much as it was about being shielded from the malice churning in jaded hearts. In this way, men perished in combat long after the musketry silenced, and boys like Henry Fleming surrendered their thoughts to savagery in an intrinsic quest to stay alive. In time, the woods pleasant symphony encapsulated my thoughts, once again shielding me from the shrill blasts of rifles and field guns.
Somewhere behind the timbered cloak where I waited, the primitive groans of dying men echoed in my mind. Strangely, I found the courage within myself to walk away from the ongoing gloom.


Chapter 19

8:18 A.M.


I emerged from my latest spell with only the minor inconvenience of having lowered my head upon my desk. Fortunately, the students arriving to second period were no more observant to my hardship than the earlier class. After I finally focused on my surroundings, I noticed them filing halfheartedly into the room. One girl was positioned unusually close to my desk. She busily jabbed her thumbs into the keypad of her Smart Phone. For a girl who routinely refused to scribble a single paragraph of coherent prose, the dexterity of her digit work amazed me. Even the speediest typists of my age rarely showed such proficiency at a keyboard.
This particular student, however, hardly merited any recognition otherwise. I concluded that Regan Cordell had honed her knack at riling the temperament of anyone who ever expected her to follow directions. Even on the seldom occasions where she pretended to obey the rules, I sensed an undercurrent of hostility in her mannerisms. I don’t know exactly when such a pretty, affluent girl like Regan developed her sense of entitlement, but I do believe it started well before I ever caught a glimpse of her.
Regan may have been as unpopular with her teachers as an unscheduled faculty meeting, (and secretly despised by the girls who envied her nubile figure), but the majority of boys gravitated to her cloying demeanor like roaches to darkness. They lined up in front of her as if she was dishing out free candy at a sweetshop, and perhaps in a metaphorical way, this analogy wasn’t far off the mark. If Ravendale High School ever enforced a dress code policy, I suspected Regan would’ve been the poster child on how not to come attired for high school. Her gossamer frocks were always hemmed high enough to provide the lascivious lads with exactly what they had been forbidden to survey. Barry Shorewater, a gawky, yet inquisitive kid who sat in front of her, once took a full six minutes to pick his pencil off the floor. Regan was the type of girl who’d wear a blouse cut deep enough into her cleavage to showcase her bellybutton, only to then berate those who had the audacity to ogle her breasts. Of course, this was just another thoroughly structured trick for attention on her part, and she despised me for divulging it.
In high school, meshed within the prototypical cliques, I gathered there were generally two types of females: those who followed and the trendsetters. Regan belonged to the latter grouping. Other girls attempted to mimic the style of Regan’s licorice black hair and purple eyeliner, which made her cornflower blue eyes almost appear lavender, like Elizabeth Taylor’s renowned peepers. But most girls lacked Regan’s patented mind-set of pomposity, which frequently accompanied a malevolent grin that was too often mistaken as mischievous play.
Although I had a litany of peevish objections regarding Regan over the past eight months, nothing irked me more severely than the manner in which she manipulated everyone around her, including those who considered her a friend. She was especially adept at conjuring sympathy from the copious clods that would’ve gladly stood blindfolded in freeway traffic to acquire her praise. Like most high schools, Ravendale had a surplus of oversexed boys vying for some leverage with someone more enticing than an Internet fantasy. For the past four years, Regan hawked her wares like a crafty quean, and she could’ve made any one of her sophomoric peers leap through more hoops than a parade full of circus poodles.
Perhaps it was the boys’ own fault for relying on a naïve hope that any depth of emotion flourished inside a girl whose heart seemed chiseled from a slab of granite. On the surface, of course, Regan glittered like a finely cut jewel, sparkling to an untutored eye, but nothing more than a mudstone to anyone with a speck of intuition. On any other day, I wouldn’t have purposely soured my stomach by training two seconds of my attention toward this girl, but I then remembered her recent alignment to another nuisance who I needed to confer with today.
The latest boy to lunge headlong into her venomous clutches was none other than Drew Mincer. Apparently, not even the notorious intimidator of Ravendale High was impervious to her pernicious ploys. I suspected that Regan controlled him with the same dexterous rhythm in which she thumbed her phone’s keypad. But in this scenario at least, I felt as though they wholly deserved one another. As I understood it, Regan was programming Drew as her robotic henchman to systematically terrorize anyone who happened to end up on the barbed edge of her moodiness. And since Drew possessed the emotional intellect of a fruit fly, he became as malleable as moist putty in her fingertips.
Before Regan became too complacent with her whereabouts, I elected to serve forth some much-needed sarcasm as a subtle reminder of who was still supposedly in charge. “Good morning, Regan,” I chimed with about as much sincerity as her pearly smile. She did her best to ignore me while continuing to text her cronies. “You know,” I continued, “I had a terrific dream last night that all the cellular towers suddenly shut down simultaneously, rendering those gadgets as obsolete as eight-track players.” (I enjoyed making nostalgic references to defunct technology, if only to spawn a reaction from my students). But Regan remained as unremarkably stilted as a wormwood fence.
In truth, I currently yearned for the days when students gabbed unabashedly face-to-face in the middle of my lessons, rather than resorting to texting conspicuously through the camouflage of a book bag. The blatantly cheeky defectors, such as Regan, didn’t even attempt to disguise her noncompliance. She deflected my statement with a quirky grin and a single swipe of her fingertips through a scarf of black hair.
“Put your phone away and sit down,” I finally told her in exasperation.
“Wait a sec,” she said, treating me as nothing more bothersome than a gnat. “I’m almost done.” Her thumbs still danced on the phone’s keypad with the nimbleness of Gene Kelly in tap shoes.
Did I really expect anything else but a challenge from Regan? I could’ve resorted to an angry outburst, but that discipline strategy, as most students knew, was the mark of a novice. Even the most obtuse students in high school had an innate sense for identifying the teachers with the least amount of authority. Oddly, usually the teachers who yelled the loudest and most regularly had the poorest rapport with his pupils. I must’ve stopped showing my irritation outwardly with my classes nearly ten years ago; the flipside of things was convincing the kids that I hadn’t become as apathetic as them. In this instance, since I required a tiny favor from Regan, I decided to only slightly accentuate my sardonic request.
“When you’re finished socializing,” I said, “May I please talk to you?”
“About what?” she snapped, while lowering the phone and stuffing it into a pocket in her handbag. “If this is about my homework again, I already told you that my printer ran out of ink and my mom hasn’t bought a new thingy for it yet.”
“It’s not about your homework,” I said, realizing that I had about as much of a chance receiving that assignment as I did at seeing the Second Coming. Regan flexed her hand and placed it on her hip, popping her thigh slightly in front the other like a model posing for a camera.
“Oh,” she remarked flippantly. “What do you want then?”
Because I typically disassociated myself with my student’s personal affairs, my next question must’ve sounded a bit awkward. “Not that it’s any of my business, but do you still hang around with Drew Mincer?”
Regan rolled her eyes at my inquiry and then shrugged her shoulders as if the boy’s name was inconsequential to her. Her amethyst eyes flashed wickedly before she returned, “What do you care?”
“It’s just a question, Regan. You don’t have to answer me if you don’t want to.”
“I see him around here and there.”
“Good. Any chance you’ll run into him today before fifth period?”
“Why? Has he done something wrong?”
A more appropriate question, as I’m sure Regan already surmised, would’ve been to ask if he’d ever done anything right from the moment he arrived at Ravendale. Since we both knew that Drew was conceivably incapable of performing any deed that warranted acclaim, my brevity on this point proved comprehensive.
“He hasn’t done anything yet. But if you happen to see him, can you tell him that I want to speak to him privately before our study hall in the auditorium?”
“I’m not his freakin’ nanny, Mr. Cobbs.”
“Should I take that as a yes or a no?”
I paused to monitor Regan’s glacial expression, which I imagined was how Captain Edward John Smith must’ve felt seconds before the RMS Titanic collided with its demolisher. The girl flipped her hair off the front side of her shoulders like a velvety whip and promptly pivoted away from my desk, leaving me to inhale the cool vapors of her flowery perfume. Logically, I should’ve let her flee uncontested, as I had done on other occasions, but my broadmindedness for insolent brats had thinned almost to the consistency of my hair.
After Regan clutched her phone and casually lifted it from her purse again, I sensed a pitch of fury rising in my tone. “I told you to put that phone away once already,” I shouted across the room at her. “You know the rules of this classroom.”
It was marginally comical to utter such perfunctory statements aloud. I almost had to stifle a chuckle that arrived like an unwelcome acquaintance in my voice. Follow the rules? Who was I kidding? Regan certainly didn’t reveal any urgency to heed to my trite order. In such moments, I wondered at exactly what point I had surrendered my authority in the classroom, or if I ever truly possessed it. Admittedly, my own aloof nature betrayed me at times. Maybe I let the reins slack for too long, and now not even the most adroit horseman could’ve tamed the pending stampede. Unfortunately for Regan, I was in a rare mood today, and suddenly keen on a prospect of lassoing an unruly mare galloping amuck in my classroom.
In order to cast a more formidable posture, I stood up from my desk, causing my weakened legs to wobble a bit. Then, while watching Regan continue to text from her seat, I lashed out at her with a sternness that I had seldom resorted to before this moment. “Look, Regan, I don’t care what you do outside this classroom, but when you come in here from now on I don’t want to see your phone. Do you got it?”
Regan looked at me with befuddlement, almost as if I spoke in the garbled language that only Charles Shultz’s cartoons could’ve deciphered. By her expression alone, I know she felt the tethers becoming a bit tauter. She withdrew in her seat momentarily, still tinkering with her phone as if to test my integrity as a disciplinarian. A few other students had entered the class just in time to witness my reprimand. One boy, Paul Holmes, actually circled his lips in awe. After all, those in company hadn’t ever observed such an outburst from me before now; they’d have more luck waiting to catch a glimpse of Halley’s Comet under normal circumstances.
Since Regan was confrontational by nature, her choice to be defiant didn’t instill any wonderment in me. “Calm down,” she muttered. “It’s not like you ever got mad at any of us before for texting in class.”
“You’re absolutely right, Regan. I was lax in that area, but that doesn’t mean I can’t improve. It’s something I should’ve corrected a long time ago, but that’s one of the perks about being a teacher. I usually get a chance to fix the mistakes I’ve made in the past.”
I noticed several of my students staring at me as if I had another head growing out of the side of my neck. They almost anticipated a punch line, but I didn’t have one to deliver on this occasion. When you’re known as humorous and lighthearted, such as I was, it’s a difficult task to modify that perception. At least Regan took me seriously enough to slip her phone back into her handbag. But her enchanting eyes simmered with the froth of two cauldrons set ablaze. I should’ve known that I hadn’t yet squelched her caustic mockery.
“Sounds like someone didn’t get any action in awhile,” Regan smirked, just audibly enough so that others around her distinguished her slur. Naturally, her retaliation generated a modicum of nervous giggles from her feckless friends. Yet I couldn’t rebuke the kids for their coerced alliance with Regan, for they knew that anyone who opposed her rudeness would’ve intensified her ire. The students also understood that Regan never confronted her adversaries directly; this became Drew Mincer’s primary errand. Rather than say anything else immediately, she glared at me with pure vexation brewing in her countenance, perhaps wishing to cast a grave illness upon me as if she channeled Hecate’s most malicious incantations.
“It’s not like you can take my phone away from me anyway,” she persisted. “So why don’t you just back off, huh?”
On what precarious route does a teacher venture now? The easiest path, of course, was to simply proceed with the lesson, thereby eliminating further friction. But this tactic had obvious flaws. The other students almost expected me to issue a reprimand, while they simultaneously cogitated the parameters of their own boundaries. Even if I didn’t want to let it appear as though Regan riled me, it was necessary to verbalize some idle threat.
“I’m sure you don’t want me to get your parents involved in this,” I admonished. As I uttered these worn-out words unimaginatively pilfered from the handbook on pedagogical blunders, I remembered that Regan’s parents were as useless as feathers on a fish when it came to curtailing their daughter’s rebellious behavior. They were also divorced, and consequentially preoccupied with overcompensating for their shortcomings as parents.
“My mother lives in Phoenix with her boyfriend,” she specified. “Do you think she cares if I talk on my phone in school?”
“Well, maybe your father does.”
Regan smirked impishly at my blandness, which suddenly made my strategy as antiquated as The Cat Lady’s philosophy on classroom management. Back in the days when a father’s scowl worked more efficiently than a panel of educational pundits, this scenario might’ve only happened once. But, as Regan unmercifully reminded me, fathers were no longer the leaders of families; somewhere along the blurred lines of progress, the children displaced the parents as the architects between right and wrong. Therefore, the blueprint to public education’s future rested in jejune minds.
“My father listens to whatever I tell him,” said Regan. “Why should he believe you? You’re just a lousy teacher. He’ll laugh in your face, and by the end of the conversation, you’ll be the one apologizing to me.”
Perhaps there was a time when such an avowal was treated as nothing more significant than a disillusioned rant from a spoiled child, yet I suspected the truth was far more demoralizing to those linked to my profession. It pained me to concede that Regan’s words weren’t merely muddied in illogical thought. Teachers and administrators no longer controlled the environment in which they worked. Moreover, most of the important decisions approved by schools boards and politicians were established and ratified by people whose only familiarity with overseeing education was the fact that they once attended school at one time or another. The repercussions of these ill-conceived mandates sat before me in the form of at least a hundred different faces everyday.
Our dispute may have lingered in the form of leering gesticulations had it not been for another belated addition to my classroom. I doubt Harold Wagner ever developed a knack for entering a social environment unobserved. His inability to blend quietly among his peers was partially attributable to a preadolescent clumsiness that clung to his back like a three hundred pound gorilla. Harold didn’t hold a claim on being the most unsightly student in the senior class, but his disheveled appearance often placed him in the crosshairs of those who skipped the training seminar on sensitivity.
Today, Harold stomped into the room towing a neon green knapsack two sizes wider than his shoulder blades. His curly umber-colored hair looked like a wad of tangled shoelaces atop his head. In this case, I welcomed the distraction, as the students’ attention instantly shifted from me to him. Because of his heedlessness, I almost expected Harold to do something to unintentionally humiliate himself. As he scrambled between the rows to find his desk, his left sneaker hooked on a steel leg of Amber Lange’s desk. This sole misstep caused the boy to tumble headlong to the floor, nearly plunging into Paul Linderman’s lap, who once again had proper cause to round his lips like a guppy.
To worsen matters, Harold had neglected to adequately secure the Velcro tab on his knapsack, which resulted in a spillage of its contents. Loose notebook paper, writing utensils, and an assortment of stationary supplies spread out across the floor as if regurgitated from the innards of a Staples store. Even before the motion of Harold’s tumble came to a standstill, the students ignited with uproarious laughter. This cacophony must’ve infiltrated the adjoining classroom’s walls, and I fully anticipated a discreet reproof from the neighboring room’s teacher, Mrs. Fisher, that the decibel level within my class had reached an intolerable level once again. My immediate concern, however, was to tend to Harold’s woe. As it turned out, the boy had fallen down so many times before that he learned to do it without injuring anything more than his already pulverized ego.
“Harold,” I called, while watching him scuttling like a crab between the desks to collect his scattered belongings. “Are you okay?”
Fortunately, Harold hadn’t lost or damaged his eyeglasses this time. He managed to gather most of his materials hastily and shove them back into his open bag with a few swipes of his hand. Regan remained perched like a cement gargoyle in the back of the classroom, simpering at the boy as if she took a perverse delight in his embarrassment. I wanted to feel sorry for Harold and other students like him. Sadly, this kid seemed destined for ridicule since his first day of high school.
At least Harold had the gumption to recognize the folly in his ungainliness. Instead of sheepishly slinking behind his desk like a scolded puppy, he bounced to his feet as if the rubber on his sneakers was molded from Super Balls. Then, in true showmanship fashion, he offered a curtain bow to the class as if he had premeditated the whole event. I’m sure Regan detested his theatrics because it drew attention further away from her corner of the room.
Harold had almost become desensitized to the insults hurled at him throughout his high school years. His feigned apathy, as I presently perceived it, was actually a coping mechanism. I couldn’t help but to suspect that this boy shielded his wounds beneath a thin cowl of jollity. Over the course of several weeks, I noticed subtle variations in Harold’s conduct. To an outsider, or maybe even his own mother, these changes may have seemed insignificant or went largely unnoticed. Yet I detected somewhat of a craving in his expression, as if he harbored a taboo idea that he wasn’t quite ready to disclose.
Harold usually counterbalanced his social incompetence by imparting random stories of a bizarre nature. In the past, his anecdotes were amusing diversions focusing upon esoteric facts culled from the Internet. At times, even the hard-to-believe-but-true yarns intrigued me. Most of what Harold conveyed sounded far less plausible than any urban legend, but basic research generally confirmed the oddities. I imagined the boy sitting up late at night in front of his home computer, dutifully scanning websites for titillating tales. Lately, however, Harold’s tidbits of trivia became progressively morose, and borderline weird. He was starting to make the melancholic Hamlet look like a philanthropic character by comparison.
Two weeks ago, after corresponding via email with Harold’s mother in regard to her son’s plummeting grades, I learned the probable cause of his sullenness. I was informed that Harold’s father died suddenly the previous summer, evidently from an undetected embolism. Since Harold wasn’t the type of kid to air his anguish in public, it was likely that he had repressed his torment for many months. It now appeared as if he could’ve uncorked like a champagne bottle at any moment.
Knowing this information didn’t necessarily assist me in developing a strategy to counteract Harold’s concealed grief. I wish I had a formula to magically dissolve the boy’s sorrow, but then again, I might’ve consumed the larger portion of it myself. Perhaps if Harold had confided in me earlier, I would’ve intervened and dished out some obligatory advice. Most teachers had a difficult time teetering on the invisible boundary between a student’s education and home life. I’ve witnessed numerous colleagues leaning too far in either direction, resulting in being ostracized by both the students and administrators.
Once my students settled, I moved to the classroom’s center aisle and managed to deliver just two spoken syllables before another interruption halted my lesson. The offending source originated from an intercom speaker mounted above the classroom’s door. The senior class advisor, Mr. Sinclair, considered it imperative to disrupt instructional time with yet another unscheduled assembly. This one was planned for next period to expound the regulations for the forthcoming prom.
An exaggerated cheer rebounded throughout the room, inciting Jasmine Kramer and Josie Martinez to celebrate yet another truncated school day. These girls, like so many others, believed all 12th grade academics ceased sometime in mid-January, leaving the remaining five months of school for more convenient matters, such as Twittering current fashion trends and updating their online networking. Since I had no authority over what rated as pertinent news in this building, I simply rolled my eyes and sighed in frustration. This next intermission meant that my third period American literature students would miss their fourth class this month due to an assembly program.
The duty of providing pivotal instruction for my current charges still loomed in front of me like a forty-three minute root canal absent the Novocain. My head had cleared momentarily, however, and I felt lucid enough to present at least one compelling thought for my students to ponder. I resorted to an old tactic rather than scrawling an endless batch of meaningless words on the whiteboard. I picked a red dry-erase marker off the whiteboard’s shelf and printed one word in large capital letters on the centermost board. By itself, the word GRAVEYARD registered as ambiguous to its observers.
The students stared at one another in bewilderment, but at least a quarter of the eighteen faces in front of me showed a perceptible reaction. Any expression was superior to a multitude of deadpan glares that typically accompanied the onset of a thoughtful exercise. I already presumed that they were waiting for some additional instruction; after all, what work were they supposed to generate while eyeballing a seemingly random word? The handbook of preferred instructional tactics suggested that I waited at least a minute for them to absorb a concept, but I purposely stalled in silence for at least twice that amount of time.
Before the quietness consumed us all, a tentative set of fingertips rose from the hand of Erin Ortiz. The baffled girl asked, “Aren’t we still reading ‘The Iliad’?”
“Yes,” I replied.
“So what do you want us to do with that word on the board?”
“Just think about it, Erin,” I responded succinctly.
“About graveyards?” inquired Andre Wilson, crinkling his nose as if a scent of putrid corpses suddenly permeated the room. A solitary smirk from me didn’t clarify my intentions. 
“How does that word make you feel?” My question was almost rhetorical, but I always believed that good teachers operated with the same discipline as competent attorneys. We generally asked questions to which the answers were already known. Since the notion of death or anything closely linked to it was a topic most teenagers rarely contemplated, they remained mute on the matter.
“This is kind of creepy,” one student whispered.
“Tell me about it,” murmured another. “But so is Mr. Cobbs.”
It amused me to eavesdrop on the students’ banter concerning my disposition. Occasionally, I entertained this outlandish notion to make connections between literature’s imbedded themes to our existence in this world. Rest assured, it was a fanciful expectation, but one worth revisiting from time to time. I had no misconceptions about my daily challenge. If I expected any of my students to remember or appreciate Homer’s epic poetry, I had to make the material more relevant to their circumstances as young adults. Consistently engineering the gap between fiction and reality was a feat that rivaled the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
“Many of you in here,” I started, “haven’t planned a future for yourselves much beyond what awaits in college.” Normally, when immersed in a thought worth elaborating upon, I’d pace in front of the desks, gesturing with my hands to match my voice’s inflection. But my random bouts of unconsciousness left me feeling vulnerable today. I remained leaning slightly against the whiteboard, still holding the red marker uncapped in my left hand.
“I’m not known for my prophetic skills,” I said, pivoting slightly toward the board to underscore the word I wrote a few minutes earlier. “But I can safely predict that no matter where life’s journey takes us, the majority will end up in this place. It’s a final destination for most people.”
“Like those movies,” quipped Terri Gallagher.
“Whatever you want to compare it to,” I resumed. “The main point is that we’re all going to die someday, and a graveyard represents a spot where those who knew us in life can visit and rekindle fond memories.”
My students’ faces turned as gray and dull as granite tombstones while they deliberated my words. At the very least, I had their partial attention. This in itself became a minor achievement when instructing seniors during the final months of high school.

“Why are we even talkin’ about this stupid stuff?” Regan called out. She didn’t bother raising her hand. Rather than respond to her, I waited for someone else to fill up the calculated void. After a few seconds, Colleen Sanders stopped tapping her pencil on her desktop long enough to deliver some uninspired words.
“This has something to do with that poem we’re reading, right?”
“That’s a start,” I said encouragingly, “but maybe it’s better to say that the poem has something to do with us.”
One of my brighter students in this class, Wanda Carlson, then flung forth a Frisbee of light for the others to cling to like a raft amidst a tempest. “I get the whole graveyard thing,” she said as if she had just invented the next fad. “Since we’re all going to die like those people in the poem, you want us to imagine ourselves in their position.”
“You’re on the right track, Wanda, but it may be more about how we feel before we reach this inevitable place.” My left hand swept back to the whiteboard, where I double underscored the word for emphasis, as if it needed any. “Let me put it to you another way,” I continued. “How many in here want to be remembered after you die?”
Once again, the students looked spellbound by the mere prospect of having to consider something as solemn as this topic at eight thirty in the morning. Most of them hadn’t even yet peeled the crumbly remnants of sleep from their eyes. A couple of the kids lifted their hands hesitantly in response to my last question.
“Come on,” I goaded the rest. “Is it important for you to be remembered after your own death?”
“That’s another stupid question,” said Regan snippily. “What’s the difference who remembers us after we’re dead? We’ll never know.”
“Maybe not, Regan. But surely most people want or need to be recognized for something after we die, especially by those who loved us. But how about being remembered for things we’ve done in life by people who never even met us? Who would hope for that?”
No one forwarded a gesture or word this time. Perhaps the question in itself was too ambiguous. Borrowing from the wisdom of one very famous rustic-minded transcendentalist, I had to simplify. “Maybe it’s easier for you to understand what I mean if I tell you a little story.” Whenever I resorted to such a proposal, the students groaned collectively. Over the years, I learned that my penchant for storytelling wasn’t designated solely for paper. I habitually selected relevant sketches from my past and present to enliven our discussions.
“I still don’t get what we’re supposed to do,” Erin whined.
“Just listen,” I advised. “Sometimes when I want to unwind or think about my life, I’ll take a stroll through Willow Acre Cemetery near my house.” This confession generated a few nervous chuckles from my captive audience. To them, of course, a graveyard was synonymous with the ghosts, zombies, and other supernatural entities that young minds formulated from a bombardment of horror films. Admittedly, most teenagers didn’t imagine their teachers on a jaunt through a churchyard at any hour of the day, especially as a means to attain relaxation. Luckily, I wasn’t the only uncanny pioneer in class today.
“Hey, I know where that graveyard is,” said Harold. “It’s the one with the flat tombstones that all look the same, right?”
“The very one,” I confirmed.
“Oh,” Erin added. “It’s in the field behind that old brick church. I could never figure out why all the headstones lay on the ground in there. Seems kind of strange to me.”
“It’s not so odd if you know the history of the Moravian Church,” I interjected.
“The what?”
“The Moravians, Erin. The members of that congregation are buried in that graveyard after they die. Everyone is assigned a headstone the exact same size, spaced on a plot of soil no bigger or smaller than the one adjacent to it.”
“Why?”
“I suppose it eliminates a repute of wealth or importance. In such churchyards, everyone’s social status is essentially anonymous,” I offered.
“I still don’t get it,” Erin complained.
“No one stands out,” Wanda illustrated. “They’re all the same. Got it now?”
“Got it.”
“Anyway, a hike through a Moravian graveyard on a sunny afternoon is a valuable experience,” I resumed. Naturally, no one in class had ever dared to fathom such a venture as being anything other than obligatory. “Since the Germanic settlers arrived here back in the late 1700’s, they’ve used Willows Acres as their final resting point. It certainly gives you a perspective on life and death.”
“So you really go there alone?” Harold asked, more unreservedly than any of the other voices. He was obviously fetching for some details that his classmates were simply too apprehensive to query.
“I visit mostly in the warmer weather,” I explained. “One of the most fascinating things about old churchyards is that it’s like taking a walk backwards through time. Some of those grave markers date back over two hundred years.”
“That’s a long time to be dead,” Terri giggled.
“I don’t understand something,” said Jasmine, “what’s so interesting about a bunch of old gravestones?”
“Well, I guess it’s a reminder that people lived here so many years before any of us were born, or even before your parents and grandparents were around. A marker, as insignificant as it may seem to any of us, is the closest physical link to a deceased person.”
My response generated a reflective pause throughout the classroom. I decided to capitalize on their concentration, even if it was feigned. “You see, a phenomenon takes place in every graveyard, but it’s really noticeable in the Moravian churchyards because all the headstones are horizontal rather upright. Although those who are buried in the ground have stopped living, the surrounding earth continues to thrive. Over years, the gravestones begin to settle into the soil, while the grass grows over the markers, in many instances preserving the stones from the harsh elements.”
“But don’t people come to see their relatives and maybe clear off the grass?” asked Andre.”
“Of course, Andre, while they’re still alive. But who tends to the graves after their loved ones and relatives die?”
“Don’t they have a landscaper to cut the grass?” Wanda inquired logically.
“Sure, a caretaker does that, but he only trims around the visible markers. If you go to Willows Acres you’ll notice large empty expanses of freshly clipped lawn, but if you look more closely at the beveled field, the land isn’t as barren as it first appears. Beneath the manicured grass hundreds of forgotten gravestones have been entirely camouflaged. Since there’s no one still alive to remember the people in those burial plots, they remain hidden and essentially lost to the world.”
“That’s so sad in a way, Mr. Cobbs,” muttered Josie as she flipped nonchalantly through the pages of a Cosmopolitan magazine.
“I suppose it can be,” I returned pensively. “But it can also serve as an introspective moment…”
“A what?” Erin interrupted.
“A thoughtful moment, dummy,” snapped an unidentified voice.
“Look,” I proceeded quickly, “everyone is in a hurry to get somewhere and do something. We rarely pause to reflect about the direction of our own lives let alone the course of those who’ve traveled these roads before us. So why not, in your spare time, take a walk over to Willows Acres and find the area I just told you about. Then, trace your fingers along the grass and you’ll likely feel flat stones about two inches beneath the soil. Once you find a marker, peel back the sod just a tad and take a look at the gravestone underneath. Read the stone’s inscription, including the date of birth and death. Then ask yourself: who was this person? What did he or she do in life? For a moment that person suddenly springs to life within your mind, because as we’ve already heard from Terri today, two hundreds years is a long time to be dead, but it’s an eternity to be forgotten.”
“So now we know how Mr. Cobbs spends his summer recess,” Regan huffed audaciously. “Funny, I’m not so surprised.” I learned to ignore Regan’s snide comments only because she’d rather instigate an argument than make a salient contribution to the class.
At least Harold provided me with the encouragement to continue. He perched on the edge of his seat like a praying mantis, waiting to absorb as much insight into this topic as I chose to impart. His eyes remained locked onto mine when he said, “I think it’s a very cool idea, Mr. Cobbs.”
“Creepy is more like it,” Regan tittered. “Hey, Mr. Cobbs, does your wife know that you go out skulking in cemeteries to spy on dead people?”
Regan’s zinger hung on me like a leaden shadow for a moment, and a good portion of the class chuckled disobediently at my expense. I could’ve easily shifted away from the subject at this point, but Harold had more to expostulate. “So what you’re really saying is that we all have a potential of being forgotten after we’re dead,” he remarked.
“It certainly keeps you humble, doesn’t it, Harold?” I asked. “But on the reverse side of things, it’s also a reminder that we all have a chance to make an impression in this world that lasts beyond our limited lifetimes.”
“But what about those people who don’t care to be remembered after they die?” Harold countered. “Is that wrong?”
I realized, of course, that some resentment surfaced in Harold’s words, for he combated oppositional people on a daily basis. He may have already surrendered some of his zest for life, and would’ve preferred to slip into a channel of obscurity to escape the harassment he encountered throughout his adolescence.
“I don’t think it’s necessarily wrong to remain anonymous,” I replied. “But most of us secretly want to believe that our lives matter for something beyond family acquaintances and friendships. After all, if no one cared to be recognized after death, then our landscapes would be cluttered with unmarked headstones.”
“But such places do exist,” Harold contended.
“You should know, Weird Harold,” shouted Colleen through the veil of her fingers. Once again, laughter swelled like a frothing wave, gathering brief momentum before crumbling to my feet with a gentle undertow at the front of the classroom. Harold remained visibly unscathed by the ridicule as he veered toward his next little known narrative.
“There’s an island off the coast of Brooklyn, New York,” he said. “It’s currently a cemetery for thousands of unclaimed bodies buried in pauper graves.”
“You must be referring to Hart Island?” I questioned knowingly.
“Yeah, but I think it has another name, the graveyard that is.”
“Potter’s Field,” I said.
“That’s the one,” Harold verified. “From what I’ve read, a lot of vagrants from the city get buried there, but I think a movie star and a couple of writers did too.”
I should’ve surmised that Harold couldn’t resist an opportunity to exhibit a smidgen of his arcane knowledge. In this instance, I had no idea of what he was referencing, and I’m sure his friends were as equally perplexed. Sometimes it was mildly intriguing to listen to Harold rattle off trivia as if he was reciting it verbatim from his cell-phone.
“That child actor who did the voice for Disney’s “Peter Pan” is buried there. He also played Jim Hawkins in another Disney movie. “Treasure Island”, I think.”
“I never knew that, Harold.” I uttered. “That’s pretty interesting.”
“Yeah. Some kids found him dead in a tenement home in New York City back in the late 60’s. He was probably thirty-something by then. No one claimed his body, so they planted him in Potter’s Field.”
“Do you remember the actor’s name?” Wanda asked Harold.
“No, I guess I forgot,” he responded dejectedly.
“So what might this say for the rest of us?” I proposed.
“I dunno,” said Erin.
“Me either,” said Josie, “but I think I want to be cremated.”
“Well, in this case, fame wasn’t enough to preserve the memory of a very talented childhood actor. So stardom doesn’t automatically guarantee any pomp and circumstance after death, does it?” I asked.
The purpose of my introduction to today’s lesson, of course, wasn’t solely intended for students to implement a degree of humility in their pursuits. Ironically, the student who required the least amount of tutoring on this lecture seemed the most enlightened. For better or worse, Harold Wagner already recognized the fallibilities of being human. The rest of his classmates would’ve been wise to internalize what had just occurred.
Nothing in a scripted lesson plan, however, could’ve ever been carried out flawlessly. As I was about to make a transition into today’s reading of Homer’s epic, another distraction unsettled the students. This one reverberated in a series of pulsating sirens. It was the alarm for a fire drill, and in our high school these occurred as randomly as any true blaze might’ve behaved. Ordinarily, I wouldn’t have given a second thought to an unscheduled drill on Thursday morning. But the custodian’s forewarning suddenly saturated my intuition. I almost hoped something in the school was really burning so I could’ve discarded his earlier claim as gibberish. Now I was compelled to reconsider the hastiness of my cynicism.
A fire drill in the warmer months of the school year had an astounding effect on the students’ otherwise sluggish pace. Upon hearing the alarm, I marveled at the fleetness in which they bounded for the door. They were more unstable than quicksilver under such conditions; even Harold managed to navigate the classroom without tripping over something conspicuous to the rest of us. Not surprisingly, Regan was the last to exit, as her phone messages took precedence over any safety regulation. Before leaving the room, she casually flipped me her middle finger. Her taunting gesture was done in such a way that she could’ve handily dismissed the action. But with my vertigo still unmanageable, I decided to forgo any further discourse with her at the moment.
The school’s policy dictated that all teachers must accompany their students outside the building during any evacuation. Only the principal and select safety officers (formally known as security guards) were permitted to remain inside. For nineteen years I obeyed the rules even when I found them to be officious or disorganized, but I lingered behind in my classroom on this occasion. Maybe it was a resurfacing headache that instigated my rebellion. Whatever the reason, I waited a few minutes before leaving the room, assuring that most of the marauding teenagers were already herded from the hallways. I deemed it no accident that I found myself maneuvering toward the main office. Before advancing approximately thirty steps, however, I sensed my knees wavering as if my joints had disconnected. I managed to prevent myself from collapsing in the center of the corridor by shifting my weight against a boy’s lavatory door.
Rather than risk being discovered unconscious by someone as intrusive as Principal Lemus, I sought refuge in the bathroom. As my dizziness worsened, the floor’s blue and white tiles seemed to undulate beneath my feet as if a squall disseminated within the room. Fortunately, no one else was in the lavatory at this time. I staggered hastily to a stall and locked myself inside it. A fluorescent fixture adjacent to this stall was extinguished, leaving part of my body in shadow. The toilet was clean enough to sit down and rest upon. At least the custodian did something useful when not following me around. I cocked my head back against the wall, now fully incapable of staving off the approaching episode. 
I had already conceded to the fact that I couldn’t halt my illness’s progression anymore than I could’ve prevented my eyes from blinking involuntarily. Whatever was happening in my mind, I anticipated no reprieve as the day continued. If anything, my spells were becoming more uncontrollable with each passing second.




Chapter 20

8:38 A.M.


A shrewd chill seized the murky landscape where I now trod upon, but I remained impervious to the cruel elements. Even still, I found other causes to smear the goose bumps back into my skin while attempting to negotiate my current position. One point was irrefutable: I had once again traversed toward a medieval milieu. A prodigious stone castle erected upon an inlet like an ill-omened relic. With only a crescent moon wedged amidst the roiling clouds, I progressed toward this star fortress’s battlements, almost expecting to be accosted by some harrowing force. I didn’t need to wait long for the first evidence of ancient warriors to materialize.
A band of soldiers on horseback emerged from a fog that blurred the encompassing strait’s ridges. These steely men appeared disposed for battle with armor and accoutrements for mass slaughter in tow. The cavalry’s stallions winnowed and pivoted in formation. I noticed coursers and rounceys anxiously pressing to gallop onward, only to be bridled by the regimented handlers. One man, more distinguished from the ranks, rode atop a destrier. Those who surrounded him waited on his command.
From the midst of this army, one additional man traveled as a pedestrian. It soon became clear that his purpose on this field was not the same as the others. In fact, he strode away from the rider on the broadest warhorse, resolute in his mannerisms to separate himself from their lines. Minus a horse, I wondered how far he might’ve ventured on foot across the unknown country, but since my position was aligned directly with his movement, we seemed fated to come together.
The angular fellow skulked like a shadow in the gloomy light. He wore clothing from collar to boot that was as colorless as the space within a sepulcher. And his face, though youthful and unwrinkled, cast a pallid sheen. It was as though he had endured an inexplicable malady that fluttered his heartbeat with dismay. The forlorn stranger walked with his chin dipped against his chest, as if contemplating the course of anguish yet to come. If I had not stood like a rampart in his path, he might’ve overlooked me entirely.
When our glances finally clashed through the darkness, I watched his eyes narrow with vigilance, almost as how a falcon surveys its prey in flight. Then, with no advance warning, he drew forth a bodkin from a sheath concealed within his cloak. “What parlous patchery doth thou aim at mine eyne?” he asked.
“None, sir,” I said, hoping not to curdle his already spoiled temperament.
“Be thou a knave or a ninny, I shalt brand thee as a villain if you moves’t hither.”
This man’s angst was no longer just an invented product of my reservation, for he was a neurotic character that seemed no more certain of my intentions than he did of his own. I assumed a posture that forecast no threat toward him. My arms remained akimbo while he progressed close enough for me to inspect his stormy eyes.
“I’m lost in my travels,” I said. “I hope I’m not intruding, but it seems that I’ve already done so.”
“’Tis a mark of a lither’d sot unbolt’d in his gait to confess as much,” he said. He then maneuvered closer to me, waving his dagger in such a manner that he could’ve plunged the blade through my throat with a simple reflex. His eyes flitted wildly in their sockets, before trailing away from me to examine the dreary horizon. The nipping air had a contentious grip on his disposition, and he scrutinized the shadows as if searching for an apparition that I couldn’t perceive. “A bugbear doth cometh anight,” he whispered. “Though not yet colour’d by the welkin so bright.”
“Maybe that’s true,” I told him, while assessing the size of the army stationed before us beyond the sound. “But I’m not a foreign fighter for any country east or west. As you can plainly see, I don’t even carry a weapon to defend myself. I mean to cause no foul play here.”
“Ay, but hobgoblins and perturbed spirits hast naught to cower from.”
“You think of me as a ghost? But I am just a misguided wanderer, nothing more or less.”
“I see thou as a cut-purse.”
“But you’re wrong, sir. My name is Corbin Cobbs and I haven’t come to this land to snatch anything other than a few minutes of your time.”
“’Haply so, but methinks thy livery speaks louder than your tongue.”
My clothing, of course, must have made me appear as though I trekked from at least the other side of the continent in this man’s estimations. I couldn’t hide the obviousness of this point. “My homeland is a long way from this place. Truly, I’m a stranger here,” I confessed.
“Merrily, I could’st not see thee as a Danster, sir. But only a peevish geck or mome wilt gambol in such furnishings. The eager wind doth knap at thy flesh even as we station hither.”
“Well, if I had a proper bearing on my whereabouts, I might be able to escape this cold very soon.” I then drew the man’s attention toward the army; they still stirred in the darkness like a regiment of phantom fighters. “I noticed you talking to that man on the large stallion,” I mentioned. “It looks as though warfare is inevitable for those young soldiers.”
“Ay, the Pollacks hast envenom’d young Fortinbras’ mood. “Alas, ’tis more a league in quest of land than one for honor.”
With this admission, this man had inadvertently revealed his identity to me. I now realized that I had ventured upon the outskirts of Elsinore Castle, and the brooding figure standing before me could’ve only been the Prince of Denmark. This son of a murdered king seemed as melancholic as I might’ve imagined anyone who had endured his level of anguish. Judging by his present position, I assumed he was already exiled from his home and in route to England. The Danish prince’s false friends appointed to escort him on this journey, however, were not within my line of sight.
“You are Hamlet,” I uttered aloud. My face now must’ve looked as chalky as the prince’s visage. Hamlet leered at me with indecision. But after evaluating my intentions, he returned his bodkin to its sheath and motioned for me to move onward in my path. “I’m free to pass?”
“Sessa!” He then motioned brazenly toward the immense stronghold of Elsinore. Plumes of fog funneled in smoky drifts off the strait leading into the Baltic Sea. “But be prudent by this tarriance; a woodcock shall find an enshield’d cage within this prison.”
At the moment, I had to fake my ignorance to this kingdom’s misconduct, which lingered like a rotten stench in the frigid air. But I also realized that I had no cause to depart Hamlet’s company now. Whether he understood the purpose of our encounter didn’t matter. I felt there was something indispensable to be learnt from this conflicted procrastinator. 
“If it’s no trouble to you, Prince Hamlet, I’d like to stay with you for awhile,” I proposed.
“To be or not to be hither is now thy privilege,” he remarked solemnly. “But I prithee, how doth thou knowst my name?”
“You must’ve told me,” I fibbed, realizing that I spoken prematurely.
“Nay, I say naught.”
“Well, then it must be that I’ve heard your name mentioned at some stage in my journey.”
If I hoped to fool Hamlet with falsehood, than my plight would’ve been no more prudent than Rosencrantz and Guildenstern’s ill-fated mission. Since Hamlet perceived no malice in my intent, he simply clasped my face with both his palms pressed firmly on my cheeks. He held my head straight so that our eyes couldn’t diverge from one another.
“Thou art pregnant with your ciphering, sir,” he said warily. “What hath been whist to others is now traded by a foreigner. Fie, thou must be a setter.”
I should’ve surmised Hamlet’s incredulous nature. He then examined my eyes more keenly, studying the pupils that must’ve widened into tiny pearls. I decided to remain silent for a moment rather than persuade this prince to believe that I wasn’t in cahoots with a squad of bandits. The evening’s fogginess suddenly enfolded us as I waited for Hamlet’s next action.
“Speak roundly, sir, and unclew thy mind of all hugger mugger,” he advised.
“I will tell you once again that I have no secrets to share, Hamlet.” My earnest reply softened the prince’s gaze, and so I continued. “It is my belief that I’ve come here guided by my own fear. You may be able to help me overcome this emotional hardship.”
For the first time since I set eyes upon this man’s icy face, a smile almost thawed into his expression, but I had no ability to measure the meaning behind it until he spoke again. “Thy tongue flaps so trippingly,” he said. “In sooth, I am as green as a spring laund with such tidings.”
“But I haven’t yet confessed my problem, Prince Hamlet. You asked me to speak openly, and now I beg you to let me honor your request.”
“Chapfallen cullions hast fewer fardels than I,” said Hamlet despondently.
“That is precisely why I need your advice. Who else but a man as tormented as you could handle strife more patiently?”
“Ay, you tax and frush me with thy words, Cobbs. “But I beteem thee to parle further on this acture.”
“It may be difficult for you to understand what I’m going to say,” I proceeded, “but we may be more similar in thought than we are different. We both measure our deeds too closely, sometimes to a degree where we become paralyzed by our own motivations.”
Hamlet’s slight smile faded as I spoke. He then removed his hands from my cheeks and paced a few steps away from me, almost as if hunting for a shadow that couldn’t be found in this mottled moonlight.
“What’s the matter?” I asked him.
“You pash mine ears with thy conceit. Dost thou presume to spial upon the tickings within me? Could’st thou be another jack-a-lent sent for by my fulsome uncle? What say you?”
“I’ve come to Denmark by my own preference and power,” I replied. “Claudius has no stranglehold on my intentions. Do you still wish for me to continue?”
Hamlet paused briefly, pivoting in his stance to check the progress of Fortinbras’ army. The sound of hoofs clopping against the frozen earth verified the cavalry’s movement toward Poland. With their fates yet unwritten, Hamlet swayed back toward me and now clasped my shoulder with one hand. I interpreted this gesture as neither a reaction of animosity nor amity. Perhaps the prince simply sought to confirm my physical composition by touching me again. Giving credence to his recent history with spectral images, I couldn’t fault him for this reassurance.
“Whether a man is young or old, the choices he makes determines his fate,” I continued. “But the margin between success and failure for those decisions is sometimes no thicker than a single strand of hair. Is there ever a right time to act when trying to uncover the truth, Hamlet?”
“Words most dulcet, sir, but ’tis poor weight. Wherefore dost thou mell in this treacherous trade?”
“Is it wrong to search for the answers that may hurt me the most?”
“Nay, but ’tis a reechy trick to coax it from my tongue.”
“Then let me tell you more about my sorrow,” I insisted. “If you find my predicament irrelevant, then please make haste to England. I will delay you no longer than necessary.”
“England shalt do fine sans mine company, Cobbs, but the gallows wilt latch two lobs in place of me.” As the prince spoke these words, two insignificant men emerged from the fog. They walked abreast, stride for stride, with nothing in their eyes to suggest the faintest inclination of worry or wit. Since Hamlet’s false friends approached, I knew my time with him was now limited.
“I’ve come to a point where I must make the most important decision of my life,” I revealed. “But if I’m wrong with my accusation, I’ll lose my wife and best friend forever.”
Hamlet’s eyes brightened with the same intensity as if he had just spotted a troupe of actors. “Gadooks! Thou art a pilgrim distempered. You cleave to your bafflement well, sir. Speak further on this matter.”
“I think she’s been unfaithful, Hamlet.”
“For aught I see, the kicksy wicksy hath turn’d thee into a meacock sot. Didst thou charge her as dishonest?”
“Not directly. My suspicions aren’t confirmed yet. But I know if I accuse her without tangible evidence, she’ll just blame me for being jealous and irrational.”
“Ay, ’tis a saucy she-fox,” said Hamlet, “who nibbles on chicks and faults the cock. But mark me, Cobbs: a ronvon doth flourish like a weed in a garden unchecked. Look to it.”
Hamlet’s quick judgment on this quandary startled me. Maybe I expected him to vacillate with his offering, perhaps even justify the procrastination that prevented me from confronting my wife. But then again: was this prince merely applying his own brand of deception to undo me? His motivations perplexed mostly everyone he encountered. Despite my uncertainty, I sought to pick his brain more heartily on the subject.
“We both know where rash choices lead,” I declared. As I spoke these words, I recalled the incident that ushered Hamlet to this moment. If only he checked behind the arras before running his rapier through Polonius in his mother’s chamber, his circumstances would’ve certainly bent in another direction. I needed to act with more discipline. “I don’t want to be thought of as a man who lost faith in his wife without a good reason. Until recently, I’ve always trusted her.”
“And doth thy giglot extend such courtesy to thee?”
“She’s never had any reason to doubt me. Since we met, I haven’t been intimate with another woman,” I said.
“Zounds! Ne’er a leman to wax thy cravings?”
“I wouldn’t cheat on my wife. Even if I thought about it on a whim once or twice, I couldn’t go through with it. I care about her too much.”
“And thou still houses a hackney,” he mused crossly. “List, my chuck, a fair baggage doth cloud the brain of a beetle-headed man. Marry, carnal deeds art oft daub’d.”
“What do you think I should do now? I still might be wrong about her.”
“Thou art not a bisson’d lym on a false scent, Cobbs.”
“But even if she is having an affair,” I resumed, “is that enough to walk away from my marriage without at least trying to make it better?”
“That you must tender for thyself.”
I must’ve appeared pathetically mawkish in the eyes of the prince when I declared, “I think I still love her, Hamlet. In fact, I’ve never really loved anyone else.”
“O,’ gull, thy yellowness hath made you brainsickly. To pet a riggish woman is akin to taming an asp. Her fangs shalt make worm food of thee.”
Hamlet’s words tolled like a church bell in my ear. I recognized that the prince’s state of affairs had subjected him to a misery that was even greater than my own. The black bile boiled in the pit of his stomach. Our indecision had cost us much of our dignity. The hesitation in accusing my wife of adultery served as my biggest detriment now. Guilt had shackled me to the ground as if iron fetters were in place, while she hovered above the earth like a sprite too bright to gaze upon.
By now, even those vaguely familiar with Hamlet knew that he was a furtive character. His inconsistencies boggled my mind, but then I remembered Polonius’s precepts and knew that those who often imparted the wisest advice were least likely to follow it. Maybe I didn’t even want to know anything more from this crestfallen prince. Unlike a spouse’s philandering expeditions, some notions were better kept shrouded beneath an inky cloak of secrecy.
“’Tis the witching hour anon,” said Hamlet as he scanned a purple vein of light pulsating into the low horizon. He then settled his oscillating eyes on me one last time before saying, “Get thee to a respite where a willow tree meshes on the wharf. And let not a craven claw thy eyne twain.”
I knew where Hamlet wanted me to go, and it was a journey that required me to break away from Denmark and all of its characters’ debauchery. I still couldn’t leave the prince without wondering if we’d ever cross paths again.
“I’d like to believe that we might talk in the future,” I said. “I think there’s much more I can learn from you, Prince Hamlet. You’re a man not easily forgotten.”
“I pray you, sir, not to glose so expedient with thy praise. In sooth, thou art to me what am I to thee. Naught more, Naught less.”
And with those words, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern marched mechanically through the fog and took their fated positions on either side of the wily prince. I almost felt pity for these two fools, but not nearly enough to change the course of this tragedy. I stood motionless as the swirling air enveloped the land for as far as it stretched outward toward the sea. Hamlet nodded his chin at me wryly, as if we were the only two men in all of Denmark who had privilege to the events yet to befall this doomed monarchy. I watched this grim-faced enigma gradually dissolve into the crisp darkness, but it was already verified that he would’ve never faded from my recollections.


Chapter 21

8:41 A.M.


The whoosh of a flushing toilet roused me into consciousness. This time, adding to my humility, I found myself bent double over a porcelain commode with only my elbows preventing me from plunging headlong into the bowl. Fortunately, a custodian must’ve already sanitized this bathroom before I staggered inside. I didn’t detect any random pattern of misfired urine yellowing everything but its intended target. At this stage my vertigo prevented me from standing upright immediately, so I remained stooped upon the tiles inside the stall. If nothing else, my illness provided a resource for me to absorb some of the bawdy limericks scrawled on the interior dividers. Before now, I never really noticed how poetic (and lewd) some of these kids were.
At least the lavatory’s stall insulated me from prying eyes. But as I gathered my composure, I wondered who flushed the toilet. My hands were still crisscrossed in front of me over the bowl’s rim; a flush handle was mounted against the wall. It was possible that I unintentionally hit this lever during my episode, but a more likely scenario was that someone had entered the bathroom after I had already passed out. I then directed my attention toward a broken lighting fixture in the ceiling above the stall adjacent to my right side.
Beneath the partition, I noticed a soiled white sneaker shuffling on the tiled floor. Rather than make my presence known at once, I remained silent as this individual exited the stall and stopped directly in front of the washbasins. A slight division in the blue paneled door permitted me to glimpse a student standing near the sink. I didn’t detect the sound of running water, so I presumed he was simply staring into the mirror. For now, I decided to maintain my stealthy watch. Besides, I currently had no desire to confess that I was using the boys’ lavatory as my sanctuary. After nearly a minute, however, this kid still hadn’t walked away from the sink. Since I presumed most of the other students were outside for the fire drill, it occurred to me that this boy was hiding out for the duration. Apparently, I wasn’t the only one in this school who found the timing of this evacuation inconvenient. I couldn’t berate him for violating the exact rule I had ignored. But after nearly two minutes, I realized that most boys didn’t preen their features in a mirror for this length of time unless wounded.
Another thirty seconds elapsed before I decided to test my own stability by rising to my feet and opening the stall’s door. My reflection appeared in the glass that the boy stood in front of, and this startled him to a degree where he almost surrendered his footing on the slick tile. Honestly, I don’t know which one of us was more mortified, but he must’ve assumed that I had intentions to discipline him for flouting the fire drill’s procedures. I noticed a pair of horn-rimmed eyeglasses set precariously on the edge of the sink’s basin, and an overstuffed knapsack on the floor that looked as if it contained half of the school’s library books.
When the boy turned toward me, I tried not to wince, but my reaction must’ve been apparent by the way he rounded his shoulders in a gesture befitting of demoralization. I had seen this uncomely face on many occasions in the hallways, but I didn’t really know (or care to know) his name. Unfortunately, the boy’s head was disproportionately massive in relation to his skinny neck, and misshapen to an extent where it was distracting even by observance through peripheral vision. Adding to this unsymmetrical visage, his skin was laden monstrously with acne that frothed like a sea of white pearls across his forehead, cheeks and chin. His eyes, both squinty and sty-clustered, revealed no spark of vitality. If this kid had ever done anything that required an ounce of physical exertion, it was not obvious in his posture. His arms dangled slackly at his sides, almost as if stitched onto his torso by a farsighted seamstress with a malicious streak. His clothes appeared at least as grubby as his sneakers; they hung on him with the same unkemptness of a vagabond’s wardrobe.
The boy leaned awkwardly against the sink, staring at me as one might’ve gazed cautiously upon a solar eclipse. His hands fumbled over the wet porcelain, grappling for his glasses with the same urgency as a displaced fish thirsting for water. I felt ashamed for noticing his flaws after greeting him, but I couldn’t pretend to be oblivious to these malformations. I imagined the ridicule that he endured on a daily basis as he slunk through the school’s corridors, invisible to all but those who wished to decimate his character. To him, high school must’ve seemed as antagonistic as a penitentiary. After nearly forty months of abuse at the hands of the students, I wondered what undetectable damage stirred within his mind.
Rather than augment the boy’s insecurities by locking eyes, I averted my stare. I then approached the sink basin and turned on the faucet. Lukewarm water trickled from the spout. My interaction with him was intentionally casual. “How’s it going?” I asked. Since I anticipated his reluctance to speak, I opted for some lighthearted repartee. “Just between you, me, and this sink,” I started, “I don’t care much for fire drills, and I can see that you’re not too crazy about them either, huh?”
The boy remained almost expressionless while clasping his eyeglasses. I continued to wash my hands, but while doing so I observed his mannerisms in the mirror’s reflection. He transferred his concentration from me to the blown fluorescent lighting fixture in the ceiling at least twice during this short interval. “I’ll make you a deal,” I offered. “I won’t say anything about you hiding out in here during the drill if you return the favor. Fair enough?”
“I’m not hiding,” the boy insisted, sounding peeved by my assumption. I proceeded to turn off the faucet and reached for a beige paper towel from a dispenser on the wall. After drying my hands, I tossed the crumpled wad of paper in a trash basket and waited for him to move toward the lavatory’s exit. When he didn’t budge, I became a little suspicious of his behavior.
“The kids will be back inside soon,” I said. “Maybe you can get a head start to your next class if you get moving.”
“If I leave now,” he explained in a voice just higher than a whisper, “Dr. Lemus will know I skipped the drill. The last thing I need today is anymore trouble.”
The boy then occupied himself by reclaiming his bulging knapsack from the floor. I wouldn’t have imagined such a skeletal kid harnessing the strength to tote what looked to be Atlas’s weight upon his shoulders, but he managed to loop the carrier’s straps around his arms and hoist the bundle on his back. As he accomplished this chore, I attempted to recall his name. Eventually, after my thoughts came up blank, curiosity prompted me to pursue a more formal acquaintance with him.
“What’s your name?” I asked bluntly.
“Great,” he huffed. “I knew you were gonna report me to the principal.”
“I didn’t say that. I just asked you what your name was.”
“Stanley,” he said sheepishly.
“Stanley,” I repeated with emphasis on the missing portion of his surname.
His threadlike upper lip quivered momentarily before he clarified, “Stanley Glacer.”
This, of course, was not the first time I encountered his name today. I instantly remembered that Mrs. Fassal had mentioned him to me earlier this morning. Since Stanley became the latest patsy to instigate Drew Mincer’s wrath, I now understood his reluctance to depart the lavatory.
“You know, it’s sort of coincidental,” I remarked, “but I was just having a conversation about you this morning with Mrs. Fassal.” My statement didn’t prompt any significant reaction from Stanley. As a matter of fact, he looked at me as though he stared directly into the eyes of Medusa.
By now Stanley returned his eyeglasses to his face, which only served to magnify his grotesqueness, particularly the scars pitting his cheeks. The boy’s jaundiced eyeballs increased at least two sizes through the bifocal lenses, which provided me with a distinct vantage into his state of anxiousness. He must’ve anticipated that I was told more than he wanted me to know.
“What did she say about me?” he asked, reservedly.
“She mentioned you were having a problem with someone in her class.” Since Stanley was no more familiar with me than I was to him, I didn’t expect him to volunteer anything too delicate to his sensibilities. For a moment he cast a forlorn stare at his feet and clicked the heels of his sneakers together as if he wore a magical pair of ruby slippers. But both of us wholeheartedly knew that simply wishing for a delivery to a different environment didn’t amount to much of a change.
“Hey, you’re Mr. Cobbs, aren’t you?” he inquired.
I confirmed the boy’s question with a single nod.
“My older sister had you for English about five years ago,” he then remarked.
“Really?” I said, pretending to be astonished. “Who’s your sister?”
“Stacy,” he replied with a residue of envy adhering to his tone. For a moment I stood dumb faced while trying to sort through hundreds of former students who traipsed in and out of my classroom over the past five years. Among them I’m sure two or three girls shared that first name, but I couldn’t extract an image of anyone who resembled this boy who stood like a decrepit troll before me now.
“I’m not surprised you don’t remember her,” Stanley commented. “She was kind of shy like me, but not as ugly though.”
I purposely ignored Stanley’s last comment, but his self-criticism reverberated like a shotgun between my ears. Not too many kids in high school accessed their physical imperfections so overtly, or at least they didn’t concede to them as frankly as I just heard. It saddened me to know that this boy already recognized his social status was hindered by something as superficial as a pleasant appearance. I identified with Stanley’s dilemma more closely than he would’ve believed, but I didn’t intend to expound on those particulars just yet.
“Do you feel like talking about what’s going on between you and Drew?” I asked.
“Not really. By the way, my sister told me you were a pretty cool teacher.”
In the uncomplimentary realm of education, I learned to accept such verbiage as being as close to a nod of admiration that I’d ever achieve from any student. Of course, I also refrained from polishing my trophy case before any awards were displayed inside it.
“She also said that you don’t look people in the eyes when you talk to them,” Stanley added. “I once read somewhere that this behavior means the person is hiding something. Isn’t that interesting, Mr. Cobbs?”
“Profoundly, Stanley.”
“Well, at least it explains why you can’t remember my sister.”
Stanley’s curt reminder of my inability to sustain eye contact with students and other faculty members was no revelation to me. Perhaps I struggled with my own introverted nature at times, but I had become marginally more adept at concealing my insecurities as the years went by. In order to verify my progress I purposely trained my eyes at the boy’s face without even flinching, and this was no easy feat by any man’s account.
“Look,” I resumed, “I understand your unwillingness to talk about this situation with me, but I can get you in touch with a counselor if you think it will help.”
“I don’t know what Mrs. Fassal told you, but there’s nothing going on.” Stanley’s wooly eyebrows twitched like two metamorphic caterpillars as he fed me this lie. I also sensed a hint of derision in his voice when he spoke again. “Besides, it’s not like Drew just became a menace around this place. Why does it matter to you all of a sudden?”
“Hey, Stanley, I know all about the garbage Drew gets away with. Someone in this school should’ve done something about his behavior long before now.”
“Sure, Mr. Cobbs, whatever you say. Are we done here now?”
“I don’t think so. We still have a few things to discuss.”
Stanley’s eyes pinched into slivers of white. He looked like a cockeyed scientist trying to probe the interior portion of my brain. “Why do you want to get involved?” he asked.
“To be honest, I didn’t,” I responded candidly. “But Mrs. Fassal seemed genuinely upset, and she decided to put me in the loop. Now that I’m here, I can’t just back off and pretend like nothing is going on. Besides, I might be able to stop this spat before it gets any worse.”
Teachers determined quite early on in their careers that acquiring trust and respect from their students didn’t necessarily come without painstaking labor. Stanley certainly wasn’t going to confide in me without exploring my ulterior motives, but I also suspected that such an offer hadn’t been extended to him in the past. His face relaxed as he pondered my proposal, allowing the crimson stains marring his cheeks to soften a shade or two.
“Drew has been picking on me this whole year in that class,” he confessed. “But I’ve been dealing with bullies like him since I started first-grade.”
“That doesn’t make it acceptable,” I countered, sounding more like a therapist than a teacher. Sometimes a distinction between these two professions wasn’t readily apparent. I gathered that Stanley was subjected to enough well intended sound bites to placate even the most skeptical teenager. But a glaring reality was that sympathetic promises amounted to nothing but fluff in the heads of Drew’s beleaguered victims. Kids like Stanley Glacer wanted an antidote to bullying that worked, and the enthusiasm implemented to ignite a surefire solution always fizzled out with minimal results.
“Thanks for offering to help,” Stanley continued, “but up until a couple of days ago I dealt with Drew just by ignoring his rude comments. Take it from a bona fide expert on getting his ass kicked—eventually, even imbeciles like Drew grow bored of taunting kids who don’t backtalk. After all, you can only call someone ‘lava cheeks’ or ‘fester face’ a few hundred times before the rest of the class stops laughing, right?”
“But I take it your strategy isn’t working anymore?”
“No,” he replied shamefacedly. “I guess things aren’t going to turn out as neat and tidy as I originally planned. Drew wants to pulverize me now. Apparently, belittling me for nearly nine months wasn’t satisfying his deranged personality.”
“Why do you think he wants to hurt you physically at this point?”
Stanley instantaneously wrapped his skinny arms around his torso as if chilled by the briskness of our interaction. His embarrassment required no further clarification, but I sensed an authentic effort at compliance on his part. “I’ll tell you what happened in two words,” he murmured. Then, staying true to his assertion, he uttered, “Regan Cordell.”
Stanley must’ve witnessed sheer repugnance surging into my expression upon the pronouncement of that girl’s name. Whether it was politically correct or not, I had only recently become comfortable with disliking certain students based on the credibility of their characteristics, just as I did with adults. In my mind, I couldn’t designate more than one other student in the entire school district who was more deserving of contracting a disfiguring ailment than this manipulator.
“You look like you know who I’m talking about,” Stanley observed.
“Unfortunately, I do,” I answered, but I didn’t feel compelled to mention my earlier squabble with her today. “Are you saying that Regan is somehow involved?”
“Monday morning,” Stanley explained, “I was preparing some slides for Mr. Kimble’s biology lab. It was one of those rare days when Regan actually decided to show up for class. Anyway, as I returned to my seat with a tray of phials, I must’ve tripped on a table leg or something…”
“And so you accidentally spilled the phials on Regan?” I interrupted.
“Not exactly,” said Stanley, pausing to recollect the details of his story. “In fact, I didn’t spill any of the solvents on her. Most of the stuff splattered in a sink or on the floor next to Regan’s workstation.”
“So what happened after you tripped?”
“Nothing really. But according to Candice Bellows, who sits on the opposite side of the room, as I was falling I bumped into Regan and grabbed her…well, you know.” Stanley hesitated as his face flushed with mortification. He cupped one of his hands on the pocket of his cranberry-colored shirt.
“Hold on a second,” I said. “Did Candice say that you touched Regan, or did Regan accuse you first?”
“From what I remember it was Candice, at first. I know that Regan jumped out of the way and I fell against the side of her work table.” He now pointed his finger to his shoulder. “I still got the bruise.”
“But Candice said that you grabbed Regan inappropriately—is that right?”
Stanley motioned to his chest again, this time with both hands. I had every reason to suspect that this boy was emotionally incapable of purposely groping a girl’s breast.
“If you know Regan,” Stanley proceeded, “then you must realize that she craves attention. “So right after I tripped, Candice started squawking at me, calling me a sick pervert and other unmentionable names. Next thing I know, Regan accused me of touching her boobs.”
“I see where this is going,” I muttered.
“Down the tubes for me,” he sulked. “As my luck would have it, Regan and Drew have joined forces to rid Ravendale of any inferior types. She threatened that he was going to break all of my fingers off my hand and shove them one-by-one up my….” Stanley paused and lowered his hands to his rear end. “Well, I think you can guess the rest.”
Had this sort of intimidation derived from anyone other than Regan, I might’ve refrained from intervening right away. But firsthand knowledge of the girl’s vindictive nature in combination with Drew’s troglodytic mindset added legitimacy to Stanley’s plight. My plan to serve as a mediator now took on a greater relevance in my mind. Of course, Stanley must’ve deduced that he had absolutely no hope of fending off any assault from Drew. Although I hadn’t done anything like this previously, Stanley’s circumstance seemed like it merited a bit of special attention.
“Listen,” I told him earnestly. “I don’t know you very well as a student, but I’m pretty sure you’re telling me the truth. Has Regan ever given you any trouble before Monday?”
“Not that I can remember.”
“I wonder why she’s suddenly keen on causing you so much grief?”
“Don’t think about her motives rationally, Mr. Cobbs. Everyone knows that Regan is on a quest to personally humiliate as many misfits as she can before graduation.”
“Did you ever hear her say that?”
“Isn’t it obvious? Just watch the hallways a little bit more closely and you’ll see what I’m talking about. She can’t accomplish all the dirty work by herself, so that’s where Drew steps in. He’s as restless as a shark to chew up anyone she picks out of a crowd. I just happen to be the latest hunk of chum.”
“Listen to me closely, Stanley,” I said. “I’m not going to stand by idly and let Drew Mincer run rampant in this school. He should’ve been thrown out of here two years ago. Someone has to stop him. I think I should be the one to try.”
I couldn’t be positive, but I believe I saw a tiny smile skitter across the boy’s paper-thin lips. To me, Stanley’s fleeting gesture signified his support, although he would’ve never confessed as much in my company.
“I’m glad that you believe me, Mr. Cobbs,” he said, “but I don’t think you can make it any better. Actually, you might even end up doing more damage.”
The boy’s cynicism didn’t seem outlandish to me. I understood the perils of infiltrating the invisible boundaries that separated teachers from teenagers. We were obligated to involve ourselves in their social conflicts only to a certain measure, and then expected to recognize the limitations of our benevolence. The teachers who lasted the longest in the classroom often conducted their jobs like a business, where the finished product demonstrated its value in the form of credible grades and test scores. Anyone hoping to achieve more lofty objectives usually ended up as a disenchanted educator within the first five years.
Stanley sought no part of my altruism, or at least that’s what he wanted me to conclude. The simple truth was that most students recovered unscathed from a physical beating at the hands of their social equals. But in high school, lost respect was as unsalvageable as burnt wreckage. At the risk of completely spoiling Stanley’s already curdled reputation, I decided that I couldn’t ignore his predicament.
“I know you think you can handle this on your own,” I said, “but Drew’s not the type of kid who backs off very easily. Maybe I can persuade him to change his mind.”
“What makes you think it’ll be any different this time?” Stanley scoffed at what he must’ve viewed as green ambition on my part. Of course, even I harbored considerable doubt about my ability to change Drew’s modus operandi. Stanley continued to dissuade my expectations. “In fact, Mr. Cobbs, there’s nothing you or anyone else can do to prevent guys like Drew Mincer from picking on kids like me. Hatred must be built into his genetic code or something.”
Stanley’s listless concession unnerved me, but I realized that his defeatism was a common symptom of those who were habitually bullied in school. I still refused to walk away without trying to alter his perception. “Are you just going to put up with Drew’s crap for the rest of the year, Stanley?”
“You know how it is,” he replied. “The more I resist punishment, the worse it’ll get. I guess some kids were just born to be abused.”
“Stop thinking like that,” I chided him. “We’ll never be able to make a difference if we just give up and let the bullies control everything around here.”
“You’re starting to sound like one of the kids, Mr. Cobbs.”
“So be it then. I’m more concerned about helping you.”
“You’ll just prolong my agony,” he pouted. “I can’t change what I am or who I am.”
“What does that mean? How do you really see yourself, Stanley?”
The boy brooded over my words in silence for a moment before he directed my attention to his reflection in the mirror. He nearly winced at the hideous sight of himself. I wanted to tell him to look beyond the mirror’s surface and find something that made him feel important. But I couldn’t muster the audacity to lie to him. At Stanley’s age, and probably even my own, people instinctually judged each other’s worth on physical indicators. This callous process of elimination only seemed more prevalent in high school because young people were less likely to conceal their condemnation. In this moment, Stanley was far too wise to not know that his unpopularity was linked like an iron chain to his ugliness.
“Maybe if I become rich and famous someday,” he mused facetiously, “I could fool myself into believing that people liked me for my personality.”
“I know how you’re feeling, Stanley,” I admitted. “Sometimes I’ll stop in front of a mirror and just wish there was another face staring back at me.” As I looked at myself now, it seemed like a reasonable suggestion. My own ill health gave me a haggard appearance. I looked dreadfully tired, and perhaps frailer than at any previous moment since discovering my sickness.
“You’re not as disgusting as me,” said Stanley. “Anybody can see that.”
“I’m going to be honest with you,” I proceeded, “I wasn’t very popular in high school either.” I then attempted to interject some humor. “The worst part is that I’m still not popular, and I’m still in high school.” He almost released a long repressed smile, but sorrow weighted his mouth into a frown as if he had an anchor hitched to his jaw.
“I guess we’ll both just have to accept our situations and deal with them the best way we can,” he muttered.
Stanley’s resolution sounded too sophisticated and rehearsed for me to let it go unchecked. I decided to present another question to him before he decided that we had nothing more to discuss. “Before you go to class, there is something else I’d like to ask you,” I said.
He now turned away from the mirror and adjusted the luggage on his back. “Okay,” he said, shrugging his shoulders. “What is it now?”
“This morning when I spoke to Mrs. Fassal, she mentioned something to me that she considered very serious.” I waited for Stanley to reveal some telltale expression of acknowledgment, but he instead resumed the façade of a stone statuette. “It had something to do with a handwritten note,” I continued, hoping to spawn a noticeable reaction. He remained remarkable stoic, however. “She said that it was your penmanship.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Mr. Cobbs,” he said finally. He then shifted his footing, perhaps trying to accommodate the humongous knapsack on his back. It looked like he was transporting a satchel full of bricks rather than books. His denial flew off his tongue too rapidly for me to accept.
“She told me that a note slipped out of your book bag yesterday when you were leaving class,” I said.
“It must be an interesting note,” Stanley returned. “Did you see it, too?”
“Yes. She showed it to me.”
“Well, what do you want me to say?”
“Did you write the note, Stanley?” He simply shook his head, keeping his mouth sealed as if his lips were sutured from corner to corner. “Look, I know kids jot down their impulsive thoughts all the time, and most of those don’t mean anything. But Mrs. Fassal was pretty upset by this note. She’s thinking about going to the principal with it. I just wanted to let you know.”
“That’s fine with me, Mr. Cobbs, because as I already told you, I don’t know anything about the note.”
“Your teacher was just worried that it was a real threat.”
“Oh, and wouldn’t that be a terrible tragedy if it was? After all, we can’t have students writing anything that might be viewed as a nasty threat against someone like Drew Mincer, right? What would that do to our school’s public image? Besides, it’s not the right order of things, is it? The bullies are supposed to intimidate the rest of us. How would it look if a sniveling, lowlife coward actually had the nerve to stand up to one of them? That would just throw this whole place out of kilter.”
Even a deaf man could’ve deciphered Stanley’s sardonic tone, and I suddenly felt dastardly for merely presenting the issue. I had already embarrassed us both by doing more than what my contract stipulated. Although I couldn’t sway Stanley to say anything further on the matter, I still planned to pursue the intervention with Drew Mincer.
“You should get to class now,” I advised him. “But I want you to know that I’m going to talk to Drew about what you told me.”
The boy looked at me as if I was pathetically numb to high school’s unscripted protocol. He didn’t bother to utter anything else to me. He just turned sluggishly toward the lavatory’s door and schlepped away like a wounded animal newly freed from a trap. How could I fault him for devolving into such a gelid bitterness? Unless I had a power to transform his unsightliness into something more favorable, there was no way that he’d ever accept my sympathy as authentic.
As adults, we often assumed we had a failsafe remedy for social inadequacies at our command. Time was supposed to mend the scars of those who suffered the most lashings. The pitiful fact, of course, was that no one who was ridiculed or battered in high school ever displaced the memories entirely from their minds. In some cases, four years in one’s life altered the outcome of all those that followed. Even now, as I stood slump-shouldered in front of the lavatory’s mirror, I glimpsed at traces of my own ongoing failures and how they were seeded when I was very young. Regrets gnawed away at a man’s flesh like maggots on carrion. I often compared this process to an apparently painless consumption of one’s dreams. In many unutterable ways, the reflection of Stanley Glacer and my own blended as a seamless image, serving as a sullen reminder of the self-loathing and regret that haunted us throughout the ages.
In these seconds I couldn’t drag myself away from the glass. I studied my darkening eyes, wondering why the spark seemed so diminished. Cold sweat formed in dollops on my skin, and I then knew that my episodes had no intentions of ceasing. This malady manipulated my recollections as unstintingly as an old mariner’s hands gripping a taut fishing line. I was now sent reeling into the choppy fathoms of my subliminal thoughts, while simultaneously struggling to resist the bait cast in a directionless path.


Chapter 22

8:52 A.M.


An ice-covered terrain unfurled before my eyes, and yet I walked toward this realm of glittering glaciers without any clothing or gear suited for the task. Icy spires rose from the topography, impaling the heavens like the lances of descended angels. No other footsteps or feasible pathways marred the pristine surroundings. I moved as unhindered as a cloud coasting across the mountains’ peaks. Eventually, I crossed a region of boulders teetering precariously on snow-capped precipices. Nearer to my direct passage, a frozen plain of water expanded between the craggy formations.
Although it was daylight, only random wedges of sunlight permeated a band of clouds that spilled across the horizon like an oil slick. For a moment, I paused to savor the grandeur of this scene while watching a white mist swoop over the landscape like sheer linen billowing in a gale. My ears couldn’t escape the lonely cadence of my own breathing reverberating across the tarn of ice. I hollered a nonsensical call, trying to mask an ominous feeling of desolation surging within me. This avalanche of emotion delivered me no comfort. I suddenly felt like the last man alive on Earth, or at least the only one within thousands of miles from this barren location. But in accordance with my dreams, I knew that I had not trekked to this place to stand in seclusion.
Presumably, adventurers often craved the unspoiled backdrop of such regions. For many, retreating from humanity was a preference rather than punishment. But for how long could any man truly exist without interaction? I still believed that each man required a certain period of isolation in his lifetime, if for no other reason than to examine the interior elements of his persona. But could sanity survive perpetually in a mind that didn’t have the chatter of others to rely upon? Could we manage the voices of our own subconscious thoughts, or was the furious vibration between our temples too harrowing to confront? I settled upon one of the largest boulders amidst this scenery, welcoming the savage beauty of this backdrop. The lonesome breath of an unfettered wilderness exhaled at my shoulder. Such isolation seemed to course through my blood like a sedative, and I almost basked in this solitude if it was not for one irrefutable notion. I was instinctively human, and whether I deemed this genetic circumstance as an advantage or not, I recognized that creatures of my design couldn’t exist harmoniously without likeminded company.
While I continued to contemplate some of my most shielded recollections, a rain began to pelt my skin like dull bullets. I glanced skyward and studied the cumulous clouds churning like the broth of a witch’s cauldron across the atmosphere. The darker cloudbanks appeared in the shapes of my forgotten or abandoned friends. I suddenly felt my mood submerging into sadness. What was the point of this forlornness? Was I meant to reflect upon the people who once held rank in my past, but now barely merited even a splinter of my fractured time? The longer the cold rain drilled against my brow, the deeper my regrets loomed. I understood the ache of loneliness and how even those apparently inundated by a throng of acquaintances would’ve relinquished them all for the solidarity of one true friendship.
It remained unknown to me on how long I could’ve endured the frosty environs that I now traversed, but my eyes gradually focused on another curious vision. Was it even possible to have a hallucination within a dream? There seemed to be no other explanation for the image I observed skulking across the rocky territory. I smeared the rainwater from my eyes, hoping to wipe away the hulking apparition as if it was comprised of nothing more tangible than droplets of water. But this was a foolhardy expectation on my behalf. Instead of disappearing within the mounting mist, the figure edged nearer to my position as if it held a compass to locate my precise whereabouts. I estimated its size as at least nine feet in height, and most likely possessing the girth of three mature men. It was cloaked in a ragged garment that looked as dismal as the distant storm clouds. I watched as it bounded across the solidified tarn with the same fluency as I had displayed moments ago.
As the figure maneuvered within ten feet from where I rested, I noticed how horribly disfigured it appeared. This was not truly a person, at least not one of original wholeness. It seemed like a patchwork rendering of a man; an ample portion of its exposed flesh was decayed or oddly misshapen. After as it pealed back the cloak’s hood from its head, I realized how appallingly repulsive it was. The figure stared at me as an interloper might’ve scrutinized another outcast. Its yoke-colored eyes glared uncompromisingly in my direction. I discerned nothing in its visage that resembled compassion. Suture-scarred skin enwrapped its jaundiced face; gangrenous lesions spoiled the flesh around its temples and neck. Additionally, the lips of this figure were as black as a beetle’s shell and unusually contrasted by teeth nearly as white as virgin snowfall. The mere sight this monstrosity almost caused me to vomit on my own shoes.
In this initial moment of observation I revealed no gesture or word that might’ve instigated this gargantuan figure’s fury. Despite its daunting stature and dreadful countenance, I had no reason to suspect that it intended to harm me. A few additional seconds elapsed before I identified my present location. This time, my arbitrary wanderings had transported me to Glacier Montanvert to intermingle with the nameless creation spawned from the vainglorious pursuits of Doctor Victor Frankenstein.
At this point I already knew that the creature had shunned the human race, and in the process exacted its vengeance against any person even remotely linked to its creator. If I professed any personal knowledge of Frankenstein, the creature would’ve surely punished me for such an association. But the monster must’ve already recognized the improbability of encountering me in proximity to where it planned to confront its maker. I hadn’t yet devised a rational explanation for my jaunt into such a feral and unforgiving world. As the frigid rain continued to assault all that it touched, the hideous fiend set its feet in the snow squarely in front of me.
“Thou art not the man I anticipated,” the creature hissed. It spoke with an unambiguous rancor; its voice was as atrociously distorted as its stitched flesh. If it had any blood pumping through its arteries and veins, it must’ve been as dense as the arctic dome of Mont Blanc’s summit. Only a clever and compassionate response would’ve spared me the agony that Victor’s younger brother had already endured. From the creature’s words, I surmised that it hadn’t yet interacted with Frankenstein. Whether or not this served as an advantage for me remained as undefined as this monster’s features.
When I didn’t immediately respond to the creature’s words, it stepped within striking distance of me. Judging by its claw-like hands alone, it could’ve easily torn the limbs from my torso. A repulsive odor of rotting flesh mixed with a cold wind; this aroma was alternately rancid and sickeningly sweet. The scars wedged into its forehead and temples seemed to have originated from a butcher’s cleaver rather than a doctor’s scalpel. The majority of these makeshift incisions had healed as best as they ever would, but an unmistakable infection resided in a place I couldn’t possibly observe. Despite my revulsion, I attempted to maintain whatever composure still existed within me.
“What brings thou to such a forsaken land?” the creature inquired.
“I am a man out searching,” I said, using vagary as my ally once again. “But I am a peaceful traveler.”
“Not conceivable,” uttered the abhorred creature. “If thou art a spawn of Adam, corruptness is thy constant companion.”
Perhaps it was already too late for me to tout the attributes of my own kind, for this creature had firsthand knowledge of our most pernicious fallibilities. I had already surrendered any prospect of trying to cajole it with stories that highlighted our superior intellect; the creature had formerly educated itself with the literature of Milton’s “Paradise Lost” and Goethe’s “The Sorrows of Young Werther.” I therefore didn’t expect to teach the creature a lesson about humanity more than I anticipated learning one.
“I didn’t think I’d find another living being out here,” I stated. Maybe the glint of fear blooming in my eye was misinterpreted as joy by the creature. It seemed perplexed by my indifference to this situation.
“And to be alone in this world is your wish?” it asked.
“Not always, but being by yourself on occasion can be cathartic.”
“But thou hast a choice. Without another direction to consider, wouldst thou be so invulnerable to isolation?”
My knowledge of the creature’s prior deeds prevented me from accepting it as a victim any more than an architect of malevolence. The question he presented to me, however, was the same one I pondered before his arrival.
“Men weren’t made to walk alone,” I replied, confirming what the creature had ascertained during its forced reclusion. “I suppose we all seek recognition from others at times, and not many among us like the voices stirring in our minds when no one else is around to listen.”
The odious being evaluated my confession with a pensive glare. Its watery eyes seemed to cradle the raindrops cascading from the heavens. The black hair framing its skull was pasted in place like charred fingers. During this moment I wondered if this brute had ever truly felt the kindness that he would’ve soon avowed to his creator.
“Thou art a man of peculiar origin,” the creature remarked. “What name hath been assigned to you?”  I told the creature my name, but there was a hint of reservation in my voice because this admission suddenly set me apart from it. “And art thou acquainted to a man by the name of Frankenstein?”
“No,” I said firmly. “I never met the man.”
“Then if I asked this same question to him, wouldst I receive a similar response?”
In this matter the creature’s intent was very pointed, but I already realized that it would’ve disposed of me without remorse if it suspected I had any connection whatsoever to its maker. “As I just told you,” I repeated adamantly, “I don’t know the man you speak of.”
The creature’s appetite to murder anyone remotely associated with Frankenstein looked momentarily glutted. It unclenched its meaty hands, revealing bloodstained palms that foretold of its unscrupulous doings. At least it appeared content to allow me to survive a bit longer. It then elected to position itself on a rocky surface beside me. The stench of human decomposition filtered into my nostrils. As unbearable as this odor was, I maintained my composure.
“Thou hast not inquired of my own name yet,” it observed. Was this a clever trick on the creature’s part? The fact that Frankenstein never gave his creation a name was well known by me. I therefore had to play its cunning game delicately.
“It is enough to see you beside me,” I offered. “There’s no better evidence of your existence than your massive frame. Besides, no single name would be fitting for such a character of your prodigious dimensions. I’d say it’s better that your identity remain anonymous to me.”
The creature leaned its nauseating face closer to my own and asked, “Dost thou hast eyes that reflect properly?”
“I see perfectly.”
“And yet thou hast no detestation seething at your core?”
“Why should I feel any hatred toward you?”
The creature then lifted one of its sutured hands and clamped it on my shoulder until the collarbone nearly cracked beneath my skin. It stared at me with an intensity I never experienced before this second.
“Dost not sport with me,” it admonished. “Wouldst thou be an honest man and reveal how thy heart prickles with anguish at what you see?”
“I feel nothing of the sort,” I responded.
“How hast thou readied thyself for such a crude vision?” it questioned. “No one who hath eyes to see hast ever looked upon me without cringing.”
“I’m not here to judge your appearance,” I returned.
The creature seemed appeased momentarily, but the reluctance to believe anything I uttered was palpable in its expression. At least it released its talon-like grip on my shoulder. Perhaps it would’ve been more inclined to consent to my veracity if I revealed all that I knew of its notorious past. “I won’t treat you unfairly because of your physical appearance,” I said emphatically.
“But it’s what you mortals do most resourcefully,” it grimaced. “You would neither be the alpha nor omega man to spurn me because of my appearance. Do you earnestly propose that my mere presence doth not cause you to quiver with revulsion?”
“Is that how you want me to react?”
“Peruse my burdened face,” it scoffed while gnashing its ivory fangs with the fierceness of a wild beast. “Dost thou still deny my wretchedness?”
“We all carry wounds,” I declared. “Do you think that I walk through this world without scars because you cannot detect them on the surface of my skin?”
“Thy claim is a bold one, Corbin Cobbs.”
“If I had no shame of my own to bear, then why am I stationed in this bleak place beside you?”
“That thou must yet convey to me.”
My concentration shifted to the Mont Blanc’s distant summit. As I watched an eagle glide majestically between the glacial peaks, I was reminded of Prometheus’s punishment. Perhaps fire in mortal hands was even more treacherous than any god could’ve forecasted. I then considered the malleability of mankind. Frankenstein’s monster waited patiently for my response. “A man may appear one way and still be entirely another,” I offered. “As I sit here, I might pretend to smile, or cry, or laugh, but who would know besides me if any of these supposed indicators were reflective of my actual mood? A clever actor will make you feel as he wishes, and in short intervals, convince you to believe the opposite of what he is.”
“Indeed,” said the creature gravely, “this is the mutability of thy species. But malignancies wear no such veil. Not even Pandora’s Jar housed the evil that loneliness conjures from within. Imagine existing with no disguise to conceal thy misery, no bandage to remedy thy wounds, and no hope for eternal salvation. At times, miscreants are unjustly named on the basis of their ugliness. I have no recourse other than to hibernate and stew in the muteness that eventually transforms into this animosity you now perceive.”
The manifestations of this creature’s rage had already been cast upon a child’s innocence, and then onto a woman who discovered no justice through man’s laws. As I leered wearily at this malformed tormentor, I realized that it was not yet satisfied with its bid for retribution. But was it my sole obligation to infringe upon the framework of these happenings? Maybe I just needed to save myself from succumbing to the angst that Victor Frankenstein was destined to endure.
“Enlighten me to thy past,” the creature then demanded. “For if thou art envenomed, as inarguably as I have been, then the poison is much too potent to lodge within thyself. The impure ointment must exude from your pores; it compels you to commit actions most unkind.”
“My scars aren’t yet as deep and rigid as yours,” I conceded. At the exact time I murmured these words, I sensed a blazing anger engulfing my brain. The creature seemed to distinguish my sorrow and cloaked bitterness better than anyone before.
“Dost thou typically resist thy fury?”
“I couldn’t exist civilly otherwise.”
“Teach me, Corbin Cobbs. What hath triggered such wrath in a visage so untried as your own?”
I still glanced toward the soaring eagle, which was only partially visible through a mist spindling like smoke between the mountainous ranges. The incessant pain gnawing at my heart rivaled any torment of the censured titan chained to Mount Kaukasos. It now served no purpose for me to resist the creature’s inquest any longer.
“My sad condition isn’t unusual,” I uttered despondently. “I suppose it’s a consequence of caring too much, and maybe one of the harshest reminders why these caverns of ice seem more agreeable in comparison to what lurks beneath a guise of friendship.”
“Thy tongue speaks of emotions vaguely familiar to me, but I ache for this feeling like a blind man seeking light. Oddly, it is only through a sightless codger’s kindness that I ever sensed man’s potential for benevolence.”
I remembered the creature’s bond with De Lacey, and how in one misinterpreted moment the final shred of dignity was pilfered from its life forever. “I’m referring to an emotion that is stronger than any other,” I expounded. “Anyone who has ever lived must crave this feeling at one time or another. It’s the fuel that ignites all our dreams.”
“Thou speak of love,” said the creature yearningly. “I, too, have pondered this notion. A desire for camaraderie is all I have left. Is it too much for a wretched soul to ask for another of his likeness to embrace?”
My eyes were still fixated on the sky as I deliberated the monster’s question. I permitted the frozen rain to strike my cheeks as I shared in its misery. Even the hands of an adept alchemist couldn’t transmute love into something of more precious value. Gold itself was only a means to acquire the unconditional delivery of another human being’s affection. Yet, the trove of togetherness seemed so unattainable to me now.
“We have to be sensible about our limitations,” I replied candidly. “Maybe it’s not possible to maintain any feeling forever. Love, like an eagle in flight, will fly away from us as freely as it once came. Only guilt seems to cling to us without relenting its grasp. And once we defy our consciences, we can’t go back and undo our wrongs.”
“Here the advantage belongs to me,” proclaimed the creature. “In his hubristic exploration to achieve what no other man has ever done, my creator neglected to stitch a conscience into my body. Therefore, I am an unanchored frigate, unhindered by the petty obstacles that restrict other vessels. Later, when I accost Frankenstein on this same breadth of landscape, he will listen and procure my demands. Few have surveyed the savagery that will befall upon him if my request for companionship is denied.”
I had no desire to dissuade the monster from longing for what every functional being hoped to obtain. Far be it from me to filch the passion from its oversized heart, whether I concurred with its maniacal methods or not.
“We are both conflicted,” I revealed. “And we must now decide if our impulses give us the best chance to secure peace within ourselves.”
“Thou must stifle such feeble warbling from thy voice,” the creature advised. “Let us not forget that the most cunning of your species rely upon the indecisive and weak in order to thrive. The better action is a reaction against all those who’ve played sport with thee. Take no pity upon this sordid crew, for they’d be first in line to dash your brains against these cliffs if cause provoked them. Let them wither and rot so that you may sleep serenely with both eyes closed.”
Before the monster left me alone to brood over our conversation, it touched my forehead and cheeks gently with its blunt fingertips. It manipulated its digits like a child coloring with a crayon for the first time. With the creature so near to me, I saw the dejection in its eyes emerging through an opaque haze. And just for the briefest of moments, I thought I espied a glimpse of compassion flickering deep within its pupils. But this ephemeral candle of redemption soon extinguished under the pummeling of a dismal rainfall.
The wintry winds whirled with a wicked energy, and the creature’s countenance darkened as if it fused with the volatile atmosphere. It soon redirected its line of sight toward the towering ascent of Montanvert. I watched the creature study the glacier’s conical shape just as another lone figure appeared on its ice-laden slopes. By the time I identified this doomed man as Victor Frankenstein, his creation had bounded toward him with the agility of an acrobat. Frankenstein’s narcissism already defined his Earthly providence; my imminent fate remained yet unwritten.


Chapter 23

8:55 A.M.


When the images dissolved from my mind, I once again found myself in an unenviable position. I now crouched in front of the lavatory’s sink basin as if it was a shrine. My moist fingertips were suctioned onto the sink’s porcelain surface like an octopus’s tentacles. After several seconds, I realized that most of the students were still outside. This fire drill seemed excessively long, but not much longer than any of the others sprung upon us in recent weeks. At least I had a few additional minutes to recompose myself; two handfuls of lukewarm water splashed against my face proved refreshing enough for me to move forward.
I then exited the lavatory and instinctively proceeded toward the main office. At some point I figured an officious administrator would’ve noticed me wandering around the vacated hallways and issued a reminder of my professional duties as a teacher. But no one even nudged a head out from behind the office’s door, and I almost convinced myself that the alarm signified a genuine emergency. I didn’t even see the custodian moseying about with his broom or mop, and he generally had a flair for finding me when no one else was around.
Just as I strolled past the office’s window, however, I noticed a shadow’s movement from behind the large redwood desk. Curiosity held me in place as if I had stepped into a vat of Super-Glue. My hesitation proved telling, or at least generated some suspicion. Apparently, sultry secretaries to the principal were exempt from following evacuation procedures. I noticed Mrs. Finnegan primping her clothing like a cat grooming its fur. This in itself was not an unusual custom for the saucy woman; some doubted that her duties required anything more arduous than picking lint from her skintight sweaters and mini-dresses. Mrs. Finnegan obviously didn’t see me looking at her through the glass partition or she might’ve employed a more discreet method of fastening the top three buttons on her red blouse. Suddenly, the custodian’s inferences about her escapades with the principal didn’t seem so implausible. By my estimation, this drill had effectively cleared the building for at least fifteen minutes. This was reason enough for me to investigate the matter further.
As I entered the office I pretended to overlook the secretary as she farded her cheekbones with a compact of blush stored directly beside her keyboard. Although Mrs. Chrissie Finnegan hadn’t worked at the high school for more than four months, she had the reputation of a seasoned seductress among the nomadic teachers by the end of her second week on the job. By conventional standards, she was an attractive woman, but perhaps a bit washed-out at close range. It was rumored that she had enough Botox injected into her temples and lips to smooth an old elephant’s skin. Her face was akin to a latex facsimile of what she might’ve looked like fifteen years ago. The lady’s lustrous black coif was arguably her most striking feature, but few hadn’t tittered about how she lassoed it over her shoulders in braided pigtails as if competing for a spot on a 1975 cheerleading squad.
Perhaps I never really gave myself a chance to get to know Mrs. Finnegan. Unlike many of my colleagues, I wasn’t infatuated with her saccharine disposition. And her ballooned, often-exposed bosom appeared as artificially enhanced as the rest of her offerings. Upon seeing her on this occasion, however, I noticed a detail that I must’ve overlooked a hundred times previously. On her left ring finger, she wore a pear-shaped diamond wedding band. Today, the ring’s gold band was visible, but she had apparently turned the jewel to the front side of her hand, concealing it within her palm. I couldn’t stop myself from wondering if my wife engaged in a similar strategy in order to screen her marital status. Another piece of Mrs. Finnegan’s jewelry caught my eye, too. It was a coral bracelet dangling loosely on her right wrist. I noticed her admiring it whenever she had an opportunity. This thought by itself made it impossible for me to greet Mrs. Finnegan with anything more pleasant than a perfunctory nod of my chin.

Before this moment I might’ve been content to remain aloof to this school’s scandalous secrets. After all, if anyone stared for too long in the direct sunlight, he was sure to get burned. Mrs. Finnegan’s shenanigans shouldn’t have mattered to me at all, and I learned many years ago that it was a prudent practice to keep the business of work related only to work. If Principal Lemus and his secretary wanted to compromise their professional credibility with an interoffice affair, who was I to render judgment? But even with this notion firmly implanted, I couldn’t pull myself away from the front desk.
Of course this secretary was too preoccupied preening herself to recognize any attempt on my part to communicate with her. After she applied her makeup, the woman retrieved a bottle of moisturizer from her desk and slathered it on her forearms and legs respectively. This lotion smelled oddly familiar to me, and I almost forgot why I bothered to stop here. Mrs. Finnegan eventually acknowledged my presence with a perturbed expression.
“Aren’t you supposed to be outside with your students, Mr. Cobbs?” she questioned. Her voice revealed a hint of apprehension, but I still felt strangely intoxicated by her moisturizer’s delightful fragrance.
“Yes,” I said, “but I was making sure that this was just a drill. It seems like the kids have been out there a long time.”
Mrs. Finnegan’s eyes shifted slyly toward the door of Principal Lemus’s office before she checked the time on her spangled wristwatch. I still watched her smear the remnants of creamy lotion into her alabaster calves. “Sometimes these things take longer than you might expect,” she uttered. “So is there anything else I can help you with?”
“Maybe,” I replied, motioning to the plastic container of moisturizer she set on her desk’s corner. “What’s that stuff called?”
She seemed initially put off by my question, but answered, “Why? Do you like it?”
“I’m not sure, but it smells like something my wife uses on her skin.”
Mrs. Finnegan squirted another dollop of cream into her palms and proceeded to blend it between her narrow fingers. “Your wife must have good taste, at least in moisturizers. It’s cucumber and melon scented.”
“Cucumber?” I repeated, purposely overlooking her snide comment.
“And melon,” she emphasized.
I stood dumbfounded for a moment, and I’m sure my puzzlement over such a menial aspect must’ve baffled the secretary. In order to expedite my departure, she attempted to busy herself by perching her French-manicured fingertips on the desktop’s keyboard. I wouldn’t have known the name of this white-tipped design had I not asked my wife about her own newly styled fingernails a few months ago. In any event, Mrs. Finnegan was not shy about making my annoyance to her routine known.
“If there’s nothing else on your mind, Mr. Cobbs, I do have quite a bit of work to get done today,” she remarked.
“Yes, of course you do,” I said. “I’ll let you get back to it now.”
Perhaps I utilized my own brand of mockery with this response, and it was quite enough to momentarily shush Mrs. Finnegan. I didn’t loiter around the office to wait for her rebuttal. Instead, I retreated to the hallway and relished the few moments of calmness while the students were still outside. Any hope for a respite on my part today, however, proved to be as unlikely as my kids submitting their homework on time. The custodian’s evocative whistling soon besieged my quietude, which had unsettled me for more reasons than I presently understood. He sauntered into the corridor with his broom gliding over the tiles as smoothly as a Zamboni skimming across a pad of ice. A distinct look of satisfaction contorted his brow; it was a gaze that denoted his mischievous mood.
His voice boomed like detonated dynamite in the hallway. “Well, call me mister bonkers now, Cobbs, but it looks like you just got back from a wake.” At this point, a funeral would’ve been preferable reprieve from the events of this day. The custodian’s citron-colored eyes had already zeroed in on the main office’s doors. I summoned for his silence in the same manner that I gesticulated to a gang of rowdy teenagers. Unsurprisingly, raising an index finger across the middle portion of my pursed lips proved just as useless of a device in this instance.
“Looks like Chrissie Finnegan is up to her tricks again,” he bellowed in a lyrical tone.
“Keep your voice down,” I chided him. “She’ll hear you, or worse yet—Lemus will hear you. I think he’s still in his office.”
The custodian cast a glance at the secretary through the plate glass window. “It seems that my theory on our Thursday morning fire drills remains unblemished, does it not?”
“I’m not ready to concede to anything yet.”
He smiled at my gullibility before saying, “It’s okay to be right. What’s not okay is always pretending to be wrong.” His eyes then stared more fixatedly on the secretary as she proceeded to apply additional moisturizer to her forearms. “Now that’s one lady who loves her lotion,” he remarked. “Sweet scent too, wouldn’t you say?”
“I suppose.”
“Well, trust me, odors can be as deceiving as people.”
“That’s not for me to decide,” I returned. “In fact, I don’t really care what going on in that office between Lemus and Mrs. Finnegan. It’s not my business.”
“You’re probably right. Some righteous people might pass judgment because she’s a married woman, and of course our good principal is spoken for, too. But, as you so astutely said, why should anyone give a crap? It’s not like either of our spouses are screwing around on us, right?”
“Sometimes you have to figure out things on your own.”
“You’re learning more by the minute. You know, there may still be a glimmer of hope for you, Cobbs.”
The custodian then tilted his nose into the air in an exaggerated bid to summon my attention toward the secretary’s doings. He looked like a boy inhaling the savory fumes of a peach pie cooling on a windowsill.
“Mmmm, you catch a whiff of that air?”
I humored the custodian by acknowledging the aroma seeping beneath the office’s door. But what had only moments ago affected my olfactory senses agreeably now turned my stomach as sour as a bad egg. There was something stirring in the air other than Mrs. Finnegan’s body lotion.
“It’s cucumber,” said the custodian. “Invigorating, especially for the skin beneath the eyes. But cucumbers can be as deadly as they are delicious.”
“Oh, really?” I smirked, perhaps for the first time since being in his company. “I don’t think I’ve ever heard about anyone being killed by a cucumber.”
“Well, maybe you haven’t heard all there is to know. When I was just a tyke no higher than an immature cornstalk, I can remember my old man telling me about that particular scent. He said if I was ever out walking in the woods and smelled fresh cucumbers, then I should be on a keen lookout for snakes, particularly the northern cooper head. When it’s riled or aroused, that viper gives off that same tang as Mrs. Finnegan’s lotion.”
“You know, my father used to tell me that same myth when I was about ten-years-old. A boy didn’t question his father’s tales back in those days, so everything sounded legit.”
“A myth? That’s a surefire way to squelch all the intrigue, isn’t it?”
“Hate to break the news to you, but cooper heads don’t smell like cucumbers, unless they’re denned in a cucumber patch.”
“Is that so?”
“Sorry to say it is.”
“Don’t be so glib with what you think you know. As far as I can tell, there’s a bit of truth in every legend. Let’s use our little office mate Chrissie Finnegan as a prime example. Do you think there’s a snake slithering nearby when she’s lathering that lotion on her lovely loins?” The custodian’s eyes gradually shifted toward Principal Lemus’s closed office door. “Snakes come in all forms and sizes, you know.”
“Okay. You got me on that one.”
The custodian relished in the minor conquests of his day, and it hardly seemed worth an effort to dispute him on this point. Moreover, it was now nearly third period and I had other obligations to fulfill. I then excused myself as politely as possible from my present company and continued along the hallway. I should’ve realized that the custodian hadn’t yet dished out a full plate of his annotations.
“Don’t forget about your appointment,” he advised, barely holding back a full-fledged grin. “With the seniors having their assembly next period, it should give you some extra time to spend with your buddy Mr. Winger.”
I paused to muse over the custodian’s words, but I drew nothing from them that enabled me to make good sense of his advice. I almost forgot about my promise to meet with Shawn Winger before fourth period. But I was more concerned with the custodian’s knowledge of my unspoken intentions. “Excuse me,” I said, stopping to face him. “How did you find out about my planned meeting with Mr. Winger?”
The custodian resumed sweeping the floor at a casual pace. His reluctance to answer me indicated the only likely explanation for his insight. “We’re you reading my emails?” I asked.
“Let’s not get all emotional about this.” he responded coolly.
“Don’t tell me how to act, okay? Now, I asked you a simple question. Were you or were you not reading my private mail?”
“When a man deludes himself with nonsense, almost anything sounds plausible,” he replied. “But let me you remind you, Cobbs, I’m not exactly head chief on the totem pole around this place. Besides, what makes you think I have the time, skill, or desire to rifle through your mail, if in fact it was even feasible?”
“You still haven’t answered my question,” I said, bitterly. “If you didn’t read my mail, how did you find out about my appointment with Mr. Winger?”
The custodian merely chuckled at my inquest as if I was nothing more intimidating than a petulant ninth-grader. By now it was already evident that I had no ability to coax anything from this man other than what he wished to reveal. He swept at the floor with his broom as if he was an artist painting a canvas; his eyes remained focused on something I couldn’t perceive.
“You seem to know something quirky about everyone in this school,” I persisted. As I uttered these words, I again sensed an irregular odor seeping off the custodian’s overalls. Mrs. Finnegan’s cucumber and melon fragrance suddenly seemed smothered by a dense industrial aroma. “You don’t smell that?” I asked him, gulping the air just as he had demonstrated minutes ago.
“Careful,” the custodian chimed tauntingly. “You know what happened to the man who fell in love with the scent of cucumbers, don’t you?”
“I don’t know any such story.”
“Ah, well, fortunately I have a satchel in my memory to stuff such things. Anyhow, such a man might stride barefoot through a cucumber patch and expect to come out unbitten on the other side.”
“I’m not talking about cucumbers,” I insisted, still snuffling the fumes. “It’s something else, maybe like a chemical or something toxic.”
“Sorry. I only have a nose for things close to my heart.” The custodian forced another glance through the window at the secretary. She still wasn’t doing anything related to the functions of a school.
“You go right ahead and keep sweeping those floors,” I told him defiantly. “But I’m going to find out about you before this day is over.”
“That’s precisely what I was hoping for.” The custodian didn’t look at me in these seconds. He instead returned to his pastime of whistling, but this time the tune was different. He substituted Rachmaninoff’s music with another offering. This song was hardly on the same level in terms of classical renditions, but nevertheless, equally recognizable. In terms of quality, the custodian whistled more fluidly than a mine full of animated dwarfs. And in this instance, he did so with unexpected merriment.
“I know that song,” I called out to him as if he should’ve been awed by my feat. “It’s Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah, right?”
The custodian paused and wet his lips briefly before replying, “My oh my, you’re right on the money.” He then glanced toward the nearest exit’s windows, where evidence of this rainy weather was still on full display. “But it’s not such a beautiful day, is it, Cobbs?”
“That I can’t argue.”
“Well, it’s reason enough to invite a little cheer around here. At any rate, James Baskett could sure belt out a snappy tune, wouldn’t you say?”
“I don’t know who that is.”
“Oh, come on, Cobbs, don’t disappoint me now. He’s the fellow who crooned the song in Disney’s best-kept secret from 1946, ‘Song of the South’.”
“Why do you know so much about nothing?”
“Another man’s nothing is someone’s something. Besides, it’s a catchy melody, and I particularly liked the young boy who sang along with Baskett in the film. He had a bit more of a career than ol’ James, but not by a heck of a lot.”
“I don’t remember him either,” I declared, seeing little relevance in our present line of discourse.
“Ah, well, it’s a terrible shame, really. The kid actor’s name was Bobby Driscoll. You might remember him better from when he played the part of Jim Hawkins in ‘Treasure Island.’ That’s one of my favorites. Yo-ho-ho! Anyhow, poor Bobby never really grew up, did he?”
“I guess not,” I remembered. In my mind I was already thinking about Harold Wagner’s earlier allusion to ‘Peter Pan’, but I didn’t want to delve any further into this matter at the moment. I simply watched the custodian, whistling as only he could, and almost skipping with his broom as he pushed it in a serpentine pattern down the dimly lit corridor. The still unidentified odor vanished gradually with him, but the smell of cucumbers remained as potent as before.


Chapter 24

9:06 A.M.


When Dr. Morgan Lemus was appointed to Ravendale High School as the new principal five years ago, everyone with even a dash of common sense realized that sweeping changes were high on his agenda. I didn’t necessarily disagree with altering the course of our school’s programs and policies, providing that any proposal for such redirection was superior to the system currently in place. But like so many other zealots before him, Lemus made a rash decision in attempting to eradicate the school’s problems without first investigating the sources behind them. Had his plans succeeded to even a minor degree, people would’ve praised him as modern day genius. When none of his strategies worked, peons took the inevitable fall.
One of Lemus’s professional blunders occurred last year when he sought to reduce tardiness by realigning the students’ according to grade level. In theory, Lemus’s idea didn’t sound too illogical. He estimated that a large number of kids from different grades were intermixing in the hallways, creating immovable pockets of stragglers throughout the building. However, theories, as most teachers know, often glimmer like gems set against a foil, but when tested in usable practice they become as lackluster as a mudstone.
I suppose advisors explained to Lemus that the corridors were simply not wide enough at certain intersections to accommodate the foot traffic, and no reconfiguration would’ve mattered much at all. We simply needed more space or fewer students. Soon after Lemus’s design turned into a crude realization, the hallways became more congested than a Californian freeway at rush hour. The frequency of lateness among the students increased twofold. Presently, it was almost impossible for even the most conscientious and fleet footed suck-ups among us to make it to class before the late bell.
My walk to Shawn Winger’s classroom on the C-Wing side of the school would’ve normally taken me at least twice as long with the students inside the building. In this instance I almost wanted to praise Lemus for his foresight, but then I realized that too much credit had already been extended to his bankrupted viewpoints on overseeing a high school. It seemed that Lemus’s time here was as numbered as a desk calendar’s days. Fortunately, not even a bungling bureaucrat like Lemus spoiled the teaching experience for everyone. In fact, Ravendale still had an ample share of creative young teachers working hard enough to cover up Lemus’s incompetence.
One such prodigy was Shawn Winger. He joined the English Department at Ravendale four years ago. Normally, an upstart freshly plucked from college required years to hone his practice before making a noticeable impression in the classroom. He may have earned the credentials to stand in front of a cluster of ornery teens, but this by itself did not transform him into an educator. Any teacher who endured this profession for more than a few years sustained himself by adhering to one basic premise: everything he learned about teaching in college only worked in practice among those studying to be educators. None of those methodologies helped forge the interchanging relations between students and teacher in a real classroom environment. In this respect, today’s memorable teachers were no different from those who succeeded twenty or thirty years ago.
Of course, Shawn Winger debunked all my preconceptions about new teachers. From his first day at the school, he demonstrated a wit and charisma that immediately impressed his charges and supervisors. His gravitas and self-assurance among students not much younger than himself still astounded me. In less time than it required most teachers to acclimate to the realties of instructing teenagers, he had emerged as one of the most popular figures in the entire school. Maybe this influx of enthusiasm was in part attributable to his wholesome, small-town sensibilities. Even Norman Rockwell would’ve touted Shawn’s resemblance to a caricature cropped from a cover of The Saturday Morning Post.
No one ever complained about his Romanesque features either. He was a tall man, perhaps standing at least two inches higher than my six-foot stature. But unlike my lanky posture, he had the physique of a gladiator, undoubtedly acquired by following an exercise regime that I avoided like rank sardines. His raven-black hair and swarthy skin accentuated a facade that might’ve been carved from Michelangelo’s chisel. But beyond his indisputable manliness, he had some other intangible trait that made him shimmer brighter than the rest of his ilk. In all my years at Ravendale, I don’t think I ever met a colleague more supportive of his students’ successes than Shawn Winger.
He struck me as a person who had a natural propensity to lead others, and they followed in tireless droves. A behavioral infraction in Mr. Winger’s classroom was more unusual than a three-sided coin. He was clever and quick-witted enough to disperse the students’ unpredictable temperaments by interjecting light sarcasm when necessary, but never to a point where his comments became derisive. I tried to recall a time in my teaching career when I cared as much about the students as he apparently did, but there was never such a moment. Shawn had uncovered his life’s passion early, and I sometimes wondered if he recognized how envious I was of his foresight.
The fact that he summoned me to his room for advice on any occasion made me feel even more like a fraudster. In truth, I had nothing to offer him on the stratagems of education that he didn’t regularly showcase in his own classroom. Although he wasn’t much older than twenty-seven, his adeptness in all that he attempted far surpassed my achievements. In the past four years, Shawn had earned awards as teacher of the month at least a dozen times. That was twelve more than I managed to accrue in the program’s ten year existence.
Aside from his unwavering commitment within the classroom, Shawn loaned his numerous talents to extracurricular activities as well. For the past two seasons, he coached both the girls’ junior varsity tennis and basketball teams, leading the former to their first state championship in more than two decades. With such an impressive start to Shawn’s career, administrators scurried fast to secure him. There’s an unwritten rule in schools among faculty members, administrators, and supervisors that the best teachers were typically rewarded with the most driven students. But this entire system seemed backwards to me. If Shawn Winger were truly Ravendale’s crem de la crem, wouldn’t it have made better sense to assign him the underachieving students? As it now stood, Shawn essentially wrote his own schedule, and Principal Lemus catered to his whims like a hound dog fetching a stick for its master’s recreation.
When Shawn’s responsibilities ended at school, they resumed again at home with his family. In true homespun fashion, he married his high school crush as soon as they graduated college. The couple had their first child three years ago, and they just purchased a modest home on the west side of Willows Edge. All the pieces for a happy, gratifying life had fallen effortlessly into place at an early age for this young man; it seemed like a divine hand guided everything his way. Sometimes I looked at him and was reminded of all the things I hoped to attain when I was much younger. But Shawn had the verve that I lacked. His desire to see his dreams come to fruition was matched by a tenacious plan. For him, it simply wasn’t good enough to imagine a goal and then not employ the energy to get it accomplished. This sort of resiliency defied me my whole life, and it’s only in retrospect that I counted all my squandered years.
I approached Shawn’s classroom with reluctance; I hadn’t yet constructed any rational explanation for my presence here. The only idea I came up with was that I acted as his mentor during his first year of teaching. Even then, that became more of an obligatory role rather than any serviceable tool he benefited from. But perhaps in respect to my seniority, he still valued my insight into the minutia of this craft. As I neared his classroom’s door, however, I noticed something I’d never witnessed before. Shawn was hunched motionless behind his desk with his hands gripping his computer’s keyboard as if they were affixed to the plastic casing.
His posture stunned me. Had it been any other teacher, I might’ve not lent a second thought to this behavior. But if Shawn Winger ever had a bad day in his life, his face never reflected it. The man seemed virtually impervious to the rigors of a teacher’s routine, and he typically flashed a burnished smile when anyone happened to walk in his direction. Yet it didn’t require anything more probing than a quick glance into his classroom to identify the despondency cemented in his eyes on this morning.
He must’ve seen me observing him from outside his room, but he refused to pivot his head away from his computer’s blue screen. I finally tapped my knuckles three times on the door’s window, causing him to acknowledge me with a listless wave of his hand. I needed no further invitation to step inside. Upon entering the classroom, my attention was immediately drawn to a lighting fixture above Shawn’s desk. The fluorescent light flickered with a yellowish haze, leaving half of his face cast in shadow. I wondered why the custodian hadn’t yet fixed this problem, being that Shawn’s classroom usually received primary consideration for any required maintenance.
Shawn had decorated his classroom as a paradigmatic example on how it should’ve been done for those seeking favoritism from the powers that be. Every particle of corkboard on the bulletin boards was laden with his students’ work. The result looked like a museum of poster board and crayon visualizations of classic novels. In addition, charcoal depictions of Shakespeare, Joyce, Bronte, Twain, Dickens, Dante, and among others were stationed on the walls around the room like sentinels of the written word. These legendary literary figures peered down upon the empty desks with a haunting surveillance.
To suggest that Shawn Winger was merely well organized would’ve been a disservice to recognizing his staunchness toward perfectionism. His desktop appeared immaculately arranged on all occasions, with his books and anthologies piled tidily on one corner, a box of tissue paper as a centerpiece, and a plastic bin for homework submissions on the opposite end. A bobble-head statue of The Bard himself served as a paperweight for some office memos and miscellaneous memos.
Shawn also had a framed photograph of his pretty wife and child situated near his computer’s monitor so that he could admire them while he worked. There were other unframed photographs, too, but these were primarily related to the students’ activities. On the wall closest to his desk, he created a collage of the girls’ tennis and basketball teams at play in competitions. There was also another random collection of stills of him supervising a variety of the recreational events from previous years, such as the prom, senior class trip to a water park, and yearbook signing dinner that I hardly devoted any attention to in the past. I could’ve safely declared that Shawn had his fingers wedged firmly in most functions within the school and community since his arrival.
Despite all his undertakings in Ravendale, one glance at Shawn today made it seem as though he had failed at all his endeavors. I’ve witnessed such vacant and sorrowful eyes before; his stare reminded me of my father’s visage just before he died. In this moment, I had every reason to suspect that something vital had been taken from Shawn, but I dared not presume anything aloud. I made my presence less imposing by leaning on the corner of a desk closest to where he was positioned. He still looked blankly into the computer’s electric blue screen, almost as if he believed the remedy to his anguish existed somewhere within that cold circuitry.
After several seconds of silence passed, Shawn swiveled his chair away from the computer to acknowledge me, but it was a subdued greeting at best. “Thanks for coming to see me on such short notice, Corbin,” he murmured. This voice sounded like it projected from another person. The cadence of his speech was sluggish and noticeably deficient of a lighthearted tempo that I had come to expect from this man. Even more unnerving was the way his robin egg-colored eyes watered at each pupil duct; this man obviously struggled to confine his teardrops.
“It’s no problem,” I offered. “Is everything okay?”
My blatant question was met with a frown from Shawn, which always indicated that something was indeed afoul. Before proceeding with any further talk, he motioned to the classroom’s door, which creaked partially open. “Do you mind shutting that all the way?” he asked meekly, pointing toward the door.
“Sure thing.” I then returned to the door and closed it completely, realizing that whatever Shawn felt compelled to share with me wasn’t intended for ears beyond these four walls. I returned to my original spot in front of his desk, but his fretfulness hadn’t yet subsided. His sable hair remained tousled atop his head as if it hadn’t been combed in days, and his unshaven cheeks matched an overall slovenly appearance that was entirely outside the realm of his shipshape disposition. My curiosity to his plight deepened, of course, but I kept quiet until he was ready to purge his mind.
“I guess I’m not sure how to begin,” he stated tentatively, “but you’ve always been the one guy around here who I could trust. I need to rely on that trust between us right now.”
I didn’t know precisely how to respond to Shawn in this instance, or even if he expected me to say anything at all. Granted, we worked in the same department for the past four years, and sometimes met for lunch when our schedules permitted. I even interacted with his wife a couple of years ago and debated public education in Willows Edge, but outside this occasionally courteous discourse and maybe a bawdy joke whispered across a table during a faculty meeting, we didn’t nurture a truly authentic friendship. Based on his exalted status among our colleagues, I presumed he had established other relationships within the school that served as better prospects for trustworthiness. With that point being noted, I certainly harbored no desire to undermine the confidentiality that should’ve taken precedence between all people when requested.
“It looks like you’ve got a lot on your mind right now,” I said. “It might be better if we discuss this another time.”
“No. This can’t wait.” Shawn then jolted up from his chair and stood parallel to his desk. He paced to and fro like a caged animal searching for an avenue of escape. His fists were clenched so rigidly that his knuckles whitened from the pressure against his palms. Globules of sweat sizzled on his temples and brow, reminding me of the onset of my own somatic illness.
“Are you sure you’re feeling up to this?”
Shawn stroked his fingers through his hair again, presumably to press the leaking perspiration back into his scalp. He no longer attempted to conceal the water welling in his eyes. It was as though his eyeballs melted in both sockets, and a torrent of liquid agony could not be contained any longer. The tears skidded down his cheeks in broken chains, before splashing silently on his leather loafers. 
“I messed up,” he announced sullenly. His normally spirited tone sounded utterly deflated, almost as if an invisible harpoon impaled his throat. “I’ve been kicking myself in the head over this for a few days now, but I’m not making any progress.”
“Before you say anything else,” I advised, “did you try to talk to your wife about what’s troubling you?”
If any buoyancy whatsoever remained in Shawn’s disposition, my question seemed to torpedo the last glimpses of hope from his expression. He simply sunk back into his chair as if I had kicked his feet out from beneath him. “What I have to say,” he muttered, “can’t be told to her—not now anyway.”
“But she’s okay? And your son, too?”
“They’re fine. For now, they’re just fine. Thanks for asking, though.” Shawn’s voice indicated that he wasn’t as immune to marital disharmony as I once presumed. He suddenly seemed vulnerable to all the calamities that compromised an average fellow’s dreams. It humbled us both to witness such a visible chink in this gallant man’s polished persona.
“I thought I had everything under control,” he continued. “But I was wrong.”
“Wrong about what?”
“I’m supposed to make sure everything goes smoothly,” he said. “When trouble happens around this school, people come running to me for help. For God’s sake, they look up to me. Do you know how much pressure that can be on a man?”
“I can’t pretend that I do.”
“Anyway, I never believed it would work out like this. I’m in a real bind.”
“Well, maybe if you tell me what’s going on, I might be able to help you figure something out.”
Shawn’s face twitched as though he swallowed an acidic lozenge. His expression nearly depleted my meager display of optimism. He then situated himself in front of his desk in a seated position, using his elbows as support to keep his head from tipping against the wood surface. I still resisted an urge to comment on his muddled behavior.
“I don’t want you to judge me too harshly,” he said. “You know I’ve done quite a bit for this community, but I also realize that none of what I’ve done in the past matters anymore.”
“I’m listening, Shawn.”
“I’m a good coach and teacher, anyone who works here can vouch for that,” he said, dallying with his thoughts. I watched his posture stoop forward a bit as he turned his head toward a collage of photographs on the wall behind his desk. He settled his eyes on a black and white print of the girls’ basketball team. It took him a moment to stabilize his feelings before he proceeded. “They’re a great group of kids. There’s one senior in particular on the varsity basketball squad—you might know her. Did you ever have Desiree Meadows in class?”
Since I remembered faces better than I did names on the fly, I simply shrugged my shoulders. This girl’s name spurred no other reaction from me. “I don’t think she was ever in any of my classes,” I replied. My voice sounded as almost as grave as Shawn’s while I observed him shifting in his seat as if he was perched atop a bed of reddened coals.
“You’d surely remember her if she was ever your student,” he remarked. “Anyway, more to the matter, I know what happened is inexcusable. But I can’t take it back now, Corbin. Desiree and I have been involved.”
“Involved? What do you mean?”
“You know what I mean.”
I paused as if stupefied by Shawn’s words. Perhaps I misheard him, or was purposely being obtuse to avoid the reality of such a confession. He waited for my reaction, but my lips became congealed in a vertical line across my face. I couldn’t manage to enunciate a coherent response for at least ten seconds.
“Are you telling me that you’ve had an affair with a student?” I asked, while trying not to sound appalled. I was suddenly overcome by a surreal sensation, and fervently wished this exchange could’ve been dissolved as expeditiously as awakening from one of my episodes. But as I watched Shawn’s eyes pool with sorrow, I realized that we were both fully conscious in our surroundings.
“It wasn’t a planned thing between us,” he sulked. “I keep rehearsing the moment over in my mind, and I just never saw it coming. It was after practice one night. She needed a ride home. I don’t know what happened after we were alone in the car. Everything got so crazy.”
“Crazy?” I repeated with a measure of hostility and disbelief vying for top position in my tone. “Yes, it’s very crazy indeed. What the hell were you thinking?”
“I…I don’t know. God, it’s like we were just drawn to one another. Karma, maybe.”
“In the car? I just don’t know what to say. This is something that I would’ve never expected from you. Nobody would’ve ever expected such behavior from you.”
“You’re right. It’s gotten out of control.”
“Hold on a second. When did this happen?”
“It started over two months ago, maybe a little longer.”
“And it was just that one time in the car you were together?”
Shawn lowered his chin even before I finished my inquiry. I suspected he neither had the ability nor desire to look me in the eyes. Eventually, the harsh truth lurched from his mouth like an insidious obsession. “It’s still going on,” he admitted. “We’ve been intimate at least ten times since then, probably closer to fifteen. I lost count.”
“But you can bet your last dime she hasn’t,” I returned. My expression must’ve plummeted along with Shawn’s as I looked at him with both a mixture of pity and disgust. “You’re too smart not to realize that this is going to screw up your whole life, Shawn. I can’t believe that you’d let something like this happen.”
“It’s impossible to explain,” he groveled. “I wasn’t thinking about the long-term consequences of my actions.”
“And now you’re ready for them?” He didn’t answer me. Instead, he cupped his palms in front of his face and wept like a boy who’d skinned his chins in a nasty fall. Unfortunately, there was not enough gauze and tape in the entire state to bandage his present wounds. My next question was more direct. “How old was Desiree when you started fooling around with her?”
“She’s seventeen. Won’t be eighteen until June, I think.”
Berating Shawn on his sheer stupidity was a tempting antidote for my own frustration, but it served no benefit to him now. Besides, he wasn’t asking me to commend him for his indiscretions, and I wasn’t emotionally equipped to function as a keeper of morality. I stewed with the information he had provided for a few seconds before attempting to rectify a situation that we both deemed as catastrophic.
“The first thing you got to do,” I suggested, “is get your emotions under control.”
“I…I don’t mean to cry like a wimp,” he sobbed. “It’s pathetic, I know.”
“I’m not talking about that. You have to stop seeing that girl right away.”
He hesitated again. When he peeled his palms away from his shivering face, I detected a distinct ashen color to his flesh. His eyes verified that he wasn’t finished with his declaration of guilt. “Last week,” he announced morbidly, “I would’ve most likely agreed with you. But it’s not so simple now.”
“Don’t tell me….”
“Yeah…you guessed it. She’s pregnant, Corbin.”
Shawn’s agonizing grimace in no way measured the irreversible heartache that he had selfishly brought upon multiple families. My revulsion for his recklessness intensified, and any goodness that I espied in his character before this moment evaporated like the teardrops dribbling off his shoes. My next question was merely a formality, but an essential one that required some consideration on his part.
“Are you absolutely certain you’re the father?”
“She says it’s mine. What choice do I have other than to believe her at this point? But even if someone else got her pregnant, she doesn’t want to be with anyone but me.”
“Then you already know where this is heading, don’t you?”
“Look, I don’t know what to think anymore. That’s why I called you here confidentially.”
I expelled a breath that briefly made me supplant my own predicament, but even if my life was entirely unburdened, I had no solution or legerdemain to make Shawn’s crisis vanish. Since he already indicated that his wife was oblivious to this affair, I focused on the inevitable aftermath. “You know, in regard to your wife,” I offered tentatively, “it’s only going to be a matter of time before she finds out the truth. Do you want to be the one who breaks the news to her?”
“I can’t tell Jill about this,” he said adamantly. “She’ll be literally crushed.”
“And how do you think Jill’s going to feel when she hears from somebody other than you that her husband impregnated a seventeen-year-old student?”
“God, I…I don’t know. She’d be devastated either way. I can’t think straight anymore. I keep closing and reopening my eyes wishing this were all a nightmare. But it’s not going away.”
“No,” I reiterated. “And it’s bound to get a hell of a lot worse.”
I reserved my judgment on whether Shawn deserved any real sympathy for his plight. I felt most sorry for his family, particularly his young wife and son. My eyes swayed to Jill Winger’s photograph positioned in a gilded frame by his computer. She appeared so attractive, albeit in a conservative manner, with her auburn hair and fawn-colored eyes. Why did he feel compelled to sabotage something so fragile and rare as a loving marriage? Instead of demanding an explanation for his egregious insensitivity, I moved toward his desk and flipped a box of tissue paper into his lap.
“You need to shape up fast,” I told him firmly. “The time for feeling sorry for yourself has already expired. I hope you don’t think you can come out of this scandal unscathed.”
Shawn clutched the box of tissue paper with one hand, but he didn’t bother to wipe the mist from his eyes. “It’s a complicated ordeal right now.”
“So why did you bring me into this mess?”
“I guess I just needed to tell someone. I’m sorry for saying anything. I hope you can forgive me someday.”
“You don’t need my forgiveness,” I exclaimed. “Trust me, I’m not the one you’ll be apologizing to down the line.”
“I’ve been a selfish ass,” he gulped. “There’s no way to justify what I’ve done. What more can I say?”
“That you’ll do the right thing.”
Shawn paused again, and in this instance his eyes followed mine to the photograph of his wife and son. He then mumbled pitifully, “That’s just it, Corbin, I don’t really know what the right thing is anymore.”
Perhaps my intellectual colleague wasn’t as bright as I initially credited him. Even a simpleton would’ve recognized the gravity of his choices. Since our time together was limited, I elected to persuade him as bluntly as possible. “You’ve already told me how wrong you are. Once the boundary is severed between a student and teacher in this way, I shouldn’t have to remind you of the repercussions. The fact that she’s considered a minor in the eyes of the law makes it even direr for you. Given the severe circumstances, I think you know what must be done.”
Shawn’s voice dipped into a whisper when he uttered, “What if I love her, Corbin?” I was instantly mortified for both him and me. Although I understood the ineffectiveness of literally smacking common sense into someone’s head, I briefly entertained the notion of belting Shawn in his face.
“Have you lost your mind completely? The girl is seventeen. She might not even have her driver’s license yet, and you’re talking about loving her.”
“I know it sounds bizarre,” he said, “and believe me, I’ve struggled to come to terms with my feelings toward her for weeks now. We talk and instant message one another on the phone all the time. She makes me feel like I did when I was back in high school. I really can’t stop thinking about her, and she tells me the same thing.”
“Shawn, the girl looks up to you because you’re a popular, good-looking teacher and her coach. But she must know that you’re married and have a small child. Use a little common sense. Dolores is not the right girl for you.”
“Her name isn’t Dolores—it’s Desiree.”
“What’s the difference? The name isn’t as important as her game, and you stand to lose this one big-time. I know you’re still relatively young, and if the circumstances were different, you and Desiree may have had a chance to build a relationship after she graduated. But come on, you can’t act like you’re still in high school simply because you’re employed by one.”
“That’s why I needed to speak to you. You always use reason and logic. I really wanted some critical advice right now, but I still can’t deny my feelings. I’m being tugged in the opposite direction.”
“You mean away from your wife and son?”
He stared reflectively at the photograph again, perhaps earnestly trying to show me his confliction. “I really do care about them both,” he muttered. “Jill’s a wonderful mother, and a very sweet woman. And Raymond is so much fun, the joy of my life.”
“You don’t believe that,” I scolded him.
“The hell I don’t. My son means the world to me.”
“Bullshit. If he did, why would you ever contemplate leaving his mother? Do you realize what the media will do to you once this story leaks out? They will take more pounds of your flesh than Shylock would’ve dared to carve. And we haven’t even talked about the legal issues you’ll be facing down the road. The longer you pretend to love this student, the more people you’ll hurt—especially your wife and son.”
“So you think I should just forget about Desiree? Could I really be that flighty and hardhearted? If she’s pregnant with my child, don’t I owe her some devotion, too?”
“Listen to me. The noblest thing you can do right now is admit your mistakes to Desiree. If she loves you as you claim she does, then she’ll want you to stay with your family. Any way you look at it, though, that girl is going to cause you a lot of pain and disgrace before this is all over. I know you’re accustomed to getting what you want, but I don’t believe you can win this time.”
Shawn resisted using the tissue until his eyes became bloodshot. I didn’t anticipate him to relinquish his pride and more efficiently than he did his tears. It seemed as though he resigned himself to salvaging something from the wreckage.
“Desiree and I have been talking about a plan,” he said. His tears stopped trickling from his eyes as if he turned off a spigot inside his head. For the first time since I entered his classroom, a sliver of vitality surfaced in his countenance. “She’s graduating in two months, and she wants us to live together.”
“That’s your brilliant strategy?”
“I didn’t say it was brilliant, but at least it’s an option.”
“So you’re going to leave your wife and son to shack up with a pregnant teenager? This is the best solution you could come up with?”
“It sounds incredibly ill conceived and immature when I hear you say it, but that seems to be the sensible choice for us now.”
“Really? I must’ve missed the part where any of what you’re talking about made good sense. What happens if you decide you want to stay with Jill?”
Shawn’s mouth curled into a lopsided frown as if he ingested another tart pill. His response was almost predictable. “Desiree said she’ll keep quiet about our affair as long as I agree to leave my wife and live with her.”
“Does that sound like love to you? In my way of thinking, I believe it’s a form of blackmail.”
“Please don’t make this out to be so ugly,” Shawn implored. “Desiree has really been unbelievably conciliatory about everything. She just wants me to promise her that I’ll take care of her and the baby after it’s born.”
“You know,” I chuckled gravely, “this is starting to sound a lot like the plot to one of those awful movies on a women’s television network. But you already know how this scenario ends. The villain always loses, and no one is going to be able to paint you as the good guy by the time the credits roll.”
Shawn returned the tissue paper box to its original spot on his desktop. He then removed the exposed tissue and crumpled it in his hands; his palms were undoubtedly as moist as his eyes. “I’m afraid I don’t have much flexibility,” he said. “Consider the alternative. If I turn myself in, I’ll lose everything—my job, my wife, my kid, my reputation, and all my friends. The way I see it, Jill is lost to me either way. She’ll never forgive me for this.”
“But you haven’t even told her what’s going on.”
“Forget it. I know my wife. Besides, I don’t want to go to jail for falling in love with a girl who’s fewer than ten years younger than I am. Believe me, I wish I did everything differently, but I can’t change anything now. I can only try to stop the problem from becoming any bigger.”
At this stage in our conversation I leaned closer to Shawn’s face, while trying to locate a province within his pupils that reflected his true intentions. My next question was to the point of the matter. “Are you convinced beyond any doubt that you’re both in love with one another?” Shawn stared at me as if he suddenly realized that I had an ability to see beyond what his words conveyed.
“Love makes the smartest people behave stupidly at times,” he replied. “When it comes right down to it, despite my immaculate image around this school, I’m just a regular guy like you, Corbin. I have weaknesses, flaws—whatever you want to call them. Maybe I’ve made the biggest mistake of my life by pursuing this relationship, but I also can’t help but to suspect that Desiree and I were meant to be together. I still believe in fate.”
“A marked man usually does.”
“I never expected your applause. You’ve always been the voice of descent, and I needed your criticism. But sometimes life pulls you in directions you never see coming in advance. In this way, Desiree has shown me another path to happiness.”
I motioned to the crumpled tissue paper on his desktop, and then to the droplets of tears sprinkled on his shirt’s collar. “Am I to believe that these are all remnants of joy?”
“I’m an emotional guy. I guess crying is a way of releasing stress for me.”
“You know, after hearing your confession and proposal to correct what you’ve done wrong, I can’t see that you’ll ever be happy again. I just wish you didn’t think of me as the guy who’s going to keep your secret safe.”
“You’re not going to rat me out, are you?”
“No, I don’t want to be that guy either. But you need to be mindful of something important. Since Desiree is only seventeen, she’s likely to have a girlfriend or two who might not be as passive as me when they learn that their friend is with child by Mr. Winger.”
“She doesn’t have many close friends at this school.”
“It only takes one slip of the tongue. One whisper. One vulnerable moment where she realizes how insane all of this really is.”
“I trust her.”
“It’s good that you do, but very naïve of you, too. High school girls don’t generally deal well with pregnancy in isolation. When did Desiree find out that she’s going to be a mother?”
“Monday night or Tuesday morning.”
“And it’s now Thursday. If you’re fortunate, you may have until the end of the weekend before the lid blows off this thing. I suspect by next week she’ll be itching to tell her story to anyone who’s willing to listen.”
Shawn shook his head, refusing to concede to his shortsightedness. “You don’t know Desiree,” he informed me. “She’s not like the average high school girl. There’s nothing fake or pretentious about her. And she’s really not mean spirited. Honestly, I think she just wants to be loved passionately.”
“And what about her parents? Where do they fit into your quixotic plans?”
“As far as I know, her parents are divorced. She doesn’t talk much about her father, and her mother is deaf and an alcoholic.”
“How sad for Desiree Meadows.”
“I’m just trying to get some normalcy back in my life. Can’t you understand that?”
“Shooting for normalcy won’t be an option for you now. But I don’t want to lecture you anymore on this topic. You know how I feel. Maybe we should drop it for now.”
Shawn wasn’t the type of fellow who liked to come up short, even when engaged in a conversation where he was unquestionably dubious. Yet if any flexibility seemed apparent for a rebuttal, I assumed he would’ve taken it. This might’ve occurred sooner than I preferred had it not been for another visitor at his classroom’s door. Based on Shawn’s startled reaction, I assumed that this other guest arrived unannounced. I peeked toward the door’s window and noticed a girl waiting anxiously within the frame of glass.
She looked lost at first glance, and woefully uncertain of her right to even be standing in the spot she had chosen. Her short, ruler-straight hair framed a petite face like a honey-colored bonnet. The girl’s doll-like eyes were oval, thickly lashed, but slanted somewhat at the corners, and shone over skin that appeared as white as fresh linen. There were no visible curves in her straight figure, and she dressed as conservatively as a parochial schoolgirl. Shawn’s exaggerated restlessness hinted that this was not just another student passing by for a make-up homework assignment.
“It’s Desiree,” he whispered to me, nervously jetting from his chair as if this was his first date with a cosmopolitan woman.
“She looks barely pubescent,” I remarked. “Are you sure she’s even seventeen?”
“Look, she must want something,” he said, ignoring my jab.
“Of course she does.”
“Can you give me a few minutes?”
“Yeah, Shawn. Fly to the fair Desiree. She’s obviously in need of some reassurance from her noble suitor. You know, this reminds me a song lyric from The Rolling Stones. It goes: ‘You’re her knight in shining armor coming to her emotional rescue.’”
Shawn straightened his posture and started toward the door. “It’s too early in the morning for your sarcasm. This will only take a minute or two. I wonder what she wants?”
I almost had an inclination to shout, ‘not much other than your dignity and your life,’ but maybe Shawn was right. Perhaps my sardonic spirit shouldn’t have been on full display before noon at least. Instead of offering a verbal response, I retreated to Shawn’s chair and sat down behind his desk. I watched him exit the room to talk to Desiree in the hallway. It didn’t take long before the room’s quietness consumed my thoughts. I began scanning the classroom’s interior, focusing briefly on the photos enshrining the memories of Shawn’s life. Then, I settled my eyes on the images of those writers who I admired most in this world. I wondered what these literary icons would’ve thought of my writing had they ever a chance to peruse it.
The flickering light above the desk summoned my attention, and I soon sensed a familiar sensation. My head throbbed repeatedly, prompting me to close my eyes and succumb to what I couldn’t oppress any further. Another spontaneous collapse into unconsciousness was only seconds away.


Chapter 25

9:23 A.M.


My new line of sight soon cleared to a pastoral backdrop in the midst of a rolling landscape. No coldness laced through the air in this part of my journey, which was a welcome alteration in climate from my previous jaunt into the unknown. The sun’s tepid rays quickened my footsteps across a hilly terrain, and I progressed with the fluidity of a west wind scurrying through an uncluttered field. If this environment was any indication of the splendors yet to come, I was content to remain here for as long as my thoughts deemed it necessary.
The verdant grasslands appeared unmarked by previous footsteps for more miles than I was able to accurately survey. I hiked as if I was a shepherd touring the countryside for strays from his flock. But there was nothing apparent to stir my movement toward anxiety. A fragrance of wildflowers delighted my senses, and twittering birds added a serene quality to the atmosphere. At one point, I stopped to admire an assemblage of flourishing bluebells licking the hillsides like sapphire flames. Although I felt no urgency to tamper with this respite, I couldn’t deny a compulsion to march onward until arriving at my predestined marker. In this case, that amounted to another four hundred paces to a natural recession between the hillocks, which soon reversed itself into an elevated pasture dotted with the evidence of human intervention.
On the highest portion of this land, I spotted the framework of at least thirty windmills. Their massive sails whirled in the constant breeze, functionally designed to provide energy for the millstones. My modest interest in these structures endured only until I set eyes upon two other figures on the bluff about fifty feet from where I stood. At least one of these men seemed to survey this scene with a tentative vigilance. I already had resigned myself to avoid startling either of these two travelers, for there were no obstacles other than the scattered windmills shielding my path to them. As I sauntered a bit closer to the gentlemen, I determined that they were both saddled on horseback. But after progressing within twenty footsteps from them, I realized that the stridden animals weren’t exactly what I originally surmised.
The ganglier of the two men appeared to have chosen a nag as his transporter. This dilapidated beast’s legs nearly buckled out from under it as it stood shakily upon the field. The other gentleman, who was disproportionately stouter than his sidekick, rode atop a humpbacked mule. My eyes immediately trailed back to the elderly knight perched upon his barn horse. This knight brandished a lance that was not as straight or pointed as it should’ve been. He had gaunt stature, giving him the form of a tin-plated skeleton rather than a man equipped for jousting. His partially rusted armor undoubtedly squeaked like the bones encased within it. The helmet he sported seemed borrowed from another time, a relic of a medieval warrior that had been battered in combat once too often. The headgear’s makeshift beaver was obviously pasted on and constructed of what looked like plaster of Paris. Yet the knight who adorned his head with this gear seemed oblivious to his own façade.
No more evidence was required on my part to identify my present location. The grizzle-bearded knight glared at me as if I had pounced from the furnaces of hell itself. I had apparently trespassed upon this landscape just as he was set to engage in a fierce battle with the massive windmills. Of course, if this indeed was the delusional man I presumed, he was more likely to brand me as an adversary to his errantry.
“Unfold thyself, unknown caitiff,” the old knight bellowed in a voice more hoarse than harrowing. “Defy my command with another step hither and I shall run thee through with my gallant steed Rocinante in full stride.”
As directed by the doddering knight, I halted my position and raised both my hands to display the peaceful nature of my visitation. I was now close enough to both this knight and his squire to hear them deliberate my fate. The latter and fatter of this duo studied me as if I was sandstone of hieroglyphic writing. But in spite of his illiteracy, he seemed much sounder in judgment than his counterpart.
“Senor knight,” he observed excitedly, “this man approaches us unarmed. He has not even a horse to carry him forth.”
“Be mute, my brother Sancho, for ye art not yet keen to the cunningness of giants,” his elderly companion advised.
“But as I told you before, Senor, me-thinks there are no giants on this field.”
“Hush, my friend. I forgive thy callow-mindedness,” returned the other. “Since ye can’t yet see’st more than what thy eyes reveal, conclusions art oft stated in haste. But fear not, my loyal squire, the blessing of knightly vision doth cometh in time for those pure in quest.”
The banter between this unlikely pair was mildly amusing, but I couldn’t yet comprehend my purposes for calling upon their assistance to my own plight. At the risk of being charged upon by the brittle but feisty knight, I decided to step one foot closer and introduce myself without being extended an invitation to do so. My hands remained raised and open as I bent to one knee upon the field, crushing a patch of buttercups with my courteous gesture. My motions couldn’t have possibly been misconstrued as a threat by anyone possessing a reasonable level of intellect.
“Senor knight,” I called out to the thinner of the two adventurers. “I’ve walked for miles on these fields today without a drift of danger neither high nor low. My name is Corbin Cobbs from Willows Edge. My purpose here is as gentle as the wind that blows the purple sashes knotted to your armor.”
Despite my earnest pledge, the elderly knight didn’t look convinced. He turned toward his companion and remarked, “No man of flesh and blood traverses plains of battle without a weapon or clew. Apparently, this interloper hath channeled the dark magic of Freston to pacify my wit with pernicious tricks. Giants art prone to such foul deeds.”
“Forgive my intrusion, Senor knight. But in respect to your judgment, how could you classify me as a giant when you’re doubtlessly taller than I am?”
The oldster snickered assertively as if he had already unraveled the enigma of my existence. “Thou may’st be as shrewd as Merlin’s spells,” he declared sharply, “but he who walks unabated among giants must relate to their kind, as ravening wolves correlate among each other before an attack upon a flock of sheep.”
The senile knight obviously referenced my unhindered passage between the windmills that he had already designated as his immortal foes. If I had any chance of avoiding an assault, his corpulent sidekick served as my only hope. “Senor my worship,” the squire interjected. “What you see’st as giants are merely houses to harness the wind’s energy. The windmills’ sails are not arms anymore than their foundations are shanks.”
“Listen to your wise squire,” I added, more so for the old fellow’s welfare than any damage he might have inflicted upon the windmills or me. “I can assure you that I’ve never encountered a giant in my lifetime. Now, if we cannot converse as civilized men, let me be on my way.” Still unsatisfied, the fifty-year-old knight grappled his lance more doggedly and aimed it squarely in my direction. Only the blockage of Sancho Panza’s bloated frame upon his ass prevented a full charge, (which would’ve amounted to a third of that) from the rickety Rocinante.
“Didst thou hear those vile words trip from his tongue so inelegantly?” the elderly knight gasped to his squire. He then said to me, “How dare ye speak as a ruffian to a knight-errant? By heaven, I shouldst hast thy head upon a pike. It’s akin to blasphemy to do as ye hast done. Another decree in this manner shall prompt me to vanquish ye at once, or I will eternally forfeit the appellation of Don Quixote de la Mancha.”
“Now we are all properly known to one another,” I remarked boldly, unafraid of the consequences of this acquaintance. “Let us now join as allies in order to make sense of our adventure. Because, Senor Don Quixote, though you may well be an exalted knight of errantry, after I’ve revealed my intent I don’t think you’ll see my pursuit so unlike your own.”
“Let it now be heralded,” said Don Quixote, “that in spite of thy honorable pledge, I still perceive ye as a pestilence. Thou still couldst be a mill giant incognito.”
Once again, an unlikely voice of reason came from his unwearied squire. “Senor my master, since he carries no weapon or even a glimpse of malice in or between his eyes, why can’t we accept the man for who he claims himself to be?”
“Peace, my friend Sancho,” Don Quixote admonished his portly partner. “Thou shouldst be mindful of the wily habits of giants, for if this vermin indeed turns out to be what he appears not to be, then he may’st brandish a power to undo our quest at this premature juncture.”
“If necessary, I can readily prove that I am not a giant of any sort,” I suggested.
“And how wouldst thou proceed to do as much?” inquired Don Quixote.
“It’s very simple,” I returned. “Consider it a direct challenge. I ask you to step down from your majestic steed and then compare your height to my own. After we determine that you’re at least a head taller than I am, we will be able to remove any suspicion on your part that I am a giant. Because, by definition, a giant must be taller than anything that perceives it as such.”
Don Quixote mused over my analogy as if I had laced it with arsenic. His bony fingers twisted at the straggled hair poking from beneath his visor’s lopsided edge. I knew that he was well versed in the chivalric code that governed all true knights’ behavior, but he still referred to his squire before making a decision.
Sancho Panza, while fidgeting atop his plump mule, extended the following advice to the man he followed without prejudice: “Senor my splendid ruler, it is customary for a knight-errant to accept a test of any nature from a challenger. Therefore, the rules for engagement are already in place.”
“Prudent reminder, indeed,” Don Quixote mumbled to his squire. His attention then centered on me again. “Although I fault thy claim, I’m obliged by the customs of my trade to concede to thy request.”
If it was possible, without further pretense, Don Quixote clumsily lifted his weighted leg just high enough to dismount his sagging nag. Both Sancho and Rocinante showed expressions of relief as the unbalanced knight plopped to the ground and clanked like a discarded pile of metal scraps. Once he regained his composure, (if in fact he had any to begin with), the ambitious codger stood upright and verified my theory as I knew he would.
“Is there any doubt in your mind now that I am not a giant?” My victory was short-lived, of course, because Don Quixote had developed an aptitude to dispute almost any sensible notion. He contemplated the quandary as though he was a sage of the higher order before justifying his taller stature.
“It wouldst be quite natural for thee to view thyself as victorious in this present circumstance,” he noted. “But just as giants will appear as windmills to an impure eye, these lurid leviathans may’st indeed adjust their heights to look smaller than those who they prey upon.”
As it was with most men who opted to lead others through the murkiest scenarios, this oldster had a disarming way at making the implausible sound palpable, at least to the ears of his faithful squire. I, however, didn’t plan to feed his malnourished observations so copiously. “Your argument doesn’t make any sense, Senor Don Quixote,” I decried. “If giants minimize their height purposely, they wouldn’t induce the same terror from those who first viewed them as enormous.”
The delusional knight attempted to conceal his mirth by shielding his face behind his gauntlet, for it would’ve been uncustomary for such a pioneer of piousness to patently mock the stupidity of others. “Ye art as green as these spring fields,” he said whimsically. “Yet, because I am sworn by oath to educate as well as eradicate those who err, I shall provide thee with an answer to resolve this quandary once and for all.”
The knight then gestured to his squat-bodied squire, who still straddled his mule with a mortified expression. “Doth thou concur with my belief that my brother Sancho, if he ever relieved his ass Dapple for a spell, couldst call thee a giant in comparison to his own posture?”
“Yes,” I agreed. “It does seem that your squire is significantly shorter than I am.”
“Ah,” Don Quixote exclaimed eruditely. “So ye confess that thou hath the ability to interpret height without proper tools of measurement. This is a black and ancient art indeed, crafted by the minions of brimstone pathways.”
Neither Sancho Panza nor I had the stamina to contradict Don Quixote’s warped viewpoint on this matter. The knight’s insistence that I belonged to a family of goliaths germinated in his mind like rank weeds in the boggy earth. At least the squire showed an expression of gratitude when I attempted to cultivate our conversation in another direction, albeit one that may have been even closer to Don Quixote’s passionate disposition.
“I am just a man seeking knowledge,” I announced. “It is an odyssey that every man must embark upon at one time or another. Of all men, Senor Don Quixote, I cannot think of another who’d be more qualified than you to assist me in this search.”
“What doth thou quest?” Don Quixote asked.
“The most elusive of all things cherished, of course,” I replied without a trace of arrogance.
“Why he must be after the Grail!” Sancho remarked exuberantly.
“No. It’s something far more precious than that,” I disavowed.
“Keep us in suspense no further, Corbin Cobbs of Willows Edge,” said Don Quixote.
“I’m searching to find the source, if one truly exists, that provokes a woman to love a man unconditionally,” I avowed.
No sooner had I finished with this declaration then Don Quixote’s entire visage underwent a miraculous transformation. It was as if a beckon borrowed from the most luminous portions of heaven cast solely upon his concaved cheeks. I, as well as Sancho, hardly needed to surmise what illuminated the oldster’s countenance, but there was nothing more excruciating than listening to him pontificate about the raptures of courtly love.
“A noble man’s mission in life dost indeed include the procurement of a beauteous maiden’s hand. Even now, as I prepare to wage battle unyieldingly against the behemothic infidels stationed on this field, my unfettered affections stray eternally toward the lady Dulcinea del Tobosco. No deed that I submit to in order to rescue her from her plight is too valiant or robust.”
“It’s obvious that you must adore this woman beyond compare,” I stated. “I consider her a fortunate damsel to have a man such as yourself champion her. If I may ask, Senor, when will you be reunited with your love?”
“No sooner or later than is required for me to cleanse this land of the scoundrels that infect it.”
“We’ve yet to encounter the lovely Dulcinea,” added Sancho Panza.
“Contagions art oft more pronounced than they first seem,” Don Quixote scolded his squire. “Acquiring the company of such a gracious vision requires fortitude and faith, but since thou art not knighted, as I have been by Senor Castellanoi, I shall excuse thy ignorance on this point.”
“Oh, thank you, Senor my worship. I’m blessed to have found such a wise and humble knight to follow.”
“Never ye mind,” returned Don Quixote. “More urgent issues assail our ears.” The knight then directed his lance at me again and stated, “If thou dost seek the nectars of love, then what talents have ye to demonstrate to woo a despaired damsel?”
“I have no extraordinary skills,” I admitted, while sinking to one knee to show my rehearsed reverence. “If truth be known, it seems that I’ve lost my ability to love a woman in a manner where she feels it crucial to reciprocate.”
The knight’s face reddened as if blistered by sunlight, but after a few seconds he straightened his posture as if a millstone was unhitched from his shoulders. He extended his squire an assertive expression, one that reflected the perseverance he manufactured for his pending quest.
“As a knight-errant, ‘tis my obligation to address any request, providing that thy inquiry is presented earnestly.”
“You have my word on that, Senor,” I responded.
“Very well,” said Don Quixote. “Since I’ve already translated the cipher of equitable love by the painstaking deconstruction of sonnets and lyrical poems, thou shouldst listen to me as thou wouldst mind a man of Holy Scripture.”
“All that you say to me,” I stated, “I shall follow as faithfully as your squire does you in your own quest.”
“My worship won’t deny you a single snippet of his unprecedented wisdom,” Sancho Panza assured me.
“Peace, my friend Sancho, for I never agreed to expose all the courtly wisdom of my ilk. But, because Senor Cobbs of Willows Edge seems so destitute for a woman’s touch, I shall grant him the luxury of a few delicacies on this matter.”
“He is at the mercy of your supreme guidance,” Sancho Panza affirmed. “I will be mute until your offerings are fully recited.”
Don Quixote assumed the pose of one who had just rescued a hamlet full of peasants from the Bubonic plague. Admittedly, where he had polished his armor most zealously, it gleamed like burnished silver in the sunlight. He looked more like a robotic monument than a man of unproven valor. Yet, whether I wished to accept his assertions as valid or not made little difference to his obedient squire. Sancho buried his own smile in his hand as his knight delivered a chivalrous sermon on the subject of my inquiry.

“If thou hope to make a fair heart smitten, then ye must be a man seduced by action rather than words. Therefore, it must be noted that if ye claim love, then thou must embark upon a spirited journey to prove thy worth in ye maiden’s eyes.”
“But what sort of quest must this be?” I asked him.
“Any that puts thy own life in constant, unmitigated peril,” he answered.
“Then, if what you say is true, I can only attain a woman’s love if I show her that my life means less to me than her own?”
Don Quixote nodded his chin and then straightened it toward the sky as if posing for a sculptor’s rendition of his consummate nobility. “Can thou conceive a more plentiful reward for thy sacrifices?”
“In respect to your observations, Senor Don Quixote, doesn’t such a mission outweigh the one she exchanges for me? After all, if I fail in my quest, as you may in your own, where does that leave the women we cherish?”
“If ye submit to defeat at any phase along the passage, then thy journey is already compromised. The pure knight never falters; it stands to prove that the love he grants shall not be bested.”
Despite his earlier pledge to keep his thoughts contained, Sancho Panza’s enthusiasm took precedence over his tongue. “My dauntless master makes it sound so simple that it’s a sheer marvel any suitor befitted with such knowledge is ever jilted by a damsel.”
“Your squire makes a salient point,” I noted, much to Don Quixote’s displeasure. “You are now looking at a man who has been impaled in his heart by a lance sharper than the one you point in my direction. I once thought of myself as a decent man, Senor, perhaps not one without fault, but unquestionably one without malice. At one time, the woman I love treated me as though she loved me with unconditional acceptance.”
Don Quixote looked at me with the same fatherly compassion he sometimes cast upon Sancho Panza. He raised one of his bony fingers and wagged it in my face like a decrepit dog’s tail. “Once the victor dost not twice define the knight,” he cautioned. “Perennial affection, like the succulent blossoms gracing these fields, requires replenishment oft. Never abandon ye spring of nourishment in the presence of a seeded or unseeded garden.”
“A simple ploughman knows as much,” Sancho Panza interjected, which merited a modest chuckle from Don Quixote.
“If this is really a solution to my strife, gentlemen, then it’s safe to presume that my quest will never cease,” I pondered aloud.
“Art thou not prepared for such an undertaking, Senor Cobbs?”
I couldn’t answer Don Quixote’s question immediately, at least not with the certitude he expected. What man among us truly sought an incessant fight for love? No seasoned man stood grander and stronger than his younger counterparts throughout the decades. Eventually, he conceded to the vitality of those who once looked upon him for guidance. Perhaps Don Quixote suspected that my eyes had dulled to a degree where I no longer possessed the wherewithal to conquer any opponent for my lady’s devotion.
In any event, another tranquil breeze wound its way over the beveled terrain, which caused the windmills’ colossal sails to rotate sporadically. The agitation of these sails incited the elderly knight’s fury once again, and he reverted to his decision to terminate the pestilence from this landscape forevermore.
“If ye be not a disciple of giants,” Don Quixote proclaimed, “then stand aside and bear witness to my moment of glory. I shall vanquish these towering tyrants one by one until the ground is cleaned of their company.”
I realized that my purpose here had expired. “I’ll leave you to your duties now,” I assured the knight. “Besides, we both have many battles yet to fight.”
Admittedly, I was tempted to stay behind and serve as a witness to Don Quixote’s ill-conceived assault upon the windmills, but other business prompted me to move forward. I managed to progress only a few feet farther before the elderly knight reassumed his position atop Rocinante in order to make his charge. I was not certain if the sun’s glare blinded me momentarily, but it appeared Sancho Panza was standing on the grassy hillocks without his mule anywhere in sight. I couldn’t resist confirming this oddity.
“Sancho Panza,” I called out across the field. “Have you suddenly lost your mule?”
A pause followed, but eventually the paunchy squire tipped his sombrero at me and hollered, “Yes, Senor Cobbs, it seems I can’t hold onto my own ass for very long. But fret not, Dapple will be back again as surely as the pages in a well-plotted book flip.”
At this point neither the squire nor his senile knight required further assistance from me. Despite the calamities that awaited them, they were still in a far better place than where I wandered. After all, those who cared to study such lore already knew the destinies of these two characters. But my excursion had no clear vision, and I traveled the terrain in isolation, searching for answers that were obscured in the dusty nooks of my brain.


Chapter 26

9:26 A.M.


At first, I only detected the reverberations of hollow words, none of which were particularly coherent to me. My eyes steadily focused on a panel of fluorescent light. One fixture in the ceiling flickered like random bolts of lightning. It took me another few seconds to remember where I was and from whom the voice emanated. Shawn Winger stood over my chair like a miasmatic figure; his features were now as fuzzy and distorted as his previous admission. In the throes of my episodic dream, I had shrunken into the chair behind his desk. Since my vision remained foggy, I couldn’t discern how much of my spell Shawn witnessed. I elected to remain silent until he questioned me on the nature of my blackout.
The anxiety hadn’t faded from Shawn’s tone when he called out, “Corbin, are you okay?” I wasn’t convinced that anything he revealed was genuine now, so I decided to subdue my need for his assistance by simply grabbing a tissue from the same box I tossed at him earlier. I patted the perspiration from my brow with little urgency.
“I’m fine,” I lied to Shawn. “Why? Do I look sick to you?”
Shawn looked baffled by my flippancy. “You were just flopping around in my chair like you were having a seizure,” he said. He then hesitated to soften his voice so that it mimicked something closely resembling compassion. “Are you sick?”
I didn’t know how to answer him truthfully. Perhaps it was better to let him make his own assumption based on the way I looked. Evidently, my appearance must’ve deteriorated rather rapidly since this morning. He winced at me as if he had stumbled over a piece of decaying road kill.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
“With me?” I replied, still clinging to ignorance as obsessively as an alcoholic clutches his last bottle of gin. “I wish I knew, Shawn, but it seems there’s a lot about the human body—particularly with the brain’s interior region—that doctors are just beginning to comprehend.”
Shawn resumed the posture of a dejected soul that he had displayed when I first arrived at his room today. I had no intention for him to know any more about my condition than he already estimated, but I was also weary of pretending that my physical declination wasn’t noticeable to anyone who looked in my direction for more than thirty seconds.
“Jesus, Corbin, I didn’t even know that you were ill.”
“Well, it seems that you’re not the only one around here with a secret or two, are you?” My disgruntlement was intentional. “By the way, did your little girlfriend notice anything strange about me?”
Shawn slunk behind his desk, visibly bruised by my repetitive pokes at his character. He clasped his hands against the sides of his temples as if my sickness had transformed into an epidemic. By staring into the man’s eyes, I knew that his mind still reeled with impracticalities.
“Desiree is convinced that this is all going to work out,” he said wistfully.
“But you realize that you’re listening to the untried voice of a seventeen-year-old girl, don’t you?” His gaze shifted to a column of windows flanking the back wall in his classroom. Another line of storm clouds gathered like toxic smoke across the hills surrounding the school.
“You know,” he muttered regretfully, “a couple of decades ago something like this wouldn’t even have been newsworthy. Back then, teachers and students fell in love and had relationships all the time.”
“You were just a kid picking dried snot from your nose twenty years ago, Shawn. I hope you’re not going to tell me anything else unspeakable,” I mentioned. “So I’ll just assume Desiree is the only student you’ve slept with since you started working here.”
“Of course she is. Come on, Corbin, do I look like a child molester to you?”
“She’s underage,” I reminded him. “The law and the people in this town will see you as a scurvy predator. It’s really that cut and dried.”
“Yeah, but not fair by a long shot. She’s just two months shy of the magic number of eighteen. I guess if we waited until then everything would’ve been hunky-dory, huh?”
“You’re still her teacher and coach. It was your responsibility to make sure things didn’t get out of control.” If I wasn’t feeling so physically exhausted I might’ve hauled off and punched my pompous colleague in his nose. It probably wouldn’t have changed anything, but I might’ve felt a tad better. Although I recognized that Shawn wasn’t the first (or last) teacher to fold under the temptations of a nubile girl, I always assumed he was somehow better than the rest. Perhaps I loathed myself for being so gullible.
In order to prevent our conversation from digressing into something that we both would’ve regretted later on, I attempted to keep my advice practical. “When do you plan on telling your wife?” As I asked this question to Shawn, I made certain that he watched me acknowledge Jill’s photograph near his computer.
“I haven’t figured out the right time to tell her yet,” he said. “That’s going to be the hardest part in all of this. She doesn’t deserve to be hurt. You know, I keep looking at her, trying to rediscover the feelings that I once had. It’s just not there. I can’t even explain why. All I know is that I can’t get Desiree out of my mind.”
“But yet you still display your wife’s photo in your classroom,” I said, pointing to the frame. “Is this your way of hiding the truth? I got to be honest with you, Shawn, you’re throwing out more mixed signals than a malfunctioning fire alarm.”
“I guess it’s selfish of me to wish that Jill was more like Desiree, huh?”
“From what I remember, you’ve been together with Jill since you two were in high school. I’m sure if you put your mind to it, you can remember when the intensity level was just as high between you and your wife as what you’re experiencing with the jailbait now.”
“I can’t say for sure,” said Shawn as his eyes trailed away from his wife’s photo again. Now he seemed focused on a photograph of Desiree stapled to his bulletin board. She wore a maroon and gold basketball uniform and her hair was tied up in a ponytail. “I know she’s young, but Desiree is mature for her age. She knows how to handle herself.”
“Look,” I countered, “I’m sure she’s an exciting diversion from your reality as a husband and father, but you have to know that relationships change over time. No matter who you’re with, it’s not always going to be like the fourth of July in the sack.”
“I’m tired of just going through the motions, Corbin. Desiree makes me feel alive. I’m just happier when we’re together.”
“You may think that now, but one day in the near future you’re going to wake up and realize what an ass you’ve been. By then, it’ll be too late to save your family. How many mistakes do you really want to make?”
“I expected this reaction,” he said knowingly. “But as a man who has been married for as many years as you have, Corbin, you must have some idea of what I’m talking about. Can you honestly tell me that you don’t ever get bored of going to bed with the same woman every night?”
“If I told you no, would you stay with your wife?” Shawn didn’t enunciate a response. Instead, he lowered his head as if nodding off into a daydream’s ambit. I imagined that if merely contemplating infidelity were equivalent to actually committing it, almost everyone I knew would’ve been guilty of transgressions in carnality. Since I never strayed from my spouse, at least physically, my antipathy for Shawn’s behavior seemed justified. However, I couldn’t pretend that my own wife wasn’t presently engaged in the licentious deeds that ravaged most marriages. Rather than prolong the uneasiness wedging between us like an iron spike, I decided to suspend my conversation with Shawn.
“It’s obvious that I can’t help you now,” I told him, while standing up from his chair; both my hands clamped to the desktop to support my unbalanced weight.
“You’re leaving now?” Shawn asked. His hand instinctively reached out and grabbed my wrist. He might’ve even held onto me if not for my skin’s clamminess. “We still have some time before next period begins. Why don’t you stay?”
“I don’t see a need for that. I think it’s best if I go.”
“But you’ll promise to keep quiet about my situation, right?”
“Just handle your business like the teacher everyone thinks you are, Shawn, and you won’t have to worry about me.”
Shawn glared at me in mute disapproval; perhaps his words were snared in bitterness, shock, or regret. I moved toward his classroom’s door with no further display of emotion on this matter. At the same time, I knew that I’d never be able to look upon Shawn Winger with the blind reverence as the rest of the employees of this high school. From a professional standpoint, if I still truly categorized myself as such, I had an ethical and maybe even legal obligation to report this incident. But I had already promised Shawn some time to rectify the situation. I was prepared to grant him until the end of the weekend to submit a confession before any further intervention from me.
I managed to advance to the adjoining corridor before being reacquainted with my own troubles. My cell-phone alerted me to a text message from my wife. I hadn’t forgotten that I prompted her to remind me of my doctor’s appointment by writing a message on the back of her receipt from Starbucks. I figured she would’ve crafted a lame explanation to dispel this evidence by now. But adding to my irritation, she kept the gist of her reply as generic as a prescription. Based on her electronic note, it read as though she had absolutely no remorse over my discovery. Her text message simply read: ‘Don’t forget your appointment with Dr. Pearson at 2:45 P.M. Take care.’
          As demoralizing as Rachel’s divulgence of her affair with Leon Chase might’ve been for me, at least I’d be able to mull the aftermath in a sensible state of mind. But she extended nothing to alleviate my sorrow, not even a syllable of empathy. The longer I remained in limbo, the more I suffered. I was almost inclined to call her at this moment and berate her savagely on the phone, but this was an impetuous man’s reaction. Up until this point, my life had consisted of a succession of cautiously measured steps; this tread required my most cunning footwork. I therefore returned her notation with one of my own, which matched her blithe tone precisely, but also set the stage for our forthcoming confrontation. My text read: ‘Rachel, I need to talk to you before my appointment this afternoon. I’ll call you during my lunch.’
I returned my cell-phone to my pocket with a somber yet satisfied expression. Where would our modern society be today without this cold form of digitized combat? Until recently, I hadn’t fully recognized the false bravado exhibited by anyone brandishing a smart phone and data plan. Of course, the absence of inflection and emotion in text warfare left every statement subject to misinterpretation. As I presently understood it, high school courtships commenced and ceased with a few pithy remarks. I certainly wasn’t immune to the technology that ironically implanted distance between the closest of friends. It gave me a tiny degree of pleasure to imagine Rachel pondering the solemnity of my words in her phone’s 3 x 5 soulless screen.
My period of contrived mirth was short-lived, however, because no matter how courageously I hoped to present myself, the scars of deception were ensconced in my brain. Whenever a husband suspected his wife of being unfaithful, he invariably compared himself to her new lover, whether he knew him or not. In my case, if the evidence proved accurate, then I’d be forced to accept Leon as the fellow who bested me yet again. I didn’t mind losing to him in financial undertakings, or even a throw of darts at Rounders on occasion, but this was an unforgivable trespass.
As unsettling as the notion of my wife sleeping with Leon was, I couldn’t pretend that it was an astonishing disclosure. His sex appeal was uncontestable, even in the insecure banter circulated playfully between my wife and I in bed at times. She couldn’t fake her allurement toward his comeliness anymore than I could’ve ignored the fact that she spent the majority of her time (when in his company) admiring him from the corner of her eye. Periodically I tried to deflect my inferiority to Leon by suggesting that he didn’t exude the natural wit that I had honed like a stainless blade. But this was a consolation rather than a frank assessment. Even humor, as I learned, was somehow more palpable when spouted from a rich man’s lips. And if truth was the order of this day, Leon didn’t have to try to impress anyone with funny anecdotes to secure the attention of females. Charisma and cash were a decidedly irresistible combination.
Of course, Leon’s wife laughed louder than anyone else on the rare occasions when her husband resorted to quips to entertain his guests. Peggy Chase assumed the role of a subservient wife better than an Oscar-winning actress, although I suspected she never resented this position in her family. She most likely considered herself a fortunate woman, and carried herself with an unpretentiousness that belied her wealth and status among those who she befriended. I couldn’t imagine why Leon sought to jeopardize everything that they had achieved as a couple. Was he, like Shawn Winger, simply bored with the routine? Or was my wife such a fascinatingly tantalizing woman that he couldn’t resist her?
Although I wasn’t briefed on the full extent of Leon’s nocturnal relations with Peggy, I shared a beer with him often enough to know that he never complained about his wife’s sexual appetite. By any man’s standards, Peggy’s desire to please her husband in bed rated as nothing less than robust. In fact, I recalled him reciting only praise for Peggy’s dedication for keeping their marriage spontaneous and adventuresome even after the birth of a child. As recently as three weeks ago, he went out of his way to boast about the number of times he had intercourse with his wife every week. Six times in seven days sounded on par with most moonstruck teenagers, and certainly had me second-guessing my own libido.
Betrayal didn’t sit well on any man’s brow; it wreaked havoc in his mind like rabies, never revealing its lethalness until it was too late to modify the outcome. As it now stood, my option was to look inward and confront the segment of my character that I fought to suppress since childhood. Until now, I hadn’t acknowledged the raw anger swelling within me like a crimson tide. For the longest time, I believed that such feelings subsided like a sea slipping into stillness after a white squall, but treacherous pitfalls of madness still lurked like whirlpools in the currents. The ugly and mostly unseen part of me was never truly exterminated. If rekindled by an inflammatory source, my temper ignited as rapidly as a dry bundle of straw. No matter how benevolent I wished to appear as a man, the sting inside my heart defiled my blood and overwhelmed me with diabolical notions.
In route to my next class I decided to elude the thickening band of students in the hallway by ducking into the nearest stairwell. I reasoned that a few minutes to calm my emotions might’ve helped me avoid a total meltdown. After descending a flight of stairs, I glanced at my watch. My watch’s repetitive ticking seemed almost synchronized with the throbbing within my head. I didn’t know how many more episodes I’d be able to tolerate today, but I had little time to contemplate the repercussions. My attention was diverted to a second flight of stairs. A female student sat on the stair’s bottom tread with her head buried against her knees. She appeared to be sobbing. Because she had her face barricaded in her lap, I couldn’t determine if I knew her or not. Perhaps it would’ve been easier for me to just tiptoe away and let her sulk in silence, but her crying prompted me to stop and attempt to remedy her sadness.
“Excuse me,” I said softly, “are you okay?”
The girl paused to sniffle and swipe a neatly manicured hand through her mane of raven-colored hair. It wasn’t until she lifted her chin halfway off her knees and stared at me with a pair of eyes as lime as spring grass that I recognized her face. Even through a film of tears, no one had eyes as dazzling as Mona Dukes. They shined like embedded jewels in the most ornamented shrines. I had Mona in my American literature class two years ago when she was a sophomore, and currently as a member of my fifth period study hall. Every so often, her emotions seemed out of kilter with the rest of her classmates, but I admired her impassioned and often avant-garde disposition. By now, I imagined she had experienced enough woe in high school to actually merit some of her teardrops, but I remained tentative with my approach.
“Hey, Mr. Cobbs,” she said through a sniffle. “Give me a minute. I’m okay.”
I glanced at a pile of crumpled tissue paper situated beside Mona in a contorted pyramid. “One of those days, huh?” I said, motioning to the lump of used paper with my foot. Although I resisted an urge to be intrusive, the good part of me that screamed “TEACHER” almost demanded that I investigate her sorrow thoroughly.
“One of those days,” Mona repeated my words numbly. “Yeah. That’s it.” She then picked her head up so I could see her Mongolian skin reflecting like wet amber under the dim fluorescent lights. The stairwell was at least twenty degrees warmer than the rest of the air-conditioned corridors and classrooms, and the evidence of this disparity revealed itself in the speckles of sweat peppering her forehead, cheeks, and upper lip. Mona braided her hair with neon orange beads between random locks, and peacock feathers dangled around her earlobes in vibrant shades of green and violet. Adding to this hodgepodge of accessories, she wore an earring with garnets or rubies in her right ear, but not in her left. She looked at me with some level of distress weighing into her expression.
“Looks like you’re having a pretty rough day, too, Mr. Cobbs,” Mona observed.
“That may be the understatement of the century,” I said. At this point, I felt comfortable enough to crouch down beside her on the stair’s tread. She barely shifted her knees to make room for my company. “Don’t worry,” I assured her. “I’m not here to give you a hard time. Is there anything I can do to help?”
Mona stared at me with a wedge of tears breaking off from her bottom lashes and trickling across her golden skin; the saline water crossed a dark mole shaped like an hourglass just an inch away from her left nostril. Perhaps she wondered if I really cared to know about her troubles, no matter how severe or petty.
“You know, you’re going to be late for your own class,” she told me.
“I have a pass,” I joked. “I’m sure they’ll manage a few minutes without me.” Mona continued to dab at her eyes with the tissue balled between her fingers as I searched for an appropriate purpose to our interaction. “Who ever thought high school was going to be this difficult?” I sighed.
She stopped and swung her head slightly in my direction, rattling the plastic beads in her hair like a maraca. “It can’t be as bad for teachers as it is for us,” she said.
“What makes you so sure, Mona?”
“You get paid to come here and put up with our crap.”
“Oh,” I quipped, “and a paycheck is the authentic regulator for happiness?”
“Well, I don’t have a choice, Mr. Cobbs. I hate this high school.”
If I had a dime for every instance a student told me he hated high school, I’d have enough minted FDR’s to wallpaper the Capitol’s dome. Generally, students like Mona didn’t protest about the minutia in high school, so I gathered that a serious issue generated her current condition of angst.
“Let me put it this way,” I said, still trying to interject levity. “The only people who think high school is a safe haven are those who’ve never stepped inside one.”
Mona released a smile from her tightened jaw, illuminating the stairwell with a splay of teeth that glistened like wet opals. She had a remarkable giggle, too, that still sounded genuine mixed between flecks of sorrow. “I really shouldn’t be so upset over this,” she said. “I didn’t even do anything wrong.”
“If that’s the case, things will most likely work out in your favor.”
Mona paused for a second, probably wondering why I hadn’t badgered her for anymore details. “Don’t you want to know what happened, Mr. Cobbs?”
I shrugged my shoulders before saying, “That depends. If you want to tell me, I’ll be kind enough to listen.”
“That sounds like something a politician might say.”
“Trust me, Mona, politicians have nothing on teachers.”
She smiled again and patted her eyes and nose with the tissue paper. Then, with her tone moderately squeakier she asked, “You know, Orlando, right?”
The only boy I knew by that name in this school was in my next period’s creative writing course. Orlando Rodriquez was Ravendale’s doppelganger to Casanova, or at least he channeled that Italian adventurer’s amorous conduct whenever possible. I also realized that he and Mona were classified as an exclusive couple, which was an ideology among modern teens as nearly as extinct as a dodo.
“Anyway,” Mona continued, “he said you’re a pretty cool teacher.”
“I hope that’s not why you’re crying,” I jested.
“We broke up,” she said tonelessly. “Well, actually, to be more specific, he dumped me.”
From what I remembered, Mona and Orlando were dating for almost two years; that’s tantamount to a thirty-year marriage in quarters outside the realm of high school. When studying the anguish in Mona’s watery eyes, however, I couldn’t discount her tears as crocodilian. In a heart not yet jaded by the cruel certainties of love, the first gash always bled most profusely. I wanted to assure her that this incident was not as detrimental to her life as she presently believed, and how she’d most likely forget a guy like Orlando entirely by the time she started college in the fall. But she didn’t need to hear my cynical theories on severed romances now. Therefore, I decided to proceed in our conversation with the dexterous precision of a surgeon, rather than hack away at her sensitivities like a butcher of dreams.
“Did he mention why he wanted to end things?” I asked cautiously.
Mona shook her head as if to respond with a definitive gesture, but then changed her posture dramatically by standing up from the stair and yelling, “The whole thing is just crazy. Everything was fine between us until yesterday. We weren’t even fighting.” I knew if I waited long enough, Mona would’ve eventually arrived at her point. “He then texted me last night and told me it’s over. He’s convinced I’ve been screwing around with his best friend Casey.”
“Casey Michaels?” I asked.
“Yeah. It’s a big joke, Mr. Cobbs. I think Casey’s an okay guy and everything, but I’m not interested in him in that way. Besides, I’d never cheat on Orlando with anyone.”
“I believe you,” I said.
“Orlando’s never acted so jealous before,” she added. “He won’t even listen to me.”
“Give him a day or two to cool off,” I suggested. “He’ll come around.”
Mona didn’t flinch a tendon in her skinny body as she stood before me, and I had little doubt that she’d risk sabotaging her relationship with Orlando a month before her senior prom. Casey Michaels didn’t fit the role as a likely rival to Orlando. In my mind, Casey seemed almost aloof to the opposite sex, and spent an inordinate amount of energy cracking jokes and goofing around with his buddies. Of course my acceptance to Mona’s pledge was insignificant. I suspected her hotheaded boyfriend was not as discerning with his interpretations. To worsen matters, both Orlando and Casey sat side-by-side in my next class.
As a teacher, I couldn’t lend anything more than a few stock words to this cause on Mona’s behalf without crossing the invisible barrier that separated students and faculty. And I also had an inclination that Mona handled herself confidently when in the company of her classmates.
“Thanks for stopping,” she offered me. “I was really surprised you did.”
“Surprised that I stopped?”
“Yeah,” she said, wiping away the last of her teardrops. “You always seem like you’re running off somewhere to put out a fire.”
“Well, maybe I need to learn how to slow down sometimes. Let me know if I can do anything else to help, okay?”
“I will, Mr. Cobbs.”
I resumed a standing position feeling somewhat revitalized. For now, at least, my thoughts seemed cogent and my vertigo subsided. Mona’s smile made me feel as if I contributed something praiseworthy to her plight, although I hadn’t devised a strategy to alter her predicament in the slightest way. But I knew today was different from all the other days that I lived before. The events of this morning provided an unsubtle reminder to me that nothing happening around Ravendale High School was quite as it seemed.


Chapter 27

9:37 A.M.


At a more optimistic stage in my life, I believed a creative writing course at the high school level was an elective reserved for students who were dedicated to the craft of perfecting prose and poetry. At present, I could not pretend that all of the students in my writing course had any such aspirations in mind. By taking two English electives, the seniors were able to bypass the twelfth grade British Literature requirement, thereby escaping a hefty dose of challenging text in exchange for a blank journal. In their unseasoned minds, it was far easier to fake a vague interest in writing than it was for reading anything of substance. Thankfully, I still encountered exceptions to this trend. My favorite moments as a teacher involved interacting with those few students who still valued the creative process and technique of storytelling.
By the time I arrived at my classroom for the start of fourth period, an obvious friction buzzed in the air like an agitated beehive. A group of kids unknown to this hallway at this particular time had already assembled outside my classroom. Some of them leaned against a chain of lockers with one foot tucked up against the metal panels like a bunch of flamingos waiting for a shrimp buffet. In my experience, students lingering in the hallway were harbingers for trouble. Since I recognized only a few people in the crowd, I assumed most of my students had already entered the class.
It took me a few seconds to pick out a familiar face. “Hey, Sierra,” I called out to a plain girl shouldering her way through the loiterers. Sierra Clark looked like a Beatnik poet straight out of Greenwich Village in the 1950’s. She didn’t own a stitch of clothing a shade lighter than gray. Even on cloudy days, she sported oversized sunglasses that consumed the better portion of her pale, freckled face. As far as being a writer, Sierra was rarely seen without her journal in hand. By nature and reputation, she was a poet, and often volunteered to share her stanzas of teenage torment with her classmates.
“How’s it going, Mr. C?” said Sierra as she casually strode toward me. Ironically, the fraught rhythm of this girl’s poetry never showed in her demeanor. She moved like a walking tranquilizer, almost floating through the corridor on a sedative of self-contentment.
“Well, I’m a little confused right now,” I replied. “Why are all these kids standing around in this hallway?”
Sierra craned her neck to glance over my shoulder to see inside the classroom. Ten of my fourteen students were already sitting at their desks. “There’s going to be a fight,” Sierra remarked. “Is Casey in there yet?”
I pivoted my head to take a look into the room at the desk where Casey usually did most of his gabbing. Casey was the type of kid who would’ve been overlooked in most crowds had it not been for his animated behavior. He was on time today, but obviously distracted by several students who huddled around him as if he was a quarterback at the Super Bowl. One student was noticeably missing. His friend Orlando hadn’t yet arrived to class.
“Casey’s inside,” I answered Sierra. Apparently, disruptive news zipped around this school faster than a pandemic. Sierra simply smiled in a devious manner that indicated her knowledge of a forthcoming confrontation. Because of my conversation with Mona a few minutes earlier, I also surmised a brewing dilemma.
“You shouldn’t let Orlando in class today,” Sierra muttered as she ducked under my shoulder and proceeded to find her seat closest to my desk.
Before starting class, I decided to break up some of the spectators who had assembled to watch the main event. If there was going to be a physical altercation, it wasn’t going to happen in my classroom. For the past ten years my record for classroom management remained spotless, and I intended to keep all administrative paperwork down to a minimum. The first strategy in subduing any fight was to remove the potential instigators. In this case, that meant clearing the hallway before Orlando arrived to greet the masses.
“Come on,” I exclaimed to the hoard of testy teens. My voice was barely discernible above their chatter. “You all need to get to class right now.” For emphasis, I began waving my hands like a traffic cop during rush hour. Since I wasn’t especially known for my authoritativeness, most of these kids looked at me as if I had just swallowed a fistful of recreational drugs. They had no intention of budging a step in any direction until two safety officers emerged in the hallway. Perhaps it was overkill for our security purposes, but Dr. Lemus hired the beefiest man I ever set eyes upon as the primary watchman. Wayne Kramer spoke in a voice almost as prodigious as his belly.
“Walk and talk!”  Kramer bellowed at the dawdlers. “Don’t make me ask you scrawny buttheads twice!” Oddly, the kids responded to backhanded threats and insults when delivered by someone who was at least two hundred pounds heavier than they were. Upon seeing Kramer and the other safety officer, the nest of dullards scattered like dry leaves in a windstorm. As Kramer waddled by, he nodded one of his chins at me to demonstrate his mastery of student conduct. I returned a conciliatory nod to acknowledge my appreciation for his assistance.
The last straggler disappeared without complaint before Orlando Rodriquez made his belated appearance. A gumshoe wasn’t required to ascertain the cause for Orlando’s perpetual tardiness. He usually drifted through the corridors like a demagnetized compass, periodically stopping to admire his reflection in a door’s glass window or a trophy case. Unlike Casey, Orlando didn’t need any loquacious banter to attract the students’ attention. In my estimation, Orlando would’ve made short work of his buddy in a fight. But I also knew that Orlando wasn’t a troublemaker, and he picked his battles with the scrutiny of a wily general. While not particularly tall, he had a stocky build and muscled forearms, which included tribal tattoos in black ink. His hair was the color of fresh asphalt, and rarely mussed. Sierra Clark once mentioned that he had eyes the shade of midnight, and then she wrote a poem about it.
As Orlando rambled up the hallway today in his baggy dungarees, I immediately recognized the confliction spreading through his expression like a wildfire. When he reached my classroom, his eyebrows were angled like a line of soot across his forehead. Since I already knew the source of his fiery mindset, I had no intention of letting him blaze inside and cremate Casey Michaels. He stopped just shy of my classroom’s threshold, almost warning me with an incinerating gaze to clear out of his path.
“Are you gonna let me in or what?” he asked me.
“That depends, Orlando.”
“C’mon, Mr. Cobbs, I’m really not in the mood.”
“Really? It looks to me like you’re in the mood to do something that you shouldn’t.”
Orlando combed his fingers through the wedges of his spiked hair. His gunmetal-blue eyes flashed with a yellow tincture, just how Sierra described them in her poem. I had an inclination that he wanted to shove me aside and complete what he had come here to do.
“Don’t make my problem your problem,” he told me, trying not to grimace.
“Anything that happens in my classroom becomes an inherited problem,” I stipulated. “Look, I’m going to be honest with you, Orlando. I know what’s going on between you and your girlfriend. I just don’t want any trouble, you understand?”
“She’s not my girlfriend anymore,” he corrected me. His face then took on a shade of scarlet. I never observed such a rapid show of irritation in the boy’s face before this moment. His moonlit eyes seemed to stare right through me and hone in on Casey like two heat-seeking missiles. “I need to straighten something out with Casey.”
“Now isn’t a good time. I can see that you’re quite upset.”
“Damn right. Wouldn’t you be angry if you found out that someone was messin’ around with your wife behind your back?”
“The way I heard it, that’s not accurate.  Now I know you and Casey have been friends a long time. I don’t want you to do anything stupid that you’ll regret later on.”
“Well, maybe Casey should’ve thought about that before he took Mona out cruising in his car.”
“Did you ask Mona if that’s true?”
“Don’t be stupid,” he retorted. “Of course she’s gonna deny going out with him. That’s why they call it cheating, Mr. Cobbs. Mona might be a little slut, but she’s not dumb.”
“Hey, watch your mouth. Besides, that’s not how she is and you know it. Mona is a nice girl. Maybe you should ask yourself why you’re choosing not to believe her.”
“Because I know she’s full of crap.”
“How do you know for certain?”
Orlando flared his nostrils at me like a cornered bull right before it charged the matador. Then, without moving from his defiant stance, he drew his hand into the front pocket of his faded blue jeans and pulled forth what looked like a piece of woman’s jewelry. After he opened his palm fully, I determined that it was in fact a gold earring with garnet stones set in its spiral design. He displayed it with the surety of a fingerprint at a crime scene.
“I found this in Casey’s car on our way home from a concert the other night. It was underneath the passenger’s seat.”
“And you’re assuming that this is Mona’s earring?”
“Nah, Mr. Cobbs, I’m not assuming anything. I know it’s hers.”
“What makes you so sure?”
“Because I bought her these earrings for her birthday back in January,” Orlando answered with a satisfactory glint. “I looked all over the Internet to find the kind she wanted, complete with her birthstones. She’s still wearing the other one.”
“So this is your only evidence?”
“What else do I need? There’s no other way this earring could’ve gotten in Casey’s car unless she was in it.”
Orlando’s logic served him sufficiently in this instance, but it was not an entirely foolproof rationalization. I decided to explore this issue more thoroughly. “One question, Orlando: can you think of any time when you, Mona, and Casey were all in his car together?”
Orlando started shaking his head before I finished my inquiry. “No way, man. As far as I know, Mona’s never been in Casey’s car when I was around.”
“Never? You’ve dated her for almost two years, and you’ve been friends with Casey since you started high school. Are you telling me you guys never went to the mall together, maybe a movie, or out to eat somewhere in his car?”
“Nope. Not since January anyway.”
As Orlando calculated the details from the past several months, I watched him flip the earring over in his hand. Then, just by chance, I noticed that the earring’s clasp was still attached to its stem. “Hold on a second,” I said, reaching out my own hand parallel to Orlando’s fingers. “May I see that earring for a moment?”
“Be my guest,” he replied before dropping the piece of jewelry into my palm.
I examined the earring briefly to confirm my observation, and I was surprised that Orlando hadn’t discerned the identical detail. “You see this,” I said, showing him the earring’s clasp. “If, as you suspect, Mona lost this in Casey’s car, I’m assuming you think it fell out of her earlobe?”
“Of course. She hasn’t taken those earrings off since I bought them for her, except maybe before she goes to bed.”
“But notice the clasp on the earring’s back, Orlando. It’s still attached. Is this the way you found it in Casey’s car?”
“Yeah. Just like you see it now.”
“Well, then it couldn’t have fallen out of her ear with the clasp still fastened, could it?” I didn’t wish to sound glib, but it was almost an unavoidable instinct in this case. Orlando looked at me dumbfounded, but perhaps this was merely to camouflage the embarrassment for his shortsighted conclusion. I assumed he wasn’t going to concede to such a practical notion.
“Your theory still doesn’t explain how Mona’s earring got in Casey’s car, Mr. Cobbs,” he said smugly.
“True. But it also clearly paints a picture of how it didn’t get there.”
“So how do you think Mona’s earring ended up in Casey’s car if she didn’t drop it in there?”
“I can’t answer that. Maybe you picked it up by accident one night after she took it off and dropped it in his car yourself. I’m sure if you think about it long enough you’ll come up with a few conclusions that’ll make sense.”
“I guess you think you’re a modern day Sherlock Holmes or something, huh?” he grimaced.
“Far from it,” I replied. “But it stands to reason that Mona might be telling you the truth.”
“I’m not so convinced just yet. Besides, it’s already too late. I dumped her last period.”
“It’s never too late to apologize and admit that you were wrong.”
Orlando appeared miffed by my suggestion. I should’ve anticipated his next statement. “I don’t ever remember asking you to get involved in my business, Mr. Cobbs. So just back off and leave things alone until I can figure out what to do.”
“Fair enough, but let me tell you a couple things about my business. I’m here to make sure my students get an education.  This isn’t as simple as it sounds when I have guys like you looking to rip another kid’s head off because of a rumor that you can’t even verify. And my second point, which might be a bit outside the realm of my job description, is to see that good kids don’t get their feelings trampled on. Now maybe that makes me an interferer, but seeing Mona crying in the stairwell isn’t something I can just overlook.”
Orlando stuffed the earring back into his pocket and winced at me as if I had just kicked him in his shin. Perhaps there was a trace of guilt sifting through his expression. I decided to assist him with his feelings.
“You know, it’s been quite a few years since I’ve been to a prom,” I said, “but I’m guessing that it’s not too easy to find a date a month before the event. I imagine Mona is feeling a bit slighted, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Hey, that’s not my problem. For all I care, she can go with Casey. He needs a date, too.”
“So you’re not even going to consider that you could be wrong about her?”
“Doesn’t matter. I’m not gonna back down now. That’s just the way I am.”
Orlando’s position disappointed me, but I wasn’t surprised. In fact, few students his age ever conceded to their missteps in judgment. To worsen matters, I didn’t have the time to reaffirm my point; the other kids were already waiting for me in class.
“I can do one of two things right now,” I offered Orlando. “I could let you in class if you promise to leave Casey alone. You can sit on the other side of the room, and just pretend he isn’t there.”
“What’s the other option?”
“You can spend the rest of this period in Dr. Lemus’s office and think things over. Under the circumstances, this might not be such a bad idea.”
Orlando made his choice without any hesitation. “You know, I’m feeling kinda creative today. So, if you don’t mind, I think I’d rather stay in class.”
For a student who hadn’t bothered to bring his journal to class in over a week, I surmised that Orlando’s creativity in the craft of writing had abandoned him long ago. But since he hadn’t yet done anything wrong, I couldn’t justify sending him to the office without his acceptance.
“Promise me that you’ll behave,” I said to him sternly.
“As long as Casey keeps his big mouth shut and stays away from me, we won’t have a problem. But this ain’t over by a long shot, Mr. Cobbs. My reputation still means something around here.”
“Yes, I’m sure it does,” I responded dispassionately. In the unwritten code of courtship among teenagers, even if Mona Dukes simply appeared enamored with Casey, Orlando had an obligation to defend his territory. Whether I agreed with this brand of adolescent honor or not wasn’t important. If Orlando elected to avoid a confrontation at some point, the students would’ve naturally sided with the aggressor and branded him as a coward. Once such an unsavory label was affixed to you in high school, it stuck better than the strongest glues ever manufactured.
I shifted to the side of the doorway to permit Orlando access into the classroom. A pounding sensation had already returned to my head, and my cheeks crawled with a cold sweat. Orlando must’ve noticed me wobbling a bit, but I managed to catch myself against the door’s frame.
“Hey, you gonna be alright, Mr. Cobbs? You don’t look so hot.”
“I’ll be fine, Orlando,” I sighed. “Now go and wait for me in class. I’ll join you guys in a few minutes.”
“Are you sure?”
I glanced at my watch and answered tellingly, “Oh, absolutely. Just a few minutes, no more or less.”
“Suit yourself.”
Orlando spared me any additional comments and walked into a mostly silent classroom. I expected some commotion as he and Casey exchanged hot glares, but neither boy uttered a word. The other students remained strangely mute, too. At the moment, I didn’t have the stamina to join them. I stood outside my classroom, hugging the door as if it was a long lost relative. It was the only thing keeping me on my feet.
The physical effects of my episodes, although predictable, hadn’t diminished since this morning. Perspiration still dribbled from my temples, and my upper lip quivered as if I had stepped barefooted into two buckets of ice. My heartbeat increased at least twofold as well, and I knew that my body couldn’t withstand much more of this torment. It seemed unlikely that I’d be able to hide my spells from now on. The hallway’s vacancy was no shield from the prying eyes that watched me inside the classroom. Yet I was still completely susceptible to the convolutions within my brain.


Chapter 28

9:44 A.M.


I resumed my solitary excursion beneath a sky quilted with nebulous clouds. Without the sun or a sliver of moonlight to illuminate the skyline, I proceeded across the terrain as clumsily as a sightless man amidst virgin ground. Although my vision was restricted from perceiving any object on the field before me with clarity, my ears offered an alternate source of inspection. Still, it became an arduous task to navigate a foreign terrain in this fashion. I therefore moved with the speed and agility of a salted slug. A sloshing sound under each of my advancing footsteps indicated that I had progressed onto a stretch of marshy earth. I feared that a single miscalculation would’ve resulted in me plummeting into a cavity of indeterminable depth.
Adding to the misery of my march, an unrelenting rainfall softened the soil to even a greater extent, causing me to lurch through tarns of mud that would’ve been otherwise laden with perennial grasses and bracken. In every direction from where I surveyed this patch of land, I gathered that nothing heavier than the weight of a man’s footprints stayed above the surface of vegetation for very long. Little or nothing of value could’ve been cultivated from this soil, and I soon determined that those who ventured here prior to me had forsaken any hope of exploiting its peaty boundaries.
Under conventional circumstances, the rain alone would’ve chilled me into near submission. But I kept heedful of my undetermined quest until the ebony clouds receded and a pallid moonlight permeated the turbulent air. With the deepest shades of darkness at least temporarily highlighted, I noticed the framework of a magnificent mansion shadowing the higher plains. The house’s immense, spire-like formations hinted to the ominous temperament and opulence of its master. The structure’s sharp angles erected like Titans’ spears into the roiling sky.
Perhaps this was the marker on the moors that I was destined to explore. It certainly seemed reasonable that a less imposing force than this moorland awaited me in the domicile’s interior. Before I redirected my progress toward the house, however, I noticed something animated in the foreground. After I adapted my eyesight to the faint moonbeam’s light, I distinguished this figure as another human being, but I couldn’t imagine what type of individual would’ve voluntarily patrolled this region on such a dismal evening.
At the risk of relinquishing my stealth, I trudged closer to the forlorn character in question. The man’s dark waistcoat hung on in broad frame like a lingering shadow. His concentration seemed designated to a province far removed from our current arrangement. From a distance of twenty paces, the man’s disposition was somehow daunting, but this observation had no direct relation to his height. Although I gathered that the subject of my scrutiny was at least as tall as I, it didn’t alter my perception of him either way. The most striking or perhaps gloomiest detail about this fellow was his pensive scowl. It was as wicked and untamed as the landscape in which he served vigil over. Unlike me, he wasn’t vaguely intrigued in the gothic mansion’s presence here. He had a remarkably stoic spirit that I presumed made few concessions to those who fell under his authority.
This man fastened the savagery of night in his deep-set eyes; they gleamed at me dispassionately as I traipsed toward him. Perhaps a tinge of moonlight reflected in his pupils, giving his visage a phantom’s luminous glow. At first, we exchanged no words to one another. Perhaps he was just as mesmerized by my emergence as I was his own. I then stepped within an arm’s reach of the rogue, unafraid of whatever fate awaited me if I dared to reproach our environment. If I had formerly judged him as a do-gooder, the icy pockets of his breath upon my skin quickly reversed any such feelings.
His Romanian face was a portrait of pain and power, withered by the markings of regret, and stained by morose memories. Yet in spite of this detectable bitterness, I also sensed a vulnerable element to his demeanor that somehow salvaged what remained of his humanity. Outside the range of moonbeams, his skin was as sallow as honey. His hair looked like a clump of moistened tar atop his head. By all accounts, he was a man of flawed beauty who examined the heavens with a feverish anticipation of what might’ve awaited him beyond this world.
Few men by their own volition would’ve elected to brave this night’s tumultuous weather. But I suspected my present company’s mysterious reputation haunted this region long before my arrival. A second glance at the steeples jutting from the mansion’s architecture confirmed my whereabouts. I had traversed upon the moors of Yorkshire. By now, the proprietor of both Thrushcross Grange and Wuthering Heights had advanced into middle age. His furrowed brow looked like ravines coursing through a sun-baked canyon. But there something else embedded in his countenance that I almost resisted to acknowledge, as others have done before me.
Heathcliff’s voice was just as menacing as his coal-colored eyes. “What brings you to this property?” His question was pitched closer to a demand, and I had no intention of denying him an explanation, albeit a very predictable one.
“No one other than you, sir,” I replied, “for as long as you are the owner of this estate.”
Heathcliff’s eyes dwelled deeper into both sockets as he glowered at me. “Who do you presume me to be, stranger?”
“There’s only one person I’ve ever heard tell of who walks the moorlands after dusk, sir. Therefore, you must be Mr. Heathcliff.”
“If I am, as you say, the sole person who perambulates these grounds by moonlight, how do you explain your presence here with me now?”
As had become the usual dilemma in my travels thus far, I had no cogent rationale for my appearance. Up until now, I had used several hasty fabrications, and my next one sounded as equally contrived. “I came out here tonight looking for something or someone,” I announced. “I didn’t know you’d be the man I’d find, but I must say that I’m not disappointed to finally meet you.”
Heathcliff ambled closer to me, moving with the nimbleness of a man who analyzed the pitfalls of this terrain like a skilled physician studying the intricacies of human physiology. After he failed to ask me for my name, I introduced myself with a level of humility that almost guaranteed a peaceful intent.
“You’re undoubtedly an intrepid traveler, Mr. Cobbs,” he offered, “or an incredibly misdirected flunky. I’ll grant you with the former observation for the time being. Now, my own curiosity has spurred some trivial thoughts. Why are you interested in me?”

“Well, you are a man of considerable wealth,” I declared, hoping that my subservient tone would’ve satisfied his inquest. “Maybe my designs are purely superficial, but I’ve always wanted to know what motivated you to strive for such excellence in your financial affairs.”
Heathcliff sneered at my response as if I had insulted him directly. I’m certain he had no inclination to consult with me on the tactics of his trade or the precise source of his acquired wealth. “Am I to presume that you ventured out in this storm tonight to explore the contents of my investments?”
“Only the motivations behind them, sir,” I clarified. “It must’ve been an event of great magnitude that encouraged you to secure the deeds of two English manors. We both know this wasn’t always your arrangement.”
Heathcliff might’ve been baffled or enraged by my unsolicited knowledge of his past, but his features remained as impenetrable as the blackest storm clouds churning over Wuthering Heights. If only momentarily, he appeared older to me in his charcoal-colored suit, staring forlornly into the soggy night. Perhaps, like most aging gentleman, he wished for a chance to reclaim his youth. But I of course knew of some other quandaries in his existence that delivered us both to this place and time.
“Mr. Cobbs,” he proceeded with the unsteadiness I anticipated, “you seem to know more than what could be reasonably assumed in regard to my position in society. Since I’m certain we haven’t become acquainted before this occasion, how did you come to know my business so intimately?”
“Your name has been mentioned in towns far beyond Yorkshire,” I proclaimed. “I’d say you’ve become somewhat of a legend.”
“I beg your pardon. What did you refer to me as?”
“A legend, sir. Is that not so?”
Heathcliff was neither accustomed to flattery nor imprudent enough to accept that anyone who knew of his repute would’ve described him in such exalted terms. “Whatever you’ve been told, Mr. Cobbs,” he indicated, “I will say with certainty that I mustn’t be confused with any legends, living or deceased. Contrarily, I’ve acquired a fair share of infamy because of my merciless temperament, and I have no desire to concoct any apologies to contradict that gossip.”
“My apologies, Mr. Heathcliff,” I resumed. “But people from my city—women mostly—have debated your status as a sort of hero. I certainly don’t wish to sound condescending to your ear, sir.”
As Heathcliff puzzled over his Byronic linkage, I watched the rain’s velocity quickening throughout the boggy landscape. A shrill wind almost toppled me on the moors, but Heathcliff stood his ground as if rooted to the earth like an old hickory stump. His hair whipped about his face like a bushel of black vipers. He then peered up at the sky, as if searching for a harbinger of hope through the torrents of rainfall. When his gaze finally returned to find my own, I sensed something livid stirring his pupils like a poisoned mist. He uttered his next words aloud, although not diametrically intended for my consideration.
“Even now, through the cold pockets of wind, I hear her sweet voice summoning me,” he murmured. Through the benefit of my accumulated knowledge, I already knew that this dour man referenced none other than the late Catherine Earnshaw. For him, she was the be all and end all of womankind. He loved her for his entire lifetime, and even beyond her own. Out here, amidst the moor’s seclusion, this tormented master bequeathed his imagination to the haunting semblance of his beloved Catherine, but it was this same obsession that ultimately compelled him to sabotage her life.
When I focused on Heathcliff’s eyes again, they appeared as dreary and fathomless as the most frigid oceans of this Earth. “If what you say in regard to my reputation is true, Mr. Cobbs,” he continued, “then too much prestige has already been attributed to my name. But we shall proceed with other matters presently. Your appointment here must have an alternate function. I demand that you be forthright with me. If you decline my entreaty, I will be forced to carry on in a less than civilized manner.”
“I suppose your eyes have the density to penetrate anything you wish,” I responded. “But, that being said, I hope you don’t look upon me as your foe. After all, it is my contention, sir, that we’re connected at this moment for a reason near to both our hearts.”
“Be direct with me. Let’s not permit our discourse to become as muddled in cloudy secrets as this marshland is with water. What do you want?”
Heathcliff’s voice crept into my conscience with a riveting force that I seldom experienced. But the reason for my visitation wasn’t entirely evident to me now. At this point, I merely attempted to distract him until discovering the precise instance to invade his most fortified contemplations.
“At the risk of insulting your sensibilities, sir, I’ve come to Wuthering Heights to investigate your thoughts about love.”
Heathcliff’s chin jutted toward the sky, angling toward the teeming rainfall like the bough of a ship piercing a tempest. The syllables of Catherine’s name ejaculated from his lips with a guttural sigh. “What do you wish to learn about my Catherine?”
“I know you miss her,” I said. “I also know what it’s like to have the woman I love taken away from me.”
“Then the lady in your life is dead, too?”
“Figuratively speaking, I’m deader to her than she is to me. Yet it puts us in the same quandary either way.”
“In the manner of speaking plainly, Mr. Cobbs, your lover is still alive, is she not?”
“She is,” I replied, but the answer wasn’t so easily supplied by me. “It may be more accurate to say that a part of her is as decayed as any corpse in the ground.”
“I see,” Heathcliff mused. “I empathize with your plight now, and I should’ve presumed as much. Only a man bent to a melancholic end would choose to traverse this moorland after nightfall. As for me, I’ve come in search of spirits. This burden is all that remains for me. My only chance to see Catherine again is in a realm apart from my existence here. Yet you still have a chance to set the course in another direction, Mr. Cobbs. It serves no method for you to lament what you haven’t yet fully lost to a man such as me.”
“But you are a man of opposite extremes,” I told him. “For as ardently as you’ve loved, an impulse for vengefulness has haunted you more doggedly than any ghost.”
The gipsy scoundrel processed my assertion mutely, but his expression remained as hard as if chiseled from a slab of granite. When he turned toward me again, I sensed a demented edge to his voice. “I’m not prepared to deny your accusations,” he murmured. “But I am naturally curious to know why you’ve drawn such rash conclusions in regard to my character.”
“Isn’t the truth etched in your glum face, sir?”
“Do you wish for me to contradict you? In truth, many unfavorable opinions of my behavior subsist, but a liar will never be counted as one of them. I am, as you’ve already declared, a man of tolerable means. And it was through my own diligence and wit that I’ve reversed my status as a ploughboy on this property. Now, you might’ve unthinkingly assumed that such an enhancement in my social status has instigated a jovial temperament from me, but I’ve learned to live in the moonlight, Mr. Cobbs. I tempt myself with emotions better arranged for the blackest and bleakest hours.”
As I already knew, this was a man who primarily existed without remorse. For all the wrong that he had committed, there was nothing in his expression to suggest that he wanted to be pardoned from his actions. Yet, as it had been my obligation since embarking on this quest, I didn’t intend to judge him overtly.
“I only wish to understand the condition of your mind,” I told him. “How does a man burn with such fury for as long as you have?”
“Do you wish to deal in the art of cruelty?” he countered. “Revenge isn’t a trade I’d advise any man to invest in thoroughly, but to deny the intrinsic satisfaction it’s afforded me would be disingenuous. Through painstaking efforts, I’ve constructed my life in such a way to torment those who once shunned me. In essence, the captive has become the captor.”
“And even now, as you walk these shadowed moors, you have no regrets?”
Heathcliff stalled with his response; this time he licked his plump lips as if the rain pelting his face had a flavor worth savoring. Although I at first didn’t accept that any pair of eyes could’ve darkened more than what I already observed in his face, this man proved that the layers of blackness within the human skull were as infinite as space.
“I’m not a repentant man,” he whispered. “Therefore, I cannot say that I’d undo a single deed from my past. Besides, one might argue that there are really few innocents in this world. Perhaps I relished in the mistreatment of Isabella more than what I should have, but she could’ve shown better judgment in her choice to love me.”
If I had any previous misconceptions about Heathcliff’s disposition, he handily dismissed them without pretense. I espied nothing in his persona that resembled remorse. His coldness seemed more apparent to me than the icy dollops of rain upon my flesh. Most unsettling, however, was his ability to manipulate others with his methods, and yet somehow remain unscathed in the process. In my worst moments I never imagined myself to have a capacity to act as maliciously as Heathcliff, but I also couldn’t detest him for his demonic tendencies. Perhaps this night’s spell worked its nefarious ways into my heart as well.
In spite of this maddening hostility, I still detected something pervious leaching from Heathcliff’s eyes, though I wasn’t quite certain how to define it. Was it teardrops forming on both his lashes? Or was it nothing more substantial than the rainwater splashing against his cheeks?
“Even as you walk these moors tonight, sir,” I resumed, “there’s a sense of strife in your gaze that your rugged exterior can’t disguise.”
“Quite true,” muttered Heathcliff. “Let this be known to you, Mr. Cobbs, so that you may one day impart it to others: even wicked men have the capacity to cherish something other than themselves. But I daresay that the vigorous way in which I approached my Catherine has left me in a desolate position. Frankly, I’m bored of the notion of being looked upon as an intolerable sod with no choice in the manner in which I conducted myself. The truth about human nature is far less romantic. We, being products of either poverty or prosperity, always possess the facility to exterminate those who have dismantled our souls.”
Heathcliff had spoken all that he wanted to deliver to me, and he verified his disengagement by turning toward the open land to continue his walk in isolation. Then, like the conundrum that he was and shall always be, the man vanished into the moorland’s soggy blackness. In these solitary seconds, I stood motionless, examining the gray façade of Wuthering Heights, while marveling at the sliver of moon balanced against the ominous clouds like a reaper’s scythe.
I then thought about how little I knew of not only Heathcliff, but also of myself. I now viewed the disconsolate figure lurking across Yorkshire’s moors as an extension of my own misery. After all, his motivations were only partly understood in this wild, wanton world. Couldn’t the same be said of my own? We may all tread on tentative pathways, guarding our beleaguered spirits so bravely and blindly until our minds numbed to the sorrows that feed upon us like crows on carrion.


Chapter 29

9:47 A.M.


On a typical school day I looked forward to instructing my creative writing class more than any other course this year. It seemed that when I was just about to throw my hands up in a fit of apathy, fourth period became my sanctuary. It also reminded me of a few youths under my guidance who still fancied themselves as artists of the written word. Today’s writing activity, however, was already tainted by the pending ruckus between Orlando and Casey. The mere vibration of a potential brouhaha in school set all of the students on the edge of their seats. They waited like bloodthirsty spectators at a gladiators’ competition.
My emergence in the classroom today didn’t provide the ordinary buffer either. By now I must’ve appeared sickly to my class. I felt sweat clinging to my shirt’s fabric, and refrained from walking by any reflective surface that would’ve reminded me of my fatigued condition. Since the kids didn’t comment on my looks, I assumed they already knew that I suffered from more than just the symptoms of a common cold or flu. Despite my obvious disadvantages, I still needed to offer some structure to the students for as long as they remained positioned at their desks.
Any experienced teacher knew that a classroom laden with idle students was like a fuse being lit to an incendiary device. Without work to distract them from one another, the students invariably erupted in a cacophony of uncorked energy. At the moment, my sluggish manner served as a deterrent to any unordinary commotion. I may have even staggered briefly as I hunched into my swivel chair behind the biggest desk in the room. Surprisingly, even Orlando and Casey refrained from scowling at one another long enough for me to take attendance. For the first time in at least a month, I marked no one absent. They must’ve already anticipated a skirmish, otherwise I would’ve had credited my lessons as being the catapult behind such perfect attendance.
Just before any rift in school, no matter how large or small, a certain clamor stirred in the classroom’s air like the odor of an incontinent skunk. Once a single whiff of this sour aroma infiltrated the students’ nostrils, they twitched and wriggled in their seats like caged vermin. At least in this discipline I had the flexibility to tailor my plans to fit the students’ ever-changing habitat. Today, I decided to alter the writing exercise so that it included a theme of friendship. Perhaps this was the proper antidote to subdue the vibe of negativity.
I surveyed fourteen expressions that looked as irritable as nursery of colicky infants. Unlike their normal routine, none of these students chattered across the rows of diagonally arranged desks today. Granted, it took me a bit longer than usual to organize my thoughts and prepare for the rigors of a stimulating lesson. But even during my frailest moments, I was confident enough to trade wits with this lot for forty-four minutes. Of course, my headache, which had progressed to nearly a chronic migraine, created an unnatural delay in my presentation. Under the circumstances, I may have felt entitled to a short reprieve from my duties, but teachers forfeited that luxury once twenty-eight pair of eyes narrowed their gazes directly toward the front of the classroom.
After fewer than twenty seconds of silence, Sierra Clark adjusted her John Lennon Walrus eyeglasses on the bridge of her nose and looked at me quizzically through a pair of round lavender lenses.
“Excuse me, Mr. Cobbs,” she said, elevating more of her elbow than her hand.  “If you’re not feeling too sick, can we get started now? I just bought a new journal and I wanted to break it in.”
Leave it to Sierra to remind me why I decided to become a teacher in the first place. After all, who was I to stop art? In truth, if all my students had Sierra’s enthusiasm for writing, I’d be out of a job. Presently, I still had my own way of doing things. Over the years, I’ve ironically discovered the best lessons in class required the least amount of preparation. This strategy, or lack thereof, might’ve seemed out of sorts to those who read lesson plans as if they were scribed in granite. But as any writer would’ve begrudgingly confessed, the craft often benefited from improvisation. Teaching wasn’t much different in my mind. I attributed any success I had with my less-than-formal plans to a commitment to spontaneity.
With that notion in mind, I approached the whiteboard with a single dry-erase marker in my left hand. I must’ve appeared as unsteady as a high school romance, because the kids’ eyes bobbed and swayed with my gait. My instructions to the students were as such: “Right now, I want you all to turn to the person sitting adjacent to you and try to imagine what the most important thing is in that person’s life. Don’t ask the person any questions right away. Simply open your journals and write a sentence or two describing what you believe he or she values more than anything else.”
To clarify my instructions, I then printed them on the center of the whiteboard with the marker. As I turned away from the class, I heard paper rustling and a few whispered words that were perplexingly common in my classes: ‘Do you got a pen?’ For the record, I used to keep a stockpile of pens in a ceramic cup on my desk, but they disappeared faster than a bucket of ice cubes in a heat wave.
Not so surprisingly, none of my students seemed opposed to writing something about their friends. Even Orlando and Casey temporarily suspended their spiteful glares at one another in order to lend a hand to the task. As they wrote, I positioned myself on my desktop’s corner, posing casually in front of the room as if someone was snapping my photograph for the yearbook. Despite my untroubled façade, I clasped both of my hands firmly on the furniture for support. Nearly four minutes elapsed before the first hand raised like a flag of retreat in the back of the classroom.
Watching Lenore Rivers reluctantly lift her nymph-like fingers for assistance was something I’d been waiting to observe all semester. She was a competent girl in terms of raw academic ability, but about as socially awkward as anybody who I had ever taught. She rarely spoke in a voice above a whisper, and her best effort for any kind of oral participation usually resulted in a series of mumbled monosyllabic answers. Lenore’s shyness certainly wasn’t unique among high school girls, especially for those who hadn’t blossomed as maturely as their female counterparts. As a result, she wore sweaters and slacks two sizes bigger than her petite stature to mask what hadn’t yet developed. I viewed her as a potentially pretty girl who hid behind a straight curtain of unwashed, chestnut-colored hair.
Before Lenore’s inclination to contribute dissolved, I motioned to her. “You had a question, Lenore?” I asked. The rest of the class turned their heads as if they were swivel tops when I called her name aloud. Lenore hesitated to say anything after monitoring the show of attention pivoting toward her. But, since she had a genuine concern in relation to the assignment, she tackled her phobia succinctly.
“What if I don’t have anybody to write about?” she murmured.
The class cackled like a pack of hyenas at Lenore’s expense, but I understood her plight. Since Lenore had acquired few friends, she most likely didn’t feel at ease writing about someone she knew virtually nothing about. The two girls on her immediate left already snubbed her by shifting their desks just out of range of her doleful gaze. This was where I typically earned my money.
“I didn’t necessarily suggest that you had to pick a friend,” I said to Lenore while shifting my tone into neutral. “You can pick anyone in the class to write about—even me.”
Lenore pretended to peruse the room, hoping to ensnare the pitiful expression of someone who sought to do a noble deed. When she was about to give up, Toby Hoffman volunteered. Toby was a chubby, affable kid who had no more talent for writing than Lenore did for being an auctioneer. Although Toby had been known to take his own share of verbal jabs because of his blubbery gut and penchant for candy bars, he never let those critical voices get under his skin. If anybody could’ve ever made obesity look cool, Toby might’ve been my pick.
“She can write about me if she wants,” he offered. Lenore cast a nervous stare in the direction of Toby’s desk. Before this moment, she might’ve never noticed him before. Satisfied with this lone prospect, Lenore then sunk her head down to within three inches of her desktop and began to scribble into her journal. Toby nonchalantly stuffed a chunk of Hershey’s chocolate in his mouth, as if rewarding himself for his chivalrous gesture.
Once that minor pitfall was backfilled, I scanned the room in search of any other potential problems. Seeing none, I resumed the lesson. “Most of you in here probably think you’ve got a pretty good idea about what your classmates value most. It’s only natural that you’d feel that way, of course, considering that you see one another at least for a short time everyday.”
As I uttered these words my attention was drawn to Orlando and Casey. They sat glum-faced three rows apart from one another, and both appeared unnerved by my rather conspicuous attempt to showcase their current spat. Perhaps it wasn’t always wise to intentionally sculpt a lesson around an unresolved circumstance within the classroom, but it kept their interest linked to something productive.
“Who wants to be the first to share what he or she wrote?” My inquiry was greeted by a gaggle of mirthless faces, save for one steadfast student. Sierra just finished writing in her new journal as her hand lifted like a sailboat’s mast. It almost reached the point where she simply called upon herself.
“If no one minds, I’ll go first,” Sierra insisted. What choice did I or the rest of the class really have other than to submissively roll our eyes? Besides, she was going to recite whatever she penned whether I or anyone else protested or not. “I wrote about Barbara Fellows,” she announced. Barbara sat crossed-legged blushing in her gothic-influenced garb, while eyeing her friend as if she expected a precise analysis.
Sierra was reading from her journal now: “Barbara likes extreme punk records, black nail polish, bronze jewelry, and old movies with Jane Fonda. She also has a tattered poster of Duran Duran taped in her locker, and thinks Simon Le Bon had a cute butt when he wore blue jeans.”
The class giggled, or at least the girls in company found Sierra’s lighthearted observations funny. Barbara’s already ruddy cheeks looked suddenly chaffed by a brisk wind. Her natural shade of blush verified the accuracy of those details, and it was an innocuous way to start class. But I was hoping for something more profound.
“Those are all good points,” I commended Sierra. “Judging by Barbara’s reaction, you seem to know your friend fairly well.” I then looked at Barbara and remarked, “Wow—a Duran Duran poster. Really? That’s a band I haven’t listened to since I was in high school myself.”
“Back in primordial times, huh, Mr. Cobbs?” Kirk Jenson quipped from his desk in the first row. He followed it up with another zinger. “You know, Barbara likes that 80’s band ’cause she’s ‘Hungry Like the Wolf” for Simon Le Bon’s butt cheeks.”
“Yes, Kirk, I got the reference. Thank you for that insightful commentary.” Kirk reminded me of Harold Wagner in some ways, particularly with his encyclopedic knowledge of cultural trivia. We could’ve volleyed nonsensical rubbish at one another for hours, but I decided not to let him distract me from my original objective. “Anyway, as I was saying,” I resumed, “Sierra wrote a few perceptive details about Barbara’s interests, but does that writing help us comprehend who Barbara is any better?”
Sierra shot me a stare cold enough to freeze a polar bear in its tracks; it was one that also indicated I had offended her. “Excuse me, Mr. Cobbs,” she piped in critically. “Are you trying to say my writing isn’t interesting?”
“No, I didn’t say that at all, Sierra,” I responded.
“But you implied it.”
“You’re misunderstanding my meaning,” I returned empathetically. “My criticism has nothing to do with how you wrote, but rather why you selected to indicate those particular details about Barbara.”
“You told us to write about what the person values more than anything else,” said Sierra, defending her position like a lioness guarding her cubs. “So that’s what I did.”
Although I was hardly at my best in terms of my ability to elaborate, I attempted to clarify my point. “Most of us instinctually write about things we see or observe through casual dialogue. And, generally speaking, that’s the formula for the majority of fiction written today. So we write about physical characteristics, such as fashion choices, or maybe a few quirky details we pick up visually or by way of conversation.”
“Isn’t that what we’re supposed to do as writers?” Toby questioned.
“In a sense, yes. But I asked you to indicate what you think is the most important value of the person sitting beside you,” I reiterated. “It’s clear we learned some superficial facts about Barbara. She likes punk music, Jane Fonda flicks, Duran Duran, and maybe even an occasional glimpse at Simon Le Bon’s blue jeans.”
“I don’t believe this,” Sierra groaned. “Now you’re saying my writing is superficial?”
“Of course not,” I said, exasperatingly. “But what did the rest of us, as listeners, learn about Barbara’s personality based on what you wrote? Does any of what you mentioned help us understand her core values?”
“You didn’t ask us to describe core values, Mr. Cobbs,” Kirk stated argumentatively. “And for all we know, Barbara might be obsessed with Duran Duran.”
The students began to look at one another as if they were encamped with a room full of strangers. I watched many of their eyes fall upon the work in front of them, and it soon became evident that each of them had followed Sierra’s method of description. Of course I didn’t wish to discourage them with my soft critique, particularly Sierra. Some further embellishment was required.
“We’ve all been taught to read a certain way,” I continued, “and sometimes as readers we fail to explore beneath our shallow observations. But if any of us, including me, are ever going to aspire to be great writers—or maybe even great thinkers—we must learn to examine people and our surroundings inwardly. Does that make sense to anyone in here?”
“It’s never gonna happen,” Kirk complained.
“Well, it certainly won’t come easy,” I said. “But just think how engaging the characters we created for our stories would become if we followed this method. You see, as writers, we can’t afford to think just as a reader does. We have a duty to take our prose to the next plateau.”
Since today marked an occasion where anything seemed conceivable, seeing Lenore’s hand flick up for a second time within five minutes didn’t astonish me as it might’ve if it happened yesterday. “I think I understand what you’re trying to say, Mr. Cobbs,” she said with almost no trace of paranoia. She then folded her journal and placed her pen on its cover. “What you’re asking us to do isn’t easy,” she continued, “because nobody really shows his true self to just anyone.”
“That’s a good point, Lenore,” I agreed. “Very good.”
“Well, I don’t have any secrets,” Sierra declared tersely.
“That’s not what I heard,” said Kirk with a goofy grin.
Another round of tittering teens halted the lesson again, while Kirk appeared inordinately pleased with his juvenile wisecrack. The only boy who wasn’t amused by any of this banter was Orlando. His still glowered across the rows of desks at Casey, who presented himself as jovial as a court jester. After Orlando raised his own hand, I cautiously extended him an opportunity to participate.
“You wanted to add something to this discussion, Orlando?” I called on him.
“Yeah. This is startin’ to make a whole lotta sense, Mr. Cobbs,” he said. Although he addressed me, Orlando’s eyes remained fixated on Casey. “It’s easy to see how one friend can fool another into thinkin’ he’s something he’s not. Some people just can’t be trusted. It’s sort of like puttin’ a rat in charge of the cheese.” Orlando’s blatant insult caused an air of anxiety to sift across the classroom like a sandstorm. Until now, Casey reduced his buffoonery to a minimum, but his comical demeanor siphoned the ire from Orlando’s lungs.
“You think it’s funny screwin’ around with another guy’s girl?” Orlando fumed at Casey. The hostility in his voice jumped with his body from the desk.
Casey shortened his smirk before returning, “Hey, man, I already told you that I never touched Mona.”
From my experience, a teacher had about four seconds to diffuse an explosive exchange of words between two students in this scenario. I sensed that Orlando was about to pounce on his meeker prey, which prompted me to step in between the desks, essentially serving as an imprudent blocker.
“Orlando,” I said, pivoting in his direction first. “I want you to take your seat right now. You need to calm down.”
Orlando displayed no signs of obeying my order. He postured with his chest puffed out and both fists clenched. “I’ll sit down when that creep wipes that ugly grin off his face and admits he’s been messin’ around with my girl.”
My attention then pivoted toward Casey with the speed of a pinball ricocheting off a bumper. Casey relished attention, even if it was of the negative variety. Because of this factor, it became imperative for me to remove one of the boys from the classroom. Since Casey was less confrontational at the moment, I selected him.
“Casey, can you please step out into the hallway with me for a minute?” I asked.
“Why me? I didn’t do nothin’ wrong.”
“I’m not suggesting you did,” I returned. “I just want to speak with you privately. Can you give me a little cooperation?”
Perhaps Casey recognized that my proposal worked to his advantage, considering who waited to dismantle him if he declined. But he couldn’t leave the classroom with a hint of cowardice trailing him out the door. Both of us realized that bruised reputations in high school were harder to recover from than an actual pummeling.
Casey stood up from his desk as huffily as I anticipated and snarled, “Hey, I’m not gonna sit here and be accused of something I didn’t do anyway. So I’m outta here.” While Casey marched toward the door like a vainglorious soldier, I swung my head back in Orlando’s direction.
“You can sit down now,” I told him firmly. “I’m going to handle this.” Orlando looked at me as if I had inhaled too many fumes from my dry-erase marker kit. He already knew that I rarely involved myself at this level in the students’ social dilemmas. Despite his distrust in my commitment to intervene, he reluctantly sat behind his desk, which prompted me to forward him a nod of gratification. Maybe it was part of my job to do what wasn’t specifically outlined in contractual terms.
When I first started my career as a teacher, I worked beside a cantankerous codger who adopted me as his unofficial protégé. By the time I started in the classroom, he had already taught for over thirty-five years behind the same desk. One of the numerous tidbits of knowledge Mr. Ed Brookman conveyed to me related to this very scenario. He pontificated that the primary function of any teacher worth the ink on his certificate was to stomp out combustible temperaments before they caught aflame. In opposition to his logic, I spent the last ten years dodging the smoldering masses. Even Jack from the nursery rhyme never hurdled any candlesticks as quickly or nimbly as I.
Why had I opted to stay aloof for so many years? Was it merely a strategy for self-preservation? Or was I simply indifferent to everything that didn’t touch me directly? I didn’t know the precise reasons for my sudden show of compassion today. Metaphorically speaking, maybe I was just tired of seeing the skinny guy always getting sand kicked on him at the beach. Whatever the reason, the matters of others now mattered to me. I prepared for the calamities with an intrepidness of one who couldn’t be scorched by the flames of interference.
Casey Michaels’s ludicrous behavior most likely created as many problems for him as it alleviated. I certainly encountered my fair share of self-described comedians in my classroom throughout the years. Since Casey excelled at nothing that would’ve profited him recognition among the students outside his boisterous personality, he resorted to a pseudo-comic routine that was about as humorous as a malignant tumor on most occasions. He was a gangly boy, with feet wide enough to wear a circus clown’s ballooned shoes. I found him profoundly irritating at times, but otherwise harmless.
A few seconds after Casey exited the classroom, I greeted him in the hallway. He still brandished a crooked-tooth smirk from an equally lopsided mouth. Maybe he wanted to appear unaffected by Orlando’s accusation, and this crocodile smile was the only visible device he managed to conjure in his expression. In any event, what Casey viewed as an asset against assault was not working efficiently. He was nearly close to becoming the punch line to a bad joke.
“I think you know why I called you out here,” I said to him.
“Hey, Mr. Cobbs,” Casey tittered, “it’s not my problem. I don’t even know what the hell Orlando is talkin’ about. I never touched Mona Dukes.”
I looked more closely into the boy’s brown eyes; they seemed as bland as baked mud. But because I had routinely inspected the flickering eyes of liars for so many years, I immediately discerned that Casey believed he was being treated unfairly.
“You don’t need to convince me of anything,” I said. “I believe you.”
Casey’s smile disappeared, almost stunned by my quick acceptance. “You know, I thought Orlando and I were pretty tight. We always hang out together. I just don’t get it.”
“I’m sure he’s as confused as you are, Casey.”
“Well, I can’t do nothin’ about it now, Mr. Cobbs. Once Orlando gets something stuck in his head, he’ll be the last one to admit that he’s wrong.”
“It’s likely that neither of us will change his mind, so we have to resort to another strategy.” I then pulled forth a small pad of pre-printed hallway passes from my pant’s pocket, along with a ballpoint pen. I scribbled Casey’s name and my signature hastily on the slip and handed it to him.
“What’s this for?” Casey asked. His insipidity never ceased to amaze me.
“It’s a free ticket to the library,” I responded. “That’s where I want you to go for the remainder of this period. Can you please do that for me?”
“What the heck am I gonna do there?”
“Here’s a novel idea: try reading a book.”
“Cut me some slack, will you?”
Casey was right. Maybe I was a bit too snide with my previous comment. “Listen,” I said more contritely, “I’m not picking on you, but you and Orlando can’t be in the same classroom together right now. He needs some time to cool off.” Casey might’ve played the fool in school, but he wasn’t entirely thickheaded. He stuffed the pass in his skinny jean’s front pocket and looked down at the floor.
“So what are you gonna do about Orlando?”
“I don’t know yet. I’ll deal with him in time if that’s what I need to do. The important thing to remember right now is that neither of you boys is in any trouble. I’d like to keep it that way.”
Casey’s compliance eased the tension surging inside me once again, but I still confronted a spell of lightheadedness that caused me to stumble back into the classroom’s door. Casey’s discontentment softened when he noticed that I had potentially serious issues with my health to contend with.
“You really do look sick today, Mr. Cobbs,” he mentioned. “Maybe you should go home and crash.”
I managed to compose myself by massaging my index fingers against the sides of my temples for several seconds. I knew another episode was not far away from overtaking me again, and I had no remedy to halt its progression. My sole objective now was to get Casey away from me before he witnessed more than what I felt inclined to clarify.
“Just go to the library, Casey,” I insisted. “This whole thing should blow over by tomorrow.”
“Whatever,” Casey mumbled. “But can I ask you something before I leave?”
“If you must.”
“Why do you care if Orlando and I get into a fight? You never paid attention to any of our business in the past.”
“Maybe I’ve kept my eyes closed for too long,” I uttered despondently. “But when I woke up this morning listening to the loons on Lake Endelman, I had an odd feeling that everything was going to be different today. I don’t yet know if these changes are good or bad, but the transformation has already started.”
Casey didn’t even attempt to enunciate a response to my statement. Instead, he deemed it wiser to scamper off into the hallway, effectively removing himself from any responsibility of what happened to me next. By the time he turned the corner in the corridor, I detected a dull ringing sensation building within my brain, but it was coupled with another external sound. The chime of my cell-phone indicated that I had an incoming text message. I fumbled through my pockets, first discovering the loonie I placed there every morning, and finally retrieving my phone from the last pocket I checked. I fully expected my wife to respond to the message I left her earlier. In this case, my foresight proved correct. Rachel requested that we should meet in the school’s parking lot at 11:15 A.M, during my lunch period. Because she had never before suggested such a conference with me at school, I assumed my note pinched the intended nerve.
My reflexive intention was to confirm this appointment upon receiving it, but an oncoming spell had other designs for me. In order to avoid any further explanation to my students in regard to my health, I made sure I positioned myself against a string of lockers outside the view from within my classroom. Rachel and my students would have to stew for at least three minutes longer while I settled into yet another intermission from reality.


Chapter 30

9:58 A.M.


Perhaps no other environment I had thus far visited in my travels appeared as thoroughly majestic as the one I now strode upon. The mountainous region in front of me sprouted from the earth like pyramids suffused in a lavender sheen. I whittled a path through this pristine landscape, bounding over tree roots as thick as felled timber. A canopy of deciduous trees blazed with autumnal fire, igniting the interior thickets more splendidly than an artist’s rendition. White birch and pine trees competed for space on inclines, foraging a pathway to deeper pockets of unblemished vegetation. A fragrance of evergreen and sweet maple perfumed the air, making every step into the clusters of underbrush a pure delight to my senses. 
During my progression, this foliage became so dense that I had to squeeze between the brambly arms of wooded plants and witch hazel. Before long, the earth’s craggy recesses blocked even the widest wedges of sunlight. But farther along in my expedition, the forest opened to glens encrusted with a network of wild grapevines. Far beneath my footsteps, in a gorge glistening with sapphire hues, a serpentine strip of water cascaded between the valleys like a silver locomotive. I then came upon another body of foaming water within ten paces from the first evidence of a river. This portion of land was strewn with boulders of various sizes and shapes. If I wanted to continue my journey forward, I had to crisscross these stones like a bullfrog leaping onto lily pads. Although I slid and stumbled over these slick surfaces, I managed to succeed in each subsequent jump.
Halfway through this challenge, I paused and listened to a family of unseen birds twittering in unison alongside the waterway’s natural rhythm. I sensed a tranquility surging within me that was as refreshing as spring sunlight. Before I resumed my course, a murder of crows flitted from the wood’s canvas. I then turned in my stance to witness that I hadn’t been the sole dweller in this rustic realm.
Another man emerged on the same portion of stones that I trod upon. He stood, or rather slumped, on a boulder at the center of this ravine. His garb was of another time, but this didn’t startle me at this stage in my passage. The breeches he sported looked tattered and smudged with earthy hues. At times, when the sunlight angled directly upon his apple-shaped frame, he blended into the surroundings as stealthily as a chameleon. The man’s beard unfurled across a rotund belly, coiled and frayed to a shade duplicating the rocks he pounced over with the agility of a one-legged grasshopper. I imagined that this matted cyclone of hair served as a symbol of this fellow’s general malaise. I couldn’t yet define his facial features, but his grizzled beard hinted to a ripened age, although perhaps not nearly as ancient as his attire.
As I hiked closer, I noticed him toting a rusted firelock from America’s pre-revolutionary days. I showed no evidence of fear at this observation, for the crumbling fowling piece was better suited for a museum rather than a wilderness outing. If he even managed to aim the relic’s worm-eaten stock in my direction it would’ve most likely disintegrated in his grasp. Besides, this oldster was more inclined to lending his time to whistling for a lost companion than exerting any energy to discover the motivations of my company.
The codger’s call proved piercing enough to rouse a few partridges and squirrels from the brushwood, but produced no such creature to allay his confusion. “Wolf!” he hollered. “C’mon ol’ boy, where have you run off to now?” He was so purposeful in his quest to reclaim his friend that he seemed oblivious to my advance across the rocks. After a moment of reflection, I determined the whereabouts of my present location. I now plodded between the sylvan passageways slightly apart from Appalachian trails. More particularly, I rambled in the shadow of the Kaatskills’ violet plateaus. And the river that unfurled like a flood of mercury through a cavernous canyon could have only merited its distinctiveness from its discoverer, Henry Hudson.
If these observations were precise, then the doddering man in front of me was none other than the well-rested Rip Van Winkle. Here was a fellow who epitomized the aloof temperament of a commonly kept man. This forest had become his refuge from the shrill sound of reality, and men of a similar station and ilk envied him from across the centuries. He stared quizzically at me, while adjusting his sugarloaf hat so that its floppy brim hid his eyes from the sun’s intermittent rays. Rip’s faithful canine, however, would not answer his master’s call. As loyal as any dog might’ve been lauded, and Wolf certainly earned such an accolade, twenty years was far too long for any animal to wait for its owner to awaken from a nap.
As it was with all my previous visitations, our initial encounter caused a bit of awkwardness to unreel between us. Rip smudged his eyeballs with the palms of his fists, almost as if trying to pry the flecks of sleep crusted in the corners of his eyes. Perhaps he rated me as nothing more permanent than a premonition from the liquor he quaffed on the previous night. But the flagon he imbibed from had no relevance to my ability to observe him. When the silence became too distracting for either of us, I announced my name for his consideration.
Rip’s natural disposition, of course, was exceedingly too mellow for him to even bother grappling with the rusted firelock. Upon hearing my name, he simply stroked at his whiskers as if delayed by a philosophical notion. “You at yonder,” he finally called forth. “Did you say your name was Cobbs?”
“I did,” was my reply.
Rip then maneuvered his fingers up to his nose and scratched it as if he had developed a scent for itinerant characters schlepping through this wooded sanctuary. But my demeanor provided the oldster with no evidence of hostility; if anything, I might’ve appeared as equally perplexed in his judgment.
“How long have you been wandering about these hills?” Rip questioned. Despite his present quandary, his voice still sounded as innocuous as a dove’s coo.
“I just arrived a short time ago,” I announced.
Rip furrowed his brow, and his bushy eyebrows narrowed to a single pelt of gray hair. If I didn’t know otherwise, I might’ve presumed a ferret scurried from beneath his hat and settled atop his forehead. His inquisitive glare held no trace of malice, however, and so I felt at ease with our present conversation.
“Did you happen to see my poor Wolf during your jaunt? He seems to have abandoned the hand that feeds him.”
It would’ve pained me to inform old Rip that his devoted dog had most likely vanished from this region many years before he awakened from his protracted snooze. In this instance it was simply easier to respond by shaking my head from east to west. This gesture satisfied him briefly, but several peculiarities in regard to my appearance caused his mind to overflow with assumptions as if a levy gave way within his brain.
“You have no whiskers,” he observed. “Therefore, it is unlikely that you’re acquainted with the crew of gentlemen from the previous night. But for my own contentment, have you ever guzzled purple liquor from a flagon or sported with ninepin?”
“I haven’t, sir,” I responded.
If Rip interpreted my concise statements as disingenuous, he lacked the proper countenance to display it. I hardly managed to contain my amusement as he clasped his hands on either side of his head and acted as though he might’ve popped his noggin from his own shoulders if he had the vigor to do so.
“In the past I’ve taken my fair portion of drafts from flagons,” he confessed, “but I have nothing to compare to my latest binge. It seems as though I’ve slept through an entire evening and sunrise. How will I ever explain my tardiness to Dame Van Winkle?”
I understood and pitied Rip’s predicament. After all, in all his years of marriage to his tyrannical wife, he never managed to pacify the contempt she unleashed upon him. In order to alleviate his concern, I almost felt compelled to explain that he’d never have to cower in the presence of her furious tirades again. But, as a matter of principal to my earlier pledge, I couldn’t alter the circumstances of Rip’s journey to satisfy my yearnings. Instead, I offered him empathy for the situation that resulted in his retreat from the village.
“I’m guessing every man who travels through these thickets has someone waiting for him at home that he’d rather not confront,” I said solemnly.
“As true as that fact may be,” Rip added, “let it be known, now and forever, that no Dutchman alive or dead has ambled as much as I along these foothills.” For his pure amusement and perhaps mine, Rip performed a little jig atop the stone where he stood. But even this minor show of animation almost caused the unbalanced man to plunge headlong into the spring water percolating beside the rocks. After he saved himself from this blunder, we both laughed hardily at his silliness. Rip’s buoyant mood only endured a few seconds longer before a more tenuous matter strained his expression.
“One thing I do know,” Rip insisted, “if Dame keeps to her habit of hurling dishes in my direction, then we’ll be eating our victuals from our laps before autumn’s end.”
“May I ask you something, sir, and I hope you’re not offended by the question?” I said. “You seem to know who you are and have settled into customs that provide a degree of happiness, at least for yourself. But, because of your lackadaisical habits, your wife is as prickly as a sewing needle in your backside, and let’s you know it by whatever means necessary. If this is an accurate description of your marriage, as we know it is, why do you keep going back to her for more punishment?”
Rip pondered my inquiry with as much consideration as he ever lent to any plight. He then shrugged his rounded shoulders and rolled his eyes as he had demonstrated a thousand times before my arrival. His ocher-colored eyes suddenly looked as hollow as the deepest chasm within the Kaatskill’s crevices. He required a few seconds to formulate some plausibility to his actions.
“I have no excuse to explain my routine other than to note that all the married men I have ever met survive under similar ordinances from their wives. But I will also admit that the termagant inhabiting my home has no competitor to her callousness.”
“Can this be the truth?” I thought aloud, nearly gasping at the prospect that every man had the tolerance and aloof temperament of Rip Van Winkle. My curiosity lured me further into this line of chatter. “Are the married fellows in your village all obedient to their wives’ whims?” I asked next.
Rip stalled before responding so that he appeared to deliberate my concern. “I can’t declare that they all obey,” he finally stated, “but I will say that they’re all expected to. On the upside, our town’s patriarch, Nicholas Veddar, has claimed that those who remain diligent to their wives’ demands escape the pitch of banshee screams on rare occasions. But, alas, I’ve never been inclined to flourish like the weeds that some say occupy my farmland.”
“Then you readily admit that you’re a lazy man?”
“In fairness, I’ve exhausted a goodly number of excuses when trading a day’s wage for a hook and string. But I never expected that my idleness would have such a dismal effect on the feminine kind.”
“Do you think you tolerate your wife’s ridicule because you’ve earned her wraith?”
“It’s likely Dame Van Winkle wouldn’t argue with such logic,” Rip chuckled. He then looked at me more critically and said, “I’m ready to presume that you’re not a man of connubial status.”
“Really? I didn’t wish to come across that way,” I said. “As a matter of fact, I’ve been married for the better part of two decades.”
“Earnestly? And you still refuse to relinquish the button on your breeches?”
“Until recently, I believed I had an equal partnership with my wife.”
Rip let an uproarious laugh fly from his tongue that soared as majestically as the eagle spiraling above us. His cackle’s reverberation scattered the crows congregating in the trees beside us, too. Henry Hudson and his Half-moon crew couldn’t have hurled a bowling ball through this valley with a more deafening clangor.
“I can’t attest to know your business more than a trifle, Cobbs,” said Rip. “But if you believe the bunk you’ve just spouted, then I’d say you had swilled an amount of liquor from the keg bearer’s flagon that heartily surpassed my own.”
“What I mean, sir, is that my wife and I normally share all the major decisions.”
“It’s convenient that you think as much,” Rip countered. “But since you now occupy the same space as I, it’s more than probable that you’re no closer to getting out of the woods here than you are at home.”
Rip’s trite status as a henpecked husband hadn’t quieted his formidable wit. But I presumed that many of the gentlemen who frequented taverns and strayed too far from the porches to which they were psychologically tethered spoke just as courageously when not within earshot of their wives’ yoke. As for me, I didn’t yet see the relevance of my connection to the oldster until we sat side-by-side on a flat precipice overlooking the mighty Hudson. With the river’s vibrations churning beneath us, my consternation became more apparent.
“Why are you here, Cobbs?” Rip asked me plainly.
“I’m not sure. Maybe I’ve come to discover the reasons why I’ve failed to secure my wife’s interest in me.”
“Why do you set such lofty expectations upon yourself?”
“Shouldn’t every man?”
A mischievous twinkle flared in the center of Rip’s eyes as he tilted his head up toward the azure sky. It then occurred to me that he wasn’t just a simpleton who slept away the last twenty years of his life.
“Does your wife see you as a provider?” he asked pointedly.
“Well, to some degree, I believe she does. Again, I think we’re equally prepared to support one another.”
“Very well,” Rip huffed, “let semantics conceal the point.”
“I’m being as clear as possible,” I returned. “My wife and I always worked together to achieve our goals.”
“It’s more than the physical restrictions of height that disallows men and women to look at one another in the eyes evenly. Between the puffs of his tobacco pipe, Nicholas Veddar once conveyed to me that a man must never use his physical advantages to expose his wife’s frailties. But, as I will heartily vouch, there is no social penalty for a woman’s mistreatment of her husband.”
“We’re not from the same village,” I said. “In my town, the relations between men and women are much different.”
“Then your men folk must all have fresh consciences when relaying your shortcomings.”
“Well, we still don’t like to admit to those,” I conceded.
“Ay, sir, but be assured that your wife does not resist the instinct to transfer them, if not directly to your face, then to a neighbor across the way.”
“What are you trying to tell me, Rip?”
“Just because your wife doesn’t mention her unhappiness to you doesn’t mean that she refrains from telling everyone else.”
“Well, how do you explain your own situation?”
“Me? I’m rather fortunate,” he replied with conviction.
“But your wife belittles you on a daily basis. How does that make you feel lucky?”
“Since Dame Van Winkle can be nothing but a villainous shrew, I take no blame or responsibility in the formation of her character. Because she’s an eternally disgruntled woman, I don’t burn my lamp oil trying to allay her true nature. So you see, Cobbs, living beside a terrain such as this has its peaks and perks. In fact, had I not experienced random urges to eat and make merry with my neighbors, I might never find cause to abandon this woodland.”
Despite the undercurrents of selfishness saturating Rip’s tone, his deliverance from society’s expectations was as rejuvenating as the crisp mountain water. After examining my own habits more attentively, I recognized the similarities that brought us together. Rip found his refuge while reclined on a grassy knoll, while my own safe haven existed alongside Lake Endelman’s bucolic backdrop.
“If given the chance,” I asked, “would you be perfectly content to give up everything and start anew?”
Rip winced fretfully as if he swallowed a saucer full of moonshine. He then said, “If I wasn’t bound to make the same mistakes twice over again I’d probably want another crack at it.”
“Even if it meant you had to forget all the people currently connected to you?”
“I’d keep my children as they are, especially my daughter, Judith, and Wolf has always provided me with good company. I might even preserve my acquaintances with Brom Dutcher and the schoolmaster Van Bummel.”
“And what about your wife—the mother of your children?”
Rip became silent for a moment as he combed his fingers through the matted clumps in his beard. He then shrugged his shoulders like an insipid child and bowed his chin as if stricken by an epiphany.
“Does it make me a malicious buzzard if I wished to rid myself of Dame Van Winkle for the rest of my living years?” His eyes then scanned the heavens again, concentrating on the sole eagle in flight. “Some of us fly better in solitude,” he mused. “But as it is in any bird’s nature, it’s much harder to flee a nest when the worms come looking for you.”
“I don’t believe any man really wants to be alone,” I stated emphatically.
“Perhaps not, Cobbs, but every man requires a spell of shuteye beneath a shade tree now and then. The fellows in town say the years pass us by too quickly, but I say that they’re all not really worth remembering anyway.”
Who was I to argue with a man who didn’t yet know how close he was to living his own wish? Had we a flagon to sip from, Rip and I might’ve lolled atop the forest’s interior for the remainder of this fine day, while trading enough yarns to make all the knitters in New York envious of our exchange. It dawned upon me that Rip Van Winkle never pretended to be anything more or less than what he openly revealed to others. Perhaps he was at peace with his reputation as a loafer, and served as a symbol to all the disenchanted dreamers who followed no conventional direction in life.
Too many of my own years were squandered on someone else’s definition of success. Certainly, I neglected an essential part of my imagination that fueled creativity. I wondered how many of the people I knew had unwittingly permitted twenty years to slip invisibly through their hands. Were they truly content to know that the next day in their lives would’ve likely unwound just as the one before it? How many Rip Van Winkles wandered the boulevards and byways of small towns? I was almost too afraid to deliberate the answer.
I watched Rip hobble down from the rocks toward his village on this morning to rediscover his past and future, realizing that sometimes the peal of thunder echoing in the distant hills was indeed a game of ninepin. But it was also a sort of remote heartbeat beckoning weary souls to the unmarked trails leading to a second chance at life’s simpler moments.




Chapter 31

10:01 A.M.


When I returned to the classroom, my students’ eyes tracked me as if I had a funny sign posted to my back. The difference in this case, of course, was that no one had an urge to ridicule me. Even Orlando managed to withhold an untimely outburst, although I sensed his bottom lip quivering like a censored reflex. At the moment, I had no stamina to resume with my earlier discussion. Situations like this called for a free-writing exercise, and I hoped the kids at least tolerated the change of pace. This wasn’t the first time in recent weeks where I suspended direct instruction for what the kids invariably referred to as “busy work.” But since this was a class designed around the writing process, my plan wasn’t entirely out of the ordinary.
Because my legs still trembled in the aftermath of my latest episode, I immediately sought refuge behind my desk in the chair. Inevitably, a few students refused to write without a specific task in mind. By example, Orlando typically neglected to finish an assignment unless I intended to verify his contribution with a grade. But in this course specifically, I often wanted the students’ motivation to come from intrinsic sources, and any promised external reward automatically removed that impetus.
“What do we got to write about, Mr. Cobbs?” Orlando asked, but his tone suggested that he had no interest in truly understanding my methods.
“It’s called a free-write, dummy,” Sierra whispered in Orlando’s general direction. I offered an alternative explanation that was far less berating to the boy’s ears.
“The whole idea is that you pick the topic, Orlando,” I said. “My only guideline is that you write at least one page by the end of the period.”
Orlando tapped the dull point of his pencil on the desktop with the rapidity of a jackhammer before saying, “I get it. This is another assignment that you’re not going to grade, right, Mr. Cobbs?”
“It’s not about the grade all the time, Orlando,” I replied.
“Maybe to you it isn’t,” Orlando countered, “but we don’t have any other reason to do this stuff.” I tried to ignore the repetitiveness of Orlando’s obnoxious habit with his pencil, but my headache only intensified as I sat and watched him. “If you ain’t gonna even bother grading what I write, I might as well sit here and do nothin’,” he continued. To emphasize his defiance, he slapped his pencil down and pushed his journal to one side of the desktop.
When I was a much younger and greener teacher, I might’ve reprimanded Orlando’s insubordination. But too much time had elapsed for me to become ensnared by the bait he cast under my nose. I certainly didn’t intend on becoming the worm wriggling on the end of his hook. Therefore, I simply shrugged my shoulders and remained unresponsive to the matter. Sometimes silence was more deafening to a rabble-rouser’s ears than an outright shouting match. I sensed Orlando squirming in his seat as the other students donned their creative caps and started to write.
After several minutes passed, it became obvious to everyone in the room that Orlando was the only student not in compliance with my instructions. Kids generally loathed situations where they felt isolated, and Orlando naturally tried to persuade others to participate in his protest. Once he failed to lure any potential rebels to his side, he set out on a kamikaze mission to sabotage the lesson.
“This whole class is stupid,” he blurted out. “Whoever heard of doing schoolwork and not getting a grade for it?” I don’t know if Orlando expected an answer to his rhetorical question, but I was well equipped to give him one.
“The point of writing creatively,” I explained, “is that you learn to hone your skills because of a genuine love for the process. By removing the pressure and incentive of a grade, I know that my students are writing for the experience rather than the obligation.”
Orlando wasn’t easily convinced, and I anticipated this from someone who was already infuriated by a different situation entirely. “I still ain’t doin’ it unless you put a grade on it,” he griped.
“That’s your choice,” I told him. “I’m not going to force you to do something you don’t want to.” I then shifted Orlando’s attention on his classmates, who appeared somewhat engaged in their own writing. “Look, the rest of the class doesn’t seem to be having a problem.”
“Big deal,” Orlando muttered. “They’re like trained seals.”
“Why don’t you try picking up your pencil for a few minutes and see what you come up with? You might even surprise yourself,” I suggested.
Orlando looked somewhat amused by my proposition as he clutched his pencil in his hands and deliberately dropped it onto the floor in the middle of the aisle. A few students near him giggled, but Lenore failed to find any humor in his behavior. In an unprecedented outburst, she let her feelings fly forth like an arrow straight into Orlando’s face.
“Just stop acting like an idiot and do the work,” Lenore chided him. “Why do you have to make a big deal about it every time Mr. Cobbs gives us an assignment?”
An eerie hush suddenly enveloped the classroom, and my amazement with Lenore’s outspokenness loomed larger now. The fact that this normally introverted girl had already voiced her opinions earlier in the period still astonished me. Orlando’s mouth hung open like a broken drawer as he pivoted in his desk to confront his unlikely assailant. To her credit, Lenore didn’t attempt to hide her face, but instead stared back at him without flinching.
“Did you say something?” Orlando asked glibly. Lenore nodded her head a single time and adjusted the sleeves on her sweater. Of course Orlando couldn’t let his rebuke from another student go unchallenged, even if it came from a waif-like girl who had no ability to harm him. “Why don’t you just keep your mouth zipped like you always do?”
“I’m just trying to do my work,” said Lenore in response. “I can’t concentrate if you keep complaining.”
“Hey, I’m not complaining,” he said. “But even if I was, it shouldn’t matter to you. Look at it this way, I don’t go shouting you out in class every time I notice a new cigarette burn on your arms.”
This accusation induced several distressed sighs from the students, while simultaneously causing Lenore to yank her sweater’s sleeves over her wrists. I knew nothing of Lenore’s history in this regard, but I couldn’t pretend that I hadn’t noticed her decision to avoid wearing short-sleeved shirts in class regardless of the room’s temperature. My primary concern now, however, was to address Orlando’s rather insensitive remark.
“I don’t think that’s very funny, Orlando,” I scolded him. “And neither does the rest of the class.”
“Good, Mr. Cobbs,” he retaliated, “’cause I ain’t trying to be funny. Just tell Lenore to roll up her sleeves if you don’t believe me. She’s got more burn marks on her arms than a paper ashtray.”
“Just cut the crap, Orlando,” Sierra vehemently interjected.
“Yo, Sierra, why don’t you go stick your head in an oven like that creepy poet you’re always telling us about,” Orlando barked back at her.
“You’re such an asshole, Orlando,” Sierra returned. “If I was Mona, I would cheat on you, too.”
“Cut it out,” Kirk intervened, while turning directly toward Orlando. “Everyone just please stop the bickering.”
“Hey, I don’t know why everyone is jumping down my throat,” said Orlando, shrugging his shoulders ingenuously. He then pointed in Lenore’s direction and affirmed, “She’s the one who started with me.”
My students had come to recognize that I rarely lost my patience with insolent kids, or at least that’s what I projected to them whenever possible. In truth, I had a varied range of emotions that sometimes overwhelmed my actions. Once inside the classroom, however, I learned to channel my frustrations in other ways, which often caused me to appear aloof from an onlooker’s perspective. In this case, I sensed the students’ eyes once again fixating on me for a remedy. I sometimes wondered what the educational gurus would’ve theorized in a real-life situation such as this. Since I didn’t have time to enact any high-minded pedagogy, I resorted to a strategy that worked for my father for nearly thirty years.
“Orlando, if you don’t shut your mouth this instant, you’re going to rue the day that you came into this world.”
At least my remark prompted the class to come to an abrupt standstill. To suggest that it was quiet would’ve been a flagrant mockery of my effectiveness. Had a bird flown into my classroom at this moment, we could’ve all distinguished the sound of its feathers fluttering to the floor. Still, despite my brief victory, I knew that the situation hadn’t been quelled entirely. Orlando leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms in a posture that foreshadowed his enmity.
“You know, Mr. Cobbs,” he fumed, “I don’t like it when teachers play favorites. I never pegged you as being that way, but I’ve been wrong about a lot of people lately.”
“This isn’t about my favorites, Orlando. The way I see it, you’re the only one in here refusing to do the assignment. I gave you an option to leave at the beginning of class, but you chose to stay. So why not use the time productively?”
“Hey, I got bad news for you,” he snickered. “The only reason I signed up for this dumb course was because all the other easy classes were filled. So I sort of got stuck in here with you, just like a lot of us.”
“If you want to make this a personal issue,” I returned, “why don’t you stick around after class and we can discuss why you become so angry every time someone asks you to do anything.”
“I ain’t like this in my other classes,” he insisted. “Ask anybody. I got no problems in math, science, and even history. It’s just your class that I don’t do nothin’.”
“So now your substandard work ethic is my fault?”
“Just forget it, Mr. Cobbs. You’ll get all huffy if I tell you what I really think.”
“Try me.”
Orlando narrowed his eyes as if squinting into intense sunlight. He looked as though he was holding back a bit, but suddenly found the courage to spew his venom like a vexed cobra. “I don’t think you really spend much time reading the stuff we write anyway. So if you’re not gonna read it, why should we write it?”
“You really think I don’t read any of your papers?”
“Yeah,” he muttered, “and I’m not the only one who says so either.”
I glanced at the other students, who lowered their heads sheepishly and scrawled lines of phantom prose into their journals. In a moment of awkwardness I uttered to the class, “I’m sorry if any of you feel that way. But I really do read all of your writing.”
A trace of despondency must’ve been evident in my voice. “Don’t listen to him, Mr. Cobbs,” said Lenore. “We all don’t think like Orlando.” I nodded submissively and bowed my head as if I had some business to attend to on my desktop. Even with our gazes temporarily disconnected, I sensed Orlando still watching me with a self-satisfied expression. I couldn’t summon the energy to further refute his statement, and a part of my conscience may have even felt he wasn’t entirely inaccurate. I remembered a time many years ago when I spent hours every night pining over my students’ work. Was it even fair for me to expect their best effort when I no longer demanded the same rigor for myself?
Before the period ended, I informed the class to complete their writing assignment for homework. At this point, if anyone was still listening to me, they did so in quiet resentment rather than respect. I gathered that they were disappointed by my unwillingness or inability to neutralize Orlando’s assertion. As much as I once strove to project an aura of infallibility to those who sat before me, I now realized the futility of this façade. I had grown weary of posturing as a saint, and increasingly fed up with feigning my amazement in regard to student mediocrity. A climate of apathy was always present in the halls of Ravendale High School, lingering in the hot zones like a pandemic. There wasn’t any immunity to a contagion such as this. Teachers, administrators, clerical personnel, and security staff were all subjected to the viral effects of impassiveness. It was only a matter of time before this disease incubated into venues of reality.


Chapter 32

10:25 A.M.


When I first entered the teaching profession nearly twenty years ago, I still harbored misconceptions about the thoroughness of a high school’s operations. As I suspected it was with most outsiders, I assumed that every minute of each day was meticulously scheduled for the students’ academic benefit. I soon discovered, however, that high schools invariably had pockets of unproductively woven into the frayed fabric of their routine. Of course, it was uncouth and unprofessional for upstarts to verbalize a complaint against the system, so if a fledgling teacher had aspirations of maintaining employment within any district, he learned to swallow his unsolicited opinions like a potage of molten lava.
A fifth period study hall located in the high school’s auditorium served as the antithesis to its namesake. In my estimation, corralling fifty-five students into an undersized theatre for over forty minutes a day five times a week was a concoction bound to beget boredom. A crucial problem, apart from the incessant chatter echoing off the ceiling, was that not even the ambitious students had enough room to work comfortably on their homework. If anything academic was done at all, it usually occurred across folded knees in between rounds of social interplay. As the teacher in charge, my main duty entailed keeping the restless inhabitants relatively contained. This futile task, as those who had attempted it would’ve vouched, registered as about as much fun as being administered a colonoscopy from a blind proctologist.
As I turned into the corridor leading toward the auditorium, another unsettling vision besieged my eyes. Apparently, Regan Cordell hadn’t neglected to inform Drew Mincer that I wanted to speak to him. Honestly, because of this morning’s other calamities, I had almost forgotten about the circumstance involving Stanley Glacer. However, it didn’t require me more than a few seconds to remember why I avoided Drew like a virulent disease. A single glance at his smug face almost impelled me to slap some common decency into his head with the backside of my hand. Teachers often jested about a reinstitution of corporal punishment. In most instances, we were merely venting, but I’m betting that the lawmakers who abolished this type of discipline never encountered the brash and defiant demeanor of anyone quite like Drew.
I once fooled myself into believing that Drew’s propensity for abusiveness was uncommon. Yet those familiar with such conduct realized that his bullying wasn’t anymore of an anomaly than teenage indolence or acne. In truth, this form of territorial control existed in all segments of society, and perhaps extended into personal relationships as well. A bid for dominance always surfaced when people were forced or compelled to spend time with those they perceived as inferior.
Drew pushed bullying to another tier of detestability because he seemed mindlessly invigorated by his aggression. Over the past few years, a gaggle of dull-witted administrators and consolers labored to dissect Drew’s social deficiencies, but their misguided reports were as fruitless as a withered pear tree. Nothing from their research substantiated Drew’s penchant for pummeling his meek-minded prey. From what I learned, his parents were still contently married, and they lived in a middleclass neighborhood on the outskirts of Ravendale Heights. Without any domestic disharmony or impoverishment to use as a crutch to hobble through life, Drew’s own habits came under scrutiny. But as far as I knew, he had no history with drug addiction, and typically scored higher on tests than most of the other students.
My own theory on Drew’s malicious nature was far less forgiving, although it humbled the pseudo-intellects who felt obligated to affix a label of victimization to explicate his behavior. As unorthodox as my explanation seemed to them, it couldn’t be refuted. I hypothesized that some individuals, with Drew serving as a prime example, were simply loathsome human beings. I had an inclination that Drew was wired from birth to inflict psychological and physical wounds on those who strayed within range of his toxic disposition.
From my perspective, this morning’s events revealed no improvement in Drew’s volatile temperament. He leaned his six-foot stature casually against a brick veneer column outside the auditorium. As always, he scoffed at those who seemed unnerved by his presence. I received a condescending grin once he noticed me pacing toward him. Physically, Drew stood almost as tall as I, but he had much broader shoulders and at least twenty pounds of additional muscle to his frame. I couldn’t describe as him an uncomely boy, but his beady, deep-set eyes were set too closely together, giving his facial features a compressed appearance. I also noticed something about him that I hadn’t observed before this moment. He had a conspicuously pale scar tracing down his neck’s left side, starting near his earlobe, before disappearing into his shirt’s rounded collar.
Fortunately, my past interactions with Drew were limited, and I had only random reports from colleagues, like Mrs. Fassal, to remind me of his contemptuous ways. I still believed most people had an ability to change if they recognized their faults, but this boy was an exception. He typified everything I disliked about young, egotistical men. He must’ve sensed my disgust as I approached him today.
“Hey, Cobbs,” he bellowed. “I heard you were lookin’ for me.” Drew proceeded to pop his knuckles in succession as I strolled up beside him. I resisted an impulse to lash out at him immediately. Drew thrived on such verbal combat, and I had no intention of playing to his strengths. My flimsy plan relied on casting a general impression of composure, but I had little expectation that this façade would’ve withstood his cynicism for more than a few seconds.
“You heard right, Drew,” I answered. “I wanted to talk to you.”
Drew crossed his arms in front of his chest, sealing off any gesture of compliance from my viewpoint. He looked as though my ailment sickened him more than me. “Wow,” he remarked. “You look like total crap, Cobbs. Just don’t get too close, got it?”
“No worries there,” I returned. “Look, for both our sakes, I’ll keep this brief, Drew. Besides, I don’t know how else to say this without sounding accusatory, so I’m just going to come out and ask you.”
“Go for it,” he replied, shrugging his shoulders.
“A rumor has been floating around the school that you’re looking to pick a fight with Stanley Glacer. Does that sound accurate?”
Drew flashed a watertight grin, revealing more insight into his motivations than what his limited vocabulary would’ve foretold. “I don’t know what you’re talkin’ about,” he lied.
“You’ll only make me stay here longer if you deny it.”
Drew reflected momentarily before his mouth split asunder with a tawny-toothed grin. “Oh, you must mean that deformed kid who felt up my girlfriend.”
“He’s not deformed.”
“Sure coulda fooled me,” he cackled.
“I don’t care how you think Stanley looks, Drew. I just need for you to get your facts right.”
The smile vanished from Drew’s lips as he tightened his fists into pearly balls. He was prepared to make my mission as burdensome as possible.
“I already got the story from Regan. If you ask me, the kid’s a creepy pervert.”
Attempting to converse logically with Drew was as productive as squeezing water from a rock. Had I not already committed myself to this duty, I might’ve surrendered to his stupidity and walked away.
“I think you know that Stanley isn’t the kind of kid who goes around grabbing girls inappropriately. As a matter of fact, I already spoke to Stanley and he explained that nothing happened.”
Drew forwarded a cocksure smirk that would’ve caused a pacifist to contemplate assault and battery. I suspected that he was quite adept at impelling ordinarily peaceful men onto the brink of barbarism. But of course I realized my disadvantage if I provoked him into using his fists to support his snide comments. Unfortunately, a physical confrontation between us would’ve resulted in the scrutiny of my actions rather than his own. Since Drew was not quite an imbecile, he knew I had no legal right to put my hands on him.
“Now let me tell you something, Cobbs,” said Drew. He then pivoted his back off the brick column and squared his shoulders so that they nearly connected with my own. “Most teachers around here have enough smarts to keep out of my face. Up until today, you’ve done a pretty good job staying out of my way. Why change anything now?”
“Firstly, my name is Mister Cobbs to you, and secondly, I didn’t come here to explain my intentions. All I’m asking is for you to back off of Stanley. He’s got enough problems without you adding to the list.”
“Hey, don’t blame me for his ugly mug. I didn’t even hit him yet. But even if I punched him dead straight in the face five or six times, do you think anyone would really notice? Hell, it might even be an improvement.”
Drew dallied for a few seconds to check his reflection in a trophy case’s glass window. Although he smiled confidently at his image, I wondered if he recognized how rotten he truly appeared to everyone around him. As he dragged his fingers through his oily, shoulder-length hair, I felt an insatiable urge to knock him headlong through the plate glass. Of course, I did nothing but wait for his attention to return to me.
“Are we done here now, Cobbs? Oh, I meant to say Mister Cobbs.”
“You think you’re better than most people around here, don’t you, Drew?” I asked, ignoring his superciliousness.
“Isn’t it obvious?” he gloated.
“Maybe it’s not as clear as you think it is. For example, does it bother you to know that Regan Cordell uses you to harass and intimidate the kids she doesn’t like?”
“That’s your opinion.”
“It’s easy enough to verify. The truth of the matter is that she doesn’t have any more respect for you than anyone else around this place.”
Drew puffed out his chest, rippling his flesh-forming T-shirt in a bid to induce me to retreat. He might’ve even felt inclined to hit me, and had it not been for the numerous spectators milling about, he would’ve most likely acted upon this impulse. Despite my disadvantage, I held my position as if prepared to counteract his attack.
“What do you know about anything, Cobbs?” he said. “You’re just a good for nothin’ teacher. My folks say that’s what losers do in life when they can’t do anything else to earn a livin’.”
“I’m glad to hear we have so much parental support,” I quipped. “But I don’t want to digress here, Drew, so let’s just focus on you and Stanley. If you leave the boy alone, we’ll never have to talk to one another again. Sound like a deal?”
Compromising with Drew was like settling differences with a riled rattlesnake. I expected no cooperation on his part. He found it more agreeable to laugh hardily in my face. “You know,” he chuckled, “you’re really pathetic. I don’t deal with your kind. Got it, teach?”
“I figured you were too dumb to make a smart choice,” I said. “But I had to prove myself right.”
“You better watch out who you call dumb, ’cause I’ll report you for talkin’ down to the students. You know how fragile our little egos are, Cobbs. We’re too damn sensitive to take criticism. Haven’t you figured it out yet? We’re running the show around here, and don’t you ever forget it.”
“I’m reminded of it everyday, Drew.”
“Then why don’t you just step off now and take what little dignity you got left along with you?”
“I’ll leave when we come to some agreement on Stanley.”
“Forget about him, Cobbs. He’s done wrong to my girl, and I’m gonna whack him in his pus-filled noggin until he cries for his mommy.”
“Do you actually believe Regan is telling you the truth? She’s a known liar and manipulator. I’ve watched her chew boys up even bigger than you. Besides, you’re not going to prove anything to that girl by pulverizing a kid half your size. She’s just pulling your strings. Do you enjoy being her puppet?”
“You still don’t get it,” Drew grimaced. “It doesn’t matter anymore if Stanley grabbed Regan’s tits or not. People around here expect me to retaliate, and that’s exactly what’s going to happen.”
“When did you learn to be so cruel?”
Drew sniggered at me as if I was merely an obstacle he had overstepped a hundred times before. He then leaned in closer to my face, taunting me with his tobacco-tainted breath and smoldering black eyes. “If I didn’t know any better,” he said, “I’d swear that you want to hit me right now. But we both know that you ain’t got the stones to do it. Am I right, Cobbs?”
“In another place and time, you might find out.”
“Ha ha, you’re a quirky dude, you know that? Quirky, but weak. I can tell you don’t like me, and that makes sense from where you’re standing. You know, I’m willing to bet that I remind you of someone from your past.”
“Nobody worth remembering.”
“But maybe somebody who used to kick your ass,” he mused. “That must be it, ’cause you look like the type of guy who got his head stuffed in dirty toilet bowls as a kid. Am I hitting the mark yet, Mister Cobbs?”
“Not even close.”
“C’mon, you don’t have to hide it from me. I know what a pussy looks like when I see one.” Drew tilted his head and pretended to sniff the air in front of me before saying, “And you wear your fear like cheap cologne.”
“That’s not fear, Drew. It’s just cheap cologne.”
“Yeah,” he said hoarsely. “Keep making your jokes. I guess that’s your way to cover up your weaknesses. But we both know the truth. The only reason you’re here trying to protect that ghoulish kid is because you used to be just like him.”
The longer I remained in Drew’s company, the more I understood the concept of vanquishing a scourge for the betterment of society. Maybe I wasn’t powerful enough to be a victor in any scuffle with this opponent, but at least I’d unleash a couple of solid blows to stunt his conniving smirk. Because of my close proximity to him, we managed to attract the snooping eyes of numerous students. They surrounded us as if we were two cage-fighters about to square off.
“Why don’t you make a move?” Drew coaxed me. “You want to be a hero? You want to be the guy who said he took down Drew Mincer? Go ahead. Take your best shot, old man. I’ll even let you hit me first.”
“It’s a tempting offer,” I muttered. “In fact, few things would give me more satisfaction.”
“It’s too bad that you ain’t got any guts, Cobbs, ’cause after I finish beating your ass, you’d make Stanley look like a runway model in comparison.”
If our standoff continued for much longer, I couldn’t guarantee that I’d maintain my composure. Fortunately, the tension diffused dramatically when Mitch Dalton elbowed his way through the crowd to observe the impasse firsthand. Even Drew had his natural boundaries when it came to bullying, and Mitch’s ursine-sized physique caused the miscreant to curtail his hostilities momentarily. Mitch came up behind me and cupped one beefy hand on my shoulder, nearly tilting me in my stance. As always, he wore his burgundy and gold football jersey as if the number 55 was tattooed to his skin.
“Everything okay over here, Mr. Cobbs?” Mitch’s voice sounded sonorous and formidable, almost as if he was speaking into the mouth of a tunnel. Before Mitch was done enunciating his greeting, Drew drifted away from me and resumed his original stance against a brick wall near the auditorium’s doors.
“How are you doing, Mitch?” I asked, exhaling simultaneously.
“Not too shabby. Hey, I just wanted to let you know that my sister really appreciated all the help you gave her last year with her college essay. She’s got an A average in her writing course right now.”
From my perspective, Mitch’s gratitude was timed well, but somewhat unusual under the tense circumstances. “I’m glad to hear that, Mitch. Tell Pamela I said hello. And if you’re looking for some extra help with your own writing, you know where to find me.”
Mitch nodded his chin receptively, but his eyes gradually focused on Drew. Eventually, when the awkwardness proved too unbearable, Drew strolled into the auditorium with a few of his cronies in tow. I made no attempt to follow him inside, but our conversation didn’t feel quite finished.
“Is Drew giving you a hard time?” Mitch questioned.
“I think he has a knack for doing that to everyone,” I responded.
“I can make him leave you alone if you want, Mr. Cobbs. Hell, I never liked that guy anyway.”
Mitch’s offer was almost too compelling for me to reject. Perhaps Mitch could’ve furnished the humiliation that Drew required, but it wasn’t fair or proper for me to involve the only student who had a marginal chance to outdo a bully at his own pastime. This battle, if it indeed evolved to such a degree, belonged in my hands alone.
“I appreciate your concern,” I told Mitch, “but I have to deal with Drew on my own terms. Besides, if there’s any kind of karma in this world, he’ll get what he deserves sooner or later.”
Mitch seemed satisfied by my canned response, but I sounded like a conventional-minded man in my own calculations. From my past experiences, I learned that those who lived despicably encountered no more or less hardships than those who waltzed through life with unblemished records. Although my personal impression of Mitch was far more agreeable in comparison to Drew, I still detected traits in his character that troubled me. Namely, Mitch’s blatant addiction to steroids remained a topic that I had averted in the past, but I suddenly felt courageous in this morning’s pursuits.
“It might not be the best time for me to mention this, Mitch,” I said, “but I can’t pretend that I haven’t noticed changes in you since September. That juice you’re taking to bulk up is only going to cause problems later on in life.”
As expected, Mitch looked disheveled by my comment. He immediately dropped his hand from my shoulder and assumed a more defensive posture. He, however, made no attempt to deny my accusation.
“It ain’t easy getting a football scholarship nowadays,” he said. “For a guy like me, it’s the only way I can get into a good school.”
“Is it worth your health and reputation?”
“I can’t give up my edge, Mr. Cobbs. All the serious athletes are on something.”
“It sounds like you don’t think you can make the cut based on your own abilities.” It didn’t provide me any pleasure to be so blunt with Mitch, but I suspected such a lecture was long overdue. “You can’t pretend to be better than you really are forever. Eventually, your true talents will be exposed.”
“It’s got nothin’ to do with how talented I am. I’ve already proven myself to the scouts. Guys juice up to stay big.  It’s a fact. We can’t afford to slack off.”
“So all the guys on the team are shooting this stuff into their veins?” I didn’t expect him to snitch on anyone specifically, but he stared at me as if I had simply turned my head away from the truth for far too long.
“It’ll never change now,” he explained. “The colleges have too much at stake.”
“What about the students’ lives?”
Mitch rolled his shoulders and replied somewhat reluctantly, “We all know the risks, but for most of us football is all we got. If I don’t make the team in college, I forfeit my scholarships. I can’t afford to take that risk.”
“There’s other ways to go to college, Mitch. I’m sure your parents or sister told you that.”
“I ain’t so smart, Mr. Cobbs. And it sucks to be ordinary.”
Mitch forwarded a reserved smile and patted me on the back with a hand that felt like it was gloved in cast iron. “You’re a cool guy, Mr. Cobbs,” he said. “It’s nice to know that you’re lookin’ out for kids like me. But maybe you should just leave some things alone. It’s not always a good idea to get involved.”
Mitch didn’t wait around for me to clog his mind with any counter logic. He lumbered off through the dispersing crowd just as abruptly as he arrived, leaving me standing outside the auditorium alone. Although he was blind to the point, Mitch’s dedication to sports had cost him dearly. I surmised he presently didn’t have the aptitude to read beyond the sixth-grade level, and it upset me to conclude that this shortcoming belonged to his teachers and coaches almost as much as it did to him. Collectively, there was enough blame to be passed around to light up a scoreboard. I couldn’t help but to wonder what happened to most of those second rate athletes after the final whistle blew. For as long as colleges accepted students on their ability to catch a pass or dribble a ball, the sad stories of those like Mitch Dalton would’ve never ceased to exist.
I soon found myself pressed up against the same brick column that Drew utilized a few seconds earlier. It might’ve been a better idea for me to wander unceremoniously inside the auditorium and blend in with the students before the onset of my next episode. But I couldn’t risk being spotted by Drew, not in such an obvious state of disarray. I elected to remain plastered against the support column for a few seconds, hoping that any lingering stares became indifferent to my current plight.
In a futile bid to conceal my distress, I ultimately ducked behind the auditorium’s double doors to wait out the duration of my next spell. Then, after securing my own stealth, I inadvertently noticed Desiree Meadows standing somewhat lackadaisically outside the gymnasium on the hallway’s opposite side. Another female student who I didn’t recognize had one hand nestled on the Desiree’s shoulder. Because both girls appeared visibly dismayed, I assumed the source of Desiree’s apparent grief was no longer a mystery to her friend. Perhaps I might’ve intervened at this point, but my subliminal thoughts still had other pathways of consequence to expose. Once conceding to this inevitability, I settled against the doors and let my visions escort me into yet another unprecedented realm.


Chapter 33

10: 44 A.M.


I materialized upon a beach that looked like a pasture of crushed limestone. Since I had already adapted to the uncultivated environments in which I happened upon, this particular backdrop rated as a near paradise by comparison. Towering palms trees swayed in temperate winds along the dunes, and the lull of seawater lapped on a shoreline with a synchronistic rhythm. My apparent solitude instilled no sense of alarm in me, for I already determined that almost everything in nature rarely panned out in a way it first appeared. As I padded along the beachfront, while being vigilant of the ocean’s ever-changing tides, I inspected my surroundings with a discriminating curiosity. I perceived nothing from my initial observations that hinted I had traversed upon anything more significant than a deserted island, but I also realized that my journey’s trek never ceased without some avenue of interaction.
While white-capped breakers lathered the shore in foam that mimicked the clouds, I turned toward a jungle habitat opposite the sea. A scent of steaming flora mixed with the briny breezes inland. I made my trail beneath the shade cast over the sand from a stretch of palm trees. Farther along this jaunt, I found evidence verifying that I wasn’t the only pilgrim who made progress on this terrain. A few feet from where the sea’s froth glazed the sand like a film of taut cellophane, I detected the naked footprints of several human beings. The erratic placement of these markers suggested that a scuffle ensued on this spot not long before my arrival.
I shouted above the roiling green waves, but only received traces of my own voice reverberating off the craggy cliffs situated beyond the forest’s perimeter. Rather than proceed with my search along the beach, I moved deeper into the island’s dense foliage. The territory was barely passable here. Tropical vegetation clogged the narrow wedges of earth at every bend between the trees. Since other men had undoubtedly surveyed this land before me, the dearth of footpaths seemed unusual. But despite this disadvantage, I trudged through the jungle as though I had mastered its foreignness with a sudden finesse for the unknown. Eventually, the underbrush thinned to present only a manageable impediment, and ultimately transformed into a partial clearing strewn with various sized boulders.
I elected to rest within this scattering of rocks, playing favorites to one stone that was layered in a mossy carpet. From this vantage point I also noticed two different piles of bundled firewood. Evidently, someone had already planned to transport this material to another location. I then assumed that the source of such labor hadn’t strayed too far from my current position. An offensive odor overpowered the air, causing me to wince and screen my nose from this yet undetermined company. I likened the smell to a bushel of decaying fish, but also saltier. Whatever it was, I couldn’t imagine such an offensive stench emanating from another living creature, let alone a human being.
My anticipation on this matter was allayed rather quickly. As the repellent aroma intensified, I retreated behind the rocks for camouflage. The thicket then crunched and parted with an approaching formation, and I soon discerned the shape of an altered beast that resembled a crossbreed of several species indigenous to this island. While inspecting its features, I became fairly certain that it was indeed an animal, but one that wasn’t entirely devoid of human characteristics. It walked on two legs rather than four, and had eyes disproportionate to that of a regular man. The majority of its scaly skin was finely coated with hair, but matted and dark in areas of its torso and pelvis as well; this detail seemed no more irregular than a male homo sapien.
This uncomely mutation approached the gathered firewood carrying what looked like an armful of oblong-shaped acorns, but this variety was at least twice as large as those generated from the live oaks back in my homeland. Perhaps the creature’s strangest feature was a flowing burgundy cloak wrapped around its shoulders. The beast wore no other garments from its immense head down to its cloven feet. I presumed the monster had no knowledge of my presence behind the rocks, but it flared its nostrils at the air as if a fragrance more rancid than its own stench invaded its nostrils. A humbling notion then numbed me. What if my natural scent was just as disgusting to its olfactory senses as it was to mine?
I deemed it pointless to conceal my intrusion a second longer. Despite its imposing size and frightful characteristics, I suspended my fear to face it as I had confronted other beasts in this journey. When I stood upright from behind the rocks, the creature released an odious snarl and nearly leapt from the coverage of its own cape. Within a few seconds, I realized that it was closer to my kind than I originally fathomed. This brute talked with a lucidity that belied its uncivilized mannerisms.  
“I prithee,” it shrieked, “art thou another sprite sent to prick and jab mine eynes? I shalt harness the pignuts and wood in haste. Tell thy meazel’d sorcerer so.”
For such a massive figure, its voice projected a dread that contradicted any brutishness in its mannerisms. Since it perceived me as an entity unnatural to this island’s dwellers, and mentioned a necromancer as a source of its slavery, I presumed this ogre to be the infamous but potentially misunderstood Caliban.
“There’s no reason to be startled,” I assured the beast. “Your master Prospero has not sent me here to monitor your progress.”
Caliban angled his pig-like nose toward the sky again. It then lumbered toward me with an unsteady gait, as if it had consumed entirely too much alcohol. He managed to retract a protruding column of teeth before greeting me on very different terms. “Ay,” he slurred, “I knowst thy kind. Thou art kin to the moon. Didst thou bring celestial liquor as thy companions so oft glut? ’Tis a ripe scent I crave now.”
The cursed animal’s observation wasn’t entirely baseless. Although I certainly had no connection to the shipwrecked men who planned to usurp the rightful Duke of Milan and violate his nubile daughter, Miranda, Caliban had a reason to label me as an interloper on his lush land.
“Don’t worry,” I said, “Stephano and Trinculo aren’t my comrades, and unlike them, I bring no magic potion to alter your mood. Besides, it seems as though you’ve had enough of that draft already.”
“Nay, stranger. But if thou be not sent to do what the paddock canst perform sans his magic books, wherefore have thou footed a path hither?”
“I don’t yet know my reason for being here, Caliban,” I replied earnestly.
“Via! If thou art not a sprite of the tyrant’s den, how doth ye recite mine name?”
Obviously, I spoke prematurely, but remained resolute in my belief that I still had an advantage. “I must’ve heard you singing it while you were gathering the pignuts,” I offered.
“Methinks not.”
“Well, I had to overhear your name while you were making merry with the men who promised to avenge your servitude on this island.” My lie satisfied Caliban to a degree where he managed to deliver the relevant portion of his song to me.
“Ban, Ban Ca-Caliban,” he chimed tunelessly. The hag seed howled like a feral dog, apparently amused with the syllables of a name given to him by his mother, the witch Sycorax. His distemper wasn’t entirely quelled, however, because I had not yet deciphered the benefit of my visitation for either of us. After sensing a disturbance in the trees overhead, I watched Caliban drop the acorns to the ground. He had learned to feel uneasy ever since Prospero branded him as a molester of his only daughter.
“Dost thou brand me as a saucy woodcock?”
“My opinion matters very little,” I answered Caliban objectively. “It’s how you view yourself that ultimately counts. Others will observe that truth as well.”
“’Tis a slave’s existence. I live in sufferance. Prospero hath sent a she-fox to tempt mine loins. Being callow to the customs of foreigners, I sneeped and mealed with her as any who clasps a bona-roba might.”
“As far as I know,” I indicated, “in every culture it’s never suitable to presume the intentions of a father’s young daughter. I’m afraid you’ve earned Prospero’s wrath and must now make amends.”
“Zounds! ’Twas an err committed in luxury. Thou knowst the honesty of her favors liest flat. I hast no country matters acknown, yet I gather pignuts and wood like a manikan. Prithee, couldst thee relay a more bemadding treatment?”
“What punishment do you see fit for the attempted rape of a girl, Caliban?”
“Mew! Thou apply delations to a word as strange to mine ears as thy presence and purpose hither. The fair imp is kept chaste in spite of a riggish heart.”
“But does that mean your vile intentions should go unpunished?”
“I might be a geck for storing capricious motives, but how many fetters couldst the sur-reined blacksmith forge if every fustian thought potch’d the violators into franked quarters?”
“I suppose the civilized and uncivilized would share the same table at supper,” I said, but not without a wisp of shame.
“Marry, so doth thou see perchance wherefore a monster may’st not truly be as such? I entreat thou, sir, couldst a creature as cowish as I be so kam-minded still?”
I understood the Moon Calf and the consternation that directed him to these conclusions, but I refused to categorize him as a victim from what I gleaned of the circumstances. Although Prospero surely couldn’t be rated as an infallible sorcerer or father, I viewed his choice to protect his daughter’s chastity as admirable. In a sense, Caliban had invited strange beings into his world, where he taught them his habitat’s customs in exchange for their urbane knowledge. Yet somewhere the boundaries between the moral and immoral became as blurred and shifting as a tempest-tossed sea. Not surprisingly, I had plunged into the middle of this quarrel without an option to remain indifferent to the matter.
Caliban then cast a wild gaze at the wind-rustled trees. “Anon,” he murmured in a trepid voice, “the scrolyle’d sorcerer shalt hast mine hide pricked by his missive fairy, Ariel. Lo, and hearken to the woods hurly. This forestry is sprited. ’Tis a sheep-biter enshield’d as a bugbear and sent as a spial to convoy mine apprehensions to his master’s ear. I prithee, don’t enclip its dribbling race sith ’tis apt to beteem thy parlous intent, if good deed be it so.”
“The woods may in fact house secrets,” I told him, “but I have none to conceal from either you or Prospero. I suspect that such skeptical thoughts only contribute to this island’s mystery and misery.”
“Ay, ’tis the proper acture to shun a cur, but thy mammering in mine haunt may’st be happily designed. From whither thou hast come I canst cipher. Yet methinks thee art soiled by some ropery.”
“Trust me, Caliban, I haven’t traveled here to cause you any humiliation. My mission is more about finding my own way in this world. At the moment, however, I can’t even claim to know where I’ll be destined to go ten minutes from now.”
Caliban chortled with wicked intonations at my pledge. He then bellowed, “O, gull, dost thou see’st me as a mome flecked with ignorance? I couldst hast thy blood-boltered brain on a dish. Be straight with me. Wherefore art thou on this isle hither?”
“I’ve given you my answer already,” I declared. “I learn from those who share my circumstances in one form or another.”
“Then thou art enslaven’d by a jack as well?”
“Not in the same way you are. But I believe most people, whether good or bad, must answer to someone. And when we are alone, perhaps we listen to the one voice that never runs out of words.”
Caliban then maneuvered his hoof-like paw to his head, gesturing that he had at least a rudimentary understanding of my purposes. Perhaps it was unfair for me to presume that this beast didn’t inherit the mental capacity to process his interior thoughts with any regularity.
“Thou hast conjured spells sans magic,” said Caliban. He then crouched upon the rocks and cupped his bulging forehead between his paws. “Doth thou unclew th’ intendments of all thou jut upon?”
“My business here isn’t to change anything that might yet occur,” I responded. “But I will say that within the next few hours you’ll need to make smart choices. Be careful in how you permit yourself to be led. Whether you see yourself as an ally or one afflicted, free or bounded, there will always be those who expect you to follow them. Pick your companions well, and if I may add, avoid the Moon Men’s liquor when it comes with a price that exceeds the depth of your own dignity. And please remember that the pathway to beautiful things isn’t as straight as it seems at first glance.”
For now, Caliban appeared content with my advice. He then attempted to show his gratitude by offering to escort me around the island. I respectfully declined, since I had already sensed a level of confinement here. Before departing Caliban’s company, however, I assisted him in the task of collecting some acorns. He eventually directed me back to the beach, where I observed the Mediterranean’s tides churning with currents of miraculous splendor. For what it was now worth, the storm within me lashed against my brain with a cadence similar to the sea.
While encapsulated in such moments, I questioned my ability to uphold the courage to exist in a world so brave and new, where friends and foes collided in a seamless dance for dominance. As it now stood, the division between all men and monsters wasn’t as clearly imprinted in the sands of our hours.


Chapter 34

10:47 A.M.


When I finally recovered from my most recent setback, I was already ten minutes tardy for my own study hall. I’m certain Principal Lemus had stationed his regular pack of watchdogs around the building like a pound of bootlicking sycophants, but it was a detail no longer pertinent to me. I had enough to contend with today without worrying about appeasing an administrator who talked slickly, but stumbled more frequently in the rhythm to his own words than a newborn on ice skates. At the moment, a more menacing bane captured my attention as I walked gingerly toward the auditorium’s stage.
It amazed me that Drew Mincer’s vitriolic personality still hadn’t cost him the respect of his followers. Oddly, they seemed as eager as parched hounds to lick at the bully’s heels whenever possible. Drew presently situated himself with a few of these perennial lapdogs at the auditorium’s far side, but any viewable distance from me to him proved too close for my liking. The rowdy boys amused themselves by projecting exaggerated laughter toward the stage in a bid to unnerve me. At this point, I realized that any reprimand I countered with would’ve only served as an accelerant to Drew’s inflammable disposition. For now, I decided to let him burn off whatever unresolved resentment he harbored toward me.
An unfortunate but not unexpected consequence of my silence, however, was Drew’s knack to keep his rage smoldering long after any incendiary argument became doused. Despite his taunting, I kept my oath to stay dispassionate, although the glare I cast in his direction might’ve frozen his heart, if he ever had one. My concentration toward Drew provided the precise nourishment that boys like him required in order to thrive socially in high school. Of course, excelling academically had nothing to do with Drew’s future plans. He seemed resolved to contribute only grief to this community. At times, I wanted to throw up my hands in frustration. Why didn’t students like him appreciate school for its intended reasons? Had I simply forgotten what it was like to be an eighteen-year-old student stockpiled with idealistic dreams?
The optimistic but grossly unfeasible notion that teachers had an innate power or talent to influence every student who passed through his classroom was never far removed from my thoughts during this study hall. Ironically, teaching in a high school was perhaps the loneliest of all professions. On the surface, suggesting that teachers worked in isolation sounded foolhardy to any sensible outsider. After all, we routinely interacted with at least a hundred students and colleagues everyday. But our reality was quite different from what it appeared. Teachers often spoke to impassive groups, who offered little or nothing in response to what we conveyed. As a literature instructor, I asked questions, and then waited despondently to answer them myself. Most kids didn’t have the patience or desire to read a book nowadays, not with technology cajoling them into a realm of mindless preoccupations.
Whenever I became dispirited by the ever-present apathy of today’s teenagers, I focused my attention on one particular boy in my study hall. Occasionally, but not often enough, glimpses of sanguinity replenished my belief in the younger generation. It seemed that the best students invariably managed to utilize their time efficiently whether the environment was optimal or not.
One such example was a boy named Dale McCoy. He might’ve been the sole student at Ravendale High School who arrived each morning with one unflappable ambition in mind: learn as much as conceivable from his teachers without complaint or bitterness. His objective sounded so fantastically simplistic that I often wondered why it became such a taxing ordeal for the majority of his classmates to mimic, including the college-bound hopefuls. I, of course, understood the premise of social interaction, but certainly never viewed bullshitting as a substitute for a thorough education. Dale seemed to understand this premise better than anyone I had ever met under the age of twenty.
Based on my interactions with Dale’s subject teachers, I discovered that he didn’t typically attain the highest scores on standardized tests and so forth. This surprised me initially, but he counterbalanced any learning deficiencies he might’ve encountered with a tenacious approach to his studies; excuses were not part of Dale’s agenda when it came to schoolwork. His printer never ran out of ink, and had he ever owned a dog that consumed homework assignments, no one ever heard tell of it. A determination to consistently perform at his highest ability, in spite of distractions, separated him from the others. No work was above or beneath his most earnest effort.
Dale’s humility served as his strongest attribute, and this again divided him from the spoiled snots that had inherited a sense of entitlement from their overzealous parents. He sought knowledge for the sole sake of cultivating his intrinsic thoughts, while others within his class did so because they presumed they’d be rewarded with praise and monetary compensation. But as it was with most kids in Dale’s league, his circle of friends was limited to three or four likeminded students.
In my study hall Dale always sat alone, purposely situating himself in a section of the auditorium where the least amount of students congregated. I looked to Dale this morning and likened him to a castaway on a deserted island. His face was always dipped in one book or another. But unlike others who endured scrutiny and ridicule under similar circumstances, Dale curiously avoided the students’ cynicism. They might’ve shunned him with their own form of scheming, but he was rarely acknowledged by anyone in a confrontational manner. Startlingly, even Drew refrained from adding the boy to his volume of bullied prospects. I still didn’t ascertain a reason behind this overt omission on Drew’s part, and I wished I’d never have to retract this statement. 
Maybe Dale’s immunity to social criticism had more to do with his own aloof demeanor than a blatant oversight. In some ways, he reminded me of myself when I was a teenager. I routinely escaped my peers’ cruelties by keeping my nose wedged between the pages of my journals, dreamily penning what I imagined as the next best seller. Perhaps some who didn’t know me speculated about what I wrote so pensively, but most probably didn’t care. At any rate, I managed to drift through four years of high school almost invisibly. In hindsight, I don’t know if my anonymity helped me as I matured. In my youth I had acquired an assortment of friends, but I permitted those bonds to deteriorate because of a nature to turn inwardly with my ideas. Not surprisingly, most of the relationships I forged when I was a young man had dissolved. I was now forced to examine the potential of continuing this trend as I aged.
It might’ve been a purely sentimental gesture on my part that compelled me to ponder Dale’s situation with more urgency on this morning. I suddenly felt inspired to assist him in a way that he may have never confessed aloud. If any interaction was going to occur between us, however, Dale first needed to put down his book for a few minutes. On this occasion I noticed him perusing a copy of James Joyce’s novel Ulysses, which was a rather ambitious excursion into literature for even an elite high school student.
“Dale,” I called out to him. I didn’t have to project my voice too loudly since he sat closer to me than any of the other kids. “Can you come up here for a moment, please?”
Dale didn’t drop the tome from in front of his gold-rimmed bifocals at first; I presumed he was too engrossed in Joyce’s allusion-riddled prose to give my voice any credence. Since I had never summoned his attention for other than attendance purposes before today, his vacillating seemed ordinary. Following my second request, Dale gradually lowered the book just far enough from his face to peek over the top of its spine. Naturally, he looked perplexed as he approached my table near the auditorium’s stage. I didn’t yet know quite how to propose what I wanted to say to him, so I eased into a bit of small talk.
“Who do you have for British literature this year?” I inquired. Maybe I already knew the answer to this question, but I conveniently forgot it for the moment.
“Mrs. Burton,” Dale replied, barely aiming his pecan-shaped eyes toward me. Despite his sheepishness, I sensed something genuine masked behind those thick eyeglasses. One thing was certain: he had no qualms about his unkempt appearance. Dale was a lanky boy, who wore baggy clothes to conceal his emaciated frame, and no one would’ve ever accused him of combing his mop of glossy, black hair more than once a day.
“She has you reading Joyce now?” I said, gesturing to the novel pressed up against his body like a sentinel’s shield.
“Nah,” he corrected me. “I’m reading this book on my own.”
Unsurprisingly, my opinion of the boy’s grit solidified. “That’s a pretty challenging novel to absorb by yourself,” I commended him. “How do you like it so far?” Unlike most teens, Dale processed every question presented to him by an adult ponderously.
“Actually,” he remarked, “to be honest, I can’t figure out much of it yet.”
The key word, of course, that verified my earlier assessment of Dale’s potential was the word ‘yet.’ “You’re not alone,” I said. “I’m still struggling with some of the passages in that book. I guess that’s why we keep reading it though, huh?”
“I liken it to a complex trigonometry equation,” Dale affirmed. “If I study it long enough, maybe it’ll eventually make sense.” Why couldn’t more students share this boy’s refreshing outlook when encountering new concepts? Didn’t they yet know that the things that came to them easiest in life were often the first forgotten?
Dale still stood awkwardly in front of the table where I sat behind. I stalled in search of a tactful manner to shift our conversation beyond the framework of Joyce’s opus. “Listen,” I offered, somewhat listlessly. “With all the reading you’re doing, it doesn’t leave much time for going out with your girlfriend, does it?”
The boy then looked at me as if I had just asked him to borrow a large sum of money. I had understandably surprised him with my rhetorical question. He simply furrowed his brow quizzically and remarked, “Mr. Cobbs, I’ve never had a girlfriend.” I, of course, surmised as much, but my feigned ignorance helped me bridge a footpath to my next trail of discourse.
“I didn’t mean to be presumptuous, Dale. I was just thinking about the importance of keeping everything balanced in your life. You know, with the prom coming up in a couple of months, I figured you might have someone in mind who you’d like to take.”
Dale’s face suddenly appeared a bit flustered before he said, “The prom? What makes you think I want to go to the prom?”
“It’s your senior year. Maybe you should think about treating yourself to a fun time now and then. After all, once you graduate, you’ll probably never get another chance to go to a prom.” I expected Dale to become uncomfortable with my suggestion. He fidgeted his weight from one foot to the other while trying to construct a polite excuse to shorten our dialogue.
“Ummm, did I do something wrong?” he asked tentatively. He then deflected my inquiry with the book he had closed around his thumb. “I’m kind of right in the middle of Episode 4, Calypso,” he continued.
“Look,” I resumed, “I don’t mean to hold up your reading, Dale. I was just curious as to who’s attending the big shindig this year.”
Dale’s face deepened with puzzlement before he said, “I’m not trying to offend you, Mr. Cobbs, but why are you so concerned about the senior prom all of a sudden? Are you a chaperon?”
“No. I guess I was just trying to be helpful. Believe me, I understand the pressures of high school. It’s not always easy to put yourself out there. But when I was your age, I wish I had someone to remind me that it’s okay to have some laughs once in awhile.”
Dale and I didn’t currently share a rapport that would’ve allowed us to converse so openly on this matter. He seemed more inclined to resume reading about Leopold Bloom than entertain my ill-conceived notions on the benefits of socializing with his friends.
“Are you sure you’re feeling okay, Mr. Cobbs?” he then asked. I assumed that he recognized my haggard condition by now. “I can go get the nurse if you want me to.”
“I don’t need the nurse,” I assured him. “There’s nothing she can do for me to make me feel any better or worse.”
“Then can I go sit back down now?”
“Give me a few seconds. I don’t ask much from anyone, Dale,” I proceeded, “but I want you to listen to what I have to say first. Then, if you wish, you can pretend you never heard any of this from my lips.”
I figured Dale had the tolerance to at least fake his interest in the ramblings of a middle-aged English teacher who was suddenly envenomed by an altruistic bug. He stood as motionless as possible as I presented my proposal in complete humility.
“This might sound a little out of place for me to mention,” I whispered in an attempt to ensure that eavesdropping scamps didn’t intercept my words. “If you change your mind and decide that you want to go to the prom, I think I know a girl who you might like.”
Dale smirked as if he was privileged to an inside joke. He then swung around in his stance to inspect his surroundings. No one else in the auditorium paid us any mind. “I get it now,” he tittered. “This is some kind of a prank, right, Mr. Cobbs? You probably have someone filming us right now. Did Pete Ladders put you up to this?”
“I’m not kidding,” I insisted. “I wouldn’t do that to you.”
“Then you’re being serious? You want to set me up on a date?”
“It’s nothing like that, Dale,” I countered. “I’m only trying to see that the good kids in this school have something to take their minds off studying on occasion. If you didn’t have anyone to go to the prom with, I might be able to point you in the right direction. That’s all.”
Dale was intelligent enough to surmise that few suggestions of this nature were absent of complications or loopholes, but I presented this one earnestly and without any self-motivation. However, any student, especially those who were most likely to resist it, couldn’t accept this type of infringement so casually.
“I haven’t thought much about the prom,” he admitted. “Actually, I don’t really think it’s for me.”
“I’m not surprised you feel that way. In fact, when I was your age, I remember thinking exactly the same way about the prom. I thought the really cool kids never went to proms or got involved in social events.”
“So you didn’t go to your prom?”
“Oh, no. I went. My girlfriend kept bugging me, and I eventually broke down and went broke at the same time.”
“And was it worth it?”
“Honestly, the hype was bigger than the show, as it usually is. But the whole point is to experience moments in life for yourself so that you don’t have as many regrets later on down the line. Unlike the stage, Dale, there’s no dress rehearsal in life.”
Despite my bold efforts to persuade Dale to embrace my philosophy, I still sensed reservation in his eyes. If anything was working in my favor, at least Dale still remained situated in front of the table. I risked nothing by continuing our discussion in a discreet manner.
“You kids probably get sick of hearing your parents and teachers lecture about how the years fly by so rapidly. It’s an old cliché by now, but sometimes advice that is commonly good needs to be heard repeatedly.”
“It’s not that,” Dale responded, still nervously inspecting the immediate area around the table and stage. He then leaned closer to the table and uttered, “Just between you and me, Mr. Cobbs, I haven’t dated anyone before.”
This was not a revelation for me to consider, but I couldn’t sound so definite in my response. I spoke my next question gently. “If that’s true, don’t you think the prom is a prime opportunity to change your circumstances?” Dale drummed his fingers on the book’s hardcover. A sliver of reluctance peeled from his features as he deliberated my proposition. After a few seconds of analysis, he elected to investigate the matter a bit further.
“So you were saying that you know a girl who might need a date for the prom?”
“I can’t almost bet on it.”
“I’m no expert, Mr. Cobbs, but that’s usually not a good sign.”
“In this case it’s an exception. From the way I remember things, Dale, some of the prettiest girls in school have trouble getting guys to ask them out. Beauty intimidates most men. Boys assume that the best looking girls are all taken.”
“Well, I can’t argue with you there.”
“The reality is that you can never be certain unless you ask.”
“Another cliché?”
“As I said, the good ones are worth repeating.”
Dale smirked, flashing a polished grin that stood out against his swarthy skin. “So who’s the girl you had in mind?” His voice now dipped even lower than his previous effort. I noticed tiny flecks of sweat glistening on his forehead.
“She’s a little bit shy,” I said, hoping that he’d recognize his own nature through her demeanor. “Most of the kids don’t talk to her too much, or maybe it’s the other way around.”
Dale’s features became tauter when he uttered, “What’s her name?”
“Lenore Rivers.”
Dale’s fingers stopped tapping as he recited this name, first to himself, and then aloud. He reflexively glanced at his hands before revealing, “I don’t know her very well.”
“That comes later. What do you think of her?”
“I’m not sure,” he debated. “She’s not even in any of my classes this year. Did you ever hear her say something about me?”
“No, Dale. She’s never mentioned you to me.”
A few additional seconds elapsed before Dale’s face twitched as if a horsefly landed on the tip of his nose. He repeated the name once more in monotone as I monitored the rest of the room briefly. “I haven’t heard anything lately, but I think I remember a strange rumor about her at one time or another.”
I anticipated what Dale wanted to convey, but he looked as though he was violating some unwritten code between his classmates. “I don’t know, Mr. Cobbs. Maybe it’s not such a good idea.”
“Why? Is it because of a rumor?”
“Well…kind of. It’s really creepy that she burns herself with cigarettes, don’t you think?”
I didn’t intend to lie to Dale by indicating that the validity of this rumor was questionable. In truth, I selected him because I felt he might’ve been the one boy mature enough to handle this peculiarity and perhaps even dissuade Lenore from duplicating such an action.
“Lenore’s a very nice girl, Dale. I have her in my creative writing class. I feel like she wants to make some close friends, but like most students who get lost and battered in this crazy, merciless world, she lacks confidence in herself.”
“And you think I can provide that for her?”
“Who knows? Maybe you can help each other.”
“I don’t know, Mr. Cobbs,” he said sullenly. “I have enough issues of my own to deal with.”
“And who doesn’t? Some people are just better at hiding their flaws. You needn’t be afraid of the scars on Lenore’s arms. It’s the wounds you can’t see that should always make you most afraid.”
“I never heard that one before, Mr. Cobbs.”
“Hey, once in awhile I come up with an original.”
Dale offered me an anxious grin that showed no definitiveness in his intentions at this time, and I didn’t really expect him to make up his mind right now. Perhaps it was better for him to stew a bit with this information, allowing it to thicken like a broth under the scrutiny of his observations. Because he had nothing else to say at the moment, I decided to let him return to his reading without further comment.
My attention shifted to the other students before Dale returned to his seat. Near the back of the auditorium I then noticed Mona Dukes scrunched down in a seat, sobbing inconsolably. Apparently, her feelings for Orlando weren’t as inconsequential as I might’ve hoped. Standing beside her, chewing her strawberry-flavored bubblegum as if it was the food of the demigods, Emily Lee offered sympathy to her friend. In such moments, a classmate’s reassurance outranked any condolences forwarded by me. Besides, I had already intervened in the students’ social affairs more than I ever attempted before today. My arbitrary skills obviously had no further place here.
As I sat behind the table, feeling paralyzed in my present surroundings, it seemed as if my brain had swollen to a capacity where I could no longer see clearly. A haze of blue and yellow light flickered like a poltergeist across my eyelids. Yet I did nothing outlandish to draw attention to myself. Any frantic movement on my part would’ve surely prompted an examination from every student in company. Since I had given up hope trying to resist my episodic lapses, I simply leaned back in the chair and closed my eyes. I only distinguished a few muffled sounds while waiting for the blackness of unconsciousness to propel me toward the next phase in my cerebral journey.


Chapter 35

11:08 A.M.


A thread of ethereal light pierced an aperture in a wall of stone. Unlike my previous outings, my movement was suddenly restricted to the circumference of a prison cell that reeked of unwashed flesh. This filthy, dark air besieged my senses, causing me to gag as I focused my eyes on a lone window inlaid with poles of rusted rebar. What kind of manmade hell had I encountered on this occasion? My vision soon adjusted to the gloominess at large. Outside the boundaries of my confinement, I discerned the ghastly vista of a city’s square. In the plaza’s corner, a shadowed frame of wood scaffolding housed Death’s most prolific instrument.
The menacing craftsmanship of Dr. Guillotine’s National Razor glimmered in the grim morning light. The symbol of France’s bid for liberty was already botched in the wine-colored residue of its trade. No additional evidence was required for me to pinpoint my current location. I had been summoned to haunt the Prison La Force at a time when the frenzied chants for equality and fraternity transformed habitually docile men into blood-marred barbarians.
I returned my attention dejectedly toward the cell’s interior, where I noticed a single chair and table situated in one corner. At this chamber’s opposite end, a greasy straw mattress served as a resting place for a condemned man. The prisoner on the bed sat upright, but his face was partially shadowed from my inspection. Judging by the man’s sedate posture, I assumed he had already come to terms with the reign of terror that awaited him outside this cubicle of despair. He didn’t even acknowledge my presence initially. Perhaps he viewed me as an apparition sent to test his resilience more so than it had already been tried.
The somber man remained motionless as I stepped through the wedge of dawning cast through this cell’s window. He clasped his hands across his knees, with his stocking legs akimbo. Since he made no initial recognition of my presence, I assumed he was engaged in prayer. His gesture seemed like a trite bid for deliverance from the horrors of this fetid keep. When it was no longer possible for him to deny my existence, he lifted his head as methodically as the oblique blade that awaited all of La Force’s condemned inmates.
It required little guesswork from me to determine who I kept company with on this occasion. At present, depending on the timing of my arrival in this scenario, I narrowed my choices down to two individuals. The fellow’s charcoal hair blended seamlessly with the wall’s shadows, leaving me with a remote chance to discern any disparities between his features and his look alike. After a closer examination of this character, however, I detected deep furrows in the man’s brow; it was the countenance of a misdirected life. And his eyes, although unquestionably benevolent, reflected a sort of melancholic aura that hinted of a repressed loneliness.
Yet, despite this bleak arrangement, I sensed no lingering regret in a face that appeared aged beyond its years. He assigned no word of complaint to the plight that he had prescribed for himself. His whiskey-hardened visage had already undergone a transformation of sorts, tempering the creases around his eyes and corners of his lips. This was no longer a self-deprecating man who drowned his sorrow beneath a deluge of booze. The Jackal ceased to prowl futilely through life. Strangely, he had discovered a resolution to his strife here in the worst of all possible venues. Calmness lubricated his expression like warm oil lathered on his skin, making him an unsuitable candidate for the fate that summoned fifty-two others on this execution day. Neither pride nor envy tainted his disposition. Up until this interval in my travels, I admired no person more completely than this beleaguered rogue. The world outside this pitiless den knew his name as Sydney Carton.
I barely managed to form the syllable of his name on my lips, yet my salutation may have served as the sole device to make myself more than a ghost to him. “Hello, Mr. Carton,” I called out. My response was greeted with silence. I committed an error in judgment if I expected him to acknowledge his true name now. The sequence of events from the preceding night made it imprudent for him to do so. From this point forward, I suspected that he would have only answered to the signature given to him by his captors: Prisoner Twenty-Three. Undoubtedly, these gaolers salivated like famished Parisians at the prospect of Charles Darnay’s decapitation. Their insatiable lust for blood was rivaled by just one tricoteuse, who ceaselessly knitted a registry of doom for a generation of Evremondes.
Carton narrowed his eyes considerably as I slunk from the crevice of darkness within his cell. He now clearly observed that I was as tangible as he was to the innards of this filthy incubator of death. His muteness indicated that he had no intention of jeopardizing the secrecy of his plan. For a moment, he displayed a stoic glare that froze me in my stance as if I had locked eyes with the Gorgon Queen. 
“I didn’t see you enter,” he muttered suspiciously. “Are you not in secret as well?”
“No, sir. I let myself in, so to speak.”
“Then you have a turnkey?”
“I do not,” I responded. My present demeanor caused me to fumble with a plausible explanation for my sudden emergence in Carton’s cell. In this case, the truth seemed less sincere than proclaiming anything at all. Therefore, I simply let Carton insert the necessary details in order to construct a logical conclusion.
“Basard,” he grumbled with a jittery intonation. “I might’ve surmised that he’d flub this task in some way.”
“There’s no reason to be alarmed, sir.” I assured Darnay’s doppelganger. “Basard has made the stealthy transition unnoticed, and you can rest assuredly with the knowledge that Charles will be reunited with his wife and child soon. In fact, even as we speak, they are all safely en route to England.”
My explanation was designed to alleviate Carton’s uncertainty. But my news didn’t instill how I learned the particulars of his clandestine act of selflessness. It also didn’t supply him with the slightest inclination of who I was and what I might’ve wanted from him. Before we advanced any further in our communication, I guaranteed this altruistic lawyer that the method of my business didn’t include anything to undermine what he had devised.
“No one outside or within this cell will prevent or delay what you have wished upon yourself,” I assured him.
“I’m thankful for that,” Carton mused. He still examined my expression for a flicker of deceit. After a few seconds, his eyes widened and his taunt features slackened a bit. “What is your name?” he then asked me.
“Cobbs,” I replied without reservation.
“Cobbs? You’re not a cobbler by chance, are you, Mr. Cobbs?”
“No, sir,” I smirked. “I haven’t any skills for shoemaking.”
Carton became more analytical with his next inquiry, reminding me that trust was not bequeathed habitually between strangers during a time of revolution. “It may seem a bit indelicate for me to ask, but what purpose do you have in La Force if you’re not a prisoner scheduled to die?”
If I had a lucid objective for this visitation, I didn’t yet perceive it. Following several seconds of contemplation, I offered this: “I’m eager to learn whatever I can from you, sir. I don’t come across men of your caliber very often.”
“Indeed,” Carton sighed. “Apparently, Paris has stationed a spy on every corner, and even within the nooks between the doors.”
“It’s an epoch of terror,” I needlessly reminded him.
Carton offered me a wry grin and exclaimed, “I’ve endured the best and worst of such times, Cobbs. But if you’re wily enough to sneak in here to see me, then I presume you have a strategy to go directly the other way before the bell tower strikes three.”

“I’ve secured a safe passage for myself, sir,” I said. As I stared at Carton, I noticed that his hands were still clasped decisively across his bent knees, but he had something wedged between his fingers on his right hand. The thin vein of daylight illuminating this cell’s interior angled directly upon the object in question. It was nothing more than a piece of wilted straw, undoubtedly plucked from the bed he lay upon. Yet in the muted glow of that phantom-like sunray, it glistened like a golden thread. How could I not think of Carton’s unrequited love and how it ushered him to his demise?
“Since you’ve obviously resorted to some degree of espionage,” he resumed, “you must have something in mind that needs remedy.”
“Maybe you’re right,” I thought aloud. Because I knew the outcome of this ordeal and regretted my limitations to alter it, I was reluctant to continue with our exchange. It saddened me to realize that I was envious of a man who was slated to die beneath La Guillotine’s indiscriminating edge in fewer rounds than the clocks hands turned until twilight. Carton’s lost periods of inebriation no longer mattered. He had evolved into a humane character that few, if any, could’ve emulated. In spite of his past transgressions against his own body and mind, I saw nothing but innate courage filtering from within Prisoner Twenty-Three’s moody eyes.
“I suppose if I wanted to learn one thing from you,” I said. “I would like to understand how someone could love a woman so ardently and unconditionally that he’d sacrifice his own life to ensure her happiness with another man.”
Carton reposed introspectively on his mattress; I watched his finger twitch with the straw still in place as if it was rooted under his fingernail. He then released his hands from his knees, permitting his palms to open toward me as if they were portals into his most cherished recollections. “My act is no revelation, Mr. Cobbs,” he explained. “Many men before me have died so that others may live. It’s a natural exchange. The fact that I’ve chosen this ending for myself here in someone else’s name makes my deed no more laudable than those who perform similar acts in anonymity.”
“But I’m sure, sir, that Lucie would not consider your gift so frivolously. I’ve never met a man like you before. Even if I lived two lifetimes, I doubt my altruism could ever equal your own.”
Carton maneuvered to sit more upright now, extending his legs as if to stretch out the knots contorting his muscles. “I think we’re getting to the core of the matter now,” he remarked. “Your business at hand is to mollify guilt. Am I correct, Mr. Cobbs?” 
Attempting to deny my ulterior intention served no justice in this already unjust place. Despite Carton’s dire circumstances, he worked masterfully within his intellectual range to outwit me. “I have a wife,” I announced solemnly. “But I’m almost ashamed to admit that she’s nearly lost to me now.”
“Is this by her motivation or yours?”
“I don’t know if it’s fair for me to assume as much, but I believe it is her doing.”
“I’m afraid my method for saving marriages can only be offered on a single occasion,” Carton returned. “You’ll have to acquire a more permanent source if you wish to rectify this situation.”
“It may already be too late for such hope,” I confessed. “I have proper cause to presume that my wife has fallen prey to another man’s persuasions.”
“Am I to presume that your rival is also your double?” Carton offered only a sly grin with his comment, but I sensed that his sardonic humor was still intact. But unlike Carton, I couldn’t pretend that I accepted my wife’s lover as the better prospect in her life than me.
“Do you believe your wife is happier in this other man’s embrace, Mr. Cobbs?”
“I’d hate to think it, but I can’t readily deny that she’s unhappy with anyone other than me at the moment.”
“That’s a critical self assessment,” said Carton. “Since you strike me as a spy of considerable expertise, I’m sure you’re already aware that I can relate to your agony.”
“But I’m not ready to give up on her yet, sir. I won’t sit by idly and let another man steal my wife away from me. She’s my woman.”
“Is that how you truly view your wife—as someone who belongs to you?”
“Why? Is it wrong for me to assume as much?”
“Only if you fail to recognize that you’re being impractical. Let me be the first but not the last to remind you, Mr. Cobbs, that whomever your wife elects to love, that emotion belongs to her alone. You can’t control another person’s feelings anymore effectively than you can tame the seasons of this Earth. Furthermore, she will always resent you for anticipating as much.”
“If what you’re saying is true,” I countered, “then how is it possible to ever be secure in any relationship?”
Carton squatted tacitly on this point. My own question unraveled inside my brain like a wayward spool of yarn. By the time it had fully unwound, I discerned the answer I least sought to gain. “This failure is all mine,” I sulked. “I’ve tried so hard to hold onto her, to make her love me. But it was all for nothing. Don’t I have anything left to offer other than what you’ve furnished for the woman you love?”
“It’s not always a terrible option to walk away with some dignity intact,” advised Carton. His eyes then glinted as if kindled by energy deep within himself. “But be mindful not to confuse dignity and pride. They can be like twin sisters who wear the same dress to a wedding. It’s not always easy to decide which one to ask for a dance.”
I may have been embittered by the wisdom Carton imparted, but it was offered without contempt. Even this cell’s darkness could not barricade the jealously roiling within my eyes. As much as I admired Carton’s self-sacrifice, I couldn’t be so docile when confronted by rejection. While I brooded in the misery of this admission, Carton suddenly stood upright from the mattress and stepped two paces to the cell’s window. He then angled his hand in front of the tapered sunlight, inviting this morsel of energy to glaze his fingertips. The straw he held in his hand glimmered like a shining strand of wool, almost as if procured from the ram’s Golden Fleece at Colchis.
“As one man to another,” Carton proceeded, “the best that you can hope to do is love your wife without compromise. If this is still not quite enough to keep her soul content, then you must learn to rethink your present mindset.”
“How could I just let her go? I cannot live with the choices you’ve made in regard to Lucie. What hope do you have to ever receive her love after you’re gone?”
“The kind of love I speak of can’t be found through another person,” Carton whispered. His eyes then trailed to the dawning outside the window. “Look to where your eyes haven’t taken you before, Mr. Cobbs. There’s a sense of betterment in this place. But your spirit must be intrepid enough to endure the journey.”
My next thought caused me to cringe despondently. “That’s the problem,” I murmured. “I just don’t view my life as salvageable as yours, sir.”
“I must disagree with you,” said Carton. “I’m inclined to believe that you wouldn’t have taken the steps to visit me here if you were already resigned to surrendering hope.”
“I wish I had as much faith in my actions as you do.”
Carton continued to permit the sunlight to play upon his hands, caressing his skin with the delicacy of a woman’s touch. Before long, dark clouds devoured the sole source of illumination permeating this habitat. Carton then pivoted toward me, reaching out both hands with the straw now settled in his right palm.
“Give me your hand, please,” he asked. I resisted at first. It seemed that this gesture was somehow an infringement in the membrane separating his world from my own. Eventually, when it became apparent that he didn’t intend to accept my refusal, I extended my own right hand and set it parallel to his palm. Carton positioned the straw so that it touched both of our hands simultaneously.
“Something vital is disconnected from your heart,” he mused. “But it’s not too late to get it back again.”
“What must I do?”
“Recall it to life,” Carton advised, still balancing the straw between us. “And once you uncover the link, be sure to never let it slip away again.”
“But where do I begin to search for what I’ve lost?”
“I believe you already know the answer to that quandary, Mr. Cobbs. There comes a moment when a man must put down his mask and gaze at his own reflection earnestly. Once you accomplish this, you’ll see yourself for what you truly are, but more importantly, you’ll preview the person you’re yearning to become.”
Carton slowly lowered his hands, allowing me to cup the straw in my palm. His words echoed in my mind like an imminent storm, but I asked no further questions. Here was a man who navigated through the most tumultuous trek of his lifetime, yet he still recognized his own fate as being less essential than the destiny of others. He chose not to squander his remaining time on selfish ambitions that monopolized the majority of our kind. Instead, he bestowed life onto another human being with full knowledge that his Earthly ending was in essence the onset of an everlasting salvation.




Chapter 36

11:11 A.M.


By the time I awakened from this most recent episode, the bell sounded, putting an end to my study hall duty. Before my eyes fully refocused on the scene, the majority of students had already scrambled out of the auditorium, seemingly oblivious to the visual evidence of my dilemma. A few stragglers hadn’t bothered to monitor my condition, either. Surprisingly, Dale McCoy was nowhere in sight. But at least I managed to elude any further ridicule from Drew Mincer. Intuition, however, supplied me with a notion that we were predestined to meet again before this day was over.
The aftereffects of my malady remained onerous. My shirt was now thoroughly damp with perspiration. I anticipated such an outcome, so I stored an extra shirt and slacks in my car’s hatchback. Since I was scheduled to meet my wife in the parking lot in less than ten minutes, I decided to make a much-needed change of attire. Fortunately, the auditorium had exit doors on either side of the stage leading directly into a typically vacant corridor. Departing through this area provided assess to the building’s rear, adjacent to the tennis courts. I needed a little time to refresh myself, and going outside promised a brief pardon from the school’s musty air.
Aside from a pervading scent of untidy teenagers, a more peculiar smell lingered in this corridor now. This stink was familiar to me, as I already encountered it on several instances today. The noxious fumes became heavier than my plodding footsteps. What was it? Glue? I managed to move furtively along the corridor until nearing the closest doors leading outside. The odor intensified in this general area, but a whistling tune that sounded exactly like my wife’s cell-phone now accompanied it.
Once again, the crafty custodian managed to find me during my most vulnerable moments. I might’ve avoided his interaction on this occasion had it not been for his strategic placement in front of the same doors I wished to exit. He intercepted my progress here with his cleaning arsenal in tow, swirling the mop head on a floor that was already polished to an emerald shine. For reasons I didn’t yet surmise, the custodian’s straight-mouthed grin irked me. I wondered if he ever greeted anyone with a different expression. Since he blocked my passage with the fortitude of a linebacker, I had no option other than to entertain his meddlesome antics.
“Looks like the sun is coming out after all,” he remarked. He cast a quick peek over his shoulder before smirking, “I might’ve known you’d be sprinting for the doors the first chance you got, Cobbs.”
The fact that I preferred being outdoors as much as possible on sunny days was no secret to anyone who worked at this high school. The emergence of sunlight on this morning, however, pleasantly surprised me. “Is there something wrong about me going outside during my lunch period?” I asked.
“Doesn’t bother me a bit. I myself am partial to tanning rays from time to time.”
“I’m glad to hear it.”
“But you know how people around here like to chatter like chipmunks,” the custodian resumed. “Heck, I’m willing to bet the faculty gossips as much as the kids around this place.”
“Look,” I explained diplomatically, “I don’t really have much time for small talk right now, so would it be too much trouble for you to move aside so I can get through the doors without tripping over your mop?”
The custodian skittered to one side of the floor, waving his mop with a distinct legerdemain. “No need to get hostile, old friend. You’re free to go wherever you want. Far be it from me to infringe upon your duty-free lunch period.”
Although his sarcasm was irrefutable, I decided to ignore it by simply answering, “Thanks for understanding.”
“No sweat, Cobbs, but I wouldn’t get too cozy out there while strolling around the tennis courts. They’re predicting more rain, and I still see quite a few gray clouds rolling around in the sky.”
The idea that this custodian genuinely monitored my habits became more perplexing as this day went on. Apparently, this conspicuous hobby had occupied his time far longer than I realized. He knew my routine too well. Although I only had a few minutes before meeting my wife, I couldn’t contain my curiosity on this matter.
“Is it your custom to spy on all the teachers in this school, or am I just the chosen one?” I asked him bluntly.
“Spying? You’ve obviously mistaken my intentions,” he retaliated gleefully.
“I’m not so sure. It feels as if you know my business better than I do.”
“Well, that’s just your fertile imagination at work again. The truth of the matter is that your habits aren’t terribly interesting. But, as I said before, I admire you and wouldn’t want you to get the reputation as a loafer.”
“A loafer? Is that what you think I am?”
“Oh, certainly not, Cobbs. I know how hard you work. That’s why I got your back. But don’t forget about the chipmunks. Those little rascals like nibbling on things, taking portions out of place and filling in the blanks where they see fit. Come to think of it, maybe they’re more like rats than chipmunks.”
“So the other teachers think I’m lazy because I go outside in the sunshine during my free period? Is that what you’re implying?”
The custodian’s expression suddenly became as unreadable as a chunk of stone. His eyes dipped to the burnished floor, almost as if to scan for a speck of dust that wasn’t there. “Who really cares what they think, right, Cobbs? Let them hover around their stuffy workstations, all pale and deprived of supplements, grading stacks of papers that no one really gives a hoot about. If they were even as half as efficient as you, they’d be outside absorbing that UV light like slabs of blacktop.”
I probably could’ve rushed past the custodian without being accosted, but my inquisitive nature served as a detriment just as often as it was an ally. “Let me ask you something,” I remarked. “Is there any time throughout the course of a day when you don’t know precisely where I am in this building?” He continued to avert his eyes from mine, while pretending to remove an imaginary smudge from the tiles under his feet. I’m certain he relished tormenting me by stalling with his response.
“There’s more to this business than what you currently presume,” he finally replied. “Do you think this job only entails mopping up random puddles of blood and vomit? Let me assure you, Cobbs, it’s not as if I just schlep around this building everyday changing a lighting fixture or two. Those of us hunkered down in the trenches have a whole different perspective on the way things unwind in this high school. Considering how well I’ve inspected your habits of late, I’d expect a little gratitude.”
“So then you admit you’ve been following me around?”
“It’s hard for me not to,” he grimaced. “Believe me, sometimes I’m tempted to turn the other cheek.”
“And you consider this behavior normal?”
“Inevitable is more like it.”
“I don’t understand you,” I sighed. “And I find another thing puzzling. I don’t ever see you stopping in the halls to chitchat with any of the other teachers in this school. What am I to make of that?”
“Let’s just say you’re different from the rest, Cobbs. Maybe someday soon you’ll appreciate the point I’m trying to make.”
“Look, if you have so much work to get done around this place, how do you find the time or energy to stalk me? I don’t have anything to hide.”
The custodian continued to swirl the mop’s head on the floor as if he was tracing the tiles’ pattern. I listened to the mop’s wooden handle creak as he leaned his weight over the center of it. Rather than detain him from his duties any longer, I opted to end our conversation. But when I tried to maneuver around him and lunge for the doors, his probing eyes impaled my sensibilities once again.
“The back parking lot isn’t as private as you might think it is,” he said with a grin.
“Do you think I need privacy?”
“Who am I to suggest what any man needs? Besides, if I know you, you’ll do whatever you think is right no matter what I say. So go to it. Why waste a second longer blathering to a fellow as inconsequential as a prying janitor?”
At least the custodian’s conciliation afforded me with an opportunity to depart his company uncontested. As it was, I was already on the verge of being late to meet my wife. Maybe she deserved to wait for me, but I counted the ticks on my watch more fastidiously than a cardiologist monitored a heartbeat. Despite my delay, I still had enough time to change my shirt before she expected me. Yet, for motives I was just beginning to speculate, I suddenly found it impossible to pivot away from the custodian’s undaunted gaze.
As I pushed the doors open, a draft of spring air channeled through the aperture. Newly clipped bluegrass and crocuses perfumed it. The custodian lifted his chin toward this revitalizing wind, inhaling it as if it was laced with confectionaries. Then, in his slyest tone he chimed, “Ah, there’s nothing like a breath from Persephone’s lungs to make a man feel young again, am I right, Cobbs?”
“I won’t argue with that,” I answered, pacing outside.
“At the season’s end, it’s all about renewal,” he went on. “Whether it’s a flower in the field or a flutter in your heart, the spring makes the soul sing.”
The custodian’s poetic flair surprised me, but not as much as it would have if I hadn’t already conversed with him earlier today. Still, the oddity of his words caused me to reflect upon the present circumstances with Rachel. Of course, he couldn’t have known anything about my personal dilemma with my wife, but his voice’s ironical pitch hinted to the contrary. He seemed to have an uncanny prowess for dissecting my secrets. I therefore couldn’t dismiss his observations as hastily as I wished. I walked across the concrete sidewalk with the intention of keeping my eyes focused on the tennis courts. But the custodian’s whistled tune distracted me once again. He purposely positioned himself in the door’s frame so that his melody mixed cohesively with this morning’s placid wind.
After I strayed outside of earshot of the custodian’s concerto, my thoughts immediately wrestled with the plight of my marriage. A frank discussion with Rachel couldn’t be postponed any longer. My attention wavered slightly as I stared at a pocket of sunlight bursting through a plume of silver clouds. The sunrays reflected off random puddles on the asphalt that formed during the earlier onslaught of rainfall. By the time I reached my VW Beetle to retrieve my spare shirt, I determined that the real storm hadn’t yet arrived over Ravendale High School.
At any rate, I scanned the parking lot for Rachel’s vehicle during this reprieve. Even among an assemblage of more than sixty cars, I would’ve recognized her safari-green Jeep immediately. She hadn’t arrived yet. I checked my watch, confirming my own punctuality. When Rachel was running behind schedule, and this became more habitual of late, she occasionally sent me a text message. However, my phone showed no evidence of a missed message or phone call at the moment. After considering the potentially terse nature of our forthcoming conversation, I gathered she required a few extra minutes to rehearse her lines of denial.
If I had any leverage now, it existed only through the conduits of hearsay. I had learned to never feel overly confident when quarrelling with Rachel on any matter. She had a talent for trickery when it came to the spoken word, and I sometimes wondered if she would’ve made a better lawyer than a real estate agent. At present, my frequent headaches rendered me almost useless for a prolonged exchange of hostilities. Even as I stood in the sunlight absorbing the sporadic wedges of warmth projected onto my skin, I sensed another episode looming over me. It was no different from the storm clouds accumulating like a garrison on the horizon.
I sought no further shelter for myself now. The prospect of concealing my condition from my wife seemed foolhardy at this juncture. In fact, I needed Rachel to observe me in the vulnerable clutches of my internal nemesis. Perhaps if she witnessed the debilitating strife I encountered, she’d finally understand that my chronic complaints of ill health were justifiable. I didn’t beg for her pity, for that would’ve been as artificial as weeping at a stranger’s funeral. Maybe I just needed for her to understand me.
Before drifting away to my next expedition, I attempted to center my thoughts on more jovial moments of matrimony. Spring’s tepid breezes often had a potent and positive effect on my mood, and I hoped on this occasion it would’ve persuaded me to explore a province of mirth within a world tainted by foreboding images.


Chapter 37

11:16 A.M.


The land before my eyes was bathed in newness, replenished by early spring’s clement showers. A verdant backdrop presented itself to all those who ventured forth into the sun-soaked heath I now traversed upon. On each side of a loamy road, bending like a wiry arm between the landscape’s natural serrations, I noticed bluebells rooted in the groves like flickering sapphires. I flitted along this pathway like a feather entangled in a sweet zephyr, while being lured by the merry harmonies of birdsong. Farther along, this rustic trail unfurled into the midst of a quaint village that looked as though it was clipped from a brochure of medieval life.
A mishmash of weatherworn shops and misshapen domiciles had been erected in this yard. One common hostelry with a thatch roof immediately attracted my attention. I had arrived in the middle of a rather sundry gathering of travelers. Based on their varied attire alone, I determined that they had assembled from every corner and crevice of this society’s infrastructure. In fact, after inspecting this throng more vigilantly, I estimated that never before or since had such an assortment of unlikely characters aligned themselves for a singular purpose.
The inn had a shingle of dried timber fastened to its main threshold. From the moment I deciphered this establishment’s name, my destination was confirmed. In all of England’s southern countryside, there was but one dwelling boasting the title as The Tabard for weary palmers and the like. Apparently, my arrival coincided with a pivotal moment in this tavern’s checkered history. The bucolic town of Southwark bustled with the excitement of a forthcoming journey. From all the towns and villages propped up along the River Thames, this one—if for reason by accessibility alone—now had bragging rights to a pilgrimage of almost thirty strong.
The travelers’ motley garments spoke of class without explanation. Churchmen and commoners mingled among sovereign-minded people. But their mission, differing profoundly from my own, wasn’t just an unorganized jaunt into the unknown. If successful, this outing would’ve delivered them to a shrine at Canterbury Cathedral. Once there, they’d pay homage to the archbishop, Saint Thomas Becket, who had since gravitated into martyrdom.
When I first surveyed the hamlet’s yard, it was a serviceman from the Church who noticed my presence. The bulgy-eyed Pardoner welcomed me with a saccharine grin. His dreadlocks reminded me of greasy strands of hay. Not far beyond his offensive approach, I observed the portly Monk and an equally overfed Friar. The Parson stood nearby as well. He talked piously to a prioress named Madame Eglantyne. She clutched her coral trinket as if the Pardoner had already tried to coax it from her arm in exchange for immunity from her sins.
Other questionable types sauntered within range of my inspection. The Summoner, whose face was only marginally more pox-ridden than his soul, strode alongside me. Besides these tainted pilgrims, tradesmen and merchants made their faces visible in turn. A fiery-bearded miller, wobbling with each footstep, laughed raucously at a humor privileged for his eyes alone. Perhaps the single detail more distracting than the Miller’s voice was a hairy wart the size and color of a raspberry on the tip of his nose.
While meandering farther into the crowd, which left a sour scent lingering in both of my nostrils, I discerned the Merchant and A Man of Law conversing about writs, while the Haberdasher and Cook passed blancmange recipes to and fro. Even the scarlet-hosed Wife of Bath managed to circulate the grounds. She blatantly flirted with every male within her hemisphere, and flashed a gap-toothed grin that had the lascivious wanderers nearly swooning in their crooked steps. I also noticed the rather austere Knight atop his steed, and the flamboyantly dressed Squire twirling his curly locks around the fingers during a lyrical recitation.
Although I only watched the antics of these people for a few seconds, it was no exaggeration to proclaim that I had studied their habits for years. It seemed logical that I’d be able to mix cohesively among them. My place in their society had no consequence at the moment. Before I managed to blend myself within their varied ranks, a townsman sporting a brown tunic separated himself from the bulk of pilgrims. I noticed nothing distinct about his conduct, other than the fact that he was the most gregarious person in company. I assumed he was the Innkeeper of the pub, known to the local patrons as Harry Bailey.
The Innkeeper held a scroll in his hands and busied himself by recording the attendance of each guest. Upon noticing me, Harry forwarded an affable salutation, but I also detected a trace of confusion in his expression. He then scanned the parchment in his hands, dutifully trying to indicate my identity by appearance alone. Obviously, my unusual clothing revealed nothing about my character from his point of view.
“I say there, sir, in rather queer wearing, is it not the footsteps of a fool I’m now hearing?” Harry inquired. Obviously, my attire was strange enough to conjure comedy in his mind. He most likely viewed me as a jester. Since my true identity mattered very little here, I shrugged my shoulders and let him brand me as he saw fit. Perhaps he knew something about me that I neglected to distinguish.
“Are you setting out for Canterbury now?” I asked. I really wanted to know if Harry had proposed his contest for the journey; perhaps they had space within their groupings for one more storyteller.
“My lodgings are quite full, and the evidence is clear. I have twenty and nine pilgrims standing over there.”
“But I don’t spot a fool among them,” I indicated. “Surely, you and the others might enjoy a bit of amusement for the long walk ahead.”
The Host rechecked his records to verify my observation. Then, while leaning closer to my ear, he whispered, “Your eye is keen, although not so very wise. Sometimes a fool can don a clever disguise.”
“Well, in this case,” I declared, “The fool before you reveals all that he is.”
“A genuine clown you may in fact be, but I’ll wager a bet there’s a bit more to see.”
Since Harry relished the thrill of competition, I was hoping that I’d coax my way into this hodgepodge of medieval meanderers by debuting a story of my own. I then presented an offer that I suspected the Innkeeper couldn’t resist. “I’ve already tracked an untold number miles, sir, but I’m eager to visit the shrine at Canterbury and participate in the friendly contest you have in mind. If you’d be gracious enough to listen, I’d like to tell my own tale. All I ask in return is an invitation to join you and share in the other yarns that these pilgrims will speak in turn.”
The Host furrowed his brow, nearly knotting his thick eyebrows as he pondered my suggestion. He required only a few additional seconds to formulate his next question. “I don’t wish to sound in the least bit cruel, but what lesson can we hope to learn from the likes of a fool?”
“You’ll have to hear my story first, sir, and decide for yourself if there’s any value in it.”
“If it’s a good story you’ll share, I’ll lend you my time, but I must remind you, dear fool, it should be recited in rhyme.”
“I understand the rules, sir. When shall I begin?”
Before the Innkeeper confirmed anything with me, he turned toward a pair of pilgrims standing closest to us. With a hasty gesture he summoned them to join our conversation. I recognized the approaching Plowman by his dung-stained britches, and the Skipper by his woolen gown and a lanyard holding a dagger.
“Although I’m fully capable of assessing this try,” Harry stated to me with a glint in his eye. “Because it’s improper for me to solely judge on who’ll win or fail, I’d prefer some others beside me to evaluate your tale.”
With my captive audience now totaling three, I presumed I had at least a sporting chance to impress one of them. Harry then forwarded his directive. “Whenever you’re ready, gentle fool, lend us your voice. And then after you’re finished I’ll deliver ye my choice.”
“Good enough, sir, and gentlemen. The story I’m about to share is aptly named. I call it ‘The Fool’s Tale,’ and I hope you all find the meaning useful.” With their attention now secured, I settled into the delivery of my own narrative poem.
 
Long and far ago, in a land not so unlike your own
A King of regal status perched upon a gilded throne.
He wore a crown of copper over corded locks of gray,
And held a speckled scepter to direct his every way.
His eyes were sunken deep in the sockets of his face.
His mouth was slightly crooked with all his teeth in place.
The wisdom of his years showed with each and every wrinkle.
Some have said his age far surpassed the stars that twinkle.
But there he sat in power with his headstrong disposition,
Warring with any knights who declared their opposition.
Vainglorious to a fault, this sovereign man was often labeled,
But he had a bevy of disciples who dined devoutly at his table.
Yet besides his art for devising plans of imminent plunder,
He’d sometimes made a choice that caused his men to wonder.
An example of flawed judgment angled directly at his side
In the form of Queen-ship, who by extension was his bride.
Here this fine lady perched in exotic silks and satin lace,
Owning a visage as fair and smooth as a marble mare’s pace.
She was accustomed to the leers of numerous lewd pursuers,
Who would’ve given both their arms if only allowed to woo her.
With hair like honey wheat and two eyes to match the sea,
This queen possessed an elegance that filled all parts with glee.
But her youth was plainly apparent in all who viewed her beauty.
Some wondered how she managed to fulfill her wifely duties
With a king so frail and brittle, who could hardly stand erect;
Courtly rumors persisted of exactly when she would defect.
Eventually, the King himself espied her coquettish style,
And soon cast a watchful eye upon his Queen’s habits for a while.
But without the proper evidence to declare a sordid affair,
The King could not accuse her, no matter what appeared,
For despite the flirty banter that occupied the lady’s time,
The King had not another option to secure a woman so divine.
When he proposed the quandary, she simply giggled and declared,
“Thy thoughts are truly tainted by what ye say I bare.”
And so the King still brooded sun to moon each day,
While knowing that his honor balanced in the sway.
Without another notion to bring clarity to this course,
The King ultimately determined to consult an unlikely source.
It happened that a Fool had been appointed by the King,
(He often preferred laughter instead of bards who sing).
The King had grown quite fond of this jester’s timely wit,
So he brought him to closed quarters to see what would fit.
The Fool wore motley clothing that glittered when he walked,
And his cap had silver balls that jangled while he talked.
In his slender hands he brandished a stick with a kidney top,
Which he slapped upon backsides to ensure the laughter didn’t stop.
His nose was rather narrow, like a branch jutting from a tree.
He’d recite a thousand jokes, but never charged a fee.
This Fool was truly jovial and replete with quirky talents,
But nothing what the King would’ve described as being gallant.
So in a private chamber with not another soul around,
The King implored the Fool to reveal a plan profound.
“My Queen is supposedly crawling between sheets of sultry beds.
If only I knew the culprits, I’d seize their every head.”
The Fool scratched his temple, as if engaged in higher thinking,
Hoping to persuade the King without any obvious winking.
“My liege,” said the Fool without a trace of comedy.
“I may have a solution to end all thy disharmony.”
“Oh, I beg thou, Fool, please don’t steer me wrong,
For I can’t bear the decibels of my lady’s evening songs.”
“Thou mentioned of a campaign that will take ye farther west,
This shall provide the timing to give my plan a test.
I’ve heard of green-eyed kings, though thou may not be one,
Who don’t offer their queens an option until the war is done.
So find the brawny blacksmith and insist he cast and melt
The tempered iron of tall sabers to shape a sturdy belt.
When you depart the province, simply lock it to her hips,
For this shall repel all arrows, especially those with rounded tips.”
The King smiled wickedly at such a cruel and crafty proposition,
Which he certainly considered fair, due to all his sordid suspicions.
“I like this trick thou mention when I’m gone far away.
It would surely make my Queen mindful where she seeks to lay.
But when I come back home again and she strikes a tender pose,
How should I proceed to make the fresh Lady ever curl her toes?”
“Ah, here’s the simple solution delivered only from me to thee,
You’ll have the aim to unlock it with a turn of a silver key.”
The King clasped his hands in a state of lordly laughter,
And suddenly he didn’t dread all the days to come hereafter.
“Oh, Fool,” he declared with a generosity seldom seen,
“I believe ye have the antidote to thwart my promiscuous Queen.
But in the sting of battle, while I traverse the rugged moors,
I may misplace the key while completing all my riled chores.”
The Fool already surmised the king’s absentminded notions,
And with the chiming of a bell he set his scheme in motion.
“My Lord, I see thy point, and I’ve devised a foolproof plan
To ensure the key’s not lost when ye are at most a man.”
The King pondered this thought with a very skeptical sigh,
Because the current crisis promptly excluded every guy.
But then the Fool sharply rattled his bells to fetch a nod,
Which caused the King to gaze upon this clown so very odd.
“Fool,” exclaimed the King, “with respect for such a duty,
“Thou may be the final soul who I entrust with my fair beauty. 
So once the key is forged in its single silver casting,
I shall present it for thy concealment, presumably everlasting.
Others in my kingdom will soon know the key is yours,
But thou shall not produce it no matter how they may implore
Or try to coax thee in to partaking in carnality and deceit,
So to violate my Swan, who I imagine chaste and sweet.”
The Fool then struck his slapstick on the floor one and three,
Which caused the hardened kidney to split a tiny degree.
Then he showed this crevice where no other man than he
Should ever discover the spot to conceal the dividing key.
“In my stick I wave and whack is where the silver goes;
Thy Queen shall soon be straighter than an archer’s bow.”
And so the secret charge was set to craft a key and belt
So the gear may be locked over a quean’s waist so svelte.
After the armor plates were heated and hammered into form,
The King brought it to his Queen, much to her disgust and scorn.
Of course the Lady Swan was left quite aghast by its design,
For it completely sealed her front parts as well as her behind.
But the King’s mind was set to restrict her inborn cravings;
He even had the blacksmith supply a personal engraving.
So read the brief inscription on the device’s tempered lock:
“Tis the fairest of the maidens who keeps her treasure boxed.”
Although the Queen resisted, for she was a feisty soul,
Nothing within her power prevented her husband’s stifling goal.
When clad in her iron panties, the Queen appeared duly miffed, 
But her never-ending hollers did not dissolve her binding gift.
“Now I know it may be hard for ye to sense all my heartfelt sorrow,”
The King declared as he prepared to leave on the next morrow.
“But upon my return, by highest oath you’ll now hear me say,
I’ll unlock the latch so that we shall have ample time to play.”
The Queen was wholly livid, as would anyone in this plight,
For this type of confining iron had surely spoiled her free nights.
“This kind of jealous treatment won’t work for ye one bit!”
She sneered at the King in the midst of her hysterical fit.
“Whether thou belt is on my hips or upon the highest shelf,
Thou shalt never again delve in my trove of womanly wealth!”
Despite an artful pledge, the King departed his Lady’s side.
He then went to the Fool with the silver key he planned to hide.
And just as they devised, the King and Fool made good
By securing the silver key in the kidney bauble and wood.
“Now listen,” warned the King in a voice teeming with strife,
“I know there’s a man at court who’ll try to tempt my wife.
But it’s only thee who clasps the key to shed a metal wall,
Yet they’ll no doubt entice thee with favors big and small.
Don’t bend to their prattle, but dost record it for my ears.
When I return home again, I’ll reduce them all to tears.
Oh, Fool, I trust ye like a good brother, if I ever had me one,
And thou shalt reap a bounty when this is all said and done.”
“Fret not with ye journey,” said the Fool with a grin,
“For I shall guard the key and lock so thy Lady doesn’t sin.
Go and fetch thy spoils, and hoist a staff and flag so high,
While I station by the chamber to thwart the tricks she’ll try.”
Once the King was satisfied with his stubborn stand,
He assembled forty knights and divvied out his battle commands.
The horns and oboes sounded as they marched off in two lines,
And the knights all bowed in prayer in hopes they were divine.
But the crowd on hand today revealed a few faces very glum.
Perhaps they might’ve realized that their king was not so dumb.
The first to wage his luck at obtaining the priceless piece
Was a wily old tradesman who sold dead sheep for fleece.
Although his gait was hampered by feet both backwards bent,
He smiled and cajoled as if from the high heavens he was sent.
“Listen to me, Fool,” said the Trader with far too much flair,
“I know there’s a key to help me get the King’s lady bare.”
The Fool smirked and shook his head from shoulder to shoulder.
“Even if you were God himself, I wouldn’t let ye hold her.”
Upon hearing this denial the Trader became wholly offended,
Before reminding the Fool that it was more than wool he mended.
But no matter how he bragged or ranted, the Fool did not relent.
He sent the Trader packing with all his pride ineffectually spent.
Next came a Viscount, donning garments of red and gold.
Judging by the elder’s stride, the Fool perceived him as quite bold.
“Fool thou art,” declared the Viscount with a guttural groan,
“Dost thou expect to gain favors from the flaccid king on throne?
Now cast thy glance aside and let me pass the chamber’s door.
Let’s not pretend that our cache is so verily true and pure.”
But once again the Fool resisted the Viscount’s direct demand.
“I’m sorry for your troubles, but it is right here that I must stand.”
The Viscount clutched his fists and stomped his booted feet,
But nothing from these tantrums would beget a royal treat.
At last there visited an Earl, who wore fabrics of forest green
He brought a satchel full of coins of the likes that was seldom seen.
“Thou see my riches that I display in this fine velvet bag of black.
It can be thine to do as thou wish if ye take just two steps back.”
“Indeed, I’ll take three if it causes thee to forward all thy money,
But I’m afraid all the gold within Midas’s touch won’t grant ye any honey.”
The Earl then grumbled, “Oh, I pray thee, Fool, it’s been far too long.
Dost thou expect a man of my rank to ever see himself as wrong?
All I ask is for seven tocks from the courtyard’s tower clock.
My designs are quite plain, and in this you may put thy stock.
Please don’t make me beg like a scabby peasant or serf.
Accept my gold and thou shall have far more than ye are worth.”
Although men of every station fell prey to such temptation,
The Fool was wise enough to rely on his own contemplations.
“Thy offer is certainly generous, but it doth not wholly persuade,
For the King has adamantly stated all that he’s forbade.”
And so with three now denied the finest flower in the court,
The Fool remained resolute in all he sought to report.
Once again victorious, the King returned to preside,
But not for his monarchy as much as for his bride.
He ventured upon the chamber, where his Queen did stay.
She hadn’t picked the lock for over a month and a day.
“Good Queen,” said he without the slightest bit of shame.
“I’ve been gone longer than I hoped, but aren’t you glad I came?”
The Queen had no answer as she hid her tormented eyes
As the King observed the barrier still clamped between her thighs.
In a moment he deemed kind, he displayed the silver key
And held it in the air for his wanton Queen to see.
The purpose of his plan was to make her need him more,
But if he strayed within her range, he’d surely be lying on the floor.
“Thou may think you’ve stopped my hips from quickly moving,”
The Queen did say to make a point she believed worth proving.
“But let me now declare that I was not denied any male seed.
A Tradesman, Viscount, and Earl will all most likely concede.”
At first the king refused to honor the Queen’s confession,
Especially since the turnkey was now in his possession.
“Lovely Swan, I must inform ye now about my special key,
For while I was gone it rightly secured thy favors just for me.
A Fool I know hid it so that no man could crack ye seal.
I’ll call him now, if I must, to explain our confining deal.”
The Queen then laughed impishly and rolled upon the bed,
“Oh, King of mine, I find it funny that thou art so easily led.
Don’t ye see that there is no key to deter my nightly dreams?
I can make my heart race faster than thy childish schemes.
In this way the Fool may turn away as many men he wishes,
But that shall never serve to stop me from craving all the kisses.
Not even the god Hephaestus could forge such a metal sleeve
To shield my thoughts from wandering to the suitors who all cleave
Upon my milky loins with famished looks that I shall rightly feed,
For no lady who lives should unlock a belt simply just to breed.”
The sound of the Queen’s boast caused the King to then say,
“Vile Lady, I shall behead everyone at court to keep those louts at bay!”
Now furious with rage and despair, the King summoned for the Fool,
Who then scrambled toward the chamber, while hoping not to duel.
“My Lord,” replied the Fool, “Why send such frantic yells?
I’ve upheld the pact we shared, so I assume all is still quite well.”
“Tis the word from my Lady that has crudely set my mind aflame.
She speaks of mirth from my people, and now it’s ye I blame.”
“Fault not I, dearly King, for the single key is thy grand reward,
And we know, as my bauble shows, there’s no other silver stored.”
The King then dropped his hands with wild indecision,
For he didn’t know the truth with any real precision.
“Look at the King and Fool,” the Queen began to laugh,
“Now you see there’s no hope to keep me away from staff.”
The King then tossed the key to the floor at the Fool’s feet,
“Obviously, this device has failed to dissuade an entire fleet
Of men who’ve come to steal the nectar from my ivory bird.
How may I peacefully rule if I must watch her every word?”
The fool then espied a quandary that the King had overlooked,
And herein resided the reason why the Queen’s bed so often shook.
“Sire, if you’ll please lend me a few seconds to rightly explain.
I should have announced this sooner, but now I must proclaim
The Queen has been quite honest, at least in physical action,
But the lovers of whom she speaks may be an illusionary faction.
Thou see, the Lady Swan’s treasure box is locked up very tight,
And, as we know, without a key, the belt stays on all right.
But when sleep doth advance her thoughts to another place,
Nothing can prevent her kind from yearning for a younger face
Of the strident virile wooers who brandish more spears than one,
For fantasies such as these make a marriage much more fun.
So I’m afraid the belt we cast has no magic power to contain
The Queen’s carnal lust, which shall be quelled unfairly in vain.”
The King sunk his chin because he understood this plight.
After all, even he couldn’t make his Lady stay awake all night.
And so with frank disgrace he shifted toward his venting Queen,
Looked her in the eyes and said, “I’m sorry I was so mean.
But a king as feeble and old as I may never have another try
To show his Lady the love she’s worth until the day he dies.
I can’t stand to watch thy heart flutter while in the filthy fingers
Of the countless thirsty leeches, whose scent doth often linger
In the fabric of thy frilly gowns that thee wear upon each eve;
It causes me to wonder if ye have something up thy sleeve.
But conceding that a dream doth not an infidel truly make,
I shall grant ye a pardon because ‘tis a little more than fake
To imagine the untamed affection of a younger set.
In time I hope to heal from this, and soon eagerly forget,
So that we may one day resume this fond and merry life,
And to think I have a Fool to thank for preserving my fair wife.”
The Fool, of course, appeared humbled by the King’s confession,
And his ability to forgive the Queen for all her mental transgressions.
In a moment of high charity, the King then bent onto the stony floor.
“I’ve always been a cruel and nasty man right down to my very core.
But I know that a key won’t keep my Lady’s thoughts forever chaste.
For green-eyed jealously is wholly evil, and such a hopeless waste.”
And without another word to comment on all the things yet to be,
The King put his fingers on the floor to reclaim the coveted key.
He then forwarded it to his Queen with a respectful sort of bow,
“Remove the belt when thou dost wish, and then please allow
Me to visit ye in our marriage bed with all the sheets so clean.
I’ll even pet thee like a kitten—for I know how ye like to preen.”
With words so generous as these, how could Swan resist
To ever again envisioning the lure of a tawdry tryst?
“Oh, thank thou, Lord, for finally permitting me a choice.
When I at last unlock this belt, I will surely raise my voice
To summon ye to my chamber once the gear is down,
And if you’re really nice to me, I’ll even let ye wear thy crown
Upon thou head in this bed, while taking what ye desire.
Rest assured, never before, have thou felt such a fire.”
And now the King was mirthful, for he never saw Swan smile.
So satisfied by this he was that he left her in the room for a while.
This permitted the Fool and Queen to be alone long at last.
It only took a second for her to undo the belt’s rusty clasp.
And once the lock had clicked, the Queen released a sigh,
“Oh, Fool,” cried she, “take this key and never tell our lie.
Ravage me as you always dost, and I’ll never cast a frown.
Who would’ve thought I’d be taught to prey upon a crafty clown?”
The Fool simply smirked and tucked the key in his stick,
Being grateful that the King wasn’t too wise to solve his trick.
And so the randy Queen and Fool frolicked without much worry.
Now that the King had fled the room they certainly didn’t hurry.
When their business ended, much like any such transaction,
The Fool reclined in bed and sighed with complete satisfaction.
“Oh, Fool,” gushed the Queen. “Doth the King yet know our game?
“Fear not that,” the Fool replied. “In this way, the King is just too lame.
For as long as he treats a Fool as an inferior figure in his life,
He shall never possess the wit to catch an unfaithful wife.
So don’t occupy thy thoughts with such stressful speculation,
Because this Fool shall forever subdue all thy provocations.”
Now this tale ended in the fabled castle by a glen
If you had trouble understanding it, please listen to it again.


 When I finished my tale, the host and others within wind of my voice laughed
boisterously, which I assumed indicated that they were pleased with my offering. But despite the Innkeeper’s initial enthusiasm and genuine applause, he still remained reluctant to permit me in joining the clan en route to Canterbury.
“Although what you’ve said is fine in both meter and rhyme, I’m afraid the other palmers won’t consider it worth their precious time.”
“I don’t understand,” I said, revealing an expression of disappointment. “Even if I don’t speak another word along the way, I would enjoy hearing the other tales firsthand.”
“I’m so sorry,” Harry declined, “but in truth your tale is very sad. Many men here have wives at home, who they wish not to think of as unclad. But please don’t be offended by missing our little retreat, perhaps if you come back again I’ll let you use your feet.”
“Well, I don’t know if that will be possible, sir, as I have many other places yet to see. But good luck on your journey. I have a feeling that they’ll be reciting these stories for years to come.”
The Innkeeper didn’t attempt to read anymore into the words I presented. He calmly tipped his cap and rejoined the others in The Tabard’s yard. I left Southwark with conflicted emotions about failing to earn a spot among those pilgrims. But perhaps it was my own vanity obscuring the purpose of my visitations. I had to remind myself that the benefits of my own story helped them as much as their predicaments inspired me.
My true pilgrimage, therefore, didn’t include venturing upon the same soil as the Pardoner, the Miller, the Wife of Bath, or even the Knight. The province I needed to explore resided farther in the thickets of my imagination. At this point, I sensed my progress narrowing on the decisions yet to be rendered on this day. The clarity of this single moment allowed me to hope that no matter what direction I traveled, I’d eventually solve the riddles that hindered me for some time.


Chapter 38

11:19 A.M.


The honk of a blaring horn jolted me back into reality’s clutches. It took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to a burst of sunlight sneaking between the cloudbanks. But once the sunspots dissolved from my eyelids, I noticed Rachel’s jeep parked directly in front of my car. She stood outside the vehicle, jutting her arm through the jeep’s open window to depress the steering wheel’s center panel. I wondered how much of my episode she witnessed. Apparently, I must’ve appeared stable enough for her to assume that I intentionally ignored her arrival. She watched me with curious displeasure. But her only action, other than the obnoxious horn blowing, was to smother her puckered lips in scarlet lipstick.
I first acknowledged her with a slight wave of my hand, but I didn’t attempt to move away from my car until I was sure I wouldn’t faint in the process. When her impatience became too overwhelming, she strode deliberately toward me. Her high heels clacked off the wet pavement. Despite this being her day off from work, she was dressed professionally in a midnight shaded skirt and thin turtleneck the color of martini olives. I wondered, but did not ask, if she had been to the gym already. As she neared me, with her blonde hair unfurling like a swath of summer wheat over her left shoulder, I couldn’t help but to admire how her loveliness only enhanced as the years passed.
“Jesus, Corb,” she murmured in a voice pitched closer to shock than empathy. “You look terrible.” I wasn’t trying to conceal my ailment from her eyes any longer.
“Glad to see you, too, honey,” I remarked sardonically.
“What’s going on? You didn’t look this bad when you woke up this morning.”
“As you know, Rach, a lot has happened since this morning.”
Rachel made a feeble attempt to plant a phantom kiss on my cheek, the kind usually exchanged by relatives around the holidays who didn’t much care for one another. She grabbed my arm just below my elbow, too, but her touch felt as distant and artificial as those same relatives.
“Okay, I was wrong,” she admitted. “You must be pretty sick, but I assume you’re still going to see Dr. Pearson later on this afternoon, right?”
I nodded my chin, and gradually felt some vitality returning to my limbs. At least I didn’t have to lean against my car when speaking to her now. Rachel might’ve initially presumed that I was fetching for sympathy, but all such motivation evaporated long before this moment. I didn’t wish to be a fool vying for my wife’s pity, but I needed her to understand what was happening to me.
“My spells are getting increasingly worse,” I indicated. “I’m not in control of my own body anymore. “Didn’t you notice anything strange about my behavior when you drove up?”
“Not really.”
“Then you normally blast the horn when you arrive at a destination?”
“I thought you might be taking a nap. You get up so early.”
“Try again.”
Rachel paused, choosing her words as guardedly as some might ponder lottery numbers. In this instance, her plump lips pursed together like a rosebud. “I don’t think I should be the one to diagnose you. Let Dr. Pearson do that. Besides, I’m still convinced your sickness is related to stress.”
“Maybe you should look at me more closely,” I advised. I stepped nearer to Rachel’s body, catching a whiff of a perfume drifting off her skin that I never smelled before. This scent was mixed with a more familiar flavor of cucumbers and melon. “Stress can’t do this to a man.” I motioned to my pale, emaciated stature, begging her to examine the circles entrenched beneath my eyes like fathomless ditches. My proximity to Rachel caused her to flinch uncomfortably, but she didn’t budge her feet.
“What do you want from me?” she uttered, almost as audaciously as she’d address a nuisance.
“What time is it right now?” My question was intentionally flippant as I slid her hand down the length of my forearm, directing her eyes to my wristwatch.
“It’s about twenty after eleven,” she replied, but her gaze shifted to her leather pumps rather than to any part of my anatomy.
“I’ve been up for almost seven hours now,” I sighed. “But for forty-five minutes of that time I can’t claim I was really awake. Do you realize what that means?”
“No. But you’re going to tell me, aren’t you?”
“I’ve passed out fifteen times since getting out of bed this morning. My episodes have never been so frequent before, and I don’t think there’s any way to stop them.”
My wife latched her arms in front of her body as if barricading herself from a gelid wind. But I didn’t expect any significant change in her demeanor in regard to my health. It required less emotion on her part to simply refer my complaints to a doctor.
“I don’t know what you want me to say,” she said. “Maybe it was a bad idea for me to come down here and see you today.”
“Oh, I think not, Rach. We both know why you’re here in the first place.”
“Look, Corb, I’m just worried about your paranoia. That’s why I wanted to talk to you.”
“Well, let’s start off by discussing the note I left for you on the counter this morning. It got your attention, huh?”
Rachel’s mouth twisted awkwardly as if my tart words lacquered her tongue. At this point in the day, I presumed she would’ve devised a reasonable explanation for the telltale receipt.
“I can’t believe you want to argue about something so inconsequential as a receipt,” she remarked.
“It’s not just any receipt, is it?”
“You drive me nuts sometimes, you know that? I don’t even know what you’re talking about.”
“Well, then let me try to be clearer. By the way, did you bring the note with you?”
“No. Why would I?”
“The receipt we’re talking about was dated two days ago, in the morning to be precise. I know you like a cup of A.M. java, but since when did you start ordering two cups from Starbucks as part as your routine on Tuesdays?”
Rachel straightened her lips, spreading a crimson slice of defiance across her face. She had no intention of collapsing under such flimsy evidence. “Are you really going to make a big deal about something so ridiculous?”
My wife developed a flair for making even my most practical tidbits sound illogical. Over the years I learned that the better people were at deflecting legitimate concerns, the more practice they had at concealing the truth. Rachel used a rehearsed tone of incredulity to counteract my accusation before I stated it directly.
“These blackouts, or whatever you want to call them, are starting to have an ill effect on your memory. I go to the gym on Tuesday mornings. You know that.”
“Yes, that’s true,” I agreed. “But I also know there’s a coffee shop you usually go to that’s three miles closer to the gym, and you’d have to bypass that one before getting to Starbucks.”
“So maybe I felt like a change a pace.”
“Maybe. But how do you explain the second beverage ordered on the same receipt? Don’t you usually go to the gym alone?”
Rachel hesitated, perhaps sensing that I was baiting her into a trap with no feasible avenue of escape. It made sense on her part to stall in order to determine what else I might’ve known. She eventually forwarded a conventional response. “You can’t expect me to remember the exact time and day I’ve ordered coffee from Starbucks or any other place for that matter.”
“I thought my memory was in question here, not yours. We’re only talking about two days ago. You must recall who was with you.”
“Look, Corb, I have plenty of clients I take out from time to time, or maybe I was with Gloria, from the gym. You want to give her a call and check up on me?”
“Must I do that?”
“I can’t remember who was with me,” she repeated. “You’re putting me on the spot and I don’t like it.”
“Well, I’m sorry if my concerns irritate you, but you haven’t given me a straight answer yet. Let me try to jog your memory. All receipts have a time and date printed on them, so there’s no point in debating exactly when and where you were. Can we agree on that much?”
“Sure. I guess so.”
“The receipt I found in your purse placed you at the Starbucks off Hanover Avenue in Ravendale Heights at 8:34 A.M. on Tuesday of this week. Now, correct me if I’m wrong, but you don’t usually go to the gym until after nine in the morning. So in order to be at that coffee shop by eight thirty or so, you would’ve had to leave our house at least twenty minutes earlier. Does that sound about right?”
“This is crazy. You’re actually serious about this? God, you sound like a damn spy or something. And why the hell are you going through my purse?”
“Just humor me, Rach. I need to make sense of everything otherwise my head is going to implode. That may happen anyway, but I still have to confirm this situation one way or another. May I continue now?”
“Do I have a choice?”
I resumed my account of events without commenting on her mutiny. “Where was I…? Oh, yes…so by being at the Starbucks at the time indicated, that means you drove close to four miles past the gym.”
“I already explained to you I wanted a change.”
“Yes, and apparently you managed to do that by ordering a large Frappuccino and your normal regular-sized brew. We can put an end to this mystery right now if you simply tell me who you bought the Frappuccino for.”
“Wow,” she huffed exasperatingly. “You really have way too much time on your hands, you know that?”
“I doubt it.”
Rachel delayed with her rebuttal once again, but I let her unravel her tangled thoughts without interruption. “Seriously, you missed your true calling. I don’t think there are too many detectives in Scotland Yard who could’ve pieced together so much information from a coffee receipt, Sherlock. You’ve really outdone yourself this time.”
“I’m not proud of it.”
“Did you ever think that you might be jumping to conclusions before you have all the facts?”
“If I’ve done such a thing I’m humble enough to admit that I’m wrong and apologize,” I answered sedately.
Rachel rolled her eyes as if a petulant child pressured her into answering a question that she didn’t deem necessary. “Okay,” she started, “if you have to track my every move, I’ll tell you who was with me. Before going to the gym on Tuesday, I met Gloria. She’s having some personal issues and she wanted to talk. Are you satisfied now?”
“If that’s true, then why didn’t you simply tell me that to start with?”
“Because I don’t like the tone of your voice. You sound accusatory. Besides, I shouldn’t have to report everywhere I go or who I’m with to you. You’re my husband, not my father.”
“I’ve never asked of your whereabouts for our entire marriage—until today.”
“Well, now you know. But you need to stop worrying about everything so much. It’s obviously having a negative impact on your health.”
My reserved expression must’ve provided Rachel with the satisfaction of another conquest on her part, but this one would be short-lived. Before advancing to my next point, I let her ponder her own explanation, perhaps permitting her time to alter her story. After a few seconds of silence, tension flickered in her expression like faulty wiring. She nervously swept her hair off her shoulder blade while trying to probe my thoughts with glacier-like eyes. Perhaps it was a juvenile bid on my behalf to let her stew in the belief that she had outwitted me once again. Yet the broth I simmered needed time to thicken until no morsel of deception filtered through the spoon I served it upon.
“Up until about a month ago,” I continued, “I wouldn’t have given two thoughts about that receipt or where you’ve been spending your mornings. But for the sake of harmony I let some indiscretions by you go unquestioned. I won’t do that anymore.”
“What indiscretions? I just told you who I was with on Tuesday.”
“Have you?”
“Just stop with the games,” Rachel demanded. “I can’t stand this kind of jealous behavior from you. You’re acting so foolishly lately.”
“I’ll take the risk of being branded a fool if you’re willing to do the same, honey.”
“I mean it, Corb, you’re driving me crazy.”
“No, we haven’t gotten to that point yet. I’ll tell you what’s crazy, though, if you really want to know. Crazy, to most people in our neighborhood, is taking a dog for a walk around Lake Endelman before sunrise.”
“You’re not making any sense now.”
“Bear with me a second. As I was saying, most folks in Willows Edge like to sleep a bit later in the morning. Unfortunately for you, there’s an early bird other than me who doesn’t mind pecking out the worm.”
“You’re still babbling,” she insisted. “What exactly are you trying to say?”
“I’ll skip the theatrics,” I noted. “I ran into Mrs. Hart today while she out walking her little dogs. She’s remarkably spry for an old lady, wouldn’t you agree?”
Rachel appeared genuinely perplexed by my statement. I didn’t often mention Cora Hart’s name, and for this reason alone she knew I was building to a bigger climax. “It’s really not a big deal, as I see this woman four or five times a week walking the same route. Most of the time we just nod at one another like the polite neighbors we’ve always been.”
“That’s all fine, Corbin. But what does Cora Hart and her yappy dogs have to do with anything we’re talking about?”
“Oh,” I said, calculatingly, “I forgot to mention that she actually stopped and spoke to me today. We haven’t shared a conversation in such a long time. It’s not too shocking when you think about it. I mean I don’t have much in common with an old widowed woman who stays home all day without much to keep her busy.”
After I uttered these words, I watched Rachel’s already perturbed disposition nosedive into something closer to anxiety. As always, she was economical with her emotions on the surface, but I studied her habits long enough to sense a guilt rising into her expression and locking itself squarely on her quivering jaw.
“Why are you so suddenly concerned with that old woman’s habits?” she asked, tentatively.
“Well, since her husband died a few years back,” I resumed casually, “she doesn’t really come outside and socialize with us anymore. Remember when you helped her plant tulips and some other perennials around her shed’s lattice about five years ago?”
“It must’ve slipped my mind.”
“I guess so. Small gestures of goodwill are usually the first forgotten. Anyway, Mrs. Hart still preaches about church as if she has stock in it, and I’m sure she does.”
“So what? Get to the point, if you have one.”
“If you insist, Rach. As you may know, Mrs. Hart has sort of taken on the role of an unofficial Big Brother on our street. She keeps a rather close vigil on things. Who needs a surveillance camera when you have such a reliable resource living right next door to you, right?”
“She’s a persnickety busybody. Everyone knows that.”
“Really? I always thought you two got along just fine.”
“I can act too, Corb, just like you’re doing now. So, I guess the old biddy had some nasty things to say about me. Is that what this is all about?”
“Why would you assume the worst?”
“Because she never has anything nice to say about anyone, unless you’re in church six days a week.”
“I think you’re being a little too harsh on the old lady. And besides, Mrs. Hart’s dedication in her faith hasn’t hampered her ability to keep watch on the people coming in and out of Willows Edge.”
“Just stop the patronizing and tell me what she said.”
Following my wife’s direction, I edged closer to her so that our noses nearly touched. My eyes didn’t diverge from her fluttering lashes when I said, “According to the town crier, as you would call her, Mrs. Hart mentioned a silver Lexus being parked in our driveway on Tuesday and Thursday mornings after I leave for work.”
I expected Rachel to knot her eyebrows quizzically; it was a prototypical example of what liars do before opening their mouths. “She said that?” Her bottom lip was pinched slightly behind her front tooth as she searched vainly for wriggling room.
Naturally, her next response was intended to draw attention away from herself. “She should mind her own damn business. I don’t think this is the first instance where I’ve heard about her spying on people in the neighborhood. I can’t believe she’s trying to cause trouble between us.”
“Maybe her intention was to prevent trouble rather than create it,” I suggested. “But whatever she had in mind, I immediately started to think about who we might know that owns a platinum luxury car.” I sounded as if I was gloating now, and I almost felt ashamed of watching my wife’s futile attempt to concoct some excuse in her mind that was plausible to my ears.
“I have clients over the house on some mornings,” she proposed. “I don’t know which one of them drives a Lexus. It’s not like I pay attention to those sort of things.”
“I could help you figure it out if you want.”
“I’m sure Mrs. Hart is confused. For god’s sake, how old is that woman now?”
“Apparently old enough to recognize a man other than me entering our house twice a week at approximately the same time in the morning for the past two months.”
Rachel’s posture slumped forward as if she took a savage wallop to her abdomen. Under the circumstances, it didn’t bother me to see her wince while being wedged beneath the pressure of my backhanded interrogation. Her discomfited body language signified her guilt as scientifically as any DNA sample. I knew she had terrible secrets yet to divulge.
“Do I need to provide you with a shortlist of people around town who drive that type of car?” My tactless voice became even more indelicate as I pursued the truth now. Rachel’s silence verified that she hadn’t yet formulated any palpable words to separate herself from such an allegation.
“I know what you’re getting at. So why don’t you just come out and say it?”
“Because I’d rather you tell me.”
“There’s nothing to tell,” she sighed with all the theatrics of an amateur actress.
“Do I have to go to Leon with this information and see if I get the same response?”
“This is so stupid. Do you really believe I’m having an affair with Leon Chase?” Rachel forced a smile to return to her mouth and even managed to conjure up a pseudo-chuckle that seemed culled from a television show’s laugh track. “I can’t believe you’d think that I’d sleep with your best friend. You must have no trust in me whatsoever.”
“Let’s take things in turn,” I advised. “All I’m asking you right now is if he’s been frequenting our house for the past several weeks while I’m at work.”
Rachel’s eyes were pointed toward the slick blacktop as she mulled over the ramifications of revealing anything else to me. She needed some of her best lines now in order to convince me that her friendship with Leon was as strictly platonic as I always assumed it was before this morning.
“So this is the reason why you’ve been moping around the house, and always going on those long walks around the lake? This whole thing has been brewing in your mind like a poison, Corb. Can’t you see what it’s doing to you?”
“Are you going to answer my question before asking one of your own?”
“Well, if you let me talk, I think I can explain what Mrs. Hart’s prying eyes couldn’t see. You know Leon’s involved in some big real estate ventures around this area. Right now our company is looking to make a deal on a huge complex bordering the Parkerton Mall. Since Leon’s firm has contracts on most of that property, I figured he’d help me close out a sale or two.”
I wondered how many times Rachel rehearsed those lines in her mind before reciting them to me. But to her credit, it served as a fleeting chance to save face in this dispute. At least it provided her with a little time to mold her fabrications. “I guess this is your rationalization for Leon’s car being parked in our driveway on your days off, huh?”
“It’s not as scandalous as it seems,” she tittered. Her posture suddenly straightened with the strength of her retaliation. “Think about it. If I was really having an affair with Leon, would I be stupid enough to have him come to our house and park his car conspicuously in our driveway?”
“When you put it that way,” I admitted, “it does sound rather uninventive on your part. But I’ve known some impulsive adulterers in my lifetime.”
“It’s called networking. That’s what I need to do in this business if I want to keep ahead of the pack. Christ, I don’t want to live in your parents’ house until I’m as old as Cora Hart.”
“I suppose this is the part of our conversation where I realize what an irrational ass I’ve been,” I returned. “But something still doesn’t set right in my mind. You know Leon’s my best friend, but neither you nor him mentioned anything about this alleged real estate transaction to me. You would think that it would’ve come up at some point or another.”
Rachel dropped her arms to her sides and brushed her fingertips against my shirt’s sleeve. I wasn’t quite sure how to interpret this gesture, but I assumed it was a halfhearted endeavor to add some malleability to my rigid mood.
“C’mon, Corb,” she now chimed as melodically as her cell-phone. “We had a few short meetings at the house. Nothing happened. God, you know I’m friends with Leon’s wife, too. I wouldn’t do anything to hurt Peggy.”
“So if I gave you both the benefit of my doubt,” I went on, “you’ll be able to produce some paperwork or contracts substantiating this business. Is that a fair trade?”
Rachel withdrew her fingers from my skin as if it suddenly sizzled like a hot grill. “There’s nothing in writing to verify anything at this point,” she replied. “He’s serving more as a consultant at this stage. The legal work will be done down at my office at a later date.”
“How convenient,” I quipped.
“Hey, I don’t think it’s right that you’re making me feel sleazy about this whole situation. You’re either going to trust me or not. I can’t prove to you what I’m doing when we’re not together, so you’ll just end up thinking what you want anyway.”
Rachel’s strategy at reversing her feelings of culpability onto me had worked admirably for her in the past, but I was prepared for her wily antics on this occasion. Furthermore, I suddenly found the courage within myself to segue this dialogue into the core issue of our strife.
“You don’t need to be an aviator for relationships to see that our marriage is in a tailspin,” I said. “Let’s face it, Rach, neither of us has ever been very skilled at sharing our feelings. But I think it’s accurate to say that we have a few problems to work out.”
Rachel kept her eyes flitting around the parking lot as if she was searching for an object to concentrate on other than me. It took a few seconds for her to nod her head contritely. Her compliance in this regard gave me an opportunity to explore her conscience more thoroughly.
“When I think about how we’re not connecting on all levels, particularly in the bedroom,” I resumed, “it’s easy for me to understand why you’d try to replace me.”
The venom returned to Rachel’s voice before she responded. “You see, Corb, now you’re acting paranoid again. That’s exactly what I told Dr. Pearson a few weeks back. You just leap to these bizarre conclusions based on minute things. It’s not normal behavior. I’m beginning to think you’re obsessed with the idea I’m screwing around. And if we’re having problems making love lately, don’t you think your actions outside of our bedroom might have something to do with it?”
Rachel sounded so authentic with her assertion of faultlessness that I almost disarmed my remaining ammo and implored her to forgive my insecurities. Up until recently, that’s exactly what my wife would’ve expected from me. My reluctance to rely on instinct, of course, provided the groundwork for Rachel’s unfaithfulness. I paused for a moment so that my next statement registered as sincere as anything that I ever uttered to her until this point.
“I want to ask you something, and I’d appreciate if you could give me the most truthful answer possible.”
“What now?”
“Do you think I’m a gullible man?”
“Why are you asking me such a dumb question?”
“Because I believe only a woman with a very low opinion of her husband’s mental acuteness would expect him to accept the drivel you just told me about your dealings with Leon Chase.”
“You really are amazingly cunning at times,” she grimaced. “And to think that I came down here to apologize for my behavior this morning in bed. I actually felt like a bad wife for brushing you aside.”
“At least we can get to the heart of the matter now.”
“You know, I suddenly realize that you’re a very sick man, and maybe you’re delusional because of all these headaches or episodes that you’ve been complaining about. But I can’t talk to you in your present state of mind. So I’m just going to pretend this conversation never happened, and hopefully Dr. Pearson will figure out a way to help you.”
Rachel turned her steps away from me and started back toward her Jeep. I restrained myself from grabbing her arm, but I wasn’t about to let her leave so abruptly. How could I let her go? I wasn’t even sure if I’d get another chance to relay my thoughts in any coherent manner. Instead of physically detaining Rachel, I sprung in front of her, nearly slipping on the wet pavement in the process. I purposely blocked her from advancing any closer to her vehicle.
“Get out of my way! This conversation is over.”
“You’re used to calling all the shots in our marriage,” I countered, “but I’m not quite finished. We can handle this impasse one of two ways. The first and most hurtful choice is what you’re doing right now. The longer you hide the truth from me, the more harm it will do to our marriage. I understand that people make mistakes, Rachel, but it’s in the aftermath of their errors that determines a chance for any reconciliation.”
“I can’t talk to you right now,” she sulked. “You just see things your own way all the time. I never met a man so damn stubborn, even when he’s wrong.”
“If you look at this situation from my point of view, you’d understand my reservations to believe your story. But for what it’s worth, I still think we have something together worth fighting for. Now, if I’m mistaken, you can put an end to my misjudgment right now simply by telling me the truth. If you have any feelings for me left whatsoever, please confess to this affair so that we can at least try to move forward as a couple. But if you make me continue to search for the truth on my own, it will be the end for us.”
“You’re so dramatic. Haven’t you listened to anything I’ve told you? I already explained everything. Leon and I have nothing more going on other than a friendly business relationship. I’m sorry if you can’t accept that, but as I said, you need medical help.”
“Don’t make me roam around thinking that there’s something wrong with my mind. You might be surprised on how resourceful I can be if pushed into action.”
Just for a nanosecond, I sensed a flutter in Rachel’s eyelids, almost as if the few strands of sunlight from the sky thawed the frigidness from her pupils. With a portion of spring’s warmth encompassing her face, she appeared ironically angelic as she stood before me. I wanted to hold her in these seconds, remembering the purer days of our life when the clouds didn’t hang above us like a dank curtain of shame.
In my mind, only a man who was obtuse or acutely indifferent to his surroundings would’ve neglected to present the evidence of betrayal to his wife. Since I had never accused Rachel of any wrongdoing before today, I knew that her lies were potentially pathological. At any rate, neither of us was prepared to solve all our agonies in a high school’s parking lot. I decided to postpone our conversation until later on this afternoon.
“We need talk more about this later,” I told her. “Go home and think about what I’ve asked you to do. I should be there by 4:30 or 5, depending on how long Dr. Pearson keeps me. I’m hoping you’ll be ready to talk by then.”
“I already told you what happened,” she insisted, but her voice dipped off to whispery syllables by now. “I’m not going to let you patronize me into telling you something that never happened. Leon isn’t my lover. You’re killing yourself over an event that hasn’t even happened. You may let your jealously destroy you, but I won’t let it bring me down.”
Rachel didn’t feel compelled to offer anything else to me now, save for a sigh and wiping a crocodile tear away from her smeared mascara. I let her pass me unimpeded, while catching another scent of a fragrance not solely intended for my pleasure. We didn’t make eye contact again after she entered her Jeep and started the engine. She didn’t leave right away, either. I watched as she instinctually refreshed her makeup in the vehicle’s rearview mirror, even going as far as to apply another layer of cherry paste to her lips. I remained sullen as she drove off toward an impenetrable drift of clouds hovering on the fringes of Willows Edge.
I had almost no sense of accomplishment from this encounter with my wife, other than establishing that I wasn’t oblivious to her trickery. Yet even so, without a full confession on her part, I still reserved a flickering hope that I had misinterpreted the circumstances. It wasn’t my nature to tilt my head toward the heavens and pray to any kind of divine providence. But exceptions needed to be reserved for occasions of self-doubt and tragedy. Both of these conditions influenced me now. I had no way to predict what I’d do next, or to what landscape I’d retreat in order to assemble some type of message that might have aided me in the future.
Every nerve inside me pulsated with tension as I lurched back toward the school. Men more dignified and valiant than I have fallen in despair to these very same savage impulses. For now, the only method of preservation I had accessible was an escape into the uneven currents fluctuating within my brain. Once yanked into the ebbing darkness of my subliminal thoughts, the mysteries of my life deepened even further than before.


Chapter 39

11:32 A.M.


My current expedition delivered me to an inimitable backdrop. Even while cloaked by an inky vestment of darkness, with nothing more luminous than a quicksilver moon lighting the periphery, I distinguished the ecclesiastical architecture of a medieval metropolis. Narrow pathways of cobblestone served as exchanging points between Baroque villas and a network of arched bridges and facades crafted by artisans who chiseled marble and limestone as potters sculpted soft clay.
The majority of these structures provided direct access to the Grand Canal, which flowed like a swath of mercury throughout every visible passageway. As I walked farther along the curvatures of this marshy waterfront, I marveled at a fusion of Gothic and Renaissance-inspired edifices erected seamlessly along the flooded infrastructure. On the water itself, gondolas bobbed in a labyrinth of inlets along a lagoon. I couldn’t dispute my whereabouts now, for there was no other city at any period in history that quite resembled Venice.
The pathways I set forth upon soon led me into the city’s piazza, where I followed an amber glow of candle lanterns that lit the canals like a thousand shimmering fireflies.
The glow reflected off St. Mark’s Campanile in the Basilica, almost extending to the peak of its bell tower where a golden replica of the archangel Gabriel scintillated in the moon’s waxen rays. I then passed by the bronze Horses of St. Mark, where all four of these patina-coated sculptures were set into the façade of the Byzantine cathedral.
I eventually halted my progress at the mouth of an empty corridor, or what I at first assumed was a vacant space. Upon my second inspection of this area, I observed one man perched upon a docking post. He appeared gleeful in his occupation of counting what appeared to be a satchel full of gold coins. The colorless garments he sported dated his existence to the Renaissance Period. His cavalier shirt flapped in a sour breeze wafting off a stagnant patch of water in the lagoon. I presumed his age as no older than thirty. His smarmy visage showed no signs of anxiety. Had he not gesticulated and smiled with such animated delight, I might’ve viewed him as decorative statue commissioned for the square.
After I angled closer to his position on the docks, however, I detected an almost impalpable mischief festering beneath his brow. It was difficult to perceive this detail with a hindrance of shadows splicing his features, but I ultimately couldn’t assign any other mark to this character’s conduct. His Machiavellian tendencies served to halt me in my footsteps. As he perched on the dock, joyously clinking the coinage in the bag as if it created a sort of tinny melody, I thought that no man I had ever met before or since appeared so thoroughly innocuous and unscrupulous in the same instance. I already surmised that he had an innate but misdirected acumen for ensnaring stooges and noblemen alike into fatal traps of the mind.
This man’s nefarious reputation might’ve still been an enigma to the Venetians on this eve, but I already recognized him as the diabolical ensign to a gallant but self-doubting general. His covert obsession for disharmony was well studied by me. If this man had the insight to ascertain the revulsion I felt toward him, he might’ve unleashed his brand of maniacal vengeance upon me. But as it presently appeared, he couldn’t perceive me as anything more threatening than a stranger absorbing the aesthetic charm afforded by a stroll along the Grand Canal.
My movement soon brought me within twenty paces of his position, but I didn’t permit my footsteps any further intrusion on his territory without an invitation. I certainly didn’t wish to meander within impaling distance of the dagger strapped to his hip. I imagined that it was not uncommon to attract thieves when flaunting wealth in the streets after dusk, but this fiend feared nothing. Perhaps there wasn’t anyone residing within this Italian paradise’s boundaries to exchange wits with the man ironically referred to as “Honest” Iago.
No matter how ardently I loathed Othello’s duplicitous underling, I couldn’t simply ignore his significance to my wanderings. Being the utmost manipulator of his victims’ unguarded emotions, Iago practically impelled me to edge closer to him without extending more than a casual glimpse across the dock. My hesitation distracted him to a degree where he immediately ceased counting the money he filched from Roderigo. He grappled at the coins like an adder plunging its venomous fangs into green prey. Then, while still keeping a safe distance between us, I watched his elongated fingers curl around the satin pouch balanced upon his lap.
“Hold thy ground, ” he admonished. A malignancy then formed in his eyes like a bulbous disease. “Methinks I spial thy mobled breath, but grize hither and you shall hast mine dagger yerked at your lungs.” Iago already motioned for his weapon before I stated my intentions. He didn’t yet draw the blade, but I dared not turn away from a man who would’ve mirthfully inflicted a fatal wound upon a stranger if for no other motivation than to watch him bleed.
“Continue as you were,” I said adamantly. “Count your spoils. I assure you, Honest Iago, I seek nothing of what you have.”
This necromancer of false tidings leered at me as if my intentions were as monstrous as his own. He might’ve speculated on how promptly I identified him under the shroud of this summer night. After all, he donned the colors of this torrid evening like a bandit wearing a mask, but he concealed much more under his flesh than what any thief had ever designed to pilfer.
“There art but reasons twain for thee to lend thy feet to these waterways at this nighted hour,” Iago deduced. “Both art parlous trades, sir. Apt I am to knowst of which dost thou scour: pugging or tupping ‘til dawn?”
“If I must be truthful, I’m not searching for another man’s riches any more than I am for a woman’s company,” I responded.
Iago sniggered distrustfully at my reply, which was a common reaction for a man who uttered lies as often and instinctively as most people inhaled oxygen.
“Tush, Tush,” he simpered while compressing his palms together as if engaged in a ritual of mock prayer. “I prithee, churl, how you plucked mine name so keenly sans a formal greeting? Hath the noddy Roderigo beteem’d my nature onto thee?”
“I have no dealings with that fellow. He isn’t aware of my presence here any more than the others you have planned to sabotage.” My bluntness in this discourse startled even me, but I had only a short period of time to convey my bitterness toward his depraved antics. I therefore wasted no false pretenses on Iago.
“O, prophetic sir, why dost thou send such mistempered words to hent mine ear?
Judicious to a fault thou art. Unclew knowledge of thy delations now.”
My objective here beside this crook of hearts was still undetermined, but I realized that I couldn’t learn anything altruistic from his tongue. Not even an entity of divine origin could’ve persuaded this choreographer of cruel intent to refrain from his vindictive vows against humanity. Since I stood no chance to outwit Iago with insincere offerings, I reverted to challenging him with his own brand of hostility. I might’ve even garnered a few extra seconds of his full attention with my frank tactics.
“Our encounter tonight isn’t an accident,” I informed Othello’s foil. “I will resort to no trickery when speaking to you.”
As I anticipated, Iago didn’t reveal a heavy outpouring of gratitude for my pledge to proceed without any ploys of deception. Perhaps this made it quite easy for him to tag me as a fool. “Pish! Motley-minded one, unbolt thy intendments. Let you enkindle mine nowl to th’ hurly deeds thou hast assigned unto me.”
It occurred to me that Iago’s egotistical nature prevented the slightest indication of humility. He was most likely titillated by the possibility of confronting a man who presumed to track the tickings within his brain like the seconds on a tower clock. I was irked by the idea of conceding to any of his demands, but he wouldn’t have tolerated my company unless he believed he could have profited from it one way or another.
“I know how vehemently you despise the Moor,” I said plainly. “But I can’t claim to understand the precise reason why you’re so bent on destroying Othello, and I also can’t comprehend why Desdemona’s life and dignity are so inconsequential to you. Even the poor treatment of your own wife Emilia is a mystery to my mind.”
“Thou shouldst wag thy green tongue more auspiciously, or hast th’ lose organ whittled from thy throat.” Iago drew forth his dagger, and I had no doubt that he would’ve plunged the pointed tip through my torso if coaxed much further in this line of conversation. But I couldn’t back away from him now. His calculating fury, as much as I detested it, was exactly what I had sought to uncover.
“More than you presently realize, Honest Iago, I know you’re capable of speaking out of both sides of your mouth at the same time. But I must be transparent with you. In a short while, you will never see the likes of me again. And I won’t reveal your blackest contemplations. Yet, as much as I’m ashamed to confess my emotions to you, I am not unlike the Moor you plan to decimate. The beast with emerald eyes has bitten both Othello and me.”
Iago’s eyes transformed in to slivers of midnight. I likened his visage to the manner in which a vulture leered upon ripe carrion. This harvester of havoc suddenly gleaned an advantage in our dialogue. I watched a conniving smile curl his thin upper lip. He now flaunted a discolored grin that chilled the humid air circulating in this lagoon.
“Thy brain stews with a steamy pestilence,” he chortled. Since Iago now perceived me as too mentally infected to simply murder, he set the dagger at his side. “Had I espied you more keenly when you first footed hither, thy emulous eyne wouldst be not so hidden. A riggish woman hast sneeped at thy heart. Is that not so?”
“From all the men who I might’ve consulted,” I declared, “I figured you could teach me about jealousy. But to answer your question, I do believe that the monster devouring me does so for a good reason.”
“O, truepenny, sir! ‘Tis a purpose basted in luxury.”
“I’ve come for your bona fide insight, Most Honest Iago, because I know that you’ve skillfully bred this creature so that it may skulk rampantly through a noble man’s mind. But on the other side of things, what you’ve created you must also be able to destroy. Though my request contradicts your base nature, I beg you to teach me to satisfy the monster’s cravings.”
“Nay, lowt, such a beast’s appetite cannot be sated. It gorges within all men, ravenous to th’ final morsel of dignity.”
The proposal that I so beseechingly expressed onto this minion’s ear was countered by a malicious titter. Iago rubbed his hands together as if kindling a fire between his palms. His knuckles whitened as the pressure between his fingers intensified.
“O, thou shallow-witted mome,” he said. “’Tis a dribbling chore to un-seed a pasture prior sowed. You wouldst hast better fortune to snatch ripe figs from a tree in th’ season of Janus.”
“But there must be some way to stop it,” I insisted. “Nothing that exists within us can thrive without consent.” I presumed Iago’s amusement only increased because he had most likely never greeted a man who seemed so callow-minded in his assertions. The longer I remained in his presence, the more contrived empathy he spewed in my direction.
“Content you, sir,” Iago resumed, “and mark these offerings to thy memory. Accept no impawn to this matter: only what shifts canst be shifted. Likewise, th’ monster that juts on thy tender heart shall not be quelled by even a general most palmy.”
“If I am to believe that,” I conjectured, “then I am a doomed man. I won’t be able to salvage my marriage anymore than Othello will be capable of saving his own.”
“What wilt thou do?”
“I must stay away from my wife long enough to sort through my anger. I cannot bear to think what I’d do to her in a moment of unchecked passion.”
“Nay, thou canst not rely on such dull apprehension. Whereof thou dost perpetuate when compassion mews up thy invention. Fie, ‘tis but a cowish loon who flees a capricious housewife’s favors.”
“But I don’t have all the evidence I need to accuse her,” I said, attempting to convince myself as much as the villain who sat before me. “Despite what I now believe, there’s a slight chance that she’s innocent of my insinuations.”
“Zounds! And angels’ wings mayst be clipped beneath the weeds of which I don. Sir, be not meacock in thy nature. ‘Tis more prudent to taketh aim on a stale hiren and be right, then ‘tis to dally like a natural and be wrong.”
“I can’t give jealously that much power over my actions, Honest Iago. On the other hand, if my wife is telling me the truth, she’ll never treat me as before. I’ve already severed our trust.”
“Alas, poor cur, unjust deeds doth a hoard of maggots breed. Thy unpregnant progress hath potch’d her from your fat fingers. Be she Pucelle or a drabbing strumpet matters not to thee. Inland speculations now dint thy rigged ruminations. You must prest thyself for what must be quashed.”
“You speak of murder as if it is your common mistress,” I returned. “But I am not sorry to admit that I am unlike you.”
“S’blood! You rile me as the collied one doth. Ingest the medicine in quantities to convoy th’ creature! Anon thou shall mark a scathful force untraded to your history. In every tarriance, th’ lady rook you cling to loffes beside her lover double-backed in thy sheets.”
The image Iago cast in my brain inflamed my ears like a scorpion’s stinger, but I couldn’t permit his polluted observations to sully my judgment. There was nothing more I needed to coax from his shrewd lips. Of course the archfiend chuckled demonically at my plight, but what did I really hope to achieve by conversing with a man who deemed consorts as a scourge against humanity? I didn’t believe it was possible for me to despise Iago anymore fervently than I had before encountering him in Venice, but he far surpassed any of my preconceived notions of repugnance.
Yet my loathsome thoughts couldn’t be attributed entirely to Iago. Perhaps I detested him so zealously because I espied glimpses of my own frailties within him. I then conjectured that it was conceivable for me to imitate the ensign’s vengefulness, just as it was plausible for any man throttled by rejection and shame. But could I truly physically or mentally punish the woman I loved? Did Rachel’s crimes of carnality justify an action Iago would’ve surely lauded? After all, even the most righteous and steadfast among us yielded to persuasions of the flesh on occasion. I sometimes earnestly felt that a dearth of opportunity provided the strongest link in fidelity’s chain. But if even the slightest fissure revealed itself in this bond, the unfettered entity of lust awakened like a hibernating beast to devour what remained of untainted love.
In these seconds, my hatred for everything that encompassed me was unrivaled. Apparently, like Iago, I wasn’t entirely what I appeared to be to everyone. I departed Venice’s ancient aqueducts with a fetid breeze lodged in my nose. But even this rank scent couldn’t float above the odors of deception permeating my mind.


Chapter 40

11:35 A.M.


After I regained awareness of my surroundings once again, I realized how pointless it was for me to even bother changing my shirt. Even before I reentered the school, I sensed a fresh layer of perspiration leeching through my clothing’s fabric. It unnerved me that I had brought such undesired attention to my circumstances. The repulsion I presently felt toward my wife and Leon Chase had visibly transformed my disposition. It was presently impossible for me to conceal the resentment surging within my brain like an infected wound.
I managed to progress a few steps farther into the corridor before another ongoing tormentor reemerged. Evidently, my respite from the hallways hadn’t discouraged the custodian from tending to other duties. He continued to mop the spotless tiles with a technique that duplicated Van Gogh’s Impressionistic artistry. In spite of the custodian’s affable nature, I wasn’t ready to partake in his pithy tidbits in regard to my own welfare. With my current mood so unbalanced, I hardly managed to contain an urge to slap the mop’s handle from the man’s hands.
“I didn’t expect you back inside so soon,” said the custodian unctuously. I didn’t answer him at first. Instead, I watched him ring the mop’s head out into a plastic bucket of clean water. Amazingly, there wasn’t any indication of dirt on the floor or in the container.
“You’re still here?” I asked, somewhat peevishly.
“Just got back,” he noted. “Had a big mess to clean up down in the cafeteria. Those little urchins sure know how to ruin your day, don’t they?”
I almost let the custodian’s words sail innocuously over my head, but then I remembered that this man’s comments only seemed irrelevant on the surface. “What? Did they knock over a garbage bin or something?”
The custodian looked offended by my facetious remark. He then shook his head and replied, “I’m afraid it’s a bit more grim than that. A couple of kids got into a pretty big scuffle last period.” He continued to squeeze the water out of the mop before swirling it around my feet in a figure eight pattern. Then, almost winking at me, he remarked, “Wiped quite a puddle of blood off the floor. Nothing for the squeamish to look at, of course.”
“Blood?” I repeated. By now my eyes were fixated on the bucket’s contents. I didn’t detect any discoloration in the water, but still took the custodian at his word. “Are you saying there was a fight?”
“Why are you acting so surprised, Cobbs? That’s par for the course around this place. I clean up the raw spillage of teen angst on a daily basis.”
Even if the custodian was being accurate, and I didn’t believe he was, I refused to squander time debating the veracity of his claim. “Who was fighting?”
“You see what you can miss when you’re out strolling around the parking lot fetching for random licks of sunlight? I’m telling you, Cobbs, you can’t dawdle for a second in this joint without expecting to find yourself outside the loop.”
“Just tell me what happened?”
The custodian tilted closer to my ear, relishing in his superiority in the delivery of gossip. “Well, I don’t know if you’re familiar with that bully Drew Mincer or not,” he started, “but apparently he likes to kick the living snot out of hapless kids half his size.”
My heart must’ve hesitated for a beat or two as I listened to the custodian’s account. It felt as though he jabbed me in the gut with his mop’s handle. I already surmised that Drew’s latest victim was Stanley Glacer. My attention shifted away from the custodian momentarily when I noticed a few students progressing rowdily down the hallway. The trio of boys appeared animated, alternating ersatz punches at one another as if to reenact the pugilism they witnessed. I managed to summon the attention of one of these boys before he advanced too far away from me.
“Are you coming from the cafeteria?” I asked. The boy’s cherubic face was not familiar to me. I presumed he was a freshman, no older than fifteen.
“Yeah,” he bellowed, brimming with an enthrallment reserved for watching the pummeling of peers. “Did you hear about the fight?”
“I just got word.”
“Drew Mincer really pounded that ugly kid’s face inside out.”
“Are they both in the office now?”
The boy shrugged his shoulders and rushed up beside his friends. “I think so,” he called back to me. My intention was to check on Stanley’s condition for myself, and I hoped that the hearsay was grossly exaggerated. Before doing so, however, I thought about extracting a couple more pertinent facts from the custodian. But when I motioned back toward him, the man and his mop had disappeared. Not even a trace of moisture reflected off the floor’s surface.
Within a few minutes, I returned to the principal’s office. A potent blend of cucumbers and hairspray greeted me before I stepped within ten feet of Mrs. Finnegan’s desk. She perched officiously in front of a computer’s screen, barely acknowledging me as she tapped her manicured fingers on a keyboard with a stenographer’s systematic cadence. As it was with most of my interactions with Lemus’s secretary, she assumed the militant air of the Gestapo anytime I strayed too close to her desk. On this occasion, Chrissie might’ve sensed my anxiety, and I had no doubt that she recognized the aftereffects of my sickness. I offered her a compulsory smile, which matched the mendaciousness of her own greeting.
Although I stood in front of a counter that served as a barricade from Lemus’s office, I already scanned the two rooms situated behind Mrs. Finnegan’s desk. These designated areas served as holding pens for students in wait of the principal’s discipline. In the closest room to me, I noticed Drew sitting placidly at one table with both his arms crossed defiantly in front of his chest. His expression seemed typically devoid of emotion. After noticing me monitoring him through the room’s window, Drew straightened the middle finger of his left hand and thrust it in my direction. Had it not meant my teaching certificate and reputation, I would’ve charged into that room and smacked the self-satisfied grin off of Drew’s smug lips.
Before I exacted any justice, however, Mrs. Finnegan reminded me why I suddenly found the normally agreeable aroma of cucumbers nauseating.
“Mr. Cobbs,” she said authoritatively. “If this isn’t an emergency, you know that all faculty members are required to have an appointment before coming in here.”
“I didn’t have any time to make an appointment,” I insisted.
“Well, we’re very busy right now. You’ll have to come back later.”
“Look, Mrs. Finnegan, I’m already here now, and I’ve heard about the fight in the cafeteria.” My eyes remained darting around the office while I spoke, but Stanley Glacer wasn’t anywhere in sight. I assumed he was behind Lemus’s closed door. “I can see Drew’s up to his foul games again, but where’s the other boy?”
Mrs. Finnegan stopped clattering her white-tipped nails on her keyboard. She released an exasperated sigh before complaining. “I think this has become an administrative matter now. So why don’t you just return to your classroom and let Dr. Lemus handle this situation from here.”
“I’m only trying to find out if Stanley is okay,” I contested. “Did he come in here or is he in the nurse’s suite?”
“Maybe you didn’t hear me the first time, Mr. Cobbs. This isn’t a concern for you. We have the situation under control.”
“Can we just skip all this protocol and talk like human beings, Chrissie? I know that Stanley Glacer was in a fight earlier with Drew, and I need to find out if he’s going to be okay.”
“Are you always so persistent?”
“Only when I need to be.”
“Well,” she stated insolently, “Unlike some of us who pose as professionals in this school, Mr. Cobbs, I follow the rules.”
Mrs. Finnegan’s stiltedness was nothing unique, but her acrimonious tone clearly hinted of an unmerited contempt she felt toward me. I assumed Dr. Lemus had already briefed his secretary on those targets he planned to root out of this school like prickly weeds from a garden. I don’t know exactly what prompted me to engage this woman into an irritable exchange of words, but I suddenly felt invigorated by a borrowed bit of wisdom.
“You know, Mrs. Finnegan,” I remarked while leaning nonchalantly across the counter. “It still smells like ripe cucumbers in this office.”
“Yes,” she agreed, batting her eyes saccharinely. “It seems that we’ve already had this conversation earlier this morning.”
“But I didn’t mention that certain species of snakes emit a similar odor, did I?”
She lifted a quizzical eyebrow toward me and returned, “Don’t you have a class to teach, Mr. Cobbs?”
“Probably,” I snickered. “I just thought I’d let you know that it only makes sense for a snake smelling like cucumbers to seek out a similar scent.” The secretary’s eyes then centered on a bottle of lotion set on her desk’s corner. I made it a point to tilt my head toward the ceiling and inhale the fragrance pervading throughout the room.
“Are you intentionally trying to provoke me?” she questioned.
“No. I was just wondering if you had any problems with snakes in here.”
“Snakes? Are you being serious?”
“Only if you believe in those sort of tales.”
“Well, there aren’t any snakes in this building.”
“Maybe you’re not looking in all the right places,” I suggested with a charmer’s finesse.
I continued to gaze fixedly over Mrs. Finnegan’s shoulder, almost gesturing to Lemus’s closed office door with my chin. She suddenly lost her ability to concentrate on anything other than me.
“As I said,” she hissed, “we don’t have any snakes in this office.”
“Well, I believe you, Mrs. Finnegan, but those reptiles are known for their wily nature. They generally only come out of hiding when no one else is around.”
“I’ll take my chances,” she avowed. “In the meantime, Mr. Cobbs, I’m sure you have plenty of students who could benefit from your insightfulness.”
Our volley of derisive banter might have continued had it not been for an interruption we both anticipated. As the door directly behind Mrs. Finnegan’s desk unlatched, I adjusted my stance to greet Morgan Lemus properly. The principal exited his office with Stanley walking beside him sedately. The boy pressed an icepack against his left nostril, but appeared otherwise uninjured. It didn’t take Mrs. Finnegan more than two seconds to start flipping her hands through her tresses in a subconscious bid to display her femininity.
Anyone who cared to watch Lemus with scrutiny would’ve quickly determined that he had about as much talent for running the operations of a high school as an invalid did at being an aerobics instructor. As pitiful as Lemus was in his administrative duties, he may have looked even more awkward in the manner he carried himself. The balding man walked with a conspicuous limp, which was rumored to have originated from the aftereffects of a clubfoot. I wouldn’t normally fault a fellow for malformations beyond his control, but my intrinsic dislike for his methods compelled me to make an exception.
Lemus’s mealy complexion hinted that he might’ve been as internally lily-livered as he was on the surface. I’ve known invertebrates that displayed more backbone than this toady clod. It pained me to even acknowledge his authority with any semblance of professionalism. His pretentious bowties always irked me, too, and today’s polka dotted attention-grabber served as another mark against modesty. In addition to his brassy demeanor, Lemus owned another characteristic that was impossible to disregard. His left eye appeared disproportionately larger than his right, and because of his forehead’s oblong shape, at a distance it presented the illusion that he had only one eye. Rumors circulated that he had his right eye gouged from its socket with a pencil while breaking up a middle-school skirmish many years ago.
I never cared to substantiate the story’s credibility regarding Lemus’s glass eye, but the majority of high school students were pitiless when detecting flaws in those paid salaries to pass judgment against them. Some of them even showed a surprising capacity for ingenuity when assigning insulting monikers. Therefore, I cannot claim ownership to our one-eyed principal’s nickname.
The students borrowed from what they learned when studying Homer’s “The Odyssey” and combined it with a bit of wordplay to formulate Lemus’s soubriquet. They recalled a passage from the epic poem in Book 9 where Odysseus and his men were inadvertently trapped in a monstrous Cyclops’ cave. The name of this single-eyed carnivore was Polyphemus. By extension, the students generally tagged Lemus as ‘Cyclops,’ and I hardly managed to conceal a chuckle every time I heard it.
I almost expected an inhospitable scowl from Lemus’s paper-thin lips when he noticed me standing outside the counter in front of Mrs. Finnegan’s desk. Instead of acknowledging him, I centered my attention on Stanley Glacer. Even at close range the amount of damage to Stanley’s face was nominal. Aside from an icepack, I might’ve not even guessed that he was involved in a fight with Drew Mincer. Many of Drew’s former targets weren’t so fortunate following such a confrontation.
At this point, I wasn’t certain if my input would’ve served as a remedy, but I decided to fulfill my self-imposed responsibility toward the boy anyway. “How are you doing, Stanley? Are you okay?” Before he attempted to respond, Lemus cast a prodigious shadow in front of me. The principal wasn’t competent of much else other than leveling his weight against anyone who dared to intersect the boundaries he had drawn to divide us.
As always, Lemus revealed no immediate reaction to my contributions. Rather than address me directly, he pivoted toward his secretary to express his power obliquely. “Mrs. Finnegan, I don’t recall having an appointment scheduled with Mr. Cobbs this morning.”
“Mr. Cobbs doesn’t have an appointment,” she answered while flashing a disdainful grin toward me.
Lemus had an ambiguous way of taunting the faculty without stating his ire, and most of my colleagues slunk away from his office like scolded puppies. In this instance, I held my position as if my feet were entangled in the roots of a cucumber patch.
“This fight wasn’t Stanley’s fault,” I insisted. “I’m just here to verify that.”
Lemus’s one good eye enlarged like a yellow spotlight cast upon a prisoner as he focused it unsteadily upon me. “Excuse me,” he interjected. “I’m quite capable of determining who is accountable for what around this school without your opinion.”
I simply placated the principal by saying, “I agree, Dr. Lemus. But I think we both know who’s at fault here.” My stare beamed toward the adjacent room where Drew Mincer sat waiting for punishment. “You need to get that bully out of this school before he really hurts someone.”
“The policies and procedures for discipline, Mr. Cobbs, will be my decision, not yours. I hope that I’m being perfectly clear with you.”
Rather than fan Lemus’s volatility, I concentrated on Stanley’s expression, which was blank as a crisp sheet of notebook paper. It surprised me that the boy forwarded no apparent emotion. He didn’t even bother to look at me. After a few additional seconds of avoidance, Stanley looked sheepishly at Lemus and murmured, “I’d like to go back to class now.”
“I think that’s a good idea,” Lemus remarked to him. “But are you sure you’re not hurt? If you’re not up to finishing school today, Stanley, I can call your parents and you can go home early.”
“No,” replied Stanley without hesitation. “I have to get my study guide for my statistics class. Besides, I’m feeling fine.” Stanley’s insistence to remain in school struck me as a tad unusual, especially since the majority of students in his position would’ve opted for an excuse to leave school with the principal’s permission. In this case, Stanley pulled the icepack away from his nose to display the full extent of his injury. His nose was slightly swollen with a dried dash of blood encircling his left nostril.
“Looks like the bleeding stopped,” Lemus noted.
“You see,” said Stanley. “No big deal.”
The principal might’ve been content to let the matter end here, but I still needed to clarify my intentions. Maybe I demonstrated too much compassion for Stanley in this instance, but I felt obligated beyond the promise I had made to Mrs. Fassal.
“When you’re ready, Stanley,” I offered, “I’ll walk you to your next class.”
Stanley, Lemus, and Mrs. Finnegan appeared simultaneously bemused by my sudden display of altruism. The boy flipped the icepack on the counter and wiped crumbled flecks of blood from his face. “I’m ready to go now,” he announced.
I watched Lemus snidely pondering my suggestion, although since it was met with no objection from Stanley, he had no choice but to relent. “I won’t keep you from your studies,” he told Stanley, “and since Mr. Cobbs has so graciously volunteered to escort you to class, I will let you go now.”
Stanley scampered away from Lemus and continued to cross through the counter’s narrow opening. I followed the boy out of the office, but sensed Lemus watching me as if I had an ulterior objective for my actions. I gathered that Stanley felt no aftereffects from the altercation with Drew. He dashed quickly through the corridor, even though he knew that I intentionally tracked his footsteps. He eventually paused at his locker, while doing his best to ignore my presence. When I stopped next to the boy, partially depleted of breath, he glared at me as if I had offended him in someway.
“What do you want, Mr. Cobbs?” he snapped. Stanley faced his locker now, dialing the lock’s combination skittishly. “I don’t need you to walk me to class.”
“Don’t you want to talk about what happened?” I countered. I watched patiently as Stanley clicked open the locker’s door and pulled a textbook from a neat stack of papers on the upper shelf.
“I don’t have anything else to say,” he uttered while still inspecting his locker’s orderly interior. “Besides, you and me both know that Drew’s behavior can’t be stopped by a suspension or whatever. So big deal. I got a bloody nose and a bucket of trash dumped on my head. And Drew gets three days off from school. That’s fair, right?”
I realized, of course, that Stanley had become desensitized to the abuse thrust upon him by his classmates, but it still bothered me that he accepted it without any visible aggression. “There’s no denying that Drew Mincer is a creep, Stanley. I just hope Dr. Lemus expels him this time around. It’s the only solution left as far as I can tell.”
Stanley said nothing in the form of words, but he slammed his locker’s door with more force than necessary. He seemed strangely aloof when commenting, “Let’s face it, Mr. Cobbs, things aren’t ever gonna change around here.” He still refused to look at me when speaking his mind. “I’ll be graduating soon, and with any luck I won’t be forced to socialize with people who hate my guts because of the way I look. But I know for sure that they’ll be another kid just like me standing in this hallway next year waiting to get humiliated by guys like Drew Mincer.”
“I’d like to believe that you’re exaggerating,” I said, disheartened by Stanley’s insight.
“But you know I’m not, Mr. Cobbs. It’s a never-ending cycle, and it doesn’t matter how many rules you put in place to try and prevent kids from harassing one another. Bullies will always prey on the weak. It’s practically a law of nature.”
“There must be a way to curtail it,” I insisted. “We have to try something.”
Stanley looked at me dispassionately and shook his head as if he was the teacher and I the student. “If there is a way to stop bullying,” he mumbled, “it won’t be any of the adults around here who’ll make it happen.” The boy’s eyes then sailed away from me, almost as if lured by a vision unseen by me. I remained silent, perhaps mulling over another flashback from my own youth. For whatever reason, I reached my hand out and tugged gently on Stanley’s shoulder. My gesture stalled the boy momentarily.
“Before you leave,” I told him, “I want you to understand that I tried to talk to Drew earlier this morning. I know you didn’t want me to get involved, but I couldn’t stand back and let a fight happen without trying to stop it.”
“Why are you telling me this now?”
“I just wanted you to know that some people really do care.”
Still playing the role of an educator, Stanley glanced at me with a heightened level of eruditeness. “So I guess we both learned something from this whole event,” he said almost cloyingly. “Today’s lesson, Mr. Cobbs, is that you now know how little influence you have around here. I hope you don’t mind taking advice from a teenager, but remember this day the next time you feel like making an impact. Take it from someone who knows the truth. It’s no fun being insignificant, and it hurts even more when you find out that your best effort just isn’t good enough.”
Stanley brushed my hand away from his shoulder and proceeded down the hallway. I stood mute and reflected upon the sagacious advice from a boy who seemed to possess a wisdom that belied his age. Something in his stride, however, indicated that he wasn’t resigned to letting this incident go away as easily as he wanted me to believe. He suddenly moved like a kid who felt vindicated by his resolutions rather than defeated.


Chapter 41

11:53 A.M.


Seventh period almost commenced without any further distractions, but as I passed a breezeway en route to my next class, I noticed Desiree Meadows standing alone beside a water fountain. She certainly wasn’t sipping any stagnant spillage from that antique dispenser, but her listless mannerisms made her appear as lost as a freshman on the first day of school. Her pale arms dangled languorously at her sides, and she kept glancing at her watch as if waiting for a tardy friend’s arrival. Naturally, I thought about the dire circumstances linking her to Shawn Winger, but I wasn’t yet prepared to intercede on this matter.
At present I couldn’t determine who deserved more sympathy. Was it the impregnated teenager? Even now she appeared strangely benevolent in her sexuality, incapable of deliberately cajoling her married coach into an affair. What starry-eyed dreams did the little waif whisper in his ear? Or was it Shawn’s own deviousness that required deeper reflection? He was a man who never complained about his demure wife until today. I presumed Jill Winger thought as highly about her husband as everyone else in this school.
Temptation to reprimand a wrongdoing lingered on my lips as I walked past Desiree, but I couldn’t be so impulsive. Additionally, Stanley’s parting advice to me still jolted around inside my head like a misfired pinball. I wasn’t prepared for any further rejection at the moment. Adding to this dilemma, many students filed into the corridor from the gymnasium. Now wasn’t the proper time to kindle any smoldering emotions in Desiree. She had enough to contend with on this morning without listening to my half-hearted homilies.
Any attempt on my part to arrive in my classroom on time for next period was becoming increasingly remote. Students whom I didn’t typically see outside of class more than once a day now sought me out of the crowd. One such example was Mitch Dalton. Like a seasoned defensive player, he knew precisely where to intercept me. As I approached my classroom, Mitch positioned himself directly in front of the door. I had no other choice than to converse with him.
“Hey, Mr. Cobbs, do you got a minute?”
I owed Mitch at least sixty seconds of my time for helping tame Drew Mincer outside the auditorium earlier today. Of course, his inquiry was purely rhetorical, for he had no intention of backing away from the door if I denied his request.
“What’s on your mind, Mitch?”
For a behemoth donning a football jersey, Mitch suddenly looked conspicuously deflated. Whatever he wanted to say, he didn’t wish to broadcast it beyond the range of my ears. “I was sort of thinkin’ about what you said before,” he whispered. “You know, about the football stuff.”
Over the years I had learned to infer the gist of my students’ conversations even when they were being unintentionally vague. In this instance, I presumed Mitch attempted to covertly refer to his steroid usage. His twitching eyes and quivering jaw plainly revealed his embarrassment, so I simply nodded my chin to indicate that I was attentive to his concerns.
“I don’t want to be on the juice anymore,” he admitted. “I think I can play a decent game without it.”
“I think so too, Mitch,” I concurred.
“The coaches always say we all need an extra edge, but it’s not worth it. I don’t want to feel so tense all the time. No amount of tackles is worth my sanity.”
I didn’t know if I trusted Mitch to honor his own convictions. He rarely followed up with any promises related to his studies, and I had almost surrendered to the inevitability that he’d end up a dejected ex-jock by the finals of his first semester at college. But at least he touched upon his reliance to the performance enhancing drugs that plagued most sports programs for longer than anyone cared to admit.
“I’m glad you’re finally seeing the dangers of those drugs,” I said.
“It didn’t really click with me until I talked to you before,” Mitch continued. “No scholarship is gonna make me do anything stupid. My parents just want me to get into a good school like my sister. But they don’t see me doing it without playing ball.”
“And do they have a plan for you if the football scholarship doesn’t pan out?”
“Not really. My dad just keeps tellin’ me not to blow it.”
“Does he or your mother know that you’re taking steroids?”
Mitch cleared his throat as if he had a piece of his own Adam’s apple lodged in it. He then looked around nervously before responding to my blunt question. “They never say nothin’ to me about it.”
“So what do you want to do next, Mitch? If you truly want to make a change in your lifestyle, then you’re the only one who can do it.”
I watched Mitch fumble through a pile of papers he had collected in a blue folder. He had difficulty pinching a few papers between his sausage-sized fingers, but he eventually displayed an application. “I went down to the guidance office last period and picked up some information on a few local colleges. I guess I need to write a couple of essays before sending them out though.”
“That’s a standard procedure for most colleges nowadays,” I affirmed.
“Yeah,” said Mitch in a hollow voice. “But I guess you sort of know that I ain’t so good at writing essays, Mr. Cobbs. So I was wondering if you could help me out?”
I instinctually never rejected a student’s request for help, and Mitch’s sudden enthusiasm for accomplishing something on his own provided me with a fleeting moment of inspiration. “I’d be happy to help you with the applications, Mitch.”
A sense of relief washed the tension from Mitch’s protruding brow. He looked like an oversized kid who wanted to squeeze the life out of something with a hug, but I’m grateful that he exercised enough restraint to maintain his composure.
“Thanks a lot,” he gushed. “I mean that’s really cool of you, Mr. Cobbs. I know I haven’t been your greatest student, but I promise I’m gonna try harder. Ms. Garland said that most of these colleges have strict deadlines, so I ain’t got much time to get these things done.”
“How much time do you have before the applications are due?”
“Basically none,” he replied. “I’ll need your help real soon.”
“How soon?”
“I was thinkin’ like today after school. I gotta have this one application in before the weekend.”
“Today?” I repeated in disbelief, knowing that of all days this one was the most inconvenient for me to schedule a meeting with Mitch. As much as I wanted to fulfill my promise, I simply needed more time. “I can’t meet with you after school today, Mitch. I have an important doctor’s appointment to go to.”
I watched Mitch’s face flood like a crimson tide as he processed my denial. His tone became gruffer, too. “C’mon, Mr. Cobbs. This is a huge step for me. You got to help me out.”
“I will help you,” I insisted, “but you have to be reasonable. I can’t just cancel an appointment with my doctor the last minute.”
“So what am I supposed to do now?”
“Look, I know there are a few other teachers in this school who’d be willing to look at your college essays. Why don’t you ask them?”
“Nah,” Mitch huffed. “I can’t do that.”
“Why not?”
“’Cause I don’t got any essays to show them yet.”
It then occurred to me that Mitch’s idea of seeking assistance in the writing process involved me composing the entire piece alone. Of course, I also realized that this boy’s temperament was as unstable as a trailer park in the midst of a tornado. His forehead had already begun to perspire profusely, which was a telltale sign of a spike in blood pressure. The tendons in his neck suddenly looked like engorged fire hoses, and his eyes narrowed as if the pressure behind his temples was too unbearable to contain. It didn’t require an expert in physiology to confirm the repercussions of steroid usage. I had only seconds to quell the storm raging within him.
“I know you’re frustrated, Mitch, but there’s always tomorrow. Maybe we can arrange to meet then.” Mitch clenched his fingers around the papers he held to the point where they crinkled.
“Why do you got to make it hard for me, Mr. Cobbs?”
Students like Mitch didn’t quite understand that the “me-first” syndrome worked better with their parents than with teachers. It wasn’t unusual for teenagers to assume that their problems eclipsed everything else going on in the world. I had learned to cope with the egotistic mentalities parading through these corridors, but I was also weary from the confrontations after the students figured out that they weren’t truly as entitled as they were once told.
Mitch eventually loosened his grip on the papers and returned them to his folder. I must’ve appeared ill enough for him to accept the fact that medical treatment was necessary. “So what’s wrong with you anyway?” he inquired neutrally.
I shrugged my shoulders and answered, “No one really knows yet, Mitch, or if they do, they’re not telling me.”
“That really sucks, man.” I sensed the hulking boy’s gaze studying me as closely as he might’ve scrutinized the opposition’s playbook. “Come to think of it, it does seem like you lost a lot of weight lately. And you look kind of tired, too.”
“You’re right on both counts.” When identifying defects in adults, a classroom of high school seniors handled the task more efficiently than a team of elite doctors.
“I feel kind of bad saying so,” Mitch continued, “but some of us thought you might be partying too much.”
I didn’t know if I should’ve been flattered by Mitch’s erroneous assumption that I actually had maintained the air of socializing outside of school. After all, it didn’t bode well for English teachers when the students started to perceive you as a regular human being.
“I really look that haggard, huh?” I asked.
Mitch nodded his head timidly before confessing, “Sort of. I’m not trying to make you feel weird or anything, Mr. Cobbs. I just never thought about you being sick.”
It was a foolish pretense on my part to think that I could’ve shielded my ailment from so many pairs of watchful eyes. Even a casual observer would’ve detected the deterioration of my health. I felt a sense of relief with Mitch now, almost as if his words unshackled me from a lodestone pinning me to unrealistic expectations. In light of Mitch’s honesty, it seemed appropriate that I amended my earlier statement.
“I’ll tell you what, Mitch,” I offered. “If nothing goes horribly wrong, I should be finished at the doctor’s office by 4 o’clock or so. If you meet me in my classroom at that time with at least a rough outline of what you plan to write, I might be able to put a few paragraphs together for you.”
By now, any remnants of Mitch’s percolating anger receded dramatically. A mode of calmness smoothed the grooves from his creased forehead. He even appeared humbled by my willingness to accommodate his needs in spite of the crisis I currently endured. “Four o’clock,” said Mitch, making a mental note of my words. “You got it, Mr. Cobbs. I’ll be here.”
“Good enough then, but don’t forget your rough draft.”
“I won’t. You know, I’m sorry I got a little ticked off a few minutes ago.”
“No need to apologize,” I returned. “Besides, as far as I can tell, you’re already taking steps to fix that part of your personality.”
Mitch shook his head contritely and proceeded down the hallway with a bounce in his stride that he might’ve not utilized since his last football game. With another issue at least temporarily addressed, I turned my attention toward my classroom. The students for seventh period had already assembled in the room. This particular bunch of kids was my least animated audience on any given day. I attributed their lethargy to poor timing, as this group came to me right after lunch, and most of them would’ve rather napped than dissect analogies from early American literature.
Even while I remained outside the classroom to align my thoughts, they waited unresponsively behind their desks. Some of them had already lowered their faces onto their desktops and folded their arms to block out any obtrusive light. They were like a den of vampire bats awaiting dusk. I imagined that tributaries of spittle had already formed puddles beneath a collection of heads that seemed detached from spinal cords. A few others tinkered restively with their cell-phones, lending credence to my hypothesis that not even a state of somnolence derailed their ability to transmit mindless data to one another.
My decision to linger in the hallway for a few additional seconds proved initially more appetizing to the eyes. I didn’t expect to see Miss Hannah Dixon prancing down the corridor toward me. Several boys always followed her like plankton hitching a ride on a dorsal fin. Of course this fair-haired charmer relied on a series of catcalls with the same fervency that an entertainer fed off applause. I couldn’t deny that my pulse quickened every time I heard her heels clacking off the tiles outside my classroom. Her honey-scented perfume had the potency to attract a hive of bees on this occasion. As the temptress progressed closer to me, however, I noticed that her patented smile was strangely absent from her face. In fact, I hadn’t ever seen such a flagrant expression of anxiety cast from her before this moment.
“Hey, Mr. Cobbs,” she said, but her tone’s natural airiness was audibly deflated. “Do you have class right now?”
I motioned toward the assembled students hunkered beyond my classroom’s door like a cemetery of exhumed corpses, but I was in no hurry to join this mummified pack of underachievers. Perhaps it wasn’t the best occasion for one of my sarcastic quips, but I would’ve never been accused of exercising optimal timing. “What’s on your mind, Miss Dixon…I mean, Hannah? I don’t think most of those kids would notice if I stood out here all period.”
“It’ll just take a minute.”
“No problem.”
Miss Dixon hesitated before reaching into the contents of her black tote bag. She eventually pulled forth a generic cell-phone. It looked like a device that could’ve been clipped to any kid’s belt loop in this school. But my assessment didn’t fully explain the trepidation stewing in this young teacher’s eyes.
“I wanted to ask you about Harold Wagner,” she said numbly. “He’s in your English class in the morning, right?”
“Yeah,” I replied, still watching her curiously as she struggled to flip open the phone and push its power button. I couldn’t imagine what Harold could’ve done to become a topic of anyone’s scrutiny outside of class, but today had already proven to be replete with news that ranged from startling to grossly unpleasant.
“I don’t normally like to snoop into the kids’ private things,” Miss Dixon explained, “but Harold left his phone in my fifth period class. I think it fell out of his book bag.”
“That sounds like something Harold does at least once every period,” I smirked. My response was intended to elicit at least a bantam-sized smile from Miss Dixon, but she offered me nothing more than a pensive stare.
“At first I wasn’t sure if it was his or not,” she continued, “and so I decided to turn the phone on to see if I could locate its owner.”
“Sounds fair enough,” I said. “Judging by your face, I’d say you found something shocking.” One didn’t need to be too much of a visionary to surmise the seedy content clogging the cyberspace of most students’ cell-phones nowadays. I presumed even a boy as socially benign as Harold had a few tawdry secrets concealed in his data plan that might’ve caused his mother to cringe.
“I’m still not sure how I feel about this,” she mulled. “I’ve never really had any problems with Harold before. Granted, his stories are a bit weird sometimes, but I’ve gotten used to his routine.” As Miss Dixon spoke, I noticed her manicured nails tinkling against the phone’s plastic shell. Her uneasiness prompted me to suspend any further attempt at humor.
“What’s got you so upset, Hannah?”
“I…I don’t know if I’m upset. Concerned is more like it.”
“Okay,” I said while motioning to the electronic device. “May I see what you’re so concerned about?”
Miss Dixon’s hand still quivered as she exchanged the phone into my palm. The phone’s case was moist from the sweat on her fingers. “It’s probably nothing,” she noted. “You know how kids are. I’m sure it’s just an overreaction on my part, but I figured I’d check it out with someone I trust.”
Why this woman confided in me in any capacity was certainly intriguing, but for now I centered my thoughts on the object in my hand. At first glance, the phone’s menu screen revealed nothing unusual, but Miss Dixon then referred me to the text messaging data. I skimmed through a series of nondescript banter before receiving further directions.
“Scroll down to the last text message sent today,” Miss Dixon advised. “Tell me what you think.”
I toggled down to the last typed message and highlighted it on the phone’s browser. This text was also generic at best. It read: ‘The Plan Is Still On. No Backing Down Now.’ I barely arched an eyebrow to this statement, and so I assumed there had to be something more compelling to peruse.
“Is this what you mean?” I asked her while pointing to the message.
Miss Dixon nodded her head and said, “Harold texted that to a recipient with the initials S.G. But I didn’t see anyone with those initials listed in his contacts.”
“So? Maybe it’s a new number.”
“Maybe,” Miss Dixon debated, but still noticeably unconvinced. “It just struck me as a little bit strange, you know?”
“We are talking about Harold Wagner here,” I reminded the green educator. “An oddity for him would consist of doing something within the boundaries of normalcy.”
Miss Dixon managed to project a strained smile, but it dissolved before any true measure of levity persuaded her thoughts. “I know it’s probably nothing, but it just freaked me out a little,” she said skittishly.
Rather than hastily dismiss her paranoia, I began to reassess my conviction that Harold was as undisruptive as I initially perceived. After all, he did vie for attention from his teachers at times and assiduously tried to show off his intelligence to his friends. It didn’t require me more than a few seconds to associate the initials S.G. with the student I just escorted from the principal’s office.
“Hannah, have you ever noticed Harold hanging out with a boy named Stanley Glacer?”
Miss Dixon reflected a moment before replying, “Is that the kid with the….” She paused in search of a more compassionate adjective than ‘ugly’, but only managed to draw her hands up to her face and pretend to distort her facial features. “I think I’ve seen them together once or twice. Why?”
“His initials match the S.G. you’re curious about.”
“Of course,” she sighed self-deprecatingly. Her voice then became more solemn. “Do you think I should investigate this further?”
I, of course, already knew additional information about Stanley that should’ve confirmed both our suspicions. The note Mrs. Fassal referred to me earlier this morning immediately loomed larger in my mind now. But I also realized that Stanley had just absorbed a few punches from Drew Mincer. At this point, I didn’t want to aim any unwarranted friction in his direction.
“Honestly, Hannah, I wouldn’t make such a big deal about this right now. You might want to privately ask Harold about that text before doing anything else. He’s a pretty straightforward kid. I don’t think he’d lie to you.”
“I knew you’d help me think about this more clearly, Mr. Cobbs.”
Miss Dixon’s tense expression slackened as she considered my suggestion. I then set the phone back into the woman’s jittery hand. Her palm was drier now, and I sensed a faint fusion of energy darting between our fingers in this brief exchange. Perhaps it was just my imagination pining for her flirtations again. How could I expect such a tender beauty to lend me anything more than a courteous salutation on occasion? Even so, I felt almost entitled to participate in a little debauchery now. But her eyes did not look at me with the same fervency as before. Perhaps she finally recognized the signs of my disease as my wife had previously done. Miss Dixon’s invitation for me to join her at Rounders was retracted without a single utterance from her lips.
I soon felt sympathy oozing from the woman’s eyes; she must’ve seen my manifested decline. But the awkwardness of youth prevented her from questioning me on my health. It was more gracious for her to excuse herself and move on to other business. I didn’t bother to delay her. Besides, I still had a class full of torpid teenagers to excavate from the catacombs of monotony. As expected, when I entered the room, a few of them popped their heads off the desks. But most of their faces remained swathed in the blue tint of cellular data. Their fingers danced dexterously on tiny keypads. Such an agile display might’ve even caused Fred Astaire to lend his hands to ovation.
By the time I reached the center of the classroom, my stamina was nearly depleted once again. I made one attempt at grasping a black dry-erase marker from the whiteboard’s tray, but it slipped from my grasp, hit the floor, and rolled across the tiles near Melissa Hibbin’s feet. As always, Melissa wore open-toed shoes that looked more appropriate for a seedy street corner than English class. I noticed that the marker’s cap and Melissa’s toenails were colored the same. She looked peevishly at me, as if it was my intention to mock her peculiar choice of polish.
I didn’t bother to retrieve the marker now, and Melissa promptly nudged it away as if it was meant for her to wear like a badge of incrimination. Naturally, the students expected a lesson once they assumed I didn’t have one prepared, but the board remained empty of even the slightest resemblance of busywork. My head throbbed as if a thousand sharp pins jabbed simultaneously into my scalp. I took refuge behind my desk, sensing my legs buckling before I even made it to the chair. One boy, who I didn’t particularly like, Curtis Wilson, immediately tried to expose my frailty.
“Hey, Mr. Cobbs, ain’t we learnin’ nutin’ today?” he voiced derisively.
“Why should today be different from any other, Curtis?” I remarked tersely. Curtis would’ve normally countered with a glib comeback, but when he retreated so obediently I realized that it was an act of mercy rather than respect. The likelihood of another episode consuming me in front of these students was inevitable now. I made no effort to flee from the circumstances.
As I drifted closer to my next destination, I once again envisioned my wife embraced in another man’s arms. I wondered if this was her first affair, and how often she and her lovers laughed at my gullibility. Why, after years of marriage, had I just opened my eyes to her sinfulness? Others must’ve recognized this behavior before me—perhaps my mother tried to warn me years ago. I wanted nothing more than to imagine Rachel as a virtuous spouse, a woman whose thoughts remained as untainted as a virgin’s smile. But illusions such as this had only served to shelter me from the current climate of our relationship. I now contended that a notion of fidelity was a fable better reserved for storybooks. I certainly had an ample portion of such ignominious tales to draw upon within the framework of my dreams.


Chapter 42

12:17 P.M.


My travels now transported me to a primeval wilderness that looked like a watercolor of a utopian forest. I walked upon a path that had some evidence of prior footsteps, but nothing obtrusive enough to upset the tranquility at large. On both sides of this trail, the wood’s frondescence shielded most of the sunlight from my eyes. But occasional pockets of daylight interspersed among the tree trunks and underbrush, especially near an assemblage of boulders that were laden with moss and gray lichen. A few of these scattered stones reminded me of my beloved refuge near Lake Endelman, but the foremost source of water here ran in the form of a brook through this untamed sanctuary’s nucleus.
I proceeded along this track as warily as a toddler approaching an unfamiliar object. Random patches of wild violets and red columbine flourished between the stones. The sound of the brook’s trickling rhythm soothed any traces of anxiety from my mind. Before I even managed to search for an avenue of import, I realized that my wanderings had positioned me within range of another pair of watchful eyes. A diminutive child, who seemed preoccupied in her fascination with the brook’s currents, stepped into my line of sight.
In the woodland’s sparse light, this female appeared almost sprite-like, with a face as white as polished marble. She held a fistful of purple wildflowers in one hand, and at least one crimson bouquet in the other. Strangely, my presence didn’t incite any typical reaction of consternation from this girl. In fact, she observed me with eyes as black and lively as the most fruitful soils of the earth.
On her oval head she wore a red bonnet that covered most of her umber-colored locks. A few shiny curls escaped the fabric encircling her face. A ribbon of sunlight caressed the child’s shoulders like a web of fingers, bestowing her countenance with an angelic glint. Her ankle-length dress was a russet fabric commonly displayed by the good-wives of the Puritanical era in seventeenth century New England. The girl’s clothing was remarkable in that it looked stitched by a seamstress with a meticulous eye.
Approaching this elfish girl with an unassuming smile did nothing to alter her stoic expression. The child’s haunting eyes watched me without a flick from her luxurious lashes. I fully expected her to shriek and dash off between the trees like a startled hare, but she made no such motion. Being mindful of her aura of calmness, I was prudent to not augment any hostile feelings with my greeting.
“Hello,” I announced. My voice was pitched as mellow as the water splashing against the rocks beside us. Naturally, the girl hesitated with any gesture to accommodate my salutation. Her glare then fixated on my hands, almost as if she expected me to reveal something diabolical. When she noticed that my palms were empty, her brow furrowed quizzically, but her mauve lips remained clamped together as if sutured from the inside out.
Despite the girl’s initial muteness, I viewed her as a precocious child, one who possessed a facility to flawlessly perceive traits in people without the benefit of prior acquaintance. Although she seemed acclimated to these surroundings, I gathered that she hadn’t ventured too far into this glade alone. Rarely had such a precious child been left to meander through a coppice unattended. I sensed that her guardian was within watching distance from where we presently stood.
My inclination was verified with the emergence of a second figure, although this one was a young woman. She was of an average height, petite in stature, and walked into view as if borne from the perpendicular shadows scorching the forest’s floor. It seemed reasonable that her colonial attire mimicked the child’s dress she had come to retrieve. I presumed she was the girl’s mother, for her features were remarkably similar. As intended, her drab petticoat hid her feminine attributes well, but she moved with defiant buoyancy that belied the fabric’s inflexibility. As she edged closer to my position, I discerned a vibrant marker that signified her from all others in this outskirt from a Bostonian settlement.
On the upper portion of the woman’s garment, just beneath where a broach might’ve been displayed, a prominent vowel was clasped haughtily atop the material. This ornately shaped uppercase “A” was embroidered with shades of scarlet, and decorated by golden thread. A single flash of her sinful badge made it impossible for me to mistake her for anyone other than the ostracized Mistress Hester Prynne. By this hour, she wore her shameful ensign as a reminder of what she was as much as what she had become. She strode toward me without hesitation, almost as if her dress’s emblem enabled her to defy the gravity that caused so many women of her time to lurch slump-shouldered in the company of ordinary men.
Hester studied me with eyes as black as burnished onyx. The hair flowing from beneath her bonnet was also colored in the richest shades of fertility. Upon witnessing her mother’s arrival, the treasured Pearl tilted her head toward her and spoke bluntly. “Thou shouldst beware, mother. The Black Man hath cometh to taketh us from hither. Yet, as thou mayst expect, he hides his big book well.”
“Nay, my child,” corrected Hester. “This Goodman, although garmented rather queerly, hath merely forgotten where his footsteps hast lead him.”
“You’re mother speaks the truth,” I told Pearl. “I am not a pawn for the devil’s bidding. But I’ve journeyed many miles and seen things that most people from your land wouldn’t understand.”
Neither Hester nor her illegitimate daughter was certain how to interpret my confession, but both of them resisted an urge to turn away from me. Finally, when I showed no intolerance to her presence, Hester asked, “Dost thou not knowst of my ill repute?”

“I am familiar with the sin you’re branded with,” I replied. “But I know that it’s this same stigma that I wish to investigate. I’ve come here to ask you a few questions, Mistress Prynne, but I wish not to offend you in the process.”
My request must’ve registered as earnest under Hester’s scrutiny, otherwise she would’ve escorted Pearl by the hand and scurried back to her nearby cottage. The business I had with her, however, was not meant for a child’s ears, so Hester sent Pearl away to collect some anemones from the woods. Pearl sensed that there was more to learn from covert conversation than a bushel full of pale flowers. She resisted her mother’s command at first.
“Tend to what I asketh of thee, my child,” cried Hester. “I shalt be hasty with this affair, as I have several gloves yet to mend ere the morrow.”
After Pearl scampered off on yet another exploration, I attempted to establish trust with this shunned Puritan. I told Hester my name and assured her that my mission didn’t include any further judgment upon her character. “All I really seek,” I avowed, “is to perhaps develop some solutions to the troubles I still must face.”
Hester looked at me with a flickering hint of trepidation. It seemed like a defensive reflex on her part, but perfectly reasonable when considering how so few men consulted women on crucial matters during this patriarchal age. In spite of this, I hoped she had a sense of my own humility. Had there been a letter emblazoned on my own clothing to reflect my crisis, I don’t know if I could’ve exhibited it as so unreservedly as this woman. I trembled at the prospect of Hester detecting the sorrow churning in my heart.
“I come to you with nothing but good intentions,” I said contritely. “Considering what I’ve learned from your past, my first question may sound quite obvious.” My gaze plunged deeper into the core of Hester’s dark optics, which glistened like ripples on moonless water. She had no reason to confide in me, or any man for that matter. But, despite the hardship she already endured, I sensed Hester was a woman who carried herself with a delicate strength, not because of any extraordinary measure of character more than a set of prejudicial circumstances.
“I knowest thou hast no alliance with the Black Man,” she declared. “He, in the form of a shadow, hast visited me but once.” Hester then raised her hands to her breast as if her fingers were imitating the action of fire. “He leaveth his mark in the shape of this inflamed letter.”
The morning sun ascended higher than the treetops now, permitting a few cooper rays to cast upon Mistress Prynne like an unearthly spotlight.  But more unsettling for my observations, this illumination only served to ignite the scarlet badge stitched to her gray garb. Yet even while that damning symbol blazed tauntingly upon her breast, Hester stood before me as unshakable as an oaken pillar embedded in this timbered vista.
“You wear that letter as if it no longer singes your heart,” I told her.
“I hast donned it time enough for it to scorch me with both shame and strength,” she muttered. “Like fire follows smoke, curses and blessings worketh in unison.”
“But you’ve risked so much because of temptation,” I declared. “The solitude that you must now endure can’t be satisfying.”
Hester traced her fingertip upon her dress’s calligraphy with a wraithlike touch before saying, “And this is the purpose of thy sojourn? Dost thou aim to speculate on the interior workings of this sin?” Her eyes remained locked onto mine while I pondered her inquiry. And once feeling the synergetic effects of her ocular embrace, it seemed as if my own head was fettered in a stockade.
“I didn’t mean to sound presumptuous, but surely there must be somewhere else you can go to escape your neighbors’ scorn.”
“If thou knowest of my point of refuge, then thou must also be privileged with the insight that I am free to stray as far from Boston as I deem fit. Yet this option is a fruitless one, sir, for I never encountered a person capable of fleeing his own conscience.”
I, of course, already realized that Hester’s unremitting spirit impelled her to challenge those who passed judgment against her. By comparison to the maltreatment she received from those theological zealots, her illicit affair with Reverend Arthur Dimmesdale almost seemed like a venial transgression. Yet even though at least seven years had separated her from the adulterous deed, I still espied evidence of remorse creeping into her expression.
“It canst not be an honest reply for me to sayeth that I am sans regret for what I hast done,” she sulked. “Mine once pure name shalt never be seen as unsullied again.  Hence, it is a fair claim to maketh, sir, that all justice is not infallible. But knowst this: as I moveth betwixt this forest and listen to the stream that weavest a path somewhere yonder, the nature of my humanity flares far more resplendently than this letter thou now gazeth upon.”
In light of my own circumstances, it was impossible for me to look upon Hester without a critical eye. I perceived her as a flawed woman, but tainted no more so than most of those who teetered on passion’s narrow ledge. Hester’s redeeming feature was her ability to recognize her shortcomings while still maintaining a glimmer of dignity. In this way, I determined that those who persecuted her with their righteousness were more akin to evil incarnate.
“I see nothing inherently wicked in your eyes,” I told Hester. “Others may have marked you as a harlot for your actions, but you have already repented. It is only your courage that prevents you from besmirching the name of your daughter’s father. Even in sin, you have risen above those who’ve condemned you.”
“Prithee, sir, these art kindly words thou bringeth to mine ears, but also better tendered to those more deserving. I warrant no praise from thee, as I hast no pride to showeth. Yet, relenting to curiosity, wherefore doth this matter revolve in thy brain so tumultuously?”
As I much I wanted to shelter myself from the embarrassment of uttering this truth to another woman, I had come to an impasse with my own humility. “I am on the bitter side of what should never occur between a married couple,” I confessed. “I must come to terms with the knowledge that my wife has been unfaithful.”
“The tiding is grave indeed,” Hester responded. “A wound such as thine taketh time to mend. But let not thy infection swell, sir, or it shalt fester in thy heart and bones until all but a feverish spell remaineth.”
Who among mankind did not trip at their heels when accosted by jealousy? I certainly couldn’t claim any immunity to its mesmeric control over human thought and action. It’s stranglehold on my emotions surfaced within me like some leviathan from the murky depths of my imagination. Standing before Hester Prynne served as a reminder of what fate awaited me. I didn’t want to become as malevolent as Roger Chillingsworth. She must’ve watched the adulterated hatred thickening in my eyes like a fog consuming a seascape.
“Please, don’t judge me by my present condition,” I implored her.
Hester still refused to avert her eyes from mine as she inquired, “Wilt thou love thy wife with any less ardor because of this mark upon thy matrimony? If this be the matter, sayeth so now.”
My response was immediate, but somehow still not inclusive to all the contradictions roiling inside me. “I haven’t lost my feelings for her,” I muttered. “I wouldn’t be here with you now if I didn’t still love my wife.”
Hester’s petrified eyes softened, and at first I believed I had alleviated the rigidity from her expression. But the woman’s gaze pivoted toward her daughter, who had returned with another sampling of the forest’s wildflowers. Pearl trod the soil as if pockets of air suspended beneath her shoes. Nothing false or pretentious existed in this child’s countenance. She remained undimmed by this world’s shrouded calamities and exuded a sprite-like glow that had not yet been extinguished by the dogmatic pundits of her time.
“Look upon my Pearl,” Hester advised, “for no protracted stare canst find any semblance of darkness hither. Nay, she colors this wooded canopy with shades more vibrant than the violets and columbines. Who shalt cast gray stones in our paths? If thou seeketh the pulse of inhumanity, sir, search not farther than the reflection that is thine.”
“But I want to do the proper thing,” I countered. “If my wife has dirtied our bed with lust, is it fair that her misdeed go unchecked? If there is no punishment, then why would she resist another lover at some point in the future?”
“Let not thy voice function as a persecutor. If thy wife loveth thou, then she shalt find her way back to thee. If the case be otherwise, then no amount of punishment or praise wouldst alter her affection.”
“I despise what she’s done,” I continued. “It has caused me to question my own identity. I’m not even sure who I am anymore.”
Hester’s impervious black eyes settled on me once again. She could’ve likely detected the folly in my heart as if I was just another lost child in the woods. “It hath been stated that a man’s true reflection doth not shine boldest beneath unclouded skies. The beckon of his soul is navigated most rightly when the air is blackest. Hearken unto me, sir, vengeance hath no end. It shalt darken thy mind, disease thy purpose, and render thee as an aberrant villain. As I mentioned ere, the coldest demon lurkest in those who repel forgiveness. Verily, if thou canst not forgive sin, thou shalt never be at peace, even after thy wife lieth in the earth for her impetuous act.”
Pearl rejoined her mother by now. The child examined me as if she was not yet convinced that I was indeed the Black Man of this habitat. In these seconds, a grouping of pewter clouds blotted out the sun’s rays, rendering the incendiary letter on Hester’s dress a shade closer to blood. Hester entwined her fingers with her treasured daughter’s hand and watched me until I recognized that she had no more wisdom to impart. I suddenly felt like an intruder in their land.
My trek away from them grew darker. I no longer perceived the forest’s makeshift trail. But I continued as intrepidly as before, overstepping the natural obstructions at a steady pace. I soon came upon the blackest region of this woodland, a place where even the most vivid wedges of wildflowers were blotted by shadows. I then noticed a lone figure with sulfur-colored eyes watching me as a panther might’ve skulked its prey. I shuddered at the prospect of confronting this pilferer of hope, and roused myself into consciousness before our paths united.


Chapter 43

12:20 P.M.


When I reopened my eyes, I could not escape the fact that my condition had deteriorated beyond any hope of concealment. Evidently, the throes of my most recent episode triggered an excitable round of repartee among the kids. Even my typically languorous students had seemingly disinterred themselves from their sarcophaguses to participate in a spirited debate on my unbalanced behavior. Had they demonstrated this sort of verve on a regular basis, I might’ve willingly passed out in front of them months ago. But I should’ve surmised that even the faintest sign of fallibility in a teacher served as a springboard for horseplay among the most inflexible minds.
For a few seconds I let them chatter at my expense. After all, I hadn’t assigned a task to keep their gazes fixated on anything other than my affliction. In times like this I wished that John Donne’s philosophical stanza in Meditation 17 hadn’t been so precise. Sometimes a man needed to be his own island, and at the moment I couldn’t imagine myself in a better place than a castaway. As it now stood, a sea of bemused faces bobbed around my desk. Some troublemakers already had their phones out in record-mode, apparently aiming to make my malady the Internet’s next viral hit.
Since there was no practical way to segue from what must have appeared as an epileptic fit into a literary discussion, I elected for a conventional strategy to regain control in the classroom. “Okay…everybody sit down now,” I commanded, although my voice was as brittle as Mrs. Fassal’s joints by now. Naturally, I had to repeat my directive twice before they sluggishly retreated to their desks. Perhaps I should’ve taken a few minutes to explain the source of my strife to them, but I decided to let them concoct their own theories. Not one of them thought to ask me about my problem directly, which enabled me to conclude that the rumors about my health already circulating around the school were far more entertaining than the truth.
Because I was too exhausted to conduct a cogent lesson at this point, I gave no assignment for the remainder of this class, on the condition that they didn’t disturb me. Since this particular mixture of students was accustomed to protracted periods of overtiredness, few complaints were registered. Only Melissa Hibbin’s ire leached over her pensive brow. She glared at me as if I had just committed a mortal sin, while methodically tapping her chipped, black-polished nails on the desktop.
Rather than attempt to assuage Melissa’s incessant angst, I permitted my mind to drift from the matter at hand. My wife’s image wasn’t far from capturing what little lucidity remained in my head. I wondered if Rachel had reconsidered her obstinate position since leaving the school. Maybe she just needed some time to sort through how she planned to soften the impact of her confession. If this was the case, then she might’ve sent me a text message. I used my desk as a barrier to prevent the students from watching me check my phone. I slipped the phone far enough out of my hip pocket to observe its blank screen. No messages. If I required any more evidence to verify my wife’s indifference toward my feelings, this was it.
Too much energy had already been sapped from my body from harboring thoughts of reconciliation with my wife. I was like a sad clown gazing into a circus mirror, hoping that my frown would’ve comically distorted into a grin. It had become a burden trying to fool myself into believing that Rachel still viewed me as a viable candidate for her amorosity. My wife simply didn’t love me anymore, and there wasn’t any apothecary alive who had a potion or pill to counteract the ailment of lost affection. I could’ve brooded another year behind my desk and still never fully understood or accepted how I failed to secure the devotion of the only woman I ever really loved.
The period ended with no further fanfare from any of my students. It was always remarkable to watch how animated the kids became at the conclusion of a class. They scurried out of my room as if flames licked at their heels. After I was alone again, I considered calling my wife. I even went as far as tugging the phone from my pocket and cradling it next to my ear. But what more did I really need to say to her? I didn’t presume that she’d confess to adultery in a telephone conversation. Fortunately, distractions were never too far away at this high school, and the present one temporarily removed a possibility that I’d humiliate myself anymore egregiously.
My attention was snatched by another figure lingering at my classroom door as if he contemplated turning away before entering. Surprisingly, based on the pending consequences he still faced, Shawn Winger appeared astoundingly collected when he finally approached me. Besides a faint trace of perspiration staining the armpits of his shirt, I didn’t detect any blatant anxiousness in his mannerisms. At the same time, Shawn rarely greeted me between classes outside of lunch, so I assumed our earlier discussion held an influence on his behavior now.
In true Winger fashion, he swaggered up to my desk as if to display another accommodation from the principal’s office. His eyes, shimmering like chlorinated pool water, appeared assertive as they zeroed in upon me. The anguish I recognized earlier in his expression had miraculously (and perhaps prematurely) diminished. He stood before me now flaunting a milky smile that might’ve rivaled the talking heads on the Hollywood evening news. Before addressing me, Shawn stopped and focused his attention on the image I had displayed above the center of my whiteboard. He looked curiously at the reproduction of Rimmer’s depiction of Apollo before commenting on it. “That’s a nice line drawing of Icarus,” he guessed commandingly. I smirked openly, only because he rarely made a mistake in terms of his references to art or literature. When considering Shawn’s current plight, however, perhaps the waxed-winged boy from Greek myth was a more appropriate conjecture. I didn’t bother to correct him.
Shawn quickly found other visuals within my classroom to critique, namely me. His mouth nearly unhinged after observing the present state of my physical health. “Holy god, Corbin, you look like you’re getting sicker by the minute. Why the hell are you still here?”
“Trying to do my job,” I replied flippantly. “But I’m starting to think that I’ve wasted my time by coming in today.” As I spoke, I hoped that Shawn understood the implications of my words. I wanted him to sense my disappointment in his choice to act so glibly in the wake of what he revealed to me this morning. But this man’s ego wasn’t as penetrable as melting wax. Unlike Daedalus’ impetuous son, Shawn Winger glided through life without any evidence of forced ascension. It was imprudent for me to believe that he’d ever plummet into a sea of humbleness.
Although his lack of shame embarrassed me, I was presently too exhausted to remove myself from the situation. I still didn’t plan to evade the intent of his visitation, however, and he must’ve suspected as much. He cleared his throat a few times while checking to make sure that he had closed my classroom’s door upon entering.
“Are you busy right now?” he asked.
“I have a few minutes.”
“Good. Look, I just wanted to thank you for listening to me ramble on about my personal problems before. I shouldn’t have gotten you so involved, though.”
I wondered if this was a bid for modesty that I hoped to observe from Shawn, or just another effort to screen his wrongdoing. “I guess you’ve decided how you’re going to handle it, huh?” I offered, even-temperedly. Shawn paced back in front of my desk and crouched into the nearest seat to me. He now looked flustered by my contained emotion.
“Maybe I’m wrong,” he said, “but I’m sensing a little friction between us right now. I hope what I told you isn’t going to damage our friendship.”
I found it amusing that Shawn suddenly attributed our acquaintance as anything beyond the realm of circumstance. Because my colleague harbored such sordid secrets, I contended that he wished to align himself with someone who didn’t pose as an immediate threat to his indiscretions. His choice to confide in me, while undoubtedly impulsive, was still his purest option for an unprejudiced voice.
“It wasn’t fair of me to drop all my troubles in your lap,” he insisted. I should’ve just worked it out by myself. I’m sorry.”
“As I told you before, there’s no need to apologize,” I assured him. “But you’re now going to tell me that you’ve come to your senses, right?”
Shawn hesitated as he tried to shield his guilt from my inspection. Something off-putting in his expression served as a prelude to my disgust. I waited until he managed to confirm my suspicion. “I…I don’t think you’re going to agree with what I’ve got planned,” he stammered. “But I’m leaving Jill.”
I responded in a voice as cool as this morning’s rain. “I must’ve misheard you.” Had not my face already been whitened by disease, I would’ve cast a reflection onto this man as pallid as a new moon. I decided to inject a syringe of common sense into his muddled mind. “Do you realize that you’re not only abandoning your wife, but also your three-year-old son?”
“It’s not going to be like that, Corbin. My son isn’t going anywhere. I’m still his father.”
“You sound like a delusional idiot, Shawn,” I retorted.
“I know it doesn’t look good,” he continued, “but trust me…I’ve been wrestling with my thoughts all day. This is the hardest choice I’ve ever made in my life.”
“Then you’re not thinking clearly. There’s more at stake in this than your selfish feelings. Have you no understanding of the law? Just think about the embarrassment that you’re going to cause your family when the truth breaks.”
“Come on, Corbin, I don’t need a lecture from you. I’ve gone over the possible solutions a hundred times, but I can’t get Desiree out of my mind. I need to be there for her now.”
“And what about your wife and son? Aren’t they worth more to you than a fling with a seventeen-year-old temptress?”
“That’s not right to say,” Shawn returned. “Desiree’s a special girl. I love her.”
“Love has got nothing to do with it,” I countered. “You have a responsibility to make things right. I’m sure you’ve concluded that divorcing your wife isn’t going to spare you from the ramifications of a criminal act.”
Shawn’s cheeks became ruddy as he summoned the audacity to spout forth his defense. “I know it looks pretty bleak for me right now, but am I just supposed to pretend that Desiree isn’t important to me?”
“She’s just a kid, Shawn,” I reminded him.
“In your eyes that may be accurate, but I don’t see her that way.”
“Does she still call you ‘coach’ or ‘Mr. Winger’?”
“Please don’t be sarcastic now, Corbin. Look, I’m not proud of the fact that I fell in love with a girl on my basketball team. But I can’t describe to you how I feel whenever I see Desiree. It’s like nothing I’ve ever experienced before. Whenever we’re apart, all I do is think about her.”
If I thought Shawn sounded pathetically inept beforehand, now it seemed as though he had bypassed the margins of ignorance and stumbled into blatant stupidity. The remorse that he might’ve displayed earlier had faded from his features. Only the bravado that defined him for most of existence flashed in his eyes in these moments. It incensed me to hear his rationalization on conduct that had no moralistic defense.
“I’ve played by the rules my whole life,” he went on, “and I have to tell you, Corbin, most things always came easy for me. Even around this school, people have gone out of their way to treat me like royalty. I wish I had a sob story to explain my actions, but all I got is the pressure of trying to stay on top. Unless you’ve been in my place, I don’t think you can understand what I’m saying.”
At least Shawn was correct in his estimation that I had no ability to comprehend his restlessness. Most teachers would’ve yearned for just a morsel of the recognition bestowed upon this charlatan. I couldn’t relate to his rebellion toward the system anymore than he could’ve adapted to my near invisibility. I had strove most of my adult life to achieve some level of appreciation for my efforts. Nothing had come to fruition for me, and this caused me to cringe in my chair as I listened to Shawn’s maudlin pitch for sympathy.
“For years, every morning I woke up, I got this nagging sense that I had to live up to the expectations of other people. It didn’t matter if I was at home or working. Folks had it in their minds that I never made any mistakes. A Winger boy doesn’t screw up. That was my father’s mantra. I guess I just couldn’t ever shake the echo of his words. Coming in second, no matter what the game, wasn’t good enough in my father’s eyes. That’s the curse he left me with. Until a few months ago, I was resigned to living the rest of my life as the ideal husband and teacher. But I’m so damn tired, Corbin. And it’s only since Desiree entered my tidy world that I realized how miserable and alone I really was before I knew her.”
“So you decided that this was the best way to end your misery?” Shawn’s eyes shifted away from mine, apparently in search of an avenue with less congestion to navigate his thoughts. “Shawn, if you were hoping for an antidote for your woes by sleeping with a teenager, I’m sure you can see the irony in it now. After you get caught, your agony is going to increase tenfold.”
Shawn’s gaze returned to mine, but this time there was a hint of mockery swirling in his ice-blue eyes. “Who said I’m going to get caught?” he whispered. I wanted to believe that he was kidding, of course. Perhaps his apprehension of the consequences caused him to resist the inevitability of this outcome.
“We already talked about how this is going to turn out,” I urged the narcissist.
“A pregnancy is too much for a girl her age to handle without support. She’ll need to confide in a friend sooner rather than later. Once that happens, it will mark the beginning of your end.”
“But what if she doesn’t tell anybody?”
“You’re starting to sound like a new teacher, Shawn—full of blind optimism.”
“I told you before,” he said, “Desiree isn’t like other girls her age. She doesn’t want to lose me, and she knows what’s at stake if she opens her mouth.”
It suddenly occurred to me that Shawn had managed to coax further promises from his young lover since our earlier conversation, and this whole situation wasn’t just about preserving her reputation more than it was his own. I suspected that his only recourse now was to manufacture a safeguard to justify his perversions. He resorted to standing up again and pacing back and forth across the classroom’s floor as if he was on the sidelines coaching a basketball game.
“Despite what you might think about me right now, Corbin, I’m not a pedophile. I don’t lust after young girls. What happened between Desiree and I was just a freak thing that turned out to be more meaningful than either of us could’ve ever thought possible.”
“Your interpretation of events doesn’t change anything,” I said. “The law is the law, and you crossed the line.”
“Give me a break. It can’t be so black and white all the time, can it?” he countered. “I’m guilty of falling in love with someone a tad shy of eighteen. Is that a punishable crime? Should I be locked in the stockade in front of the whole world and made to wear a red letter “P” on my jacket?”
“Falling in love with Desiree, if that’s what you choose to call it, wasn’t where you committed the crime, Shawn. But once you took that girl to bed, you sealed your own casket.”
“That’s what all the hypocrites will say, too,” Shawn fumed. I didn’t expect his discontent to turn on me so abruptly, but given the knowledge he empowered me with, I suddenly appeared no more tolerant than those who’d ultimately judge him for his indiscretions. He was resolute on convincing me to look at the situation from his vantage point. “There’s not a male teacher in this building who hasn’t had a sexual thought about some of these girls prancing around this school. You see the way they dress, Corbin. Girls like Desiree are physically mature women. I’m not saying that’s an excuse for what happened, but I don’t think my actions were so abnormal.”
“When I was a kid my mother used to tell me that I couldn’t just run into a candy store and grab a handful of sweets without paying for them. I think the same rule applies here.”
Shawn stopped cold in his stance and swung his eyes toward me like two icy battering rams. “You’re just going to sit there like a moralist, aren’t you?” he asked. “Do you really think I believe that you haven’t had a tawdry thought or two about the pretty girls coming in and out of your classroom? It’s not such a farfetched notion. But you don’t have to pretend around me, Corbin. I see things as they really are.”
I remained reticent, if only to permit Shawn to absorb the lasciviousness laced in his own words. But the longer I remained silent, the more I debated my colleague’s suggestion. Was a mere taboo daydream involving an under-aged student tantamount to the uncultivated deed? On one side of the argument I wondered what harm could’ve resulted from a subconscious thought? If left unspoken and untried, who was troubled by it? Yet on the other side, where a moral inscription was methodically chiseled in my brain with the finesse of a jackhammer, I wondered why the carnal idea existed at all. I therefore offered Shawn a practical rebuttal.
“You can’t blend fantasy and reality and expect to have a logical conclusion,” I affirmed. “That’s why so many dreams stay in the confines of our minds.”
“I know that. I just don’t want you to look at me like I’m some kind of a monster. I’m a normal guy with regular impulses.”
Perhaps Shawn wasn’t as commonplace in his ruminations as he wanted me to believe. After all, I still contended that the difference between a thought and action was as dissimilar from the sun and moon. They both occupied the same celestial realm, but the space and purpose between them produced the light and shadows of our lives. Of course, Shawn hadn’t achieved his status as a leader and motivator by conducting himself submissively. He also had developed a knack for anticipating my feelings by simply studying my face.
“I don’t blame you for not answering me,” he resumed. “Let’s face it, only a complete idiot would willingly admit to being turned on by a high school girl, right?”
“We both know you’re far from an idiot,” I returned, “but let’s look at it from another perspective. Now, presuming that you really love Desiree…”
“I do…more than anything,” he interjected.
“Fine. So going on that ideal, wouldn’t you want what is best for the woman you love?”
“Of course. Can’t you see that’s what I’m trying to do? I’m leaving my family to be with this girl. Doesn’t that tell you anything?”
“Yes. It tells me that you’re willing to do whatever it takes to save yourself from the shame and ridicule of getting arrested. You’ve already told me that Desiree will only keep quiet about your affair if you agree to leave your wife. Maybe I’m just confused about what it means to really love a woman—or a girl for that matter.”
“What do you want from me? Do you want to see me go to jail? Do you realize what those prisoners would do to me once word got around that I was messing with a high school girl?”
“The courts might go easier on you if you turn yourself in. Judges have been known to show some leniency toward those who they believe are truly repentant.”
“I can’t take that chance, Corbin. I’m not going down that way. Shawn Winger has never lost a battle in his life, and now isn’t a good time to start.”
Once again I remained reposed in my chair, offering no purposeful expression to advance my opinions. During these seconds Shawn appeared increasingly vulnerable to me. His good fortune suddenly seemed squandered on a bad investment. He looked as forlorn as a disenchanted broker after a Wall Street crash. Shawn may have been verbally defiant toward my counsel, but I believed that his surrender to common sense wasn’t far removed from his conscience. But he still sought to solidify one point more than any other as he stood in front of me now.
“No matter what happens from here on out,” he said dejectedly, “I’ll never go back to behaving like the man I was. I can’t see the benefit of fooling myself any longer.”
“What do you hope to become?”
A current of corruption filtered through his cool aqua eyes as he pondered my question. Shawn left little doubt that he was completely at ease with the transformation of his character. “I’m better than I was before,” he murmured. “I now plan to do things because they feel right for me, and not just because of any sense of obligation for someone else.”
“That’s a slippery and narrow line to tow,” I admonished him.
“Maybe, but I’m done wearing masks. As it is, you might be the only guy on the planet who knows that I’m not really the man who I seem to be. But am I any different from most people? I’d say there are two halves to every man, Corbin, and the weaker of those two lives in pretense. We’re all hiding our own wicked secrets, aren’t we?”
“I suppose.”
Shawn progressed back toward the center of my classroom and again focused his eyes on Rimmer’s drawing of a winged Apollo rising in front of a descending sun. “I think my father used to have a decal of that on an old T-shirt,” he mumbled. “I wanted a shirt just like it, and he promised that he’d get me one. You know, now that I think about it, the bastard never followed through.” As he spoke, his voice became increasingly diminutive. “I hated that damn shirt anyway.”
He shuffled a few additional feet without looking in my direction, but then turned sharply before his hand grasped the classroom door’s handle. Instead of looking directly at him, I concentrated on his shadow stretching out across the whiteboard like an awakening beast.
“Before I go,” he stated, “I just wanted to make sure that you don’t plan on going back on your promise. Do you understand me, Corbin?”
My response didn’t come as spontaneously as Shawn would have preferred, which signaled that I might’ve reconsidered my earlier vow of secrecy in regard to his behavior. “I think I promised you that I’d give you to the end of the weekend to sort through this mess,” I replied.
“It sounds like you’re reneging on me.”
“No, Shawn. Even though legally you’ve put me in a bad spot, I intend to give you the time we originally agreed to.”
“And then what? Monday morning is only a few days away. Do you plan to sabotage my life then?”
“I don’t have that power or desire to do such a thing.”
“Then you’ll keep my secret safe?”
“Let’s talk more about this on Monday,” I insisted. “I really want you to think hard about everything without any distractions. Can we just leave it at that?”
Shawn’s eyes narrowed, indicating that he was still naturally anxious about my cooperation. He then offered me these words: “I hate to be wrong about anyone, Corbin. And the one thing I learned from you over the past few years is that most people are predictable. Take your life for instance. You’re the type of fellow who always does exactly what’s expected of him.”
“Is that why you trusted me not to say anything?”
“In part.”
“Well, I hope I don’t disappoint you someday.”
Before exiting my room, Shawn flashed a bone-white smile that somehow registered as artificial as his motivations. I imagined an odor of arrogance wafting between his footsteps as he moved along the corridor. As unsettling as Shawn’s presence was, my thoughts didn’t dwell on him long after his departure. Instead, the source of my misery reverted to my wife. It seemed that I harbored my own resentful impulses in regard to Rachel. I might’ve tried to stave off this compulsion, but her betrayal of my trust now made it impossible for me to do so. A part of me contended that she deserved just a fraction of my torment.
In light of such revelations, how could I view myself as being any better than Shawn Winger? Was there a tinge of truth in his conceits? Did we all truly possess an aptitude to devise and implement heinous acts upon one another? While in Shawn’s company, I attempted to reject his theory on the hidden rancor festering within us, but I couldn’t deny my own proclivity toward vengeance any longer. Nothing was sacred to me anymore, and I might’ve sacrificed my own welfare to serve as the supplier of sorrow to those who’ve willingly wronged me.
I became instantaneously fearful of the dark persona pulsating beneath my flesh like a spasmodic nerve. Yet, I couldn’t resist its power to consume me. My body grew rigid again as I thrashed against my chair. Another tour through the shadowy regions of my subconscious mind was now upon me.


Chapter 44

1:09 P.M.


My jaunt resumed in a circular park that revealed no distinguishable landmarks for the first few hundred feet of exploration. The footpath I negotiated was proficiently manicured, but the area was considerably absent of other pedestrians on this new morning. As it stood, this park’s vegetation had a haze of dormancy stamped upon it. I suspected the ice had just recently thawed underfoot, for the ground was stippled with shallow puddles. Because I had already endured far crueler climates, I took the hiemal air in stride until noticing a row of stucco terraces jutting from the field’s north edge. This feature by itself hinted to my whereabouts, but it wasn’t until I happened upon a white villa erected on a bluff on the opposite side of a canal, which I identified as The Holme, that I pinpointed my proximity to the Regent’s Park in the City of Westminster.
Surprisingly, the sky above the park’s Inner Circle was wonderfully clear on this occasion. I didn’t even detect a wisp of London’s eminent fog, which normally belched off the Thames like a plume of viscous gas. A wafer of sunlight dissolved the previous evening’s fingerprints from the horizon, leaving only the daybreak’s cerulean sheet in its place. I traveled a bit farther along the trail without any mentionable obstructions, momentarily stalling to listen to an untold number of chirruping birds. Of course, I had already scanned the territory for some other itinerants in company. My efforts ultimately proved fruitful.
I nonchalantly approached a string of wooden benches lining either side of the walkway. All of these resting points were empty, save for the last one that I set my gaze upon. Other than me, one visitor determined that the break of day represented the very best hour to absorb nature’s splendor. Either that or he had engaged in a trade far too nefarious for public demonstration. As insignificant as he registered to my eye at first glance, I was compelled to lend him a second and third look. From afar, there was nothing remarkable about his stature. But after wandering closer to where he stooped as motionless as an inebriated vagrant, I became overwhelmed with an urge to discover more about him.
Although I had difficulty constructing any particular feature in the man’s visage that gave me fright, something indefinable in his appearance brought me to a standstill. My spine tingled as I centered my stare on the man’s insidious eyes. His head seemed blunter than the average man’s cranium, which in turn deepened his eye sockets. Nothing resembling humanity stirred in either of those tar-colored cavities. Even in full sunlight, an unsymmetrical shadow draped over his brow like an unsightly birthmark. Only a passerby with an audacious disposition would’ve disturbed such a troglodyte. But since I was psychologically bound to my quest, I elected to join him as an uninvited guest on the bench.
In proximity to where I now sat, my opinion of the man’s character worsened. He was tailored in a fine suit coat and trousers, but the fabric hung over his extremities as though he filched it from a taller chap’s wardrobe. His dwarfish form, however, did not diminish his capacity to repulse even the most robust observer. Since he had not yet acknowledged me, I continued my critical inspection. Initially, his hands were dissatisfying to my sensibilities. I called them hands, only because they extended from a homo sapien, but they were closer to simian than anything else. A bristly, dark hair layered his knuckles and spread between the wedges of his digits. And each of his fingernails had a jagged edge with a black substance encrusted beneath them.
He also emitted a body odor that could’ve caused a hardened mortician to retch. Despite the man’s current inactivity, his acerbic breath was laborious and irregular. But from all of this unpleasantness, I discerned nothing more grossly terrifying than his face as he turned toward me. The same dense hair on his hands sprouted from his sagging jaw. As I mentioned, although no specific deformity spoiled his countenance, the overall effect of a teratogenic disorder seemed plausible. If I had ever encountered a more repugnant man before now, I couldn’t recall it.
I remained shivering in his presence, hoping that my aggressiveness was not misinterpreted as a challenge by his standards. Yet I simply couldn’t ignore the pernicious frown plastered on his lips. He may have given the crude air of a displaced vagabond from the alleys of Soho, but an expression of gratification also factored into his spirit. Before my thoughts gravitated to conversation, I was stricken by a cogent idea. This base fellow who I so blatantly stationed myself beside was not an ordinary Londoner out for a morning turn. At one time he may have indeed merited a reputation as an affable physician among his gentlemen friend, but this was prior to him succumbing to a destructive addiction.
An unbridled man hunched before me now, borne from a chemical seed and flowered by the repression of his primordial instincts. He, who was once a peaceable and practical doctor, now transformed indiscriminately into his odious and maligned other half. The man previously known as Dr. Henry Jekyll only existed as a ruse for the culprit who consumed his subconscious mind. His defiled brain pumped the elixir of a hedonistic dreams into gullies only recently navigated. A concoction of pleasurable feats, no matter how grotesque when examined in a rationale mind, was all that remained for a criminal known to society as Mr. Edward Hyde.
It seemed grimly appropriate that I had visited this impish creation in the aftermath of one of his most atrocious deeds. By this day’s emergence, I presumed Hyde had already bludgeoned Sir Danvers Carew to death, and he revealed nothing in his temperament that hinted he’d refrain from future spectacles of random violence. I, however, had already committed myself to inciting some level of consequential discourse from this savage.
“It looks as though you’ve been out gallivanting all night,” I remarked. Hyde’s sinewy hands clasped the bench’s slats, nearly cracking the brittle wood. He still held a smirk in his expression as if he had a joke’s punch line to dispense. Eventually, after I outstayed the period of tolerance he provided me, Hyde’s raven-black eyes narrowed.
“A bloke such as you could come into some rather severe trouble in the wee hours of morning,” he hissed. The voice was as hoarse and whispery as I might’ve imagined. But as much as I loathed Edward Hyde, I still recognized his value to my plight. I decided to take a delicate approach into the core of this tormentor’s depravities.
“I hope I’m not intruding on your privacy,” I offered.
Hyde’s tone became distinguishably baneful when he asked, “What do you seek from me, sir?”
My hesitation to answer Hyde was spawned from uncertainty. What could have I expected to learn from a man who functioned at the most primitive level of our species? The slightest misinterpretation of any of my words could’ve coaxed Hyde into an unorthodox frenzy. I wasn’t prepared to defend myself from such an onslaught of brutality, but at the same time I knew that I needed to confront what I feared most about my own existence.
“I just stopped to talk to someone,” I responded, but my hope of passing this conference off as a chance encounter became increasingly remote. “If I’m being truthful, you’re the first person I’ve seen today. The park is rather empty.”
“January mornings don’t breed crowds here,” answered Hyde in a gravelly voice. “But since it was your choice to sit beside me, I must conclude that you’re either supremely brave or stupid. In either case, you are at a disadvantage.”
Hyde’s swarthy lips twisted as if he chewed on a coil of barbed wire. A film of froth encircled his mouth, giving him the diseased indicator of a rabid beast. His Cimmerian eyes looked as though they belonged to an incubus rather than a once-docile physician. Had I not known of the extraordinary history that enabled Jekyll to unleash his shadowed side so wholly, I wouldn’t have fathomed that there was a connection between them anymore than Dr. Lanyon had done before his own sudden death.
“Shall we begin, sir?” Hyde murmured. His bid for civility was disguised poorly in this instance, and I rapidly felt cornered by his insistence to communicate. “It’s unlikely that you haven’t been told about me by someone,” he mused.
“We have a common acquaintance,” I said in an attempt to salvage time. “I learned about your haunts from Mr. Utterson.”
“Ah,” said Hyde, “now there’s a fine chap who’d forward nothing but propitious notions in regard to my character.”
I still maintained a feigned ignorance to the duality of his condition. “He, like others, still view you as an enigma. Your friendship with Dr. Jekyll, if I may call it that, is something he doesn’t yet comprehend.” 
Hyde’s voice impaled my eardrums like a handful of rusted needles when he trilled, “Don’t mention that abhorrent name to me ever again.” A seedling of rage germinated in the scoundrel’s eyes, causing his pupils to sprout with an unparalleled ugliness. “It’s fair to say that Henry Jekyll has inhibited me for the entire course of my existence. I detest the very fabric of his being, but at the same time, I cannot separate myself from his company. Even now, as I seek a respite in this park, I wait hatefully for his inevitable return.”
I realized, of course, that at this stage in Jekyll’s experimentation, the mutability between gentleman and malefactor was as interchangeable as London’s fogbanks. Jekyll’s consumption of the formula was no longer necessary for the transformation to commence. In essence, what I witnessed now was a more malevolent force besieging the last traces of kindness from an inferior persona. At this point, I should’ve retreated from the monster’s presence. But as much as I reviled this stunted demon, I felt fixated on his remarks. His wild words influenced my character as if I had quaffed the elixir from the same phial as the now nearly extinguished Dr. Jekyll.
Feral beasts often moistened their jowls in anticipation of a feast, and Hyde’s mannerisms served as a mirror image to this innate reflex. The fiend’s pale tongue squirted between his pursed lips like an ivory dagger. “By now you must have cast aspersions against me,” he continued. “But what if I was to boast to you, sir, that I had a capacity to dine with the finest statesmen in Westminster on one evening, and then frolic seamlessly among the undesirables in Cheapside the next?”
“I’d admit that you were quite skilled at living a double life,” I replied.
Hyde cackled at my insight, and wasn’t intimidated by a possibility that I had already solved the riddle he had so surreptitiously kept. Yet as much as I knew of his double identity, I never sensed a distinct advantage during our conversation. 
“Do you perceive me as a fierce man?” Hyde asked. Once again, I found it advantageous to broach this subject as though it was as potentially volatile as the compounds in Jekyll’s laboratory.
“Is that how you wish to be seen, Mr. Hyde?”
“I’m not one for pretense. Frankly, a man should be recognized for what he is at an intrinsic level, but our society doesn’t make allowances for such behavior. Instead, we are conditioned to stifle our inborn impulses. And here lies the root for all the debauchery knotted between us, sir. Most people are too ashamed to examine the yearnings that strike beneath the surface of their flesh. Unless you are quite adept at deciphering what is less than obvious, you’ll likely never distinguish between good and evil.”
“I know something of your past,” I confessed.
“Now we’re getting to it, aren’t we, sir?”
The pale skin surrounding Hyde’s nose and ears twitched as if it itched from the reverse side of his face. Then those menacing eyes glowered at me like two kilns set ablaze. Mr. Utterson once cogitated that if the devil had ever imprinted his signature on a man’s face, then it would’ve most likely resembled Mr. Hyde. Even though I rarely imagined Satan in any configuration, I couldn’t find an error with such a comparison presently.
Hyde’s voice mutated to almost a husky plea as I pondered my next tactic. “Tell me something about my sins, sir.” I sensed as though he sought to asphyxiate me with my own words, as if my trepidation was a prerequisite to being lynched. But in this instance I decided to challenge this insalubrious creep.
“I’m aware of the murder of one particular gentleman,” I announced. “Given the victim’s elderly age and meekness, such a ferocious and unprovoked attack hardly seemed merited.” My information silenced Hyde momentarily, but only until he managed to collect the air in his lungs to project a maniacal laugh in my direction.
“I wondered if they ever caught the culprit who clubbed Carew into the cobblestones,” he snickered. “From what I’ve been told of the gruesome incident, a heavy cane inflicted much of the fatal damage.”
“The Met hypothesized that the murder weapon belonged to Henry Jekyll.”
Hyde cringed at the pronouncement of his inferior half’s name. He then rocked his torso deliberately upon the bench, perhaps gleefully anticipating his next response to me. “Do you want to know why the old stooge needed to die?” The question, of course, was rhetorical, because Hyde intended on informing me of his incentive whether I shut my ears to it or not. “He lived his life as a liar, and I suppose that’s a recipe for any man’s demise.”
“Why do you presume that Carew was dishonest?”
“He reeked with an air of goodness. I viewed him as a false paragon of virtue. In the channels where I’ve come to analyze men, pretentiousness bleeds most profusely.” The madman stopped swaying his body and wrapped his short arms around his knees like a grouchy lad. His voice became increasingly sonorous as he proceeded. “Some hide their darkest motivations better than others. But as surely as we are resting together here on this bench, we know of the wickedness that men do. Think about how fortunate you felt when you first heard that Carew was trampled in the street. I, for one, smiled with a sense of relief.”
“The maid who witnessed the assault literally passed out. Does that sound like relief to you?”
“The fear of what we are instigates such maladies in a commoner’s mind.”
“But we both know that you aren’t like the average Victorian man, Mr. Hyde,” I countered. Hyde suddenly found it difficult to contain his hysterical laughter, which offended me. “Why do you doubt me? I never rejoiced in another man’s anguish. I only pity men who wish harm to fall upon others.”
“A thread’s thickness divides pity from pleasure,” said Hyde derisively. “But I will say this much: Carew was quite masterful in his masquerade for morality. You, on the other hand, lack the same expertise when it comes to living incognito.”
“What are you implying?”
“Oh, nothing that you don’t already surmise for yourself, sir.”
“You’re far closer to insanity than I realized.”
“Be that as it may, you needn’t play coy with me any longer. You must realize that I find it strangely refreshing to converse with a fellow who dons his impieties like a thorny crown.”
This rogue ’s knack for manipulating people to mend his purposes shouldn’t have startled me, but I still felt compelled to defend myself from such slanderous accusations. “You don’t know what you’re talking about,” I countered. “I’ve never hurt anyone in my entire life.”
“Ah, but you’ve contemplated it, sir.”
“Why do you presume that?”
“Wolves hunt in packs just as maggots feed in hoards. We know our own kind well. But don’t be ashamed for embracing your instinctive desires, sir. There’s an entire city of plebian dwellers already living under such a restrictive code. Wouldn’t it be foolhardy to join their ranks for the mere convenience of anonymity?”
I despised Hyde as much as any man ever loathed anything, and this revulsion festered in my brain like a blister. My choice to depart his company seemed obvious, yet I couldn’t budge from the bench. It felt as though Hyde had latched me into place with the brute force of his hands, but he made no motion toward me. I simply elected to stay on my own freewill and absorb his noxious words like a drug flowing through my veins.
“Tell me what riles you, sir,” Hyde resumed.
“Why must there be anything at all?” I questioned.
“There’s always something.”
Hyde must’ve uncovered an internal rage that I had not taken time to nurture. But he had an ability to skim the layers of goodness from my character. With this thin mantle now stripped away, the spitefulness fermenting beneath my flesh ignited every synapse within my brain. I had no current means to determine if my own physical shell had altered as much as Dr. Jekyll’s, but Hyde studied me as if I had finally submitted to the bitterness whipping inside of me like a rancid wind.
“Are you ready to confess yet?” Hyde goaded me.
“I’ve done nothing wrong.”
“If we must speak in particulars, sir, then tell me what wrong you plan to do.”
“There’s no plan,” I shivered.
“You lie as only a man can,” he persisted.
The more consideration I devoted to Hyde’s inquest caused me to realize that he was not entirely wrong about me. He tenaciously erased my lines of denial, leaving me powerless to confront the part of my persona that I was most ashamed to face.
“There’s one thing that troubles me,” I admitted. “It’s about my wife.”
“Do tell?”
“I’m convinced she’s been unfaithful. I haven’t been dealing with the aftermath very well.”
“I see,” said Hyde, wetting his scaly lips with his tongue. “There’s more to this story though. Let me have the details.”
“She’s been sleeping with my best friend. Isn’t that enough?”
“It’s more than what any man needs to fashion a motive.”
“A motive for what?”
“Remember, sir, we’re alone here. Don’t be obtuse with me. Stop cowering behind a paper shield. We both know it’s far too shredded to protect you now. It’s time you nurture and release your rage on the deserving parties.”
“This is my wife and best friend I’m talking about.”
“Ha! Who better to bear the bloody brunt of your shame than an adulterous wife and traitorous friend? The fact that they still breathe the same air as you and me is a mark against your masculinity.”
“Stop it!” I implored. “Do you really believe I could ever be as villainous as you, Mr. Hyde?”
“You are me, and I am you. Have we not already established our connection?”
“No,” I resisted. “You’re the type of vile man who’d trample an innocent child in the street, as you have already proven. I don’t operate with the senseless hatred that fuels your actions. If there was anything ever good about you, I’m afraid it has mostly withered.”
Hyde entwined his knobby fingers and settled his hands across his lap. For a moment he seemed content to let me marinate in my own words. Once again, I revisited the detestation I felt for this instigator, but it wasn’t potent enough to cause me to retreat from him. If anything, I leaned in closer to mount my futile defense.
“My wife is a good woman,” I told Hyde. “But even good people can make poor choices.”
“Very well, sir, but would you extend the same concession toward the man who murdered Sir Danvers Carew? Couldn’t it be stated that his choice to kill was merely a momentary lapse of reason and outside the boundaries of his normal behavior?”
“Murder is never justifiable.”
“But revisit your own feelings when you first discovered that your wife was bedding your best friend. Didn’t you wish them both dead? Consider this: two forbidden lovers, writhing in the filthy sheets together, and laughing like lunatics at your gullibility. How could you not want to orchestrate their suffering and demise?”
“Vengeance won’t make my pain disappear.”
“But it will numb the symptoms for a spell, sir, as efficiently as any apothecary’s drug.”
“I won’t hurt my wife!” My voice trembled with a ferocity that I didn’t even realize existed within my vocal cords. Hyde kept his eyes focused onto mine as he evaluated my pledge’s credibility.
“Perhaps your wound is still much too fresh,” he pondered. “In such cases, the infection must be permitted proper time to spread. Be mindful, however, that if the lesion doesn’t heal, it shall become gangrenous and destroy you.”
“That won’t happen. I’ve overcome many hardships in my life before. I will not succumb to my own bitterness. You will never be able to convince me otherwise.”
Hyde looked at me pitifully before saying, “Well, I suppose this is where I should thank you for turning my way in the park this morning. You’ll stand by your convictions for as long as it remains reasonable to do so, but every good fellow eventually finds his way back to me. What you may currently refer to madness, sir, will ultimately be your salvation.”
I closed my eyes and wished for Hyde to dissolve from my nightmares forever. Yet even after the reprobate departed, I sensed traces of his presence lingering in my consciousness. I sought to dismiss his theory of my disposition as nonsensical prattle, but the darkness he spoke of wasn’t as absurd as I originally hoped. I felt it coursing through my bloodstream like a virulent medicine. Just as Dr. Jekyll had discovered, once the potion invaded my bloodstream, it would not release me in the identical condition as I once was.
As I brooded about my uncertain future in the Regent’s Park, isolated from everything but my own ruminations, I listened to the wind wrestling with the trees’ naked limbs. I felt my heartbeat softening as the sun’s rays dappled my face like a warm ointment. In such moments, with the sunlight soothing my skin, I sensed an inner peace with my surroundings. Why couldn’t all my moments be so uncomplicated? Until now, I presumed I was virtually invincible to all the impediments in my life. But the Hyde hidden within me was not encamped too far away. It waited to awaken like a dormant parasite primed to devour what remained of my humanity.


Chapter 45

1:12 P.M.


After returning to the reality of my surroundings, I realized that I was alone at my desk. My arms dangled listlessly at my sides, trembling involuntarily. But I had already anticipated these lingering symptoms of my disorder. Gradually, as my vision cleared, I glanced toward the clock stationed above my classroom’s door. The dull ache encompassing my head caused me to recall my appointment with Dr. Pearson. I still had another hour and thirty-three minutes before I was due to see him. At this moment, I didn’t even know if I still possessed the energy to make it to his office. Just driving the two and a half miles to the medical complex without passing out seemed like an insurmountable task at this point.
Maybe it was safer for me to take refuge from this day’s events inside my classroom, but I was quickly schooled to the contrary. Within a few seconds, a peculiar odor seeped through the room’s ventilation system. I, of course, recognized the metallic fragrance from earlier today on several occasions, but I had yet to identify its source—until now. Certain aromas, such as an old book, a newly opened jar of PLAY-DOH, or maybe a freshly mown lawn in spring always provoked remembrances. For me, the sense of smell became a portal to my youth, and perhaps one of the few credible pathways to traveling backwards through time.
When I was a young boy, perhaps not more than ten-years-old, I remembered forcing myself to stay up late in the summertime in order to greet my father when he returned home from his third shift at the labeling plant. Sometimes I’d drift to sleep in front of the television set, while Boris Karloff or Vincent Price hammed it up in those irreplaceable late-night thrillers that sculpted my imagination. On many of these humid evenings, I was awakened by a scent that hinted of my father’s arrival. After finding me on the living room’s couch, he’d reach down with his calloused hand and playfully muss my hair, and invariably deposited a peculiar smell on my clothing and skin from his own. Apparently, the solvent used at the factory was pungent and easily transferable. My father most likely never noticed this distinct odor, but my mother must’ve berated him for fifteen thousand nights that it wasn’t healthy to wear his work clothes into the house. Whether the substance was toxic or not made no difference in my mind; I just knew that it always reminded me of my father coming back home.
Until this morning, that labeling glue was far removed from my memory. But the custodian brought it back to me on a day that I most needed it. And here it was again, as distinct as any other common stench permeating this school’s corridors. I assumed the custodian must’ve worked with the same chemicals as my father had done years ago. At any rate, it was impossible for the custodian to surprise me with his approach. I immediately noticed the man standing outside my closed door. He stopped momentarily in view through the door’s panel of glass, posing with his thick-handled broom as if he had nothing else to do other than antagonize me.
I didn’t even try to avoid his inquisitive gaze at this stage. My earlier request that he remained outside range of my eyes (and nose) obviously proved unconvincing in his mind. Rather than dismiss him in hopes that it might’ve altered his routine, I offered him a conciliatory nod of my chin. He took this obligatory gesture as an invitation to open the door and waltz inside my classroom.
“You know, we have to stop meeting like this,” he said with a mocking musicality in his tone. “I mean what are the odds that we’d see each other again today?”
“Considering that you’re stalking me around the building, I’d say they’re darn good.” Since my voice wasn’t too threatening, the custodian ambled closer to my desk. As always, his prop piece served as a crutch more so than a cleaning device. He leaned on that broom’s handle as if he had one leg rather than two. But I was more concerned with something else now. “Since you’re here, I wanted to ask you what kind of wax you’re using to polish these floors?”
The custodian flashed me a peculiar grin, before holding up the bristled end of his broom for my inspection. “This is just a dry broom,” he replied, seemingly perplexed by my inquiry.
“You were cleaning with a mop before,” I noted. “But whatever you’re putting down on the tiles has an odd smell to it, don’t you think?”
He then sniffed at the air like a hound dog on the scent of a quail. Then he gesticulated his arms in an exaggerated fashion and said, “I don’t smell anything, Cobbs. But if you want to get a nose full of foul scents around this place, search no farther than the boy’s locker room after gym. That’s fetid enough to knock a carcass back into consciousness.”
“No, that’s not what I mean. This is different,” I insisted. “I’m talking about a chemical odor, maybe like an adhesive solvent. Do you use anything like that?”
“You mean like glue?”
“Yes, that’s exactly what I mean. Don’t you smell it, too?”
The custodian tilted his nose toward the ventilation grate in the room’s ceiling, inhaling the circulating air wistfully. He then declared, “Sorry. I don’t smell anything like you’re describing. And I can’t remember the last time I used any glue around this school. Must be your imagination.”
Perhaps the custodian was right. I supposed it was possible for my mind to replicate the scent, thereby making it only distinguishable to me. But I wasn’t yet satisfied with this explanation. I stood up from my desk, and motioned toward the custodian as if I aimed to take hold of him. I didn’t touch the man, but I angled my face close enough to his body to catch a whiff of his overalls. I determined that the glue’s odor was not any stronger or weaker in proximity to my position to him.
“This doesn’t make any sense,” I stated. “Before I saw you standing outside my door, I didn’t smell anything unusual. Now I can’t get the glue’s scent out of my nose.”
“Maybe this mysterious glue-smell is trying to tell us something,” the custodian suggested.
“Like what?”
“Could it be that we have a special bond together now?” he quipped.
“You know, you’re the only man I ever met who puns more terribly than I do.”
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“Please don’t.”
“Look, I know it’s been a tough day for you, Cobbs,” the custodian said in his appeasing manner. “But are you really surprised that things aren’t going so smoothly? It wouldn’t be a bad idea if you just took the rest of the day off. Go fishing, or catch a flick.”
I paused in my thoughts about the glue to consider another quandary. “How do you know what kind of a day I’m having anyway?” I asked.
“Are you kidding me? Have you taken a gander in the mirror lately, ol’ friend? You’re not exactly looking like a sculpture by Michelangelo. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you look so haggard before.”
In this observation I couldn’t fault the custodian’s veracity, but that still didn’t compel me to entertain his company more than necessary. I attempted to usher him out of my classroom, but the man always dished out intriguing words when I least wanted to indulge in them.
“Before you get back to teaching, I’d like to pick your brain for a minute.”
Did I even need to mention that he’d been digging at my mind all day? My response was somewhat sarcastic. “I thought you already had all the answers to everything there is to know.”
“No one bats a thousand,” he said without a hiccup in his delivery. “I just wanted to get your opinion on the big brouhaha that went on here earlier today between Drew Mincer and that homely kid.”
“His name is Stanley Glacer,” I returned defensively. “And I don’t think the fight turned out to be much of anything. I’m just glad nobody really got hurt, especially Stanley.”
“I guess I’m more interested in what happened prior to the fight,” the custodian mentioned almost as an afterthought. “The way I heard it, you talked to both boys separately before they actually fought.”
“Who told you that?”
“It’s not important. I don’t pay attention to those little details. I was just wondering how you think you handled the situation?”
If the custodian’s question was genuine, it struck me as insensitive at best. But it also triggered my ire for another reason. “You really think it’s appropriate to follow me around this school all day, don’t you?”
“We’ve been through this already, Cobbs. Do you want to answer my question or not?”
“I don’t like your accusatory tone,” I told him.
“Did I accuse you of anything? I merely asked you how you think you managed the situation. Is that so wrong?”
“It sounds like you’re implying that I didn’t do enough to prevent the fight. I took the necessary steps to stop it, but we both know that it didn’t work out in my favor. Does that answer your question?”
The custodian bowed his chin contritely before saying, “Sorry if I offended you, Cobbs. Don’t take everything so personally, though. And by the way, I just thought you’d like to know that there’s still time to amend things.”
“What are you talking about now?”
“Must I spell everything out for an English teacher?”
I suddenly suspected that this custodian had acquired information not yet known to me. But, as always, his motivations remained elusive. For reasons I didn’t presently understand, he averted my eyes when I turned toward him.
“I don’t have time to solve any riddles,” I told him flatly. “If you have something to say, then do so.”
“Wow,” the custodian sighed, “you really are trussed tighter than the Gordian Knot. But, seeing that you’re not in the shrewdest gumshoe in town, I’ll make it easy for you. Think back to this morning. Do you remember where you first spoke to Stanley?”
Although I couldn’t claim that my memory was as foolproof as it once had been, this detail was still vivid in my mind. “We were in the boys’ lavatory.”
“The one near the principal’s office?”
“Yeah. I think so.”
The custodian nodded his head approvingly at what I deemed as an insignificant recollection. Surprisingly, he didn’t follow up with any comment, leaving me to further speculate where his intentions lied. I watched him curiously as he resumed sweeping the spotless floor with his broom. I assumed he was stalling on purpose to heighten my dander again.
“Why do you care where I initially spoke to Stanley anyway?” I asked.
“When I’m trying to solve a problem, Cobbs, I always go back to the beginning.”
“What problem? The fight between Drew and Stanley is over. Drew is in Lemus’s office right now.”
“So that’s it then? You really think everything is going to be hunky-dory now that Lemus has stepped in, huh?”
“I’m not sure what to think. I just don’t see the relevance in what you’re saying to me at the moment.”
“You will. But in case you’re not too handy at untying intricate pieces of information, I’ll give you an Alexandrian Solution. Go back to that lavatory and take another careful look around. There might be more for you to see.”
“Why? What am I supposed to be looking for?”
“I just replaced two fluorescent bulbs over the stalls,” he mentioned as he might have addressed a fleeting notion. “Kids have no respect for school property nowadays. Two of those bulbs were deliberately shattered. And you can’t see too clearly in a dark bathroom, right? ”
“You’re not making any sense,” I insisted. “What do you want me to search for in the lavatory?”
The custodian leaned closer to my ear and simply whispered, “Anything that doesn’t belong there.”
Seemingly by design, this custodian had adopted a habit of divulging too much information when I least wanted to hear it and not nearly enough when I did. In this instance, his words sounded almost admonitory. In spite of my eagerness to learn more from him, he opted to remain mute on the topic. He continued to sweep the floor as if I wasn’t currently a factor in his present stream of thought. Rather than labor with his vague methods of communication, I decided to appease my own curiosity. Honestly, I hadn’t given the lavatory a second thought since my interaction with Stanley, but I now felt obligated to inspect the premises as instructed. As I departed my classroom, I didn’t bother to excuse myself from the custodian. Besides, I had no qualms that I’d be sans his presence for a period longer than I’d regret.
Due to its proximity to the main office, the boys’ lavatory in question was noticeably empty during instructional time. Even the corridor outside the principal’s office lacked the typical number of dawdlers, which in turn provided Lemus with a flawed assumption that the students were always in class on time. As I turned into the corridor on this occasion, however, I noticed one boy hesitating outside the lavatory’s door. Given the peculiar nature of my mission, his reluctance to walk in either direction seized my attention. After I moved closer toward the boy, I recognized his bulging green knapsack. Only one other student in this school carted a piece of luggage on his back like a day-glow turtle, and that was how I usually spotted Harold Wagner.
Since Harold’s eyes remained fixated on the lavatory’s door as though he was assessing its grade of hardwood, he didn’t acknowledge my approach. But before I managed to startle him, he ducked sneakily into the bathroom. I maintained my gait until reaching the same door, but hesitated to follow him inside immediately. What was I doing? Why had I permitted a custodian to manipulate my actions as though he was tinkering with a child’s intellect? I felt embarrassed for being so easily piloted. I almost retreated from the door, but then I remembered what Miss Dixon had shown me on Harold’s cell-phone.
My procrastination instigated a headache, but rather than forfeit my position and potentially succumb to another episode, I charged forward into the lavatory as if primed to infiltrate a drug cartel. What I witnessed inside was a far less adrenaline-pumping scenario. Harold stood in front of the lavatory’s sink basin washing his hands. He initially seemed startled by my brisk entrance, but made no movement to suggest that he was doing anything outside the norm. I immediately surveyed the restroom, including the four stalls, which were unoccupied. Nothing seemed unusual, and as the custodian had indicated, the fluorescent lights in the ceiling were all replaced.
Beneath the fresh glow of artificial light, Harold’s face appeared noticeably pallid, but perhaps none more so than my own. Unusually, he dispensed more soap on his hands than I’d ever seen a teenager use before, and lathered it between his palms until the suds leeched through the creases in his fingers. He remained committed to washing his hands, even after my reflection cast visibly into the mirror mounted on the wall in front of him.
“Harold,” I said, keeping my voice pitched just modestly above the sound of the faucet’s rushing water. “Aren’t you supposed to be in class right now?” Seeing that he wasn’t violating any rules, I didn’t know what to say to him at first. Harold, who was rarely lost for words, responded nonverbally to my question by pointing to a yellow hall pass on a dry portion of the sink’s surface. I didn’t bother checking the pass. I was more concerned with his austereness and the fervency in which he continued to slather soap in his hands. His frenzied cleansing prompted me to jest, “Out, damned spot!”
Harold usually extended at least an artificial smirk towards my literary allusions, but not this time. I waited until the water stopped and he dried his hands before proceeding to inveigle any further information out of him. “I was a little confused when I saw you standing out in the hallway a few minutes ago. It looked like you didn’t want to come in here for some reason.”
The gawky boy shrugged his shoulders before bending to retrieve his knapsack lying on the tiles beside a wastepaper basket. His eyes remained focused on the floor rather than my face. “Did I do something wrong, Mr. Cobbs?” he asked unrepentantly.
“No, I didn’t say that.”
“But you barged in here like a storm trooper chasing Han Solo,” he noted. I couldn’t challenge the boy’s observation. Perhaps my anxiety was a bit premature, but I wasn’t prepared to let him exit the lavatory until he alleviated whatever concerns I may have formed. Even when Harold wasn’t in my classroom, I expected him to greet me with one or two of his odd-but-true tales. But he also omitted this from his repartee. Instead, he replaced his loquaciousness with a blank, reserved expression.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” I asked him. “You don’t look like you’re feeling very well.”
Harold angled his arms through the straps of his book bag and looked at me standoffishly. “I’m fine. “You know, Mr. Cobbs, you’re looking a bit sickly yourself.”
It wasn’t necessary for me to confirm Harold’s criticism by checking my image in the mirror, but his deflection of my question didn’t yet pacify my suspicions. Although I purposely blocked Harold’s path from exiting the lavatory, he could’ve easily angled around me. I had no right to detain him any longer. My only hope to extend our conversation was to abruptly bring up the text message from his cell-phone.
“As long as you’re here,” I mentioned, “I wanted to ask you about something.” The boy’s cheeks puffed out as if he had difficulty exhaling. I presumed my persistence was doing exactly as I hoped. “Miss Dixon told me that she found your cell-phone in her classroom earlier today.”
“So?”
“Did you lose your cell-phone, Harold?”
Harold patted his pockets as if just noticing his phone was missing. “Oh, I must’ve forgot it in her class after all. I’m glad she found it, though.”
“Well, she wasn’t so thrilled about what she accidentally discovered on it.”
“What do you mean?” Harold replied innocently.
“She showed me a text message that you sent to someone with the initials S.G. Does that sound familiar to you?” Harold’s reluctance to respond immediately in regard to this matter caused me to deduce that he had more to divulge than he was willing to confess. As he fidgeted in place, perhaps trying to formulate an explanation to my query, I noticed his eyes shifting periodically to examine the four stalls behind me. I pivoted in my stance to where he aimed his gaze, but noticed nothing unusual other than the door to the fourth stall being partially ajar.
“Miss Dixon was a little upset by what she read in that one message,” I continued.
“What can I say? She must get bent out of shape pretty easily.”
“So the message to S.G. didn’t mean anything?”
Harold hesitated again, this time furrowing his brow as if inconvenienced by the uncertainty in my own voice. “I don’t even remember half the things I text to my friends,” he finally revealed.
“You mentioned a plan happening of some kind, and indicated that there’s no backing out of it.” The boy’s lips tightened as he processed my words. “Does it ring a bell now?”
“Ah, that’s right. Yeah. I wrote it. What’s the big deal anyway?”
“The text seems rather cryptic, don’t you think?”
“Only if you’re paranoid. It’s just a reminder for senior cut day, that’s all.”
Senior cut day was an unsanctioned excuse for every twelfth-grader to skip all their classes on a designated day before graduation. It was a covert tradition passed down from year-to-year by the upperclassmen. Harold didn’t strike me as a helmsman for such an operation, but I didn’t have any solid evidence to disprove his account save for one fact.
“You haven’t cut my class all year, Harold,” I remarked. “Why would you be so gung-ho on doing it now?”
“I don’t know. I’m only a senior in high school once, right?” His voice still crackled as if he was in the midst of puberty. “A lot of kids skip class everyday, and I’ve never seen you get on their cases before.”
Harold was right, of course. I’d been remiss in my duties for far too many years, and certainly couldn’t expect to rectify all of my shortcomings in one day. But something in the boy’s mannerisms still seemed irregular to me. Even beneath the intensity of the fluorescent bulbs, his face glistened with more sweat than I deemed reasonable.
“Are you nervous about something?” I asked.
“Why? Should I be?”
“I just want to make sure you’re telling me the truth.”
“I have nothing to hide from you, Mr. Cobbs. You shouldn’t worry about me.”
“May I ask you something else then?”
“I guess so.”
“It’s about this person with the initials S.G. Do you want to tell me his full name?”
Harold appeared peeved by my questioning, which rapidly digressed into an interrogation. “I don’t see why that’s important,” he returned. “Does Miss Dixon still have my phone?”
“She might, but there’s a good chance she already turned it into Dr. Lemus’s office.” Harold’s complexion turned a bit more ashen as he digested that possibility. If I pressed him harder now, the fissures in his defense might’ve cracked apart like a war-torn facade. “She was almost convinced that you were planning to do something drastic.”
“The lady must have a vivid imagination. I can’t explain it. Maybe she’s watching too much television.”
Beforehand, I might’ve concurred with Harold’s assessment, but now I wasn’t so swift to undermine Miss Dixon’s cautionary habits. At this point, Harold’s poise stabilized as he gradually discerned that I had no tangible details to prevent him from exiting the lavatory.
“I should get back to class now,” he suggested, while grabbing the slip of paper from the sink.”
“So that’s it then? Are you sure you don’t have anything else to tell me?” My words were fraught with desperation now, and this boy had too much savvy to misinterpret his blatant advantage.
“Unless Dr. Lemus has changed school policy since this morning,” he said glibly, “then I don’t think a student can get into any trouble for just texting about cutting class, can he?”
“Technically, no. But here’s what I believe, Harold, and feel free to correct me if I stray too far from the truth. I’m sure by now that you’ve heard that Stanley Glacer had a fight today with Drew Mincer.”
“What does that have to do with me?”
“I was thinking that the S.G. in your text message is Stanley Glacer. Are you two friends?”
Harold displayed his indecision again as he locked his eyes on a neutral place on the bathroom’s wall. Several seconds elapsed before he admitted, “We talk now and then. I see him in the hallways after second period. Is that also an unwritten violation?”
“Then you boys don’t have any classes together?” I remarked, ignoring his sarcasm.
“Nope.”
“So it’s likely that you did send Stanley that message, isn’t it?”
“What’s the difference, Mr. Cobbs?”
This was where I became tongue-tied, only because I didn’t yet know if the text message mattered at all. Presently, I had no basis to accuse Harold of anything more aggressive than plotting to cut school. Maybe Harold didn’t respect or trust me to assist him with any real calamities he might’ve faced. Either way, I was powerless to keep him from returning to his classroom. He stepped around me with his head still slunk toward the tiles. Before he left, however, he stopped momentarily by the lavatory’s door and offered me a forlorn glance. I felt as though he tried to channel the courage to transmit a telepathic plea for help, but the gesture was fleeting. In another second, he pushed open the door and left me standing alone. I then listened to an unremitting plop of water dripping from the sink’s faucet.
I gradually centered my attention on another conundrum. It didn’t rate as a significant problem until I realized that I hadn’t fully inspected the lavatory. My eyes then swerved toward the toilets’ petitioned walls. The fourth stall’s door still swung ajar on its hinge. This discrepancy inclined me to give it a closer look. I approached the stall’s door tentatively, almost expecting it to fly open and whack me in the head. But, as I indicated earlier, no one was inside the enclosure. I might’ve turned away at this instance if it was not for the glue’s aroma seeping into my nostrils again. As I clasped my fingers on the door’s metal latch, the odor intensified. The smell became so concentrated that I felt justified in inspecting the three other stalls to make certain the custodian wasn’t hiding inside. My search proved unproductive.
Still unfulfilled with my examination, I returned to the fourth stall and pushed its door fully open. The toilet appeared virtually unused; its white surface reflected the overhead light of the newly installed fluorescent bulbs. The only evidence of this toilet being visited since its last sterilization existed in the form of a single sheet of tissue paper stuck to the seat’s bottom rim. I normally wouldn’t have bothered to check into this matter any further, but the glue’s noxious fumes wafted into my face with the dizzying impact of a hypnotist’s command.
Within seconds, I sensed my legs bending like rubbery sticks toward the toilet. I managed to hold myself partially upright against the ceramic fixture, but my knees already connected with the tiles. Now under the trance of the glue’s pungent fumes, I leaned forward toward the bowl, angling my face over the blue-tinged water. A feverish urge to vomit overwhelmed me, but I hadn’t eaten anything to cause me to regurgitate anything more than a mouthful of bile. The bitterness of this substance forced me to grapple the toilet with both hands as if I was intent on ripping it from the floor.
Eventually, my sensation to puke subsided and my throat muscles relaxed, but the throbbing in my temples had nullified any sense of relief. If I had to pass out again, I didn’t want to be discovered drowned prone in toilet water. In a bid to regain my stance, I leaned my torso forward and pressed my forehead against the plumbing pipes attached to the wall behind the toilet. The metal pipes felt cool against my skin, and I managed to stabilize myself for a few seconds. But I knew this was only a brief amnesty from the onset of another episode.
Then, before my hands released the bowl, I repositioned my grip near its base. It was here that I felt something strange—something that didn’t belong. My fingers brushed up against a metallic object. Although I couldn’t yet see the item, I knew that it was not attached to the toilet. I then readjusted my gaze so that I could see behind the toilet. The room’s brightness, (courtesy of the recently replaced bulbs), dissolved any shadows from this area. My eyes immediately flooded with dread at what I observed. A steel casing gleamed under the weight of my hand. I flinched and then withdrew my fingers, allowing me to uncover a small caliber handgun.
For a moment I stared at the gun as if it wasn’t truly there, but no amount of blinking or wishing on my part made the weapon vanish. As I retracted my hand, I realized that my fingertips had already contaminated the piece. Whoever left the gun here certainly did so by design, but I doubt it was meant for my detection. And now my prints were deposited on the weapon. I couldn’t ignore the simple science of this gun being recovered and linked to me at a later time. Whether I wanted to accept the responsibility or not, this gun could not be ignored.
At present, I could only surmise this weapon’s purpose and speculate on who hid it here. Was it the custodian? He must’ve stashed it here for me to find. But why would he go to such lengths to frighten me? I maneuvered my hand methodically back to the gun. I then grasped its wooden handle as tenderly as butterfly landing on a wildflower’s petal. I had never touched a weapon before, and it caused my palm to tremble with a vigorous sensation. In this same instance, my head continued to pulsate. I drew the weapon closer to me, but then released it again when I could no longer sustain the symptoms of my distress. Despite my resistance, my legs betrayed me once again, and I collapsed against the toilet like an invalid deprived of his wheelchair. It soon became inevitable that I had no chance of escaping this predicament for at least three additional minutes. While leaning against the stall’s petition, I cocked my head back and stared up languidly into the fluorescent bulbs’ white glare. No amount of light, however, barred my vision from fading into the innermost regions of blackness.


Chapter 46

1:26 P.M.


When the light returned to my eyes I was standing in the midst of a city’s avenue that somehow seemed recognizable to my former travels. An expansive cobblestone boulevard hinted to an earlier period, and this supposition proved correct when I noticed a few horse drawn omnibuses sporadically maneuvering through the dusky premises. I walked farther into a neighborhood where an alignment of Georgian terraces appeared in proper order. Between random passageways of some of these buildings, I detected a few street urchins surveying me with more scrutiny than I considered regular. It was nearing nightfall, and the glow of oil lamps cast luminously from the windows of numerous dwellings. But none of these observations proved telling to my precise whereabouts until I came upon the marker of one of the most recognized addresses in all of London.
My arrival at the front stoop of 221B Baker Street left little speculation on the character of my next acquaintance. The illumination in the flat’s second-story window provided me with a fine vantage point into the study of England’s most celebrated detective. And in silhouette, pacing two and fro in full view of a bowed window overlooking Baker Street, I recognized the angular figure of Sherlock Holmes at work. With his sharp chin apparently dipped against his chest, it seemed a fair guess on my part to conclude that he had already noticed me watching him. I gathered that he had more pertinent matters to contemplate on this twilight, but it didn’t deter me from my objective.
With the element of surprise now eliminated, I moved forward and ascended the seventeen steps leading to the threshold of Holmes’s modest abode. I hoped he intended to waive his initial consultation fee, as I had no gold currency to amend for my unannounced visitation. From what I recalled of Holmes’s customary practices, he extended few courtesies to those who solicited unpaid services. Nevertheless, as I supposed it was in the cases with most of his sundry clientele, I hoped for a dash of his English hospitality. As I neared the last step in the flight of stairs, I watched Holmes’s shadow swerve toward the direction of his parlor. His attention centered on the door I hadn’t yet knocked upon. After a few moments, I rapped my knuckles three times on the door’s hardwood panel.
When the door didn’t open immediately, I wondered if Holmes’s chronicler and friend, Dr. John H. Watson, had detained him for one matter or another. Perhaps they were engaged in the process of inductively solving a three-pipe problem, and therefore would’ve been especially objectionable toward my intrusion. But, much to my astonishment, the master inspector himself swung open the door to acknowledge me. The tall, middle-aged gentleman struck me as an individual whose pretentious demeanor was only marginally surpassed by a superior intellect. Before seeing Holmes in the flesh, I naively presumed that he donned his inverness cape and deerstalker cap whenever in the company of strangers. But in this instance, he appeared in his time-honored smoking jacket with an equally identifiable long pipe of black tobacco smoldering in front of his visage.
Based on his stoic reaction to my arrival, I assumed he had encountered countless such intermissions in the past. Since I was well schooled in his formidable repute as a sleuth, it made no sense for me to pretend that I had unintentionally stumbled upon his residence to partake in small talk.
I must’ve sounded unbearably humdrum to Holmes when I announced, “Good evening to you, sir.” The detective already appeared to pen notes with his eyes as he scanned my exterior. His high-domed forehead reflected the lamplight shining through his doorway.

“It remains uncertain if this will indeed be a good evening,” Holmes declared while puffing on his pipe, “because, as we both can duly observe, the evening is not yet quite upon us.”
Holmes motioned toward a single window at the hallway’s end.  Through the window’s half-drawn shade, I saw a rim of orange light thinning in London’s western sky. This single detail reminded me that Holmes was a man who practiced precision in every uttered syllable. Without any further introduction, he proceeded to take two steps backwards from the entrance, offering me immediate access into a passage at the top of the stairs. I silently questioned Holmes’s hastiness in this choice. By virtue of his skills alone, he inherited his share of enemies at this stage in his career. Why did he so instantaneously conclude that I wasn’t a henchman sent by his archenemy Professor Moriarty? Before following him any further, I decided to test his renowned logic.
“Aren’t you interested in knowing who I am?” I inquired.
Holmes inhaled pensively on his pipe, releasing a plum of blue smoke into the stairwell. Then, without any recognizable uncertainty, he murmured, “If you were a man of prominence you would’ve announced your identity by now. Therefore, I’ve already determined that you are a chap in search of something not currently visible.”
“Forgive me for playing the role of a sinister advocate, Mr. Holmes, but couldn’t I just as easily be a common thief?”
“Not at all,” replied Holmes placidly. “Conventional sense dictates that even an amateurish crook wouldn’t stand absent a disguise on a street and stare blatantly into an obviously occupied home.”
“Fair enough,” I conceded, “but I could be a culprit targeting you.”
“Again, logic speaks to the contrary, sir. A man of nefarious intent doesn’t plod seventeen treads of stair as deafeningly as you’ve demonstrated. Therefore, as a matter of irrefutable evidence, your lack of stealth coupled with a rap of thrice upon my door, verifies you as nothing more or less baleful than a potential client.”
Now humbled by Holmes’s almost infallible methods of elimination, I paced inside his foyer toward a second chestnut door. Before the artful detective changed his course of direction, I stepped into a spacious sitting room that served as Holmes’s primary living area. I anticipated seeing Watson, perhaps sitting attentively in a velvet-lined armchair closest to the room’s bow window. The chair, however, was unoccupied, and unless Watson had retired to his bedroom upstairs, Holmes and I now shared these quarters in privacy.
As Watson noted on numerous occasions, Holmes was a meticulous organizer, but impulsive impressions sometimes generated contrary opinions. At first glance, an untrained observer might’ve assumed that Holmes never discarded anything he came across. Every nook and crevice of this room housed something worth studying. I immediately ogled a glass-globed gasogene set in one corner, and an often-played violin propped nearby in another. Even when lounging, Holmes’s surroundings revealed little space for recreational pursuits. A chemical table, splashed with stains, showcased his dedication to the sciences.
The seemingly random documents of a criminal and non-criminal origin strewn throughout the room may have resembled clutter to a maidservant’s eye, but Holmes had fastidiously positioned most objects here, right down to a coalscuttle preserving his cigars to a Persian slipper bulging with a toe full of tobacco. As it was with most eccentrics, the pieces of this jigsaw puzzle remained perfectly arranged for assemblage at any given moment by the clever coordinator himself.
Sherlock Holmes’s bohemian habits were well documented and sometimes criticized by his dutiful companion, and therefore I showed no signs of shock or disappointment when setting sight upon a leather case containing a syringe for his seven per-cent solution. I had no misconceptions about Holmes’s drug addictions, which by the standards of my own time would’ve branded him as a lawbreaker.
Holmes took a stance patiently at the room’s rear facing the opposite window. He appeared content to let me examine his premises until I became acclimated to its décor. An odor of acrid tobacco stirred like a mystic’s vapors in the air, and hints of cigarette smoke and other potentially toxic fumes churned unpleasantly in my nostrils. Holmes, however, displayed no visible indicators that anything fogged his judgment. After a few seconds, I decided to discover my limitations, if any, in regards to our conversation.
“Is Dr. Watson here now?” I asked somewhat abruptly.
Holmes nibbled dispassionately on the stem of his long pipe before responding, “I’m afraid my Boswell has abandoned all sense of reason for the fleeting thrills of a woman’s affection. He’s been married for some time now, and fits neatly into that mode of thinking.”
Although I would’ve never proposed this theory aloud, I believed that Holmes envied Watson’s conventional wisdom at times, and certainly missed his company. Rather than tempt a retraction of his graciousness, I decided to move forward with my own business. “Would you like me to inform you of my purposes now?” I asked.
“Let’s proceed in my own way,” Holmes suggested dryly.
It was no mystery to me that Holmes delighted in flexing his perceptive muscles whenever a chance arose. Since I marveled at the way he constructed substantial pieces of information from what registered as commonplace fragments to most individuals, I was receptive to his invitation to sit beside his fireplace. I situated myself in a chair near a bearskin hearthrug, while Holmes found comfort on the corner cushion of his settee, giving his eyes full access to my face. For an unknown reason, I suddenly felt edgy, and my hands grappled the chair’s arms with mysterious force. In the midst of this, Holmes kindly offered me a cigar or cigarette to minimize my anxiousness. I refused both products, but refrained from lecturing him on the injurious affects of smoking tobacco.
Even if I intended to harbor secrets from Holmes, he would’ve had to been comatose to misinterpret my tension. Not even the keenest minds in Scotland Yard visited this address to pontificate on covert matters. In every instance, the reverse circumstance became inevitable. I, therefore, listened obediently as Holmes dissected my character with his unique and still unrivaled prowess.
“It’s rather observable that you’re a novice to these streets,” he started. “And, if I may be so bold, a man with a cosmopolitan taste for fashion. In all my travels, I’ve yet to encounter such eclectic attire as your own.”
Holmes stalled for my reaction, but I was committed to keep my expression as blank as the pad of pink paper set on the edge of an end table beside him. In profile, the man’s nose was almost hawk-like, and his eyes studied me with the dauntless precision of that same bird of prey. I decided to hold my tongue and let him analyze my nature.
“It’s likely that you’re an educated man, perhaps not to a degree of professorship, but adequate in your limited range of knowledge. The manner in which you carry yourself indicates that you’re a pedagogue by profession.”
I’m sure I was neither the first nor last client to sit by Holmes’s fireside and feel outwitted before the seat’s fabric warmed beneath me. He even had an extraordinary knack to make his presumptions sound authentically researched. Up until this point in our conversation, I relayed nothing in my conscious greeting to suggest I was an educator, but somehow he perceived it as though the evidence was tattooed on my forehead.
“Remarkable,” I sighed. “How did you guess that I was a teacher?”
“Firstly,” Holmes remarked, “a proficient mind never resorts to blind conjecture. I leave such juvenile tactics to the greenhorns at the Yard. Although it may seem otherwise, my inductions are by and large elementary.”
“So what tipped you off in regard to my profession?”
Holmes raised his long index finger and pointed to my trouser’s pant leg. Although the clothing’s fabric was dark, upon closer inspection I detected at least three smudges of red pen ink near the left leg’s outer seam.
“The color of ink unintentionally deposited on your slacks,” Holmes elaborated, “indicates an occupation where a fair amount of penmanship is required. Men of business typically apply black or blue fountain ink to their documents. I must therefore conclude that the red ink on your attire is for corrective purposes. And if I may add, you’re left-handed, which elucidates the manner in which you sometimes relax your pen on your left hip during assessments of students’ work.”
“You gleaned all that information from a few red dashes on my pants?”
“Indeed.”
“I must admit, Mr. Holmes, your study in scarlet ink is amazing.”
“I assure you, sir, there’s no amazement on my behalf.” Before I shared company with Holmes, I might’ve contended that my true motivations were impervious to inspection. And yet this perceptive sleuth excised the sheath from my exterior with a surgeon’s precision. “A teacher,” Holmes continued, “is by default an adventuresome spirit, but more so by word than through action.”
“But I’m on a bold adventure as we speak,” I mentioned. “Could I be sitting here with you now if the truth was otherwise?”
Holmes suspended his inferences for a moment and asked me a direct question. “What discipline do you instruct at school?”
“I’m a literature teacher.”
Holmes’s eyes beamed with fulfillment before he proceeded. “Ah, then my prior remark pertains to you even more fittingly. Those who peruse literature, and I cannot claim to share such an advocacy, have a predisposition to exist vicariously through the characters and environments they encounter. Therefore, when predicaments within their own realities compel them to venture beyond the pages of a book, they invariably become stagnant in their surroundings.”
“Is that how I really appear to you, Mr. Holmes?”
“A conundrum has arisen in your life, sir, and I’m afraid the prose and poetry that has previously supplied an eternal source of escapism for you will no longer offer a sufficient remedy.”
Holmes’s intuitiveness shouldn’t have startled me, but the eloquence of his delivery made my intellectual accomplishments seem trivial in comparison. Of course, even a Victorian-aged genius had his limitations. I calculated that the detective would’ve eventually required some additional information from me. For now, though, I was content to sit and listen to him decipher my life with a prophetic grace.
“My earlier comment on my dear Watson’s marriage wasn’t solely intended to spawn idle chatter between us,” Holmes continued. “I, just as anyone could infer with a rudimentary understanding of social customs, have already verified your conjugal status. However, unlike my Boswell, you’ve been married far longer and decidedly less happily.”
My hands’ position on the armchair’s rails clearly revealed a tarnished gold wedding band on my left ring finger for Holmes’s inspection. Even a layperson could’ve distinguished as much, but his third point seemed much more Holmesian. Naturally, I permitted myself to become persuaded by his brilliance as if I had no prior indication of his acumen. The perspicacious glint in Holmes’s eyes now flared brighter than his fireplace’s embers as I centered my stare on an initialed pattern of bullet pocks tattooed in the wall behind a hearthside chair. Rather than remark on his patriotism toward Victoria Regina, I let him proceed with his analysis.
“Firstly,” he declared, “your wedding band’s discoloration, coupled with the innumerable dints in its soft metal veneer, suggests its routine placement on your finger for no fewer than fifteen years.”
“Couldn’t it be many more than that?” I tested the vigilant detective.
Holmes puffed on his long pipe with a dignified manner before stating, “Not likely. From my approximations, a man who has been married for any significant amount of time beyond two decades doesn’t fret over his relationship’s stability. You may depend upon that point, sir. Since you obviously still cling to the illusionary fulfillment of love, I’d be imprudent to assign anymore years than twenty since your exchange of nuptial vows.”
Since Watson often expressed Holmes’s unsavory opinion of most women, save for Irene Adler, I surmised that he’d ultimately presume that my marriage had taken an unsalvageable turn to an end. Of course, my erudite host didn’t rely on statistics or personal objections alone to form a hypothesis on my happiness.
“How did you know that my wife and I are having problems?” I asked.
“Pray, sir,” Holmes remarked. “Since you’ve arrived on my premises I’ve noticed at least two contrasting pigmentations on your finger encircling the marital ring. Evidently, you’ve either removed the band for a period of time, or due to the anxiety of your current dilemma, dropped a sizeable amount of weight. The slippage of your ring verifies a chronic hindrance. Married men who are bent toward blissful thoughts typically add several inches to their waistlines. By example, my dear Watson plumped up seven and a half pounds since securing a wife. Therefore, it’s an elementary calculation on my part to assume that the woman in your life has despoiled your union in some manner.”
As I presumed, Holmes made short work of my bid to conceal any suppressed heartache. I, however, doubted that he interpreted my darkest contemplations with infallible methods, but even these confessions weren’t as fortified as I imagined.
“So how may I assist you with your pretty little problem, sir?” asked Holmes. He released another halo of smoke from his pipe, perhaps hoping to choke the facts out of my mouth if I elected to resist his query.
“It’s as you stated,” I admitted. “My wife has caused me grief. Do you need for me to tell you the exact nature of it?”
“Only if you wish to squander your breath. Men in your position are likely to encounter similar problems with their wives.”
“Men in my position? Do you mean teachers?”
“Forgive my indelicacy, sir, but those who instruct literature often fail to keep a spouse intrigued.”
“Is it sensible to generalize? I know many English teachers who have secure and content marriages.”
“Believe as you must,” Holmes returned sagaciously. “However, after examining the incontrovertible evidence, you’ll be less confident with your assertion.”
“If what you’re saying is true, then none of what I’m doing makes any sense. I’ve spent my whole career trying to help others. I thought women appreciated a man who gave unselfishly, especially in times of such rampant greed.”
Holmes tittered at my idealistic prattle, almost to a degree where his pipe’s stem popped out of his mouth. I didn’t expect him to so blatantly ridicule my misconceptions. “Do not be offended by my amusement,” said Holmes apologetically. “You strike me as an affable fellow, and perhaps not quite as ordinary in all aspects. Yet the conventional framework of your occupation segregates you in a class—if you’ll pardon my pun—of individuals who’ve settled for a compromise in their own talents. I’m afraid these same people often reveal a tendency to alienate lovers and friends.”
I couldn’t fully deny my reticent temperament on occasion, but I was also reluctant to rate this characteristic as the primary influence of my wife’s infidelity. Even if I was classified as an introvert, Rachel had surely merited some culpability for her actions. I wouldn’t allow Holmes to convince me otherwise without a defense.
“You can’t blame me for my wife’s indiscretions,” I fumed.
“Of course not,” returned Holmes. “It’s much more favorable to deflect responsibility by faulting someone other than yourself.”
“She’s cheating on me with my best friend,” I countered.
Another mushroom cloud of smoke plumed above the detective’s head as he settled deeper into the couch’s cushion. In comparison to his calmness, my legs jittered like a tap dancer with tacks in his shoes. I kept my eyes trained on the wall’s bullet holes displaying the initials V.R. as Holmes continued with his summation.
“In light of such wantonness, it’s an instinctual impulse for the victimized party to question the offender’s motivations. After this process unfurls, it’s almost predestined that a retaliatory tactic will ensue. Is that where you stand now, sir?”
“I won’t deny that I’ve considered settling this matter on my own terms.” The detective displayed no emotion with my admittance. He most likely unscrambled my impetuousness before the syllables crossed my tongue. “I don’t suppose you can read my mind, Mr. Holmes, but I’m sure you’ll try to do so.”
“Pish posh to that,” Holmes scoffed. “Predictions are best babbled by dime store prophets and necromancers. But that is not to suggest that I’m illiterate to the emotions you emit. Your eyes say what your conscience disallows. I needn’t refer to a tarot card or crystal ball to construe your intentions. Even the most ham-fisted of charlatans could spot the rage in your glare.”
“I didn’t think I was so angry, or at least I didn’t believe I was showing it.”
“Plotting vengeance is a universal reaction,” Holmes resumed, “but pray, sir, to act upon any vile deed while under such an influence will surely place you in my path again, albeit under quite different circumstances.”
Since the mere contemplation of a crime put me in no legal jeopardy, I decided to peck at the morsels of insight that Holmes permitted me to digest. “Hypothetically speaking, let’s say that an individual had an inclination to murder someone,” I proposed. “If such a person wanted to avoid being captured, how might he achieve it?”
“In most cases, sir, a scenario where a homicidal act can’t be solved will never occur, providing that the perpetrator’s behavior is logical.”
“But we both know that all murderers aren’t caught, Mr. Holmes.”
“In time, the most rational of them typically are,” said Holmes. “You see, anyone who constructs what he or she believes is a foolproof crime usually does so in a very calculated fashion. Heightened emotions serve as a factor, and with such elements at large, logic is not far behind.”
“Forgive me for saying so, Mr. Holmes,” I replied, “but if your theory is correct, then no one would ever get arrested for killing another human being.”
“You’re forgetting something vital, sir,” he countered. “A man who functions without motive is the most dangerous creature. When a logical reason for corruption cannot be ascertained, it often defies explanation. Therefore, a culprit who kills at random or for illogical purposes often remains an elusive predator.”
Holmes merely echoed my thoughts in this instance. I had always contended that a man who conducted his actions without conscience invariably fared better than his neighbors. In the balance of things, I had allowed my own passivity to consume me at times. For too many years I parked my opinions curbside while others sped off along the glittery avenues of opportunity. My emotions routinely overpowered my instincts, and Sherlock Holmes now represented a harbinger to my most confounded hours.
“I’m not a violent person,” I confessed to the detective. “Although I’ve labored through bouts of anger, I can control it now.”
“I’ll relay this guidance,” said Holmes, “and please don’t gossip of this charitable deed around Cheapside. I expect no payment for this consultation, sir, providing that you prescribe to one piece of advice before departing.”
“I don’t recall saying I wanted to leave yet. Is this another one of your clever deductions, Mr. Holmes?”
“Not at all. I’m calling an end to our dialogue, but it’s in your dire interest that I do so. Understand that a majority of the most aggressive and deranged people don’t view themselves as such. It’s unwise to harbor bitterness, sir, and you’d be sensible to eliminate it from the process of your choices entirely.”
Only a bona fide imbecile would’ve failed to earmark a recommendation from England’s most notable sleuth, but I couldn’t deny that I wanted him to miscalculate my capabilities. For now, though, I’d have to settle for a conciliatory nod of his pointed chin. He smiled sagely at me before rising from the settee and escorting me toward the same door from where I entered his study. Behind his sedate exterior, however, I thought I might’ve recognized a bit of disappointment. Since I didn’t share his gift of intuitiveness, it was necessary for me to question him directly if I sought anything else.
“Are you sure you’re okay, Mr. Holmes?”
“As tiptop as I’ll ever be, I suppose,” he answered drowsily. Before this moment I hadn’t distinguished anything in his mannerisms that suggested fatigue.
“You look tired,” I told him.
“Perhaps, in a figurative sense, you’re right.”
“Please explain what you mean.”
“An unchallenged mind often wanders astray,” sighed Holmes. “I’m afraid the situation with your wife may not be so very different in this respect. But I must apologize for my malaise, sir. I don’t mean to suggest that your plight isn’t suitable for my inclusive efforts.”
“It’s okay. I didn’t expect you to cancel your schedule for my troubles. I’m sure more urgent cases await your keen judgment.”
“How I wish this was the straight truth, but it is leaning in the contrary direction. I’m certain that apathy has pushed me into the onset of retirement.”
Having intimate knowledge of Holmes’s caseload permitted me to understand the course in which he was destined to follow after he put down his magnifying lens for the last time. My next comment, therefore, was only intended as superfluous banter.
“It’s hard to imagine that you’ll ever walk away from what you love, Mr. Holmes. I’m sure there are people who believe that you’d sooner get married before surrendering your eye for detail.”
“You’re spot on that point, sir,” Holmes chuckled. “But I never claimed that I was shutting my eyes to the world. I’m merely refocusing.”
“May I ask what you think will hold your attention?”
Holmes opened the door and stared placidly into the corridor. He seemed engaged in an especially lucid notion before uttering, “I’ve always found bees to be extraordinary creatures. Perhaps it’s best to keep something when everything else goes away.”
I departed 221B Baker Street with a sense of loss. As I descended the steps, I glanced back once toward the bow window of Holmes’s adobe. His long shadow was still visible through the glass. He propped his violin on his shoulder. In another instance, I listened as Holmes played a partita from Bach. The joy of this moment almost caused me to smile and take the detective’s words with me in good faith. But something else touched my sensibilities in this instance. A single tear spurted from my right eye and rolled lazily over my cheekbone. I didn’t attempt to smudge it away, but instead allowed the drop of emotion to settle on my jaw and evaporate into nothingness.


Chapter 47

1:29 P.M.


After peeling my eyelids open, I felt an immediate sensation of cool water pooling against my right cheek. I wasn’t surprised to find myself toppled over in the lavatory’s stall, with my face partially leaning against the toilet’s base. The source of water must’ve leaked on the floor’s tiles from a wobbly plumbing fixture. Under normal conditions, I would’ve reacted in disgust to my present position, but I then remembered what I still had grappled in my hand. The gun took precedence over my reactions, and I released my grip on the weapon momentarily in order to deliberate my next move. My fingerprints already stained the gun’s metal casing. Therefore, leaving the revolver where I found it was no longer a sensible option. I wasn’t fully prepared to examine my intentions, but it was undeniable that I sought the security of confiscating this firearm by any means necessary.
Before picking myself off the floor, I already began to formulate a strategy to stealthily remove the gun from the lavatory. After securing it, I aimed to take it out to my car. Of course, the remora for me was doing so in the midst of a school day. I already experimented with areas on my body where I could’ve concealed the piece. It was small enough to stick inside my sock, but I feared it might’ve slipped out while I walked. A reasonable alternative existed in the waistline of my pants. Due to my recent loss of weight, my shirt and slacks hanged loosely on me now. This provided a fair amount of camouflage. I elected to tuck the gun against my hip, and pull my shirt over the slight bulge it created.
With the gun now in my possession, I cringed at the prospect of being caught by the custodian. The resilient pest had followed me everywhere in the building today, and I had no cause to presume that he had suddenly abandoned his watch on my current indiscretions. Yet, after I exited the lavatory, I saw no signs of him or anyone else who appeared intent on stopping me. The hallway was virtually empty as I hastily crossed it and ducked into the nearest stairwell. From here, I only needed to walk a few hundred feet to my car.
The rain had started to fall more steadily again, but I couldn’t splash too quickly through the puddles forming beneath my feet without drawing attention to myself. As it was, anyone who witnessed me sauntering through a rainstorm without an umbrella or any sense of urgency might’ve scrutinized my motives. But I felt at ease once I reached my vehicle and removed the gun from my pants. Perhaps the glove compartment wasn’t the most furtive hiding place, but it served my impulsive purposes for now. After all, I had never even handled a gun in my life before today. No one would’ve believed that I had obtained one for any motive at this point.
My nerves gradually settled while I sat behind the car’s steering wheel. Even in my haste, I don’t think I was observed by anyone of consequence. Granted, this was a trifling milestone in an otherwise miserable day, and I reserved little confidence in the likelihood that my good fortune would’ve endured for the rest of this afternoon. But at least I felt a reprieve from the torment swirling through my mind. As the raindrops pattered against my car’s windshield, I glanced at the passenger’s seat. My journal still remained unmarked within an arm’s length of me. I almost took hold of it, if to do nothing else but cradle its leather binding against my body like a child being mollified by a toy.
If I was ever to write fluently again, however, I recognized that now would not be the time to resume my craft. Other matters distracted me. I then exited my car as covertly as I had entered it and returned to the school. A door leading into the stairwell afforded the quickest access to my classroom. It also limited the potential amount of people who’d notice me coming back into the building drenched. If I still carried any optimistic thoughts with me, they evaporated like grease bubbles on a hot skillet upon encountering my next observance.
Standing beneath the shadow of the staircase, I noticed Emily Lee pressed awkwardly against a concrete wall. Apparently startled by my abrupt emergence into the stairwell, she fiddled with her blouse’s top two buttons. It was no mystery around our school where the majority of oversexed teenagers practiced their own peculiar brand of romance, and neither of us pretended to assign an ulterior purpose for her objective at this moment. Besides, her smeared red lipstick, which she relied upon almost as often as her continual gum-chewing, already tattled on her behavior. I might’ve walked away with only a marginal degree of shock, but her partner was still present. He attempted to remain hidden beneath the staircase’s darker crevices, but eventually stepped into view.
Orlando Rodriquez nervously loosened his hand from around Emily’s hip and swiped his dark hair off his forehead. He didn’t utter a word to me, but whispered something into Emily’s ear before treading up the stairs. I didn’t try to delay his departure. He obviously felt some level of shame for being physically linked to Emily so soon after ending his relationship with Mona Dukes. I wondered if this was a bid for a type of tawdry revenge on his part. I couldn’t think of any other incentive for why he’d chose to keep company with Emily over Mona. Although it may have been outside the realm of my responsibility, I felt bothered by Emily’s disingenuous methods. After all, I had just witnessed her consoling Mona a short while ago.
“This is probably none of my business,” I said, “but you sure don’t waste any time moving in for the kill on your best friend’s boyfriend, do you?”
Emily smirked puckishly at me as she rifled through the contents of her handbag. She then blew a strawberry-sized bubble with her chewing gum and lanced it with her tongue before saying, “You’re so right, Mr. Cobbs, this isn’t any of your business.”
“Honestly, Emily, I thought you had a little more character than what you’ve proven here today.”
“Well, I guess that’s why they don’t pay you to judge my character,” she said. “You obviously aren’t very good at it.”
“You wanted to steal Mona’s boyfriend away from her the whole time, didn’t you?”
“Why does it matter to you?”
I was accustomed to dealing with insolent attitudes, but not from this student. Admittedly, she had habits that irked me, but I never sensed any latent cruelty in her mannerisms—until now. It pained me to hear the artificiality of her voice, which registered as fake as the cerise lacquer highlighting her lips. No amount of polish or paint, however, could’ve disguised her deceitfulness from my eyes now.
“Something just occurred to me,” I thought aloud. “You were in Casey Michaels’ car on the night Mona lost her earring. Isn’t that right?”
Emily smirked like an incorrigible brat as she opened a compact mirror to preview her rouge and lipstick. “So what?” she remarked. “Is there a law against that?”
“It’s pretty clear to me that you took Mona’s earring and planted it in Casey’s car for Orlando to find.”
Emily fluttered her eyelashes at me sarcastically and remarked, “Gee, Mr. Cobbs, that’s a pretty wild accusation you’ve come up with. Now try to prove it.”
“Isn’t it enough that I know the truth? Orlando found the earring with its clasp still attached. It couldn’t have fallen out of Mona’s ear like that.”
Emily smiled at me glibly before returning her cosmetics to her purse. “Wow,” she muttered smugly. “And to think that most of the kids in this school, including me, had you pegged for a complete imbecile. Wouldn’t they all be shocked to know how clever you really are?”
“I’m wise enough to know a phony when I’m staring one in the face,” I returned. “The fact is that you never really wanted to be Mona’s friend. You used her and Casey to get closer to Orlando. When you couldn’t persuade Mona to break up with him using your own wit, you decided to use her as bait.”
“No one will ever say you’re short on creative stories, Mr. Cobbs.”
“My creativity hasn’t anything to do with it. This tale is as old as time and you and me both know it.”
“Either way, it doesn’t matter,” she huffed. “When it comes right down to it, you can’t prove a single word of your accusation. So don’t you see what a waste of time this is for you? Besides, don’t get all fatherly when it comes to protecting Mona’s feelings. She knew I liked Orlando way before they started going out. Actually, I’m the one who deserves an apology from her.”
“I don’t believe you, Emily.”
Whether or not I doubted this girl’s veracity made no difference in her mind. She didn’t plan to adjust her behavior to accommodate anyone’s emotions outside of her own selfish desires. In fact, my knowledge of her lack of decency encouraged her to illustrate a vindictiveness that wouldn’t have been believed unless witnessed firsthand.
“There’s still time for you to do the right thing,” I proposed. “You can tell Mona and Orlando the truth. And in doing so, you’ll find out if he really likes you or is just trying to get back at Mona.”
The fake smile plastered on Emily’s lips withered into a contemptuous snarl as she pondered my suggestion. Not even the girl’s layered makeup managed to obscure the ugliness of her persona.
“What’s done is done,” she said, snapping her strawberry flavored gum. “Orlando is my guy now. We’re going to the prom together, and there’s nothing you or anyone else can do to stop that from happening.”
“I could intervene,” I countered, somewhat listlessly.
Emily’s bitterness chilled the air between us now. “Oh, really? Well, I hope I don’t need to prove to you that I’m quite capable of making up stories, too, Mr. Cobbs. And being that you’re alone in a stairwell with a female student provides me with plenty of material to work with, don’t you think?”
My powerlessness as a teacher within the system was no secret to either Emily or me. As a pawn in the classroom, I had no control over any students’ allegations, or the unjust methods in which we were judged against those who routinely lied. Her fabrications, no matter how ridiculous or unfounded, would’ve taken precedence over the blatant facts.
“You’d ruin my reputation just to preserve your own lies?” I then asked her.
“When you put it like that,” she tittered demonically, “you make me sound very wicked. But once you get to know me, I’m really not so cruel. Before a few minutes ago, it wouldn’t have ever crossed my mind to hurt you, Mr. Cobbs, unless you tried to hurt me first.”
I cringed in this girl’s presence and almost felt an urge to gag from the sheer taste of her saccharine temperament. Despite her advantage in this line of discourse, I couldn’t resist a parting shot aimed at her deplorableness. “I don’t want to say that you were born ugly, Emily, but it’s evident to me that you’re doing a fine job concealing your true face from everyone. At least that explains the amount of cosmetics you put on your skin, but I guess it’s a good idea for you to keep covering up until you’re ready to deal with the real person who hides beneath the mask.”
Emily’s voice gushed at me like a stagnant spray of water when she said, “Spoken like a true English teacher. You’re so poetic. You know, I remember some of the lessons I learned in your class this year. Wasn’t it Hamlet who said, ‘to thy own self be true’?”
“You’re almost right,” I corrected her. “That line is from the play ‘Hamlet’, but it’s spoken by Polonius, not the Prince of Denmark.”
“Whatever. It doesn’t really matter, does it?”
“Everything matters, Emily. Shakespeare intended Polonius’s character to be a doddering idiot. Therefore, much of what he said was patently ironic. In other words, of all the characters in this tragedy outside of Claudius, Polonius was perhaps the most deceitful. Anything he uttered couldn’t be taken seriously. By coincidence, you’ll be in his company before long.”
This time I didn’t anticipate a rebuttal from Emily. As it was with most callow-minded kids on the verge of adulthood, she threw up her hands with a vulgar gesture of intolerance and turned toward the stairwell’s doors. In another instant, she bolted away en route to her next conquest. It became increasingly taxing for me to contend with egocentric teenagers, and I once naively presumed that such flaws diminished in people as they aged. But at what point does a person who’s accustomed to having everything she ever wanted respect the fragility of friendship? Moreover, how does such a person ever value the most indispensable relationships in her lifetime?
My dire thoughts were initially directed at Emily, but it didn’t take long for my mind to streamline my wife’s image. Maybe a woman without children had more time to speculate on her own life’s shortcomings, and certainly an ample opportunity to alter her circumstances. If this was valid, then Rachel must have spent an inordinate amount of time questioning her linkage to me. It then occurred to me that she had become more restless with my failures than pleased by my accomplishments. With no other recourse to divide my recollections, I moved sluggishly toward my final class of the day.


Chapter 48

1:37 P.M.


I managed to return to my classroom without any additional interruptions, but I couldn’t ignore the chronic tension throbbing between my temples. Fortunately, the desks were still empty when I stumbled like a slimsy drunkard into the room. My next group of students had gym the previous period, which guaranteed their lateness and afforded me a few extra minutes of preparation. Today, however, even another hour wouldn’t have been a sufficient amount of time to construct an informative lesson. As much as I hated to fully succumb to my ailment, I simply didn’t have the vitality to instruct another class.
Alternately, I slumped into a chair behind my desk and stared vacantly at my computer’s blue screen. My hopes of plummeting headlong into this cerulean circuitry proved to be a vain pursuit. Within a few seconds, my thoughts reverted to my wife. I couldn’t help but to wonder what she was contemplating at this exact moment. I checked my cell-phone repeatedly during this period, wishing for a text message or voicemail from her that at least acknowledged my discontent. Since Rachel was virtually glued to a cell-phone because of her work, I couldn’t help but to rate her silence as an uncharitable attack on what remained of my sensibilities.
Over the last several months, it had become customary for me to counterbalance my insecurities by formulating excuses for Rachel’s apparent aloofness. Perhaps she was simply too busy with a client to lend the current matter between us any further consideration. I had been routinely conditioned from interacting with her during hours designated for work, and learned to stew in an almost perpetual silence until she had slotted an appointment for me. But today was different. I needed something—anything—to convince me that she still cared enough about my sanity to at least treat me with a fleeting degree of compassion.
After a few seconds I focused on my computer’s screen more intently. In the past, I recalled that Rachel had written emails to my school account when the subject matter broached on contentious business. Leaning on a hunch, I logged onto my mailbox and scanned over an assortment of unread emails. Among a screen littered with junk mail, one bold item in my inbox walloped me in the face with the brunt of a sledgehammer. The sender’s name was Rachel, and the letter’s delivery time was today at 12:17 P.M., shortly after our meeting in the school’s parking lot.
My hand quivered on the mouse, almost as if I was afraid to click on the message that might’ve changed my perception of her forever. To complicate matters, my students were already filing into the classroom. But I couldn’t simply leave the item for later. It demanded my attention. I dared not pull my eyes away from the computer’s screen. Whatever Rachel had chosen to send me, I had to view it now. I depressed the mouse’s button twice, opening a letter on the monitor. Then, while easing back against my chair, I braced myself for the following words:
Corbin,
After meeting with you today, I started to feel really terrible about everything that has happened. I don’t know exactly how to say what I’m feeling inside, Corb, but I knew I couldn’t look you in the eyes and tell you the truth. But it’s too cruel of me to hide it from you any longer. Honestly, I’ve messed up. I have no excuses for what I’ve done, but the truth is that Leon and I have been involved. I’m sorry I have to tell you like this, but it’s the only way I can handle the situation right now. I know you don’t deserve to be treated so unfairly. You’re a good man, and I shouldn’t have allowed myself to get carried away with all the big promises Leon made to me….
My eyes drifted away from the computer’s screen momentarily, and I sensed a stinging moistness jabbing at the center of my pupils. A flash of red then caused me to blink, and I barely managed to contain a rancorous scream. I wanted to slouch behind my desk and hide from everyone; my shame was almost insurmountable, and it was all for me to bear alone. Instead of relinquishing my composure completely, I resolved to continue reading the letter, even though each forthcoming syllable singed my festering wounds as if they were doused with sulfuric acid.
…I’m so stupid for believing everything Leon said. He told me that he planned to leave Peggy soon, and he had developed real feelings towards me. I never thought what I was doing was the right thing, but I wanted a chance to have more out of life. I wasn’t thinking about the pain and humiliation I’d cause Peggy, and especially you. Of course, I should’ve realized that married men don’t usually leave their wives for another married woman he’s already sleeping with. I know how hurtful this must be for you to hear, Corb, and I’m not even sure what to do now, or if anything I say from this point can ever make it better between us. My timing is just as awful, too, and I can’t help but to blame myself for the health problems you’re having now. I hope you can try to forgive me for what I’ve done, but I won’t expect any sympathy from you. I’ll be home before you get back from the doctor today. We can talk more then, if you want. Please know that I’m sorry, and I wish I could erase everything that’s happened over the past couple months. Talk soon. Okay?
Love, Rachel
My finger depressed the mouse’s clicker again and the screen flickered to the school’s homepage. The last word of Rachel’s letter registered as the most bothersome to me. Love? Was this merely a statement volleyed so gratuitously among us that it no longer had any relevance? I wondered if she understood the selflessness of caring about something more substantial than her own petty whims and fanciful dreams. My bitterness had reached a level where it agitated in my diseased brain like deleterious venom.
The students assembling behind me in rows must have observed me trembling in my chair. How could they overlook the ripe tears rolling over my cheeks, sliding in salty pathways to the crevices of my mouth? Is this how love spoiled a man’s soul? Was this my payment for being a faithful partner during the course of my marriage? Of all the deeds that my wife could’ve done to strip me of my masculinity, this event surpassed them all. She, above all others, knew of my insecurities, especially in regard to Leon Chase’s wealth measured next to my own.
Whenever I broached the subject of money, Rachel was always first to remind me that life wasn’t a financial contest. We weren’t supposed to compete against one another more so than to coexist in contrived harmony. Why had I naively accepted such rubbish? Was I truly afraid to examine my own shortcomings? Did I actually believe that any feelings my wife stored for me remained persuasive enough to keep her from coveting more? Questions such as these rattled inside my head, causing my skull to pulsate where no amount of drugs could’ve masked the vibrations of shame. I wondered if either Rachel or Leon attempted to touch upon their guilt. Surely, they must have considered my feelings at some point. Why did they both think so little of me? These answers couldn’t be determined now. They would have to wait until later on this afternoon.
From my understanding, few marriages recovered from a marital affair. The odds of staying together decreased even more dramatically when either spouse developed genuine emotions for his or her lover. In Rachel’s case, I would’ve guessed she was irrecoverably smitten by Leon’s promises of grandeur. For now, I had no power left within me to resist fleeing to another place, at least subconsciously.
The students in company may have been bewildered by my inability to acknowledge them. But I didn’t intend to explain any of my woes to these kids now. For the first time today, I wanted to return to the shelter of my dreams, a province where the quandaries of life didn’t seem as severe in comparison. I reclined in my chair during these seconds, focusing my eyes on the ceiling’s fluorescent panels. I heard several students shouting my name, hoping to conjure a predictable reaction from me. Yet I had no energy or desire to attend to this anxiousness. My brief departure from their ranks was as welcomed as it was inevitable. I now determined that it was the brevity of such adventures that shaped me for the rest of my hours.


Chapter 49

1:42 P.M.


My next destination appeared like a well-timed pardon from the sobering reality awaiting me in Willows Edge. Being one who was partial to the woods, especially expanses indigenous to my homeland, I sensed my torment dissipating beneath the trees gathered on all sides of the terrain I now observed. For several miles I hiked between the autumnal cloaked sycamores, elms, and oaks, occasionally dallying to admire this timberland and all of its deciduous offerings. Before long, sections within this drowsy woodland opened to reveal a glen shrouded with a tapestry of colors that might’ve rivaled a canvass painted en plein air by Monet. Swallows and pigeons flitted alternately between the trees’ camouflage, and squirrels chattered greedily in a nearby grove laden with acorns. Adding to this splendor, moistened loam perfumed the air and blended earthily with the decaying leaves scratching along the forest’s floor.
Of course, as it must be with all avenues sculpted from the pureness of Mother Nature’s ingenuity, this hollow eventually revealed the occupation of those with different blueprints. It was upon a woody concourse that I documented my first glimpse of a trespass on this vista. The infringement, however trivial, reminded me that I had not traveled here to simply absorb this landscape’s inborn comforts. I noticed a crudely formed cottage residing conspicuously beside a brook. A cursory inspection of its log-hewn exterior proved that it was barely inhabitable, and constructed in the fashion of most Dutch barns in the 18th century. One look at a lopsided belfry positioned on the cabin’s roof verified its purpose as a schoolhouse.
The dwelling’s interior was presently unoccupied, but I imagined that the benches hadn’t been absent of pupils for too long of a spell. I eventually followed the flow of land to the schoolhouse’s opposite side, where a single white birch tree draped crookedly over a creek. Many of this tree’s lower branches had been intentionally snapped off, apparently used as switches to enforce the corporal discipline of this era. The other attractant revealed itself on a bed of clover that unfurled like a lime-colored quilt along the brook’s embankment. A rather peculiar looking fellow had adopted a cozy spot to tarry on this perennial patch of weeds. He had a noticeably gangly frame that was accentuated by the manner in which he stretched out supinely on the knoll.
Although I doubt anyone would’ve been intimidated by his emaciated physique, I approached him as warily as if he had a bewitching power. By even the kindest illustrations, I couldn’t describe him as a comely man. His ears bowed out from a narrow head in such a way that it was achievable to see into his canals while staring at him straight on. And his hooked nose, which reminded me of a toucan’s beak, looked equally unbalanced against his otherwise small face. The exposed skin on his hands struck me as colorless as the cumulus clouds drifting in the skyline, and I wondered if he suffered from acute malnutrition. Yet, if he was indeed as sickly and frail as I surmised, he was much too engrossed in reading a book to lend any serious attention to potential interlopers.
The knickers and stockings he wore collapsed in billowy folds over his slender stature. Based on the cut of his long coat and ruffled shirt I dated this period at around the time of the American Revolution. In truth, the man hadn’t any more girth to his torso than a beanpole, yet he seemed naturally at ease in the routine of eating. Since I first set eyes upon him, he had reached continuously into a burlap pouch to draw forth a hazelnut or grape. He popped this food into his misshapen mouth with an almost fiendish delight. The only business that required more of his attention was the aforementioned book propped up in front of his face.
Because it was now nearly twilight, I assumed this fellow had stationed himself on this bluff before an orange haze lowered upon the environs. I furthermore concluded that only a book of captivating merit could have compelled a man to read until he strained to decipher the ink on its pages. The ravenous manner in which he indulged in the text was no less frenzied than a fox raiding a chicken coop. His nose nearly scraped against the book’s binding as he flipped through its onionskin pages. After angling a few paces closer to his position, I distinguished the volume’s title for myself. Based on the elevated concentration that he loaned to Cotton Mather’s “History of New England Witchcraft”, I presumed he was an authority on its contents.
I permitted another twenty seconds to elapse before stepping out of the birch tree’s fading shadow. At last, when he could no longer disregard my emergence, the lean fellow lowered the book against his chest and glanced in my direction. His mossy eyes studied me as if I had the same nefarious intent as the accursed Puritans in his book. His orbs bulged from recessed sockets with a mixture of cowardice and curiosity. Of course, as was my custom, I greeted him with an amicable expression.
“Hello, sir,” I called to him as if we had a previously arranged appointment. My salutation immediately caused him to extend his wiry neck like an ostrich peeping over an obstruction, yet there was nothing in the space between us to spur such a reaction. He then glanced behind himself to inspect the brook’s flow of murmuring water. Perhaps he wondered if I had skipped across the shallow creek unnoticed. Soon after verifying my existence as nothing more off-putting than an ordinary spectator, he acted less attentive to whatever I had come to convey.
“The school lesson is finished for today,” he assured me. “If you’re searching for an imp, you won’t find one here at this hour.”
This man’s proximity to the schoolhouse seemed logical now. Apparently, he was the headmaster of the dilapidated structure, which appeared no more secure than a deserted shanty. It was at this instance that I determined the character’s identity. For reasons yet undisclosed to me, I had intersected paths with none other than the most superstitious pedagogue in Tarry Town, which was a dreamily sequestered region more commonly referred to as Sleepy Hollow.
“You must be Ichabod Crane,” I thought aloud.
“Ay,” the long-limbed schoolmaster confirmed. “On days where there’s scant trouble to be found, that is the name I’ll respond to most commonly.”
“Well, I bring nothing in the form of trouble,” I avowed.
“Then greetings,” he returned. He almost resumed the perusal of his selected literature, but when I neglected to shuffle along the worn trail, he questioned my dawdling antics. “Do you have something brewing in your thoughts, sir?”
“I don’t mean to keep you from your book, Mr. Crane. I was simply out strolling through this glen when I happened to notice you reclined so peacefully alongside the brook.”
Ichabod smiled devilishly, and judging by the glassy film lacquering his eyeballs I postulated he had more pleasant ruminations to conjure than those theorized by Mather in regard to the Salem Witch Trials. I wondered why a varlet such as Ichabod, who was at times spooked inconsolably by flickering fireflies, had dedicated his imagination to a task of surveying uncanny tales that terrified him more anything else. At the moment, I surmised that my visitation with this teacher from Tappen Zee was inextricably linked to our profession’s commonality. If I sought to ascertain a deeper connotation to our talk, then I needed to inquire for more information.
“Based on the hour,” I proceeded, “it’s a fair guess that you’ve been out here reading for quite some time.”
“It’s a harmless habit of mine when the weather permits,” he replied.
“I can also see that you’ve selected a book that might fill a credulous man’s mind with dread.”
Ichabod gulped as if he swallowed a vine of grapes, while his eyes realigned with his book of witchcraft. What he wanted to say and what finally sputtered from his pursed lips sounded like a contradiction. “I’ve long clung to the wisdom that a man should be knowledgeable in the business he most fears,” he clarified. “In this way, I’ve made fair progress from Mather’s teachings.”
“Maybe it is a smart bargain to tilt a little in the direction of the unknown,” I agreed. “After all, complacency breeds trouble, does it not?”
My words intentionally provoked a trace of distress in the fretful schoolmaster’s expression. He gradually tugged his body upright as if manipulated by a towline, while snapping the book shut with the urgency of a flytrap.
“Now that you’ve called attention to the matter,” Ichabod declared, “the hour is indeed later than I presumed. If you’ll please pardon me, I have other duties to attend.”
I figured that it would’ve been a premature consolation if I excused Ichabod from my company now. Besides, the likelihood of ever conversing with this man again seemed less probable than confronting a headless specter galloping horseback through this heralded grove. The gawky schoolmaster, however, was intent on following his own schedule. He stood upright like a scarecrow rising from a cornfield, while brushing a few particles of hay and leaves from his britches. Then, after forwarding an obligatory nod from his anvil-shaped chin, he started along a path leading back to a student’s barn that he presently called home.
As if I was Ichabod’s shadow, I kept in step with his spindly legs. He stopped once to observe the foliage alongside a glen that looked as though it was mottled in pumpkin and magenta pastels. He must’ve wondered why I attempted to maintain my pace alongside his gait, for I hadn’t yet clarified any of my intentions.
“I see what this is now,” he mused. “You’ve come to make sport of me. Brom Bones and those rough riders, who dash about the village like daredevils in flight, must’ve sent you here to harass me. I have no use for such ruffians.”
“I don’t have any dealings with those people,” I assured him. “I’m not even from around this area.”
“Ay, then it’s a vagabond spirit that you intend to call yourself?”
“I’m no more or less itinerant than you are. I’m a teacher.”
“Is that so?” he remarked incredulously. “What family has taken you in?”
“None. I’m merely passing through Sleepy Hollow.”
“To what destination, if I may ask?”
“Well, I’m not yet certain of that, Mr. Crane. Right now it seems I’m just following the roads to see where they might deliver me.”
“It sounds like a peculiar pastime,” he observed. “I should advise you that some rather bizarre occurrences have upset the schoolhouse of late. I almost believed that a hex was cast upon the premises, but I’m currently inclined to suspect that a more secular suspect is to blame.”
Now that this bit of information was revealed, I safely predicted that the psalm-singing pedagogue had already acquainted himself with this countryside’s most celebrated coquette. By this hour, most of the townspeople of the somnolent habitat had already witnessed Ichabod’s rapacious appetite, and his equally avid desire to gain favor with Katrina Van Tassel. With a virile spirit of competition wafting in the air with more mischievous intent than a loitering poltergeist, I discovered another link between us.
“When a suitor is in pursuit of the woman you adore,” I declared, “it makes you crave her even more than you ever remembered, does it not?”
Ichabod angled his nose into the air as if trying to inhale the maple trees’ aroma. “You seem to know something of my situation,” he huffed. “I can’t boast that my size and temperament would match Abraham Van Brunt’s brawn, but I’m confident that the dalliance between the fair Katrina and I will be consummated through wit.”
“And you’re certain that Brom Bones hasn’t a trick or two prepared to snatch the plump partridge from her nest before you can roost there?”
“I won’t speak in absolutes on matters of courtship,” said Ichabod, “but if pressed to measure my chances when matched against my rival, I’d say I’m at least a head higher at the end of the day.”
At this point I detected a capricious twist in the schoolmaster’s mouth, which trickled across his face as aslant as the brook’s flow of water from the old bridge to Major Andre’s tulip tree. His bottle green eyes expanded in both sockets, too, and began to scan the forested environs as if a banshee screeched between the trees’ tangled branches. I emphasized with Ichabod’s apprehension because I knew that more than just the conjured spirits of this woodland haunted him.
“It’s not easy winning a woman’s affection,” I stated, “and even when you do, there’s no guarantee that you’ll keep her happy. I think we both know that Katrina craves the attention she gets from you and other fellows in town.”
“Rubbish,” Ichabod snorted. “By design, I’m in a very keen position to win her hand from any would-be suitor, including the boorish Brom Bones. In fact, barring any unforeseen turn of events, I’m confident that Baltus Van Tassel will welcome me to dine at his quarters as often as I make myself available for such occasions.”
“Maybe you should be less aggressive in your approach,” I suggested. Just as I pronounced these words, a disturbance in the thicket caused Ichabod to nearly spring out of his buckled shoes. A sound of a woodpecker’s beak hammering against a hickory tree served as an ill-omened sign for a man who was more unhinged than the schoolhouse’s dilapidated door.
“Did you hear that noise?” he asked, quivering like a windblown spikelet of wheat.
“It’s nothing to be worried about.”
“Why are you so certain? Doesn’t anything frighten you?”
“I suppose we are all scared of something,” I mentioned.
Ichabod straightened in his stance as if suddenly determined to prove to me that his gullible reputation was grossly exaggerated. Yet we both knew that he might’ve very well been the most recognizable coward in all the colonies. Only his irrational pride prevented him from confessing as much to me. He resumed his walk expeditiously along the trail; his elongated feet looked liked spades cutting into the earth. In order to keep pace with the spooked instructor, I increased the speed of my own footsteps. This sprint continued until we reached a covered bridge near The Old Dutch Church. The headstones in a colonial cemetery were visible from our vantage point.
Without any further provocation on my part, Ichabod pivoted sharply toward me and reached anxiously into a pocket in his gray topcoat. He proceeded to forward an often-used ferule as if I was one of his unspoiled charges. He waved the thin rod in front of himself as if he had the ability to punish all the countryside’s evildoers with a single swipe of this cane.
“Sir, if that’s what you truly are, your sojourn with me comes to an end here,” he remarked. “I am well versed with the habits of this wood’s spirits. The Dutch wives have filled my ears regularly with the mayhem they cause.”
At some stage along our walk, Ichabod had envisioned my presence as something more supernatural than ordinary. I wasn’t so sure he was entirely wrong in the context of things, but he had drawn a hasty conclusion about my motivations.
“You needn’t fear me,” I exclaimed.
“Tend to your business, and I’ll service mine,” he replied, while stepping onto the bridge’s rickety framework. “It is well known that once I cross beyond this wooden span, even the Headless Hessian himself couldn’t follow me.”
“Do you really think I’m a ghost after your head, Mr. Crane?”
“I’m obliged to concede nothing of the sort. But since this vicinity has a rumored population of hobgoblins fluttering amuck, I will lean toward my cautionary principles.”
“As you should,” I advised. “After all, no one really knows what lurks between the shadows of any given night in Sleepy Hollow.”
I would’ve hoped that Ichabod Crane recalled my admonition when it mattered most to him, but he had already trampled away and continued on his course into the pages of folklore. Once alone in this slumbered haven, I settled beside the bridge and stared into the Pocantico River’s whispery currents. An intangible stillness existed here amidst this sylvan sanctuary, permitting me to imagine how others had been influenced by the witchery at large. It seemed as if some ancient spell weaved stealthily between the crayon-colored leaves.
In this time of introspection, I recounted my father’s superstitious nature. He was always afraid to take chances, even after chance was all he had left to dream about. Perhaps some of my own stunted opinions and choices in life were sketched cerebrally as a child while I perched on my rock beside Lake Endelman. I wondered how many others existed with such latent consternations, some of which would’ve made all the accumulated legends in this ghostly grove conspicuously trite in comparison.
How could any man have felt secure while his mind continually lured him away from confrontations? I knew it was too late to brood over every shortcoming, but I wasn’t yet ready to return to reality. Instead, I opted to drift deeper into the channels of the darkened dreams winnowing through my head.


Chapter 50

1:45 P.M.


As my journey continued, I ventured into a chasm that rivaled the blackness of Nature’s womb itself. Yet I eventually penetrated this sable sheath, leaving me to distinguish a line of crestfallen souls roaming about the terrain as forlornly as I. It soon became evident to me that these people assembled here for a cruel fate that awaited them. They sidled on either side of my position, seemingly oblivious to any gesture I proposed for their eyes. Since the landscape’s funneled passageway permitted progress in only one direction, I followed the others until our movement became hampered by an impediment almost too hideous to look upon.
A prodigious beast stationed itself at a gateway into a yet unknown realm. It snarled despicably at these listless beings. They congregated in front of its slithering tail, which unfolded like the entrails of a disemboweled creature. It hissed with the malice of a thousand vexed serpents. The people shuffled like blind lemmings, migrating into range of the vile guardian’s tentacle-like appendage. In turn, its tail coiled around each one sentenced to eternal damnation. With some, the tail wound up to nine times around their writhing torsos, while others received a far kinder encirclement of two.
The mystery summoning me to my next destination ended on this plot of unholy soil. Dante’s vision of Minos guarded the Second Circle of Hell, and these souls were systematically consigned to their compartments of agony. The screams of those condemned rebounded in my skull, but the unfeasibly merciless monster revealed no clemency to their cries. I watched in sheer dismay as each person was commissioned to his or her cabinet of misery. Since I viewed myself as one who was still alive, Minos hadn’t yet acquired the power to cast a punishment upon me. But when I approached the entry into the mouth of the Inferno itself, my progress was stalled by the foreboding words it unleashed.

“Seek not a passage through this funneled tomb,
For now, I have no permit to entwine thy wretched soul,
And position ye for His minions to at last consume

“Until thy spirit howls and bleeds, as it is my Master’s goal
To relish the unuttered sins that despoils verdant Earth,
For it is beyond my stance all ye fears shall unfold.

“It should also be noted that never lies a dearth
Of vile creations that stain all things deemed divine,
So proceed with this knowledge: brief shall be thy mirth.”

The magnitude of Minos’s sloth-like form kept me at bay, but its ominous words sealed my choice to flee as far from this hellish region as my legs might’ve carried me. Despite my cowardly intentions, I managed to plant only three paces between us before I encountered another man. This elder seemed impervious to the creature’s verdict. His flesh was as gray as stone and swathed in a burgundy robe. He must’ve detected the perplexity teeming from my eyes, but he showed no evidence of curtailing his intentions.
When the viscous air parted between us, I recognized this figure as the Roman poet Virgil. He walked alone to greet me, which indicated that he hadn’t yet escorted Dante into purgatory’s spiraled passageway. As it was only proper, the Teacher and creator of the epic Aeneid loaned his stoic voice to my ears.

“O, sullen traveler of the all too human kind
What summons ye to a province of such torment?
For on primrose pathways better soil ye shall find.

“But, alas, weary eyes tell of thy grave lament,
As one from the Dark Wood with a she-wolf at heel
To cross Acheron, and descend where pagans ferment.

“And here onto circle two doth thou aim to kneel
At the mercy of Minos whose tail, like a whip,
Enwraps the bodies of all the sinners sealed.”

I presently understood that Hell’s second tier, as outlined by Dante, housed those tainted spirits whose appetites for carnality whirled as interchangeably as a tempest’s winds. Perhaps it was a fitting punishment for them to be tossed in an interminable storm, where the rain and wind churned like the lust that once raged within their loins. My place among these beings now required a closer examination. With Virgil as my escort, I entered the turbulent zone. Minos opened the passageway into a cyclone of fury that reeked with an acrid scent of bodily fluids. My eyes were immediately besieged by a vision of an untold number of naked malefactors screaming in anguish. Their battered figures twisted within the storm’s tornado. As I walked beneath the unforgiving gale, I felt pity for those consigned to such an impious fate.
At Virgil’s command, I tilted my head toward the frothing mass of clouds spinning overhead. Within the pockets of wind I distinguished the faces of those who fell prey to erotic fantasies. Just as Dante had described, the figures of Achilles, Cleopatra, Tristan, Paris, and Helen kept company here, but none of them acknowledged me. At a loss for understanding my place among these fornicators, I begged Virgil to offer me some guidance.
“Answer me, Great Poet, why have you taken me to this region? I am not the one who surrendered my hand to lust. What words can any of these people offer me?”
Virgil extended his arms overhead as if he possessed a power to manipulate the wriggling souls at will. From the deepest conduits within the storm clouds, an unclad female’s shape cast a pitiful stare upon me. The tears in her eyes mixed with the cold sleet pelting her skin. Virgil then spoke again to convey the purpose of this visitation.

“Behold this visage of a fair lady who sinfully tripped
Into the arms of her deformed husband’s brother,
And it was from Romantic lure that they soon sipped

“So deeply and devoutly that they discarded the other,
For Arthurian Legend brought into ardent motion
A whirlwind of lust that soon sought to smother.

“The love, by proxy, of Giovanni’s devotion
Proved fatal to both in a volley of stones,
And so now you see Francesca’s commotion.”
 
Indeed, I witnessed the tormented face of Francesca da Rimini, who died for a forbidden taste of passion from the lips of the handsome tempter Paolo. From all the windblown spirits within this realm, she alone descended from the air, as she would again duplicate for Dante on his appointment. When I looked upon this woman, I saw my own wife suffering the same fate as this beleaguered spirit.
“What do you expect from me now?” I cried to Virgil. “Do you want me to look upon this woman and feel remorse for her? You must know that my own heart still aches. I can’t see her as a victim now. Her own selfish desire has spawned this unrest. I have no sympathy to offer her.”
Rather than respond to my rant, the exalted poet maneuvered to one side and called forth the raven-haired adulteress from the twister’s swath. Francesca clasped her hands in front of her body as one melded gesture of prayer while stating her appeal.

“Through this wild and wanton wind my body is blown,
And my bare limbs are frayed from the ceaseless rain,
But should I expect any sorrow for this seed I’ve sewn?

“Now I must bear this burden of eternal strife and pain
Betwixt the carnal currents that mark a serpent’s path
Through the lecherous passages that I tried in vain

“To halt with my dejected cries in a merciless wrath
That shall never stop from echoing in the rank air.
Tis far more than a peccadillo in the aftermath.”

On this matter, as Virgil fully comprehended, my opinion became nothing more than a fruitless vibration in a throng of other abandoned mutes. In this place of affliction, the time for repentance had already expired. Even if I sought to alter Francesca’s fate, I was powerless to do so. Virgil, however, brought me here to observe lust’s hurtfulness from both sides of the act. As hellish as my misery now appeared, far more torturous circles of despair existed in the bowels this Inferno. Virgil’s admonition left little else for me to debate.

“Listen, traveler, as others have done both far and near.
This woman’s shame besmirches all the good she’s done,
But doth one act of love render her closer to Satan’s lair?

“Mind ye, seven more descents follow this very one.
Greed, Gluttony, and Anger are next in turn.
How low dost thou wish to sink from the golden sun?

“Couldst it be still farther, where the heretics all burn?
Or doth a spiral of violence quicken thy beating heart?
If not, Fraud and Treachery shall be the last lessons learn’d.”

Virgil already realized that I knew of the terrors that lurked beneath the ledge we now stood upon. The Teacher’s silence compelled me to set my eyes on Francesca’s melancholic expression again. But even with the knowledge of my own soul enduring a far more regrettable judgment than her own, I couldn’t discount the deception she thrust upon her faithful husband Giovanni.
“If you didn’t really love your husband,” I scolded her, “then you had an obligation to relay your feelings honestly to him. But instead, you let the fanciful visions of Lancelot and Guinevere persuade you to deceive him. Maybe it’s never enough to say you’re sorry after the deed is done.”
Francesca continued to look at me as if my thoughts regarding her mattered for reasons I didn’t yet know about. She kept her palms clasped against one another, still entreating for the Paradise that was forever beyond her grasp.

“Unsettled one, let not ye pride guide thou as a aimless dart
Toward the caverns of chaos beneath my naked toes,
For the scorned lover often knows it from the start,

“Because pure affection withheld always doth show
The withered petals of Love’s neglected flowers
Never settles amidst a woeful wind that blows.

“And so mark thy memory upon this very hour
If ye love her still, reveal it until thy bitter end.
In this selfless gesture lies the cherish’d power.”

And with those parting words Francesca’s doomed spirit returned to the turbulent squall to resume its punishment. Virgil still maintained his stance beside me, perhaps monitoring my expression as I pondered my wife’s own licentiousness. I felt as though he blamed me for what I couldn’t have controlled.
“What would you have me do?” I implored the reposed poet. “Am I expected to endure this shame with no retaliation whatsoever? What recourse do I have if I ignore the filthy deeds she’s done with her lover?”
Virgil held forth his wizened hand and cupped it tenderly on my shoulder. He then delivered a stare onto me that I’m sure he used to dissolve the rancor from many other betrayed hearts. I had no choice other than to listen to his advice.

“To seek an untainted woman is a quest that doth bend
The fabric of thy ties to a thousand tattered seams.
And from all this hardship thy goodness shall ne’er mend

“A woven fortress where two true creations gleam.
Love can neither answer all thy questions wondered,
Nor supply the stitches for a cloak that’s deemed

“Impenetrable by the vices mankind often ponders.
So rely on a faith purer than thou own feelings
Or succumb to this Inferno with all the dead asunder.”

I didn’t wish to learn anything else from Virgil on this matter. If I had the fortitude to scratch deeper into Hell’s sandbox, I might’ve been remembered as courageous as Dante himself. But only a shadow of that man flickered within me, for he had secured divine love in a lady already ensconced in Paradise. But Dante’s Beatrice couldn’t be my salvation. Whatever imperfections existed in my own marriage, I had to confront them in a manner that made sense to us both.
My frozen stance indicated to Virgil that I had ventured far enough into this dismal abyss. Virgil agreed to accompany me back from Hell and stayed at my side until I reached the Ante-Inferno, where all who entered abandoned any hope they had attained in life. The Teacher’s glum expression hinted to his disappointment in my efforts. Perhaps he believed that I hadn’t observed enough of Satan’s playground to dissuade me from acting upon the wicked notions filtering through my brain.
“You’ve shown me more than I ever hoped to see,” I informed the poet. Virgil nodded his head, but I still detected a reservation in his eyes. “If I should need you again,” I continued, “I will come back and try to find you.”
Virgil touched me again, this time with both his hands tracing across my shoulders simultaneously. A benevolence projected from the poet’s fingertips as his voice supplied a final message to my ears.

“Go forth in thy campaign, but avoid the Devil’s dealings,
For heroes of the past and future truly dost contest
To the blunders of hubris that surely hath them reeling

“Into the pits of ice and fire where they’ll find no rest.
       If gauntlets mar thy heart, ye must forever endure 
And settle beside a lake that ye oft relished best.

“Stare upon thy image with notions clean and pure,
Because beheld within this water ye soon shall see
That peace within thyself is where humane spirits soar.”


Chapter 51

1:48 P.M.


After I awakened, I realized that my head had plummeted onto my desktop like a cannonball firing into a ship’s broadside. But another sensation proved more embarrassing at the moment. I sensed a trickle of tepid fluid squiggling over my upper lip like a moist fingertip. The metallic taste of this substance hinted that it wasn’t sweat. A collective gasp from the students watching me verified that blood flowed in a consistent stream from my left nostril. By the time I regained my faculties, a reservoir of maroon liquid bloomed out like a crushed rose across my cheek and desk. A few kids assembled around me, some of them rapidly drawing cell-phones from their waistlines and handbags as if they had Doc Holiday’s dexterity at the O.K. Corral.
Rebecca Templeton stood nearest to me. This twelfth-grader always styled her mustard-colored hair in French braids, which for some reason made me think she should’ve been offering me a mug of hot cocoa. In this instance, however, she held forth three white tissues in her quivering hand. These napkins wouldn’t stay so colorless for much longer. I snatched them from her fingers and immediately soaked up the blood spurting from my nose. By now, even the most asinine students in the room saw that I had a problem beyond their range of ridicule.
“Are you okay, Mr. Cobbs?” Rebecca asked. A frightful glance from her sage-leaf colored eyes assured me that her inquiry was genuine.
“I’ll be okay, Becky,” I said, using her preferred name.
“Is that real blood?” another male student questioned, which triggered the ire from several intolerant onlookers.
“Duh? What do you think, brainiac?” said an elliptical-faced girl named Gabby.
“What happened, Mr. Cobbs?” Rebecca resumed, while yanking another handful of tissue paper from her purse. I wasn’t too keen on answering any questions at the moment, but gladly sopped up the spillage with the offered material.
“We thought you were having a seizure or something,” she gasped.
“How long was I unconscious?”
“At least three or four minutes,” several students responded in unison.
“Look, I’ll explain everything later,” I reassured them. “Right now I need for you all to get back into your seats and settle down. I’m going to be fine.” My lie even sounded disingenuous to me at this point, but I didn’t need a bevy of phone calls from overprotective parents complaining that their kids were traumatized by my illness. As it now stood, my sole objective was to get out of this classroom as swiftly as possible, but I still felt too weak to phone the office for assistance. Luckily, Rebecca kept watch over me with the same vigilance as Florence Nightingale.
“Becky, can you please pick up the phone and dial the main office—just press zero and tell the secretary that I need coverage for the rest of the day.”
Rebecca acted according to my request as I continued to clean up as much of my own blood that the tissue paper absorbed. The last thing I wanted was the custodian to poke his head into my room for another poorly timed homily. Surprisingly, the students remained relatively tame as I went through this process; a few of the squeamish lowered their heads. Had this been their peers’ blood I had no doubt that they’d be jumping around the room like a bunch of yelping yahoos.
By the time Rebecca called for my replacement, I had already positioned myself near the classroom’s door. I leaned groggily against the bulletin board, but made certain I wasn’t depositing any blood on the walls or posters. At least five minutes elapsed before I distinguished the sound of Mrs. Fassal hobbling up the hallway toward my room.
Mrs. Fassal walked as fast as anyone with a pair of decrepit legs could have been expected to do, and under different circumstances the students might’ve hurled forth a few insensitive jokes about her geriatric status. But today they sat at their desks as mute as a monastery of tonsured monks. Upon entering the classroom, as Mrs. Fassal’s eyes connected with mine, I sensed her maternal instinct taking precedence.
“Oh, dear,” she sighed. Apparently, it was more than the splotchy blood on my skin that caused such an empathetic reaction from this woman. “You really shouldn’t be here today, Corbin.” Rather than reaffirm the obvious, I simply motioned to a wad of ruby-colored tissue pinched under my nose. I’m sure my wan face and slumped posture only supported her observations. In spite of my urge to depart this scene as discreetly as possible, I refused to leave before telling the old schoolteacher that I hadn’t ignored her earlier request.
“I just wanted you to know that I tried to stop the fight between Stanley and Drew. I guess my influence isn’t what it used to be.”
Mrs. Fassal nodded her chin contritely as she scanned the students, counting them at their seats with a wag from her distorted index finger. In truth, my words seemed like an afterthought to her now. “You have more than enough to contend with than fretting over such things,” she replied. “Had I known you were so sick, I would’ve handled the situation myself.”
Regardless of Mrs. Fassal’s effort to appease me, I sensed a breath of disappointment altering her voice. I had no misconceptions about her refraining from any future consultations with me when it came to students’ discipline. Such a notion wouldn’t have fazed me on any other day, but I now looked upon this outcome as another failure on my part. Eventually, after a man surpassed a point of irrelevance, people stopped expecting anything from him.
I exited the classroom with an intention of visiting the school’s nurse. My nosebleed still hadn’t clotted, and I wondered if this was somehow connected to my sickness or from the impact of my face slamming against the desktop when I passed out. In order to avoid any further interaction with a few hallway stragglers, I quickened my footsteps. But I should’ve surmised that nothing short of a full-out sprint could’ve averted the custodian’s surveillance of these corridors. An odor of epoxy from the factory where my father worked provided me with a vital clue of the custodian’s whereabouts. When I turned into an empty hall, he stood there waiting for me.
As had been the case in every instance where I encountered the custodian today, he appeared artificially engaged in the activity of mopping the floor. His trade may have seemed innocuous earlier on, but I now surmised that he had an ulterior motivation. Perhaps even more astonishing than the episodes I endured was the proficiency in his quest to pursue me as doggedly as a shadow at high noon. I intended to scurry past him without forwarding any polite banter, but he was prepared to detain me by purposely impeding my passage with his mop’s handle.
The knot of bloodstained tissue paper lodged against my nostril provided him a prime opportunity to lure me into conversation yet again. “Don’t tell me I have another gore-fest to clean up,” he chortled. “By the way, it doesn’t look like you came out on the winning end of things.”
If informing the custodian that I was involved in a physical altercation would’ve made him disappear any faster, I might’ve conceded to it. But, seeing that he didn’t intend on leaving me alone for as long as I remained in school, I decided to discourage his interaction by reserving my opinion for a few seconds. Of course, he had the resiliency of a chronic illness in this sort of game.
“I suppose one fight around here everyday is enough,” I offered, “but at least this last one between Drew and Stanley might’ve done something useful.”
“Really?” the custodian remarked. “And what might that be?”
“Isn’t it obvious? After all, you seem to know all the ins and outs of every nook and crevice within this building.”
“Maybe so, but I’m a very modest man, Cobbs. Tell me something that might’ve escaped my eye.”
Without even recognizing it, I halted my movement entirely. After assuring that we were still alone in the corridor I said, “Drew will likely be suspended for three-to-five days. At the very least, the halls will be calmer for awhile.”
“And what happens after his suspension is over? Not that I’m keeping count, but I think that bully has spent more time at home than in school over the past four years. I don’t see anything stopping Drew from coming back and making trouble for his next victim.”
From a teacher’s perspective, the solution to this quandary was as elementary as a first grade arithmetic problem. If Drew’s academic fate fell in my hands, I would’ve expelled him from the premises. But alas, such decisions were beyond my authority to enact. Regrettably, Principal Lemus was empowered to administer discipline, and in this capacity he was as functionless as feet on a fish.
Had it not been for my current condition, I may have continued to entertain the custodian with my observations. I learned that the most effective method in preventing any elaboration from him was to keep moving. He revealed a tendency to appear spontaneously and without warning, but he also had a limited range of pursuit. In this case, my attempt to dismiss him by simply walking away served as a catalyst for his irritability.
“You know, Cobbs,” he said, “There was another teacher who worked here a long time ago who reminded me a lot of you.” The custodian’s cunning tone managed to entice me in a way that a child was lured to a sweet cake. “If I didn’t know any better, you might’ve passed as his twin.”
It suddenly occurred to me how inadequate my knowledge was of this custodian’s past. The oddity of his statement caused me to wonder the length of time he worked at this high school. “I’ve been here almost twenty years,” I said. “In all that time I don’t remember any other teacher around here who looked like me. What was his name?”
The custodian resumed his customary stance by leaning over his mop’s handle like he was framed in rubber and wire. A glimmer in his wily eyes told me he wielded more showmanship than the Great Houdini.
“My memory can’t file and store details the same way yours once could,” he noted. “I know he was a smart guy overall, but I won’t say that I didn’t pity him at times.”
“Since you’ve forgotten his name, he couldn’t have made too much of an impression on you.”
“Names don’t stay with me as long as stories do.”
“What’s your story then?”
The custodian continued to swirl his mop languorously on the polished tiles, seemingly deaf to my prior question. While waiting for his response, I glanced at my feet and watched my own blurred reflection swaying on the floor like a ghost.
“You think I have a tale worth telling?” he questioned curtly.
“I’m just trying to recall how long I’ve seen you working at this school. In my estimation, you couldn’t have been here for more than a few months.”
“As I told you right from the beginning,” he advised, “you got to be a lot keener than that when focusing your eyes on things around this place.”
“How long then?”
“Oh, it’s accurate to say I’ve been on the job just as many years as you have, Cobbs. No longer or less.”
“That’s impossible. I may be oblivious to a fault, but I would’ve met you long before now.”
The custodian only needed to gesture to the ball of burgundy tissue clogging my nostril to remind me of my current disability. “The brain is a delicate organ,” he said. “And a man’s memory never lasts as long as it should.”
“I haven’t lost my memory yet—not entirely anyway.”
“Are you positive? I’m betting you don’t even recall our conversation from yesterday, do you?”
I paused to mull over the previous day’s details. Oddly, I couldn’t identify a solitary moment before this morning where we interacted. Since my defense was now decisively weakened, I had involuntarily set myself under the custodian’s scrutiny once again.
“I’m going to be blunt with you,” he continued. “I think guys like you have very selective memories.”
If the custodian hoped to offend me, then he accomplished as much. “You don’t know me well enough to say that,” I countered. “And I don’t know you either.”
“Given your current crisis you may actually believe such bunk, but the truth is that I’ve been cleaning up your droppings for years now, Cobbs.”
Almost on cue, I dislodged the clump of tissue paper from my nostril in order to inhale an unfiltered whiff of the solvent-scented air. With this action, a dollop of blood dripped from my nose and splashed like a crimson nickel on the spot where the custodian had just finished mopping. He extended me a calculating grin as he swiped the mop’s head over the soiled floor.
“As I was saying,” he proceeded, “this teacher I started telling you about had the same cavalier attitude as you.”
“You really see me that way?”
“C’mon, Cobbs, a better question is: who, besides yourself, doesn’t see you that way? Heck, before you got sick you wandered around this school as if you didn’t give a hoot in hell about the world or anyone in it.”
Had I really been that visibly aloof? Apparently, if a man whom I hadn’t even talked to regularly noticed my ambivalence, I must’ve cast a leaden shadow in the classrooms I trundled through. “I never meant to seem so distant,” I announced, lamentably.
“Well, there’s no wisdom in doubling back through streams already crossed, right? I guess the salvation in teaching is that you always have a shot to make up for what you haven’t done in the past.”
“What haven’t I done?”
“First, let me finish my story about this teacher,” the custodian resumed. “On the surface, he was likable guy, always grinning and humble. It only seemed natural that the other teachers and students felt at ease when teasing him now and again. More often than not he’d end up being a willing punch line to their jokes. Anyway, the fellow took it all in stride, and kept his opinions about the politics of education to himself. But, just like you, Cobbs, this man was conflicted. His playful personality started to fade after a short time. It was a subtle change at first, but noticeable to anyone who knew him. Eventually, he just got bitter. The things he used to laugh at now made him angry. So he started to shun people, and ultimately stopped talking to everyone but me.”
As the custodian relayed this anonymous teacher’s history, I attempted to envision a face that matched these characteristics, but my mind revealed nothing. Too many teachers had come and gone over the past two decades. It had reached an embarrassing stage where I barely communicated with people in my own department.
“How long did he work here?” I asked.
“Longer than he preferred.”
“So what happened to the guy?”
“Well, despite his reputation as a carefree comedian, he tried to merit some respect from his colleagues and students, but it was already too late.”
“It’s never too late to change.”
“Maybe it’s easier to change yourself, Cobbs, than it is to alter the way other people feel about you. In any event, he couldn’t shake off his role as a jokester. No one ever believed he had a serious side, too.”
“And I take it he just got frustrated and quit?”
“Not exactly,” the custodian replied somberly. “His whole life started to unravel like a ball of string rolling zigzag downhill. He became obsessed with the idea that his wife was having an affair, so much to the point where he made himself physically ill. From what I remember, a few doctors diagnosed him as having some kind of a compulsive disorder, and a hypochondriac.”
I couldn’t deny the coincidences that this teacher shared with me, but I was still fixated on one disclosure. “Tell me something,” I said eagerly, “was his wife really involved with someone else?” The custodian returned his mop to a tin bucket, where wine-colored water now churned like a miniature whirlpool. Even after examining his twisted smile I couldn’t determine a definitive response. “You didn’t answer me,” I stated again. “Was the guy’s wife cheating on him or not?”
“You know, he begged his wife repeatedly over several weeks for that answer. She denied sleeping around, of course. This woman, alongside her family, doctors, and friends tried to persuade him into believing his overactive imagination was to blame. They almost had this luckless chap convinced that he was loony.”
“What was the outcome?”
“As it turned out, the teacher’s imagination wasn’t nearly as fertile as his wife’s sex life. As it usually does, the truth eventually shredded the sultry seams in her threadwork of lies. She ended up getting knocked up by another man, which officially put an end to his diagnosis as a victim of paranoia.”
My lungs felt nearly deflated at the pronouncement of these words, and I couldn’t help but to suspect that the custodian’s message was an indirect assault upon my own situation. Exactly how much he knew about my dilemma with Rachel outside of here was still an ambiguity to me, and I didn’t intend on letting him extract anymore than he already knew.
“Finding out about his wife’s affair proved to be too much information, or TMI as the kids text nowadays,” the custodian went on. “I suppose every man reaches his limit.” The custodian paused and stared dolefully into the tainted water swirling within the bucket near his feet. “I’d like to give you a neat and clean ending to this story, Cobbs, but maybe it’s best to let you come up with your own conclusion.”
“I’d rather not. Tell me the rest.” The custodian’s features turned as hard as a hickory stump now. I hadn’t the patience to wait for his explanation a second longer. “You can’t tell me a story and shave off the ending. That’s not the way it works.”
“Oh, we’re now following the customs of orators? Haven’t you ever heard of a cliffhanger?”
“Just tell me what happened to the guy.”
“Honestly, I expected more creativity from a literature teacher such as yourself. Wouldn’t you find it more stimulating if you crafted a suitable resolution?”
“We’re not talking about fiction here. This is real life.”
“And you suddenly recognize the difference?” The custodian chuckled in the fashion I learned to loathe. Despite my plea, he had no intention of divulging anything else in regard to this matter with me. “You’re a bright fellow,” he then said, “and I feel like I’d be doing a disservice to you by spoiling your chance to invent something truly satisfying.”
Once again the custodian managed to lure me into a conversation I wanted to initially avoid. Rather than permit him to bait me any further, I decided to proceed toward the nurse’s office to at least acquire some fresh tissue for my persistent nosebleed. The custodian, of course, had a knack at stalling me at my most inconvenient moments, and here was no exception.
“Tell me something, Cobbs,” he said to me before I stepped too far away. “Did you find it any easier to navigate that lavatory with the new lights I put in over the stall?”
I floundered momentarily, before spinning toward the custodian with a dizzying effect on my stance. My intention was to address his remark, but the circumstances caused an innate chill to jab at my reflexes like an iron-fisted prizefighter. I hadn’t forgotten about the gun, and now a more essential question loomed in my thoughts. Was it even conceivable that the custodian planted the weapon for me to find? I shifted my position hastily toward him to explore this possibility.
“You seem to pay a particular amount of attention to that lavatory,” I mentioned. “I’m sure there are trafficked areas in this building that aren’t nearly so well lit.”
“Glad you still appreciate hard work, Cobbs. In my way of thinking, a school’s lavatories are a lot like a restaurant’s bathrooms. You can tell how good a product is just by looking in the places where people spend the least amount of time.”
“I’ll try to keep that mind,” I noted. “Do you need to tell me anything else before I leave?” I gathered the custodian couldn’t resist an open invitation to interject his point of view.
“Maybe I’ve got a little personal advice for you,” he suggested. “Of course, I’m hoping you don’t mind taking some guidance from a guy holding a mop.”
“I’ll make an exception in your case,” I jested.
“Let me be the first to admit that we got off to an awkward start this morning,” he said. “And I know you wouldn’t ordinarily look at me for any sage-worthy instruction. But sometimes you learn the most when you’re not perusing the pages of a book. Don’t view everything that goes wrong for you so severely. People don’t really want to complicate your life as much as they want to unburden their own worlds. We all get down on ourselves at times, but when other folks see you in that kind of mood they have a tendency to back away. It’s not so much about hating you as it is about preserving whatever happiness still lingers within them. Take a moment every day and think about something good that you’ve done. It might help you appreciate what the hell is really going on.”
The custodian then tipped his cap, and his round eyes glistened like shamrocks in the corridor’s dull light. He continued with his business of mopping as I pondered his words. Despite the sincerity of his pledge to me, I couldn’t simply forget about the gun. I still wondered what else this man knew about my life, and why I felt so vulnerable to his perceptions. Even if I wished for him to disappear, I knew that he wouldn’t be gone for too long. A voice stirring within my head whispered that he’d be roaming these hallways for as long as I remained at Ravendale High School. Right now, I wasn’t thoroughly convinced that this was the worst possible news to accept.


Chapter 52

1:56 P.M.


In less than an hour I’d be sitting fretfully in front of Dr. William Pearson with a diminishing hope that he uncovered something about my health that I currently didn’t understand. I no longer fooled myself into believing that this ailment was curable. A rivulet of blood seeping liberally from my nose supplied an unnerving reminder of how precious and precarious each second of life was for me now. Not so unusually, contemplations of my own demise caused me to reflect upon all the fractured and unfulfilled dreams still flickering inside my head.
The aborted enterprises of my youth still roosted like a bleak centerpiece of disappointment for me. As a boy, I instinctually presumed that the luxury of time perched in my palms like a fledgling ready to take its wings to air. Who would’ve forfeited the right of any child to dream of a boundless future? I often reminisced about my boyhood journeys amid those illimitable summer days. With journal and pen in tow, I drifted like a windblown feather along the pristine trails enwrapping Lake Endelman. And within that forested haven, naively divested from rejection, I scribbled bizarre and fantastical tales to share with those who once believed in me.
Without fear fettering me to the soil, I shifted blithely into illusionary worlds, where the outcome was solely determined by the sound of syllables. Even with my numerous imperfections, I was never a better writer or person after the age of twelve. Then, as surely as flesh sagged and grayed on an elderly man’s skeleton, my notions of indestructibility began to erode. The creative flame burning within my mind was gradually sprinkled with a retardant that made each new idea fizzle. Ultimately, the unbridled enthusiasm of preadolescence smoldered into embers of self-doubt and reservation. I always promised myself that I wouldn’t permit anyone to douse my passion for the written word, no matter how petty or grandiose my ideas registered to those who claimed to love me. Once the Muse was relinquished in favor of conventional pursuits, a part of every man was snuffed from existence.
As a teacher I once presumed that my satisfaction might’ve been apprehended if I encouraged other children to develop their talents for storytelling. But every authentic writer realized that this was an unachievable compromise. Just as any painter couldn’t be pacified by the brushstrokes of another artist’s creations, so was true for those who crafted prose. An alternate author’s words—however marvelously scribed—couldn’t supplant my own visions. Yet now, despite all my younger years penning what I hoped had an inherent power to enhance perceptions, much of what I sculpted read as unpolished as a scrap pile of tarnished metal.
The pages of unfinished manuscripts still fluttered within my brain. A long time ago I convinced myself that there was never a valid reason to go backwards for any worthy quest in life. But I now realized the prudence of retrospection. If it was indeed possible for a man to propel himself forward by reaching into his past, I wanted to cling fiercely to whatever remained within range of my fingertips.
The journal that I carried to school this morning remained untouched by my pen. Its crisp pages still held an earthy scent of wood pulp. The thought of never having another opportunity to shape a sentence with ink caused me to tremble with a dread that was as fathomless as the uncharted oceans of our world. I might’ve been inclined to loiter in this pathetic state for a while longer, but the hallway I presently stood in wouldn’t be a refuge for me much longer. With this realization in mind, I became distracted by the sound of an amicable voice. Seeing Dale McCoy springing toward me in gangly strides with a fresh stack of tissue in hand was indeed a welcomed sight. He still clutched his copy of Ulysses in his opposite hand as if it was adhered to his wrist.

“Mr. Cobbs,” he yelled out with an urgency that surprised me. Dale’s baggy clothing billowed around him as he scampered up the corridor. Before I had a chance to address him, he angled in front of me and forwarded the tissue into my hand. “A few of the kids told me you might be able to use this,” he remarked, while trying not to gasp in the aftermath of his sprint. “What happened to your nose?”
Upon receiving the tissue, I discarded the discolored mass of paper I previously held into a conveniently placed trash bucket. During this exchange, I noticed that my nosebleed had subsided a bit. As a precautionary measure to any random leakage, however, I pinched my nostril closed with the new paper enveloping my fingers.
Although slightly mortified by my appearance I said, “I guess it’s easy to see that I’m having a pretty rotten day, huh?”
Dale shrugged his shoulders as if at a loss to comment on my situation. “Where are you going now?” he asked.
Another joke might’ve curtailed the tension wavering between us, so I quipped, “I figured I’d head down to the nurse’s office for a transfusion.” Dale’s awkward grin indicated that he wasn’t in the right spirit to laugh. “Seriously, I’m just going to clean up a bit and then get out of here.”
Most kids Dale’s age wouldn’t have bothered to hang around long enough to fret about any teacher’s troubles. But Dale was as humble and homespun as a wedge of apple pie, and juxtaposed almost every stereotypical fault that I associated with American teenagers.
“If you don’t mind, I’ll walk you the rest of the way to the nurse’s office,” he offered.
“Don’t you have a class to get to?”
“No. I’m just running office errands for this last period. When I stopped by your classroom, Mrs. Fassal told me what happened.”
If any other student than Dale enunciated this offer, I might’ve found it peculiar. But I liked his company even at one of my most inconvenient moments. We walked abreast for fifty feet or so before I sensed that the boy had more brewing in his thoughts than my safe passage. He kept glancing at his own sneakers, as if the words he wanted to blurt out were somehow lodged beneath the treads of his black Converse.
“Something troubling you?” I asked him directly.
“Not really,” he said, “but do you remember what we were talking about earlier in the auditorium?”
“You mean about your haughty taste in literature?” I joked while gesturing to Joyce’s existentialistic tome cupped in his hand.
“No. The other thing.”
It took me a few seconds to recollect our prior conversation. Given the amount of information I already absorbed today, I felt no shame in my dithering mannerisms. Eventually, I found the right file in my brain. “Is this about Lenore Rivers?”
“In a way, yeah. I know you’ve got other things to worry about,” Dale conceded. “Maybe this isn’t the best time to bring it up.”
“It’s okay,” I assured him. “I’m glad you’ve given it some thought.”
Dale’s flustered face took on a confident sheen as he paused and squared his shoulders towards me. He then straightened in his stance a bit, and puffed out his concaved chest like a peacock flashing its iridescent plumage. I sensed he was finally ready to make an important choice on his own for the first time.
“You know, my parents never really encouraged me to get involved with anything nonacademic, but it’s not fair for them to do that. I was thinking it might be pretty cool to go to the prom after all.” 
I didn’t know Dale’s parents very well, but I realized that the people who spent the most time with a young man often molded his disposition. “It’s okay to grow up,” I told him. “I’m sure your folks mean well, but you’re not a little kid anymore either.”

Dale’s posture slumped a tad, but he still had a new glow of reserved optimism that he wore like polished mail. “It’s just that I never asked a girl out before,” he admitted in one breath. “I’m not even sure what to say to Lenore.”
“You simply ask her to go to the prom with you,” I said, but realized this was not a failsafe insurance policy that Lenore would’ve receptively signed.
“What if she turns me down?”
“Well, you can’t sit on the sidelines and expect to score a touchdown, can you?”
“Thanks for the sports metaphor,” he smirked. “I guess she probably already knows that I’m not the most outgoing kid at school, huh?”
“Look, Dale,” I said earnestly, “stop worrying about how Lenore might feel about you. Just tell the girl how you feel about her.” I wished I followed my own advice when I was his tender age. “At the end of the day,” I said, “if you know you at least tried your best, there’s no apologies necessary.”
I wasn’t normally a practitioner of platitudes, but sometimes dusting off the oldest suggestions from Mom and Pops cupboard of trite rhetoric worked better than any of the newfangled psychological prattle. As it was, when we resumed walking down the corridor, Dale continued to shimmer like a knight-errant. Occasional glimpses of hope kept me in the classroom for all these years, and I often tried to remember moments from my own youth that seemed so replete with promise. The callow-hearted boy who strode beside me still believed in his dreams. In this way, teaching was a liberating exercise for me as I advanced beyond middle age. Students such as Dale McCoy reminded me of a time when every sunrise felt like a shining gift from the heavens.
When Dale stopped again, I noticed that we stood in front of the nurse’s suite, which was directly across the hallway from the main office. I detected a faint fragrance of sliced cucumbers as I glared at the door to Principal Lemus’s office.
“Okay,” Dale announced as he motioned toward our destination. “I guess this is where you wanted to go.” I noticed the boy hesitating slightly, almost as if he had a medical condition more dire than my own. By now I had removed the blotted tissue paper from my nose and realized the blood had congealed.
“Hey, I think your nose has stopped bleeding,” Dale confirmed.
I crumpled the tissue in my hand and searched for the nearest trashcan. “So when are you planning to ask Lenore?” I resumed, perhaps too abruptly. The question seemed to perplex Dale; he looked as if I had just asked him to annotate every allusion in the novel he toted.
“I guess I should do it soon,” he said.
“The prom is only a month or so from now. You better do it sooner rather than later, Cyrano.” Dale smirked at my humor, which still hadn’t failed me entirely.
“Today might be good,” he pondered. “I can ask her before she gets on her bus.”
Dale had apparently debated this strategy long before bringing it to my attention. He was merely fetching for my approval now. “It looks like you’ve got it all worked out. I don’t think you’ll have to worry about her turning you down.”
“I wish I had as much faith in my chances as you did,” he said. Dale thanked me for whatever assistance I provided, but I was infinitely more grateful for his contributions. For just a few minutes in an otherwise bleak day, he reminded me why I had become a teacher in the first place. I watched him float down the corridor as if he had puffy clouds tethered to the bottom of his sneakers. In that same instance, I envisioned myself ascending the unknown treads of time with such heedless exuberance. Nothing worth conquering seemed unattainable on this bright and boundless stairway to fulfillment.
But as it was in my current position, another distraction displaced my quietude with the swiftness of a viper lunging at prey. In this instance, the fangs of reality pierced my eardrums with a bone-jarring burst of sound. The fire alarm blared from designated foghorns throughout the school. This amounted to the second alarm today. Suddenly, the custodian’s earlier insight rang louder than the Sirens in Odysseus’s ears. Could it be true? Did Lemus and Mrs. Finnegan design their afternoon trysts around planned evacuations? I only required a hint of cucumber lotion permeating the hallway to compel me to investigate this matter more thoroughly.
Instead of entering the nurse’s suite, I turned toward the main office to observe the evidence firsthand. After barging through the doors like an uninvited vagrant, I must’ve looked foolish at the urgency in which I scanned the surroundings. Naturally, Mrs. Finnegan’s routine was not startled by the alarm. She proceeded to tap away at her keyboard as if immune to the decibels, but the container of scented moisturizer was open on her desktop. I don’t believe she would’ve acknowledged me had not Morgan Lemus bolted from his office like a lumbering lout. His Cyclopean eye zeroed in on me like a periscope scanning for a target.
As I anticipated, the uni-eyed principal didn’t surprise me with any creditable behavior. Even in the midst of my intrusion, half of his concentration swayed to his secretary’s light-bulb frosted loins. A sheath of sweat coated his brow and balding crown as he glowered at me with his one functional eye.
“Mr. Cobbs,” he grimaced in a voice reserved for despised subordinates. “What are you doing in my office? Can’t you hear the alarm? You’re supposed to be accompanying your students to the building’s parking lot.”
“I know the procedure,” I remarked. “I was just wondered why we’re having two drills in one day.”
Lemus’s muddy eye almost squirted free from its socket as his face crunched up into a fleshy ball of tension. If Lemus had an ability to do so, I believed he would’ve popped off his own clubfoot and bludgeoned me senseless with it. As he moved closer to me, I smelled Mrs. Finnegan’s cucumber lotion mixing with his musky perspiration.
“You think you’re pretty bright, don’t you?” he asked.
“Is it wrong to question procedures?”
“Why don’t you get all your facts in order before you start asking nonsensical questions, Mr. Cobbs?”
“Don’t you think two drills in one day is a bit excessive, Dr. Lemus?”
“Who said this is a drill?” he huffed authoritatively.
“Then it’s the real deal?”
The principal enfolded his arms across his barrel-like chest, defying me with a protracted silence. “This is a code blue,” he murmured vehemently. “Do you even have the slightest inclination of what that means?”
“I probably should, but I don’t,” I confessed.
“You probably should do a lot of things around here that you never quite get done,” he chided me. What provoked this principal to loathe me was beyond my present understanding. His acrimony couldn’t be attributed to my habit of leaving school prematurely whenever manageable. I guessed Lemus recognized that I hadn’t given my full potential to this profession. The custodian didn’t need to warn me about this man’s agenda. Lemus was intent on sabotaging what remained of my career in any way legally possible. It must have delighted him beyond belief to have an upper hand in this conversation.
“Code blue designates a mandatory evacuation, “ Lemus explained through clenched choppers. His discolored front teeth nearly chiseled into his lower lip as he spoke. “This doesn’t have anything to do with a fire or a drill.”
“Why else would you evacuate the building?”
Lemus still looked at me begrudgingly before commenting, “Somebody threatened to blow up the school with a bomb.” The principal’s response caused a bemused look to engulf my expression. Certain schools had an ongoing problem with false reports of explosive devices being planted furtively in stairwells and other locations. But to my knowledge, Ravendale High School hadn’t experienced any phony emergency calls in the last fifteen years.
“It must be a hoax,” I insisted.
“Whether or not that’s true isn’t for me to determine,” Lemus fumed. “The law specifies that I’ve got to empty this building of its occupants.” He then pivoted toward Mrs. Finnegan, who had given her fingernails, a much-needed respite.  Lemus directed his next words to her. “Do you believe one little message scribbled in a lavatory could cause so much commotion?”
“That’s how you found out about it?” I interrupted. “Which lavatory?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Lemus grunted, but he decided to point a blunted finger at the door just beyond his office anyway. “But in case you’re writing a book, Mr. Cobbs, a kid found it scrawled in black marker on a stall’s petition in the boy’s room on the opposite side of this hallway.”
As I suspected, the bathroom was the same one I had removed the handgun from earlier, but I had no intention of relaying this information to the principal now. Despite having one eye, however, Lemus perceived a distinct change in my expression. It suddenly registered to him that something unsettled my thoughts.
“What do you have to tell me, Mr. Cobbs?” he asked grimly.
“Oh, it’s probably nothing,” I fibbed, but my concentration drifted over Lemus’s rounded shoulders to examine the room directly behind Mrs. Finnegan’s work station. Drew Mincer still occupied this space, and I had a hunch almost as pronounced as the lump between Lemus’s shoulder blades that this boy might’ve known something about the gun or recent bomb scare. Before Lemus had another chance to throw me out of the office, I motioned toward the room where Drew sat at a table with his head buried between his folded forearms. “What about him?” I asked Lemus, pointing to Drew.
“I think I already told you that he’s my problem now.”
“Doesn’t he have to leave the building with the other students? This is a code blue, after all,” I returned. I knew that my presence exasperated Mrs. Finnegan more than an empty cosmetics case, and she displayed her ire with no pretense.
“Why do you ask so many questions?” she piped with indignation. “We are perfectly capable of watching Drew until his father picks him up.”
“I didn’t mean to pry,” I insisted, now resorting to an alternate strategy to get beyond the barriers that kept me from Drew. “And I know you’re both very good at what you do in here, but I just needed to talk to the boy for a few minutes alone.”
Dr. Lemus played his part as a counterfeit counselor at Oscar-level performance now. “Sounds like you want to be an administrator, Mr. Cobbs, but I’d strongly advise against it. Besides, I have already determined Drew’s punishment. The conflict between him and the other student is over.”
“This isn’t about the fight. I have other business to discuss with him.”
“Business? Of what nature?”
“I’d rather not elaborate, Dr. Lemus,” I replied. “But if I talk to him right now, I might be able to get you some more information about this bomb scare.”
“Drew couldn’t have been involved,” Lemus refuted. “He’s been isolated in that room for the last two hours.”
“I’m not saying he’s directly involved, but he might be able to help us figure out who is responsible.”
Lemus wasn’t exactly enthusiastic to approve anything I might’ve suggested, but he also knew that an incident such as this couldn’t be kept from the morning news. He needed answers for the media when they came fishing around like a school of hungry piranha, and right now both his eyes looked as glassy as the bottom of two beer bottles.
“If you don’t mind me asking,” Lemus remarked suspiciously, “why do you think Drew would willingly give you any information that might incriminate himself?”
“Honestly, I don’t know if he will or not. But it’s worth a shot, don’t you think?”
Lemus hesitated, but he had few options that sounded more auspicious than mine at the moment. Still, his utter distrust in my ability to do anything worthwhile prevented him from relenting his position so easily. “One more question,” he said. “I don’t know what to make of you, Mr. Cobbs. You’re usually the first teacher I see leaving the parking lot at the end of every day. Now, all of a sudden, you’re acting like an overgrown boy scout. I’m not handing out any merit badges, if that’s what you’re fetching for.”
I started to say, “Look, I know we don’t see eye to e….” Lemus’s face glistened with rage as he waited for my unintended pun regarding his disfigurement. I wisely rephrased my response. “Isn’t it enough to know that I want to help? I’ll only need five minutes with him. If he doesn’t fess up by then, he never will.”
I had no doubt that Lemus would’ve wished for any teacher other than me to undertake such a challenge. But with no such assistance in sight, he begrudgingly tottered to one side and gave me clearance to the room where Drew sat. “Okay,” he said to me as if I was the bane of his soul. “You’ve got five minutes. But you better not leave his side for one second. Once you’re done talking to him, I want you outside with the rest of the students and faculty. Is that understood?”
My nod proved sufficient at getting the lummox to shift far enough for me to squeeze between him and Mrs. Finnegan’s desk. A scent of rotting cucumber almost caused me to gag. I extended no further pleasantries to either him or his secretary as I approached the room’s closed door. Neither Dr. Lemus nor Mrs. Finnegan lingered around to monitor my conversation with Drew. They had already relocated to the hallway to direct student traffic before I readied myself for another exchange with this high school’s biggest scalawag.
The door’s glass panel was fogged with Drew’s breath. It appeared as though he had fallen asleep at some point, making his time here as irrelevant as it was everywhere else within this building. Before entering the room, I balled my fist and tapped tentatively on the door’s plate glass window. Eventually, Drew’s mane of Gothic-black hair shifted to one side as he pivoted his head from the concealed pocket on the tabletop. I didn’t expect such a Cheshire grin, but that’s exactly what Drew’s lips offered upon noticing me. His smile was as slick as if he had just gargled with a can of motor oil. His eyeballs, no bigger than flecks of soot, glowered at me with pernicious intent.
At least our detestation for one another was mutual. I didn’t bother waiting for Drew to summon me forth with any sort of exuberance, but as he methodically uncurled the middle finger of his left hand and wagged it in my direction like a dog’s tail, I knew this tête-à-tête was destined to descend into a verbal quarrel. Maybe he anticipated a hostile reaction on my part, but I calmly entered the room and positioned myself on the table’s opposite side. My feigned serenity caused the boy to latch his hands into fists as he splayed them on the table’s sticky surface.
Drew hoisted his head up as if a crane’s cable had cinched the back of his neck. Despite the vagueness in his expression, he looked rested and gleefully ignorant of any wrongdoing. I considered the oddity of his supposed punishment. Apparently, doing bodily harm to another student afforded the offender to a half-day of leisure in a private room. I’ve spent evenings at hotels with inferior accommodations.
It always puzzled me that the most abusive and obnoxious students became practically narcoleptic when isolated from their classmates. Were they bidding time in their dreary dreams, plotting their next unpardonable deed? In Drew’s case, no amount of sleep would’ve remedied his astringent nature. As he leered at me through eyes set like two fathomless wells within their sockets, I found it impossible to detect any redeeming feature in his character.
“Look who it is,” he belched hoarsely. Drew knotted his bloodied fingers and popped his knuckles like strips of bubble wrap. The skin on at least three of his knuckles was scabbed over or freshly torn.
“Do you mind if I talk to you for a few minutes?” I asked, expecting to be greeted by this demon as if I had a sermon to recite.
“I got nothin’ else to say to you,” he grumbled like an old jalopy’s engine.
“Sorry I can’t claim the same, Drew.”
The boy then tested my patience with another patronizing smirk, revealing a ribbon of teeth that looked as gritty and misshapen as his gnawed fingernails. After a few seconds, Drew’s attention swayed to the hallway outside the office. He heard the students shuffling outside. Miraculously, this tyrant slept through the entire alarm, which silenced at least three minutes before I sat down with him.
“What’s going on?” he said through the remnant of a yawn. “Another drill or something?”
“You mean you don’t know?” I asked. His quizzical look revealed more than what he intended. I had no reservations about labeling him as a tactful liar who devoted the superior part of his adolescence perfecting his nuances of manipulation. But his obliviousness to this current tumult struck me as authentic.
“I hope you didn’t come in here to blame me for anything else, Cobbs,” Drew complained. He then leaned closer toward the table so that our heads nearly butted like two mountain rams defending a perch. I smelled a faint odor of sour coffee coating his breath, and maybe a hint of vodka.
“Have you been drinking alcohol?” I asked him. “At least that might explain your erratic behavior.” My accusation seemed incredibly naïve. Why did I even expect this insolent bastard to demonstrate his veracity to me? He chortled fiendishly in my face like Pazuzu taunting the Exorcist.
“The way I see it,” he snorted, “I don’t got a problem with the way I am. It just seems that everyone else does.”
“It’s a little late for me to come in here and try to change who you are, Drew, so I’m not even going to waste my time on such a venture.”
“Then what do you want from me, ass-clown?”
“Honestly,” I said, ignoring his insult, “I planned to ask you if you knew anything about this latest evacuation, but now I’m just wondering why you’re always so damn disagreeable.”
Drew arched his back a bit and clasped his hands behind his neck. He then reclined in his chair, emitting pure mischief in his squinty-eyed glance. This wasn’t the first time where I attempted to espy a trace of decency in his persona, but I now realized that such an enterprise was as futile as trying to wring a drop of water from the sands of the Sahara.
“I got to give you your props,” said Drew. “You’re really putting on quite a show for ol’ Cyclops today. All year long nobody has heard a peep out of you. Now you’re zipping around this school looking to fix everything like you’re Hercules on Prozac. Is the superintendent in the building or something?”
“Don’t make this about me, Drew. Just tell me why you’re so angry all the time?”
“Are you some kind of a cut-rate psychologist all of a sudden, Cobbs? ’Cause last time I checked, you were just a lowlife English teacher.”
I suddenly felt compelled to inject this toxic personality with a syringe full of cynicism. “People use one another for different reasons. Your fight today with Stanley Glacer is a perfect example of how even you can be manipulated.”
“Hey, nobody plays Drew Mincer more than once. You can bet on that.”
“Then how do you explain Regan’s magnetic hold on you? I’ve seen trained seals act more disobediently than you do whenever she’s around.”
Drew’s toothy smile diminished as if he absorbed a brass-knuckled punch in his chops. “Leave my girlfriend out of this, Cobbs. As a matter of fact, why don’t you just leave right now while you still can?”
My eyes honed in on the tar-colored eyes entrenched in Drew’s skull before I said, “I can’t do that. I still blame her for the fight you had with Stanley. It sickens me that she uses imbeciles like you to hurt innocent people. If you don’t mind being her pawn, I guess there’s nothing I can say to change your mind.”
The bully suddenly sprang back toward the table and clasped its edges with a distinct hostility brewing in his countenance. Purple veins bulged from his neck and temples like engorged peapods, which forced my eyes to drift onto the unsightly ivory scar scaling down the left side of his face.
“If you want to know the truth,” he seethed, “I would’ve eventually found my way to kicking the crap out of that creep. Regan just helped speed up the process.”
“I guess if you lie to yourself long enough it’ll eventually sound genuine, huh, Drew?”
“Back off, Cobbs. I’m warning you.”
“Why don’t you take an honest look at your situation?” I advised him. “Can’t you see that you’ve become a parody of what a bully is? You’re no more original than those faded blue jeans that you’re wearing.”
Drew’s face tightened as if the skin had been yanked taut against his jaw line. “You don’t know when to shut up, do you? If you keep diggin’ at me, I might just forget that you’re a teacher and whack the gusto out of you.”
“And you think that’s going to improve your status? We’ve already established that you’re a tough guy, Drew, at least when picking on kids who are smaller and frailer than you. Let’s face it, you’ve earned recognition by playing it safe, but it can’t go on like this forever. You must know that.”
As I expected, Drew’s fists clenched and slammed onto the table, nearly collapsing the cheap aluminum legs out from under it. Even cruel-minded idiots didn’t like to be reminded of their deficiencies. I figured Drew wouldn’t be able to compose himself much longer, and maybe I wanted to provoke him. But instead of lunging any closer to me, he flattened his hands and exercised a bit of self-restraint. I hadn’t observed this sort of control in him before this moment.
“So you do have a speck of discipline after all,” I said while studying his eyes for as long as he held my gaze. Drew’s cheerless smile had all but disappeared from his mouth in these seconds. His face took on a somber, introspective look.
“You think I can’t stop myself from fighting, Cobbs?” he asked.
“I believe you can resist it when it’s inconvenient for you,” I replied.
“Maybe you shouldn’t try to analyze me. It’s not worth it.”
“Are you saying that you’re not that complicated?”
“No more so than the average teenager who likes kicking the snot out of people who piss me off.”
“And you need violence to make a salient point?”
“It’s the only thing that really works, Cobbs. As a teacher, you got to know that much at least. Hate it or not, violence has shaped every culture on this stinkin’ planet. Without a desire to beat someone to the punch, you’ll just be sittin’ around waiting to become the next victim. And let me tell you straight up right now, Drew Mincer ain’t never gonna be nobody’s victim.”
My dislike for Drew didn’t prevent me from acknowledging a legitimate point when I heard one. His philosophy on violence might’ve sounded primeval, but who could’ve candidly refuted the correctness of his claim? In a sense, he had become a contaminated product of the environment in which he was reared. I still wished to understand at what moment he elected to view others as hindrances to his contentment.
“When did you really stop caring about people?” I asked him, earnestly searching his stare for a flicker of repressed compassion. His eyelids twitched momentarily, displaying an involuntary reflex that might’ve perforated the tear ducts in a less callous boy. He simply shook his head pitiably at me, as if I had no more ability to pry inside his mind than a dull can opener trying to slice into a steel girder.
“You know,” he sniggered, “I betcha that one-eyed worm sent you in here to pick my brain like a buzzard, huh?”
“No, Drew. This was my idea. Whatever road we go down today in here, stays between us. You have my word.”
“Well, you’re driving down a dead end street, Cobbs.” Drew’s eyes flinched again and this time I thought—if only for a second—that a watery film layered each lens. I didn’t expect him to start blubbering on my shoulder anytime soon, but maybe I chinked his armored emotions slightly. “I’ll tell you the same thing that I told all those shrinks they sent me to when I was a kid,” he continued. “The fact is that I enjoy harassing sniveling wimps. It gives me the respect I want.”
“You know there’s a huge difference between being respected and being feared, don’t you?”
Drew’s mouth opened like a yawning ditch again before he commented, “The result is the same. I get what I want from all of them, including Regan.” As the boy spoke to me, I noticed his left hand instinctually grasping the same side of his neck, as though he was massaging a kink out his shoulder. It then occurred to me that Drew was subconsciously shielding the elongated keloid from me. If this was indeed his vulnerability, I intended to expose it now.
“You want to tell me about that scar you’re favoring on your neck?” I asked him, pointing to where he clasped his fingers.
Drew kept his hand firmly clamped over the injury; his eyeballs reddened as he considered my inquiry. “Nothin’ worth talkin’ about,” he muttered.
“Looks like you had an accident. Maybe surgery?”
“You might say that.” Drew’s lips tightened, and I wondered how far the old wound stretched over his body. Did the proliferated tissue cease at the top of his collarbone? Or did it continue down across his torso?
“Why don’t you tell me what happened?”
“You really are pushing it today, Cobbs, you know that?”
“I’m just trying to figure you out, Drew.”
“That’s your first mistake. Don’t try to make me out to be your poster boy for misguided teens, got it? I like who I am—scars and all.”
I still looked wishfully into Drew’s sagging eyes, perhaps hoping to uncover a glint of goodness entombed somewhere in the darkened abyss. But there was nothing here for me to unearth. Maybe Drew had it all figured out better than I did anyway. He had learned a long time ago that in almost every instance in life the strong dominated the weak. I couldn’t even present an earnest exception where the reverse was true. If Drew ever stood a chance to transform himself into a more compassionate human being, it wouldn’t be fostered through those whom he conquered.
Without any healing antidote to neutralize Drew’s virulence, I retreated from the table. My slumped posture verified my compromise, and sitting in this boy’s presence only intensified the feelings of uselessness that draped on my back like a pox-laden blanket throughout most of my adulthood. Ironically, in the midst of my attempt to comprehend Drew’s bitterness, I had inadvertently exposed my own.
Had it not been for a spell of dizziness interrupting my flow of thoughts, I might’ve delved further into the tainted sectors of Drew’s mind. Prior to succumbing to what I no longer feared or resisted, I heard Drew’s voice calling my name a couple of times before the room darkened. I didn’t want to display my Achilles’ heel in front of him, but I waited far too long to escape this predicament. The trappings of another episodic vision soon lured me into a realm that felt increasingly more authentic than reality.


Chapter 53

2:14 P.M.


Upon resuming my jaunt through travels yet uncharted, I wandered onto a breadth of farmland that looked as though it belonged to an age where the brawn of oxen and horses cultivated the landscape. A few unyoked cattle and sheep roamed without direction in fields nearly depleted of vegetation. I suspected the proprietor of this homestead had either surrendered his sense of discipline or met some untimely end. I soon progressed toward a lopsided barn that appeared as unkempt as the expanse on which it was constructed. A random plough horse emerged from the shelter’s doors before I strayed within range of its hasty exit. No stable or fence was in place to contain this animal, which appeared far better groomed than anything else inhabiting the area.
After further thought, due to a lack of orderliness among these animals, I presumed the property must’ve been abandoned a short time ago. The livestock looked much too hardy to have gone without nourishment for a long period of time. But as I passed through the barn doors’ perpendicular shadows, I distinguished the utterance of something sounding like a cross between a male human being’s voice and the noises a horse might’ve generated. I listened attentively for a few moments, trying to determine if the intonations were indeed designed to ward off unsolicited journeymen.
I paused at the barn’s entrance, allowing sunlight to spill over my shoulders and illuminate the dwelling’s musty interior. When the outlandish dialogue continued, I peeked my head around the formation of a makeshift stable to witness a single man standing beside a brindle-colored horse. Oddly, the fellow appeared engrossed in a one-sided dialogue with this animal. To an outsider, the man’s guttural neighing, varied snorts, and whinnied phrases sounded as though he culled it from a madman’s vernacular. Because of this peculiarity, I became convinced that this man had suffered from the aftereffects of a yet diagnosed malady of the mind. He wore periodic garb, which consisted of knickers, stockings, and a blousy shirt peppered with just enough stains to indicate his prolonged placement here. His fashion was suitable for an eighteenth-century businessman, although his status in society was belied by a behavior unbefitting for even a peasant drifter. Aside from his irregular form of communication, however, there wasn’t anything visible in his countenance to suggest he lacked a general familiarity of his surroundings.
Several seconds elapsed before he noticed me watching him. He immediately ceased from his efforts to interact with the horse, but revealed no hospitable gesture toward me. His face contorted into an odious frown that caused me to check my shoes to make certain I hadn’t trudged through a heap of ripe manure before making my presence known. The atmosphere inside the barn, of course, was already replete with such pungent odors, which wouldn’t have sufficiently justified his reaction.
Since I spoke only English, I tried to converse with this fellow with a proper salutation. But he had already decided that the proximity of ten-feet of straw-laden earth between us was not adequate. Apparently, the mere sight of me repulsed him beyond the conveyance of words. He pranced about the barn’s floor, mimicking the cantering of a horse while simultaneously pinching his nostrils shut with his index finger and thumb. In this instance I considered turning away, but he eventually settled down and verified his command in a language we both recognized.
“I hast no need for wild Yahoos in here,” he decried. “Be gone, and take that odiferous scent with you.” When I refused to spontaneously oblige his order, he grabbed a rusty hayfork from a stack of wilted straw and waved it over his head like a matador twirling his cape.
I then told the jittery man to relax and listen. He may not have possessed the physical characteristics of a horse, but his temperament certainly mimicked a nag in line for a glue factory. “I’m a peaceful man,” I proceeded to inform him. “There’s no cause for violence here.”
“A peaceful Yahoo?” the man grumbled rhetorically. “Do you really think I’m gullible enough to believe such drivel? I’ve been attacked by your repugnant legions before, and certainly have no desire to be defecated on again.”
The man’s ludicrous gibbering suddenly registered as a legitimate grievance against my kind. This acerbic fellow had already decreed me as a Yahoo twice, which unmistakably confirmed his identity. The misanthropic Dr. Lemuel Gulliver now stood before me. Squandering the better portion of seventeen years traveling to foreign islands helped shape his apparent dementia. By chance or circumstance, I came upon this farm shortly after his unwanted return from Houyhnhnmland. In this aforementioned world, the four-legged animals that Gulliver now worshipped had assumed the roles of civilized beings. The unorthodox beasts that more closely resembled both of us, however, existed in squalor and in servitude to the horses.
At present, Gulliver was either incapable or unwilling to reacclimatize himself to the environment and habits of mankind. Instead, he retreated to his barn to live among a species that he deemed far more compassionate in thought and action.
“I know the purpose of this incursion,” Gulliver claimed while still angling the farming tool at me. “But you can inform Captain Mendez that I hast no intention to accompany him on any further seafaring adventures. I plan to stay with the Houyhnhnms from this point onward.”
“I’m not a shipmate of Mendez’s crew,” I said. “I travel alone.”
“It’s an improvident practice to trust a Yahoo. Even those who feign their friendship usually hast an ulterior objective.” Gulliver neighed something to a horse feeding in front of a bucket of oats, and the animal simply looked at him oddly with its pecan-shaped eyes. After a few moments, the horse grunted before trotting off between the barn doors. I shifted to one side of its course to avoid being trampled. Gulliver observed my gesture and decided to lower the hayfork, but he still clasped it in case my submissiveness proved to be a ploy to overtake him.
“Is it even possible for you to ever trust another human?” I asked.
“That’s a bold question,” Gulliver noted. “My wife Mary believes that my tour hath somehow corrupted the way I behave. But can’t you see the irony in her hypothesis? It’s not possible for a Yahoo to decipher the logical from the illogical. She may want me to help her improve her disposition, but there’s an inherent flaw in this enterprise. Yahoos, as prescribed by nature, cannot be anything other than what they are. A bad breed starts at the seed, doth it not?”
“What hope does that leave for the rest of us?”
“I’m afraid we’re doomed. Even my master horse recognized how futile it was to attempt to civilize these beasts. His notion to exterminate the entire race of Yahoos now seems like an ingenious endeavor.”
Although anything I suggested to this pessimistic man smelled like crushed horse manure in his way of thinking, I decided to reveal my true name along with an obligatory handshake. Gulliver, however, promptly rejected my gesture for camaraderie. “We’ve both been on arduous journeys,” I then told him. “It’s understandable that our experiences have caused a fair amount of bitterness to surface.”
“What dost you know of my business?”
By now I had learned to fabricate minor details when necessary in order to avoid awkward exchanges with these characters. “Before entering this barn,” I declared, “I stopped by your cottage to speak with your wife. She informed me of your wanderings and the hardship you’ve endured.”
Gulliver leered at me as skeptically as he might’ve observed a riled snake intersecting his path. “All but my last destination proved disagreeable,” he conceded. “I can assure you that I hast no desire to dine with Lilliputians or Brobdingnagians in the immediate future. Their petty and sadistic dispositions encouraged me to escape the confines of our species. I’d like to report otherwise on the moral faculty of the Blefuscudians and the Luputans, but alas, I cannot. They are as equally reprehensible in their follies. It wasn’t until I lived among the Houyhnhnms that I discovered my rightful position in this world. As you now observe, I am in the process of making their reality my own.”
Perhaps this cynical adventurer was indubitably insane, or maybe he was just credulously duped into believing that he had an ability mimic a horse’s temperament simply because he imagined it. In order to gain a little integrity in his eyes, I attempted to persuade him into accepting the concept that not all of any one species was instinctually corrupt.
“If I am understanding you correctly, you claim that the Houyhnhnms’ good nature and tolerance has impacted you profoundly. If this is the case, why aren’t you living among them in their homeland right now?”
Gulliver seemed exasperated by my inquiry, but he extended no further threat with the hayfork. He eventually returned the tool to its former place. I interpreted this action as one of partial acceptance. He didn’t move any closer to me, however, until stuffing his nostrils full of lavender and tobacco leaves. “You must pardon my odd habits,” he explained. “Returning to my home hath been no less challenging than I anticipated. I can’t seem to stomach the smell of people anymore, including my own wife.”
I almost felt obligated to inform Gulliver that the barn’s gamy odors weren’t exactly tantamount to a floral bouquet either. Instead, I focused on his predicament as it currently stood.  “You weren’t given a choice to stay in Houyhnhnmland, were you?”
“Regrettably,” he responded, “my master horse decided that my presence among them was no longer practical. They viewed me as potential nuisance to their harmonious existence and therefore banished me from their ranks.”
“And you see this as a tolerant choice?”
“The Grand Assembly’s agenda had much crueler notions in line for the Yahoos. They sought to annihilate the entire race. I proposed a more benevolent solution. Castration seemed like a logical alternative to regulate the population. Eventually, the Yahoos would die out without any mass slaughter.”
“It sounds like genocide either way,” I said. I found it pitiful that Gulliver was unable to find fault with this flawed justice. Indeed, his sardonic creator aptly named him.
“We’re far from an unblemished breed,” I then told the delusional misanthrope. “You’ll likely find imperfections in all of our kind if you study us closely. But even with this knowledge confirmed, is it rational to spawn contempt for every man you encounter? Despite all the evil we produce, isn’t there anything about us worthy of praise?”
Gulliver initially neglected to offer me the courtesy of a response. He instead attempted to compose himself by stepping outside the barn. I followed him while he watched his two horses trot across a sparsely vegetated field. Of course, I dutifully kept out of range of his delicate olfactory nerves. As he observed his four-legged companions, I noticed a tranquility in his mannerisms that was absent before this moment. It was as if a band of warm sunlight permeated his flesh, softening his tone slightly.
“There’s beauty in truth,” he murmured. “During my visitation among the Houyhnhnms, I discovered that their honesty was so ingrained that they didn’t even have a word to define untruthfulness. Can you imagine residing in a society where the mere utterance of a lie was incomprehensible?”
Because I had never known a man who didn’t tamper with the truth at some level on occasion, I couldn’t wholly relate to Gulliver’s hypothesis. But as a human being, I also appreciated the convenience of being able to fabricate a circumstance in order to preserve another person’s feelings. Sometimes this sort of social censorship was necessary to evade confrontation. But it was this identical brand of thinking that instigated Gulliver’s sullen commentary on the state of mankind.
“Wouldst you believe that I converse with my horses four hours every day?” he asked me.
“It looked like you were engaged in this activity when I approached you.”
“And you presumably thought I was insane, correct?”
Since I didn’t want to verify myself as a habitual liar, I nodded my chin and replied, “I assumed your communication was decidedly one-sided. But to be fair, these horses on your farm may not be as advanced as those you’ve interacted with on your last journey.”
“It may cause some exertion,” Gulliver conceded, “but I will soon master the horse speak here just as I learned it from the Houyhnhnms.”
“But you must know that your family and friends will never accept this behavior as normal.”
“Indeed,” Gulliver confessed. “I durst not make a spectacle of my pursuits in front of the wrong Yahoos. They’re closed-minded beasts and wouldst surely punish me for my individuality. But their interference isn’t my primary fear. I’m more frightened by the prospect of never being able to escape them.”
Gulliver’s gaunt face ignited with a beacon that seemed reserved for epiphanies. Undoubtedly, grandiloquent expectations simmered in his brain now, but since this man had conditioned himself for unrestricted speech, all I needed to do was ask him for an explanation.
“You look like you’ve just discovered the formula to change excrement into food,” I jested, hoping that Gulliver derived humor from a former incident in Laputa. I should’ve suspected that this man had no aptitude to interpret comedy. He therefore ignored my comment as if I hadn’t spoken anything aloud. Perhaps he was equally transfixed in his own musings to offer my statement any feedback.
“In all my travels, Corbin Cobbs,” he proceeded, “I’ve extracted one indisputable element. My pledge to separate myself from the Yahoos couldst not hast been achieved without a culmination of hardships. Since I cannot eliminate Fate as being a minor influence in my affairs, I must conclude that your presence with me now hath some significance, albeit unannounced to this point.”
“I might’ve told you earlier,” I returned, “but since you’ve already branded me as a creature incapable of being forthright, I decided that it was a better idea to remain silent until I fully understood my motivations.”
My response inevitably reminded Gulliver of the human race’s complexities in comparison to his hoofed allies. After all, the Houyhnhnms’ simplistic system of social order seemed like an irresistible alternative to anyone even remotely disenchanted with mankind’s enterprises.
“I’ve taken liberty to put your arrival into context,” Gulliver then told me. “It must be an overwhelming undertaking to admit that we—even through practice—couldst never be as predictable as the horses.” Gulliver motioned to the coffee-colored mare chomping on a clump of quackgrass from the remnants of a rotting fence post. “There’s a noble grace in every action of a horse,” he sighed. “The plainness in their purpose makes each one approachable.”
“It sounds rather boring to me,” I admitted.
“I’d expect such a daft response from an uncultivated savage,” Gulliver resumed. “But despite your ignorance, I’m inclined to believe that you happened upon my barn in the same way destiny summons lost souls into its circle.”
“I don’t follow your meaning, Gulliver.”
“You needn’t be ashamed. It’s obvious that you intend for me to teach you the habits tutored by my master horse.”
Although I realized it was impolite to chuckle, I hardly managed to conceal my mirth in this instance. Gulliver’s ability to comprehend my intentions seemed as juvenile as his banter with his farmyard favorites. “Maybe you’ve presumed too much from me,” I said.
“Nonsense. Do you deny that you seek to live in a society unburdened by superficial tendencies? Think of it: if you could thrive without pretense, without fear of judgment or rejection, and be guaranteed a lifespan of seventy to seventy-five years, wouldst that not be agreeable to any Yahoo?”
“Not at the risk of sacrificing my humanity,” I answered. “Whatever awaits me in my own land, I must endure it and accept how those conditions will change me. It’s the challenges of this environment that sculpt character, Gulliver. No horse will ever know the burdens of our kind. Even if I truly had a choice to alter my identity, I don’t think I’d do it.”
“Since you lack a willful desire to embrace the dialect and dispositions of the Houyhnhnms,” he stated, “I must presume that you’re resigned to exist as a Yahoo for the remainder of your natural life.”
Gulliver said nothing else to me as he repacked his nostrils with fresh lavender leaves. By the time I finished my rejection of his lifestyle, he had already swayed toward the horses in the field. It seemed appropriate that I had no more power to dissuade him from his beliefs than he did my own.
Yet a nagging thought plagued me. Why had I visited this man in such a fragile frame of mind unless there was something about his demeanor that resembled me? Did I truly loathe the people on this Earth as much as Gulliver? Perhaps my revulsion for my fellow kind wasn’t as thoroughly as embedded as his detestation, but I wondered if there was a hint of detachment hibernating within me that I simply refused to identify.
As Gulliver rejoined his horses, his movement became increasingly limber and animated by frivolity. He then forwarded noises at the animals that they presumably recognized. Rather than debate the legitimacy of this interaction, I turned my back to the field and resumed my journey in isolation. But with each advancing footstep I sensed an almost unappeasable urge to double back and embrace the horses with the same fervency as Gulliver. This confliction kept me unbalanced as I desperately tried to recollect a time when I was most at ease with my surroundings.


Chapter 54

2:17 P.M.


When I reopened my eyes on this occasion, my field of vision didn’t clear as readily as before. The room I sat in appeared fumigated by a gray fog for more than a minute. After the haze finally faded, I wished that it hadn’t. The chair where Drew had contently wasted most of this day was now empty. Apparently, my spell provided enough time for him to escape his confinement undetected. My lack of judgment in this instance proved alarmingly consequential, because I already predicted Lemus’s reaction once he discovered that I had failed to contain Drew for even five minutes.
My wait for a reprimand was brief. Even before I reclaimed the energy to hoist myself from my seat, the principal and his secretary returned to the office. It didn’t require the perceptive powers of a soothsayer for me to forecast Lemus’s reaction. After observing that Drew was gone, he bolted into the room in a fit of angst. His eyeball flashed like a reddened ingot in a blast furnace as he whirled about the room as if such awkward movement would’ve altered the circumstances.
“Where’s Drew Mincer?” Lemus barked at me like a rabid hound. “Did you just let him walk out of here?”
“I didn’t let him do anything,” I muttered while rubbing my temples. I shamefully tried to devise a delicate way to explain my crisis, but I had no explanation to soften the current reality. “It’s my fault, Dr. Lemus. I blacked out momentarily, and Drew seized the opportunity to sneak out of here.”
Lemus paced back and forth in front of me as if he was digging a trench, and based on the volley of F-bombs hurled from his flapping lips, I viewed this as a strategic maneuver on his behalf. I couldn’t do anything but absorb the brunt of the principal’s explosive words.
“Are you trying to make me look like a damn fool? Is this your real agenda for today?”
“I was only hoping to help, sir. I should’ve remembered the unpredictable nature of my episodes.” Even as I spoke, my voice became less persuasive.
“Episodes? What the hell are you talking about?”
My bid to conceal the gravity of my illness from Lemus ostensibly ended here. I, of course, had no illusions of generating any compassion from the principal at this juncture. “I’ve been sick for a couple months,” I said aloud. “I’ve tried hiding my symptoms from the people here, but it’s beyond my control now.”
Lemus paused in his unbalanced footwork and glowered at me. It was a reaction that I expected. “Are you saying that you have a disease? What’s the matter?”
“You can relax,” I said, hoping to appease him. “I’m not contagious. Whatever is wrong with me is inside of here,” I continued, pointing to my head. Lemus rated the validity of my claim before proceeding with his nervous strut.
“Have you seen a doctor about this so-called illness?” he questioned as though he had already surpassed his quota of phony excuses.
“I have an appointment in less than an hour,” I returned.
“And this sickness causes you to pass out randomly?”
“Yes.”
“Did you drive your car to work today, Mr. Cobbs?”
“I did.”
“Based on your alleged condition, do you think it was a wise decision to operate a vehicle? You could’ve blacked out behind the wheel on the highway and killed someone, maybe even a student.”
I had no defensible solution to this scenario. Lemus was hardly ever right about anything of substance, but I couldn’t rebuff his logic here.
“At least you accept your irresponsibility in silence,” he scoffed.
I nodded, and once again anticipated a livid rebuttal. Lemus rarely disappointed me in this capacity. He stalled in his movement entirely now, squaring his feet directly across the table from me. His one focused eye seemed to jitter and boil in its socket when he spoke. “Can’t you see the hassle you’ve caused me? I trusted you with one simple task only because I was stupid enough to believe that you and Drew had some sort of rapport. Now, as a result of my foolish assumption, I’m faced with not only finding the culprits responsible for this bomb scare, but also locating Drew before his father arrives, who incidentally is due to pick him up here in about twenty minutes.”
If an apology would’ve changed the circumstances, I might’ve forced myself to forward one. Instead, I hoped to rectify this as quickly as possible. “I think I have an idea where he’s going,” I offered. “Check Regan Cordell’s schedule. I’m sure he’s looking to get together with her. At the very least, she’ll likely know where he is.”
Naturally, Lemus was visibly less responsive to my suggestion, and I didn’t anticipate that he’d pursue it with any vigor in the near future. Any credibility problems I merited with him before this moment now increased threefold.
“Sickness or not,” Lemus grimaced, “you’ve put me in quite a bind, Mr. Cobbs. I’m going to keep kicking myself in the pants because I should’ve realized that you’d botch things up. You’ve somehow acquired a knack for making every intolerable situation worse.”
Maybe I deserved a fragment of this principal’s stockpiled wrath, but it irked me that his insult was all-encompassing. Before today, I couldn’t even remember the last time any of my actions aggravated a security situation at this high school. “Hold on a second,” I said. “I’m prepared to admit that I was negligent in watching Drew, but that doesn’t give you a right to attack me personally.”
“Well, luckily for me I don’t care what you think your rights are,” he responded.
“You know, Dr. Lemus, it’s been clear to me for a while that you haven’t liked me since you arrived at this school. I don’t know why you’ve decided to target me as an object of your ridicule, but maybe you should just say how you feel now so we both know what to expect from this point forward.”
I should’ve been mindful of the old maxim of being careful what you ask for, because you ultimately might receive it. Lemus salivated like Pavlov’s Dog at the sound of my request. I suspected that he wouldn’t have used any buffers to cushion the impact of his next verbal tirade.
“There’s always going to be duties regarding my job that I’ll find awkward,” he said. “But I’m happy to say that this instance isn’t one of them, Mr. Cobbs. We’ve been long overdue for such a conversation.”
“Should I sit down for this?”
“That’s your choice, but considering your brittle condition, maybe it’s best if you take a seat.”
Lemus waited until I settled back into the folding chair. Rather than join me in an eyes-to-eye exchange, he continued to groove a footpath into the carpeted floor. “I first want to say that due to budget deficits I’ve been forced to let nine untenured teachers go in the past two years. The absurdity of that obligation is that each one of those young educators cared infinitely more about their jobs than you do. Had it not been for your tenured status and seniority here, you’d be the first on my list for a rift.”
“I assumed as much,” I said.
“But that’s not the worst part, Mr. Cobbs. What’s more regrettable to me is that the students at Ravendale are being cheated out of a quality experience in your classroom because you refuse or are unable to provide a one hundred percent commitment to this profession. It’s not your competence I question, it’s your dedication, and that’s a difficult hurdle to jump if you’re sitting on my side of the desk.”
“I’m shocked that you feel as you do, sir.”
“Cut the crap, will you. You think I can’t see what the hell is going on around here just because I don’t have two good eyes? You’re even duller than your lesson plans if you think I haven’t seen you waltzing around here in a mindless daze half the time. Let me assure you, I’ve watched your kind come and go, but you just linger around like a stale fart in an elevator.”
“At least you’re not mincing your words,” I replied, quite placidly. “I admire your honesty.”
“What’s this? You’re not even going to challenge what I’ve said?”
I shrugged my shoulders and gazed at him as if he was a preacher on a pulpit. “You’ve stated your feelings earnestly,” I said. “And I’ll even credit you on the accuracy of at least half of what you mentioned. I’ll leave it to your acute powers of observation to determine which half is true, and which half is as fictional as anything I teach.”
Lemus’s glass eye nearly splintered in his skull as rage swelled his face with crimson patches. He then loosened his bowtie to let some steam filter out of his shirt’s collar. “You’re always twisting words so that they work to your advantage,” he fumed. “But, if I may speak off the record, I find you as irritating as a boil on my ass. Your condescending tone validates my point.”
“I’m just listening to you, sir.”
“You only appear to listen, Mr. Cobbs. In truth, you don’t really give a shit about what I’m saying now. The one thing that galls me more than anything else is that you had the potential to be a superb educator. The problem is that you just don’t want it anymore, or maybe you never wanted it to begin with.”
Perhaps Lemus latched onto something profound after all, but then again, it didn’t require a cardiologist’s diagnostic skills to determine that my heart wasn’t in teaching as it once had been. I waited in silence as the principal proceeded with his cruel dissection of my character.
“For the past five years I’ve been hoping—even praying—that you’d submit your letter of resignation. If you don’t plan on making a difference around this school, why are you still here? Give someone else a chance to do what you blatantly can’t handle.”
If Lemus expected me to rise from my seat and meekly declare myself as an abject failure, then he was wasting his bravado. Even if he jangled a sensitive nerve within me, I wouldn’t have supplied him with any encouragement to analyze my disappointments. Since he showed no deference toward my welfare, I in turn felt no obligation to respect him. My reluctance to respond afforded Lemus with a long-repressed chance to wedge his polished shoe into the backside of someone already lying on the ground. In this instance, as it often happened with washed-up braggarts, the principal segued into his own superfluous remembrances.
“Many moons ago when I was a teacher, I encountered my fair share of unruly and apathetic students. It’s an unavoidable hindrance in this profession. I can fully understand that some teachers come to a roadblock where they become ineffective. Many have the good sense to retire at this phase of their careers, but others hang on, grappling for a piece of the past, if you will. They simply refuse to leave, even though they’re completely aware that they can no longer function at an appropriate level in the classroom.”
“If you don’t mind me asking, sir, how many years did you teach before you became an administrator?”
My question was intended to elevate his dander. I watched gobs of sweat glisten on his meaty brow as he pondered a passable response. “I taught at least six or seven years in an inner-city middle school. Most rewarding experience in my life, really.”
“Six or seven years,” I repeated for emphasis. “I have neckties older than that.”
“Well, let’s not stray away from my original point. I’m more than capable of assessing the level of pedagogical talent in this building, Mr. Cobbs, and from what I’ve observed and heard about you, I’d say that this sickness you’ve developed may be a welcomed omen from both of our perspectives.”
As Lemus prattled on like a pundit for an educational fundraiser, I sensed my headache resurfacing with an acute ferocity. Without offering him an explanation, I lowered my head onto the tabletop in front of me.
“Are you listening to a single word I’m telling you?” Lemus questioned.
“Every syllable, sir,” I replied groggily. “My head is still pounding, though, and I feel a bit dizzy.”
“We would’ve been wiser to discuss this another time,” he grumbled. “But at least I’ve given you something to mull over. If there’s any possibility of you attempting to change your habits, I suggest you observe some of the better teachers in action around here. Maybe they’ll remind you of what you can no longer accomplish.”
I was being transparently glib when I countered with this: “Do you have any suggestions on who I might peek at for this burst of inspiration?” Lemus, who had the aptitude of a dishcloth, didn’t hesitate to provide me with a name he most likely recited whenever he wanted to sound erudite.
“It’s to your advantage that you already know Mr. Winger,” he said. “Now he’s the paradigm of who I want teaching in every classroom in this high school. If I found fifteen or twenty teachers with even a quarter of his skill, compassion, and enthusiasm, we’d be a blue ribbon school within three years. Look at the way he dedicates himself to this career, Mr. Cobbs. He’s the first person here every morning, and the last to leave at night. That’s the kind of ethics we need around here if we ever hope to make a difference in the lives of our students.”
Even in the midst of my suffering I found it challenging to stifle a chuckle in regard to Lemus’s shortsighted tribute. In fairness to this man’s gullibility, however, had Shawn Winger not confided in me this very morning, I too might’ve obtusely overlooked his lascivious lifestyle. Yet I still couldn’t help but to wonder what sordid deeds the principal would’ve uncovered in connection with his protégé if he scrutinized his habits as stealthily as he examined my own. Perhaps this moment might’ve been the proper time to spoil Lemus’s naïve illusion, but I resisted this compulsion for now. I wasn’t prepared, however, to end our conversation. I even lifted my head off the table to prepare for the next volley of grievances.
“Correct me if I’m mistaken, Dr. Lemus, but it seems to me that you dribble away an inordinate amount of time and energy spying on teachers who you deem as inferior.”
“I have no wish to deny such an accusation,” he returned stoically. “In fact, I view it as my primary responsibility to weed out unwanted vegetation from my little garden. No one will be spared. I’ll eventually have this place in order. I’d bet my lone eye on it.”
Lemus’s pledge to rectify this high school’s tainted reputation sounded so genuine that I almost wanted to believe he possessed an intellect to create a solution. As I listened to him pontificate on this and other points, I couldn’t displace a scent of cucumbers wafting off his open suit jacket. Since Mrs. Finnegan was currently in the adjacent room, I presumed she had already applied her signature fragrance to the principal’s clothing through alternative methods. But, keeping to the topic at hand, I offered my own opinion on the plummeting trend in education.
“I’ve been teaching in the classroom for almost twenty years now,” I started. “In that time, I haven’t complained about shrunken budgets, frozen wages, or expanding class sizes. But what I see as the primary problem here is that the apathy belongs to the parents as much as their children. By the time they get to high school, the majority of teenagers are burnt out, and they reject anything that smells remotely like work. Parents, administrators, counselors, and even some teachers have become enablers more than educators. I’ve tried just about every method formulated by self-proclaimed gurus to improve students’ motivation. But the humbling truth, as any honest English teacher will verify, is that most of these kids don’t read anything of substance anymore. They don’t care about Chaucer, Shakespeare, and Dickens. Even the so-called honor students would rather take shortcuts than peruse five hundred pages of Melville.”
Lemus’s eye flashed defiantly at my assertion. Obviously, he absorbed enough political rhetoric to know that the root of declination in students’ achievement started and ended solely with the teachers. “I’ve heard this argument before, Mr. Cobbs, and I don’t buy it. As a teacher, it’s your job to get these kids excited about reading those authors. When I walk by Mr. Winger’s classroom on any given day, all of his students are engaged in the activities he’s devised.”
“It may look that way to you,” I conceded. “But, as you well know, Dr. Lemus, people can appear to be busy at one task while really doing another. As a passerby, you may observe what you wish for, but the teacher reviews the final product. I guess we can’t really fault the kids for their stunted attention spans. Society has conditioned them to streamline everything nowadays. There’s no real time to savor the flavor of words in today’s gluttonous world. I’m afraid I’ve become a little more than a book salesman for a group of adolescents who view reading the classics as a pointless chore.”
“If you really feel as you say, then why don’t you simply resign and let some bright-eyed upstart try to change the negative climate you’ve forecasted? Personally, I don’t see the problem as widespread as you do. Many students in this building still read on a regular basis. You just have to come up with some new strategies to make your students want to learn.”
I would’ve recruited Lemus for his guidance in this area if I thought he had a cogent remedy to impart. But like most administrators I’ve encountered throughout my career, he was a crackerjack at identifying the system’s obvious flaws without implementing any methods to correct them. In this way he was like a surgeon who had the mental acuity to diagnose a disease, but no tangible tactic to cure it.
“When the time comes,” I proceeded, “and that time may be sooner rather than later, I will know that my days here as a teacher are done. Even facing retirement, however, I still occasionally have this optimistic dream that my students will one day appreciate classic literature in a manner that maybe only our parents or grandparents did. You know, Dr. Lemus, I once thought I had the ability to make an impression on young people. But as the years drifted by, I realized that an occasional nod of recognition wasn’t enough to convince me. I’ve since come to term with my limitations.”
“There’s only one thing left for you to do now, Mr. Cobbs. Retire with some dignity intact. After all, there’s something to be said for a professional who knows when it’s time to hand over the ball to a new pitcher. Be that professional, wont you?”
“Thanks for your heartfelt encouragement,” I returned, “but when I finally leave my classroom behind, I intend to do it on my terms, not yours.”
Lemus’s one natural eye began to crack with blood vessels as he swallowed my words like a goblet full of cod liver oil. I suspected that he discharged enough tension to unstitch the soles from the bottom of his shoes. “Have it your way,” he said, gritting his discolored dentures. “But there are procedures in place to extract tenured teachers from this school. For as long as you remain under my regime, know this: I will do everything within my legal authority to make your remaining time here as contractually unpleasant as possible. You’ll rue the day that you decided to cling on this teat for a final gulp of glory.”
I nodded my head contritely, but not nearly as sheepishly as the principal would’ve preferred. It was now my turn to resort to a countermove in this exchange of wily wits. “Under normal circumstances, sir, I’d say you had the upper hand to emasculate me. But you’re forgetting about something that I can’t quite overlook.”
“What are you babbling about now?”
“Cucumbers, of course.”
“Cucumbers? What the hell does that have to do with anything we’re talking about?”
I then paused to accentuate the manner in which I inhaled the prevailing aroma circulating throughout the room. Naturally, Lemus watched my behavior as if my illness was more closely linked to a mental deficiency rather than anything physiological. I continued this action for several seconds before he became wildly impatient.
“What are you doing? I’m not in the mood for any games, Mr. Cobbs.”
“Really?” I remarked with a certain conceit. “Well, I guess I wouldn’t be the type of person whom you’d normally engage in playful activity, would I? After all, I’m sure your one serviceable eye has focused on more supple prey.”
As I uttered this boast, I motioned toward the receptionist’s desk through the doorway. From our vantage point, we both plainly viewed Mrs. Finnegan, who was perched in front of her desk like a voluptuous creation from Rembrandt. We both detected a container of scented lotion on the corner of her desktop, too. Lemus’s eye nearly squinted shut as I continued to exaggerate my penchant for vegetable moisturizers. I sensed that the principal aimed to leap across the table and devour whatever remained of my flesh during these tense seconds. Whether he wanted to openly concede to my backhanded implication or not made no difference to me now. He understood that the balance of power had unexpectedly tipped in favor of his underling. But Lemus wasn’t the kind of guy who rolled over passively while waving a white flag.
“I’d be extremely cautious with your veiled accusations, Mr. Cobbs.” Lemus’s voice was pitched as shrewdly as an attorney’s summation.
“I’ve been careful for far too long,” I countered. “You’ve gone to considerable lengths to verbalize your threats toward me. I’m just preparing to return the favor.”
“Whatever you say won’t change anything. If need be, I’ll stand by my oath to oust you from this school with my dying breath.”
“That’s a bold claim for an administrator who has spent the larger part of this year slathering Mrs. Finnegan’s cucumber lotion on his body. In any event, I’m sure your wife will be thrilled once she discovers how rejuvenated your skin has become. By now it must be at least as lithe as your secretary’s legs, which I bet feels like rubbing up against melting butter compared to what you have waiting for you back at home.”
“Who the hell do you think you’re speaking to? Nobody talks to me like that. I’ll wipe the gymnasium floor with your face before I let you blackmail me. Besides, you can’t prove a damn thing.”
“I don’t need to prove anything, Dr. Lemus. I’ll just plant seedy seeds in a few ears around here and wait for them to germinate. It’ll be enlightening to see what sprouts from your little garden then, don’t you agree?”
“So that’s your best hand, huh, Corbin? You’re going to deal your cards dirty?”
“Please, let’s not get informal now,” I suggested. “Mr. Cobbs will do, as it has always has done before.”
“I should’ve suspected what depths you’d sink in order to gain leverage here. It doesn’t surprise me as much as it sickens me.”
I considered prolonging Lemus’s torment simply because of his intent to sabotage my life, but I hadn’t forgotten about my doctor’s appointment. The bliss of watching Lemus squirm like a salted slug still didn’t overshadow my desire to uncover the precise nature of my disease. I stood up from the chair without any further direction, noticing that the principal suddenly appeared pale enough to take my place.
“I’m willing to forget this conversation ever happened,” I said, while motioning toward the room’s exit. “From this point forward maybe we’d be wise to stay away from one another.”
“You think you’ve scored yourself a victory, Mr. Cobbs? I have no doubt that you rate yourself as a clever man, but I’ve traveled around the block a few times myself. I still stand behind every word I’ve uttered here today.”
“I guess we’re not so dissimilar from one another in one respect, sir. I’m sure you’ll find that I’m a man who’s true to my word as well.”
Lemus’s hands dropped like iron bell bars onto the tabletop, this time bending its cheap frame. He barely managed to control an urge to lunge at me, but his icy eye projected pure hatred. I seldom sensed anything as wickedly potent in any man’s expression. I left Lemus as he spewed forth obscenities with the same randomness that a broken sprinkler watered a lawn. Before exiting the main office, however, I caught a glimpse of the principal throwing Mrs. Finnegan’s bottle of lotion into the nearest trash receptacle. He may have feigned his bid to undo me, but I predicted that this caveat had no more substance than any of his ill-planned policies.
With my headache throbbing with an ongoing relentlessness, I staggered forth into the corridor to escape the school. I didn’t even know if I had the stamina to make it back to my vehicle, let alone drive to Ravendale’s medical plaza across town. Fortunately, after pausing only twice to maintain my balance, I reached the rear parking area. But before pacing within twenty feet of my car, I noticed an all too familiar figure leaning against the hatchback of my VW Beetle.
On this occasion the custodian carried no mop or broom. I identified him at a distance only by the cement-colored overalls he sported. Unlike many of my previous encounters with him today, however, I didn’t scowl when noticing his presence. In fact, I felt somewhat indebted to him for providing me with information to disparage the principal’s reputation, if it ever came to such an extreme.
The custodian appeared at ease with the day’s inclement weather. Despite a majority of tin-colored clouds governing the skyline, he was content with a few bands of sunlight sprinkling through the leaden heavens. After he noticed me nearing my car, he didn’t bother to inquire as to where I was going. I assumed he must’ve already ascertained this information by way of his clandestine methods.
“I guess I owe you some gratitude after all,” I said to the custodian.
“Really?” he chimed like a mistuned instrument. “And what ushered in this unexpected change?” The custodian grinned at me as if he knew the answer to his own question.
“Let’s just say that I don’t think Dr. Lemus is going to keep me in his crosshairs too much longer. It seems that your eavesdropping has served me well.” I presumed that my appreciation would’ve satiated the custodian’s hankering for recognition. But even with my acknowledgement, he didn’t make an effort to back away from my car.
“Going somewhere?” he asked glibly.
“As a matter of fact, I am. And, not to be rude, but I’m running a bit late.”
“You’re always on the get go, Cobbs, but in this case I can’t blame you. How can I expect you to concentrate on the mischief of this place when you’re worried about your own health, right?”
At this point, the custodian’s insight into my personal business outside of school as well as within it didn’t startle me. I already accepted the inevitability of this day’s rhythm, and merely stepped in beat with its predestined arrangement while pulling my car’s keys from my pocket.
“I’d stay and chat longer,” I said, “but I really do have an important appointment to keep.”
“Of course,” the custodian responded. “As I said right from the beginning, a teacher’s responsibilities don’t stop at the last bell of a school day. Heck, my job is a lot like that, too. Some might even say that the real cleaning doesn’t even start until after the kids go home.”
“You’ll get no argument from me.”
“But because of your dedication to work, Cobbs, I wouldn’t want you to forget about your promise.” The custodian then stood upright so that his eyes connected squarely with my own.
“Promise? I don’t remember making you any promises.”
“Not to me. Don’t you remember telling Mitch Dalton that you’d help him with his college essay after school today?”
The custodian’s wisdom into my business now made me uncomfortable again. I didn’t even notice him standing in the hallway when I spoke to Mitch earlier. “It looks like you’re right,” I admitted. “If you hadn’t reminded me, I would’ve forgotten all about that.”
“Well, it’s encouraging to know that a guy like me can do more than swirl a mop head and broom around this joint.”
“So I’ll be back here after all.” Despite my scheduled meetings with Dr. Pearson and then my wife, I couldn’t simply shirk my duties. I might’ve never been the most committed teacher, but I didn’t intentionally abandon a student when he requested my assistance. The custodian seemed elated by my sudden show of altruism.
“Despite what Lemus thinks of you, Cobbs, I always knew you had a soft spot for these kids. Oh, sure, you may appear a little aloof at times, maybe even distracted by the big dreams that got away. But at the end of every day, you can put your head down on a pillow and sleep like Rip Van Winkle. Not many of us can make such a boast.”
“Maybe you should be my supervisor,” I smirked. “The truth, however, is that a lot of people lost faith in me around here. I just don’t know if I have enough time or energy to earn it back.”
“Don’t get so down on yourself. Besides, I think by the time this day is over, you’ll have a pretty clear idea of what the future will look like.”
The custodian’s sudden flash of optimism in my potential to do anything worthwhile was refreshing, but I didn’t plan to become reliant upon his predictions. Perhaps my distrust for the custodian’s intentions kept me from embracing his words. After all, I still wondered if he knew about the gun that I found in the lavatory. But the real mystery, of course, was what compelled me to pilfer the weapon in secrecy. If I couldn’t even comprehend my own motivations, how could I convincingly dissect anyone else’s mindset?
Since the custodian didn’t attempt to engage me in any further interaction, I proceeded to get inside my car, only to discover that my hands trembled as I clutched the steering wheel. Even the routine task of inserting a key into the car’s starter would’ve been cumbersome with my fingers quivering in such an uncontrollable manner. I assumed the custodian would’ve pacified my nerves with another homily, but when I glanced through the windshield to monitor his position, he was already gone. I couldn’t have looked away from him for more than ten seconds, but there was no trace of his presence anywhere within the parking lot.
My thoughts didn’t linger on this man’s disappearance for too long. I soon found myself fidgeting in place as I stared across the car’s dashboard at the glove compartment. A momentous question reverberated against my skull again: why had I taken the gun? The quandary wouldn’t simply go away. Until now, I hadn’t wittingly debated whether my objective was to inflict harm upon those who caused me such heartache. Or did I subconsciously secure the gun to end my own suffering? The mere meditation of either scenario verified that I was in the midst of relinquishing all self-control.
At present, I had only my spells to fault for such a rash alteration in my disposition. Even a brain unspoiled by disease couldn’t endure such turmoil. I was obviously more susceptible to my life’s sorrows. I didn’t want to accept the inexorableness of my emotions gradually devouring me, but each ensuing episode made this conclusion impossible to reject. As I slumped behind the steering wheel, this journey’s route delivered me even farther into the taboo regions of my conscience.


Chapter 55

2:34 P.M.


Beyond the blackness of my closed eyelids I found myself seized by the snarled limbs of white birch trees. This blighted woodland was remarkably dreary on the evening of my trespass, but perhaps not quite as bleak as a gothic mansion erected within its densest perimeters. The estate materialized like a gloomy fortress encased in a tarnished scabbard. A reflecting pond cast a muted duplication of the house’s fungi-stained masonry. But the majority of the miry tarn percolated with a mist that besmirched the air with an unfathomable stench. Despite this deterrent, I wandered heedlessly through the sedges, which entangled my feet like a linkage of rooted chains.
It seemed equally fitting that a crescent moon cleaved at the sky like a sickle stained with blood. If any reservation remained regarding the likelihood of my present whereabouts, it abruptly vanished from my thoughts after I inspected the prodigious domicile at closer range. The building’s plaster façade, although generally intact, displayed one unremarkable fissure that looked like a lightning bolt splintering from its cornerstone to the opposite side of its eaves.
I immediately concluded that the proprietor of this sullen residence was none other than the reclusive Roderick Usher. I fully anticipated this man’s unbalanced disposition, yet couldn’t prevent myself from hoping that he now served as a remedy to my current malady. As I expected, nothing detained me from entering this house, save for my own consternation. A faceless valet soon escorted me into the shadowy dwelling, but he disappeared like an apparition before I uttered a word to him. After a few seconds, I surmised that Roderick’s childhood friend hadn’t yet honored his invitation to visit the premises. If my assumption proved accurate, then I suspected that Roderick was still ailing and nearly bedridden within this abode. I hesitated in the foyer only long enough to permit my pupils to dilate to the darkened interior. A dearth of windows on the home’s lower floor rendered the surroundings almost impenetrable to sight. Fortunately, a few candlelit sconces were spaced randomly along the length of a hardwood corridor, which directed me to a staircase’s ornately crafted balustrade.
I paused at this vantage point, looking at intricate tapestries inlaid in the walls encompassing me. An odor of musty wood, similar to the pages of olden books, permeated my nostrils. While contemplating my ascent of the staircase before me, my extremities shuddered as if I had inhaled too much of the opaque fog engulfing the structure’s entire foundation. But what did I truly have to fear in the framework of this mirage? After all, an ample portion of insufferable turmoil awaited me when I wasn’t reposed in sleep.
My footsteps soon shepherded me up a corkscrewed staircase, presumably leading to the precise section within the house where Roderick waited for his friend’s arrival. I proceeded down a hallway, disregarding the creaking ebon floors as I passed numerous rooms that revealed no signs of occupancy. Finding the quarters where the master lay in persistent and unnamable sorrow became an exercise of blind faith, but one that seemed predestined. I rapped my knuckles thrice upon a door’s dark oaken panel at the corridor’s end; the chamber where Roderick slowly withered now resided one panel’s width from my eyes.
Because I was already mentally obligated to interact with this man, I grasped the door’s brass knob and turned it until a resounding click set the barrier ajar. I suddenly felt like Howard Carter unsealing King Tutankhamen’s Egyptian tomb. The door edged open on hinges that screeched with a hundred years of rust. Only a smattering of light spilled into this area from perpendicular windows flanking an entire wall within the chamber. Each pane of glass was no wider than a single human frame. Curtains as black as the muck at the bog’s farthest reaches adorned each frame.
While surveying the room’s innards from its threshold, I remembered that Roderick’s disease rendered him hypersensitive to harshly illuminated environments. This crypt-like ambiance, replete with a reddish glow, served as a necessary habitat for its anguished occupant. Upon entering the chamber, I nearly stumbled over piles of nondescript books, painting supplies, and musical instruments strewn about the floor. Had not the décor of antique furniture been virtually undisturbed, I might’ve presumed that Roderick intentionally disorganized his surroundings. Amidst the room’s clutter I then noticed an acoustic guitar and a couple volumes of Romantic lure set closest to an unmade bed. Only these few objects had been recently relieved from their mantled dust.
My wait to greet the cloistered inhabitant would not be delayed much longer. Before my eyes fully adapted to the crimson light filtering through the windows, I witnessed my first glimpse of the House of Usher’s master. As I anticipated, the haggard man looked aged well beyond his years, reduced to little more than an animated skeleton veneered with a transparent layer of flesh. His concaved cheeks and drooping eyes told of his emaciation better than his own words. But these physical signs of a rampant illness didn’t recapitulate the extent of his agony. Roderick suffered in ways indiscernible to an untrained eye.
The ailing man was dressed in silken nightclothes, colorless by design, and perhaps assembled from the only fabric that wouldn’t irritate his skin. When he finally looked at me, I sensed an unworldly agitation whirling in his vacant eyes. Even in this subdued light, I perceived an aberrant pallor consuming his countenance. I detected paranoia and confusion in his lopsided gait as I crossed the room towards his bed.
“Your face isn’t how I remembered it,” Roderick murmured. Before I managed to finagle a suitable response, he shifted toward the windows to inspect the fumes still rising in a poisonous drift from the tarn outside. A temptation to misrepresent myself as the chronicler of his story loomed briefly in my thoughts, but I instead opted for the truth. Besides, if he was insulted by my intrusion I could’ve departed just as hastily as I arrived. The only proper way to proceed with this visitation was through forthright motivations. I therefore pronounced my true name and explained the accidental nature of this infringement.
By now, Roderick’s face transformed to a shade closer to limestone, but after I assured him that I had only come to his attention as an observer, he seemed moderately receptive of playing host to me. As he shifted toward his bed, I heard his bones grinding against the joints of his body. If this man’s inventory of mental instabilities included hypochondria, I could not fault his reasoning in this sole regard. Rather than second guess my position, he preoccupied himself with the material possessions scattered around his quarters. One object in particular captivated his mindset most intently. The ravaged man clasped the neck of his guitar as one might’ve taken hold of an old friend’s hand. I already knew that he had a penchant for strumming his antique six-string, but I expected an improvised use of its frets under these circumstances.
“Do you enjoy music, Mr. Cobbs?” he inquired listlessly.
“Have you ever greeted a man who hasn’t?”
Roderick gestured at me like a wizard who had access to a single incantation. He then quoted from Shakespeare’s ‘Twelfth Night’. “If music be the food of love, play on.” I watched him repose on the edge of his bed with his guitar in strumming position. “In these dire hours,” he sulked, “there’s not too many diversions left that are potent enough to soothe my discontent. I’ve therefore fancied a rhapsody to put me at ease.” His fingers plucked delicately at the instrument’s strings for several seconds, resulting in a series of cords that might’ve silenced his harshest critics.
“You play very gracefully, sir.”
“Much obliged. I shall now sing a dirge entitled ‘The Haunted Palace,’” he announced with a vigor the belied his feebleness. I appreciated his insistence to entertain me, of course, but believed our time would’ve been more beneficially spent if we skipped the lyrical ballad altogether. When my expression revealed a hint of disapproval to this harmony, he stopped singing as if his voice was snatched from his throat by an unseen hand.
“Perhaps music isn’t a preference of yours after all, Mr. Cobbs,” he said, frowningly.
“It’s not that at all,” I insisted. “But my time here with you is brief and I’d much rather talk about something relevant to us both.”
“And what might this be?”
“The source of our melancholy.”
The master sedately leaned his guitar against his bed’s frame, while a ghostly pallor glazed his exposed skin. I likened this sheen to the mist engulfing the House of Usher itself. Before he uttered another syllable, I watched his reflection shine transparently in a frame of glass in his chamber’s corner. “All things spawned from evil have a home,” he uttered. “It’s not a strain on one’s imagination to suggest that this dwelling casts a spell as black as a necromancer’s invocation.”
Roderick then hoisted himself into an upright position, depleting much of his vitality in the process. As he hobbled closer toward me, I detected a sulfurous whiff of air enveloping him; other odiferous secretions clung to his ravaged frame as well. Yet this proprietor currently favored little in his character resembling vanity. Because I only remembered a sparse portion of his past, I had no infallible way of surmising how long he’d been ill. But, of course, I did know beyond certainty that his strife wouldn’t endure for too many additional evenings.
“When you first entered my quarters,” he admitted somberly, “I suspected that you weren’t my childhood friend. From my memory, he never stood as tall as you. But since you’ve gone to such trouble to do what few sensible men would’ve ordinarily undertaken, I then assumed that you’ve come to assist me with my beloved sister.”
My face might’ve whitened to a shade closer to Roderick’s visage before I said, “Sadly, I am not. “But I am aware of her illness, too, and share in your grief.” The master mashed his hands together as if he was attempting to smooth a jagged piece of glass between his palms.
“Even as we speak,” he assured me, “the Lady Madeline’s condition becomes graver. Should you encounter her stumbling through the corridors of this mansion, I’m sure you’ll be appalled by the observance. Frankly speaking, she hasn’t much longer to live, Mr. Cobbs.”
Roderick’s narrator supplied me with at least a rudimentary understanding of his twin sister’s inexplicable ailment. I recalled that Madeline’s chronic disease caused her to lose control of her motor skills. The physicians of this time had only confirmed a diagnosis of catalepsy, but no treatment existed to counteract her systematic demise. Of course, this insidious malformation hadn’t only deformed its primary victim; Roderick’s own sanity balanced on the welfare of the penultimate Usher.
Not so strangely, this quest to converse with Roderick now seemed indelibly linked to my own disorder. Although my physical state of deterioration wasn’t nearly as perceptible as his or Madeline’s decline, perhaps he detected the gravity of my intentions. “I sense that my company has made you anxious,” I said. “Unfortunately, no words from me will help cure your sister, but I think our weaknesses have connected us in a peculiar manner.”
“I assure you,” said Roderick, “you needn’t assign any divination to this exchange. If you insist on doing so, then I suggest you rummage no farther than the walls in which you presently occupy.”
I had only a limited comprehension of this house being described as sentient to its environment. In this way of thinking, this inanimate structure may have projected a life force of its own, thereby methodically sapping the living energy encompassed within its space. Although I remained ambivalent to this theory’s legitimacy, I couldn’t deny Roderick’s unflustered credence to it. I aimed to stay resolute in my belief that his disposition had more to do with psychological torment than a phantasmagoric phenomenon.
“I can relate to what’s happening here,” I exclaimed. “Don’t you see, sir? My own mind has turned against me.” I edged deeper into the master’s chamber, positioning myself nearer to an enclosed candle lamp set on the corner of a walnut dressing table. Roderick maintained his stance, monitoring me as warily as he studied the shadows shifting between the bedroom’s eyelike windows.
“We aren’t so dissimilar, sir,” I continued. “In a physical sense, you’ve isolated yourself from most of humanity. At least from a mental perspective, I’ve devolved in the same way. In each situation we’ve shut out many people from our lives. Does it make any difference that we hide behind blocks of gray stone or gray matter? Haven’t we both learned that it’s impossible to escape the pain of living while we still breathe?”
Roderick mused over my assertion with a visible expression of interest, but his concentration periodically diverted to the view outside his chamber’s windows. His eyes returned to the tarn’s miasmatic vapors ascending like a fetid gas from the bowels of an unseen terror. I angled myself behind him so that my own image cast in an adjacent window’s pane of glass.
“By electing to visit me, you’ve placed yourself in a rather precarious situation. Even a man inclined to analytical thought couldn’t decipher this estate’s numerous conundrums.”
“Maybe we aren’t meant to solve all the mysteries of life,” I offered. “Wouldn’t it be less of a burden to accept the fate awaiting us? I’d say that’s in accordance with your own beliefs more so than mine, right?”
“The doctors who’ve treated my dear sister have adopted a similar philosophy, Mr. Cobbs. But there’s always room for a little magic.”
“Where do you propose to find it now?”
My words set the surprisingly fidgety master into motion again. This time he crossed the creaking floorboards to retrieve a leatherback volume of literature. Based on the convenient placement of this book next to his nightstand, I gathered it was one of his favorite pieces of Romanticism. With the book opened in his hands, he gingerly returned to within three feet from where I waited. The man’s voice was suddenly as sharp as a young rabble-rouser’s oration. A zestful gleam ignited at the center of his pupils as he readied himself for a lesson on the elements of fantasy.
“I will assume that you’ve not yet been acquainted with Launcelot Canning’s ‘The Mad Trist.’”
My only familiarity with that particular tale was preserved in his narrator’s transcription, but I didn’t wish to filch the spark from Roderick’s impassioned eyes. When a man had a story to tell, it was prudent to let him finish uninterrupted. I therefore remained mute as he relayed the synopsis as if he had perused the words an untold number of times prior to this occasion.
“This legend involved a brave knight named Ethelred,” he started. “He refused to turn away from a hermit’s door so that he had a chance to hold a dragon’s shield. Of course, as it always must be in such spirited yarns, the valiant Ethelred couldn’t claim the sought after treasure until he traversed a floor of silver and challenged the hellish beast in combat.”
As Roderick relayed the novel’s events, I imagined myself in place of the gallant knight. What expanses have I navigated to confront the monsters lurking in the caverns of my brain? It then occurred to me that the shockingly wily master had referenced this character to reveal the foolishness of my own concessions.
“There is no treasure for a man who flees from peril,” Roderick stated solemnly. “Ask yourself how many dragons you have slain?”
“Likely fewer than you, sir.”
“Some entities cannot be vanquished,” he confessed with a sigh that served as a harbinger to his own fate. “But if I am to do any good in my time remaining here, maybe I can change the course of things yet to come for you.”
If Roderick truly believed he had insight into my affliction, I didn’t presume he’d treat it by reciting passages of prose. Perhaps I distrusted him because I already knew the ending of his story. Mine was yet to be written. Of course, adhering to the protocol of my journey, I couldn’t divulge what his narrator planned to disseminate for future generations. Roderick must’ve sensed the uncertainty of my uneven glances. After only reading for a few seconds, he clamped the book shut and flicked it on top of a chair.
“I cannot assist you any further,” he declared broodingly. “You don’t accept supernatural and fantastical lore as being part of your reality.”
“Why are you convinced of this?”
“I can confirm my allegation by asking you one question.”
“Then ask it, sir.”
Roderick’s sickly eyes locked squarely with my own before he proceeded. “Do you believe that spirits exist among us?”
“You mean ghosts?”
“Ghosts, specters, phantoms, banshees,” he clarified. “Call them by these names or from a list of others. What is your opinion?”
“In the past,” I said reflectively, “I’ve accepted only what can be seen. But if it makes my response any more palpable, I’m now at a point in my life where I want to believe in something everlasting.”
“Wanting isn’t good enough. A man such as yourself could just as easily dismiss seraphs and other Heavenly embodiments.”
Now wasn’t the proper time to preach my agnostic beliefs. Besides, Roderick’s keen intellect defied my earlier interpretations of his persona. He had already dissected the frailest ligaments holding me together. But neither of us had time to excavate the source of my indifference toward spiritual matter. Before Roderick had an opportunity to lecture me further, a disturbance outside his chamber attracted his melancholic curiosity.
He pivoted toward the bedroom door as the sound became increasingly prominent. This noise registered like the movement of footsteps being deliberately dragged across the hardwood corridor. We both already realized that the friction of this approach wasn’t intentional; it was also not the figment of some deranged fantasy. The master immediately started to convulse as the racket intensified. Yet his obvious fear didn’t prevent him from nearly pressing his ear against the door’s panel.
“Do you hear that?” he whispered. His petrified manner of speaking and twitching had a potent influence over my own disposition. “It’s her. The Lady Madeline knows I have a visitor.” Roderick’s bony fingers methodically curled around the door’s brass knob. From the door’s opposite side I distinguished the raspy breathing of a woman in dire pain. Then, as if this commotion wasn’t unnerving enough, I detected what sounded like fingernails scratching against the wood in a ferocious manner. I likened it to dull metal scraping across a dry piece of slate. Roderick’s body still quivered as if he was in the midst of a seizure, but I most likely appeared more vulnerable.
Pure mischief invaded the master’s tone when he asked, “Shall I open the door now, Mr. Cobbs? Would you like to extend a warm salutation to my long-suffering sister?”
Under the circumstances I figured it was wiser to postpone such a meeting. But Roderick fastened his hand tighter on the knob, and in that moment I envisioned him as the courageous Ethelred securing his grip on the dragon’s shield.
“Don’t open the door,” I exclaimed. The urgent pitch of my voice startled even me. Despite my request, the owner of this doomed domicile seemed to relish the dread he evoked from within me. His eyes sparkled with malice as the moon’s vermilion glow bled through his stare.
“What does a man such as you have to fear?” he questioned. I watched in disgust as his thin lips parted, revealing a chain of decayed teeth. “You’ve already stipulated your disbelief in otherworldly influences. A man as insightful as you couldn’t possibly be frightened by the presence of an ailing woman of such an insignificant size—or could he?”
I suspected that the maniacal master had no intention of waiting for me to relay a response that might’ve dissuaded his morbid objective. The unbearable clawing from outside the door still persisted. If indeed the Lady Madeline was solely responsible for such a clamor, I didn’t wish to discover her motivations.
“I don’t want to see her,” I told Roderick sternly.
The pale-skinned proprietor leered at me as if I was as uncomplicated as a child’s storybook. Even as I pleaded with him to release the door’s knob, he clasped it as if his fingers had melded with the oxidized metal. “You must learn to face that which makes the blood quicken in your veins,” he proclaimed. “Do not fail this test. What I am proposing is nothing short than an act of altruism. What kind of host would I be if I permitted you to leave my estate in the identical condition of your arrival?”
Roderick’s pledge struck me as disingenuous. I couldn’t trust a man whose brain was potentially more contorted than his twin sister’s limbs. Of course, simply voicing my disapproval to his rather bizarre brand of therapy didn’t alter the circumstance in my favor. Lady Madeline’s tortured moaning still rebounded against my eardrums, prompting me to forward a frantic demand.
“As I already told you, sir,” I stated. “I don’t wish to see your sister. I’m afraid there’s nothing I can do to help her. You will find a way to deal with her in your own time, but I don’t want to be a part of it.”
“It’s already too late for that,” Roderick gushed mordantly. He then deliberately turned the knob, which permitted the door to creak open. In a bid to escape the horror of his sister’s emergence, I bounced like a rubber ball to the chamber’s opposite end, attempting to escape through another door. Adding to my chagrin, this exit was locked from the other side. Even with my avenue of departure nullified, I still couldn’t amass the courage to direct my eyes to where I believed the Lady Madeline had entered the room.
“Stare upon her, Mr. Cobbs!” Roderick bellowed. I ignored his command by keeping my back turned toward the now open door. After several seconds I realized that Madeline’s anguished cries had vanished. I discerned nothing more than Roderick’s haunting snicker. When I finally faced the master again, he scowled at me through half-closed eyelids. We were still the chamber’s only visible occupants.
“I don’t understand what you’re trying to do,” I complained.
“Then perhaps you never shall.”
“Where is your sister, sir?”
Roderick forwarded no coherent response. He was content to let me formulate my own conclusion. As it now stood, I was convinced that the woman managed to hide herself within the quarters. A few seconds earlier I heard her guttural sighs just as audibly as Roderick’s own tittering. “If this is a joke,” I informed my demented host, “then I don’t share in your warped sense of humor.”
“It seems proper that laughter is absent from these premises,” he noted.
“Except for your own,” I countered.
“All is not as it seems. Sometimes a laugh is really a cry for help. When you stop running, you’ll appreciate my insight.”
“I’m not running.”
“Oh, but you are, Mr. Cobbs, and with such uncanny speed that your eyes can barely adjust to the scenery at hand.” Roderick extended his arms as if to present the chamber’s contents to me for the first time. “You’ve trusted your eyes for far too long. But once you accept that even the keenest onlooker can’t detect everything he needs to understand, you’ll slow down and learn to perceive your surroundings with an internal lens. Only then will you observe the fears that have delivered you to the House of Usher.”
In spite of Roderick’s insistence on my inner blindness, I couldn’t embrace the ranting of a man who was arguably sicker than me. Lady Madeline’s presence among us no longer mattered. I already decided my next course of action. “I must leave here now,” I pronounced tonelessly. “My intrusion has been a grave mistake.”
Roderick shifted to one side of the door’s frame, designating access into the blackened corridor. “You’re free to leave whenever you wish,” he declared. “After all, we both know that I have no power to detain you any longer than you’ll willingly grant.” I required no further encouragement from him before initiating my next move. His pledge to permit me to flee unimpeded proved sincere. Once my footsteps were in full motion, I had no inclination to glance back at the despondent master.
Within a few moments I vacated the fated house where Roderick Usher prepared to die alongside his sister. I planned to keep a steady gait until the estate’s architecture became too distant for my eyes to intercept. But a force stronger than my own willpower compelled me to face the gothic mansion’s façade one last time. Between the elevating funnels of mist encircling the house, I discerned the infamous fissure that inconspicuously split the foundation in two sections.
It had occurred to me many years before this visitation that the crack signified something far more pertinent than a dwelling in disrepair. Those familiar with Roderick’s motivations debated the evidence of his insanity through the jagged line of structural decomposition. Now, I too questioned the framework of my own stability. I couldn’t predict how much longer I’d be capable of maintaining the appearance of a man who was impenetrable to the sorrows of his surroundings. Was Roderick Usher the only person to plainly observe the division of my sensibilities? I simply couldn’t yet presume to know the answer.


Chapter 56

2:37 P.M.


If any man expected to thrive with a sense of accomplishment, his first obligation was to eradicate the bitterness from his past. My own veiled rancor had ushered me to the place where I now hunkered like a beleaguered prisoner. When I awakened from my most recent episode, I found myself curled over in the front seat of my car, appearing more fetal than formidable in my pursuit to discover the source of my own ailment. After checking my watch, I realized that I had only about eight minutes to get to my scheduled appointment on time with Dr. Pearson. Fortunately, his office was no farther than a five-minute drive away from the high school.
I inspected my face in the rearview mirror and cringed at the pallor currently pasted on my cheeks like an ivory mask. Particles of dried blood still crusted over my left nostril. Adding to my ghastly visage, my eye sockets looked increasingly hollow and rimmed with circles the color of deep contusions. At this point I considered it a minor miracle that I still had the resilience to forage through this day.
Before leaving the parking lot, I noticed the afternoon buses lining up in front of the building, thereby marking an end to this school day. Most of the kids filed onto their respective buses as I drove my car out of the rear exit. I continued to assure myself that the majority of my spells occurred at least ten minutes apart; this justification was necessary for me to attempt to drive to Physicians’ Park. There was only one plaza constructed on the four-mile stretch of roadway between Ravendale and Willows Edge. As it was with most modern construction projects, larger retail conglomerates consumed the bulk of square footage. A Super Wal-Mart, roughly the size of an urban hospital, was solely responsible for bankrupting most of the mom-and-pop businesses along Main Street about ten years ago. But a few strategically placed medical residences made picking up a gallon of milk and eggs, along with a clean bill of health from the family doctor, a matter of convenience.
My parents’ doctor was the senior William Pearson, who retired from medicine about five years before his death. In true nepotistic fashion, the elder groomed his oldest son to take over his practice. Since that transition over a decade ago, William Pearson Jr. successfully increased his father’s patient load threefold. Some attributed this growth to the ambitious son’s superior diagnostic skills and bedside manner, but I presumed it had more to do with a surge in Ravendale’s population. On the few occasions in which I did step into his office over the past several months, I was reminded of the need for a larger waiting room.
The biggest challenge I encountered during the drive was after I arrived in the undersized parking lot. The bargain shoppers’ vehicles spilled over into a narrow area originally designated for the medical plaza. Despite numerous signs threatening fines and towing, people parked wherever a space opened up. Of all days, I hoped that my doctor’s secretary had slotted me in at a time when I wouldn’t have to stew in anxious silence among other patients. As I approached a neatly manicured landscape of perennials adorning the building’s front walkway, I paused and recited a passage from Dante’s The Inferno. From my perspective, the quote seemed strangely appropriate: “Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.”
Before my headaches started to become unbearable a few months ago, I had inherited my father’s irresponsible strategy when it came to attending regular checkups by a doctor. Narrow-minded men like Chester Cobbs considered a physical examination to be a telltale indicator of frailty. It was either that or maybe he was just secretly afraid to discover the facts about his declining health. As a boy, I remembered admiring his toughness, but it was this same obdurate demeanor that steered such men into their graves prematurely.
I couldn’t boast about four decades of a physician-free existence even before my symptoms became problematic, but I was by no means a regular customer. My mother had a much more proactive approach to evading illnesses. She spent the latter period of her life in various waiting rooms and pharmacies, warding off the inevitable. Ultimately, she outlived my father, but not without ingesting a cabinet full of medication on a nightly basis. I sometimes wondered if my father had the right idea all along.
Obviously, I wasn’t in any state of mind to proclaim this as a lucky day for me, but at least the waiting room was essentially vacant when I entered the office. Maybe this was an omen of good news yet to come, but a morose-faced receptionist hastily dashed any hope I harbored of sustaining such an illusion. She sat motionless at an organized counter behind a plate glass window. This middle-aged woman, outfitted in blue scrubs, looked familiar; perhaps she assisted me on a prior visit. Yet I couldn’t be certain on this point. I remembered her hair being blacker, longer, and not flecked with as much silver around her temples.
As I shuffled closer toward her station, I studied her expression with a measured scrutiny, thinking that she’d reveal something her in mannerisms that previewed what she no doubt already ascertained in regard to my health. At least I didn’t smell an odor of cucumbers permeating the office. The distinct detachment in her steely eyes was unmistakable, and I likened her gaze to the Ferryman of Hades before delivering the deceased travelers across the shores of the rivers Styx and Acheron. Eventually she forced a smile to straighten her pursed lips, and then a mode of professionalism resurfaced.
“Hello, Mr. Cobbs,” she said in monotone. “If you’ll have a seat, Dr. Pearson will be right with you.”
In such tense moments, I figured a dose of comic relief was the proper prescription. I jokingly gestured toward an empty column of vinyl chairs behind me and quipped, “Pretty dead in here today, huh?” Naturally, my ill-timed humor produced no trace of mirth in this receptionist’s hickory wood visage. She duplicated the same awkward gaze as my students after I tried to inject humor into the classroom before a major test. Before our conversation became even more discomfited, I retreated to the waiting area like a boy scolded by his mother.
I didn’t claim to know what the interior of all doctors’ offices looked liked, but I assumed there was a circulating catalogue that the decorators of such venues followed dutifully. A calming shade of mint green paint bathed the walls. Randomly hung artwork consisted of framed reproductions of Robert Wood’s landscapes and a few sun-splashed cottage scenes by Thomas Kinkade. The furniture was cheap but pragmatic. A circular table stacked with an assortment of trendy magazines served its function for superficial reading material. Adding to this predictable ambiance, and perhaps my own misery, was elevator-inspired instrumentals piped in from speakers hidden in the ceiling. All of this fluff, of course, amounted to nothing more than a hackneyed disguise for the paranoid occupants who assembled beneath an intrusive glow of fluorescent light.
After surveying the room, I noticed one other patient in company. He initially escaped my inspection because he purposely wedged himself into a corner seat out of view from anyone coming in or leaving the office. Evidently, the man was quite old, and visibly malnourished. His skin appeared as white as bleached linen, save for a stream of purple veins bursting through his hands and neck like uncoiled wire. As a matter of courtesy, I attempted to avoid staring at this haggard fellow, but this effort was similar to trying to avert a gaze from a terrible car wreck or fire.
I instinctively grabbed a copy of an issue of Sports Illustrated from the table; at least it was the swimsuit addition. Then, still feigning an aura of disinterest in the antique man’s slouching posture, I sat down a few seats away from him. He didn’t acknowledge me at first, and I assumed he had drifted to sleep during his own wait. Ordinarily, the scantily clad images of airbrushed beauties sunbathing amidst tropical tides would’ve provided a sufficient diversion from this oldster, but my eyes kept swaying to him as if we had met before. For all I knew, it could’ve been in this very place.
He sported an earthen-colored suit badly in need of tailoring and undoubtedly borrowed from a wardrobe dating back at least thirty years. His charcoal shoes and socks were tattered, seemingly as timeworn as their owner. I sensed apathy simmering beneath a grizzled brow. The guy had lived no fewer than eighty years, but whatever disease ravaged his gaunt body made him appear at least ten years older. His eyes were generally mild, but stained colorless by cataracts. He reeked of unwashed armpits, cherry-flavored tobacco, and cheap booze. But there was another odor too that I couldn’t readily identify. 
Generally, when occupying space with strangers in any medical setting, it was wisest to keep conversation to a minimum, hence the hoard of magazines. Yet, within one’s mind, it was almost inevitable to compare illnesses to alleviate anxiety. I decided to keep my thoughts private, but offered a nod of my chin at the elder in case he sought any type of acknowledgment. It didn’t take him too long to breach waiting-room etiquette.
“I liked your joke,” he murmured in a voice that sounded as if he chewed flaming tobacco leaves for the past five decades.
“Thanks,” I responded, nearly forgetting what I said only a few minutes beforehand. “I guess this place could use a little lightheartedness, huh?”
The wizened man then dislodged what sounded like a puddle of mucous from his throat, which he surreptitiously deposited into a handkerchief. I noticed two scars on his throat that gave a clue to the nature of his disease, but I refrained from asking any questions that might’ve upset him.
“You look so young,” he wheezed, “much too damn young to be stuck in this hellish place anyway.”
“I’m almost forty-three,” I informed him. But as I knew well, recent years hadn’t been especially kind at preserving my once-boyish features. In truth, I didn’t appear much healthier than the man sitting beside me, and he looked as if he had just crawled from a crypt to make this appointment. Whether sickly or otherwise, I realized that older people relished the past more so than the present. Seeing what grim ends we all had to look forward to, I couldn’t fault anyone in this capacity. After all, no one ever reminisced about being feeble and incontinent. I already surmised that this man’s appetite for nostalgia was just as famished as the rest of his body.
“Would you believe me if I told you I never smoked a cigarette in my entire eighty-three years of life? God be my witness on that one.” I wasn’t certain if his question was rhetorical, so I politely shrugged my shoulders while flipping through the magazine. “How was I supposed to know that cigars would be my downfall? My own pop puffed on them for sixty years and never had so much as a sore throat.”
“Some things can’t be predicted in life,” I offered. Admittedly, my response was robotically lazy and cold, but I didn’t want to pretend to care more about his predicament more than the one currently confronting me. My indifference, however, did not dissuade the man from proceeding with his rant on human suffering.
“Let me tell you something: once cancer gets you in its greedy clutches, it ain’t lettin’ go. And believe me, I’m the last fellow in Ravendale who’d ever give up in a winnable fight. Hell, I worked for over forty years without missing a day’s work.”
Not so atypically, this oldster seemed eager to prove to me that he still possessed the vigor of a much younger man. I had no cause to contradict him. But I was more intrigued that he lived in this area for so long and I didn’t recognize him, at least by his present appearance. I decided now was as good as time as any to redirect the course of our conversation.
“How long have you lived in Ravendale, sir?” I asked.
The codger scratched his balding head with a crusty fingernail before replying, “Must be over half a century now, give or take a year.”
“I’m surprised we never met. I’ve lived in Willows Edge most of my life, too.”
“Is that so? What’s your name, stranger?”
“Corbin Cobbs.”
The man’s expression froze momentarily as he pondered what I told him. “I knew there was something a tad familiar about you,” he commented in a raspy voice. “You wouldn’t be related to a Chester Cobbs, would ya?” My face must’ve looked equally petrified upon hearing him mention this name.
“He was my father,” I declared. “Did you know him?”
The oldster snickered at me unabashedly before proclaiming, “Indeed I did. We worked together for close to thirty years at Tillens. Your old man was a hard workin’ fellow, mainly. Accept my belated condolences on his passing.”
“Of course. Thank you. What is your name, sir?”
“Benjamin Hunchler. The guys around the plant used to call me Benji. It still suits me fine to go by that name.”
“You know, Benji, I think I remember my father mentioning your name from time to time, but I don’t recall seeing you at his funeral.”
“I don’t go to funerals. They’re for dead people. I’m still tryin’ to wangle a scheme to keep from attendin’ my own.”
The old man’s unforeseen humor induced a modest chuckle from me. I might’ve even laughed more audaciously if he hadn’t instigated such an eerie chill to stir within me. After I repeated his name a few times over in my head, I began to remember some of the stories my father shared with my mother over the dinner table about Benjamin Hunchler. To my memory, most people who knew him referred to his antics in less than flattering terms. My father was no different in this regard. As foreman of Tillens’ Labeling, Benji merited the reputation as a domineering, belligerent boozer who verbally harassed his employees regularly.
It was difficult to look upon this cracked shell of a man now and link him to the brooding image my father depicted. But Chester Cobbs rarely censored or exaggerated his opinions of people he despised, especially in the seclusion of his own home. In such moments, I wondered if it was fair to judge a man’s temperament based on hearsay. I decided to refrain from provoking the formerly cantankerous guy by rekindling such memories. Many years ago my father forwarded some indispensable insight about the truth: two versions existed, and the reality resided somewhere between them both. Besides, I had neither a desire nor the determination to extract the other half from a dying drunkard. I was perfectly content to permit our introduction to end at this moment, but Benji viewed this as an opportunity—perhaps his last—to spew forth some gin-laced rhetoric into the room.
“Here’s my philosophy on life,” he continued as if each slurred word had invaluable import. “The crueler a man is, the longer he’ll likely survive. Take me as an example. There probably ain’t three people in this entire town who wouldn’t describe me as the rottenest son-of-a-cuss who ever lived in Ravendale. But in spite of what they’d say, I’m still breathin’. Even mouth and throat cancer can’t take me down as quickly as it does others. Up until a few years ago, I hadn’t experienced so much as a hangnail, and I’ve drunk, womanized, and cursed every goddamned day of my life. Funny thing is, Corbin, most of those folks who despised me are already nestled in for their dirt naps. You hearin’ my point? It’s not bein’ wicked that kills a fella; it’s holdin’ it inside that rots a man’s body from marrow to flesh.”
It’s common sense to recognize that a man with alcohol on his breath was not a good source of wisdom. But I still couldn’t assess this observation as purely being the drivel of an inebriated cynic. What if Benjamin Hunchler was right? As I sat contemplating this dour possibility, I felt the sting of the old man’s eyes jabbing at my skin like two heated sickles. He already perceived a characteristic about me that I was unwilling or unable to amend.
“Look at you,” he remarked piteously. “You can’t be half my age and yet you look like a man who’s already givin’ up.”
“I’d rather not talk about it right now. Okay?”
“I guess it has to be okay, but keepin’ the misery harnessed inside ya ain’t gonna make your pain go away any sooner. Look how far your silent agony has gotten you in life, Corbin. You’ve become an enemy to yourself, and I rate that as a whole lot more loathsome than being surrounded by a room full of people who hate your stinkin’ guts.”
As Benji relayed his thoughts in unrestricted terms, I felt bits of spittle flicking off his tongue and spattering against my cheeks. Rather than move from my current position, I glanced toward the receptionist. She still perched like a militant official behind her glass and drywall fortress, which was seemingly impervious to the banter occurring less than fifteen feet away from her. The woman didn’t even acknowledge my discomfort. Meanwhile, since I neglected to chide Benji for his unsolicited analysis, he viewed this oversight as permission to bore a bit deeper into the pockets of my persona.
“I want you to know something about your father,” he told me. “As I said, Chester was a reliable worker, which is more than I can say for half of those slackers down at that plant back in those days. Like most plain-minded folks, he lived for his job. But let me ask you something personal. Did you ever see your father smile when he came home from work at the end of the day?”
“My father didn’t smile very often,” I thought aloud.
“I figured as much. Shit, I guess there wasn’t much to smile about after comin’ home from Tillens. Fixin’ labels on cans and bottles ain’t all that thrillin’ when you come right down to it, if you know what I mean.”
“Well, considering how many hours my father put in at that factory, I always believed he found some escapism from it. I know this much: he spent more time worrying about his paychecks than he did his family.”
“Sounds like someone didn’t get enough daddy time.”
“Look, Benji,” I said adamantly, “I didn’t come here today to discuss my father, and I don’t think you did either. So why don’t we just drop this subject right now, huh?”
“Why? Is it makin’ you a tad edgy to talk about your old man?”
“I said drop it. I’m not kidding.”
“At least you’re showin’ a bit of moxie now,” he commended me. “But for your own damn good, let me clue you in on something vital. Trust me, I’m not one for idle chatter. Just like you, I got business elsewhere. I mentioned your old man for a reason. Hell, I’ve known you just shy of five minutes and I can already see that the nut didn’t roll far from the chestnut tree. You and your daddy have a lot in common. Chester was the type of fella who kept things to himself, which ain’t so bad all the time. But a boilin’ vat has got to let off steam now and again. Am I makin’ any damn sense to you?”
“I don’t want to think about this right now. Didn’t I make myself clear?”
“Let me end this by sayin’ that it’s worth gettin’ a little riled from time to time. Besides, you ain’t doin’ anyone any favors by keepin’ all that resentment shackled in your head. If you do, it’ll turn your brain to muck.”
“The only thing I’m resenting right now is that you think I’m walking around angry at the world.”
“Not the world, Corbin, just the people in it,” Benji muttered. “I’m tellin’ you what I would’ve told my own son if I ever had one. Young men fight for what others tell em’ to believe in. Old fellas take arms for what they truly feel. When you find out what makes your own pulse pump faster, then you’ll know where to draw the scrimmage line.”
Benjamin Hunchler then settled back against his chair and assumed the quiescent posture that I witnessed when first entering the waiting room. But it was already too late to pretend his words hadn’t unnerved me. I sensed a chill seeping down the length of my spine as I studied his wan features. Naturally, most of my sorrowful thoughts bent towards my father. Was Chester Cobbs really an embittered man? It’s not as though I hadn’t considered this possibility before, but it registered as realer when delivered by a source outside my family.
If this was so, how much did I ever really know about the man Chester Cobbs? Perhaps it was an unfair expectation for any son to comprehend his father’s yearnings. Most of us were conditioned at an early age to believe that parents thrived only through the accomplishments of their children. It dismayed me to speculate that my father catered to my needs while simultaneously neglecting his own. How could I ever be expected to repay a man for his selfless sacrifices when I was too young to appreciate them? In truth, I never discovered the things my father cherished. What music did he listen to? Who was his favorite ballplayer? What did he dream about when he was a young man? Sadly, I knew the answer to none of these questions.
If I remained in this setting for another minute contemplating these unchangeable regrets, I might’ve instigated another episode. But the receptionist must’ve watched me fidget in my chair one too many times. In the process, I nearly tore the magazine I held in half. She maneuvered from behind her desk and opened the door, thereby giving access to Dr. Pearson’s examination room. Since Benjamin was obviously waiting longer than me, I wondered why he wasn’t called in first. But I didn’t let a possible oversight stop me from jumping ahead of him. If I was a religious man, now might’ve been the appropriate time to recite a hundred prayers. But the only heady words in my mind at the moment were the final ones uttered to me by my father before he died: ‘I want to live.’


Chapter 57

2:59 P.M.


I’m certain Dr. William Pearson had dispensed a fair (or unfair) share of prognoses to his patients since taking the helm of his father’s practice. I still couldn’t claim to know the accuracy of these forecasts any better than I knew the number of lives he saved. He had, however, revealed a genuine compassion whenever we spoke, and the same couldn’t always be said about the senior Dr. Pearson. After I situated in the examination room to endure yet another waiting period, I gathered that my thoughts were rather conventional. I sometimes pondered the brevity of life, but it never seemed so vivid to me until I slouched in this office’s sterile chamber awaiting my appointment with fate.
Whatever the outcome, Dr. Pearson had an unattainable task of pretending that my welfare mattered as much to him as it did to me. All aspiring physicians must’ve practiced this charade repeatedly in front of a mirror while in medical school. But I simply wanted to bypass the theatrics and pretense often associated with this exercise. My anticipation lasted only a few seconds longer. Dr. Pearson emerged holding a large manila folder and a smaller file attached to a clipboard that was most likely littered with my medical history.
Since I’d known Dr. Pearson, his Tabula rasa-like countenance was always difficult to interpret. I equated it to deciphering Egyptian hieroglyphics. Even upon greeting me today, he didn’t permit his eyes to focus on my face for too long. He shifted his gaze to random objects throughout the room, lending an air of apathy to his demeanor. Some people mistook this habit as an unconscious reflex associated with dishonesty, but I was convinced that this man didn’t relish imparting bad news anymore than his patients wanted to receive it.
I imagined that a substantial portion of Dr. Pearson’s increased popularity derived from the local females. By even a casual observance, his comeliness was distinctive. Upon seeing him for the first time, I thought he might’ve been a stand-in actor for one of those cheesy medical dramas or soap operas where all the doctors looked like candidates for GQ magazine. He sported a helmet of meticulously sculpted black hair that looked like a wig belonging to an Elvis Presley impersonator. In fact, he resembled the King of Rock in his heyday more than I initially remembered, right down to a chiseled jaw-line, pool water eyes, and perfectly shaped lips. All that was missing from his accouterments was a jewel-spangled jumpsuit and Martin guitar.
We were probably the same age chronologically, but few people would’ve placed him within fifteen years my junior by my current appearance. As he entered the room, Dr. Pearson instinctively moved toward a light board, where he routinely displayed X-rays, or in this case, the results of a CT scan. I elected to spare him the burden of a long-winded presentation with three-dimensional images.
“You can skip the formalities,” I assured him. “I just want to know what’s wrong with me.” I hoped Dr. Pearson appreciated my bluntness, but we both realized that I had waited far too long for an accurate diagnosis. Despite my impatience, he was reluctant to blurt out any information, which was never a good sign. Instead of appeasing my demand, he set the folder and clipboard on top of a paper sleeve covering an examining table. Had I not already taken a seat, he would’ve surely directed me to one.
“How are you feeling today, Corbin?” he asked me. I barely acknowledged his question, but the gravity in his tone weighted us both as close to the ground as possible in these seconds.
“Honestly, Dr. Pearson, I feel exactly how I look.” At this point he settled down into a chair beside me and crossed his legs, cupping one hand on his kneecap and the other on a silver pen tucked in a pocket of his white coat. I knew what was coming next, and now I just needed to make sure I handled it with whatever dignity I had left intact. “So what’s the verdict? Should I make vacation plans this summer or not?”
My bid for delicate humor failed to manufacture even the slightest curl from his lips. Comedy was definitely not on the agenda this afternoon. Rather than respond directly to my question, he decided to stall by asking one of his own. I recognized this as yet another tactic to ease into the unpleasantness of this part of his profession. “Are your headaches still getting worse?”
“Not worse, but more frequent,” I said.
“And you’re still losing consciousness whenever these headaches occur?”
“More now than ever before.”
Dr. Pearson removed the pen from his lab coat and proceeded to reach for the clipboard to presumably jot down a few notes. As he wrote hastily on a sheet of yellow paper, I wondered if he was sketching doodles as a way to subvert his own anxiety. He then took the folder containing my CT scan and placed it in the center of his lap. “Are you sure you don’t want to look at the results together?”
“I don’t need pictures to convince me,” I remarked. “Your words will suffice.”
“Well, the scan proved to be quite helpful,” he announced, but with a deliberate degree of hesitancy. “At least we’re sure what’s happening to you now.” The doctor cleared his throat and glanced down at the folder clenched between his fingertips.
“Just tell me what I’m up against.”
“It appears that you have a rather severe cerebrovascular disorder, Corbin.”
I suddenly felt as obtuse as one of my unprepared students receiving a pop vocabulary quiz. “Okay,” I said curtly, “now tell me again—this time in plain English.”
Dr. Pearson’s voice softened as he selected his words as judiciously as a neurosurgeon exploring the cerebral cortex. “It seems that you have an unusual cluster of aneurysms.” He appeared to sigh without making a sound as I processed his diagnosis. “In this case, we’ve discovered at least three abnormalities in the blood vessels surrounding the left hemisphere of your brain.”
“That doesn’t sound too optimistic,” I murmured. The doctor refrained from commenting on my own prognosis, which in itself revealed everything I needed to know. Right now he was just trying to find the gentlest way to convey my slim chance of recovery. “I’m going to assume that there’s no treatment for this condition, right?”
“In some cases there’s certain procedures to deal with aneurysms, but they’re highly risky. Under normal circumstances, we’d try to surgically clip the weakened vessel, or perform an endovascular coiling.”
“You’re talking medical jargon again, Doctor. Are these options for me or not?”
“I’m afraid the dilations in your brain are too big, Corbin. The largest is close to 35 millimeters. That’s an inoperable size. The other two aren’t much smaller.”
“So there’s absolutely nothing that you can do?”
Every patient feared asking his doctor such a question. It almost felt surreal uttering the words aloud. But I yearned to know the details just as much as Dr. Pearson needed to inform me. “I’m not even qualified for this type of surgery,” he declared without a trace of humility. “I’d have to refer you to a specialist, and I’m willing to do so. But, since I know that you’re a straight shooter, I don’t want to mislead you. I don’t think you’d be a candidate for surgery.”
“Don’t I get to make that choice?”
Dr. Pearson glanced at me as if I was infantile about my ability to control this situation. “It’s much too risky,” he said while methodically shaking his head from side to side. “The sheer size and positioning of the diseased vessels makes the likelihood of a subarachnoid hemorrhage substantially greater. In truth, you probably wouldn’t survive the operation.”
“But if I do nothing, what can I expect to come of that?”
“Unfortunately, forgoing a surgical procedure at this stage won’t correct the disease. The vessels could rupture at any time. I’m afraid it’s a fatal condition.”
“So what you’re telling me is that I’m essentially a walking time bomb. My brain could implode at any moment. Is that accurate?”
“In a figurative manner of speaking, I suppose you’re right,” said Dr. Pearson glumly.
I sometimes wondered what it would’ve felt like to stare into the face of a man who knew that I was dying. Naturally, Dr. Pearson couldn’t sustain eye contact with me. He hung his head sheepishly as if he had just dispensed his first death sentence. His futility in these seconds undoubtedly equaled my own.
“I wish I had better news for you, Corbin. Believe me, if I suspected that you even had a twenty percent chance of making it off the table alive, I’d recommend the surgery. But I’ve never before seen dilations quite like the ones you’ve developed. Frankly, I’m surprised you’re still walking around.”
“It’s okay, Dr. Pearson,” I assured him. “I respect your honesty.”
“Of course, I wouldn’t blame you for seeking a second opinion. In fact, I’d feel better if you did.”
“That won’t be necessary. You know, I probably already suspected what you were going to tell me before I came in here. This was just confirmation. I’ll deal with it in my own way.”
If I was being earnest, I hadn’t yet determined precisely what my next move might’ve been or even where I’d focus my thoughts once departing this office. Dr. Pearson must’ve detected the puzzlement in my expression as I stood up from the chair and paced over to the nearest window. I glanced through the slats of a vertical blind, watching another line of storm clouds clot the sky. “Looks like we’re due for some more rain,” I remarked, hoping to frame my thoughts on something other than my inescapable doom.
“I didn’t notice anyone in the waiting room with you,” Dr. Pearson returned, ignoring my impromptu weather forecast. “Did you come here by yourself?” After I nodded my head in the affirmative, he forwarded a trite suggestion. “Maybe you should call your wife and have her pick you up. It’s probably not a good idea that you’re driving anyway.”
“I’m fine,” I insisted. “It’s not my style to trouble people.”
“This is your wife we’re talking about. I’m sure she wouldn’t be bothered, especially in light of these circumstances. You can’t handle this by yourself. She’s going to need to help you get around in the coming weeks.”
“Really,” I said, barely withholding a saccharine chuckle. “Do you think I’ll even be around that long?” My question, of course, was intentionally sarcastic, but apparently Dr. Pearson skipped the seminar on subtle shots of cynicism.
“It’s hard to say how much time you have,” he replied while tucking his pen back into his coat’s pocket. “If your headaches continue to worsen and the black outs become increasingly regular and sporadic…well, I think we both know that isn’t very encouraging.”
“But if you were a betting man, how much time would you say I really have?” I expected this inquiry to cause the doctor some distress. I presumed most people presented this question to him after the phase of denial diminished. “There’s no point in holding back anything from me now,” I goaded him.
“Would it make any difference if I told you a week, a month, or a year?”
“It might cut down on my Book-of-the-Month purchases,” I jested.
“Look, I don’t like to play guessing games when estimating someone’s lifespan.”
“I’m not asking for guesswork, Doctor. I’m asking for your professional opinion.”
“There’s not a physician in this world who can be a hundred percent accurate all the time. Because of the fallible nature of science, curatives, and other unknowable factors, I’d rather not speculate.”
“Other unknowable factors?” I repeated. “And what might those be?”
“Well, for one: your willpower, Corbin. There’s no failsafe technique to measure someone’s desire to live. That alone sometimes prolongs life.”
I appreciated the doctor’s diplomatic approach. After all, it wasn’t painless work wielding the Grim Reaper’s sickle on a daily basis. I continued to circle the room’s interior, tracing my fingertips along a cart of medical apparatuses, looking at a wall calendar displaying an array of antique clocks, before angling back behind my chair to face Dr. Pearson again. I must’ve seemed like I was searching for an answer that neither of us had the privilege to divulge.
“So what’s next, Doctor?”
“My advice is for you to go home and relax,” he suggested mechanically. “Don’t do anything too strenuous, nothing that’ll get your blood pumping too quickly.”
“I’ll be sure to cancel my cage fighting exhibition,” I smirked. By now, Dr. Pearson must’ve recognized how I deflected emotional pain with humor. In this instance, I managed to coax a tiny grin from the man’s taut mouth. But his mirth was merely a prelude to a contentious topic.
“I’d really feel more comfortable if you left here with your wife,” he reiterated. “I’ll have my receptionist call her if you’re not feeling up to it.”
Dr. Pearson must’ve secretly perceived me as a potentially reckless pilot ready to unleash myself into the flux of routine. I understood his concern. I couldn’t assure him that I wouldn’t pass out while driving and swerve into oncoming traffic, or simply do so without falling unconscious—thereby taking a proactive role in my own demise.
“I know a diagnosis like this isn’t easy to accept,” he continued, dealing the sympathy card with a magician’s legerdemain. “You can stay in this office for as long as you like, maybe even lie down for a bit to gather your sensibilities.”
I attempted to exude a distinct placidness, but my ruse obviously wasn’t going to win me any academy awards. Dr. Pearson had observed too many anguished faces to misinterpret my unsettled state of mind. “Just appease me and call your wife,” he repeated. “I don’t want you to be alone while driving home.”
“Oh, don’t fret about such nonsense,” I countered. “I’m never really alone.” The doctor seemed troubled by the abstruse inflection in my voice. Naturally, he couldn’t resist investigating my motives further.
“I’m getting an odd feeling that you’re holding something inside. Do you have anything else to tell me?”
“Nothing pertinent springs to mind.”
Dr. Pearson removed his gleaming pen from his coat again, this time also clutching a prescription pad from a counter close to where he sat. “I’m going to prescribe you something that’ll help with your anxiety,” he said while scribbling his signature on a sheet of Rx paper. “It’s a mild sedative, nothing too potent.”
“Just what I needed,” I groaned, “More mind-altering substances.”
He tore the slip of paper from the pad and dangled it in front of me as if I was a junkie in need of a fix, but I didn’t make a motion for it. “Trust me, it’ll help lessen your anxiousness,” he insisted. “Go ahead and take it.”
“No thanks, Doctor. I’d rather stay clear-headed for whatever time I have left.”
“You don’t have to prove you’re a hero to me. None of us are that brave when facing a medical crisis. At least this medicine will help you sleep at night.”
“Please,” I tittered with purposeful amusement. “The last thing I want to do is fall asleep. Haven’t I told you how many times I’ve passed out today already?”
“Not specifically.”
“I don’t plan on taking any more drugs,” I said firmly. “But I do have another question to ask you before I leave.”
“Okay. Go ahead.”
“I’m not sure how many patients you’ve treated with aneurysms in the past, but is it normal for a person in my condition to experience dreams when he passes out?” Predictably, Dr. Pearson stalled before forwarding a response; the mark of a competent physician required him to pensively deliberate each question asked of him whether he knew the answer to it or not.
“Well, it’s never wise to speak in absolutes,” he offered, “but studies have shown that brain activity is still present even when a patient is comatose. Providing that your brain is still functioning, dreaming will occur reflexively.”
“But would it be likely to remember the dreams in detail?”
“Less than likely,” he replied. “Is that what’s happening to you?”
I nodded my chin and smeared a layer of perspiration from my forehead. “The odd thing is, Dr. Pearson, I remember more minutiae about my dreams today than any of the others I’ve ever had before. It’s almost impossible to describe to you how vivid these images are. Honestly, it’s like there’s no clear boundary between reality and fantasy for me right now.”
The doctor hesitated on cue, this time even scratching his index finger against the side of his temple to emphasize his contemplation. “I wish I had a concrete answer for you, Corbin. However, I will go on record and say that the human brain is very a complex organ. Two people may experience the exact same condition, yet their symptoms will often be entirely dissimilar. Now, if it’s the content of your subconscious thoughts that’s worrying you, I’m afraid we’re straying toward a discipline that I’m not qualified to comment upon.”
“So I’d be better off seeing a shrink in this regard?”
“Why don’t we just take one step at a time, okay? At the moment, all I want you to do is call your wife, tell her to come and pick you up, and then go home and take it easy.”
Since Dr. Pearson had nothing worthwhile for me to mull over, it seemed like an appropriate moment for me take my leave from him. When I started toward the room’s door, however, I felt the doctor’s hand fasten around my wrist.
“I don’t think you’re quite ready to go yet,” he insisted. “You’re not thinking clearly.”
I lowered my eyes methodically and stared at his fingers clasped around my arm; this was my nonverbal clue for him to relinquish his grip. “You’ve told me everything I needed to know,” I remarked. “There’s not too much left for us to talk about.”
“Corbin, I’ve been in this situation numerous times before with patients. You need to let me help you.”
“I appreciate your concern, but I’ll be okay. Besides, you’ve already told me that there’s nothing you can do to change my fate.”
“At least let your wife drive you home. That’s all I’m asking.”
I must’ve twitched maliciously before I glared at the doctor. Then, in a moment where my civility weakened, I uttered, “Please stop asking me to seek my wife’s help. Did it ever occur to you that if she really gave two shits about me, she’d already be here?”
Dr. Pearson’s complexion became as colorless as his lab coat as he pondered my words. “I’m sorry. I just assumed she didn’t know you were coming to see me today.”
“Oh, she knew. In fact, I intentionally had her remind me of my appointment earlier today.” At this point all Dr. Pearson managed to do was nod his head compliantly while standing up from his chair. “I was hoping that things between you and your wife would’ve improved since the last time we spoke. Let me know if there’s anything else I can do for you, Corbin, okay?”
I then opened the door to the examining room without further protest from the doctor, but I dallied as another unrelated thought popped into my mind. “Well, since you offered,” I said, grinningly. “If you don’t mind, I do have one last question for you.”

“Sure.”
“I know I’m not being terribly original, but I bet a lot of patients come in here and tell you that you could pass for Elvis’s double.”
My statement caused a bit of blush to resurface in Dr. Pearson’s cheeks as he admitted, “Actually, I do hear that quite a bit. I’m not so sure how valid it is, though.”
“You needn’t be so coy with me, Doctor. Just tell me what’s your all-time favorite song by the King?”
“Geez, you’re putting me on the spot. To tell you the truth, I haven’t listened to a song by Elvis in years.”
“You’re being modest again,” I countered. “Come on, let me have it.”
“Okay,” Dr. Pearson conceded with a chuckle. “If I had to pick one, I suppose it’d be the song played at my twentieth wedding anniversary a few years ago. My wife, Karen, is an Elvis aficionado, by the way. Anyway, I think it’s called ‘The Wonder of You’.”
“Ah, that’s a tear-jerker. And a poignant ditty for a wedding anniversary, I might add.”
“Karen thought so, too.” When Dr. Pearson referenced his wife, a gleam filtered into eyes that reminded me of two newly minted nickels. I once had that same look of fresh love and would’ve consciously done anything to reacquaint myself with this feeling. The doctor now felt comfortable with my inquiry. “As long as we’re on the topic, do you have a favorite Elvis song?”
“Doesn’t everyone?” I replied wryly. “Mine is entitled ‘Suspicious Minds,’ and, for obvious reasons, it also reminds me of my wife.”
Dr. Pearson had nothing to forward to curtail my overt cynicism. Perhaps my jadedness was acerbic enough to wilt the flowery poetry of even Lord Byron himself. I then excused myself from the doctor’s company without any further commentary. When I returned to the receptionist’s desk, she didn’t bother asking me if I wanted to schedule another appointment. After all, it would’ve seemed like a superfluous gesture at this irrevocable stage of my illness. Still, something that couldn’t be overlooked was my co-payment, and this obligation stalled me long enough so that I was able to glance into the waiting room where I earlier meet Benjamin Hunchler. I reconnoitered the entire area, and then realized that the old man was no longer in the office. From there, my attention fixated on the receptionist.
“Where did that old guy go?” I asked her plainly, but perhaps more abruptly than she was accustomed. She stared at me with a deadpan visage, not even flicking so much as an eyelid to acknowledge my concern. I repeated myself, but her lips tightened as if they’d been hermetically sealed. “Didn’t you see that fellow in the waiting room with me a few minutes ago?”
“Mr. Cobbs,” she finally stated, “there’s nobody in the waiting room.”
“Well, I can see that now.” After another reconnaissance of the entire office, I became more inflexible. “But he was in there ten minutes ago. You must’ve seen me talking to him.” Her eyes narrowed slightly, which indicated a heightened level of perplexity. “His name is Benjamin Hunchler. You couldn’t have missed him leaving.”
My insistence didn’t produce any clarity in the woman’s expression. If anything, she appeared intimidated by my assertion. I watched her eyes scan across a computer screen, before she cross-referenced the name I mentioned with a list of scheduled appointments on her desktop.
“We don’t even have a Benjamin Hunchler as a patient on record here,” she affirmed.
“That’s impossible,” I muttered. I maneuvered back into the area where I’d conversed with the codger. A slight odor of cherry tobacco and stale sweat lingered on the chair he sat upon, but certainly not with enough pungency for the receptionist to distinguish. I pressed my hand on the cushion’s nylon fabric, checking for body warmth; the material was noticeably cool. “I swear he was sitting right in this chair,” I hollered across the office to the receptionist. “I spoke to him as surely as I’m speaking to you right now.”
The woman refrained from reiterating her account, but her gaze softened considerably as I stepped into the waiting room’s forefront. She most likely concluded that my disease had somehow hindered my ability to discriminate reality from mirages. I might’ve accepted this explanation as a possibility, but I hadn’t blacked out since entering the doctor’s office. As I lurched back toward the receptionist’s windowed enclosure, my mannerisms belied the determination I still harbored on this matter.
“Maybe you turned around for a minute and didn’t see him walk out,” I persisted.
She shook her head emphatically before stating, “Mr. Cobbs, you were the only patient I scheduled to see the doctor for the remainder of this afternoon.”
“That can’t be accurate. Check your records. Your files must be wrong.”
“They’re never wrong.”
“But I saw you watching us. You were looking straight at me when I was sitting next to him. Why don’t you remember?”
“I only saw you, Mr. Cobbs.”
By now, I was hunched over the counter’s ledge, brushing my fingertips through the top of my thinning hair. My obvious agitation caused the receptionist to scoot back into her seat. “Maybe I really am going bonkers,” I muttered. “How is it possible that I imagined talking to someone who was never even in this office?”
My rhetorical debate failed to inspire the receptionist to comment again. I still refused to believe that the incident under scrutiny was a byproduct of my sickness, but before I gathered the stamina to argue my point further, Dr. Pearson appeared from the adjacent room. His emergence spawned a sigh of relief from his suddenly distraught receptionist. She promptly retreated into the backroom, while Dr. Pearson assumed the duty of assuaging my discontent whether I welcomed it or not. Based on his placidness, I assumed he already overheard the gist of my dispute.
“Is everything okay, Corbin?”
“No,” I uttered. “I’m not sure what’s going on.” I proceeded to explain to him what I told his receptionist. Of course, he nodded his head discerningly as I spoke, pretending to process what he had no intention of entertaining as factual. At least he offered a palpable theory to support his disbelief.
“Weren’t we just having a discussion about your dreams? This is a prime example of where your hallucinations are becoming more problematic.”
“This wasn’t a dream,” I avowed. “That old guy was sitting in your waiting room, Doctor. I saw him as clearly as I see you right now. My mind hasn’t betrayed me completely.”
“Very well,” said Dr. Pearson, perhaps in an attempt to pacify me. “Supposing that you actually did talk to an older gentleman a few minutes ago, did he happen to mention his name?”
“Of course. He used to be a foreman at the labeling plant where my father worked. His name is Benjamin Hunchler.”
Dr. Pearson furrowed his brow as if he swallowed a phial of his own bitter medicine. He adjusted the collar on his shirt, and I then noticed his face turning a bit pasty. “What did you say his name was again?” he asked, incredulously.
“Hunchler. He goes by the name of Benji.”
“Are you sure?”
“Of course I’m sure. Why would I make up something like that?”
“Good question,” Dr. Pearson answered, apparently baffled by my response. I watched him pace out into the waiting room, scanning the area as tenaciously as I had permitted my own eyes to do a few moments ago. He then stared at me with a dumbfounded expression. “Tell me something, Corbin, have you ever spoken to this man before you came into my office today?”
“No. I didn’t even know who he was until he told me. Is he a patient of yours or not?”
Dr. Pearson used the sleeve of his lab coat to dab a layer of perspiration from his forehead. When he opened his mouth again his voice was almost as jittery as my own. “I’m not sure what’s going on, but you couldn’t have talked to that particular gentleman.”
“Then you do know him, Doctor, don’t you?”
“I…I did know him,” he returned. “I…I mean, Benjamin Hunchler was a patient of mine.”
“Was?”
The doctor shook his head pensively before revealing, “He died of throat cancer five years ago.”
“Five years ago? Then how is it possible that he was just in here?”
“It’s not.”
Dr. Pearson’s confession silenced me as if my tongue had twisted into a knot. Neither of us offered a cogent syllable for several seconds. I recalled noticing the scars on Benji’s neck, and the bloody phlegm he spat into a handkerchief. Every other detail suddenly became fuzzy in my mind as I slumped my shoulders like a man no longer capable of meting out fiction from fact. My next statement must’ve sounded incredibly despondent. “I don’t know how much more of this I can take.”
“You’re obviously undergoing an extreme level of distress right now,” he offered. “As I told you before, you can’t go through this ordeal on your own. I think your way of coping with this illness has somehow intensified these manifestations in your mind.”

“That’s a logical response,” I said. “But we’re not talking about what’s logical anymore. If we were, you’d be able to tell me why I just met a patient of yours who died five years ago.”
“You’re right. I don’t have that answer, Corbin.”
In order to sever the tension hovering between us, I randomly sang a line out of tune from my favorite song by Elvis. “We can’t go on together with suspicious minds…can we, Doctor Pearson?” The King of Rock’s doppelganger smirked at my gesture, but it wasn’t a genuine show of mirth on his behalf.
“I’ll need some more time to think about your symptoms,” he declared.
“I suppose not all things can be explained after all.” As the doctor processed my words without a rebuttal, I suspected that our discourse had no further direction to go. I required nothing else from this physician. When I motioned for the exit this time, he didn’t attempt to dissuade me. I imagined that many of his present and former patients shuffled from the premises with a similar sense of pointlessness after receiving such a grim prognosis. Certainly, Benjamin Hunchler had worn a pathway through this threshold more times than he cared to recount.
Within a few minutes I was situated behind the wheel of my Volkswagen, but the sensation of uneasiness accompanying my footsteps to the car gradually transformed into a humble tolerance. Besides, whether I wished to accept my fate or not was secondary to the circumstance. I was dying at a rapid pace, and most likely didn’t have enough time or mental acuity to accomplish my dreams. I gathered that it was quite commonplace for a man to agonize his shortcomings in moments where he pondered his own mortality. I was no different in this capacity.
With my hands latched white-knuckled on the steering wheel, I surveyed the contents of my vehicle, hoping to rediscover the lone object that delivered me to tranquil plateaus throughout my lifetime. A new black leather-bound journal still remained on the passenger’s seat. I had stuck one fountain pen in the book’s spine, but not a drop of ink yet flowed from this utensil to its intended target. My procrastination almost seemed unforgivable to me now. Instead of writing prose or poetry in moments of woe, as I had done so habitually as a boy, I had created excuses to avoid what I cherished as much as the air I breathed. I wondered how many other writers suffered in silence. Giving myself permission to fail was my first mistake. I had forecast my own futility as an artist and a man, and it pained me beyond words to consider that I hadn’t time to rectify this egregious assault upon my sensibilities.
If there was still a place where I allotted myself the freedom to explore, it existed in the confines of my imagination. In this instance, the unfettered byways of youth caused me to shiver with an unquenchable yearning. Who among us didn’t wish to be eternally young and vibrant in spirit? Had we all been afforded a chance to revisit our most innocent years, few would’ve retreated from the journey. Wouldn’t it have been grand to do so on the mere premise that we’d correct the travesties of our past? It was only in the spellbound solitude of my episodes that I rediscovered the essence of my existence. For the first time today, I succumbed to my unconsciousness without a flicker of reservation.


Chapter 58

3:22 P.M.


The course of my expedition transported me to yet another darkened habitat, but this terrain wasn’t nearly as daunting as the previous location. Fireflies flickered in patches of flowery sedge along a river that unfurled like a muddy sleeve through a meadow. The glow worms’ luminous mating calls provided me with random glimpses between the magnolias and sycamores, but most of this summer evening’s illumination derived from a moon unmarred by cloud cover. Ashen moonbeams caressed the river’s swarthy tides, stippling the currents with flecks of ghostly light. I progressed along a grassy embankment in awe of this waterway’s persuasive grip upon the landscape. Eventually, my eyes settled on a cluster of willow trees jutting from a low portion along the riverbank.
The willows’ umbrella-like branches tickled the water’s surface with their prancing arms. I nostalgically thought of my boyhood refuge at Lake Endelman. A chorus of crickets helped lure me into a phase of remembrance, where I once sat with a journal in hand and the exuberance of untainted dreams as my allies. Naturally, I felt pacified in this similar environment, and imagined that nothing could’ve disrupted my respite here. I gathered that no harm could’ve ever befallen me while encamped beneath the vigil of these emerald-armed sentinels. 
Of course, this reprieve from more essential ponderings didn’t last longer than a boy’s fantasy. Just beyond a verdant shield of the willow tree nearest to me, I noticed the edge of a canoe protruding from its intended camouflage. I then detected the plume of smoke rings rising from behind the canoe’s opposite end. The tobacco-laced air served as a signal for me to investigate these premises further.
While I considered it rather ordinary that someone other than me would’ve found solace in such wooded quarters tonight, my eyes weren’t quite prepared for who remained stealthily tucked in the underbrush. A boy, who I deemed no older than fourteen summers, squatted in the thicket behind a canoe. If not for the smoke, an amber glow emanating from his corncob pipe might’ve been mistaken for the largest lightning bug to ever flit within this sylvan backdrop. Obviously, the boy’s intentions here were of a furtive nature, and I encroached his space accordingly.
The adolescent didn’t pay much mind to my rambling movement at first. Perhaps he was too preoccupied with his surveillance of the river’s driftwood to lend an eye or ear to my observations. The moonlight proffered an advantage to those not born with nocturnal vision on this night. Even through the spliced shadows of treetops, I clearly perceived this lad’s unkempt appearance. By even a vagrant’s standards, this boy’s clothing and skin looked in dire need of a thorough cleansing.
He wore ragged denim overalls with the legs cuffed to the middle of each shin. A misshapen straw hat covered his mouse-brown hair, and I suspected he preferred the earthy scents encompassing him rather than a wash barrel of soapsuds. As he puffed away on his pipe like a connoisseur accustomed to nasty habits, I shifted through the brushwood to study him at closer range. A crackle of broken twigs beneath my shoes spoiled any chance of a surreptitious examination of his character. Upon hearing the disturbance, the boy leaped into a crouching position like a jumping frog.
The connection between this particular boy and the river behind him now seemed indivisible. After observing the splotches desecrating the front of his clothing, I resolved that I had happened upon this boy just as he was about to embark on his adventure along the mighty Mississippi’s currents. Of course, this passageway’s trek between North America’s mid-western states was synonymous with no one better than this iconic Missourian.
Huckleberry Finn most likely looked and acted like the majority of untutored boys coming to age in St. Petersburg during the South’s antebellum. Aside from the pig’s blood staining his overalls, his skin held a myriad of textures from the soil he scuttled over. But I imagine that no amount of water—perhaps not even all of it gushing from the mouth of the Ol’ Man itself—could’ve washed the boy’s spirit clean of tomfoolery. Besides, I knew he had other matters to contend with rather than adhering to routine bathing practices. From my understanding of his present circumstances, avoiding his father’s inebriated wrath registered as a far more crucial chore.
Obviously, my abrupt emergence from the line of trees startled Huck. He might’ve already presumed I had a stake in returning him to the pallor-faced Pap. As a mode of defense, he squandered little time in letting me know that he didn’t plan on being captured after elaborately faking his own death. He may have lived just shy of fourteen years, but his voice flashed with more cold energy than all the fireflies pulsating in the grasslands.
“You best get a-going back along the river, mister. Hain’t nothing here alive going to haul me back to Pap’s cabin. That’s all I’m a-saying.”
I recalled the course of Huck’s travels, and realized that he hadn’t yet taken to the river en route to Jackson Island. My unscheduled visitation surely wouldn’t have delayed him by more than three minutes. If I expected to make any headway with this rascal, then I first needed to prove that my allegiance belonged to him more so than his abusive father.
“You don’t have to worry about me,” I told the boy. “I don’t even know Pap, and I’m not in the mood for chasing after kids in your predicament.”
Huck scratched the side of his torso as a hoard of mosquitoes snacked frenziedly on his exposed flesh. Based on my attire alone, he was wise to the fact that I had indeed ventured far from my own home. “I reckon you is lost,” he said.
“It’s that obvious, huh?”
“On account of your funny talking and getup, I’m a-thinking that you never drifted down this far south before.”
“I guess there’s no fooling you, Huck,” I declared, realizing too late that I stated the boy’s name before he introduced himself.
“You knowed me by name,” said Huck. His tone became increasingly cautious as he continued. “If you warn’t on a lookout for me, then who blabbed to you where I was a-hiding?”
Fortunately, I was able to pitch a credible response to explain my foresight. “The folks back in town haven’t stopped calling for you since you turned up missing. I just assumed that you might be the same boy everyone is searching for.”
“For all they knows I got myself killed by robbers and throwed out by a slough or creek. I’m a-guessing that will put them off my scent for a spell.”
Huck already expected that Pap was oaring down the river between the driftwood to reclaim what he presumed was the corpse of his child. He refused to take his eyes off the water for too long a period. “I could help you launch that canoe in the water if you like,” I said, hoping that he’d view my proposal as a genuine favor between strangers.
“You have no cause to help me none, mister.”
“No reason why newly acquainted folks can’t be hospitable, right?”
The boy humored me by almost producing a gap-toothed grin, but his wide eyes eventually found their way to the sky, where a bright moon balanced over our shoulders like a wagon wheel of cheese. “The moon is good for a-lotta reasons on most nights,” he debated, “but that kind of shine on the water will get a fella catched in a hurry. I’ll be paddling down current by and by, but I hain’t fixing to leave just yet.”
Huck’s reservation was understandable, and I couldn’t fault him for keeping a safe distance from anyone older than his good friend Tom Sawyer. It was to my advantage that I had acquired some knowledge of his forthcoming journey, and I wished to investigate the significance of his plight in comparison to my own. I continued to observe the boy as he focused his attention on the river’s currents. He cupped his hand to one ear and tilted his head over the embankment, apparently to listen to whatever might’ve been floating our way. In this case, I gathered that the oars shifting in the locks of Pap’s boat was an unwelcome signal. Huck had already figured out that the drunkard would’ve scouted the river until a corpse was found. This delay granted me a little extra time for interaction.
“Once you get to Jackson Island,” I asked, “do you have any plans?”
By now, Huck had repositioned himself along the river’s banks to reclaim his pipe that he mistakenly dropped in a wet patch of soil moments ago. I noticed that the boy’s bare feet were almost as black as the ground he stood on.
“It dasn’t rightly matter,” he replied. “Grown ups is always a-aiming to rig things. I reckon it’s best to stop scrabbling for a plan. The river has a good enough one of its own a-stirring anyhow.”
Huck’s eyes sparkled in the moonlight as he trained his glance on the massive expanse of water awaiting him. It seemed as though he was viewing its mighty swath for the first time. I intrinsically understood his plight, and the humbling reality of permitting the flow of life to move me like a river. As an adult I had erroneously believed that I had the skill to alter my natural direction, but this boy enabled me to recognize that thrashing against the course of a river produced the same lackluster results as grasping for the ebbing glory of youth. I wondered if Huck determined the significance of his expedition even before it began.
“It looks like you have a long journey ahead of you, Huck, so I was wondering where you’ll go after you’re free from your father?”
Predictably, this question caused the boy to crinkle his nose as if a large beetle just crawled up his nostril. “You sure dos ask a heap of questions, mister. If I didn’t knowed any better, I’d says you were looking to hold me for a ransom.”
“That’s not my intention. I’m just a lost teacher passing through town. Once you get your canoe on the water and head down the river, I’m sure we’ll never see each other again.”
“Honest injun?”
“I’m pretty sure. It’s not as easy to get back here as you might think.”
Huck took a moment to satisfy another itch settling behind his ear before commenting on my words. “You says you’s a teacher, ain’t that right?” I nodded my chin, which didn’t persuade the boy to change his curdled expression. “I hain’t had much time with your kind, and I’m a-trying to keep it so.”
“Why do you want to avoid teachers?”
“On account of you a-being one, your ears might take offense to what I gots to say.”
“Try me anyway.”
“Well, the way I sees it, you folks are a-looking to sivilize kids like me. I can’t find much good in any of it no how.”
I was not startled by Huck’s opinion of education, but decided to entertain his line of reasoning. “So you don’t see yourself ever going to school?”
“Not like other folks thinks I should,” answered Huck. “That widow Douglas and Miss Watson is always a-pecking at me to learn to read and whatnot, but I’d rather do it by and by than cling to their nagging habits.”
I couldn’t argue with Huck’s notion that the lessons he’d soon encounter didn’t exist in any schoolbook from his time. Even while compromised by illiteracy, this boy recognized hypocrisy among those who praised themselves as civilized beings. In Huck’s world, the river was perhaps the most honest and direct passageway to freedom. My forthcoming confession must’ve sounded bizarre to the boy’s way of thinking.
“You know, Huck, I once believed that I could help a boy like you see things as they were taught to me. Most of the kids surrender to society’s expectations, but a few of the lucky ones make it to the river. When I was a boy around your age, I wandered as far as the water’s edge. But I never gathered the nerve to let the currents take me away. I kept my feet on dry soil. I suppose a civilized man never gets his toes too wet.”
“If you’re a-fetching for a change, mister, this here river has enough space left over after I gets on it. Ain’t nothing a-stopping you from clumbing aboard my canoe, neither. I’m a-going as least as far as Jackson Island.”
I acknowledged Huck’s offer as a kind one, but also understood that this particular adventure didn’t have room for me. “It’s best for me to discover my own course,” I said. “Maybe I’ll be lucky to find the right direction one day.”
Something akin to compassion simmered in the boy’s freckled countenance, but he rubbed it away as if it was nothing more permanent than another itch. “I reckon being a teacher ain’t so evil as most things anyhow,” he muttered. “And if it warn’t for folks like you, people would just keep mostly unliterated. Pap says all that reading is the devil’s business, but I thinks he’s just a-trying to hide. If I ever learns to read real good, I won’t bend the meaning of words. I reckon that those high-headed folks who do so hain’t half as sivilized as they feel.”
I watched Huck push his canoe out from the coverage of willow branches and spring inside it with the agility of a critter born to such aquatic rituals. Rather than sit upright, he decided to lie down in the canoe’s bottom, still figuring that people were scouring the river for any trace of him. Before another word passed between us, my attention was drawn to a marvelous event in the sky. The burning tail of a meteorite arched across the violet-hued firmament. Huck and almost everyone else his age referred to such celestial occurrences as shooting stars.
“Making a wish on that should steer off any bad luck,” Huck uttered to me.
“It looks as bright as Halley’s Comet,” I remarked with a grin.
“Shucks, hain’t so bright,” commented Huck. “I’s pretty sure that there comet only comes ’round once every seventy-five years or so anyhow.”
“Well, how can you be sure when it was last seen?”
“On account that Mr. Mark Twain was born when it last came into sight. He ain’t so old as that just yet, or that’s what he’s a-saying. Mr. Twain dasn’t fib, mainly, and he’s a-telling folks it’s a-coming by and by or somewhere next to there.”
In another moment the arching line of fire faded behind the moon’s bold claim over the atmosphere. Perhaps I should’ve viewed the brevity of this sighting as a message from Huck’s creator. He might’ve been uncomfortable with my influence on the boy’s future endeavors. But the positions had flip-flopped in terms of who served as the mentor and student in this exchange. In my mind, Huckleberry Finn showed me that the pathway to liberty rarely unfolded on trails forged by other footsteps.
Of course, other intrepid travelers had navigated the watery byways between the banks of the Mississippi, yet little evidence of their progress marked the motion of the water’s currents on this night. I left Huck hunkered in his canoe beside the willow trees, hoping to do more than merely wallow in the turbulence yet to come. I learned that those who truly wished to impact others must first recognize the autonomy of childhood.
What dreams had I already abandoned beside Lake Endelman’s wooded periphery? I wanted nothing more than to return to this tranquility and rekindle the words still latched within my mind. But time was now my primary nemesis, and the hands that once seemed so plentiful now ticked with the vagueness of a stilted heartbeat. Unlike Huckleberry Finn, I imagined that I’d never sit beneath the shade of a willow tree again. In these seconds, I sensed my thoughts churning in the flux of water, carving its everlasting imprint into the muddied depths of my imagination.


Chapter 59

3:25 P.M.


A delicate rhythm of raindrops falling upon my car’s windshield soothed me into consciousness again. As had been forecasted all day, the sun flirted with unveiling its wisps of warmth, but storm clouds accumulated overhead as dense as an iron headdress. As a result, just teasing glimpses of spring’s return spliced through the pewter screen, hardly sufficient to thaw the chill encompassing me. Despite Dr. Pearson’s ambiguity in terms of how much longer I’d survive, I already convinced myself that I couldn’t succumb to death’s grip until all the calamities in my world were confronted.
Yet with the knowledge of an incurable ailment at least temporarily lodged in the back of my thoughts, I began to brood over the assignments still awaiting me. After the blurriness in my eyes cleared, I frantically scanned the contents of my vehicle. The object I searched for wasn’t my car’s key; its chain already dangled in the steering column’s ignition. Then I saw that my journal was situated in perfect view on the passenger’s seat beside me. Its blank pages beckoned me like a searchlight signaling to a wayward vessel. Soon, I thought, I’d unshackle myself from the dreadful ruminations that rendered this creative paralysis. Only then could I commit myself to the craft that once defined me.
Before I became too pacified by this notion, my attention shifted to the car’s glove compartment. For reasons I didn’t yet presume to comprehend, I believed the gun I stashed there earlier still served a purpose for me today. Was it for goodness or grim tidings? In truth, I couldn’t be certain. But an untapped energy coursed through my extremities, causing me to quiver at the prospect of either scenario. Because of the contentious matters brewing in my personal life, it seemed reflexive that I’d be eager to return to my wife and settle our dispute face-to-face. With her affair already confessed, I felt the upper hand now belonged to me. But before I tackled this issue at home, two other stops were necessary.
My first detour was a point of obligation toward Mitch Dalton. In light of my bleak prognosis, it would’ve been far too convenient of me to shun our scheduled meeting. I, however, recognized that Mitch depended on me. If he sought to change his life in a positive manner, then I at least owed it to him to lend my meager talents to the endeavor. Besides, how many more opportunities would I have to profoundly impact the course of another young man’s life?
The second intended pit stop was far less altruistic in nature. Leon Chase may have enjoyed quenching my wife’s parched palate for money with a satchel full of promissory notes, but I couldn’t permit him to conclude that I was oblivious to their indiscretions. While driving back toward Ravendale High School, my thoughts focused on Leon’s ploy for my wife’s affections. He knew her vulnerabilities just as well as I discouraged them. I wanted him to know that every clandestine kiss came with a price tag, be it in the monetary form or otherwise. I also wondered if my friend was truly prepared to abandon his wife and child for a married woman, who had no more regard for her vows than he did his own. Stranger events had torn couples asunder in the past, but I needed to hear the words slip from Leon’s perverted mouth prior to launching my retaliation. One point was irrefutable: Leon’s leverage over me had at last come to a close.
A dearth of traffic enabled me to drive back to the high school’s parking lot within ten minutes. I expected that most of the afternoon buses and cars had already departed the premises, but this was not the case today. Before I shut off my car’s engine, I noticed a tumult near the school’s front walkway. A throng of jittery students gathered in huddled masses across a grassy courtyard, and only a few seconds passed before a peal of sirens severed the comfort of routine. I recognized that such disharmony rarely signaled anything other than dire straits. In this instance, as I stepped closer toward the epicenter of pending chaos, I studied the students’ anxious and confused faces. Some of them trembled visibly in the drizzle of rain, while others stood numb with no detectable emotion.
Several faculty members and security officers weaved between the students, seemingly to push them farther away from whatever event spawned their curiosity. The majority of kids had cell phones pressed against their ears, chattering frantically to anyone who cared to dissect their prattle. I refrained from any speculation until observing the details firsthand. This, of course, was no simple task considering the amount of people blocking my path. The emergence of an ambulance and at least three police cruisers verified the mayhem at large. Despite my own trepidation, I became more aggressive as I angled through the crowd. Six or seven police officers had effectively thwarted our efforts to get nearer than fifty feet from an area strung with yellow crime scene tape.
“Stay back!” one frazzled officer bellowed through a megaphone. “You need to give us more room.” Those who managed to maintain an aura of sensibility complied with the officer’s instructions, but fear was often a natural inhibitor of common sense. The squad cars’ emergency flashers subconsciously lured forth many in the crowd, almost like frightened deer mesmerized by a strobe of light. After I was certain that I wouldn’t be able to sneak my way beyond the police barricade, I shifted toward a grouping of science and history teachers who looked as discombobulated as the students. They surveyed the scene with a shiftless paranoia. Miss Dixon was among them, weeping inconsolably at the unfolding peril. This gregarious woman’s personality was no longer apparent. She had transformed into a trembling ghost, unable to contain her grief.
Only the worst circumstances caused such emotions to flourish from those accustomed to demonstrating leadership. Yet it was grossly evident that those normally in charge in preserving the students’ false sense of security were equally unprepared for what occurred on this campus. A fissure in the crowd permitted me to steal a glimpse of the grim business at hand. I observed several medics kneeling in front of what appeared to be a motionless body. Panic overwhelmed their forlorn faces. They stared at one another with the futile strains of failure consuming their expressions. A puddle of claret liquid mixed disagreeably with the rainwater on a concrete surface. I watched this patch of blood fan out in offshoots over the sidewalk like the tentacles of a dying octopus.
My heartbeat quickened as I stumbled deeper into the horde of onlookers. Something unthinkable had happened in my absence. Without lending further thought to the matter, I grabbed the sleeve of the nearest person. A freckle-faced boy swung nervously toward me. His eyes were as wide and wild as whirlpools as he stared at me.
“What’s going on?” I asked him.
The boy stammered at first, but managed to tell me. “S…someone got stabbed.”
“Stabbed?” I repeated while craning my neck to inspect any additional details. My voice then became more insistent. “Who? Who got stabbed?”
The kid shrugged his shoulders, and glanced to where all eyes now focused. “I don’t know,” he remarked. “It’s some kid who goes to this school though.” Without thanking the boy, I released his shirt and pivoted my gaze to another portion in the crowd. I then noticed Principal Lemus hunched despondently against the rear end of a police car. Two plain-clothed detectives stood on either side of him, jotting notes into pads of paper as he spoke. For the first time since knowing this acerbic S.O.B., I almost felt genuine pity for him.
Whether it was proper of me to do so or not, I forced myself between the shoulders and backsides of those impeding my progress. Perhaps I rightly offended or annoyed these people with my abruptness, but I didn’t stop long enough to apologize. Ultimately, I elbowed my way as close to the police tape as the guarding officers permitted. This vantage point provided me a partial view of the paramedics performing CPR on the lifeless student. I didn’t yet know the victim’s identity. To the left of this carnage, by another patrol car parked half way up the curbside, I witnessed two other students being ushered away by several policemen.
My mouth must’ve dropped open as I set my eyes upon one of the culprits of this appalling deed. Aaron Mann stood beside the officers in handcuffs. A dark stain soaked the front of his shirt, desecrating the emblem of the U.S. Marines. His visage was shockingly blank, but almost dignified at the same time. Nothing in the form of perplexity or anger disrupted his remorseless expression. And next to Aaron, already restrained and seated inside the back of the police car, I saw the equally stoic face of Harold Wagner.
The situation suddenly became sickeningly clear to me. I then witnessed a detective displaying a plastic bag to another investigator. The apparent weapon of malice was contained within it. It appeared to be an eight-inch KA-BAR utility knife, standard USMC issue. It was less than deductive on my part to presume that the blood-spattered blade belonged to Aaron Mann. Based on the evidence set before my eyes, it seemed more than likely that he also wielded it for its designed function.
After I shifted my gaze back to the student lying prone on the walkway, the medics had already pulled a white sheet over the mortally wounded student’s body. They no longer shuffled among themselves with any measure of urgency; the boy on the ground was obviously dead. Within a few minutes, they secured the body on a stretcher and wheeled it toward an awaiting ambulance. Even though I already determined that the student’s injury was lethal, I kept studying the sheet covering him, hoping that it would’ve fluttered with a delayed sign of life. But the material remained as still as the waters of Lake Endelman on a windless night. Judging by the amount of blood pooled on the ground, I conceded that nothing born to breathe could’ve survived such a savage assault.
The medics had done an adequate job keeping the victim’s identity concealed from watchful spectators and inquisitive reporters. As I turned to search for this answer, I experienced an eerie inclination. I knew who was murdered. It could’ve only been one possible person. If I had any doubts to the contrary, Miss Dixon had managed to shove her way through the crowd to get next to me. Her voice quavered as she relayed what she knew of this horror.
“It’s Drew Mincer,” she sobbed. “They stabbed him in the chest.”
“They?”
Miss Dixon projected a teary-eyed stare toward the police car holding Aaron and Harold. “They did it,” she cried, while motioning at them with her extended finger. “They must’ve planned the whole thing.”
Upon hearing this, I swerved my head around to inspect the faces of those who assembled in the midst of this bloodshed. A few of the students wept, but these tears struck me as obligatory rather than authentic. Most of those on hand, however, weren’t crying like Miss Dixon. Perhaps Drew’s classmates felt a certain degree of justification in such a slaughter. I expected to observe a good portion of them feigning some level of bereavement, but their somberness had not yet altered into hysteria. One student in particular seemed remarkably poised. Regan Cordell’s eyeliner hadn’t even smudged. The girl watched the scene unfurl with less emotion than she might’ve extended to a theatrical performance. I wondered how many others among us felt no commitment to mourn a dead boy who was reviled by almost everyone who knew him.
My thoughts reverted to Aaron Mann. I never pictured him being a likely assailant. Yet I couldn’t see anyone standing around the area spewing disapproval at his methods. If anything, I suspected that the majority of these kids wanted to cheer Aaron for his brazen bid for justice. Admittedly, I had my own muddled emotions on the turn of events. I also deemed Aaron as a likeable—if slightly edgy—young man. I couldn’t extend the same praise or compassion toward Drew Mincer.
Miss Dixon’s soft utterance brought my attention back to her. “We could’ve stopped this,” she sobbed in my ear. “Harold and Stanley must’ve wanted that boy dead.” I glanced back toward the police cruiser again; I still only noticed Aaron and Harold in police custody.
“Where’s Stanley now, Hannah? Was he arrested too?”
“He’s not here,” Miss Dixon answered. “I’m not sure where he is. But we saw Harold’s cell phone. I know he’s also involved.”
“Maybe we shouldn’t condemn the boy without knowing all the facts,” I suggested. “I’m sure the police will sort things out.”
“I feel so guilty, Corbin. I could’ve prevented this from happening.”
“Stop blaming yourself,” I demanded. “We can’t monitor all the actions of these kids any better than their parents. It’s beyond our control.”
Miss Dixon hadn’t yet reached the jaded portion of her career; she still believed that if a man donned a red cape and tights, he’d be able to suspend himself in flight, too. But as life often reminded us, superheroes rarely emerged outside the ink and pulp fiction of comic books.
“I…I don’t know if I can do this job effectively any longer,” Miss Dixon wept. “Teaching just isn’t what I thought it would be.”
“Nothing ever is,” I muttered solemnly. Miss Dixon leaned slightly toward my shoulder, perhaps subconsciously maneuvering for a hug. She might’ve required the embrace of an authoritative man to make her feel safe again. But I was not such a man for this task. I had next to nothing hopeful to convey. Rather than permit my negativity to upset her further, I darted away from the callow-hearted woman in search of a more cynical voice.
I managed to reclaim a position at the back of the crowd, intentionally detaching myself from the nightmarish scene for at least a few minutes. While I leaned resignedly against a white birch tree, one familiar informant weaved between the people to locate me. The custodian’s face looked as if it was powdered with crushed limestone, and a lifelessness dangled in his pupils like two black seeds. Had I not known any differently, I would’ve surmised that a steel blade plunged into his thorax as well. He carried neither a bucket nor broom with him on this outing, giving the impression that his duties did not include sopping up the spillage of a fresh murder.
Even before he spoke, I sensed that this man had acquired information that would’ve shamed the most scrupulous detectives on hand. Oddly, the custodian’s first words to me had only a secondary connection to the incident that everyone else buzzed about like bees in a rattled hive.
“Your student, Mitch Dalton, wanted me to tell you that due to the inconvenient turn of events, he’s willing to postpone the extra help you promised him until tomorrow.” I realized that the custodian flipped no phrase without a precise selection in words. But I found his assortment in this instance rather insensitive.
“Inconvenient? I repeated the word that most troubled me. “Is that how you describe a student’s murder on school property?”
The custodian shambled closer to me, disregarding his own voice’s sonorous pitch as he addressed my concern. “Do you have a different perspective?”
“Well, I don’t view anyone’s untimely death as a nuisance.”
“Really? Say, for example, that you were driving on a highway during rush hour and someone crashed his car and died on the road. Such an accident might stall traffic for hours on end. Would it be a stretch to suggest that you’d be annoyed if you got stuck in this backup for four or five hours? Or would your prayers and tolerance be granted to the unfortunate victim?”
“Look, a young man is dead,” I reminded the suddenly callous man. “Whether I liked him or not doesn’t matter anymore. Every person’s death should be respected.”
“Ah, yes,” the custodian chimed. “John Donne certainly knew how every man’s death caused the diminishment of another, am I right?”
“What do you want from me now?” I asked plainly.
“When the bell stops tolling in your mind, Cobbs, take a gander at the people in this crowd today. Study them closely. There are enough crocodile tears falling here to flood a swampland. But I have an eerie inkling that their hankies won’t be moist long after the sirens fade to silence. Never send to know for whom the deceivers grieve for; they grieve for thee. Isn’t that the way it really works?”
As much as I wanted to discourage the custodian’s pessimism, I couldn’t sincerely censure him on restructuring Donne’s poem. Perhaps I debated the matter to simply pacify my own guilt. Either way, the custodian didn’t search me out among the others to serve up any mirth on a spotless platter. If anything, he dished out chunks of cold reality for anyone willing to ingest it.
The custodian then cast what might’ve been deemed as a sorrowful stare toward the police car, where Aaron Mann awaited his fate. “I suppose everyone gets a shot at being a hero at least once in a lifetime,” he said with an unwavering resolution.
“I don’t think any heroics were involved,” I countered.
“Well, don’t tell that to Aaron. You’d extinguish his shining moment in the sun. The Marine Corps might’ve filed that boy’s dream in the dumpster by denying him entry, but that setback didn’t change his heart. One way or another, that kid was gonna puff out his chest and make it presentable for a medal. In retrospect, I don’t think anyone will deny what he accomplished here this afternoon.”
“You really think Aaron will gain popularity because he killed another boy?”
“Oh, stop being so righteous, will you? We both know that Drew Mincer wasn’t just an ordinary kid going about his day before he ended up on the business end of a KA-BAR. You can play the role of a humanitarian if it makes you feel better, Cobbs, but once you put two feet back on the ground, unlike most of the phonies floating around this place, you’ll see justice as it really is. If we’re speaking in honest terms, I think most of these kids will skip the midnight vigil. They’ll soon recognize Drew’s death as more of a blessing than a curse. He was an abusive villain, and it was only a matter of time and opportunity that he got his comeuppance.”
“I think you’re forgetting something very important,” I pointed out. “As far we know, Drew never murdered anyone.”
The custodian frowned at my observation before saying, “There’s plenty of ways to kill a person without stopping his heart. You ought to know that much by now.”
“I still don’t think anyone’s death is a cause for celebration.”
“Not a flagrant one, anyway. Society would never stand for that sort of bravado. After all, it’s our unwritten duty to conjure up pleasantries when speaking of the dead. I’m just trying to figure out who’s gonna give the eulogy at Drew’s funeral. Care to volunteer?”
I now looked at the custodian in a way I never had done before. Until this moment I perceived him as merely a meddlesome spirit, albeit with an intellect uncommon to his trade. But now I espied something else in his conduct, something that overshadowed his eavesdropping tendencies. I likened this trait to a sort of veiled malevolence. Even his green eyes seemed to darken like wet algae. He showed a fallibility in his capacity to forgive, and this perturbed me. And yet I still couldn’t simply ignore his observations. In fact, his level of nefariousness suddenly intrigued me like no other facet of his personality. I permitted myself to absorb his forthcoming words if only for the purpose to investigate the thoughts that few others would’ve willingly stated aloud.
“I suppose a small plaque with your name on it should be posted on a wall somewhere in the corner of this high school,” he resumed casually. I was somewhat puzzled by the custodian’s seemingly random thought, but I should’ve realized that he didn’t speak without import.
“I don’t know what your point is,” I returned, “and I don’t really want to find out.”
“Well, surely you can’t disqualify yourself from at least receiving some of the credit for this whole ordeal.”
“Credit?” I gasped. “Are you completely insane? I had nothing to do with what happened here.”
The custodian grinned mockingly at me and said, “Oh, come on. There you are being modest again. Don’t worry, Cobbs, you needn’t play that self-effacing game with me. You’ve had yourself quite a miserable day on all sides of things. Who could say otherwise? No one is gonna fault you for taking a smidgeon of gratitude for this achievement.”
As I stood upright from the tree, my expression must’ve contorted with rage at the deliverance of such an accusation. “Listen,” I said obdurately. “You’re not understanding me. I would’ve never wished for something like this to happen to any student—ever.”
“Let me put this into perspective for you,” the custodian persisted. “Without your assistance—whether intentional or otherwise—Aaron Mann might’ve never gotten a chance to carve out a known cancer from the innards of this school.”
“You’re still not hearing me. Look, Drew might’ve made a lot of enemies around this campus, and he certainly didn’t have my sympathy during his reign. But I still did everything within my legal power to prevent a tragedy like the one we’re faced with now. Maybe Drew just needed to grow up before he realized the damage he’s done to other people. I can’t say for sure, but we’ll never really know now.”
The custodian grinned at my idealistic viewpoint. The darkness didn’t fade from his eyes as he proceeded with his own theory on my intentions. “Take a few minutes to retrace your footsteps,” he advised me. “Once you do that, maybe you’ll see the truth staring you in the face.”
“Why do you think I’m responsible for Drew’s death?”
“Keep searching. Or are you hoping for the easy path out?”
“I’m just trying to figure out how warped your mind really is.”
“Well, you’re not going to make any headway by reassigning blame. But I will tell you that there’s still plenty of work yet to be done. You may not know it now, Cobbs, but the vital choices of this day still await you.”
Even while standing in the midst of a swarm of spectators, I wanted to shriek in anger at his allegation. I couldn’t accept his presumptuous mannerisms any longer. “I can’t be a part of this anymore,” I insisted. “I don’t care what you think you know about me—you’re wrong. I’ve got to get out of here now….”
The custodian watched as I dashed away from the tree. My hasty motion caused others to notice me, but I ignored them all. When I looked back over my shoulder, the custodian still followed me, shifting effortlessly through the crowd as if we were attached by an umbilical cord. “Keep away,” I exclaimed without breaking stride. “Go and find someone else to bother. I don’t want you around me ever again.”
“We both know it’s far too late for that,” the custodian responded.
I had always been a passive man, rarely prone to acts of premeditated violence. But for reasons I couldn’t yet verbalize, an insatiable urge to pummel this custodian’s face almost overwhelmed me. Of course, I couldn’t permit his delusional antics to corrupt me. Without turning back to monitor his pursuit, I bolted farther ahead of him. A sudden surge in adrenaline caused my heartbeat to race faster than my footsteps. If I succumbed to another episode now, and all indicators suggested this inevitability, then I’d surely be exposed as a troubled man. I managed to reach the far end of the school’s front lawn before my vertigo deposited me headlong onto the wet grass.
There wasn’t any time for embarrassment on my part. The gray-plated sky had already darkened in my eyes. The next phase of my journey lunged upon me like a ravenous tiger onto prey.


Chapter 60

3:47 P.M.


The landscape I emerged upon was never intended for fainthearted explorers. This was a realm that appeared virtually unscathed by civilization’s design. I now crossed a jungle’s terrain that teemed with scents and sounds nameless to all but the most courageous of adventurers. Only an ill-advised daredevil would’ve volunteered to pick and claw his was through such an exotic thicket. I suspected that the secrets of Earth’s taboo remedies existed within this flora, but who was brave enough to pluck it from Nature’s frugal clutches? This was a feral region where men and animals alike perished in anonymity beneath a boiling sun.
Despite the prevalent dangers masked within this backdrop, only an arrogant fool would’ve suspended a safari to admire his progress. Without an internal compass to impel me in one direction, I strode in a random pattern until the red soil softened beneath my shoes. Ahead of me, from my vantage point atop a bluff, I surveyed a column of cinnamon-colored water carving through the jungle’s steamy entrails. From afar, this passageway looked as if it uncoiled like an awakening python, but at closer range I detected its undercurrent’s ferocity. Whatever life existed here did so in large part because of this churning artery. Likewise, wherever my destiny lied within this habitat could’ve only been discovered by an accumulation of footsteps beside this river.
The heat smothered this tropical forest like an oppressive gas, causing vapors to rise off the surrounding vegetation as if it was slowly being seared. Although I remained immune to the sun’s blistering assault, I imagined that nothing foreign to this environment could’ve survived very long without camouflage. But while incubated by a sheath of dreamscape, I managed a dexterous jaunt through the heart of this savage wilderness.
Within a few hundred feet of progress, it seemed as though a funnel of wind had split the emerald canopy asunder. The narrow ledge of marshy land I walked upon opened to a clearing. A shortage of trees in this space was not a natural occurrence, but rather an obvious sign of man’s invasive encroachment on the backdrop. The coppice was meticulously hacked away with machetes or other tools tempered for such destruction. I assumed that the entailed labor to create such a blighted area was too much work for a sole inhabitant. But I observed only one other individual poised at the center of this scene.
The man I now stared at appeared as an anomaly to these surroundings. I even paused to rub the dappled sunlight from my eyes, hoping to erase a potential mirage. But no amount of resistance dissolved the figure from my line of sight. He approached me in a patchwork of motley-colored clothing. The skittish manner in which he walked made him look like a lost clown abandoned by an equally misguided circus. As he observed my presence, the brightly attired buffoon maneuvered toward me while standing akimbo. I sensed nothing malicious in his temperament, but he seemed animated by a much younger man’s energy.
Although I didn’t initially perceive him as a physical threat, the fact that this man existed in such a perilous environment gave me pause. After lending deeper concentration to the rainbow-colored patches stitched to his clothing, I determined that this jester was most likely a sort of outcast from a village close by.
The man’s accent sounded Ukrainian when he spoke. “You there,” he bellowed, despite the mere fifteen feet that separated us. “Where’s your crew?” He then glanced at the river stretching out beside a sloped wedge of earth we balanced upon. Apparently, others before me who navigated this far into the jungle’s interior had required the assistance of watercrafts. In truth, after studying the entwined underbrush, I imagined this waterway served as the only feasible route upstream.
“I don’t have any men with me,” I announced. To the harlequin’s ears, I must’ve sounded like a thief who had embarked upon a poorly devised ambush. He, of course, wasn’t patrolling this terrain to simply endure an African sun’s scorching rays. I presumed he had assigned himself the duty to protect what I now alleged to be the Inner Station’s perimeter. More importantly, his cult-like allegiance already belonged to another man who resided in a mud-plastered hut within a compound overlooking the Congo River.
“You’re a trader of ivory, is that right?” he asked, demandingly.
“No, sir. I haven’t any business ventures here.”
“Be honest with me,” he grinned impishly. I imagined that no clown, even one guised in full pancake makeup, ever looked so innocuous and menacing in the same instance as this joker. “You’ve come to filch what you can from my manager, haven’t you?”
If I even hinted to the affirmative in regard to this accusation, the harlequin would’ve made short work of my impromptu exploration. I soon realized, of course, that this clown’s insight, as amusing as it might’ve been, was not my primary intent. The success of this outing depended upon my ability to converse with this jungle’s most enigmatic character. In order to accomplish this goal, I first needed to secure my current confronter’s trust.
“I don’t deal in the commodities of this terrain,” I assured him.
“Why else would you risk your life by coming here alone?”
The only response that seemed remotely plausible was what I deemed as the truth, and so I forwarded it to this sycophant with a note of reserved confidence. “I’ve only come to talk to the man in charge of the Inner Station. Is he still here?”
The jester’s eyes widened into bloodshot ovals before he decried, “Where else would he be if not at his home?” After studying the sincerity beaming from this Russian’s face, I presumed that my arrival preceded the pursuit of Charles Marlow and his band of pilgrims.
“If Mr. Kurtz is here,” I resumed, “then I would like permission to see him.”
The harlequin chuckled at my naïve request. “No one sees Mr. Kurtz,” he tittered. “Not more than once anyway.”
“Once is all I’ll need.” I gathered that it was essential for me to feign my idolatry toward the clown’s leader so that he’d grant me clearance into the station.
“Do you understand what you’re asking for?” he inquired more intently. “If Mr. Kurtz even suspects for a second that you’re in quest for his ivory, he’ll have you slaughtered in a most horrible and unceremonious fashion.”
“I’m aware of that risk,” I returned. “But I’m told I can learn much from merely listening to this man. That is my only objective.”
“Yes,” the harlequin gushed, “listen to his words as you might savor fine poetry. He will expand your mind, and teach you to embrace all that you once feared.”
“If that should be the case, then I’ll eagerly anticipate his company.”
“Don’t expect the same hospitality in return, sir. Mr. Kurtz finds more use for dead men than he does when they’re alive.”
I may have claimed to be impervious to the perils of this habitat, but I didn’t yet know how Kurtz’s observations would’ve impacted my sensibilities. The clown suddenly appeared especially keen on directing me to his manager’s abode. He then pointed to a higher ridge beyond the coverage of dark green vegetation. From my current position, I discerned a muddy wall escalating from the jungle’s floor. Three windows of unequal size hinted to what awaited me behind this manmade façade. The inherent danger of my mission now seemed predestined.
Nevertheless, with the harlequin serving as my guide into a realm where few men escaped unscathed, I followed him through the underbrush. My chance to potentially interact with Mr. Kurtz fascinated me as much as he mesmerized his subservient followers. Before I changed my mind, a sickly odor of rotting flesh streamed into my nostrils. The fetid scent was as dense as this climate’s humidity. It almost caused me to retch. My flamboyantly garbed escort, however, seemed acclimated to the putrid fumes engulfing us. By now, both of us realized where this rancidness originated.
As we navigated a narrower pathway that ultimately unwound into the Inner Station, I witnessed the first row of stakes desecrating the infamous perimeter. The extent of Kurtz’s madness was never more evident upon witnessing this ghastly scene. For as far as my eyes penetrated the bush, I counted literally hundreds of wooden poles thrust upright into the sandy earth. The staffs themselves provided no great relevance, but what they impaled caused me to shiver with incalculable dismay. Blackened human heads, no doubt blistered and shrunken by the sun’s merciless rays, were on display like withered balloons in a carnival for the truly depraved. The insects of this domain had not ignored this repast of dead flesh still clinging to some of the skulls; centipedes, ants, and flies mantled these globs of oozing gore.
The trail of decay only intensified as we progressed farther into the village. No one alive was yet visible other than the clown, but I knew that hundreds of native eyes watched me with sharpened pikestaffs at the ready. Then, my host pointed one finger toward a hut where the demented chief of this post presided over his cannibalistic cult. From this point, I walked ahead alone. The clown had already retreated to the thicket before I demonstrated the courtesy to thank him. Regardless of my reservations, it was impractical for me to change direction now. I then walked through a hut’s primitive aperture, where I surveyed the shape of a lone figure in shadow. He didn’t emerge into the sunlight knifing through the windows, but instead remained hunkered in the darkness atop what I presumed to be a stretcher. Despite his obvious state of illness, he motioned for me to step farther into his domain.
Kurtz’s blanch skin shone through the blackness enveloping his frame. I couldn’t detect a single strand of hair on his exposed flesh; his head looked as if he was lacquered in rancid milk. This inscrutable leader now resembled the skeletal remains of a ravaged martyr rather than a worshipped demigod. Yet, as feeble as Kurtz’s façade presently appeared, I knew he brandished the luxury to slay any opponent with the utterance of a single command. As I lurched closer to him, my attention drifted to other distractions within his quarters. Stacks of pouched ivory consumed most of the floor space. Had I not known differently, I would’ve assumed that I stumbled upon an elephant graveyard. A smell of human decomposition lingered on all sides of me, but I had already committed too many footsteps to retreat from his company now.
At closer range, despite the intensity of his eyes, I couldn’t fathom how such a sickly man managed to wield total supremacy over his followers. He remained supine on the stretcher with both hands settled on his lap as if he had a keyboard balanced beneath his fingertips. Then, in an unusual display of theatrics, he manipulated his fingers as if playing cords on an imaginary piano. I’m certain a melodic song chimed inside his head, but I distinguished nothing but green flies buzzing around us in a macabre dance of death.
As I expected, the manager didn’t let his words soar from his tongue in purposeless flight. While studying his eyes, which seemed colorless from the pupil to iris, I sensed him contemplating my demise. Beyond this moment, if I ever imagined the form of evil at its most cunning and curious, Kurtz’s visage would’ve certainly dominated my thoughts. After concluding his silent ensemble, Kurtz lowered his hands and enlaced his fingers. The man’s clothing appeared yellowed and oversized, underscoring his rapid emaciation. I didn’t know whether to feel pity or hatred toward him in these seconds. In another unexpected demonstration of his faculties, Kurtz parted his lips and spoke in a sonorous voice that belied his infirmity.
“You are an Englishman,” he discerned. His bleached eyes still followed me like a hyena scavenging for prey. “What is your name?”
I responded to his question with no pretense, but sheer nervousness caused me to stammer over the syllables of my name as if I pronounced it for the first time. Kurtz’s pretzel-thin fingers twitched slightly, but he kept them enlaced. “I want you to answer everything I ask candidly,” he then told me. After I nodded in agreement, he continued. “It is my understanding that I’ve created quite a commotion at this post. It seems inevitable that contracts have been levied to remove me from this station.”
Kurtz paused to gauge my reaction. I now felt like a wingless bird ensnared in the silken entrails of a tarantula’s burrow. Perhaps Kurtz had an uncanny acumen for detecting deception. His albino eyes shredded my defenses like a machete hacking through underbrush, leaving me at the mercy of a maniacal invalid. He proceeded to speak in measured beats, almost as if reciting from a volume of poetry.
“Do you perceive me as a wicked man, Mr. Cobbs?”
“Who am I to label you as anything?” I replied, forgetting that my response wasn’t really an answer. “I’ve only been in your presence a few minutes. How can I speak accurately on your motivations?”
“Surely, rumors of my iniquity were relayed to you at some point before your decision to venture here. Maybe it’s more proper for me to ask if you believe in all those terrible stories connected to my name.” 
A man would’ve had to been a dull-witted imbecile to ignore the obvious signs of inhumanity flourishing within this encampment. Anyone deemed as sane couldn’t have possibly rated him as anything less than a sinister force. Of course, to confess as much to Kurtz would’ve assured that my head became an enduring fixture in this region’s gruesome décor. “I don’t think my opinion of you matters very much,” I offered. This reply seemed to pacify the ivory trader momentarily, so I advanced my theory. “You do not exist as an average man in this jungle. Therefore, it’s impossible to compare your habits to those who practice a conventional lifestyle.”
No matter how clever I thought I was while averting Kurtz’s inquiries, my tactics didn’t fool him. By now he must’ve recognized my reserved deference to his position. “It’s too predictable to brand me as a lunatic,” he muttered. “Amateurish minds might hypothesize as much, but they’re disregarding an infallible point. The boundaries that subsist in the dead civilizations from which you come from do not apply here. Can’t you see the irony in it all, Mr. Cobbs? There’s more life here in death’s presence than in all of the little cities sprouting up throughout the world.”
“I’m afraid I don’t really understand what you’re doing here, Mr. Kurtz.”
“Ah, that makes you less impressive than I would’ve preferred. But nevertheless, since you have not yet revealed a tendency to filch my ivory, I will presume that your journey is more spiritual in nature.”
“No,” I declared. “My mission, if I may call it that, is purely secular. In truth, I think I’ve questioned my own sanity at times. I’m just struggling to find my way through this world before worrying about the next one.”
Kurtz wasn’t the type of man who liked being corrected, but he remained tolerant of my position thus far. “They tell me a fever has besieged this village,” he continued, “and as you can plainly see, I am not immune to its flitting attack. Now, as they say, it’s just a matter of time.” I had already noted the visible indicators of Kurtz’s deterioration, and also estimated that Marlow’s expedition to retrieve him wasn’t more than a couple days from now. Only Kurtz’s robust voice remained impervious to the malarial fever devouring him.
The dreaded mosquitoes swarmed hungrily around us as I stood in observance of Kurtz’s demise. It seemed as though the scent of spoiled blood had already permeated from the manager’s flesh. But despite his moribund condition, he was undisturbed by this infestation. He didn’t even bother to swat the pesky vectors of yellow fever from his exposed limbs.
“Since you are neither a thief nor a pursuer of faith,” he resumed, “there must be some other motive for your visitation. I’d rather not speculate on such matters. But I do wish to ask you another question, Mr. Cobbs.”
“You may ask me whatever you want, sir.”
“Very well,” said he. His eyes looked increasingly watery around the edges when he continued. “When do you suppose is the ideal time to murder another man?”
I gulped, thinking that I had overstayed my welcome. But I still sought to satisfy Kurtz’s query as earnestly as possible. “There may never be a right time for that action,” I stated.
“Oh, stop spoon feeding me the grizzle that’s been forced down your gullet by those who’ve defined morality for you. I ask for an uncensored reply or none at all.”
A protracted pause indicated my feelings, but Kurtz became unsettled by what struck him as cowardice. He leaned further upright on his stretcher before proclaiming, “I shall tell you when the time is right. I grant you this favor because I believe you’re close to discovering the truth for yourself.”
“Why do you presume this?”
“Men have died painfully trying to stand where you do now,” he said. “You’ve seen the grim reality of my station, and yet you still remain intact. Those who’ve underestimated the darkness brewing in mankind’s heart will always find a similar fate.”
“Is this how you want people to remember you, Mr. Kurtz?”
“What was your first impression of my compound?”
I hesitated in my response, perhaps to digest my impulsive urge to classify him as a madman. But Kurtz didn’t want another canned reply from me. I decided to convey my thoughts to him without spouting any euphemistic language. “I believe the horrors of this world are inestimable, sir.”
“Indeed, Mr. Cobbs. You can say that twice for good measure.”
“Maybe you’ll soon say it in my place,” I returned.
Kurtz snickered at my rebuttal, but there was nothing jovial about his grin when he spoke again. “Is the delivery of death so outlandish when it’s thrust upon those who’ve betrayed you?”
“For a murderer, I think the answer is evident. But I’m not an assassin, Mr. Kurtz.” Even though I neglected to stutter on this occasion, Kurtz didn’t accept the validity of my pledge. I then tried to clarify my meaning, but not so much for him as for myself. “I think every man has contemplated revenge at one time or another, but such feelings are always fleeting. In the end, a man’s good nature usually conquers his darkest impulses.”
“It must be that way if you hope to be included in the civilized populace. After all, could you envision a society where every man satisfied his savage instincts? Would it look dissimilar to what I’ve created at this post?”
“Is that your purpose here? Do you feel better about yourself when you see others as nothing more than a marauding band of thieves? Are we all just base creatures vying for status at the expense of the weaker of our species?” Kurtz remained quiet for a spell so that I had a chance to mull over my own rant. “I don’t want to become the man who destroys lives and surrenders his humanity.”
“Mr. Cobbs, a day will come, and perhaps such a day has already arrived, where your survival will depend upon your ability to erase all those who’ve mocked your existence. Too many of us lie in dark quarters, praying for a sliver of light to slip through the cracks of our sepulchers. Is it more agreeable to glut yourself with what has been given or what you have taken?”
Kurtz’s perverse insight into human nature was more contaminated than the parasitic disease that afflicted his bloodstream. Yet despite the cruelty of his convictions, I couldn’t honestly interpret them as merely the ravings of a nonsensical man. I may have even despised myself for agreeing with his philosophy at times, albeit in the silence of my nightmares.
“In this jungle,” Kurtz continued, “unlike the glitz-laden habitat in which you were born, there is no veneer masking the truth. This land is perilous from its fringes to merciless core in every conceivable direction. So I’ve come to call this uncultivated domain my home, and I do so without reservation or regret. This realm, this air, and all that there is to fear within this wild expanse shall thrive long after you and me are reduced to dust in our graves. Once it becomes a part of you, you invariably become inseparable from it. I, therefore, have recognized that in spite of the allegiance I’ve gained here among my disciples, my life is no more or less significant than the native creatures conceived on this soil. Should you leave here, Mr. Cobbs, it would be a wise choice on your part if you incorporated a piece of my instruction into your own.”
Perhaps Mr. Kurtz could’ve extended more information to me, and I was already resigned to listen to all the knowledge he wished to exchange. But the leader of this doomed station had already grown weary of my company. He reclined against his stretcher and closed his eyes as if in preparation for a prolonged sleep. He made no gesture to anyone watching outside the hut, but within seconds after Kurtz stopped talking, the harlequin reappeared in a plume of red dust.
“You’re the lucky one,” the cerulean-eyed clown lauded me. Oddly, I didn’t feel fortunate in any capacity as I stared upon Kurtz’s sleeping body. “He’s opened your mind, hasn’t he? Tell me it is so.”
“I’m not so sure,” I whispered.
“Oh, it’s already assured,” the patched zealot insisted. “I’d find your severed head on a stick if the facts were otherwise. I hoped you thanked him. Appreciate the knowledge he’s offered you. Such wisdom isn’t likely to be heard twice in your lifetime.”

As I departed Mr. Kurtz’s Inner Station, a feeling of remorse consumed me. Was it the menacing echo of his words that impelled me to walk so lethargically? Or was it something much closer to my own heart? The condemned leader’s notions haunted my head as I trounced aimlessly through the underbrush in search of the home I left behind. But no matter where I awakened, I couldn’t return as the man I was before this encounter. The Congo’s darkness dripped like beads of oil into my raw wounds. A liniment of death now traversed my bloodstream, and I savored this poison in the same manner that I relished Kurtz’s deleterious breath upon my ear.


Chapter 61

3:50 P.M.


After regaining my sense of awareness in the schoolyard, I realized that my forward progress hadn’t separated me far enough away from the spectators at large. To further complicate matters, several students and members of the faculty witnessed my previous episode firsthand. I had inadvertently managed to attract a disproportionate share of the mourners’ attention. A handful of them offered me assistance, of course, but I refused their polite gestures. Instead, I remained on the soggy turf, while staring upright into a sky blotted by rain clouds. My dampened clothing hinted that I had spent at least a few unflattering minutes rolling on the ground in a heedless fit.
At least the custodian had wandered off to a portion on the campus where I couldn’t observe him any longer. Yet even in his absence I detected an odor of industrial glue affixing in the air like an unwelcome omen. In more ways than I previously imagined, the custodian seemed to taunt me even when I couldn’t see him. Of course, given the inelegance of my current predicament, I had virtually no hope of escaping the scrutiny of the other onlookers. One man in particular appeared hell-bent on humiliating me in a public forum.
Morgan Lemus jostled through the crowd in pursuit of me as if he hadn’t anything more urgent to consider. This time he had two detectives in tow, both less enthusiastic than him. They must’ve noticed me thrashing about the premises like a flightless bird. Rather than attempt to reclaim my stance, I remained squatted on the grass as if hatching an ostrich’s egg. Judging by the scowl on Lemus’s face, I assumed he wasn’t concerned about my welfare. He didn’t need to pretend to reserve any empathy for me at this point. His pulsating eye zeroed in upon me like a missile bearing down on a defenseless target.
“Look at you,” Lemus said in disgust. “You’re an embarrassment to this profession, Mr. Cobbs. I want you to get off this property immediately.”
Perhaps the principal’s emotions overpowered his wit in this instance. It was never good in public relations for a leader to berate an ailing man. Yet Lemus’s abhorrence toward me overwhelmed his common sense. Other witnesses may have been shocked by his brazen cruelty, especially in the midst of a student’s murder investigation. Of course, I knew that Lemus merely permitted his rank nature to stink up this scene. Ironically, his obsessive quest to destroy my reputation ultimately proved to accelerate his own downfall.
“Mr. Cobbs, I’m holding you partly responsible for what has happened here today,” he bellowed. “If you stayed away from Drew, he wouldn’t have gotten out of my office. I’m going to personally see to it that you never teach in this or any other school again.”
Those within earshot of the principal’s outburst most likely expected me to respond. Their eyes fastened to mine as if magnetized by curiosity. Did they really expect me to defend myself from such a desperate accusation? I expected Lemus to shoot from the hip, but he was firing aimlessly without holsters now. In this case, I spoke infinitely louder than him by saying nothing. Lemus’s feckless rant soon earned him a round of jeers from those encompassing us. Oddly, he seemed content to contribute to his professional demise if it meant even the slightest chance that he’d somehow incriminate me in Drew Mincer’s death. Eventually, the more sensible members of the principal’s entourage attempted to steer his misplaced rage in another direction, but Lemus remained resilient in his bid to play a saboteur.
“That man isn’t what he appears to be,” he fumed to anyone who cared to listen. “He wants you all to think he’s sick, but I believe he’s faking this whole bit.”
The crowd’s eyes swayed toward me again. Of course, I had no cause to heedlessly throw my body onto the muddy ground in order to divert attention from the crime. To explain this absurdity to anyone who cared to believe Lemus seemed as rash and delusional as the man who supposedly helmed this school. I therefore kept my mouth shut, permitting those who wished to speculate controversy to do so. While shifting my gaze among the congregation, I noticed several faculty members and students watching me as if I had an obligation to rationalize my state of awkwardness.
Edna Fassal stood nearby, visibly grief-stricken, while covering her frizzy coif of gray beneath an umbrella. Hannah Dixon still remained in company, too, with dark mascara streaming from her overloaded eyelashes like canals of tar. And it was nearly impossible to miss Chrissie Finnegan’s cucumber-scented presence. I noticed several gawking students as well, including Dale McCoy, who perhaps clutched his copy of Ulysses a bit tighter than before. Mitch Dalton was among them as well, glaring at me as if I had just relinquished the winning touchdown to our school’s rival.
None of these familiar faces compelled me into any action. Honestly, I was prepared to squat on the lawn until they had become utterly bored of watching me. But my hands gripped the blades of grass surrounding my hands after I noticed Shawn Winger angling entirely too close to the student whom I knew he had impregnated. Right now, in the midst of this emotional chaos, his proximity to Desiree Meadows struck me as a decisive act of condescension. To anyone else, the placement of Shawn’s hand on the girl’s shoulder may have seemed like an innocuous gesture to remedy the girl’s anguish. But they weren’t cursed with a confession that I had learned firsthand from this culprit’s mouth.
Even now I wondered why Shawn confided in me without any solicitation. Did he really assume that I’d refrain from casting judgment against him? It was offensive to conclude that he used me as a means to moderate his own guilt. Until this moment I had stupidly pledged to maintain the secrecy of his relationship with Desiree for the remainder of this week. Had I not witnessed Shawn’s flagrant interplay with this student, I might’ve been able to wait that long. But at the same time, I didn’t know if I’d ever get another chance to stop him.
As I searched the huddled masses to find Shawn’s eyes, I no longer felt any empathy for the predicament he created. He mocked me with his cocksure smirk, and I imagined that he laughed at my vulnerability alongside his minor-aged playmate. I couldn’t stay in his presence a moment longer. Even Lemus’s boisterous movements seemed nearly invisible to me. After several seconds, I staggered to my feet in order to make a speedy departure. This task was complicated by Lemus’s misguided pursuit to undermine my reputation. On sturdier legs I might’ve held my position, but I didn’t know how much longer I could’ve sustained my balance.
“Are you planning to take some culpability in what has occurred here, Mr. Cobbs?” Lemus resumed. When I failed to respond, he became increasingly volatile. At one point, he even squared his shoulder into my side, presumably to knock me off my feet. I had no choice but to settle this dispute in a manner he found acceptable.
“Look,” I muttered. “If you think any of this is my fault, then I’ll never muster the energy to convince you otherwise. In truth, I tried my best to prevent any tragedy like this from ever happening.”
“And as we can all now plainly see, your efforts proved worthless,” returned Lemus.
“I don’t think we have anything left to discuss. Let’s face it, Dr. Lemus, you’ve made up your mind about me a long time ago.”
“I don’t want you back at my school tomorrow,” he grimaced. “You are a pestilence who infects those of us still trying to make a difference in public education.” If any of the spectators were appalled by Lemus’s assertion, they kept their comments subdued. I realized that most of them were simply protecting their jobs; even Edna Fassal couldn’t look at me remorsefully without worrying about repercussions from a particularly resentful principal. Rather than burden myself with Lemus’s tirade, I focused on the one man in the pack who’d conveniently escaped scrutiny for his entire tenure at Ravendale High School.
Shawn Winger still managed to display his smugness as if it was up for auction. I stepped within three feet of him before his toothy grin transformed into a straight-lipped stare-down. Lemus still yapped at whatever nonsense popped into his skull, but I now shifted my attention to his prized pedagogue. Despite my vantage point, Shawn continued to latch onto Desiree’s shoulder as if he was immune to criticism. Blood flowed into my brain like hot oil, revving me with hostile notions. Whatever the punishment was for betraying the trust of a deviant mind, I was now prepared to accept it. To the astonishment of others, and without issuing a warning, I lunged forward and knocked Shawn’s hand away from the girl’s body as if she was my own daughter.
The stunned tempter loosened his fingers from the teenager’s shirt. Then, in an action of confusion or cowardice, Shawn backed away from her while staring at me in a tentative silence. He, of course, knew exactly why I swatted him, but he also couldn’t let anyone else suspect the reason for my assault.
“What the heck are you doing, Corbin?” Shawn asked, practically gritting his teeth with embarrassment.
“I want you to keep your filthy paws off that girl,” I said, loudly enough to catch the ears of anyone who relished the onset of forthcoming turmoil. Lemus shadowed me closely in these seconds, and he had no intention of letting me attack our community’s most venerated teacher.
“Did everyone just see that?” Lemus squealed at anyone who cared to notice. “He just maliciously hit Mr. Winger for no apparent reason.” Obviously, others in the vicinity were equally perplexed by my knee-jerk reaction, but the man who merited my aggression hardly flinched. Shawn remained with his hands latched on his hips, appearing composed as he tried to quell my temper.
“It’s okay,” Shawn assured Lemus and the flabbergasted audience. He refused to break his gaze from mine as he proceeded. “I think we can all see that Mr. Cobbs isn’t feeling very well at the moment. Under the circumstances, I’d say that’s not so unusual.” Shawn’s explanation may have truncated Lemus’s outrage, but I had no intention of withholding my disgust a moment longer.
“I’m feeling perfectly fine now,” I assured the onlookers. “After all, I’m not the one who is really sick here, isn’t that right, Mr. Winger?”
My backhanded accusation hushed the chattering throng. They remained as clueless to this beloved teacher’s lascivious tendencies as Dr. Lemus. I then briefly looked at Desiree to confirm my suspicion that she felt both frightened and offended by what I sought to disclose. Naturally, Shawn exercised all the suitable suaveness that enabled him to inveigle one of his students in the first place. I watched him loosen his tie in an effort to lessen the tension surging through his neck’s bulging veins.
Shawn’s saucer-like eyes pleaded with me now, but I couldn’t rate such a reaction as a genuine bid for redemption. In my estimation, this man was the worse sort of imposter among us. He was someone who feigned goodness in order to secure favors for his own selfish endeavors. On the other hand, Desiree certainly couldn’t be looked upon as entirely blameless either. In spite of her impressionable age, she was well aware of the ramifications stemming from such a taboo courtship. Until now, it was directly because of her culpability that I almost permitted Shawn to rectify this situation on his own terms. But I had become impatient with his lofty air of entitlement and obvious absence of regret or shame.
“This is coming to an end today,” I told him.
Like a veteran thespian, Shawn acted as cool and collected as everyone other than me would’ve expected. His outward expression offered not even the faintest trace of dishonor. “Corbin,” he remarked, “you’re making a lot of people here uncomfortable right now.” His concentration waned slightly when Desiree suddenly withdrew from his side, leaving him to stand alone to defend my forthcoming allegations.
“The way I see it, Shawn, you’ve become entirely too comfortable,” I countered. As I waited for the normally loquacious man’s retort, Lemus wedged his bulbous torso between us like a referee; for once in his lifetime, his bowtie seemed like an appropriate choice of attire. He first faced me directly, wagging a stubby finger in front of my nose like a wiper’s blade.
“Is this your idea of a joke, Mr. Cobbs?” the principal grunted. “Physically striking another teacher is grounds for immediate dismissal. With Mr. Winger’s written statement, I’ll have your letter of resignation on my desk in the morning.” Lemus looked satisfied with his boast until he pivoted toward Shawn to monitor his receptiveness. “This may be my only chance to get him out of here,” he croaked in a toady voice.
“A lot of bad things have already happened here today, Morgan,” Shawn mentioned sheepishly. “In light of everything, maybe it’s best if we just let it go.”
“You can’t mean that, Shawn,” said Lemus, aghast. “This man is a pariah. He never believed in what I’ve tried to accomplish in this school.”
“I’m sure he’s not so uncooperative,” said Shawn while staring at me as if one favor counterbalanced another. “Besides, I think Corbin will agree with me when I say that no one here really wants to start any more problems. We all just need to go home and clear our heads.”
In Shawn’s mind, he might’ve hoped for such a simplistic solution to his dilemma, but I wasn’t prepared to show lenience for his misconduct any longer. “I’m going to give you a chance to come clean with everything right now,” I told him. “I’d rather you do it than me.”
Shawn’s expression looked partially frozen, devoid of any of the contrived warmth that ushered him to this circumstance. Sheer guilt had melted the feathers that once gave this rudderless spirit flight. He now floundering in the self-induced muck that he created for himself. Of course Lemus served as a poorly timed distraction. The principal bounced into my space in an effort to provoke me.
“What are you babbling about now, Mr. Cobbs?” Lemus shouted.
“Ask your protégé,” I responded to him. “I’m sure Shawn’s eager to shed some light on what I’m alluding to.”
Lemus twisted back toward Shawn again and asked, “Do you have any idea what this fool is talking about?”
“I…I don’t,” Shawn replied, unconvincingly.
“Tell him now,” I interjected, while ignoring Shawn’s toxic stare.
Lemus’s didn’t focus on Shawn for more than another moment. Within seconds he was flapping his lips like a wind sail in my face again. “Mr. Cobbs, I don’t know what you’re trying to prove,” he snarled, “but deflecting blame on Mr. Winger won’t help your situation.”
Before Lemus managed to issue a reminder on how superior Shawn was to me in every aspect of career and character, I decided to deflate the air from his lungs by pinpointing one disreputable fact. “It seems that Mr. Winger has been flying too high for his own good around your school, Dr. Lemus.”
“Don’t do this, Corbin,” Shawn implored me. His eyes jabbed against mine like two poison darts, but I was immune to his noxious reproof by now. Lemus had permitted Shawn’s reputation as a master teacher to override any unfiltered inspection of his integrity for far too long.
“It’s too late,” I returned. “This is your last chance to confess, Shawn.”
“Last chance?” Lemus squawked. “Will somebody please tell me what the hell is going on?” The principal swung around to view Shawn’s expression. His voice quavered a bit before he blurted out, “Shawn, do you need to tell me something?”
“C’mon, Morgan,” Shawn chuckled like a shamefaced thief. “Corbin must’ve hit his head pretty hard when he fell on the ground. I don’t know what he’s talking about. He’s delusional or something.”
At this stage, I’m sure Shawn wished I were too disorientated to bolster my indictment. “I may be ill,” I proceeded, “but I’d have to be decomposing in my grave in order to leave here knowing that I didn’t try to stop you from pursuing your seduction of Desiree Meadows.”
People within the crowd had assembled into random pockets of alternate conversation, but upon my assertion, the banter ceased as if someone pushed a mute button on the entire scene. Others in company searched in vain for Desiree, but she slipped sneakily between the masses and disappeared into this afternoon’s gray mist. Shawn now stood alone to face me without any of his hubristic cargo in tow. It took Lemus a few seconds to process my statement, and a bit longer for him to extend any credibility to the claim. Shawn’s reaction, or more specifically, the lack of any projected emotion, displayed a chink in his burnished coat of armor that Lemus routinely polished like an obsequious squire.
Lemus suddenly had no recourse other than to question the esteemed teacher. “Shawn,” he whispered. “Do you deny what Mr. Cobbs has said?” We all waited intolerantly for a response, but it was as if Shawn’s tongue had at last betrayed him. He stumbled over a few garbled words, appearing like a politician without his teleprompter. Then, in a blatantly submissive act, he tilted his chin toward his chest and resumed his silence. A threadwork of crestfallen gasps weaved throughout the campus. Eventually, the multitude of people looked to me for clarification. Lemus came at me again, but this time his tone was decidedly reserved.
“Mr. Cobbs,” he remarked, “if you have any valid evidence to support your statement, it’s your legal obligation to report it formally so that this can be investigated promptly.”
“I’m aware of the regulations,” I answered.
“Then what exactly do you know in regard to Mr. Winger?”
“Things I shouldn’t,” I declared. Shawn raised his chin slightly, perhaps to cast a menacing stare in a final bid to dissuade me from completing this bittersweet task.
“Before you say anything else, Mr. Cobbs,” Lemus admonished, “you better be damn sure that your facts are straight.”
“I didn’t want to be the one to break this news to you, especially under these circumstances. I really thought Shawn would’ve felt remorse for what he’s done,” I said.
Lemus’s inquiry veered into fierceness now. “What exactly are you accusing him of?”
“The fellow you’ve often lauded as the savior of modern education, Dr. Lemus, is a flawed man. While you were preoccupied shining his plaque as Teacher of the Century, Shawn Winger was busy satisfying his libido with a seventeen-year-old student.”
Lemus’s skull appeared engorged with rage. His glass eye nearly spurted from its socket as he leaned in closer to my face. The rest of the spectators stood around like cardboard cutouts, crumbling in the persistent rainfall. As for Shawn, he looked like a speared captive, awaiting a punishment that was long overdue. His detest for me was unmistakable in these moments, but I convinced myself that my objective was for his own benefit. The principal, however, wasn’t too eager to accept my word as gospel.
“I hope that you can prove what you’re saying,” Lemus fumed at me.
I then made an announcement that permanently removed his and the other doubters’ pouts. “If you need proof after talking with Shawn, you shall have it soon enough. The student Mr. Winger is sleeping with is currently pregnant with his baby. I’m sure Desiree Meadows will fill in the rest of the details at the appropriate time.”
A boisterous uproar ignited in the eyes of everyone except for the accused man. Out of obligation, Lemus transferred his indignation from me to him. Shawn Winger had almost sailed into the heavenly clouds, but with his fragile wings now undeniably clipped, he appeared far less angelic in the principal’s estimations. I had nothing else to say on the matter. By the time I stepped away from the immediate area, the detectives had already encircled Shawn like a crew of butchers tenderizing raw meat.
Of course, the mob on hand remained fervent in their efforts to coerce additional details from me, but my business at Ravendale High School was done for this day, and perhaps for all days to come hereafter. Despite several ploys to prevent my brisk departure, more essential matters motivated my footsteps. After all, my duty to rectify what was wrong was not yet finished.
Leon Chase’s premeditated decision to sleep with my wife couldn’t go unpunished. Whether Rachel loved this man for his false affection or not made no difference to me. Perhaps if I was the man I seemed to be even yesterday, I might’ve rolled over like an obedient hound and relinquished my dignity along with my wife to this counterfeit friend. But I already knew that Leon wasn’t the type of man who’d abandon his family to appease the romanticized notions of another man’s wife. He was far too clever and devious for such a shortcoming.
After returning to the sanctuary of my car’s interior, I remained seated behind the steering wheel, futilely attempting to smear the fresh mud from my clothing. The drive to Leon’s suburban mansion in Ravendale Heights was less than fifteen minutes from the school. I assumed I could’ve driven there without incident, but I first needed to let my pulse rate subside. Any amount of tension had the potential to kill me within seconds. I realized that each episode I encountered from this point might’ve been my last. For me, the time to die wasn’t now.
In the midst of my respite, I noticed my cell phone vibrating on the passenger’s seat. I checked the caller’s ID, but neglected to answer it. Surprisingly, Rachel attempted to contact me. I counted at least seven missed calls. The news of Drew Mincer’s murder must’ve circulated all over town by now. Perhaps I should’ve given Rachel a courtesy by answering the phone, but my thoughts of Leon prevented me from treating her concern as anything more than a nuisance. Besides, I had already specified a time for us to talk face-to-face, and I also wished to withhold any comments to her until after I confronted her lover under the identical conditions.
Naturally, I soon found it impossible to remain in the solitude of my vehicle and ignorantly dismiss the contents of my glove compartment. If nothing else, the stowed weapon would’ve served as an equalizer when I approached Leon on his turf. I now held a vengeful craving to put this adulterous man at my mercy. I couldn’t yet determine if I sought to shoot Leon for the disgrace he caused me, but the possibility lingered in my mind like a hibernating scent. Of course, he wasn’t solely to blame. Rachel merited a portion of my angst as well. The furtive manner in which she cajoled her way into Leon’s pants sickened me. If I opted to punish Leon for his indiscretions, then I also had to administer a punitive action against my cheating wife.
While en route to Leon’s house, I tried to soothe my riled mood by reflecting on the many lighthearted memories I spent with Leon. It disheartened me to think that our friendship had eroded because of such a common foe. Over the years, I recalled a few instances where we discussed temptation, but I never imagined that he had designed to infiltrate such avenues so close to his own home. I always suspected his wife was a devoted partner, but I had also erroneously assessed my wife’s level of commitment toward me. There seemed to be no end to my confusion and inability to comprehend the motivations of those closest to me. One thing was irrefutable, however, and that was Leon’s throttlehold over my life. No amount of wealth or prestige could’ve provided insulation from the words I now planned to convey to him.
After turning into the entrance to the neighborhood’s most exclusive properties, I was sorely reminded of my own financial limitations. Every yard on this wooded street looked like parkland paradise, and some of the custom built manors seemed bigger than entire shopping malls. When I was a younger man I believed that the pursuance of a dream was far more gratifying than coveting wealth. Had I never married or adopted predictable habits, my principles might’ve stayed unchanged. But the opinions and lifestyles of people with more money than I earned impacted me negatively over the years; my heart grew smaller as my ears enlarged. I felt inadequate in the company of rich folks, and this may have even been evident to my best friend at times.
Leon warned me about entering the teaching profession at least two years before we graduated college. I eventually convinced myself that I could’ve never been content if my quest for cash overpowered a search for wisdom. In the classroom, I theorized, I would have an opportunity to impact a forthcoming generation in ways that no amount of dollars could’ve supplanted. Of course, it was customary for young teachers to foresee such hyperbolic visions. Later on, Leon had no reservations about debunking my altruistic drivel by citing countless retired teachers who died miserable and broke. Furthermore, the gratitude that they internally sought never materialized. If anything, educators had become the unlikely targets of a gaggle of underachieving ingrates.
My friend often boasted that older people with resources never resorted to homilies on intangible accomplishments at the closure of their careers. They let their six figure bank accounts displace the mordant sketches of those who labored for peanut shells and a pat on the back. On the other side of things, I wondered what truly pained the minds of those who lived on El Dorado Drive. As I drove past these showy estates, with luxury cars adorning driveways that cost nearly as much as my house, I thought about these barren inhabitants sheathed in a layer of gold dust. How many of them were as selfish and shrewd as Leon Chase? Had their unquenchable lust for power and finance eclipsed the love for their own families and friends?
The tortuous street I navigated eventually unwound into a cul-de-sac. Leon’s white stucco and brick home stood at the bend in this road on the highest portion of land. The only thing missing on the property was mote and drawbridge. It didn’t startle me that Leon had secured the prime lot in this development for himself. This wasn’t my first visit to his home, of course, but the circumstances that brought me here today made it seem like it. Additionally, the shameless opulence of his residence never bothered me before, but I now felt nauseous by what it represented. I envisioned my wife yearning for such a suburban palace, and couldn’t fully detach myself from being tempted by similar grandeur at one time or another. It must’ve delighted Leon beyond comparable glee to know that he had the capability to snatch my wife from my arms at any moment he so desired.
The inborn instinct for retaliation often suffocated good judgment. As I stopped my car curbside opposite Leon’s driveway, I sensed my lungs tightening with anticipation of my next move. A fence of evergreens blocked a portion of the home’s garage, but since the door was open, I noticed that Leon’s Lexus was not parked inside. Naturally, I assumed what any jealous husband might’ve wrestled with when confronted by this scenario. I couldn’t dismiss the likelihood that he was coddling my wife at this very moment, perhaps even preparing himself for this particular eventuality.
I presumed that Leon’s wife was at home, and I still had an option of being the bearer of scandalous news. But I knew that they had a five-year-old son, and it was a bit premature for me to subject Peggy Chase to such humility in front of her child. Besides, it seemed only proper that I dealt with Leon directly before pitching accusations of disloyalty onto his wife’s front porch. Honestly, I still considered her my friend who didn’t deserve a philandering husband anymore than I warranted an unfaithful spouse. Because of this, I elected to wait for Leon’s arrival in order to provide him with a chance to beg me for forgiveness.
But the longer I waited for Leon, the more repugnant his behavior seemed. A thought of him laughing at my gullibility as he seduced my wife in my own bed almost caused me to vomit into my lap. I quivered with diabolical notions, barely trying to suppress the rage roiling within me. Within a few seconds, I found myself reaching for the glove compartment. The gun beckoned for my hand like a famished mouth consuming food. The sustenance that such a weapon filled me with, of course, was a sensation I never relished before this instance.
Prior to this morning, I hadn’t even a touched a gun in my lifetime, and I couldn’t predict that I’d handle it suitably under tense circumstances. Despite my reservations, an influx of searing adrenaline coursed up my forearm as I gripped the gun’s handle. My fingers trembled when embracing its cool metal casing. I gently placed the gun on the passenger seat beside me, pampering it as if it was manufactured from porcelain and rice paper. Then, I simply stared at the piece for a while, envisioning myself brandishing it at a crucial moment.
While entranced in this revitalizing thought, I listened to the rain tapping against my car’s windshield. The clouds had thickened since I arrived here, serving as a gloomy presage. The excess sweat that consumed my brow couldn’t be ignored either. Maybe another visitation would’ve clarified my intentions. While leaning back against my seat, I wanted to believe that the answers to my strife existed somewhere within my peripatetic cycles.


Chapter 62

4:20 P.M.


I soon emerged in a region that flourished with promising verdure. In fact, the fecund vegetation grew so densely around me that I had to unpeel the greenery away from my eyes to fully inspect the area. Fresh signs and scents of life abounded in fields that appeared recently tilled. A good portion of this earth was laden with an assortment of herbaceous plants. Obviously, an immoderate amount of care went into the cultivation of this farmland. Redolent tomatoes dangled before my eyes like fiery globes along the tapered pathways. Fig and citrus trees aligned the grounds, too, which eventually ceded to cucumber and lettuce patches draping across the landscape like an emerald veil.
I gathered that many hands had toiled diligently in order to produce such a splendid yield. My estimation proved accurate after I observed the first of many peasants tending to their garden plots. They seemed too busy to complain about the sweltering summer temperatures, and though a few of them observed my approach, not a single one stopped hoeing to intercept my advance. I was content to bypass their labor, as I deemed it unlikely that any of these farmers would’ve suspended their duties to speak to me for even a three-minute break. Besides, despite the rigor of their chores, they looked inordinately fulfilled with the business at hand.
Farther along the groomed countryside, these pleasantries eventually gave way to unkempt premises. Any trace of management that ornamented the trail beforehand gradually transformed into a sparsely sowed section of dirt. Few seedlings fought their way into sunlight here, and spiky weeds entangled those that thrived. The random vegetables visible had already rotted on their stems. I wondered what prompted the field men to work so assiduously on one side of the landscape, while intentionally neglecting this segment.
My quandary may have gone unsolved had it not been for the appearance of a single character standing aloof among the blemished undergrowth. From afar, the elderly figure looked rather stately, almost as if he had been wrongly assigned to serve as sort of a sentinel to a task he had no talent to supervise. Keeping to my former practices, I moved toward the shriveled fellow with hesitancy in my stride. In this instance, the enfeebled man’s stature didn’t intimidate me, but I presumed he acquired some knack for staying alive for as long as had done. Although he vainly tried to appear regal in a robe that looked borrowed from a wizard’s wardrobe, he was noticeably deformed by a fearsome contagion.
I discerned that a portion of his facial features were either missing or in a secondary state of decay. A trace of senility seemed apparent too, for I surveyed nothing within his immediate surroundings that revealed any purpose or sense of achievement. Yet in spite of his hardship, the oldster seemed perfectly acquiescent when nibbling on a chocolate wafer. As peculiar as I rated this pastime, I inched toward him with a slim expectation of being rewarded for my curiosity. Before introducing myself, I stalled until he gobbled the last crumbs of his treat. Without any measurable distance between us, I confirmed my earlier suspicion by observing the details of his misshapen countenance. This gentleman had suffered considerably, but displayed not even the slightest expression of anguish.
If the sickly man witnessed my advance, he only had one eye to do so, and if he hoped to track my approach by listening for my footsteps, he lacked one ear as well. Perhaps the most distracting malformation, however, was his nose. The tip looked as if had simply crumbled away like hardened putty, leaving only a crusty nub where his nostrils once had been situated. Leprosy was not an uncommon disease within ancient villages, and so I kept a safe distance from any spittle that he might’ve projected.
He stood on rows of sour cucumbers in his sandaled feet, and I couldn’t prevent my own eyes from scanning the ground for snakes while in his domain. A scent of rotten fruit and vegetables cleaved the air with an odiferous chop. After finally noticing me, the man might’ve been as perplexed by my presence here as I was to his, but it only required a two-syllable greeting from him to initiate our discourse.
“Welcome,” the elder spouted merrily. Oddly, I discerned no sarcasm in his voice. “I was beginning to suspect that no one recognized this terrain for how marvelous it truly is.” I reexamined the heaps of putrefying plant life that we both literally stood amidst, and therefore couldn’t relate to his optimistic disposition.
“You see this place as good?” I questioned in disbelief.
The elder chortled at my question as if the answer was as obvious as the nose that wasn’t any longer on his face. “I must call it as it is,” he exclaimed. “All here is for the best, as it must be in a world that has no rival.”
Based on his buoyant response, I now determined the identity of this person. He may have once been recognized as a sage to those whom he tutored. After all, his philosophical teachings of pre-established harmony impacted those with far less education, but knowing the unfortunate history of Dr. Pangloss caused me to wonder about the relevancy of my position beside him.
“In respect,” I told Pangloss, “I’ve already traveled past several gardens before stepping upon this soil. It’s no exaggeration to say that this land is uncared for.” I then motioned to the withered plants crushed beneath the mentor’s feet. In spite of my effort to enlighten Pangloss, he casually drew forth another square of chocolate from a pocket within his robe. He then proceeded to eat the delicacy as if he had no other burdens to consider. After indulging in the sweet, he cleared his throat and addressed me according to his erudite principles.
“I’ll assume you’ve ventured beyond the Turk’s farm,” he noted. “But you needn’t inform me on how pleased they appear with such menial undertakings. I’ve already lost one pupil to this allurement of cultivation. You should realize, of course, that such fads never endure.”
Being somewhat acquainted with the calamities that had befallen both Pangloss and his pupil Candide, I assumed this teacher felt slighted by desertion. It was no secret that older men proved stubborn when conceding to misjudgments, especially in their life’s work. I, of course, had no expectation of Pangloss surrendering his Leibnizian theory, but I still hoped to salvage something useful from our interaction. My opinion of Pangloss was mixed between two contrasting images. On one side, few human beings had encountered as much agony as him while still purporting the mantra that no other world was supreme to this one. Whether this was a high-minded belief or merely the sophomoric ravings of a pathetically stupid man remained open for debate.
As Pangloss ambled across the mashed cucumbers, I found it almost amusing that he remained oblivious to the fetid odors mingling with the chocolate he devoured. After following him for a few additional yards, however, I couldn’t contain my frustration with his insensibleness a moment longer. “I don’t wish to insult you, sir,” I stated, “but I’m familiar with the sorrows that you’ve endured, and yet you still walk in this garden as if all is as it should be. How could you accept such a grotesque display of neglect without any complaint or desire to improve it?”
“Does it serve me in the slightest fashion to bemoan what cannot be changed?” Pangloss questioned sprightly.
“But some things can be changed for the better,” I insisted, referencing the fermenting piles of untended vegetables on all sides of us. “There’s nothing but deliberate waste here. This garden could’ve been kept as productive as the others, and yet its been allowed to perish.” As I might’ve expected, Pangloss’s reaction was subdued.
“Tell me something,” the philosopher then asked. “When you passed the others in your excursion, did any of them mention where my expertise is most optimal?”
“They said nothing to me. But I know you’re a doctor to an impractical theory. Had it been my choice to cultivate this garden, I would’ve followed Candide’s example.”
“Alas, it’s predictable that you’d confess as much, but I therefore will assume that you haven’t earned a degree in metaphysico-theologo-cosomlo-nigology as I have achieved.”
“I’m certain that no other man than you holds such a sheepskin, Dr. Pangloss.”
“Then you’ve already established my advantage in our exchange,” he returned pompously. Rather than debate the obstinate oldster, I assumed the role of a listener as he expounded upon his hypothesis. “Since philosophers never recant, please don’t gaze upon me as a victim. Unlike Candide, you appear seasoned by years, and therefore less likely to fall prey to the pessimistic teachings of Martin. I’ve lived through some of the most unsettling circumstances known to mankind. Who would deny the horrible sights I’ve witnessed at Lisbon? But despite such disturbances, it is our limited knowledge of the finest notion that prevents most men from recognizing how fortunate we are to call this world our sanctuary.”
While staring closely at Pangloss, I wondered how much of his original thinking was articulated within the dogma. Perhaps he learned many years ago that he had been duped into embracing a flawed system, and now he felt compelled to profess such platitudes or risk being exposed as a charlatan.
“What if there really is no divine plan at all?” I asked, playing Ol’ Nick’s advocate. “Couldn’t it be that we, like all other species who’ve lived and died beforehand, are merely creatures of chance? Did it ever occur to you that we have no point or focus beyond the moment, and that the length or brevity of our existence relies on nothing other than blind luck?”
As cynical as I may have sounded, my logic at least caused Pangloss to delay his rebuttal. I should’ve guessed that he was too preoccupied with pulling another bit of chocolate from his clothing. Before he popped the wafer in his mouth, the Court of Baron’s royal educator offered his counter point of view.
“My dear man, I realize that it’s not possible for you to comprehend the complexities associated with the content that has earned me the title as the greatest philosopher of the Holy Roman Empire. However, because you’ve obviously invested some energy to familiarize yourself with my methods, I feel obligated to express some additional insight to you.”
“Again, with respect, Dr. Pangloss, I doubt you can tell me anything that will justify your obsession for chocolate while the world around you is crumbling into ruins.”
“Well, if that be the case, then you’re surely as simpleminded as Candide. But since you’re already here to listen, I reserve hope that you’ll perceive things differently after I finish talking. Now, in regard to my consumption of chocolate, I have an explanation. Had I not practiced experimental physics with Paquette, saucy girl that she is, I might’ve never known the scrumptious joys of that particular treat.”
“But you contracted syphilis from that chambermaid, didn’t you?”
“Experimental physics has its inherent risks. The short lots given to us needn’t be looked upon as detriments,” Pangloss pontificated. “Some might call me a robust man for surviving such ordeals and disfigurements. My point is, sir, that whatever strife you’ve endured, it’s most likely that you simply haven’t weighted those setbacks against all the goodness you’ve encountered. Once you allow yourself to do so, I’m sure you’ll find it impossible to refute that this world, no matter how imperfect it may seem as a whole, shines above all others.”
Although Pangloss enunciated his model for happiness admirably, I couldn’t let his foolhardy viewpoint go unchallenged. “How much heartache can a man tolerate before he turns bitter? I will never share your enthusiastic enlightenment for everything that goes wrong.”
“I should’ve surmised that you’ve had a problematical life.”
“In comparison to yours, it wouldn’t rate as harrowing,” I said. “I’ve neither been hanged nor disemboweled, and I haven’t been whipped repeatedly or afflicted by a communicable disease. I won’t pretend that my torment matches your own, but I’ve had my share of grief most recently.”
“At least my curiosity has ripened better than this garden,” said Pangloss. “Tell me what crisis has delivered you here, sir.”
“Imagine that you awakened one morning and discovered that your whole life was a big lie. In short, the one woman I love has betrayed me with my best friend. And to worsen matters, I may not have the time to find out if there’s even a chance to make things right again with either of them.”
Pangloss didn’t appear too distraught by my announcement. He had definitely counseled men who’d undergone far more excruciating drudgeries. I certainly didn’t merit any special treatment from him. Even still, whether I was appreciative of his guidance or not, Pangloss rarely resisted an opportunity to express his rose-colored knowledge.
“If you are ever to believe that this is the best of all possible worlds, sir, then you must resist an urge to tend to the ordinary if you expect more than a common effect.” Pangloss’s arms now extended from his body as he emphasized the festered field’s condition. “A man who is born otherwise gentle may transform into a ravening wolf unless he accepts his situation as inevitable. I sense that you’ve opted to negotiate a smoother pathway, but mind you this: a rutted road reminds us when to balance on our journeys. Never forget that you merely control choice. Whatever is meant to occur will do so regardless of your interference. I subscribe that every day is only as gray as the clouds you wish to gaze upon.”
In my estimation, it had been many years since I felt heartened by any hopeful prospects. The truth of the matter resided in much grimmer pastures. My conclusion left me at an impasse with the sanguine-minded philosopher. Despite my dreary disposition, I couldn’t taint his perceptions. And in fairness to Pangloss’s lack of forethought, if the realm he conjured truly existed, I would’ve gladly ventured toward it. However, as it now stood, I wasn’t prepared to accept my limitations with such passivity. I also wasn’t convinced that keeping my mind distracted with idle chores held any worthwhile benefit to my contemplations. Perhaps each man needed to plow his land on his own terms. In this way, neither Dr. Pangloss nor Candide practiced the habits I wished to imitate.
Before departing company with Pangloss, I thanked him for his futile bid to alter my perceptions. He seemed momentarily pacified by my gesture, but also visibly shocked that I didn’t share his compulsion for chocolate. I left the diseased prattler as I found him amidst this plot of spoiled plants. If he was at all disenchanted by my hasty retreat, I detected little in his expression to suggest the endurance of his sadness. It seemed conclusive that Pangloss had already relied on the fanciful notion that the best possible outcome for our encounter had inescapably occurred.


Chapter 63

4:23 P.M.


An approaching vehicle’s headlights swept against my fluttering eyelids. This disruption roused me into consciousness again. The sky had darkened considerably over El Dorado Drive in the past three minutes, and the rainfall drummed against my windshield with the cadence of a thousand synchronized fingertips. I needed a moment to stabilize my thoughts and recall the purpose of my stakeout in front of Leon Chase’s home. He must’ve recognized my car as he pulled up his steep driveway like a knight mounted on a decorated steed. But he made no attempt to acknowledge my position. If this was a purposeful snub on his behalf, I viewed it as further confirmation of his guilt. I presumed that this was no more disturbing than the rage currently infesting my disposition.
I soon fixated on the revolver situated on the seat beside me. A compulsion to grasp the weapon in my hand overwhelmed me. I reached for it as greedily as a chubby kid fetching the last cookie from a jar. After my fingers connected with the gun, a euphoric charge pulsed through my body. The weakness that plagued me for most of today suddenly vanished, and I felt like a valiant warrior capable of undoing all the world’s evils. But did I truly wish to use a bullet to underscore my resentment toward Leon? He may have slept with my wife, but did such imprudence justify a punishment of death? If I had more time to mull over the consequences, I might’ve refrained from tucking the gun into the beltline of my pants. Now I felt ready for whatever awaited me at the top of his driveway.
Before exiting my car, however, I offered another glance at my untouched journal. I thought briefly about carrying this empty book with me as well, if only because it reminded me of a safer time in my life. Ultimately, I left the journal on the seat, keeping my hands free of any object that might’ve impeded a defensive reaction later on. Since it wasn’t customary for me to arrive at my friend’s house uninvited, I’m sure Leon must’ve wondered why I chose to visit him at such an unusual time. As I walked up the driveway through channels of rainfall flowing under my shoes, Leon hadn’t even bothered to get out of his Lexus. The car idled in his driveway outside the garage, and I watched him gripping the steering wheel a tad tighter with my advance.
Leon remained poised within the leather comfort of his ride, but this must’ve belied the anxious thoughts teeming through his mind harder than the rain pelting my face. I watched his normally narrow eyes widen in the vehicle’s rearview mirror. The man’s swarthy skin never really lost any of its youthful elasticity, but for a brief moment I imagined that he surrendered a shade of pigment to cowardice upon seeing me. I didn’t wish to reveal my wicked deliberation prematurely, so I maintained an aura of calmness while sidling next to his garage.
For the most part, Leon was always an untouchable man, insulated against gravity’s relentless assault on one’s comeliness. If there was ever a nick in his boyish features, I couldn’t perceive it. In terms of hair, he seemed to pick up all the follicles that I had dropped from my scalp over the last decade, and it remained as black and luxurious as his eyes. His defined muscles rippled through a white silk shirt that I presumed would’ve never survived a splash of burgundy. He must’ve worked out everyday to maintain such a physique, or at least during those times when my wife visited the gym. In all the years that I’d known him, I couldn’t recall an instance where he was deprived of a female companion. His greatest blunder, however, was a polluted belief that he could’ve seduced any man’s wife without a censure. Complacency and good fortune never walked abreast for too long a period. Perhaps it was only fitting that his reign ended on a day stricken by storm clouds.
When it became certain that my presence wasn’t merely a mirage, Leon stomached the nerve to shut down his car’s engine and greet me properly. His face remained fittingly placid, and he refrained from any abrupt movement that might’ve provoked me while he exited the vehicle. In spite of his reserved demeanor, I didn’t sense any genuine sorrow brewing under his brow. I doubt Leon envisioned himself standing in a rainstorm attired in his tailored suit, facing a man who looked like he was rolling around in the mud all day.
Then, in an act of unsurpassed showmanship, Leon offered me an empathetic sigh that prefaced an artificial reaction. “My god, Corbin, I just heard on the radio what happened at the high school. Of course, the news isn’t telling many details. Some kid got hurt pretty bad, huh?”
I nodded my head submissively while watching the raindrops beat against Leon’s unlined forehead, before spilling over his cheeks and disappearing into a chinstrap of dark whiskers outlining his jaw.
“You must be pretty shaken up,” he proceeded. “Do you need anything?” I paused intentionally to monitor my friend’s mannerisms, but more importantly, his clothing. A portion of his shirt’s tail stuck out of the waistline of his charcoal slacks, and his raspberry-colored tie appeared newly knotted. I wondered if he spent the better half of this afternoon in my wife’s company before returning to more familiar terrain.
“It’s been a traumatic day for you,” he continued, while nudging me toward the open garage. “Let’s get out of the rain and discuss it, okay?” I followed Leon beneath the overhang of his garage and permitted him a few seconds to dab the raindrops from his face with a handkerchief that matched his tie. He extended the same cloth to me, but I declined it. My prolonged silence unsettled the typically stoic man; his tone sounded slightly sharper than I remembered.
“Take as much time as you need,” he espoused, still playing the part of a noble confidant. “Did they find out what happened to that kid yet?”
“He’s dead,” I answered tonelessly. Even I recognized the passionless pitch of my statement, and Leon’s face became clearly more ashen as my words registered in his mind.
“Dead?” he repeated. “The news just said that some boy got taken away in an ambulance. What the hell happened?”
“The boy was stabbed with a knife in his chest by another student,” I responded without any audible difference from my previous words.
“Jesus, this is a damn tragedy, Corb. I can’t imagine what all those kids are going through right now.”
“Normally, they’d be pretty upset, but there’s some people at the school who won’t be very sorry that he’s not coming back tomorrow.” Leon appeared appalled by my frank omission. After all, this was a time to display anguish and remorse, even when these feelings were blatant contrivances.  
“I…I don’t understand what you mean,” Leon replied. “Why would anyone want something like this to happen?”
“It wasn’t an accident, Leon,” I reiterated. “The boy was murdered.”
“Knowing this makes me sick. You all must still be in shock.”
“Maybe so,” I uttered. “But I don’t want to belabor those feelings right now. As you might’ve already guessed, I didn’t come here to sulk over what happened at school today.”
Because Leon had acquired an aptitude to articulate lies between his lips as effortlessly as a lawyer making a deposition, I had no interest in any denial he aimed to spew at me. We exchanged unbalanced glances, but his gaze tilted away in disgrace. For once, this traditionally sly-talking real estate tycoon appeared frazzled while trying to slither out of a predicament.
“Hey, I’m glad you stopped by under such tough circumstances. What did you want to say to me?”
“I’ve come to talk about my wife,” I responded flatly. Leon hesitated, furrowing his brow as if my response surprised him. Surely, he was crafty enough to have at least formulated some palpable excuse for keeping company with Rachel in the event I ever confronted him. When a fellow sleeps with his buddy’s woman, he’d have to be either grossly obtuse or arrogant to ignore the possibility of being cornered by an accusation sooner or later. Of course, Leon hadn’t elbowed his way to the forefront of financial grace through any semblance of veracity. I anticipated a perplexed reaction followed by a swift denial.
“Are you telling me that you drove over here to talk about Rachel?” he asked through a smirk that almost earned the attention of my knuckles.
I nodded before clarifying my mission. “Actually, to be precise, it’s about both of you.” Leon straightened his back as if someone slapped him with a steel rod across the back of his thighs. His cover-up, of course, was only in its infancy. I wondered how much longer he intended to nurture it.
“I…I don’t know exactly what you’re trying to say,” he stammered. “What about us?”
“I know everything,” I announced, hoping that his confession would’ve come easy now. The paleness enveloping Leon’s face couldn’t be dismissed as anything but apprehension, but he playfully nudged my elbow with his hand as if I designed to make him the brunt of a joke.
“C’mon, Corb,” he jested. “You’re just messing around with me, right?”
My eyes remained fixated on his, offering no trace of hilarity. I then said, “I wish this was all a hoax. But I don’t even think my timing for humor is that awful, do you?”
Leon continued to project his feigned bafflement, and seeing that he had little flexibility to do otherwise, I couldn’t fault the effort. “I don’t know what crazy ideas you’ve got stirring in your head,” he remarked, “but you’re starting to worry me.”
“Really? If it takes any pressure off you, I passed worrying about six hours ago.”
“Are you accusing me of something?”
“Oh, yes.”
“Well, what do you think I’ve done?”
It may have been difficult for Leon to accept at the moment, but I derived no joy in exposing his duplicity. I simply stalled with my explanation to determine if he felt any compassion for my situation whatsoever. Maybe I just wanted to hear an authentic confession from him, rather than one coerced through the introduction of facts. Three decades was a long time to keep any friend close, and perhaps entirely too long for one who was proficient at deception. I suppose self-preservation overrode sentiments of sincerity. Leon maintained his ignorance to my implication just as frigidly as if we had never shared more than a day of friendship. If I hoped to advance our conversation into anything constructive, I needed a more plainspoken approach.
“I was hoping that we could avoid this awkwardness,” I announced glumly. “But when you’re married for as long as I’ve been, it’s never a wise decision to become complacent. It was stupid of me to give Rachel unlimited trust, and probably even more asinine to trust you.”
“Look, I don’t know exactly what you’re implying, but you’re off the mark by a country mile. It sounds like you think I got something going on with your wife.”
“Well, don’t you?”
“We’re only friends, Corb. I can’t believe you think I’d stoop to that level. How long have we known each other—over thirty years? I know that you and Rachel are going through a rough period right now, but you should talk things over with her before you come over to my house and start making such farfetched allegations.”
Perhaps I should’ve let him wriggle deeper into the excrement of his lies, but I decided to truncate the vagaries of our communication. “I didn’t come over here to ask you if you’re having an affair with my wife,” I said. “My real question to you is why? In all the years we’ve known each other, you’ve never set any boundaries for yourself. But I never imagined that you’d want to take the one thing away from me that you didn’t have to call your own.”
Predictably, Leon focused his stare on anything but my discriminating eyes. Pellets of sweat now replaced the rainwater on his forehead and neck. I presumed if Leon still possessed a shred of integrity, he would’ve soon showed me his regret. But this was a man who behaved like a cornered tiger under tense circumstances.
“You know,” he said stolidly, “Rachel did tell me that you’ve been sick lately—something wrong with your head, maybe?”
“That’s another matter.”
“Well, whatever is wrong with you, I don’t have to stand here and listen to such nonsense.”
“But you haven’t even heard the evidence I’ve collected yet.”
“You’re just testing me. You don’t have anything on me.”
“Let’s just say I have a neighbor who keeps a pretty close watch on the folks who pass through Willows Edge. You know her, too. Cora Hart has been living in the same house for over fifty years.”
“Really? That holy roller is still up to her old tricks, huh?”
“I don’t know, but her eyesight hasn’t failed her yet. According to Mrs. Hart, you’ve been parking your Lexus in my driveway every Tuesday and Thursday mornings for the past few months. Does that sound like an old trick to you?”
Leon attempted to cast another quizzical expression at me, but his forced confusion only caused him to appear increasingly culpable. After realizing that he couldn’t project a credible excuse to cover up his tracks, he decided on a compromise to his earlier refutation.
“Is that what this is all about?” he huffed. “Your wife must never tell you what’s going on in her life. It just so happens that I’m working with her company on a couple of huge property investments. We’ve had quite a few meetings of late.”
“At my home?”
“Yeah, I mean some of them. We’ve met at the coffee shop, too, and maybe a few other places. The point is, Corb, it’s been nothing but business between us.”
“You know, if it was any other day, I might’ve bought that line of bunk. Unfortunately, I already talked to my wife this morning, and it turns she has half a conscience after all.”
“I still don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Rachel told me about the affair,” I said cheerlessly. “She couldn’t tell me to my face, of course, but her letter spelled things out for me.” Even a trapped tiger relented to authority when its last line of defense faltered, but Leon tried fiercely to sink his fangs into his fabrication.
His voice quavered when he spoke again. “You’re really being serious, aren’t you?”
The blank look I shot at him hadn’t altered since I walked up his driveway, so I wondered how much longer he’d attempt to convince me that I was using him as bait in a comedic game. “You can do a lot to hurt a friendship and still repair it,” I uttered, “but I suppose screwing a friend’s wife ranks as an unforgivable offense. I already know that Rachel wouldn’t have slept with you if you didn’t promise her something more stimulating than sex. Once she explained her motivation in the letter, everything started to make sense.”
“I’m glad you think it does,” Leon snapped, “because I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about.”
“Well, Leon, maybe I can get Rachel to come over here and help elaborate on the details in front of your wife. Rachel was under the impression that you planned to run away with her and show her the finer things beyond Willows Edge. It’s a schoolgirl’s fantasy, I know, but you’ve always been so skilled at making the illogical sound legit.”
“I can’t say the same for you.”
“Not enough practice from this end,” I granted. “But let’s cut to the core of the matter, shall we?”
“You mean there’s more?”
“That you’ll have to inform me,” I returned. “My wife has this fanciful notion that you’re in love with her. Where would she ever get a crazy idea like that?”
The weight of Leon’s lies caused his shoulders to slouch like melting butter. His synthetic smile faded from his mouth too as he backpedaled against a workbench in the garage’s corner. “Oh, Corb,” he uttered in defeat. “Trust me, I never wanted things to get this far out of hand.”
The formerly defiant look in Leon’s eyes drained from him as if a hole punctured the side of his head. I remained motionless while staring at him, briefly resting my hand on the revolver hidden beneath my shirt. He managed to exhale a condensed breath, hoping to display his remorse by admitting the truth to me. “None of this was ever planned,” he insisted. “I don’t even remember why or how it got started.”
“Wouldn’t it be convenient for a lecher such as yourself to bed another man’s wife and expect no emotional attachment?” I asked, anticipating no reply. “Even an idiot knows that it’s impossible to keep these things secret forever. Eventually, the fantasy falls apart like a mansion without a foundation, and all that’s left to do is to clean up the rubble.”
I’d never seen Leon grovel before this instance; it didn’t suit the normally graceful man’s character well. He held his forehead with his hand as he proceeded with his confession. “I’ve been a selfish asshole. I should’ve stayed away from her. I know that now. But I guess I was just too damn weak to turn her down.”
“How long have you two been arranging your business meetings?”
“I don’t know. Close to three months, I guess.”
“Do you love my wife, Leon?”
Leon’s mouth tightened as he withheld his first thought. He nearly split his bottom lip while tensing the muscles in his jaw. “I…I can’t say that I honestly do,” he stammered. “You know I’m a married man. Rachel and I are just friends. We just took it a step too far.”
“That step, as you refer to it, had Rachel believing that you were going to be her next husband.”
“People say things they don’t really mean during intimate moments,” Leon rationalized. “I must’ve mentioned a few things to her along those lines, but it wasn’t meant to be taken seriously. She knows I’d never leave Peggy and my son.”
“Funny thing is, she doesn’t know that at all. In fact, if you told her that you wanted to take off with her right now, she’d probably leave with you tonight.”
“It was all a mistake, Corb. I know it was wrong, but the last thing I wanted to do was hurt you or your wife. But you know I can’t take back any of it now. Just believe me when I tell you that I’m sorry and I’ll never do it again.”
My fingers twitched on the gun’s handle, warming its wooden veneer almost instantaneously. I thought about brandishing the weapon, but withheld it for now. Rather than immerse my thoughts in such rage, I elected to rekindle a memory that dissolved some of the bitterness.
“Is there any way that you’ll ever be able to forgive me?” Leon then asked.
“We’ll see,” I told him. “You know, I was just thinking about the times when we used to climb trees as kids. I got to give you credit, Leon, even back in those days you were always a limb or two ahead of me.” Leon seemed befuddled by my untimely remembrance, which under the circumstances didn’t surprise me. “The woods around Lake Endelman were a bit deeper back in those days,” I continued. “Do you remember the line of cedar and pine trees bordering Ol’ man Young’s farmyard? Those times were good indeed.”
Leon nodded compliantly, but he must’ve suspected that I had a motive other than the conveyance of boyhood nostalgia. I watched as his fingers traced skittishly over the wood bench he leaned upon. “That was a much simpler time,” he said, still pondering my rumination scrupulously.
“Jack Young had the tallest trees growing on his property. Do you recall that day when we were racing side-by-side up that fifty-foot spruce near his silo?”
Leon shook his head slightly before saying, “We climbed quite a few trees back then, but I think you challenged me to see who could get to the top of that tree first.”
“That’s right,” I agreed. “I threw down the gauntlet. But unlike most days, on that particular one I felt like I couldn’t be beaten. If I remember correctly, I think I had a good lead on you for most of the way up.”
“Maybe you’re right,” said Leon. “My memory isn’t as sharp as yours.”
“But you must remember what occurred,” I contended.
“No, I don’t. I guess I forgot.”
“You were always the better student, the fastest swimmer, the best ballplayer, and although I didn’t want to admit it, a superior tree climber. On my best day I couldn’t normally surpass you. But I had something to prove when we went up that spruce on that early spring morning. I was convinced that you’d be looking up at me when I reached the top branch.”
“Look, Corb, that was a long time ago. We were just kids back then, and maybe I was a little bit too competitive for my own good.”
“Don’t cheapen the moment,” I snapped. “There’s nothing wrong with being the best at anything you do and letting people know it. If you want to know the truth, Leon, you were my hero back then. I envied you, and it was because of this precise reason that I felt it necessary for me to outdo you at something.”
“What’s the point of talking about this right now?”
“I was four limbs from the top of that goddamn tree,” I muttered regretfully. “And you know what happened next, don’t you?”
“I’m not sure.”
“That old spruce let me know just how old it really was. I can still hear the crack of the branch. It might as well been my own arm severing at the elbow. That sound—that fractured limb—represented the last chance I ever had any advantage over you, but it didn’t last for long.”
Perhaps Leon understood my disappointment, and the current dilemma only solidified the notion that my boyhood companion continued to exceed my capabilities even as we aged. His present discomfort, however, was just a temporary glitch in his dominance. “Over the years,” I went on, “I sometimes wondered if you purposely let me get ahead of you during that climb. You probably knew that the branches on the treetop were weaker than its lower ones.”
Leon hesitated in his response, and I couldn’t fault him for neglecting to relay any cogent feedback from an incident that happened over thirty years ago. But I knew he hadn’t forgotten the events that followed the broken branch. His brave deed must’ve still been embedded in his brain, as it was my own. When it became evident that Leon was stumped on conveying an appropriate response, I proceeded with my story.
“The fact is, Leon, had you not pretended to be the slower climber on that day, there would’ve been no one to prevent me from falling nearly fifty feet to the ground.”
“I did what any friend would’ve done.”
“You could’ve easily fallen yourself when you grabbed hold of my leg, but you didn’t let go. In that moment, my life meant something to you.”
“I…I don’t know what to say. You still mean something to me. I never intended for you to think otherwise. Even friends can make mistakes, Corbin.”
“I’ve been rehearsing that possibility in my mind all day. But some mistakes deserve punishment, don’t they?”
“I’ve already promised you that I wouldn’t see your wife again. What else can I do?”
Under normal circumstances, Leon’s pledge might’ve quelled my jealousy. Because he saved my life so many years ago on that tree, maybe he at least deserved a chance to rectify his indiscretions. “Obviously,” I said, “Rachel is smart enough to understand that a married man doesn’t abandon his wife and child to marry someone else’s spouse. However, being the gallant guy that you are, I’m assuming you offered Rachel castles in the air. I’ve known you far too many years to speculate anything less cunning. But I didn’t come here to rehash what you’ve done. It’s more important to figure out how we’re going to handle the situation now.”
Before I delivered a sensible solution, my attention swayed to a door opening at the far end of the garage. Peggy Chase leaned in the doorway’s shadowed frame. Her dark hair fell across mocha-colored shoulders, and her eyes looked upon us with all the transfixed naivety of a doe staring into an oncoming truck’s headlights. She must’ve wondered what delayed Leon from entering their house. After she noticed me, a short smile formed on her lips, but she kept her concentration focused on her husband.
“Leon, are you coming in soon, babe?” she asked.
I remained quiet as Leon muttered a response. “Hey, honey. Yeah. I’ll be in shortly. Corbin just stopped over.”
Peggy acknowledged me with a wider grin, but it seemed more reserved than I remembered. This normally extroverted woman looked hard-pressed when searching for the proper greeting for me. Suddenly, I felt as if we were meeting for the first time. Maybe she had already heard about the murder at school and wondered what my present state of mind might’ve been. “Why don’t you fellows come inside,” she suggested. “It’s damp out there.”
“Hello, Peg,” I said, matching her thin smile with one of my own. “I just stopped over for a couple minutes. I really got to get heading home myself. Don’t want to keep the little lady waiting, if you know what I mean.”
“Well, okay,” she replied. “How’s Rachel doing anyway? I haven’t heard from her in a few weeks.”
My eyes traced toward Leon before I said, “She’s been quite busy lately, but I’ll tell her to give you a call as soon as she can.”
“That would be nice. Maybe we can all get together for dinner at Rounders next week or something.”
“Sounds like a plan,” I returned. While speaking, I fastened my eyes on Leon’s face, which by now looked blotched with shame. I imagined that he assumed I planned to sabotage his marriage in the same manner he destroyed mine. At this stage, I had no doubt determined that Peggy remained unaware of her husband’s philandering routine. Leon must’ve been impressed on how I managed to withhold my urge to expose his mistress. He waited until his wife retreated back into the house before investigating my intentions more thoroughly.
“I guess you’re going to tell my wife, huh?” he inquired, perhaps sounding as wretched as I appeared. His hands now gripped the wooden bench beside him.
“I’ve thought of at least a hundred different ways to make you feel the hurt and humility that I’m going through. But after thinking it over, if I decided to act on my impulse, I’d be responsible for causing Peggy the same kind of pain that I’m experiencing right now.”
“So you’re not going to say anything to her?”
“No, Leon, but you are. I won’t be the messenger who tramples on your wife’s emotions. The only decent thing to do is assure that she hears the truth from you.”
Naturally, Leon didn’t want any part of such a demoralizing task. “C’mon, Corb, we can handle this situation without getting Peggy involved.” He was mindful to keep his voice even-tempered now in case his wife was within earshot of our conversation. “You know how sensitive she is. I don’t want this mistake to break up my family. If nothing else matters, think about my son.”
I expected Leon to play upon my compassionate spirit. Of course, this would’ve been a risky venture on his behalf if he knew what I had concealed beneath my shirt. At least I had resisted my initial instinct of planting a bullet in his groin, thereby ensuring that he’d never contaminate another marriage. The fact that Leon supported his position by dangling his status as a father in front of me like a layer of insulation didn’t provide him with the protection he hoped to manufacture.
“I’m offering you something that neither my wife nor you extended to me,” I proceeded. “You’ll have a chance to ask for Peggy’s forgiveness after you confess to your betrayal. She’ll then determine if you’re ever worth trusting again.”
“She won’t understand,” Leon bemoaned. “You know how women are when it comes to these sort of things.”
“Do I? Well, I’m sure my wife told you otherwise. Of course, I thought I had her figured out, but my skill at anticipating the motivations of those closest to me isn’t as honed as I once believed.”
Leon built a lucrative career with his prowess at talking circles around his competition, but our discourse had rendered him inadequate in any sort of negotiation. He suddenly looked like an ordinary pervert with his pants tangled around his ankles. “Isn’t there anything I can do so we can figure this out ourselves? I’m asking you this favor as one friend to another, Corbin.”
My stare shed little in the way of hope that I would’ve ever tagged this adulterer as my friend again. I simply shook my head at his pathetic bid to appeal to my kindness. “I’m going to give you until tomorrow morning to tell Peggy,” I affirmed. “By then, I’ll expect a phone call from her. It will be better for you if you don’t skip over the details. I won’t be as conservative with my version of the facts.”
“I can’t believe you won’t work this out with me. We’ve been friends for a hell of a long time. Shit, I know I screwed up, but Peggy is innocent, and I can’t see the point in wrecking two marriages over this. And there’s also something else to consider. If Peggy and I break up, it’s going to make it harder for you to reconcile with Rachel.”
I edged closer to my wife’s lover as he spoke, realizing that his frantic bid for clemency seemed as rehearsed and unemotional as the last five years of my marriage. I managed to keep my hands from straying too close to my waistline during these seconds. When I probed Leon’s eyes more intently, I confirmed my earlier suspicion. This man cared nothing about my welfare. Surely, he must’ve recognized the evidence of my illness by now, yet he remained impassive.
“As you might’ve guessed already,” I prompted him, “I’m not in the best of health. In truth, there’s a good chance I won’t be around much longer to fret about Rachel’s future.”
“I didn’t know how sick you really were.”
“I’m not surprised. I’m sure you and Rachel had quite a few laughs at my expense.”
“It wasn’t like that, Corb. Rachel never talked cruelly about you to me. Deep down, I think she’s really still in love with you.”
“Don’t flatter me with bullshit, Leon.”
“I’m being serious. I’m just going on a feeling, of course. You two have a lot of years together. Maybe you don’t want to give up so easily.”
The longer I remained in this huckster’s company, the more likely it was that he’d attempt to fluff up my confidence with artificial platitudes. But I was wise enough to comprehend that Rachel’s passion for me had fizzled long before Leon finagled his way between her knees. A man may have the skill of a sailor when sensing the knots of togetherness fraying between his fingers. In the case of my marriage, the ties that once bound us had unraveled into the tides of time long ago.
“I’m not going to stand here and try to convince you that I was always Rachel’s first choice for a husband,” I said. “Maybe it’s essential for a man to pretend that he’s not expendable in his wife’s eyes, but it’s so often the other way around. People can be replaced, and there’s no immunity for anyone in a relationship today. In the end, I’m convinced we’ll all have to rediscover how much we really matter to one another.”
Leon looked at me as if he was trying to emulate sorrow; I hoped he channeled it more persuasively when delivering these tidings to his wife. “If I knew you were so sick,” he grimaced, “I would’ve stayed away from Rachel. She never told me too much about it when I was with her.”
“Did you expect her to rejoice in the fact that I was dying while she was rolling around in the sack with you?”
The command in Leon’s voice diminished considerably as he muttered his next statement. “I guess I have no other choice.” He pivoted toward the doorway where Peggy stood a few minutes earlier. We heard his wife and son singing a song together on the opposite side of the door. “It seems so damn unfair,” he then uttered. “Peggy has gone out of her way to make my life easier, and I’ve let her down in the worst possible way. How could I ever repay her?”
“The price of love is sometimes steep, but the cost of trust can’t be calculated.”
“So what are you going to do now, Corb?”
In an indecisive moment, I instinctively angled my head toward the open garage in order to capture a glimpse of the sky. Perhaps I hoped to observe a pocket of blue sky grappling with the smoky clouds, but this day already surrendered to the rain. “There’s nothing left for me to do other than to go and see Rachel,” I said soberly.
“Maybe my apology has come too late,” Leon offered, “but I want you to know how ashamed I feel of my actions.”
“We’ll see what tomorrow brings,” I replied. With my emotions now wholly exhausted, I paced out of Leon’s garage without turning back toward him. Raindrops splattered against my cheeks as I stepped away from the shelter. I had nothing else to say to Leon at the moment. He needed to set his own life in order, and I couldn’t fully explain why I trusted him to do so. A distinct possibility existed that I’d never see Leon again, and this notion caused me to press the backside of my hand against the secured gun. I thought about the bullets still housed in the revolver’s chamber. Why didn’t I shoot Leon? Maybe he was never the true target of my aggression.
Before I immersed my thoughts too deeply in this notion, I watched a V formation of Canada geese flapping across the sky. Although I preferred the loons, the sight of any bird in flight filled me with a sense of ambition. How I wished that I could’ve flown above the perils that hindered my path upon this earth. My hand shifted away from the gun for a moment, and I extended it into my pocket to feel the silver loonie. I clasped the coin as if it was a precious stone serving as a conduit to the magic that once swirled in my heart.
Eventually, I returned to my car to escape the rainfall, but I hardly noticed my saturated clothing in these seconds. Of course, I knew that I couldn’t secure a refuge from my ongoing episodes. I simply reclined in the driver’s seat and waited for my next transference through time.


Chapter 64

4:41 P.M.


Upon awakening, I detected a familiar scent of moistened pine needles pervading the landscape. Few fragrances comforted me more than this woodland’s earthy aroma, and so I meandered among the hickories and evergreens without any urgency in my stride. It was no later than early spring. Most of the trees’ deciduous leaves hadn’t fully emerged, revealing acres of naked pine and birch that looked like marble columns among the darker varieties of spruce. The air of this undetermined forest felt closer to what a northern traveler might’ve associated with the month of March. Despite the season, the full sunlight produced a temperate climate for walking.
As I progressed across this unspoiled landscape, the underbrush eventually thinned and I noticed signs verifying that I hadn’t been the only man to hike here. A trail of boot prints marked the sodden ground ahead of my own. Of course, I already suspected that my purpose here didn’t revolve around admiring the solitude of a sylvan retreat. As I had practiced on my previous adventures, I moved onward, following the imprints of a woodsman who most likely cherished the sanctity of this land as much as I did. Soon thereafter, I crossed a brambly terrain, which might’ve slowed my advance considerably had the ground not already been partially cleared by the individual I now pursued.
After I ascended a natural elevation in the topography, my eyes settled upon a structure of modest proportions. The dwelling, which appeared constructed from axe-hewn pine, a single chimney, and a tightly shingled roof, was no larger than ten feet in length, and perhaps one and a half that size in width. When examining the house at closer range through one of its two large framed windows, I realized that its owner was not at home. The abode’s contents included a cot, a table, and three chairs. My inspection continued outside the grounds, until I ultimately focused on a pond glistening with diamond-colored water. I required no further landmarks within this region to single out my present whereabouts. Throughout my lifetime I had often imagined the tranquility attached to Massachusetts’ most celebrated body of water. At least I now could’ve finally declared that the sight of Walden Pond hadn’t dissatisfied my expectations. I stood in rapt attention as a skein of geese passed overhead and landed on the water’s surface. I presumed that the transcendentalist who constructed a cabin about sixty paces from this pond’s perimeter would’ve surely noticed my arrival by now.
My wait to unite with this hermetic author lasted no longer than it took me to stand on the pond’s pebbled fringes. The man who conducted an experiment in self-sufficiency within this habitat for two years was known as Henry David Thoreau. While still a relatively young man who had not yet passed his thirtieth birthday, he had a somewhat gaunt, weathered face, and was much leaner than I previously imagined. Since I was aware that he welcomed frequent visitors to his cottage—both friends and curious strangers—I didn’t expect to generate too much commotion from him when he noticed me.
Despite his lanky stature, Thoreau looked spiritually nourished by what the land provided for him. He stood in the chilled air well suited for such conditions. Presumably, because I knew about his notions of civil disobedience, I’d have an advantage in any interaction we engaged in. I had no misconceptions about Thoreau’s philosophical finesse; I only hoped to appear reflective for his achievements in unconventional concepts. He certainly influenced me as a younger man, but I obviously ventured here to learn from his experiences rather than laud them.
If Thoreau found anything distracting about my company, I guessed that it derived from my clothing. But before commenting on my foreign attire, his ears seemed to perk from the sides of his derby. The pealing whistle from a nearby train reminded us both that we weren’t too far removed from the society that he intended—at least for twenty-six months—to segregate himself from. In his own words, Thoreau had already chastised the Fitchburg Railroad’s encroachment. By now, I gathered that he had conditioned himself to withhold any impulsive outbursts regarding the train’s interference with his bid for inner harmony. Yet, he cringed at the mere sound of the iron horse as its coal engine belched black plumes of smoke into the morning sky.
“Let them call this progress if they wish,” he hollered while wagging a clenched fist at the coal steamer. For a moment, I suspected that he would’ve ignored me entirely. “Apparently,” he continued, “the four-legged horse isn’t swift enough to get us to our destinations on time. I might not be so offended by this prospect if a good majority of folks explained to me the necessity of rushing from one place to another for their whole lives through.”
In order to realign his thoughts with nature, Thoreau turned his attention back toward Walden Pond. He watched the water’s surface ripple as the train chugged through the woodland’s environs. By the time the cargo train had tracked out of earshot, I found myself positioned beside him. He didn’t acknowledge my presence until I was assertive enough to speak to him directly.
“I’ve always dreamed of living out here in a place like this,” I told him.
“Is there something I’m failing to perceive that’s stopping you from fulfilling your dream, stranger?” he asked.
“Forgive my intrusion, sir,” I resumed. “My name is Corbin Cobbs and I’ve come to find a vision similar to your own.”
“I suppose I’ll show my gratitude for your support after you answer my question,” he remarked.
“What do you want to know?”
“Why haven’t you made a shelter for yourself in the woods if you desire to do so?”
Although I had pondered this scenario long before he asked me, I never verbalized my feelings about it until now. “In many ways, I have always been connected to the woods,” I declared. “Walden Pond reminds me of a lake near my own home. I can’t claim that I’ve lived as simply as you during your stay here, but I believe it’s a curative lifestyle.”
Perhaps my confession sounded rehearsed, and for this reason Thoreau may have assumed that I was placating him. “Are you living in town now?”
“Not in Concord, but my home is similar in its proximity to the woods.”
“So what brings you to Walden Pond?”
“Maybe the expectation of peace and privacy.”
“Then you’re in quest of an illusion, sir,” he said.
Thoreau’s response baffled me initially. After all, hadn’t the days and nights he thus far invested at this site afforded him with the luxury of voluntary solitude? At the very least, I hoped he’d explain his dismissal of what I always maintained as the most essential aspect of his temporary residence on Emerson’s property.
“I suppose Ellery must’ve sent you here to check on my progress,” Thoreau surmised. “If that’s the gist of your sojourn, Mr. Cobbs, you may ensure my friend that all is as it must be. Spring’s coming back to Walden Pond, and my journals are inked margin to margin.”
“I’m glad to know this,” I returned, “but I’m not here to report on your business.” Thoreau paced one step nearer to me, almost so that the pond’s water lapped against his boots. Both of our reflections now cast side-by-side in the clear dark water. A few strands of sunlight creased through a screen of evergreens on the pond’s opposite bank. In this morning’s clarity, the water looked as if it was sheathed in a thin layer of cellophane.
“The water’s fairly deep,” Thoreau assured me, “but as it is with anything worth inspecting, it’s not fathomless.” Without further encouragement, I bent to one knee in the undergrowth beside the pond’s embankment to espy an unobstructed glimpse of my image in the water. Unlike the abolitionist beside me, who hitched his happiness to simplistic endeavors, I saw nothing in my reflection that resembled anything remotely salvageable. In order to avoid any further introspection of my character, I scuttled away from the water. Thoreau already suspected that my visitation to these premises would’ve not endured much longer.
“We only have a short time together,” I confirmed. “As you can plainly see, I’m not a very healthy man.”
“Aren’t we all passing between the seasons of our lives?” Thoreau questioned. “Wouldn’t it be a natural wonder if we could just suspend the springtime of our moments forever?”
“I guess most of us waste a lot of energy wishing for more time. Up until recently, I fooled myself into believing that I had made good use of mine.”
Thoreau’s eyes softened like wet clay as he looked at me. He was an old sage embodied in a young frame. The irony of this observation, of course, was that he was over a decade my junior at this juncture. Age by itself was rarely an accurate indicator of a man’s hold on wisdom. I still hoped to profit from any insight he elected to impart to me.
“I won’t presume to know the type of illness that afflicts you,” he said. “But my intuition tells me that you’re hunting for a wedge of sanctity from a pie set on a sill too lofty for even the most ambitious hands to grasp.”
“Is it too much for me to hope for what you have secured?”
Thoreau threw open his arms, permitting a misty breeze to filter between his calloused fingertips. “If this is the elegance you seek,” he decried, “then it can be obtained for not much more than twenty-eight dollars and change. Oh, I’m certain my friend Ralph wouldn’t be so liberal with the extension of his property without some form of compensation on your behalf, but he’d be flexible for an earnest gentleman.”
“Maybe I’m not being clear,” I remarked. “I’m not aiming to reside here specifically.”
“Too bad for that decision,” Thoreau chortled. “You know, for a fellow who doesn’t know beans about life, you’d certainly have an ample share to harvest on this acreage.”
I appreciated what I didn’t anticipate from this trendsetter, and that was a brand of wry humor not easily deciphered from his prose or poetry. “What you possess,” I then informed him, “is the foresight to understand what others have conveniently ignored. I know what has sickened me, and I’ve watched the woman I love succumb to progression’s false promises. Now I must sift through the wreckage of my marriage in order to rediscover myself.”
My statement spawned no reaction from Thoreau at first. Instead, he focused on a noise in the nearby thicket. Submitting to his curiosity, I turned my head in the same direction as him to examine the source of this disturbance. An unidentified animal with bristled hair scurried into a patch of thick-bladed grass weeping over the pond’s shallow edges.
“There it is,” said Thoreau, excitedly motioning to what I first presumed to be a muskrat. Before I had time to correct myself, the philosopher jogged my memory. “Blasted woodchuck,” he grumbled. “It devoured my strawberries and blackberries last season. Would you brand me as a savage, Mr. Cobbs, if I considered making a meal of that ravager?”
If Thoreau truly sought a response from me, I didn’t feel entitled to provide him with one. He continued to observe the animal as it went about its way. Thoreau never ventured near the woodchuck, of course, but he wanted me to think otherwise. “Had I been hungry,” he mentioned, “I might’ve boiled that little rascal for supper, but for now I’ll keep to beans and rice.”
“I always presumed you were a vegetarian anyway?”
“Not yet, sir. If I don’t become more proficient at farming, I suspect that this forest will soon surrender a fair portion of its native occupants.” Whether or not Thoreau intended for me to take him at his word remained a mystery. When I failed to comment on this matter, he straightened his lips and returned to a more personal topic. “What are you hungering for now?”
“I…I have no appetite,” I replied.
“Ah, but you must. From where I’m standing, I see a famished energy brewing in your eyes. I’d say that your mind is tangled with feelings that rival the densest regions of this forest.”
Thoreau’s perceptiveness didn’t wholly surprise me. I had been impressed by his logic since my youth, and suddenly felt compelled to relay my darkest secrets to him. “I’ve been betrayed,” I announced. “When a wife and friend turn against you, where else does one go to seek refuge?”
My host nodded his head dutifully, while seeming two strides ahead of me in his musings. “Did you venture to my cabin in search for a remedy to this condition?” he inquired.
“I can’t say for sure. In the past, I’ve managed to recover from my setbacks when surrounded by the woods. It’s always given me clarity, and I’m able to concentrate on things that take me away from the pain of reality.”
“There’s no way to exist without experiencing sorrow. Try as we might, we cannot insulate ourselves from our neighbors indefinitely. Our inborn instinct for communication eventually lures us back to the circles within civilization.”
“But aren’t you happier out here in nature by yourself?”
“Mr. Cobbs, I don’t intend to commingle with the birds and trees in isolation forever. Once I prove that I can survive without superfluous materials, my study here will be finished.”
“And what lesson do you hope to take with you after it’s complete?”
“The most basic one,” Thoreau insisted. “In the game of survival, you must rely on yourself more so than anybody else.”
“In that line of thinking, I’ll have no one to blame for my failures but myself,” I muttered.
“Yes,” Thoreau agreed. “Imagine if we all lived in a world where each man acknowledged his own shortcomings? If our society followed such an ethical code, I’m convinced old grudges would soon fade.”
“I don’t know if I’m prepared to do that.”
“None of us are. But if should you manage to do so, you’ll find it easier to leave the forest, knowing, of course, that you may return any time the inclination strikes.”
After Thoreau conveyed this nugget of wisdom to me, he hobbled up a worn trail toward his cabin. I soon followed behind him, realizing that my footsteps traced the same ground conditioned by his boots. He had clearly carved a footpath between the sedge and picker bushes. Half way between the cabin and pond, Thoreau rotated his head slightly to monitor my progress. He wasn’t shocked to see that I failed to diverge from the route he already created.
“All men should find their own way out of the thicket,” he noted. “Never let a heavily trafficked trail lead you astray.” I tinkered with the prospect of jumping outside the boundaries of this path, but remained stationary. Rays of sunlight spilled through the treetops and illuminated my face, providing me with the warmth I so often craved. Thoreau must’ve noticed my hesitation. He stood by watching me, perhaps realizing that I couldn’t shadow his movement much longer. “Are you ready to tread on fresh ground now, Mr. Cobbs?”
“I suppose I am.”
“Then good sailing to you, sir.”
After a few seconds, with my face still tinted by daylight, I exhaled a breath and declared in near reverie, “I’ll follow the sun from here, Mr. Thoreau.”
“The morning star is always a good starting point, and perhaps an equally effective ending point,” he remarked casually. “However, I hope you’ll discover something closer to home to enlighten you in your travels.”
I might’ve followed him longer because I’m certain Thoreau had more to teach me. But rather than pursue any more knowledge from him directly, I returned to the pond to study my reflection in its surface. Where does true happiness lie? Does it come unexpectedly to an occupied man, as Thoreau once mused, like a butterfly settling upon his shoulder? I searched deeper into the water’s rippled edges, while dreading the weary eyes staring back at me. A humbling thought then struck me like a thunderbolt. What if my best days had passed me by? Hadn’t I already squandered years trying to rekindle the lost enchantment of childhood? Was it even possible to retrace the trails of my youth and expect to find them as they once were?
Long before my encounter with Henry David Thoreau, his most famous memoir taught me something important about lofty dreams. He encouraged such enterprises, but he also noted that people failed at achievement when they had no foundation beneath their floating palaces. By this hour, most of my groundwork had crumbled and submerged into Walden Pond’s churning undercurrents. My journey was coming to an end. I wanted to believe that my heart was cured, and this water served as a serum to purify my mind. But as the woods became blurry before my eyes, I couldn’t yet claim emancipation from the disease that escorted me here.


Chapter 65

4:44 P.M.


Raindrops deflected off my car’s windshield and guided me back into consciousness. A glimpse of Leon Chase’s home reminded me of my feat a few minutes ago, but I still wondered if I had made a prudent choice. Did Leon even deserve a chance to buffer the severity of his conduct when he informed his wife? If I had more time to debate the matter, I might’ve altered my itinerary. But in spite of my conflicting opinions, I already promised him amnesty for one evening. I therefore allowed my eyes to drift to the passenger’s seat again; this time they leveled upon the journal. Perhaps now would’ve been a prime moment to pen a few of my raw, unmitigated feelings onto a blank page.
I then clasped my journal in both hands, angling the book’s spine just under my chin. The journal’s leather cover felt smooth and crisp beneath my fingertips, and a scent of fresh wood pulp permeated from its unruffled center. I fanned the book’s pages under my nose, which might’ve appeared peculiar to anyone who didn’t appreciate such agreeable smells. However, I gathered that from all of my quirky habits, my obsession with this aroma was an innocuous observance to others. Yet I also knew very well that I was stalling, for I realized the relevance of my penultimate destination today. After a few seconds I set the journal back on the seat next to my cell-phone. It was impossible for me to look at this device without casting a wicked thought toward my wife.

Surprisingly, my phone’s screen displayed evidence of Rachel’s trepidation. Seven missed calls and five text messages didn’t persuade me to move anymore quickly, however. I presumed she—like everyone else in town—had heard about the murder at school, and maybe she even contemplated my involvement. I planned to let her stew a bit longer, not quite as long as she made me wait for the truth, of course, but for enough time to let her sense my resentment toward her disloyalty. My decision to do this wasn’t purely vindictive. I believed that my unannounced arrival home would’ve spawned a genuine reaction from Rachel. She wouldn’t have time to rehearse her expression, and I’d be able to intercept her feelings before they became tainted by pretense.
Eventually, after sensing the protrusion still tucked beneath my shirt, I returned my concentration to the gun. I wondered why I felt a need to carry the weapon at all. Had I truly intended to wield it, wouldn’t I have already done so in the presence of Leon? He managed to save himself by once saving me, but what about Rachel? I have no story to recount where she ever protected me. If anything, she had calculatingly aimed to undo me as man. I shook compulsively at the prospect of committing an unthinkable act.
Before this morning I don’t think anyone would’ve described me as remotely obsessive. In fact, those most familiar with my temperament might’ve classified me as the antithesis of that ugly trait. In the past, I routinely avoided situations that induced stress. Prior to the symptoms of my illness, even my wife commented on my immunity to the majority of life’s tribulations. None of those assessments mattered anymore. Admittedly, I had become skeptical of almost any detail that loaned itself to interpretation.
As I hunched behind my car’s steering wheel, I glanced at my reflection in the rearview mirror. Outside the curb near Leon’s driveway, a murder of crows converged on a fallen sparrow. I watched these sable-winged scavengers peck rapaciously at the carrion feast. I recalled Shakespeare’s words in Hamlet, but there was no divine providence in sight. I couldn’t help but to preview these crows as harbingers to calamities yet to come. Regardless if I was right or wrong in this estimation, my placement here was no longer necessary. After a few seconds, I started my car and drove away, but not without deliberately craning my neck to watch the crows quarrel like harpies stripping Phineus of all his provisions.
The late afternoon’s grayness didn’t improve my mood as I navigated back toward Willows Edge. My car’s headlights projected a hollow amber light upon the asphalt, creating a glare that caused me to veer off the roadway slightly. From the moment I turned onto the adjoining street to my home, my thoughts of Rachel intensified. Despite my bitterness, I attempted to recall fond remembrances of my wife. Most of these memories transported me back to Lake Endelman, where the woman I adored once caressed my hand with her own. In those authentic moments of bliss, we absorbed the essence of unpolluted love.
Even childish forms of recreation fulfilled us both. The simple act of skipping stones across the lake’s surface with Rachel at my side had import now. I once believed that our ease and fervency for one another would’ve remained as unadulterated as this water forever. But like all reflections rippling on this sanctuary’s surface, our images distorted with the colorless shades of night. Now, with the evening of my existence upon me, I quivered with regret at the realization of those bygone days. When had we flung the final stone together? In a sense, our hearts failed to beat with effortless vibrations. As all things denser than water must do, the stone plunged into the depths to discover a realm of untold secrecy. Such was the mark of most loves lost.
Rachel’s passion for me had long since vanished, leaving only the undulations of purer times veiled beneath the common loons’ passageway. I envisioned Rachel in our bed, embraced by her new lover, prepping for dreams that lured her farther away from the stale currents of marriage. Had she already meandered with Leon along the trails surrounding Lake Endelman? Had they enlaced fingers and flicked stones as we had once done? Had she yet sat upon my rock beside him and watched the willow tree’s limbs shimmer in the fading sunlight? Only the lake knew of these things. The idea of Rachel making love to another man soured my stomach. I tasted acrid bits of bile on my tongue. I pictured her giggling at the prospect of sullying our sheets with another man’s sweat. Reflexively, I lowered my hands from the steering wheel and adjusted the gun’s handle against my waist. After touching the weapon, I anticipated silencing my wife’s laughter. A toxin as lethal as cobra venom surged through my arteries during these seconds, and I almost convulsed with prohibited pleasure at the notion of her demise.
Then, after reaching within a thousand feet from my house on Overlook Avenue, I witnessed an unlikely sight. At first, I presumed my eyes had created an optical illusion between the raindrops. But even with the glare of headlights obscuring my view, I noticed the school’s custodian standing amidst the torrents or rain. My foot tapped anxiously on the brake, slowing my Volkswagen to a standstill. If I wished to prove my eyes inaccurate, this action didn’t satisfy the peculiarity. The man’s presence was irrefutable. As always, he leaned casually on his broom’s handle, seemingly unaffected by the inclement weather. He had somehow managed to follow me into my neighborhood.
Naturally, I was baffled by his tenacious pursuit. To my memory, the custodian had no previous knowledge of my home’s location. Maybe I had inadvertently mentioned it to him today in one of our conversations. Although I had no further need or patience for his homilies, I couldn’t simply drive past the man without dissecting his motivations. One way or another, I sought to put an end to his harassment. In order to achieve this objective, I pulled my car over to the curb and summoned his attention.
By the time I shifted the vehicle into neutral, however, the custodian decided to walk in the opposite direction. Was this just a childish game to him? What could’ve he expected from me now? Rage boiled in my bloodstream as I scanned both sides of the street. I surmised that the artful dodger had taken refuge behind a hedge or sycamore tree. It then occurred to me that the custodian knew about the stolen gun, and he had obviously tracked me here as doggedly as a bloodhound on a quail’s scent. I continued my chase by snapping the car’s gearshift into reverse and backing up, but by the time I angled my Beetle around the corner, the custodian was gone. It didn’t seem likely that he could’ve traversed more than twenty paces in any direction, but the pavement and sidewalks showed no evidence of his whereabouts.
Not to be outdone by the custodian’s stealthy maneuvering, I coasted up the adjacent street, searching between a few parked vehicles alongside my neighbors’ yards. My methodical search didn’t bring me any closer to him. I then wondered if he already knew of my house’s precise address; if this was the case, he could’ve very well made headway toward it now. It may have been an irrational assumption on my part, but I believed he wanted to converse with my wife prior to my arrival. The speed of my car increased with my rapid heartbeat. As I gradually exceeded the posted 25-mile-per-hour limit, a few curtains shifted in the houses’ windows aligning Overlook Ave.
The rain’s velocity made it impractical for me to drive too heedlessly, and the diminished visibility hindered me from spotting the custodian. In an effort for me to improve my chances of finding him, I parked my car across from a dead end street. Even if he proved clever enough to avoid detection for the time being, I didn’t imagine that he had the agility to outrun a vehicle once he came into plain view.
As I listened to the sound of my car’s idling engine, my eyes drifted to the left. In the distance, I noticed a lone female figure hobbling purposely up the puddle-ridden walkway. Her gray umbrella and raincoat served as telltale signs to her identity. I doubted that even a typhoon would’ve dissuaded Cora Hart from walking her cotton-pelted Pomeranians around the block. Since the sly-eyed widow missed virtually nothing, I imagined she already noticed my erratic driving, and the fact that I had parked on the wrong side of the street. Maybe it would’ve been wiser for me to just drive away, but my decision to do so was ultimately compromised by a familiar deterrent.
Once again, I sensed perspiration swelling to my skin’s surface, further dampening my already saturated clothing. If I planned to avoid Cora’s interrogation by leaning my foot on the gas pedal, it seemed like a fruitless prospect now. Moreover, I didn’t have any strength remaining in my body to resist this forthcoming episode, and so it seemed foolhardy to pretend otherwise. I presently felt as if I was drowning in the waves of a storm-lashed sea. Nothing within my power would’ve preserved a safe haven for me any longer.


Chapter 66

4:58 P.M.


The hardwood planks on which I awakened rocked as if cradled by a matronly hand. After a moment of inspection, I realized that I was positioned on a weathered quarterdeck of an archaic sailing vessel. A spillage of morning sunlight illuminated the ebony-hulled ship, along with its three masts. Based on the temperate winds blowing from southeastern skies, I guessed the claw-shaped frigate’s route had taken a course through a mild expanse of the Pacific Ocean. Once gathering my sensibilities, I devoted more attention to the deck’s ominous décor. It all appeared sinister by design. My eyes were rudely greeted by the remnants of whalebone and teeth mantled to almost every board and rail along the interior bulwark. These pendants of Cetacean slaughter ranged from years to month in their arrangements, evidenced most tellingly by the discoloration of a lower jawbone near the tiller.
Although I never before fathomed that I was prepared to endure such a harrowing adventure at sea, I couldn’t mistake my current predicament as anything less arduous. Suddenly, I became an unlikely stowaway alongside the ill-fated sailors aboard The Pequod. I wondered if anyone other than the monomaniacal captain of this expedition yet realized the fateful end of this tale. Soon, I suspected, the wool-colored leviathan would not be deterred from a confrontation with its natural enemy.
At this juncture into the exploration, the emerald tides lapped at the boat methodically, belying the terror that would’ve soon engulfed these 19th century mariners. I often heard yarns of the ocean’s tepidness just before it unleashed a furious assault onto all those who dared to trespass upon it. Of course, I already presumed that there was only one individual on this craft who served as an augury to my journey. I didn’t suspect that the Nantucket whaler’s tyrannical commander would’ve extended a moment of his innermost burden to me, but his descent into retribution seemed essential for me to ponder. Because of the early hour and the rigors of this excursion, most of the crew hadn’t yet ventured from their sleeping quarters below deck. This provided me with the freedom to search the ship for the elusive Captain Ahab, who occasionally loomed from his cabin as almost a spectral presence among the living.
Soon after stepping along the wrinkled boards beneath my feet, I witnessed a few brawny men going about their chores with the regimentation of an experienced team. If they noticed my position, none of them bothered to acknowledge it. When I was almost ready to abandon my search, I recognized one of the captain’s personal harpooners leaning over the port rail. He seemed preoccupied with his gaze on the gilded waves as they burst in milky pitches against the ship’s battered hull. This man’s sable clothing glistened in the sunlight like wet onyx. Like my own attire, he was dressed unusually compared to the other shipmates.
When he pivoted unexpectedly away from the banister that kept him from plunging headlong into the frothy sea, I captured a glimpse of his swart face. One gleaming white tooth protruded from his upper lip, and his skin looked glazed by the binnacle’s light. Other than his Middle Eastern features, I identified this man by the way his blanch hair was knotted in the form of a turban atop his head. Ahab hired this seer for his own security, but it was obvious that he didn’t blend within the ranks of these salty seadogs. I suspected the Parsee, also known as Fedallah, hadn’t fretted over this disconnection. His sole function seemed reserved for keeping vigilance over Ahab.
Just beyond the main mast, where the try-works erected between the foremast and mainmast, I witnessed another man examining the ship’s leeway not far from where Fedallah studied the ocean’s sun-dappled waves. After monitoring this imposing figure from the twenty feet that still divided us on the deck, I knew I had located Ahab. Who else but this embittered captain limped with such an unbalanced gait across the dented planks? Ahab’s ivory leg—fashioned from a sperm whale’s jaw—had already been replaced by a less appealing appendage carved from a carpenter’s saw. From this observation I gathered that I had involuntarily joined their ranks on the morning before the first of three encounters with Ahab’s colossal adversary, better known to those of seafaring lore as Moby Dick. If ever there was immeasurable hatred projected onto one living creature to another, the delusional commander couldn’t be bested.
As I recalled, Ahab stood like a bronze guardian as he patrolled a quarterdeck perfumed by ambergris. I imagined him no less formidable in his quest than Talos protecting Europa from a band of marauding pirates. Yet I also surveyed agony discharging from a sea-scorched face. Much of his regality was stripped away by the corrosiveness often hinged to vengeance. Nearly forty years of navigation atop the merciless pitch of this world’s oceans had chopped at his skin like a Pequot tribesman’s tomahawk. What remained was a wizened and gnarly visage, framed in corkscrews of mottled locks. Even while postured in direct sunlight, a silvery glint hung over his brow as if he sported a knight’s visor. Beyond this, I discerned one prominent feature that no one dared to interrogate him with aloud. A keloid bulged from his jaw line and marred his skin like a pale bolt of lightning down the side of his neck.
While looking at him, I sensed an almost surreal trepidation swelling within me like a tidal wave. Perhaps I already knew too much about this man to suppress my fear when in his company. Although I inherently despised the captain, I still espied a piece of myself etched in the hollowness of his eyes. Of course, I realized that Ahab’s notorious foe was not the beast he hunted more than it was his own hubris. By the time I anchored the nerve to approach Ahab by the ship’s rail, his eyes had cast toward the billowy tides. Even with his concentration cemented on the water, he must’ve distinguished my footsteps creaking on the weathered deck.
I now stood fewer than ten feet away from the disgruntled captain. At closer range, I realized that Ahab’s external scars served as a veneer to the torment inhabited beneath his flesh. He wore no captain’s cap because that headpiece became the keepsake of a black hawk’s talons. Fedallah, who stood curiously aloof nearby, continued to watch the churning waters with an odd contentment, almost resembling an ever-present shadow. This harpooner’s peculiar nature permitted me to approach the rail beside Ahab uncontested. For a few seconds, I observed the ocean as it lapped like a spangled blanket at the vessel’s hull. If I wasn’t mindful, I might’ve slipped into the same reverie as the man I pursued. The ocean’s gentle symphony often lulled sailors into a sense of fallacious security.
Once the silence lingered for too long between us, Ahab jutted his chin toward the horizon. A scattering of skeleton-white heron framed an azure sky. He surveyed these birds as they danced between ribbons of light, causing their plumage to ignite like that of the Phoenix. Although I deemed it as a rare occurrence, and perhaps even a mirage, I thought I perceived a half-smile alter the captain’s bloodless lips. Maybe he found my modest stature amusing, and certainly not conditioned for the business of hunting a sperm whale. Before risking the loss of his attention completely, I elected to address him.
“Captain Ahab, I believe you’re the man I’ve come to see.” If this grizzled-hair captain displayed any hint of mirth in my direction, it disappeared like a breadcrumb swallowed by rising surf. He refused to lean in my direction and kept his raw-knuckled fingers latched around the ship’s bulwark like knotted ropes. At last, just before I thought his vexation had consumed his conscience yet again, he acknowledged my visitation.
“Avast,” he grumbled in a voice that sounded far older than his fifty-eight years of life. “Blabbering mates hast oft come to see me, sir, but unless there’s some account on the whereabouts of the infernal parmacetty, I doubt ye shalt keep my attention rapt.”
It would’ve been a simple and unkind lie for me to inform Ahab that I had acquired some secret skill at tracking the nemesis that devoured his leg. But in truth, not even those who most devoutly perused the White Whale’s history fully understood its motivations. I only wished to tap into the diseased mind of the man who hunted it so tenaciously. The captain’s attention gradually drifted back toward the saltwater as if tugged by a scrap of iron to a loadstone. It then occurred to me that Ahab was a prisoner to this watery tomb; perhaps he had already conceptualized his inevitable sepulcher beneath the briny waves. While preoccupied in what I presumed to be a meditative trance, Ahab spoke again.
“Ye didn’t board my ship in the port of Nantucket,” he mused, proving that if he revealed any signs of obliviousness, it was merely a ruse.
“You’re correct, sir,” I confessed.
“Aye. Let it never be uttered that I hast lost sight of my own crew. By Jove, I’d spot a foreign fleck of white upon the water two miles out just as readily.”
“I’m not here to challenge your wit. The others who sail at your command have reminded me of that.”
“Others? I pray thee, whom doth spout a syllable of praise in my direction?”
“Ishmael,” I replied, hoping to pacify his curiosity.
“Ye call him Ishmael if thou wish,” the captain said, “but I suppose there’s too many sea hands for me to mark every name to memory, but faces I shalt not soon forget.” Ahab angled his head slightly to glance at Fedallah on one side of the deck before he spoke again. “Thou must’ve jumped aboard my ship during a gam. Shouldst I be so bold to guess which one?” My peace was the only permission he required to proceed. “Thou couldst hail from the Jeroboam.”
“That’s a logical guess, Captain, but it was during the gam with the Rachel.”
“Aye, and what is thou name, sailor?”
“Cobbs.”
Ahab straightened his posture as much as his crooked body cooperated. He then pivoted away from the rail completely and forwarded a telling scowl. Even minus the foresight of another seaman’s travelogue, he perceived my infirmities. I certainly didn’t look like a man who had the discipline necessary to extract blubber and spermaceti from whales, let alone combat Ahab’s ignoble tormentor on the open sea.
“Thou art greener than the Indian Ocean,” he said. “Don’t tell me the Fates hast delivered ye to my ship for thy preliminary expedition.”
“I’m not a whaler,” I told him plainly. “I’ve never killed anything for either profit or sport.”
“On this ship, Mr. Cobbs,” said the captain, gritting his teeth, “ye fortune will change. When sunlight falls upon the waves, thou shalt turn ivory to crimson.”
“With respect, sir, I don’t wish to harm the White Whale.” To reveal such words to Ahab was tantamount to mutiny, but I wasn’t bound by the limitations of the Pequod’s planks. In fact, I knew that I’d intentionally agitate Ahab’s sensibilities with my confession. Surprisingly, he remained reposed for a man with such an odious reputation. I attributed this interlude of composure to the sea’s cadence, which sometimes cast a languid spell upon all those who distinguished its harmony in clement climes.
Yet even while incubated in these seconds of tranquil reflection, I knew about a wild tempest that roiled beneath the captain’s tattered countenance. As it was with the currents on which we sailed upon, all of perils to come hadn’t yet emerged. The icy chips at the center of Ahab’s eyes reminded me of the tips of icebergs; the bulk of these frigid masses remained blanketed beneath the surface. I wasn’t naïve to the point of confusing his muteness with any display of compassion. Although I didn’t view him as wholly diabolical, rancor had devoured this man’s core as stealthily as a pernicious cancer. Now, with eyes as cutting and slick as a mincer’s blade, Ahab diced deeper into my conscience. Perhaps he detected a semblance of my own bid for retribution.
“Ye may not have the instinct to kill for another man’s cause,” Ahab surmised, “but a hankering in thy eyes hints to an affliction similar to my own.”
Had this depraved captain truly uncovered my darkest inclinations? I was terrified by the prospect of punishing those who wronged me, but I couldn’t discount the possibility entirely. Until now, few individuals had managed to probe the murkiness of my eyes; this was where I always concealed my forbidden identity.
“I’m not so different from you after all,” I uttered to the captain. “My own quest for revenge has led me to this expedition. And just as you, I feel myself being tugged beneath the miry currents.”
“’Tis what I expected, Mr. Cobbs. But since ye hath come to seek my company, thou might yet be able to crack the links that anchor ye to such a fatal dissolution.”
“How could you hope to solve my problem, Captain Ahab, when you suffer from the same strife?”
“Aye, but who better to look into another man’s soul than one who gazes with a similar eye? Since madness stirs thy movement like a typhoon once whirled my ship, I shalt impart what I know of thee.”
Before this encounter I had always assessed Ahab as a maniacal creation whose own hubris became the true consequence of his sorrow. But suddenly, while positioned on the oily deck beside this maligned character, I sensed an indistinct vulnerability. Whether I wanted to heed to this beleaguered captain’s advice or not didn’t dissuade me from absorbing his words.
“Thou hast a wife at home,” he declared, “and just as mine waits for my passage home, ye own yearns for thy sight again.”
“It is true that I have a wife,” I replied, “but it’s unlikely that she cares for my safety.”
“Now we submerge deeper through the gloomy fathoms,” said Ahab.
Even if I sought to screen the details of my past from the captain, it would’ve been a futile ambition. I then decided to verbalize what Ahab already dissected as adeptly as one of his crewmen slicing Bible leaves from of a whale’s carcass. “The woman I love has betrayed me,” I lamented. “There are many paths I could’ve taken on my journey, but it seems I am now on the same course as you.”
Ahab cast his steely eyes away from me momentarily, eventually settling his gaze on the horizon. Out here on the sea, nothing but the heaving folds of water was visible. The grooves in his cheeks opened like the gulls of dying fish as he squinted into the morning’s sunlight. Every drop of water appeared peppered with gilded pellets. If what lurked within this ocean was clearly an enemy to Ahab, I couldn’t presently identify its whereabouts.
“Mark this as an infallibility, Mr. Cobbs,” he informed me. “The men of my vessel have chosen the sea as a means to survive on land. But my situation bends another way. I wouldst sooner hack off my good leg before trading what menace awaits me. I envy men like you who still hast freedom. Cobbs, let not ye end be as inescapable as mine. Go to thy wife without a harpoon in hand. If there is yet a thread of decency to mend the sail and save the mast, ye shalt not hesitate to do so.”
“But I do, sir. Just as you refuse to listen to Starbuck, who has begged you to turn your back on the White Whale, I can’t pretend that I’m any nobler than you.”
“As I already informed thee, who better than a fool to recognize a jester in his midst? Art thou prepared to permit my Moby Dick to become thy own?”
“Maybe I am already too far immersed in my own hatred.”
“All men must meet their doom, but the majority need not be burdened by the route in which the will advance to it. I live and shalt die with but one regret, Mr. Cobbs, and that is the chance that my pulse might endure one beat longer than my infernal foe’s bloodless heart. Find the cure to what sickens ye or thou shalt be remembered as I.”
For a few seconds I stood beside the defiant captain. Despite my attempts to draw his vision back to me, he would not answer my queries again. I, too, stood reposed in silent anticipation, while watching the waves lap against the Pequod’s blackened hull. The white birds were now absent from the sky. I then considered the immensity of the ocean, and how thoroughly it towed the particles of men into obscurity. The untamed sea had no conscience, and no reason to forgive our transgressions. And as Ishmael had astutely recorded from atop Queequeg’s coffin, it buried the memories of yesterday and tomorrow without prejudice. I now had to resume my journey into the regions of reality where not even the deepest oceans could’ve consumed the anguish churning within me.


Chapter 67

5:01 P.M.


What I first perceived as the patter of rainfall against my car’s windshield turned out to be something else entirely. It shouldn’t have startled me to discover Cora Hart standing outside my vehicle, rapping her liver-spotted knuckles on the driver’s door in an effort to beckon me from my spell. I wondered how much she already observed before I regained consciousness. Judging by her confounded stare, I presumed she witnessed far more than I preferred.
At least the gun was still secured beneath my clothing, and the car windows remained partially fogged, thereby limiting the busybody’s meddling inspection. Even still, my behavior warranted a hiatus in her routine, and her yapping dogs didn’t improve the aftereffects of my lingering headache. After my disorientation subsided, I rolled down the window and acknowledged her presence. Perhaps I smiled lackadaisically at the lady because this offering’s insincerity motivated no reciprocation from her side.
Mrs. Hart kept a tentative eye on my mannerisms, while maintaining taut leashes on both of her irritating (and now drenched) pets. Her eyes narrowed as she leaned closer toward the open window. Obviously, my wan appearance alarmed her considerably, but the fact that I looked as though I was sleeping with the Beetle’s sunroof open during a rainstorm caused her the most concern.
“Corbin?” she asked quizzically.
“Good afternoon, Mrs. Hart,” I replied. An awkward adjustment of my shirt did nothing to derail her curiosity.
“I thought that was your car backing up on the wrong side of the street,” she complained. “And, if I might add, you were driving quite erratically.”
“You’re right,” I conceded. “It’s been a long day.”
The elderly woman then jutted her face closer to mine, nearly stretching her wrinkled neck inside my car in the process. I guessed that she had acquired a knack for picking up scents of alcohol, or at the very least, imagining such an odor. “Have you been drinking?”
“No, but that doesn’t sound like such a bad idea at this point.”
“Your clothing,” she mentioned, “is soaked. And you don’t look very well.”
If I expected Cora Hart to demonstrate tact, I might’ve waited longer than she prayed for a house visit from the Pope. Apparently, she hadn’t yet heard about the circumstances at Ravendale High School. This possibility struck me as miraculous, since the woman typically reported on current events while they were still blossoming from gossipers’ lips. If this was the case, I didn’t intend on broaching this subject now.
“I was on my way home,” I said, stalling to organize a legitimate excuse for my behavior. In this instance, the truth was my best option. “I thought I saw someone I work with standing on the street corner. Maybe you noticed him during your walk. He was dressed in gray overalls and holding a broom.”
Cora motioned to her umbrella, which served as the sole canopy from the persistent rain. “I didn’t see anybody who fits that description,” she proclaimed. “And why on earth would any man be carrying a broom in the middle of a storm?”
“That’s a good question,” I returned. “Anyway, that’s why I pulled over on the side of the road. He’s been following me around all day.”
“You’re not making any sense.”
“I guess I’m not.”
“Would you like to try another excuse?”
I now cast an expression at the surly woman that was intended to project my sorrow and impatience. “Look, Mrs. Hart, I don’t mean to be rude, but I already told you that it’s been a long, grueling day for me. I really just want to be left alone.” Any other person with common sense would’ve regarded this confession as a sufficient warning and promptly dashed away, but Cora suffered from a delusional form of altruism that caused her to believe she had a remedy for every crisis known to mankind.
“I know very well what’s going on here,” she insisted. “Your behavior has something to do with what I told you about your wife this morning, doesn’t it?”
“Forget about it. You just informed me about what I already suspected anyway. Now I need to get home and straighten things out with Rachel.”
“I didn’t mean to cause you any pain, Corbin, but I wanted to preserve the integrity of this neighborhood. And you had a right to know the truth.”
“Yes,” I said compliantly. “You’ve done a fine job patrolling these streets.” I hoped that my voice didn’t sound too condescending, but she didn’t look very enthusiastic to honor to my request. Since she didn’t react to my subtle body language, I leaned against the steering wheel and gripped my forehead with my fingers. This emphasis on my fragile condition didn’t persuade her to move away from me along with her yapping dogs anymore quickly. Rather than resort to belligerence, I elected to preserve the trace of civility that remained between us.
“I really appreciate you checking up on me,” I said. “But, other than my headache, I think I’m going to be okay.” My hand was already rolling up the car’s window before I finished speaking. Cora, of course, was not accustomed to relinquishing the last word to someone else in any line of communication. Before I managed to shut the window completely, she wedged the tip of her umbrella between the glass and the door’s frame.
“Just a minute,” she insisted. “I wasn’t quite finished talking to you.”
I reversed the window and shifted uncomfortably toward the door. The rainfall continued to pour from the sky, but even the sight of her waterlogged Pomeranians didn’t encourage her to seek shelter. “Your dogs don’t sound too happy,” I reminded her. “Maybe we can resume our chat another day when it’s a bit nicer outside.”
Cora then jerked the dog’s leashes as if they were the reins to two Clydesdale horses. “Typee and Omoo aren’t afraid of water,” she contended. “They can handle the rain, but I’m more worried about what you’re prepared to handle, Corbin.”
I sometimes wondered if this old lady still imagined me as a ten-year-old boy playing in her backyard’s tomato garden. While I occasionally recognized her intentions as charitable, it was impossible to overlook how she often harbored ulterior strategies of purification for the residents of Willows Edge. My voice became sterner when I reaffirmed my position. “Leave me alone now, Mrs. Hart. It’s not a good time for us to talk.”
“I know you think I’m a nosy spinster,” she decried, “but if you weren’t inclined to be so judgmental, you might listen to what I have to say.”
“I’ve always listened to you,” I countered. “However, that’s a problem for another day.”
“Listening without taking a noticeable action on the matter is the same as ignoring me.”
I was afraid that any prolonged dialogue between us would’ve devolved into a one-sided sermon on the mistakes I made throughout my life. In her own mind, Cora had developed the powers to detect evil as if she carried a divining rod instead of an umbrella. Right now, in her mind, I must’ve looked like the poster child for mortal debauchery.
“Ever since your mother died, you’ve been floating around like a hunk of driftwood in the tide,” she proclaimed. “I promised Norma that I’d try to guide your happiness, Corbin, but for as long as you continue to reject the Lord’s way, your purgatory will be eternal.”
I thought about rolling my eyes at the absurdity of her statement, but this action would’ve likely caused me to appear increasingly demonic to the woman. Of course, I realized that Cora Hart refused to separate a single action from the Bible’s teachings. I couldn’t pretend to agree with her overzealous pitch for organized prayer, and I needed her to understand this. “I don’t want to talk about religion with you ever again,” I declared.
“That’s precisely how I’d expect a heathen to respond,” she returned matter-of-factly. “But I’d be neglecting my duties as a servant to my savior if I let you bob away so easily.”
“Don’t do this now,” I beseeched her. When I stared at her face again, her head seemed framed in an ashen halo. “I’m not such a bad person, am I, Mrs. Hart?”
“Perhaps not yet,” she mused, “but you’re vulnerable. I’ve known you a long time, and I watched you grow up even when you thought I wasn’t watching. Your mother, God rest her soul, bragged to everyone at the church that you were going to be a famous author someday. She wanted that to happen for you so badly. I know you wished for her to live long enough to see you become a successful writer.”
As Cora spoke, my eyes swayed toward the journal beside me on the passenger’s seat. I clamped my hands around the steering wheel as if trying to condense it to the diameter of a spaghetti strand. A burning sensation singed my eyes, causing me to twitch with emotions I barely revisited anymore. My body’s shivering became clearly visible to the old woman now. Although she detected my sorrow, it didn’t prevent her from proceeding with her oration.
“God’s insight may seem like an inconvenient chore for you to undertake right now, but what do you think will become of your life if you don’t pursue spiritual intervention?”
When I swung my head back toward the old lady, my eyes pooled with tears. I’m not certain if her words stirred such a reaction within me, but I still defied her counseling. “You’re talking to the wrong person,” I snapped. “This lecture might’ve worked better if you gave it to my wife when you first started noticing Leon Chase’s car in my driveway.”
Cora’s face deflated momentarily, but she had no intention of retracting her point. “What’s done cannot be changed,” she said sedately. “But it’s not too late to make a difference. As a matter of fact, I’ve gotten to you at a time when it matters most. I can’t say for certain that Rachel and you will ever be able to mend your marriage, but I do know that you will be unable to achieve such a goal without God at your side.”
“Why must you always preach this dogma to me, Mrs. Hart? Is that the only way you can cope with all the terrible things that happen to people?”
“Do you have a better plan, Corbin?”
Normally, I might’ve had a curt retort to such a question, but my thoughts came up as vacant as a heretic’s prayer book. In the meantime, Cora removed her umbrella from my car’s window. I quickly sealed up the opening and attempted to drive away, but a stomp on the Beetle’s gas pedal produced no acceleration. The engine sputtered and then kicked off with an unceremonious thud. After inspecting my car’s dashboard, I realized that I had forgotten to put fuel in the tank. “Out of gas,” I huffed, realizing that Murphy’s Law seemed as authentic to me as any faith on this day. Of course, Cora must’ve interpreted my misfortune as a harbinger from a higher power.
Since I was well within walking distance to my house, this registered as only a minor setback. Without further contemplation, I nudged open the car’s door and stepped out into the rain beside Cora and her white shadows. She was prudent enough to shift her stance three steps away from the curb. But the menacing dogs barked incessantly. In my haste, I realized that I had clutched my journal in one hand. I might’ve returned the booklet to my car to avoid getting it wet, but the rain suddenly stopped. A split in the storm clouds provided me with a temporary refuge, but I couldn’t resist mocking Cora Hart’s likely elucidation.
“You see,” I remarked sardonically, “this is a sign from above that things are looking brighter for me already.” A sliver of sunlight then pierced the leaden sky. Not even Cora Hart could’ve manufactured the next event in a timelier fashion. Just beyond the rooftops along the adjoining street, a faint rainbow arched between the blotchy clouds. “If I was a superstitious man,” I continued, “I’d be able to look at that rainbow and view it as a symbol of hope. But my practicality forbids it. I know that a rainbow is nothing more than an optical illusion. Some people waste their entire lives stooped over and mumbling prayers to objects they can’t see. I don’t intend to be like any of them.”
“So that’s the basis of your agnosticism—what you can’t see isn’t truly there? I suppose that’s the same as believing that the stars in heaven aren’t really present when the sun is shining.”
“We’re not going to convince each other to change, Mrs. Hart.”
“Only one of us needs to change direction, Corbin. Your spiritual compass is broken.”
“So be it. I’ve made it this far without anyone’s help.”
“We both know that’s untrue.”
For now, it was better for my purposes to disregard whatever else Cora Hart wished to impart. I had already permitted her to squander too much of my shortened supply of time. My intended farewell amounted to little more than a wave from my hand. I then turned away from Cora and started up the street toward my house. I only managed to dodge three puddles underfoot before noticing another assemblage of crows plucking worms from a sparsely seeded lawn parallel to me. “Another sign,” I snickered incredulously. Then, in a moment of sheer spontaneity, I shouted toward Cora, “Just what I needed to see—more crows.” For a moment the woman glared at me as if I had just committed a cardinal sin; several seconds passed before she let me know what I failed to recognize.
“Those aren’t crows, Corbin Cobbs,” the old woman fumed. “I would presume that a man who dallied in the woods for half of his life would be able to discern one species of bird from another. Those winged creatures are ravens, and if I wasn’t such a gullible old bird myself I might not be inclined to see them as dark omens yet to come.”
My decision to eschew Cora’s correction only served to hasten my progress toward home. After submitting to my curiosity, however, I turned back once to watch the lady. She looked like a black pillar in the muted sunlight. Her white minions scampered within their limited range, entangling leashes as they splashed puddles over Cora’s pointed boots. If she had decided to unleash those wooly pests, I’m sure they would’ve chased me up the road while nipping at my heels.
Even before leaving Cora Hart standing on the street, I already knew that I wasn’t going to make it back to my house without another interruption. Predictably, within one block from my front door, I encountered yet another spell of vertigo. In this instance, I resisted the onset of an episode, but it was futile endeavor on my part to circumvent what couldn’t be controlled. I managed to lurch my way to the roots of an old live oak that had grown through the sidewalk’s fissures long ago. The tree prevented me from tumbling into the road, and I was grateful to embrace its trunk as if it was a life raft on the open water.
As it always happened, my eyesight started to dim, but it remained intact long enough for me to observe another figure watching me from across the road. The custodian surveyed my predicament passively, strangely apathetic to my current turmoil. At that moment, I was too fatigued to yell out to him for assistance, but I wondered what he wanted from me now. Instead of staggering away from the tree to confront him, I leaned in closer to the oak; its wet bark smelled earthy and pure. In three minutes, I’d be awake again, and perhaps able to reach Rachel. But despite the current proximity to my home, I suddenly felt as though I roamed a thousand miles away from any familiar landmark.


Chapter 68

5:16 P.M.


Sulfurous fumes engulfed my nostrils now, and it scorched my eyes to stare directly into this opaque curtain. With my field of vision dramatically reduced, any progress I managed to make became an arduous enterprise. To counteract my limited range of perception, I used my hands as hesitantly as a blind man touching this world’s unknown mysteries. With my arms extended on either side of me, I inched forward as if teetering on a suspended rope. A cold sensation of beveled rock scratched my fingertips, registering as an ominous precursor to what unfolded beyond this passageway. Despite my earnest efforts, I couldn’t estimate the magnitude of this dwelling until the fog subsided.
Eventually, I ventured beyond a rupture in the pungent mist, but the chamber where I stopped appeared no more alluring to a stranger’s exploration than the dank channel leading toward it. By now I determined that I was positioned amidst the crude workmanship of a 15th century castle. The solid, undecorated surfaces showed little evidence of high nobility. Upon entering this domicile, I followed a muted glow of candles to a far corner in its interior; this was where I distinguished one elderly figure pacing languidly across a stone floor.
As it turned out, the castle’s featureless décor was essentially an extension of its only visible occupant. He was an elderly gentleman similar to me in stature, but perhaps slightly more doubled over due to his advanced age. The garment he wore looked as though it once belonged to a Franciscan friar. It draped over his gaunt figure like an oversized burlap sack. I watched him shuffling about the premises in no particular direction, other than to occasionally pause in halos of candlelight reflecting off the dark flagstone.
At first, without any knowledge of his motivations, I kept the room’s shadows spaced between us to prevent my premature detection. If he noticed me at all, the cloaked oldster exhibited no indication of my surveillance. He ultimately shuffled through an aperture that was illuminated by a faint orange light. After following him through this opening, I discerned an area of study. The shelves within this room were laden with ancient folios, which I imagined as the recorded wisdom of philosophers and alchemists alike.
The robed man had already lowered himself into a chair in front of an oaken table. His arms remained akimbo on the surface, with both hands turned toward a yawning ceiling. His face looked stripped of all of its vitality, and he forwarded no definitive gesture to demonstrate his emotions in regard to my approach. As I came up to him at the center of the study, I discerned two pits of sorrow simmering in his pewter eyes. The man’s unkempt beard swooped around his concaved cheeks like a tattered pelt. If any visible signs of life existed within this visage, it was one of profound compunction.
It didn’t take me long to gather the courage to join him at this table, which I assumed served up nothing other than long drafts of contemplation. Once noticing my shadow beside him, the man’s fingers twitched. He then raised his head to look at me with a remorsefulness that resembled an untold number of pilfered dreams.
“O, thou shalt not be a wise traveler to share mine table at this bleak hour,” he gasped. He made no effort to conceal his anguish, for pride—if he indeed ever showcased any at all—had long since fizzled from his persona.
“Is this a bad time for you?” I inquired.
“O, list,” he groveled, “dost thou not knowst who I am?”
“No. I don’t even know where I am.”
“Thou art in Wittenberg,” he sighed. “Hast Mephastophilis summoned a demon unproven in the mind to mock me hither?”
After this forlorn character revealed the name of Lucifer’s messenger, my confusion lessoned. This face of enmity belonged to the former necromancer known as Dr. Faustus. I already realized that there was nothing he could’ve done to rescue his soul from eternal damnation. I glared at him with pity, but also with disdain. How had he managed to fritter away the past twenty-four years of his life? Now, the time had neared for him to repay his pact with the Fallen Angel. Faustus waited at this table for the minions of Hell to come at the midnight hour and shred him into pieces.
“Who hath sent for thee?” he implored.
“I’ve come by my own choice,” I clarified.
“But wherefore dost thou cometh?”
“I can’t always explain what compels me to visit the places I do,” I admitted.
“Once thou hast settl’d in a knott’d nest, ’tis unlikely thou shalt fly hence forth without briars in thy flesh.”
“Maybe I’ve arrived here to learn from you, Dr. Faustus.”
“Fie! Thou wouldst fair better exchanging words with a lout. Didst thou not decipher the messenger’s call? Even as thou speaketh, servants to the Prince of Devils mark me as a creation damn’d.”
Of course, it was well beyond my powers of persuasion to convince this doomed magician that he still had a chance for redemption. After he accepted me as a harmless visitor, his mannerisms softened. He then gradually pulled up the sleeves of his robe, intentionally revealing a charred wound on his left forearm. This tattoo verified the imminent danger that he dismissed long ago. The mark read as such: “Homo Fuge.” In this case, Faustus and I both knew that it was far too late for him to fly from his soul’s fate. But I wondered if this epitaph was intended solely for Faustus or for all men who shared his haughty endeavors.
Faustus bent his emaciated arms and clasped his hands together before lamenting, “To think’st that all the latent knowledge knowst to mankind hath sift’d between these fingers. Yea, no soul shalt giveth pity. Who wilt swoon at false whimpers?”
“We can’t dwell on past bargains,” I told him. “All we can hope to do is confront the travesties in life as they occur. I regret that we’ve met under these dire circumstances, but I suppose none of us can go backwards in time and correct our indiscretions.”
“Neither mayst thou alter the outcome of thy fate,” the condemned sorcerer added. “Accurse’d art those who tamper with God’s natural boundaries. Even the trickster Mephastophilis view’d this as such. And yet I profess’d the Seven Sins as merely obstacles in my path.”
“What else have you to teach me, Dr. Faustus?”
“Nay,” he sobbed. “’Tis proper to pronounce what I always hast: Que Sera Sera.”
“What will be, shall be,” I said, interpreting the phrase. Faustus nodded his chin in agreement before tilting his head so that his vantage point permitted him to preview the stars from an arched window in the study. His thoughts soared among these celestial fires, and I felt oddly apathetic by his present vulnerability.
“I prithee, sir. Heed to thy pure judgment. Ne’er invite the devil to dine at thy supper table, for ’tis a banquet set for famish’d fools.”
It was fair to claim that from all those whom I interacted with today, Dr. Faustus’s inescapable demise made the other burdens trivial by comparison. Prior to our interaction in this medieval keep, the worst of scenarios at least afforded a guarantee of peace after death. But this practitioner’s woes wouldn’t be quelled by such mortal conveniences. For Faustus, his end on Earth merely represented the onset of never-ending torment. In spite of this inevitability, I wondered if there was a single moment in his past twenty-four years that he didn’t regret.
“With all the power bestowed onto you, was there anything you’ve accomplished in the last two decades worth savoring?”
As Faustus pondered my question, his complexion appeared to fade as colorless as the marble stones inlaid within the castle’s walls. His eyes, already eclipsed from light, plunged like anchors into water. “Thou art apt to knowst of my folly,” he huffed.
“I don’t mean to pry, but I believe I’ve come here to learn from you.”
“Then untutored thou shalt remaineth. I hast no lesson to impart.”
“But surely you must’ve gained something useful from your encounters?” I insisted.
“O, to sayeth I was callow doth not fully expose the fault,” Faustus bewailed. “Yet ’tis all in retrospect that I avow this to thee.” The conjurer of black craft now studied me more intently. Our eyes interspersed like fiery arrows before he speculated, “Something wicked stirs in thy gaze. A hunger akin to a feral appetite is what I perceiveth now.”
Because I didn’t cling to any malicious notions during our brief exchange, I was confused by the bluntness of his accusation. Of course, Faustus still had an ability to foresee what other men might’ve envied, save for his own pitfall into impiousness. I offered him only this assessment: “I’m guarded in my thoughts, so it’s best not to make predictions about me.”
“Art thou truly like a garrison?” Faustus meditated. “Thou hath cometh at an hour taint’d by strife, yet I canst judge a spirit who flies heedlessly into the face of the sun. Consider the craftsman Daedalus, whose cunningness once imprison’d the Minotaur in King Minos’ labyrinth. But even Daedalus’ hands couldn’t thwart his riggish son’s defiance. The boy ignored his father’s tidings and soared too high on waxen wings. His fatal plummet into the Icarian Sea shalt not soon be dismiss’d. Dost thou aim to drowneth with similar abandon?”
“I’m not at risk for such an ending,” I refuted, but even as I uttered this defense I felt my purpose descending into a chasm of obscurity. In my heart, I had always yearned for a semblance of recognition, as I surmised all men did at one time or another. Perhaps Dr. Faustus understood my giddy pursuit for stardom better than I realized. But rather than rationalize my behavior to a man who swapped his soul for the Light Bearer’s promise of pansophy, I retreated from the table.
Even while hovering over the probing eyes that Faustus now set upon me, I found it nearly impossible to contain my disappointment. In a quivering rage, I recommenced our dialogue. “You sorry fool. Had I been granted even a fragment of the power that you squandered, I would’ve made a good name for myself. You’re more pitiful than I ever imagined.”
“I shalt giveth to thee what Daedalus once gave to Ariadne,” Faustus resumed. “A clew doth straighten the maze that bringeth thou hither.”
“I don’t need any help finding my way,” I insisted.
“Then thou art braver than Theseus.”
“Maybe not as brave as that hero,” I said, “but I’m too wise to waste an opportunity.”
“O dost thou wish to be granted a deal as was once bartered to me? Perchance thou shalt discover the charms of Helen of Greece? Is the price of such a fair visage worth the launching of a thousand warships?”
“I only wish for one thing,” I confessed. “I want to go back home and live my life more honestly than I’ve ever done before.”
“Thou doth speaketh from both halves of thy tongue,” Faustus chided. “Go to, and dost what thou wilt. Or, if blackness tempts thy nature, linger in my company until the midnight hour cometh.”
By my estimation, I had already spent too much time in the presence of this maligned magician. My decision to abandon him rated as one of my easiest choices of this day. Of course, shunning Dr. Faustus during his final hour of life didn’t yet lure me from the precincts of Wittenberg. After exiting the study, I noticed a dark stain emerging between the rock walls. Within a few seconds, the amorphous shadow loomed closer to me in the tunnel where I first entered the castle.
The features of this entity remained obscure and certainly not human, save for its scintillating, crimson eyes. I needed no further characteristic to identify this being as the messenger Mephastophilis. He watched me as if I was a fly scurrying out of a spider’s silken trap. Despite his syrupy tone, I realized his intentions before he spoke them aloud.
“Hath thou yet wrestled with the angels of good and evil?” the minion chimed. The beast’s breath reeked of brimstone, but I held my ground.
“No angels have visited me,” I answered the devil.
“But art thou open to such invitations?”
“I have no need for angels.”
“Then thou canst fly with lesser orders—lesser but greater, if thou views it as so.”
“There’s nothing here that can tempt me. Go and claim the soul you’ve already bartered for.”
“But thou faith is weak and impure,” Mephastophilis observed. “Mark ye, Lucifer shalt be generous in the enrichment of thy undertakings.”
“I’ve already seen how a man can desecrate his life on an expectation of false hope, and where it ultimately leads him.”
“Ay, truepenny on that note. ’Tis a mask of misfortune Dr. Faustus doth weareth. However, thou shouldst hast an advantage now. To knowst a man’s shortcoming ’tis the best defense in the repetition of any deed.”
“I’ll take my chances on my own from this point. Dispense your hexes and charms on someone other than me.”
Mephastophilis hovered next to me for only a few seconds longer. He must’ve detected something genuine in my demeanor. In any case, the more vulnerable candidate for damnation had already been slotted for midnight’s offering. After turning my back on the devil’s laborer, I heard Dr. Faustus’s shrill screams rebounding off the castle’s walls. His futile cries for clemency shook me to the deepest levels of my flesh and blood. Perhaps for the first time in my years since boyhood, I revisited the notion that each man had been granted an invaluable gift, and within the workings of this framework, he had a capacity to change the course of his own destiny, or die trying.


Chapter 69

5:19 P.M.


I still leaned the bulk of my weight against the oak tree on Overlook Avenue after I sensed my vision returning again. When the haziness lifted, I immediately scanned the street and surrounding yards for any trace of the custodian’s whereabouts. However, just as before, this elusive janitor evaded my search. I briefly toyed with the idea of hollering for him to come forward, but I never even asked the man for his name. Beyond that embarrassment, I didn’t want to encourage others to scrutinize my advance. Whatever the custodian wanted from me couldn’t be more essential than my primary objective. This journey had taken me to within a hundred paces of my front door, and it was here that I needed to confront Rachel.
At least the rain had stopped momentarily, and while navigating the unleveled sidewalks toward my house, I heard sparrows twittering in a sapling’s frail branches. If the ravens were still nearby, I cared not to hunt for them. In spite of my drenched clothing, the chill had thawed from my body. The exhilarating warmth that accompanied my footsteps belied the storm clouds’ impact on this late afternoon. My neighborhood appeared brighter than I ever recalled before, almost as if every house on the block received a fresh coat of paint and shingles overnight. Amazingly, the closer I walked to my house, the more vibrant these colors became. My muscles relaxed to a point where I barely felt the dull headache that nagged me almost continuously until this moment. In this short span of time, I abandoned my cruelest thoughts.
My wife had parked her jeep crookedly in the driveway, indicating some urgency on her part. Maybe she had already driven to the school in a frantic bid to locate me, or perhaps she even ventured to Dr. Pearson’s office to confirm my earlier visit. Either way, I stood motionless in front of a bluestone walkway winding toward my home’s front door. I studied the cracks in the cement that barely bonded this fifty-year-old masonry. I fondly remembered patching this walkway’s joints alongside my father when I was just a boy. Of course, my father wasn’t much of a mason—at least not by trade—but what does a boy of ten know about his father’s limitations? Apparently, he was skilled enough to keep this walkway in the identical condition that I now examined it.
With my journal tucked securely in one hand, I walked halfway across the bluestone. My stride was purposeful and unbroken. Then, a sudden epiphany seized my mind, causing me to stop abruptly. In spite of everything that I ascertained about my wife today, I couldn’t detest her. In fact, while standing beneath the sky’s billowy shades of gray, I determined that Rachel made me feel like no other woman had managed to do before or since. I never stopped loving her, and perhaps this was the truest crucible for any couple in range of adversity. My hand brushed against the gun hidden under my shirt, and it now occurred to me that this weapon had no function in my forthcoming exchange with Rachel. Murder was not an antidote to any man’s agony.
I couldn’t harm the woman whom I adored since the first day we met. Why had I even contemplated such an abhorrent deed? In perhaps the clearest action I accomplished in many hours, I pulled the gun from my waistband and held it out in front of myself. No matter how self-indulgent my wife behaved, her wantonness didn’t merit a death sentence. I simultaneously pitched the gun in a spot of tall grass beside the walkway.
The ripe scents of spring filtered through me, and I was almost positioned like a garden statue at the center of my front yard. A few strands of sunlight escaped the cloud cover, which triggered a diminutive smile to form on my lips. I now realized that it didn’t matter what anyone else thought of me. Even Rachel had to learn to appreciate me for the man I was always afraid to become. Whether or not she wanted to do so remained unverified. At least my wait for the truth was almost over.
My hesitation hadn’t gone unnoticed. Rachel must’ve observed me from inside our house. By now, I hadn’t even bothered to check on how many of her phone calls I ignored. After she jarred open the front door and studied me from the porch, it seemed as though the barrier between us dissolved in the damp spring air. She was still dressed in her business attire, although no longer wearing her heels. From the distance between us, I distinguished a few teardrops sliding from the corners of her eyes, although I couldn’t be certain what emotion spawned them. I preferred to believe that she was grateful I was still alive.
Unlike a mawkish encounter in a romantic movie, we didn’t rush into each other’s arms and embrace fervently to demonstrate our affection. Perhaps it was only fitting that we stared at one another in silence for a few seconds, simply to reacquaint ourselves with what we had foolishly abandoned. I wondered how long had it been since we last shared a meaningful gaze? As it was with so many marriages, complacency had dulled our vision. She edged off the porch tentatively, depositing the prints of her bare feet on the cracked bluestone. I held my position firmly, almost as if I waded into a vat of glue from Tillens’ Labeling. As my wife advanced toward me submissively, I noticed something she hadn’t managed to imitate in months. Her eyes didn’t break away from mine; she kept them trained on me as if I was suddenly the only man left in this world. In this moment and place, I finally sensed that I was really home again.
Although Rachel’s gait was understandably cautious, she remained resolute in her choice to greet me. Only eight feet of winding bluestone separated our paths now. At this range, I noticed she had smeared the majority of makeup from her cheeks. She wore only a hint of raspberry lipstick I so often associated with her visage. With the artificial mask nearly stripped from her flesh, she looked intensely human to me. Ironically, her slight imperfections made her appear more perfect in my eyes. Her flaxen hair, which I relished like sunbeams upon my cheeks, fell in unruly strands across the front of her shoulders, but it was a welcomed explosion of golden rays, untainted in every turn and tangle.
My wife continued to stare at me as if she had forgotten how I appeared in natural daylight, although I knew that my sickness had altered my face and body considerably at this hour. Maybe she wondered why I held my journal in my hands so tightly at this precise moment. Whatever the source of her silence, I didn’t want to internalize anything remotely negative. It was fair to suggest that we were both reluctant to proceed with what needed to be broached. I waited until she felt obligated to express her motivations.
“You didn’t answer your phone,” she mumbled. Her voice was absent of any strain of annoyance now. “I…I thought something horrible happened to you.” Rachel brushed another tear from her cheek with a knuckle on her left hand. A glimpse from her diamond wedding ring sparkled against my eye.
“I guess you know what happened at school, huh?” I remarked.
“It’s all over the news. I was scared to death that you were somehow involved, Corb.”
“I’m okay,” I answered with a hint of uncertainty. My eyes then shifted to the gun settled in the tall fescue consuming the front lawn. From Rachel’s vantage point, I wasn’t certain if she’d notice the weapon or not. “I should’ve called you back. I’m sorry for that oversight.”
“It’s okay,” she murmured. Her voice then trailed off into a frightful whisper. “You don’t look well, and you’re soaked to the bone.”
It pleased me that she finally recognized the severity of my illness. She must’ve been shocked by my appearance, otherwise I figured she would’ve asked me where I parked my car by now. Instead, she withheld the small talk. “Look, I know it’s been a long day for you. Why don’t you come on inside and get changed into some dry clothes? I’ll make some coffee and we can talk things over.”
Her suggestion, although well intended, struck me as conventional. “I’d like to stay out here awhile longer,” I proposed. Rachel looked baffled by my choice because of the way I stood shivering in my tracks. Normally, she would’ve expected me to follow her lead into the house without resistance, but I believed we both realized that the days of compliancy on my behalf were past tense. She had little flexibility for exercising any dominance over me now.
“When you didn’t return my calls,” she admitted, “I phoned Dr. Pearson.”
“Then I’m sure he told you what he informed me.” Since I wasn’t yet fully convinced that Rachel accepted my illness as a legitimate disease, having the prognosis delivered by my doctor relieved me of the burden of this chore.
“He told me everything,” she sulked. Rachel’s eyes moistened as if her sullenness was scripted on a cue card. But her voice quaked with vibrations of guilt and anguish, which strengthened the sincerity of her forthcoming admission. “I…I can’t believe how horrible I’ve acted toward you. I really had no idea you were so sick.”
“There’s nothing you could’ve done about it anyway, right?”
“That’s not true, Corb. I should’ve listened to you. I needed to be there for you like…like…a….”
“Like a wife?” I finished her thought. She paused again to seemingly contemplate the cruelty she either consciously or subconsciously inflicted upon me over the past several months. Her eyes then dissolved behind a cascade of tears.
“I’m ashamed of myself,” she groaned. “It makes me cringe to think how poorly I treated you, and you hardly ever complained. God, I don’t even know if you’ll believe me when I tell you how sorry I am for everything that’s happened.”
“If you’re acting, I’m ready to phone Hollywood. Meryl Streep could always use a successor.” My poorly timed humor was meant to alleviate my own anxiety just as much as Rachel’s sorrow.
“I never wanted things to turn out like this,” she wept. “I’ve tried to talk to you about what happened so many times, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it.”
“Why not?”
“It sounds so odd to explain right now,” she offered, “but I guess I just didn’t want to hurt your feelings.”
“You’re right, Rach. It sounds very strange that you’d think cheating on me would preserve my emotions in the long run.”
“I…I don’t know what to say, Corb. I don’t blame you if you can’t forgive me.”
Although I was tempted to let Rachel grovel a bit longer, it would’ve been unfair of me to permit her to solely take ownership for our crumbling marriage. I understood that it required two people to create a strong union in any loving relationship, and an equal number to undo it.
“I stopped by Leon’s house on my way home,” I mentioned almost as an afterthought. I purposely stated this abruptly to monitor my wife’s spontaneous reaction. Her eyes flickered with mild curiosity, but she let me finish my thought. “Peggy was at home, too.”
“Did he tell you the truth?”
“Not until he had to.”
The anxiousness heightened in her voice as she stammered through her next question. “Did…umm…you…tell Peggy?”
“No.” The brevity of my response triggered a quizzical expression to form on Rachel’s face. She obviously presumed that I wouldn’t have bothered to visit Leon’s house unless I planned to sabotage his marriage in a retaliatory move. Rather than speculate on my motivations, she waited for me to elaborate on the details. “I thought about telling her,” I divulged, “but I didn’t want Peg to remember me as a herald of bad news. So I decided Leon should have the dishonor of explaining his actions. If he can do that, then my business with him is finished.”
“I guess that’s a noble way to handle this situation,” she said, pouting.
“There’s nothing noble about it, Rach. No matter what happens from this point forward, I’ve still lost a best friend. But even more hurtful, I’ve lost my ability to trust you.”
“So what do you want to do now?”
Rachel’s inquiry was almost too simple, yet it clearly carved to the murky core of this conversation. What did I want to do now? For the better portion of the day, this quandary reverberated in my head. Before delivering a response, however, I still needed to unveil my wife’s unspoken intentions.
“One thing is certain,” I said. “I didn’t want to come back home today and berate you for having an affair with Leon. But I can’t get one nagging thought out of my head. I want you to tell me exactly what you were planning for in the future.”
Rachel couldn’t even watch my eyes as she pondered my words. Instead, she directed a flighty stare at a fixed position on the curbside behind me. I hoped she hadn’t noticed the gun, which was at least partially camouflaged by the high grass bordering the walkway. I waited tolerantly for Rachel to collect her thoughts, but I couldn’t regulate her inconsolability. Whatever statement she wished to make was initially incoherent. In the meantime, I observed a crow touching down on the chimney of Cora Hart’s roof. The old lady might’ve insisted it was a raven, but I wasn’t yet convinced. Its irritating caw distracted me momentarily. Finally, when I nearly resorted to repeating my question, Rachel stopped crying and readied her response.
“I…I don’t have any plans to be with Leon,” she sniveled.
“What changed your mind?”
“Many things,” she sighed. “I wanted to tell you that it was over between Leon and I earlier this morning. I was so stupid about everything. I built up this fantasy in my mind that he really loved me. I don’t know why I did that.”
“Because you loved him,” I answered for her. Rachel swallowed and bowed her chin so that the tears trickled down her cheeks and splattered over her crimson-polished toenails. In this instance, I didn’t blame her for averting her gaze. Perhaps there was no task more humiliating than confessing to your spouse that you’ve loved his best friend.
“I really thought I loved him,” she confessed in one breath of honesty. “And he told me that we were always meant to be together. It’s no secret that I’m a romantic at heart, and he just said all the right things when I needed to hear them.”
“Who made the very first move?”
“I…I don’t remember, Corb.”
“But you must know when you first started having feelings for him.” I pressed harder with my interrogation now, perhaps even caving to the pangs of jealousy that reduced all men to common buffoons. Rachel acknowledged the tension in my voice by extending her fingertips toward my right hand. I wanted to entwine her fingers and sense the warmth of her palm against mine. Such a feeling of security reminded me of our walks around Lake Endelman. But I couldn’t overcome the rigidity in my mannerisms. My hand clamped to my leg as if it was seized by a muscular disorder. Ultimately, Rachel lowered her arm and officially withdrew her invitation for me to touch her hand again. She then resumed her explanation as if governed by a force stronger than us both. 
“We were all at Rounders one night,” she said despondently. “It might’ve started then.”
“How long ago?”
“Umm, five or six months, I think.”
I cringed at the possibility of my wife playing against me with Leon Chase for almost half a year. Why hadn’t I expected anything between them before this morning? I felt a hostile sensation rising like a leviathan to the surface of my skin, but I forced myself to repress this ugliness before it consumed my mind and body.
“I guess I wasn’t paying attention,” I muttered in disgust. “But now that I think about the timeline, it makes sense. You stopped wanting to make love to me around then.”
If Rachel could’ve completely tucked her face between her shoulder blades, she might’ve done so at this moment. She seemed to melt in her stance before whimpering, “I’m so sorry, Corb. I got lured into this whole crazy idea that we were drifting in different directions. Leon promised me things I always dreamed about, and I was caught up in the thrill of just running off with him and starting a new life far away from Willows Edge.”
“And far away from me,” I said tonelessly. “Within the workings of all this frantic energy, Rach, did you ever stop and think about Leon’s family? Peggy had become almost as good a friend to you as I was to Leon. And if that wasn’t enough of a dissuasion, did you even pause once to consider his commitment to his son?”
“The whole thing is just ridiculous now,” she confessed. “I should’ve realized that Leon was just using me. You know, I even thought about telling Peggy everything.”
“You may still get that chance.”
“I don’t know if I could ever face her. How do you tell a woman that you were ready to steal her husband?”
I gathered this chore was no more problematic than informing your husband that he played second fiddle in the orchestra of love. It struck me as unusual that Rachel allowed herself to be outwitted by Leon’s gravitas, but I now suspected she wasn’t the first or last woman who’d find herself in this unenviable predicament. Of course, the deceitful dance practiced between my wife and Leon couldn’t be perfected without two nimble partners.
“Love can be a very potent drug,” I told her flatly. “Once a syringe full of the heavy stuff gets pumped into your bloodstream, it’s not easy to go back to a lighter dosage later on.”
“You always had a clever way of summarizing things, Corb.”
“Not always,” I lamented. “Somewhere along the way, perhaps when I wasn’t even expecting it, I let something vital get lost inside of me. Once I let that go, a huge piece of my confidence followed. If I learned one priceless lesson over the course of this day, Rachel, it’s that when a man stops dreaming, he stops living.”
The longer two people stayed together, the less frequently they really looked at one another. The type of glances strangers exchanged while passing on a crowded street held about as much significance as Rachel’s attention toward me over the past two years. I waited for a vital time when her eyes truly discovered mine again. She then lifted her chin just far enough so that a glint of her pupils collided with my own. This single expression of innocence belied the nature of her unfaithfulness. Ironically, I viewed her as a genuine woman in these seconds, and our present feelings for one another mattered more than all the failings that ushered us to this standpoint.
“I never wanted you to stop dreaming,” Rachel whispered. She raised her arm again and dangled her hand in front of me. I watched her fingers tremble slightly, but before she sensed rejection for a second time, I clasped her hand with my own and basked in the fusion of our subdued love. Gradually, our bodies drew together. The barrier keeping us from one another vanished like a fogbank surrendering to sunlight. We held each other in a way that reminded us of a simpler time, a time when obstacles like Leon Chase had no chance to thrust between us.
Of course it was an unachievable expectation to presume that our troubles would’ve vanished in the harmony of a single embrace. Yet having Rachel nestled against me with her head tilted compassionately on my chest, and my journal cradled between us, rekindled a glimmer of hope that this wasn’t the final curtain for our marriage. I made no attempt to withhold my affection from her as a ploy for punishment. If we were ever going to love one another as we both initially intended, the punitive portion of our romance needed to be eradicated without pretense. For better or worse, I never intended to unwrap myself from this woman’s body or mind again.
“We can only go forward from here,” I spoke softly into her ear. “I don’t know how much longer I have left to live, Rachel, but if it’s only a month, a week, or a day, I want you beside me.”
“I will be,” she returned, while gently caressing the back of my head with her hands. “I’ll never leave you, Corb. You won’t ever have to worry about being alone. I promise.”
Until this point in my day, none of the choices I made averted complications. But at least this one made the other miscalculations less severe. My adoration for Rachel was so absolute that I hardly realized that my watch had slipped from my wrist. Only the crack of the watch’s crystal face against the bluestone caused me to shift my gaze to the timepiece. Through the splinters of broken glass, I saw that it was just after five-thirty. I now contended that the most horrible part of this day had already occurred.


Chapter 70

5:38 P.M.


The crow atop the chimney of Cora Hart’s home still perched forebodingly in place, emitting its grating caw into a sky layered with clouds as silver as the loonie in my pocket. For the most part, my concentration remained adhered to Rachel. Her warmth soothed the chill from my bones, permitting me to rejoice in the rapture of our reestablished bond. Too often in life I’ve shunned the people closest to me. This sort of self-righteousness caused a darkness to shroud my judgment, and eventually spawned a sense of futility. Until now, the recovery of my misspent moments didn’t seem feasible. But with the tangible evidence of unguarded emotion set against my skin in the form of my wife’s touch, I began the process of exorcizing myself of past burdens.
Men who walked without malice should’ve been afforded with such instances of gratitude everyday. I had earned the privilege to savor whatever time I had left on this particular outing. Nothing satisfied me more fully than the sound of Rachel’s rapid heartbeat striking against my chest. The cruelty pervading in the crevices of this town certainly replicated like an untreated cancer for most of today, but a curative air of bliss set all the malignant cells of deceit into remission. I was now ready to move forward with my beloved wife to confront the challenges of the next sunrise.
The crow’s repetitious cawing distracted me again, but it was another sound of unwelcome origin that summoned my attention to the corner of the yard. At first, I discerned a shadow of a man that I assumed must’ve been the custodian. Rachel saw him, too, and she flinched as this figure started across the lawn directly toward us. She instinctively pulled away from me, so that we both had an opportunity to assess the intruder. The perplexity deepening in Rachel’s eyes verified that she didn’t recognize the man. As I glanced across the twenty paces separating us, I couldn’t claim the same degree of ignorance. It was not, as I initially surmised, the custodian. Immediately upon identifying this visitor, I knew that something was afoul.
“Shawn Winger,” I announced nearly under my breath, but my wife heard me clearly.
“Who is Shawn Winger?” she asked cautiously, mimicking the pitch of my voice.
Perhaps I neglected to mention Ravendale High School’s hotshot educator, whom everyone (until this afternoon) worshipped like a messiah. I figured he must’ve come up in conversation between us at least once before now, but Rachel probably wasn’t listening. Of course, now wasn’t an appropriate moment to recite the disgruntled teacher’s resume with her. Shawn Winger appeared visibly inebriated. His eyes looked as vacant as pale marbles, and his boyish sheen appeared tarnished by wicked contemplations.
As Shawn lurched toward us, it was as though his pockets and shoes were weighted with stones. He nearly dragged his feet through the wet grass. Rachel seemed especially unnerved by his mannerisms. “Who is this guy?” Rachel asked anxiously. “He looks drunk.”
Shawn was close enough to hear Rachel and he grinned disingenuously at her observation. “Why don’t you tell your wife who I am, Corbin? Or is it that you don’t want her to know about the people you’ve screwed over?”
“I didn’t do anything to you, Shawn. Whatever has gone wrong in your life is your own fault, not mine. I’d like for you get off my property now.” My insistence didn’t sway Shawn to budge a centimeter from his defiant stance. If anything, he looked as though he had braced himself for a confrontation that he had no intention of retreating from. Rachel sensed his aggressiveness, but I didn’t want to explain the source of it to her now.
“Aren’t you going to introduce me to your wife?” Shawn chuckled.
“This isn’t a good time for us to talk,” I told him. “You’ve been drinking, and you need to go home and get sober.”
“Home?” he cackled like a deviant clown. “Do you really think I still have a place to call home after what you did to me? Do you know where Desiree Meadows is at this very second? The police are parked in front of her house. Before too long, I expect them to be paying me a visit. So now you know why I can’t just go home and hug my wife in the middle of the yard. Besides, I’m guessing that Jill isn’t exactly in a touchy-feely mood right now, wouldn’t you say?”
If Shawn aimed to earn any sympathy from me, he obviously picked a bad day to target my direction. Despite the legal consequences that awaited him, I harbored no guilt for undermining his predatory behavior with a minor. Of course, I couldn’t dismiss the current situation’s precariousness either. The alcohol Shawn consumed had altered his behavior considerably, and I barely even recognized him as the archetype for pedagogical elegance. If I planned to do anything in order to diffuse his animosity, it had to be approached deftly.
“Whatever happens next for you,” I said passively, “I’m sure it’ll be for the best later on.”
“Shut up, Corbin,” he hissed. “Do you really think it’s going to be that easy?”
“No, I don’t. In fact, I know you’ll have a struggle ahead of you.” Rachel must’ve been confused by this exchange between Shawn and I. Since I had no way of gauging what Shawn might’ve done next, I resorted to a defensive measure in order to protect my wife. “Rach, why don’t you go inside now?” I urged her. “I need to speak to Shawn alone.”
“Hold on, Corb,” she resisted. “I want to know what this guy is talking about.”
“Go on and tell her,” Shawn interjected with a mocking grin. “Explain to your wife what you’ve done to destroy another man’s family.”
“What is he talking about?” Rachel questioned. By now it was clear that she didn’t intend on following my orders unless I provided some clarification.
“I work with him,” I revealed to her. “He’s an English teacher at the high school.” Rachel scanned the man with a stunned expression; the crazed glare plastered on Shawn’s face didn’t suggest he ever held a job remotely connected to education.
“Do you know what he’s talking about?” Rachel asked me.
“I know why he’s here,” I replied, sedately. My attention hadn’t shifted away from Shawn since he first entered my front yard. When he wobbled a few steps closer to the walkway, I stepped in front of Rachel and assumed a posture intended to intimidate him. Of course, the likelihood that my weakened stature served as a deterrent to someone who displayed muscles as most flaunted flab seemed implausible. Despite my obvious disadvantage, I now presumed that Shawn didn’t plan on departing voluntarily. After I demanded that Rachel go inside our house for a second time, my focus bent toward him again.
“I don’t know what you expected me to do,” I said to him. “As a friend, I gave you advice, but you ignored me.”
“A friend? Is that how you define friendship? I trusted you to keep your mouth shut, but you must’ve been salivating all day over my juicy tale. After all, this was your big opportunity to knock Ravendale’s best teacher off his pedestal. I was stupid for confiding in you, but you were all I had at the moment.”
It was still puzzling to think that Shawn Winger selected me as a mediator to his conscience. By his own word, few teachers had merited more respect than him over the course of their careers. Surely, he must’ve known someone trust worthier than me to confide in. But I had little hope to debate logic with him now. The longer he remained fixated in my company, the more of a threat he became to everyone around him.
“You still have a chance to fix this situation,” I reminded him, although I was not truly convinced this was still possible.
“Stop patronizing me,” he seethed. He then narrowed his eyes and slurred, “My life is over. You’ve cost me my career, my wife, my family, and a spotless reputation. How could you just stand there glibly and say that I can repair what you’ve so thoroughly dismantled? Do you even care about what you’ve done?”
At the moment, all I really cared about was getting Rachel away from this man. But she was adamantly standing next to me, and showed no reluctance in expressing her feelings. “Look, Mr. Winger,” she challenged him. “I’m not sure what’s going on, but my husband politely asked you to leave. I’d like for you to listen to him, otherwise I’m going to call the police.”
Shawn didn’t feel obligated to restrain his amusement at the sound of such an admonition. He chortled openly in Rachel’s face, and then his feigned mirth transformed into something frighteningly savage. This action caused both Rachel and I to freeze in our places. From an interior pocket of his suit coat, he unveiled a small caliber handgun that looked remarkably similar to the one I tossed beside the walkway a few minutes earlier. It, of course, was a different weapon in his clutches, but I imagined no less lethal. I almost dropped my journal while he aimed it directly at my chest.
“What’s the matter, Corbin?” he asked whimsically. “You look like you’ve never seen a man holding a gun before.”
After observing the wielded gun, Rachel forwarded a screech that might’ve been heard by the neighbors two blocks away. I kept my body in front of her, while simultaneously maintaining my composure. “Shawn,” I uttered soothingly. “I know you’re upset right now, but think about what you’re doing.”
“You’re not calling the shots anymore!” he bellowed. “The way I see it, I’ll be the one doing the shooting from here on out.”
“No one else needs to get hurt today,” I pleaded. “Just don’t do anything rash. A gun won’t solve this problem for us. Just put the weapon down and let’s talk things over.”
“Shut up! I didn’t come here to negotiate with you. We’re already way beyond that point,” said Shawn, scornfully.
“What do you want to do, Shawn?” I asked.
He waved the revolver in front of himself like a kid manipulating a toy, but there was nothing childlike about the abhorrence undulating in his eyes like a black wave. “I’m going to do what’s fair,” he fumed. “As I see it, you’ve turned me into a walking dead man. It’s time that I repay you for that deed.”
Until a few minutes ago, I never pictured Shawn as a violent man, but my assessment of his true motivations was replete with contradictions since this morning. I even thought about lunging toward the ground to retrieve the weapon I foolishly deposited in the grass, but by doing so I’d leave Rachel susceptible to an impulsive assault. My primary objective was to look out for her welfare. Therefore, I was forced to hold my position. If Shawn planned to shoot me, then any abrupt movement on my behalf would’ve certainly hastened his decision.
“I know you think I’ve intentionally hurt you, Shawn,” I proceeded, “but if you let my wife go inside, I think we can handle this situation ourselves.”
“She’s not going anywhere,” he gritted rebelliously. “I really want her to watch you die, Corbin, just as my wife will watch me do so later on.”
“Please don’t kill my husband,” Rachel sobbed. “He doesn’t deserve it.”
“Begging won’t help his case,” Shawn assured my wife. “A long time ago, my father taught me how to deal with cowards like Corbin Cobbs. People like him don’t stop gossiping until a shovel of dirt gets tossed over their coffins.”
“I just wanted to help you,” I said, but Shawn had ceased to listen to anyone other than a sinister voice in his mind that demanded retribution. In an instant that played out in slow motion within my mind, Shawn’s hand stopped shaking as he aimed his weapon at me again. Not more than six feet separated me from the gun’s barrel. I instinctively closed my eyes, knowing what awaited me. The caw of the crow reverberated alongside an alarming BANG that crackled the air. I braced for the bullet’s hot puncture, but as my eyes reopened, I felt no trace of pain. A second or two passed, and then before I realized what had occurred, I noticed my wife standing in front of me, her eyes glazed with confusion as she leaned against my torso.
“Rachel?” My frantic question was simply a reflex. I grabbed her waist with my hand, but her legs already grew as limp as wilted grass. In a single moment of selflessness, she had apparently swung her body around mine to shield me from the oncoming bullet. A warm fluid gushed over my fingers, and the light of her beautiful eyes dimmed like the sky in twilight’s last minutes. This couldn’t be happening. But the flow of life’s fluid pouring from the center of my wife’s back told of the bleak reality.
“C…Corb,” she gasped. “I’m…shot.” My eyes rounded with fear as I watched a trickle of blood spurt from the corner of her lips. It oozed beyond her jaw line to form a creek of gore across her collarbone that eventually spilled through the cleavage of her chest. I held her closely against me, as if to reverse the bullet’s deadly trajectory, but it was too late. Her blood rained beneath our entangled feet, splattering over her bare toes and filling the voids in the walkway’s splintered joints. I cried her name aloud again, but she couldn’t respond. Her lips remained parted, and a combined look of agony and disbelief welded into her expression.
What have I done? Why did I permit her to jump in front of me? As my mind fluttered with unknowable scenarios, I tried desperately to save Rachel. I pressed on her wound, trying to stop the surge of blood, but it was to no avail. Her body grew heavier in my arms as we collapsed together like a house of broken twigs onto the bluestone. “Please don’t die,” I implored her, but my words were matched by the crow’s unremitting call. Rachel exhaled choppy breaths, each one shorter than the previous, and yet she still gazed at me with an expectation of forgiveness.
“Oh, god,” my voice trembled. By now, I tilted my head toward the gray heavens, and as I did so, a band of sunlight skimmed through the clouds’ silver creases. “Don’t let her die…please!” If anyone listened to my frantic prayer other than the assailant, I didn’t seem to know. It was all I could do to assist the woman I loved, but it wasn’t enough. My only response came in the form of a corvine bird perched atop Cora Hart’s chimney. Caw. Caw. Caw.
I glanced down at Rachel’s quivering, wan face. Sweat and blood replaced the makeup that once painted a flawless complexion. My journal was still pressed between us, its pages now soaked in the ink of Rachel’s ebbing life. As she became less stable, I cushioned her head on my lap, and entwined her fingers with my own. In the meantime, as my awareness of this horror delivered me back into the crisis at hand, I realized that I hadn’t heard a second shot. Why hadn’t Shawn fired another round and fulfilled his misguided mission? I fully expected, and perhaps even wanted him to do it, but he simply stood motionless with the smoking sidearm lowered next to his hip.
“Damn you,” I screamed. “You shot my wife! Why did you have to do it?”
For a moment, Shawn offered no audible response. His expression seemed as petrified as Rachel’s, albeit it for conflicting reasons. Then, in a pensive voice that sounded more like the young, outstanding man I mentored during his first year of teaching, he sputtered, “S…she jumped in the w…way. I didn’t mean to shoot her.”
I raised both of my saturated hands to show him that no portion of untainted flesh remained. Rachel still convulsed on my knees, fighting against an opponent that had no compassion. My eyes returned to hers for a second, and then she used whatever remained of her retreating strength to tell me what I already knew a long time ago. “I…I wanted to save you, C…Corbin.”
Beyond the utterance of those words, Rachel said nothing else. Her grip loosened, and those girlish eyes that I adored from the first moment we exchanged glances soon faded into the quietness of eternal darkness. Before I fully contemplated the finality of her life, my venomous glare returned to Shawn Winger.
“Now you must finish what you came here to do,” I instructed him tonelessly. “It doesn’t matter to me anymore.” As I directed those words toward him, the filtered sunlight reflected off the other gun still lying in the grass beside the walkway. It was three feet away from where I knelt in a puddle of blood on the bluestone.
“That bullet was meant for you, Corbin,” Shawn grimaced. “But it’s your wife’s own fault. She shouldn’t have loved you so much. Don’t worry, though, you’ll be joining her very soon.” He then raised the weapon again, this time pointing it more deliberately at my head. His finger squeezed the gun’s trigger and a subsequent blast sent the crow fluttering from the chimney top. I didn’t expect to feel any pain at first, as my adrenaline would’ve surely prevented it. But, strangely, the bullet made no impact at all with my flesh. There was no time for me to wonder if Shawn’s gun had misfired. Instead of waiting for my execution, I reacted instinctively.
I leapfrogged across the bluestone, and in the process separated myself from Rachel’s lifeless body. In one fluid movement, my hand reached into the tall fescue beside the walkway and clutched the discarded handgun. Shawn squeezed his gun’s trigger three times, but his futile effort to kill me only produced a hollow series of clicks from his weapon’s empty chamber. I didn’t know if there was another bullet in his gun or not, but there was no time for me to ponder such a possibility. Instead, I rolled onto my backside and swung the firearm in Shawn’s direction.
Although I had never fired a revolver at a living target before, much less another human being, my marksmanship under pressure proved amazingly precise. A spontaneous twitch in my finger released a single shot from the weapon, and the bullet meant for Drew Mincer found another mark in the throat of the man who killed my wife. A gash opened just beneath Shawn’s windpipe, and it was more than enough to shred his tissue and send him reeling backwards onto the lawn. He didn’t speak a word; his face was etched in shock and panic. Blood as ripe as crushed wild berries spewed from his wound like an open hydrant; it bubbled under his collar as he labored to inhale a breath of air that would not come again.
Before he even stopped twitching on the grass, my attention returned to Rachel. I pressed my ear against her chest, trying frantically to listen for a heartbeat that was no longer present. I pushed on her torso repeatedly, but produced nothing but the last traces of air expelling from her lungs. A numb sensation suddenly overwhelmed me. Not surprisingly, I was too weak to lift my head off Rachel’s breast. As my eyes blurred with tears and dizziness, I watched the same crow return to the chimney of Cora Hart’s house. This ominous bird seemed to wait for me to fade into another spell. It felt like my final retreat from reality.


Chapter 71

5:59 P.M.


My journey recommenced on an isolated beach somewhere far displaced from modern civilization. A balmy cushion of waves jetted into a craggy shoreline for as far as I cared to observe. With a hedge of jungle vegetation on one side of me and the lime-colored sea on the opposite, I kept aligned to a sandy pathway with the expectation of finding my destination before growing tired. The air’s humidness and coconut palms hinted to a tropical locale, but I had no way of pinpointing my precise whereabouts until encountering this island’s inhabitants, if indeed there were any to be found.
After a few miles of trudging along the beachfront, I discovered my first obvious clue that I wasn’t here alone. A set of human tracks in the sand seemed remarkably similar to my own in size and shape. Since the prints were not bare, I assumed that the maker of these tracks had acquired some degree of civilized footwear. The proximity of these footprints to the breakers on the sand indicated their freshness, perhaps deposited no more than ten minutes from my arrival.
My task of detecting this individual became no more troublesome than following the tracks across the sand and into a region clustered with small rocks and boulders. I eventually came upon a cave etched into the side of a mountainous region. A lone figure, seemingly oblivious to my approach, squatted on the rocks in plain view of anyone who cared to watch him. He appeared preoccupied with his present task, which consisted of eating turtle eggs directly from their shells.
His garments, although tattered and bleached by the sun and saltwater, were standard issue for a 17th century sailor. Because of the torn condition of his indigo vest and ivory leg stockings, I presumed he spent some time here stranded away from the comforts of European attire. Since I didn’t wish to startle him during his feast, I waved my hands repeatedly with the hope that he’d interpret my gesture as an amicable introduction. As I proceeded up an incline from the beach, I estimated his age as being at least ten years younger than me, but the elements of this environment had weathered his skin to almost a texture of baked rawhide.
This marooned man’s hair flowed in unkempt coils around his face, devouring portions of his cheeks and clumping densely beneath his chin. I then noticed a flintlock-hunting rifle leaning against a palm tree beside him, and a few casks of gunpowder protruded from the cave’s yawning aperture. He seemed prepared for any hostile encounter, yet somehow destabilized by events I didn’t yet comprehend. Because of this evidence, I elected to maintain enough distance between us to dodge a musket ball if he perceived me as a threat to his welfare. Instead of grappling with his firearm, however, he continued to devour the turtle eggs in a ravenous bid to curtail his hunger.
After the man finished his meal, he leveled his eyes upon me with the same astonishment that I projected onto him. My hand signals had at least momentarily persuaded him to believe that I explored this terrain in the good spirit of curiosity, which I’m sure he appreciated at one time or another.
“Welcome,” he shouted to me as if my company was long past due. “I pray you aren’t another hallucination sporting with my eyes.”
“Since I can see you as clearly as you see me,” I declared, “I suspect I’m as real as you are.”
“I sense that you’re not a cannibal, but are you a mutineer?”
“No, sir. To tell you the truth, I don’t even know where I am.”
“That’s both easy and difficult to determine,” the islander responded. “If you asked me to chart a map to show you exactly where we are, I couldn’t oblige you. On the other side of things, I have anointed this land with a moniker that should suit your interest as well as it has done for me.”
“By what name do you call this place?”
“By the only one that it should be known. It is either good or bad fortune that has shipwrecked you here on the Island of Despair.”
If this information proved accurate, I now found myself on a remote island off the coast of Trinidad. And if I accepted this as an irrefutable fact, then I also had to recognize that the castaway known as Robinson Crusoe now stood before me. Based on the ample portion of gunpowder Crusoe had stockpiled in his cave, I assumed he was still in the early stages of his twenty-eight-year occupancy on this deserted land mass. This sole survivor may have not yet suspected how long he’d be forced to endure isolation, and I refused to inform him.
“On what ship have you sailed here from, sir?” Crusoe asked. I anticipated this inquiry because he might’ve presumed the condition of another vessel (if there was one) was superior to the wreck that stranded him.
“I have no ship,” I confessed. “At least for now, we are both stranded here.”
My response appeased Crusoe momentarily, but he undoubtedly felt skeptical about my spontaneous emergence on the island. “You don’t look the part of a savage,” he noted, “and you haven’t yet hinted at the prospect of making yourself welcome to my supplies.”
“I won’t be here long,” I assured him.
“Then you must know things that I don’t,” he remarked. He then adjusted his torn clothing in a feeble attempt to cover up his gaunt frame. “You’ll have to pardon my frail appearance,” he continued. “I’ve recently convalesced from a frightful illness, one perpetuated by this tropic climate.”
“I didn’t mean to intrude at an awkward time,” I said.
“There’s never really an off time for sociable company on such an island,” said Crusoe. “The presence of a dog or cat doesn’t replace what we suddenly share.” It then occurred to me why Crusoe had referred to this region as a place of despair. Without an ability to interact with anyone, he was forced to communicate with his interior thoughts. Inevitably, I wondered how much we had in common. Whether a man was inaccessible by circumstance or choice rated as an interchangeable quandary. Maybe it was already too late for Crusoe to rectify the rigid course of my journey.
From my perspective, an introduction was unnecessary, but I forgot my advantage once again. I knew the history of Crusoe, but he didn’t even know what name to call me by. Since it was Thursday, and I wasn’t particularly fond of the prospect of being named after a weekday, I told him my name. Of course there was no expectation on my behalf that my identity mattered to Crusoe in the slightest way. He simply forwarded a peculiar stare at me as he tossed the cracked remnants of turtle shells to the sandy ground.
“My man Cobbs,” he remarked boisterously. “Has a rather nice sound to it, don’t you agree?”
“If that’s what you prefer to call me, so be it,” I replied. “I’m just trying to figure out why I’m here with you right now.”
“You mean you don’t know?”
“Not really.”
“I can’t fault you for being confounded by this predicament,” Crusoe returned. “It wasn’t until quite recently that I discovered that the perils on this island weren’t as detrimental as I first believed. After all, despite the tribulations that every man endures, his deliverance is never too far away.”
Perhaps if our discourse unwound at another moment in this day, Crusoe’s wisdom would’ve registered as at least partly motivating. But in light of what awaited him beyond this encounter, I didn’t sense any hope for my own future. Contrarily, I felt destined to absorb the mind-shattering blows of loneliness. Yet, I still reserved some inquisitiveness into Crusoe’s plight, for he was a man who certainly dealt with more hardship than I. Most men who studied his misadventure envied him for his resiliency. I was no different in this respect.
“What do you know that I need to understand, Robinson Crusoe?” I asked him directly. My question left no chance for misinterpretation on his part. The castaway accepted my inquiry with the same level of seriousness in which I asked it.
“Not too long ago,” Crusoe stated, “my opinions were as muddled as your own. But then, while in the midst of an illness that spawned a great fever, I witnessed an angel descending from a dark cloud that was set aflame.”
I had some previous knowledge of Crusoe’s epiphany, but I couldn’t claim to have shared his spontaneous belief in celestial spirits, and subsequently his freshly kindled passion for the New Testament.
“It will take more than the observance of a man suspended on a fiery cloud to convince me that all will turn out in my favor,” I said. “The woman I love is now dead, and there’s no one more at fault for this travesty than me.”
“We both know that whatever has occurred cannot be altered, but have you ventured this far into your journey to simply surrender now?”
“It might be easier for me to just die, too,” I told Crusoe. “What will it really matter once I am gone?”
“If that’s the way you truly feel, my man Cobbs, then there is no remedy in the secular or spiritual realm that will ever save you. But before you resign yourself to that sort of grimness, ask yourself why you’ve come to see me here.”
“I don’t know that answer.”
“Oh, poor miserable Corbin Cobbs,” Crusoe groaned. “Do you really believe that you’re the only man who feels alone in this world? A life without tests permits a man to ignore his resourceful nature. How will you ever learn what your full potential may be unless you’re made to endure circumstances that you once imagined as unthinkable?”
No one with a balanced perspective on life would’ve debated Crusoe’s logic, and although he was only in the first of twenty-eight years on the stretch of tropic earth, it seemed obvious to me that his tenacity for life was staunchly hitched to something far bigger than his own dreams. I shared a bit of his enthusiasm, but none of his faith.
“Before setting sail on my first voyage,” Crusoe added, “I spoke to my father about my untamed passion for the sea and quest for adventure. Predictably, he wanted me to traverse conventional pathways, avoiding the element of the unknown as if I’d somehow be better off by resisting the lures I most cherished. Despite the unfamiliar currents that awaited me on the ocean, I never considered my choice to sail as foolhardy. Besides, what I first recognized as a place of damnation is really one of salvation.”
I glanced beside a rock where Crusoe now knelt, almost in a gesture of prayer. A tattered but intact copy of the Bible was within an arm’s length of his grasp. He reached for this book as I fondly remembered holding my journal. “You’ve found the reference that will save you,” I declared, motioning toward his Bible. “But what will save me?”
The castaway didn’t answer me, and I assumed his strategy was to permit my own sullen words to recycle in my head until finding useful construction. When the echo couldn’t be disregarded any longer, I bid farewell to Robinson Crusoe. In isolation, a man had no choice but to confront the one thing that he neglected to examine routinely: his own conscience. For most of my life I had scrambled in search of happiness. For each person, the answer was different, but everyone needed to find inner peace in order to achieve fulfillment.
Now, I trod alone on the beach, watching a band of waves lap incessantly in the surf. The footprints I left behind in my travels wouldn’t remain here very long; this always reminded me of the pithiness of life. What was next for me? Was I resigned to sacrifice the remainder of my days by submerging into the tides of self-pity and woe? The answer to these questions resided in the realm of reality, and sometimes this was the loneliest of all isles.


Chapter 72

6:02 P.M.


Oftentimes, the world of fantasy represented a man’s sole refuge from the horrors of his own existence. When I reopened my eyes and surveyed the aftermath of carnage, the cruelty of this notion besieged my senses. Two bloodied bodies sprawled out beside me on my home’s front yard. No matter how many times I wished for this scene to fade invisibly into the recesses of my imagination, the authenticity of murder couldn’t be overlooked. My wife’s spilt blood, now coagulating in burgundy splotches on the walkway, stained both my hands as well. In my case, unlike the fingers and palms of Macbeth’s haunted lady, these damn spots of death were tangible.
Before developing any further plan of action, I noticed Cora Hart creeping up Overlook Avenue with her Pomeranians in tow. I didn’t have any time to grieve for my wife in silence; the white dogs barked ragingly on their leashes, nearly dragging the old lady onto my home’s driveway. In her mind, I must’ve appeared disorientated, and the fact that two lifeless bodies surrounded me on the grass didn’t bode well for any sort of explanation on my behalf. Besides, she had most likely already presumed that I exacted my revenge in the most barbaric fashion conceivable. Her face looked almost as pallid as her snarling hounds as she studied my position on the lawn. Rather than try to convince her that I was a victim in this situation almost as much as Rachel, I suppressed my thoughts and remained mute.
During what must’ve been a frightfully surreal moment for Cora, she relinquished her grasp on her dogs’ leashes, permitting them to intrepidly charge across the lawn like the 7th Cavalry into Little Big Horn. Neither animal showed any hesitancy while scampering through the grass, but their snow-white pelts soon displayed the gory affects of such heedlessness. My only concern was to leave this scene. I staggered onto my feet, cradling my journal in one hand and the handgun in the other. The resilient Pomeranians nipped and growled near my legs, but they didn’t stray close enough for me to resort to a counterattack. I heard Cora yelling my name repeatedly, but I was already committed to escaping the area. It only seemed logical for me to return to the place where I always felt most at peace. Fortunately, my retreat beside Lake Endelman was not too far out of range.
Before I departed the scene, I checked the gun to ensure that at least one bullet remained in its chamber. Without glancing back at the bodies or Cora Hart, I then stumbled toward a tree line in back of my house. Although the old woman didn’t pursue me, I knew that I wouldn’t have much time before the police retrieved me from my sylvan sanctuary, but death didn’t frighten me anymore. Although my gait may have been visibly unbalanced, I memorized every weave and turn within this thicket. Once I reached my destination, I’d have a chance to determine exactly how the rest of this day played out.
Within minutes, I emerged through the concealment of trees and entered a clearing in front of my most cherished portion of Lake Endelman. The sunlight already started to slip behind a partition of evergreens, but a few wands of tapered sunbeams glazed the lake’s surface with a tangerine haze. And just as it always had the power to do, the lone willow tree beside the water’s edge summoned my attention. Typically, I admired the tree’s dangling limbs, tickling the water’s surface with a protective instinct. On this occasion, however, my eyes fixated on the cairn of stones I had previously arranged beneath the willow’s branches. For perhaps the first time since I began assembling this makeshift pyramid of stones, I had an inclination of what I intended to do with them.
But before I ventured any farther in my quest, I found my usual seat upon the flat rock facing Lake Endelman. Here I waited for the loons’ calls that I yearned to hear so fervently now. I had situated myself on this stone mantle at least a thousand times before this moment, but the scenic view and sensations all seemed born anew. I traced my fingers over the velvety sheath of moss covering the rock, hoping to rekindle the blithe moments of my youth. My eyes gradually lowered to the journal positioned on my lap. I had still yet to scratch a letter within the book’s pages, but my wife’s blood now saturated the binding. Why hadn’t I written anything substantial in years? I trembled at my own procrastination. The passion of life had faded from my fingertips. What was left for me other than yesterday’s fractured memories, and the uncertainty of tomorrow?
After a short interval with no trace of the loons’ melodies within earshot, my thoughts swayed to the gun I still had grappled in my right hand. Before this time, I couldn’t deny that I contemplated turning the revolver against my own temple. The notion of killing myself with a firearm made me quiver, only because I didn’t want somebody to find my lifeless body in the middle of the woods. But the idea of ending my life was not a new feeling. I then glanced toward the cairn for a second time, and remembered why I placed them on the ground so purposefully. A few seconds later, I stood up from my granite throne, where I left my journal behind but kept the gun in hand while making my way to the collection beneath the willow tree.
Unlike many other flat rocks I had gathered in the past for skipping across the lake, these were slightly larger. I selected each one with a meticulous eye, making certain that the diameter of every stone didn’t exceed the width of my pockets. I then proceeded to complete what I deemed unavoidable now. I placed the gun on the soil beside the cairn and began to methodically disassemble my creation. Instead of returning the rocks to random spots along the lake’s shoreline, I began to stuff them one-by-one into my pant’s pockets. I contended that the extra weight would’ve been necessary to keep my body submerged in the water. Remarkably, almost by fateful design, I had bunched up just enough stones to fully stuff my four pockets. Once this deed was finished, I walked toward the lake that I loved so dearly. If there was a more magical place to take my last breath, I didn’t know of any. In any event, if another route existed for me at this stage, I aimed not to search for it. Rachel’s blood soaked through my shirt’s fabric, and I wanted desperately to wash away the reminder of my futility. How was it possible for me to live any longer with the knowledge that my blundering antics contributed to her death?
A soothing sensation lathered my skin like a healing ointment, and I realized that it was the lake itself that provided this wonder. I noticed that the water’s temperature was uncharacteristically tepid. But how was that possible? It was still early spring, and Lake Endelman’s water never rose above sixty degrees until the end of June. Regardless of logic, I continued to wade into the water until reaching the depth of my waist. I kept the gun raised in one hand, figuring that it wouldn’t respond properly if the barrel became wet. I continued to plod out into the lake until the water lapped against my chest. Once here, I stopped and realized that I had progressed nearly twenty paces from shore.
The lake’s surface glistened with the sheen of twilight. Then, for purposes I couldn’t readily define, I bowed my chin and stared intently at the water rippling around me. Within the protracted rings, I surveyed my own reflection. If anyone had managed to ignore or misinterpret the sorrow exuding from my pores, it was clearly visible now. I cringed at my appearance. What recourse did any man have if he couldn’t even bear to look upon his own image? At the moment, I hardly even recognized the person I had become both physically and mentally.
My procrastination would’ve ended at this juncture if I had pointed the revolver against my head and depressed its trigger. But in the true spirit of my character, before I summoned the courage to do so, a peculiar odor overwhelmed my senses. The fragrance I suddenly recognized was not native to this woodland, but that did not prevent it from drenching the air like a morning mist over the lakefront. The origin of this scent was the glue that had lingered around me all day, but it became particularly pungent in the company of one person. I turned to scan the wooded perimeter, eventually directing my eyes upon the willow tree for a frame of reference. Just beside the tree, sitting on my rock with his arms bent across his knees, I saw the custodian watching me.
I already suspected that he had followed me home, but I never imagined that he’d enter the woods and track me to my secret shelter. He must’ve noticed me with the gun, and most likely observed the fallen victims in my yard. Yet he displayed no indication that I’d be a threat to him as he held his broom out in front of himself as if the maintenance tool had a practical function in this forest. Instead of completing the task, I turned around in the direction of the shoreline and glared at the relentless custodian.
“Why have you followed me here?” I shouted at him. “This isn’t a good place for you to be right now.” My admonishment didn’t cause any noticeable reaction from the custodian. He continued to stare at me with eyes that appeared almost as forlorn as my own. After I returned to the water’s edge, he shifted slightly on the rock. However, he kept his eyes fixated on me as if the cohesive agent wafting in the air had bonded us.
“What do you want from me?” I asked. By now I had stepped completely out of the water in order to study his face more discerningly. Despite my resolve, the custodian displayed nothing but a morose expression. He then motioned to the gun, which I still held in my trembling hand.
“It looks like you’ve come to the end of the line,” he remarked in a whispery voice. “It’s a pity that you think this is the only escape for you, Cobbs.”
“Don’t worry about me,” I said, unnerved by his presence. For the better portion of today I felt a distinct aversion for this man, and it now seemed to intensify. “Why don’t you get out of here?” I suggested. “There’s nothing left for us to talk about.”
“I’m afraid I can’t leave now,” the custodian replied. “My job isn’t finished yet.”
“Your job?”
“The job of cleaning up after you,” he said with no trace of mockery. “Isn’t that what I’m expected to do—clean up the mess of other people?”
“I don’t want your help.” The custodian then directed my attention to my blood-splattered shirt and the pockets of my pants bulging with rocks.
“It looks to me that if any man ever needed to sign up for a help club, you’d be its mascot,” he remarked glibly. “But luckily for you, I take my work seriously. People need a good sweeping behind their footsteps now and again, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Didn’t you understand me the first time I told you? I don’t want your help,” I snapped. “Maybe you just don’t know how to listen.”
“Oh, I listen on occasion,” he assured me unapologetically. “But it’s not in my nature to just listen to anyone. In fact, generally speaking, things work out much better when the exact opposite occurs.”
The custodian’s arrogance continued to astound me, especially since he clearly distinguished the gun in my hand. He acted as though his broomstick was a more formidable mode of defense. “You really don’t know when to quit, do you?” I said to him. “You just keep pushing yourself into my business. I’m starting to think that you’re as crazy as I am.”
“I don’t believe you’re crazy,” the custodian countered. “But more importantly, I don’t think you believe that either.”
“You don’t even know me or what I’ve been through,” I grieved. “Now, please, why don’t you go home and let me end this day the way I see fit?” Shockingly, the custodian maintained his position on the rock without flinching. I peered at him anxiously, hoping to at least intimidate him into submitting to my demand. “I need to be alone,” I uttered.
“Why? Are you ashamed of what you’re hoping to accomplish?”
“No.”
“Afraid then?”
“Maybe, but I don’t want to talk about it with you.”
“If not with me, then with whom?”
I offered no immediate response to my challenger. Perhaps it would’ve been justifiable to raise the gun and fire a shot into the air to frighten him away. But I wasn’t sure if the gun had more than one bullet left in its chamber. Even as I stood before him, I couldn’t understand why I so thoroughly loathed this man. The custodian certainly hadn’t wronged me in the manner of Leon Chase, but I quaked with resentment at the mere sight of him.
“Do you realize how foolish it is for you to be here with me now?” I asked him. “It’s not even safe for you to be around me any longer.”
“Even if it was possible for me to leave you, I wouldn’t do it,” he retorted.
“You act as if you’re chained to that rock like Prometheus.”
“Well, then maybe it’s only appropriate that I’ve resigned myself to stealing your fire, Cobbs,” he returned, motioning to the gun. At that precise moment, a crow—perhaps the same one that perched earlier on Cora Hart’s chimney, landed on the willow tree’s branch. The custodian casually focused his eyes on the bird before saying, “but if I let you commit what you’ve presumably come here to do, it won’t be an eagle that pecks at your liver.” The crow’s caw distracted me momentarily, but I was determined to defy my visitor.
“Don’t try to be a hero,” I warned him. “I don’t even have time to explain my motivations to you right now.”
“Time? That’s all we really have, isn’t it? Are you going to let that gun become your stopwatch? Haven’t you learned anything on your journey today?”
Why did this man insist to confront me on my choices? I inched closer to him, so that my shoes nearly touched the bristles of his broom. “You still haven’t told me what you want,” I said tonelessly.
“I suppose I want what every man does,” he responded. “I think it’s the search for internal harmony that prevents us from wandering too far into deep water.”
“And what do you know about finding this harmony, as you call it?”
“Only that you don’t have it yet. But at least you’re closer to rediscovering it.”
This wasn’t the best time for me to engage in a philosophical discussion with the custodian. In spite of his tenacity to change me, I felt as though we had nothing else to debate. “If you don’t leave,” I told him, “you’ll be a witness to something tragic.”
“You still don’t get it,” the custodian sighed. “I can’t let you kill yourself, Cobbs, because I’d also be letting myself die.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Do you really think you were alone in your travels today?”
“I…I don’t know what you mean,” I said, perplexed by his uncanny intuition.
“Let me help you figure it out then,” he persisted. His eyes swayed to the willow tree before he spoke again. “I’ve scaled the towering turrets of fabled castles, and meandered through the pastoral provinces of English moors. I’ve previewed Victorian cities and surveyed the war-ravaged remnants of the world’s lost civilizations. I’ve journeyed high into the Swiss Alps and Appalachian trails, and deep into the wooded hollows of legendary pathways. My expeditions have guided me beyond the miry banks of the Mississippi River, through the serpentine savageness of a Congolese adventure, and along the flooded infrastructures of medieval Venice….”
“Unbelievable,” I gasped.
“Should I continue?”
I stood before the custodian transfixed, remembering that I had visited all of what he mentioned in my episodes. But how was it possible for him to infiltrate my dreams? No matter how mysterious his powers were in understanding me, he couldn’t have interpreted my subconscious thoughts so precisely.
“Who are you?” I questioned solemnly.
“Exactly who you need me to be.”
“How do you know about my episodes?”
“Look, Cobbs, I imagine you wouldn’t trust me if I told you who I was directly. But if you choose to perceive me as a stranger, then I’ll never be anything more than that to you.”
“You’re just another one of my dreams,” I said, although obviously unconvinced. “If I wait long enough, you’ll eventually disappear just like all the others.”
“But you’re not unconscious now,” he reminded me. “Besides, I may disappear at times, but I’ll never be a dream.”
As ardently as I yearned to extract this custodian from my mind, I knew that he was more than just a figment of my imagination—at least far more than the other characters I encountered today. My concentration reverted to the gun again, as if this weapon served as the final judgment to our discourse. In an action intended to drive the custodian away from me, I nudged the revolver against my temple. The custodian still refused to budge from his seat on the rock. It was as if dared me to squeeze the trigger. My finger twitched on the mechanism, but I couldn’t complete such a cowardly deed in front of him.
“Is this how you want to be remembered?” the custodian inquired. “Has it reached a point where you can’t see yourself living beyond this moment?”
“What’s really left for me? I’ve failed miserably at everything I’ve ever done.”
“You know that’s a blatant lie. And what is the ultimate form of failure anyway? Is it best to die alone in the woods by your own choice? Is that what you wish your legacy to be?”
“I’m dying anyway. You must know that, too.”
“I don’t see that at all.”
“But you seem to have previewed my episodes. If that’s the case, then you must also know that they’re slowly killing me.”
Since at least this morning, the custodian had studied me as if he had acquired more insight into my own life than I did. As he continued, I had an inclination that he wouldn’t ever abandon this practice. “Sooner or later, you’re going to have to open your eyes and see things as they really are. You’ve plodded through this day with regret for most of the episodes because it was a barometer for you to measure your sickness. But I’m here to remind you that none of the episodes were ever a part of your illness.”
“You don’t know what you’re saying,” I refuted. “The fact is if I didn’t have any blood clots in my brain, I wouldn’t be randomly passing out.” My argument was uncontestable, but I made a mistake by trying to convince the custodian that medical logic served as a source to my disease.
“It’s apparent that you have it all backwards,” the custodian avowed. “The episodes you’ve had today weren’t killing you. Conversely, they’ve kept you alive.” I didn’t wish to sound obtuse, but I sensed he was resorting to semantics to ease the inevitability of my demise.
“I appreciate what you’re trying to do,” I told him. “But the fact remains that I’m a dying man.”
“And who among us that lives and breathes isn’t dying?” the custodian asked. “There are countless people who exist eighty years without the slightest hint of sickness. But does that mean they’re truly alive? How many vapid faces have you stared at over the years—eyes devoid of dreams long before they draw their final breaths of air?”
Although I wished to keep my thoughts aligned in the moment, my parents’ images swirled within my head. I then recalled the last words my father spoke to me: ‘I want to live.’ The custodian continued to stare at me as if he interpreted my thoughts without hearing me state them aloud.
“The people you’ve met today,” he went on, “whether real or imagined, have permitted you to live, Corbin Cobbs. No man’s trek through life truly ends until all his dreams fade to black.”
“How do you know so much about me?”
The custodian astutely averted my question by responding with a declaration of his own. “The problem may be that you want to understand too much. Maybe it’s better to leave a little mystery in the closet of your mind.”
“I’ve done enough guesswork for one day,” I groaned. “If what you say is true, then you should be forthright and tell me who you are. I still don’t even know your name.”
The custodian then removed one hand from his broom and pointed his index finger to the lake behind me. “If you really want to know who I am, look in the one place where you always find the most serenity.”
“In the lake,” I whispered, spinning instinctively toward the water again. I scanned the lake’s surface. As I edged forward, the last traces of sunlight beaded on the water. Then, after I felt the water spilling over my shoes again, I glanced down and distinguished my own reflection. I must’ve stared at my haggard face for several seconds before I realized that the gun had slipped from my fingers and sank in the lake’s shallow fringes. I didn’t attempt to retrieve the weapon, for it had no purpose in my life any longer.
“You’re right,” I shouted toward the custodian. “This isn’t the place I want to die. It’s the place I want to live. There’s still work to be done here.” I swung back toward the rock where the custodian had stationed himself moments ago. But my spot upon the flat stone was now empty, save for the journal that I set there beforehand. Rather than attempt to locate the custodian by shouting for him, I realized the uselessness of such an endeavor. I now had a keen understanding to where my peace resided. I checked the sun’s position in the sky again. Even without my watch, I pinpointed the precise time of day. Just a flicker of daylight remained in the sky, but it was quite enough to use to my advantage.


Chapter 73

6:19 P.M.


In the near distance, just beyond the jade camouflage encompassing Lake Endelman, I heard the police cars’ pealing sirens nearing Willows Edge. Instead of focusing on this noise or the lake, my ruminations adhered to the rock. It took me only a few minutes to remove the stones from my pockets, and once discarding the last one into the lake, I felt my silver coin. My loonie was still with me, and I ventured back toward my moss-covered throne as if awaiting a coronation. For a few moments I absorbed the pleasures of my surroundings. The scents of moistened maple and oak were like old friends to me now. Another time-tested acquaintance became apparent, too. I required no further motivation to reintroduce myself to this welcomed stranger.
I picked my journal up from the rock with both hands and clutched its leather sheath as if it was a shield from this world’s calamities. My silver pen was still wedged in the journal’s binding, and although blood darkened its cover and paper, these factors didn’t dissuade me from opening the book. The aroma of fresh paper delighted me almost as much as the loons’ songs. To a writer, new paper signified the possibilities of dreams yet to come. I now had a chance to prove to myself that all my visions of the world hadn’t been squandered.
As I curled my fingers around my pen, I imagined the first word I’d put to paper in over four years. In this moment, the sound of the sirens became almost nonexistent. Something much more calming encompassed my ears. I had almost surrendered any hope of listening to what I yearned to hear again, but my winged saviors had come back to Lake Endelman to entrance me.
The common loons’ songs pulsated with a haunting rhythm, encouraging me to write words that first formed in my heart. For as long as I was able, I’d remain here and revisit the wonders that I ignorantly abandoned as a younger man. My father once told me that every moment of life delivered a man closer to his true nature. I probably didn’t fully appreciate his insight when he initially dispensed it, but as it was with most inventive thoughts exchanged between a father and his son, its value became increasingly relevant as I aged. Suddenly, my crusade toward tomorrow didn’t seem too far away.

# # #


About the Author:

Michael Ciardi currently teaches 12th grade literature and creative writing at a high school in New Jersey. You may contact him via email at lunarprose@gmail.com.

