








God Said Woof
Rick Gatzby


Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2008 Rick Gatzby

Author’s Notes and Acknowledgments


A heartfelt thank you to my family who may not understand my need to engage in the often soul-rending process of writing,  yet still tolerate and even encourage it.

A very special thank you to Michael Jefferson Zafiropoulos @ ZAFRO Creative (http://www.zafrocreative.com) for the truly awesome cover art.

In all things, I thank God for all the blessings of life that have been bestowed upon me, even the arduous ones…


This novel is a work of fiction. All places, people, names, incidents, etc. either come from the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Please note that this novel is intended to be an exploration, not a doctrinal dissertation or declaration of “religious correctness.” 










Copyright 2008 Rick Gatzby




For my Daughter





Part I
Genesis




“In my Father’s house are many mansions; if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.”
Jesus Christ, John 14:2




“...And if a double-decker bus crashes into us, to die by your side, is such a heavenly way to die... And if a 10-ton truck kills the both of us, to die by your side, well, the pleasure, the privilege is mine... There is a light and it never goes out...”
- 	Morrissey/The Smiths



Chapter 1


Dr. Miles Trebuchet sighed despondently as he gazed through the still-juvenile greenery before him, the sparsely populated patchwork of shifting leaves periodically revealing the source of his dismay. He watched as hands that looked like they were groping for purpose finished unfurling yet another enormous banner in the morning air. The giant standard appeared to have been hand-stained in deep crimson, giving it a streaked and mottled appearance in hues of rich, accusatory red.
“Like it was tie-dyed in blood,” thought Miles with a grimace, a hint of acrid vomit suddenly erupting from his stomach, journeying far enough up his throat for his nostrils to pick up just a whiff of the bleu-cheese-stuffed olives that had bathed luxuriously in the “dirty martini” he had savored the previous evening.
“A beating heart is a matter of science, not faith – don’t stop mine.” read Miles through the thin row of small trees before him.
He sighed again, his breath catching raggedly in his throat.
To Miles it felt as though his body had sighed far too many times recently and was protesting having to do so any longer. He was tired, exhausted at every level. It was like his body had been drained of its joi de vivre at a cellular level.
Knowing he probably shouldn’t, but unable to resist the temptation, Miles engaged the driver’s side power window – and heard what he had come to fear most.
Nothing.
The morning breeze brought him the rustling sound of shifting leaves, along with the faint sound of unfurled signs and banners rippling with canvas and cardboard applause across the street.
But that was all.
No raised voices, no impromptu sermons, no outdoor choir practice, no prayers for the damned.
Just silence.
Damnable, unbearable silence.
It was a quiet that contained nothing but the breath of the morning – and the accusatory hush of a thousand or so indicting eyes.
Miles slumped in his seat, and sighed again. 
The morning was going to be even worse than expected. It was going to be the “silent treatment” again. The singing and occasional haranguing he could take. It was the soul-crucifying quiet that dug into him like a worm without end, gnawing away endlessly at his emotional well-being. Sure the usual singing was awful – out of tune, discordant, a cacophonous pedestrian orchestra that screeched at Miles’ classically trained ears like cheap drugstore nails against an overused blackboard.
But the silence was worse.
Miles suddenly didn’t want to go to work today. Perhaps he could just sink into the mechanically cooled luxury of his treasured BMW, like a child feigning sickness in order to stay home from school.
“There’s no place like my ‘Beamer’,” thought Miles as he “clicked” his heels together, mimicking Dorothy in the “Wizard of Oz.”
But Miles knew had to go. He had important work to do, and he wasn’t going to be deterred by a gaggle of misguided crazies.
Miles closed his eyes, breathed deeply, thought of his beloved wife Catherine and daughter Ashley, and began silently counting the blessings in his life. At 100, he cracked his window ever so slightly, letting the morning breeze gently invade his cocoon of automotive luxury.
Miles then cracked a smile as the first hint of what sounded like hummingbirds in the trees or a few wayward bees reached his ears.
“A reprieve!” thought Miles excitedly, just a hint of optimism suddenly grabbing onto the corners of his soul and lifting upward a bit, forming the beginnings of a spiritual smile as the vibrating hum in the air became discernible as softly singing voices.
“Out of tune as usual, but music to my ears,” chimed Miles aloud, hoping the sound of his own voice being added to the “choir” would provide some firmament for his psyche, some resolve for his soul. He would take all the cosmic assistance he could muster this day. Something told him his “normal” walk to work was going to be particularly trying today.
Miles didn’t really care for the hymn singing. It was trite, clichéd, and predictable. But it was preferable to the soul-crushing weight of the silence. And it was far better than the mute condemnation of all those eyes. Walking in front of a few thousand human beings who stood in transfixed silence, simply staring at you with utter enmity, was not a pleasant experience. It was somehow better when they were shouting.
“Time to go,” thought Miles hurriedly, wanting to take advantage of the break in the inaction.
“With you by my side – for strength, for courage – always,” stated Miles earnestly, solemnly, drawing strength from his beloved wife Catherine as he briefly closed his eyes and pictured her in his mind once more.
Catherine was the source of all his earthly fortitude. She was his everything, and Miles seldom went more than 10 minutes without thinking of her. He considered trying to give her a quick call, but he knew it would likely turn into an hour or more on the phone. Miles loved talking to his wife and always found it almost impossible to part ways with their conversations.
And it was already past nine in the morning. He simply didn’t have the time for a call. He had important work to do – for all mankind, and he needed to get going. It was time to stiffen both his back and his resolve. It was time to start his day.
“Who shall it be this morning?” stated Miles resolutely, still thinking of his wife but turning his conscious attention to the task at hand as he began rifling through a Ralph Lauren duffel bag on the passenger seat next to him.
“Barney? Woody Woodpecker? Porky Pig? Bugs Bunny? Ronald Reagan? Bill Clinton? Buzz Lightyear? Sean Connery as James Bond?”
Wanting to tweak the collective nose of the protesters outside his clinic, Miles had taken to wearing “humorous” masks into work every morning.
“Call attention to absurdity by being absurd,” said Miles as he continued to search for the perfect head covering while thinking about the truly ridiculous, small-minded people who now came out daily to protest his clinic and his mission.
The media, of course, had loved Miles’ approach to engaging the protesters. A successful physician and community icon donning latex Halloween masks every morning while strolling in to work? From a journalistic point of view, what wasn’t to love? That’s the kind of stuff that simply sells newspapers and makes people tune in to television newscasts, and Miles had made the evening news on more than one occasion disguised as some infamous cartoon character or politician while waving to the gathered throng of protesters across the street from his clinic.
Miles certainly didn’t mind the media attention. It attracted donors for his clinic and supporters of his cause in general; he had already had one anonymous donor contribute to the tune of almost a half million dollars as a result of the publicity. Donors of that class and caliber were few and far between, and Miles was grateful for each and every one of them. Money certainly wasn’t everything, but it paid the sometimes very large bills that his research sometimes generated.
Miles was also convinced that people like the misguided souls across the street from his clinic – those who seemed to suffer perpetually in the darkness of ignorance and delusion – seldom liked the sunlight that the media provided. The forces of darkness seemed to have a way of retreating when faced with the light of the common-sense majority, and Miles felt the media was one source of light that helped foster a beacon of common sense for the community – as he himself did on a daily basis by standing up to the sometimes lunatic fringe of religious America. For Miles, members of the media were more than a “necessary evil.” They were a welcome ally and partner.
“Perfect,” thought Miles with nostalgic glee as his scrounging suddenly revealed the hollow, soulless eyes of Fred Flintstone staring up at him from the confines of the duffel bag.
Miles rolled his window back up to shut out the hymns to an imaginary “God” and donned his Fred mask. He grabbed his favorite Dunhill briefcase from the backseat and purposefully exited the air-conditioned comfort of his 7-series BMW.
“Hot!.. And Bright!” thought Miles upon hitting the pavement, his legs swaying slightly, the sun’s burning assault forcing him to lean back against his beloved vehicle for support.
Miles brought his hand up quickly to try and shield himself from the rays of sunlight that today seemed more like lasers from some kind of hellish furnace than life-giving beams of glowing morning beauty.
“Did the sun decide to go supernova today? And when had it gotten so hot?” thought Miles quizzically as he felt small beads of sweat begin to form almost immediately on his face and forehead.
Yes, it was Arizona. And it was the same desert heat that Miles enjoyed and sometimes raved about to his friends who still lived in the Northeast. But it seemed like only yesterday that the mornings had been merely refreshingly warm, with just the right amount of early morning sunlight to create the illusion of a perfect, golden moment before the real heat of the day laid claim to the desert.
But today was different. It was blistering hot already, and it was bright enough to be a planet-sized advertisement for halogen headlamps.
And it was still only a little after 9 a.m.
“It must be better than 100 degrees already,” thought Miles, his Fred Flintstone mask adding to the problem by creating an intense, artificial plastic heat against his brow.
Miles was quickly realizing that wearing a mask to work for the foreseeable future was not going to be as much fun as it had been a couple of months ago when the temperatures had been a bit more moderate. He noticed as well that the pavement seemed like it was already well into the process of becoming a spongy, black frying pan for human feet, his loafers almost sinking into pavement that felt like it was threatening to become a tar pit.
“Maybe I’ll give up masks and switch to a nice, cool t-shirt that decries the oppressive, patriarchal boot of traditional American society and its servants of mysticism,” thought Miles with one of his signature wry grins that was hidden from the world by the nonsensically smiling demeanor of Fred Flintstone.
“Yabba Dabba Doo,” thought Miles with a slightly nervous smile as he broke through the covering of small trees that had previously at least partially hidden him from the gathered, hymn-singing masses. He breathed in slowly, deliberately – and made his way onto the sidewalk that ran in front of his clinic.
The low hum of singing that vibrated in the morning air quickly escalated as Miles came into view, and he once again felt the pitch, tone and volume of the sound rise like a rogue wave from amongst the sea of protesters. It was a sensation that made him feel uneasy and a little frightened, but one which he also found fascinating. It was so much like an ocean wave made of sound, that it was genuinely eerie – and intriguing. Despite being the target of the wave, Miles found himself drawn to the power of the sound. The effect it had on his senses was – interesting. Besides, the “Hymn Wave,” as Miles called it, was still a vast improvement over the soul-numbing silence that was so often awarded him as the protesters’ top prize.
“They really are terrible singers,” thought Miles with another wry grin, making his gait as purposeful and confident as possible as he began briskly strolling down the sidewalk toward the dark granite steps that formed the entrance to his clinic.
“Yabba Dabba Doo,” exclaimed Miles again.
As usual, he held his hand high in the air and made a fist of rebellion toward the singing crowd, thinking as he did so of the black athletes who had pronounced their solidarity to the world with a similar gesture at the Olympics in Mexico City in 1968. He knew what to expect as he did so. The singing would get louder and even more discordant and out of tune, if that were even possible.
Miles did it anyway.
The force of the wave that came back at him this day, however, surprised even the rather unflappable scientist who was Miles Trebuchet. It was as though the singing immediately trebled in volume, like some supernatural bullhorn had suddenly come into existence in the midst of the gathered throngs. Miles could almost feel the air vibrating around his clenched fist, as though the sky itself were in pain.
 “I could sure use my friend and companion Barney Rubble at my side today,” thought Miles as he battled the audible power of the crowd with some of the last vestiges of his ever-present wit that these days seemed to be just a little less ever present.
Miles switched from his “fist of power” to his “royal wave” and began motioning to the crowd like an Iowa State Fair Queen in the back of a convertible during a Saturday-morning parade.
“You’re all a bunch of misguided zealots who should look into joining the Flat Earth Society you know,” exclaimed Miles to the singing crowd as he rotated his outstretched, cupped hand in a now much-practiced and somewhat-expert rendition of a beauty queen’s “royal wave.”
Miles knew, however, that his words fell on deaf ears, both figuratively and literally. The crowd across the street was really too far away and was far too loud to hear him. But somehow it always made him feel better to hear his own voice in uncomfortable or frightening situations, and this situation really was getting more frightening by the day. Miles knew in his heart that something would have to be done soon or things were going to reach a boiling point of some sort, and then there would likely be serious trouble, the kind of trouble that ends in explosions and fire and innocent people being hurt.
He detested conflict, and if anyone was a “lover not a fighter” it was Miles. But he knew things were going to have to change in rather short order if the current explosively dangerous situation was going to be defused – before things turned ugly. The FBI had already contacted him about who he thought the ringleaders of the operation might be, and he was more than inclined to cooperate with the authorities fully.
“Just perk up your ears and listen,” thought Miles as he remembered what he had told the FBI regarding how easy it was in general to pick out the “cream” of the protester crop. The leaders were always louder than everyone else, and they seemed to have a somewhat abnormal fondness for bullhorns.
Miles desperately sought peace over conflict wherever possible, but it was beginning to feel like it wouldn’t be too long before he would have to work with the FBI in earnest in order to put some of the rabidly fanatical haters in their place, for the safety and good of everyone. He had incredibly important work to do on stem-cell research that could literally lead to a new renaissance of health and wellness for all mankind. He simply couldn’t, he wouldn’t, let a congregation of misguided religious fanatics get in the way of that kind of progress.
“Yes, I love you too,” said Miles from behind his mask as he continued to walk and wave, realizing as he went that he was approaching the most dangerous point in his daily routine, the point at which he would be closest to the crowd.
The chanting throngs of protesters were blocked from getting too near his clinic by uniformed police officers and black police barricades, but Miles knew a smiling Fred Flintstone “acknowledging” an impassioned gathering with the “royal wave” of an Iowa State Fair Queen was a potentially explosive situation that was fraught with the potential for violence. Anyone in the vicinity who was even remotely conscious had to be able to feel the tension in the air.
Miles could certainly feel it.
It felt like an invisible mist of raw human emotion had rolled in like a fog, covering everything and everyone in the area with a visceral sense of the extreme, heightening all emotions, feelings, and actions to a state of human criticality.
Miles knew it was an atmosphere rife with possibilities for anger and potentially violent confrontation. He could see that the police officers on hand sensed the very real danger as well as they scrambled to and fro in front of the crowd, trying their utmost to defuse the explosive potential of the situation. It was like this pretty much every day now, and Miles was beginning to genuinely tire of the game.
As usual, the Hymn Wave started to lose its power and fury as Miles approached the stone steps to his clinic. It was almost as though the wave was crashing against the hard, rocky shoreline that led up into the brick building which housed his laboratories and offices.
“My shelter in a storm,” thought Miles as he gazed up at his beloved clinic where he was sure he would someday solve many of the physical ailments and ills from which mankind still suffered.
“Ok, give me your best,” thought Miles as he turned to face the crowd from the top of the steps.
Miles knew from experience that his arrival at the entrance to his clinic and the crashing of the Hymn Wave upon its steps were always precursors to the final act – a tremendous outpouring of raw emotion that would rise from the sea of protesters like a tsunami before smashing against the brick facade of his clinic, threatening to drown him in anguish as it flowed over, around and through him. This was where peaceful pretexts stopped, the singing ended, and raw human emotion came to the fore.
“Yabba Dabba Doo,” said Miles a bit sorrowfully, his voice trailing off a bit, his body and spirit both recoiling involuntarily as the tremendous wall of human vitriol crashed into him.
Although nobody could possibly hear him amidst the rising clamor, Miles spoke softly behind his mask about the power of science and the promise it held for all mankind. He for one, was not about to be swayed from progress by the unenlightened and inane, particularly if they were going prove how right he was by continuing with these rabid daily protestations against progress.
“The Royal Duke of Hanna Barbera,” thought Miles from behind his mask, picturing “Mutley” and “Dick Dastardly” from the Laff-A-Lympics cartoons at his side as he continued waving, trying as best he could to lighten the emotional load.
A 50-foot banner that appeared to be dripping with blood was rippling and waving enthusiastically as Miles gazed across the raucous crowd. Miles found the banner to be genuinely grotesque, and he groaned inwardly on behalf of the misguided people who had been twisted enough to think that particular “artwork” would somehow provide a positive message of change for the world.
Miles went to close his eyes for a moment to think once more of Catherine, but stopped short, his breath catching in his throat as his eyes fell upon an astonishingly beautiful little girl standing silently in a pocket of tranquility amidst the roaring sea of humanity that surrounded her. With her rather diminutive stature, Miles wasn’t sure how it was even possible that he could see the little girl amidst the crowd. But there she was, her stance carefree, her expression almost amused. She looked like she was surrounded by a force field that somehow kept her separate and protected from the writhing mass around her.
Miles stood transfixed as his gaze settled on the lovely little girl who looked to be perhaps eight or nine years old. She wore a frilly white party dress and shiny white shoes made of patent leather, the kind to shoes that little girls always seem to like to dress up in. Her hair was resplendent, blossoming with dozens of delicate, diminutive white flowers that wound gracefully throughout her long, flowing locks. The little girl stood absolutely still, completely quiet and motionless, despite the sea of chaos that churned around her.
“Her eyes,” thought Miles as he noticed the little girl’s intense, unwavering gaze was focused directly on him. It was a piercing stare that seemed to have the wisdom of the universe behind it, easily penetrating Miles’ Fred Flintstone façade, boring a hole directly through the heart – all the way to his soul. Miles found himself frozen, breathless, utterly and completely transfixed by the little girl’s gaze.
“I think I am going to be violently ill,” thought Miles as he suddenly began to feel very nauseous and strangely sick.
It was a nausea that seemed to start somewhere down deep inside of him, someplace near the core of his being as it reached outward from his spirit into his physical body with powerful tendrils of affliction.
“Yep, definitely going to need to lie down soon,” thought Miles, disturbed greatly by the overwhelming sickness that was suddenly assailing him. His heart felt like it was missing every third beat, and Miles heard himself groan involuntarily with genuine discomfort as he felt his testicles start to initiate a trek towards the safety of his abdomen.
“What does she want from me?” thought Miles, a small sense of panic beginning to creep up his spine as he continued to lock stares with the beautiful little girl.
Miles mentally steeled himself and tried to tear his eyes away, hoping to break the spell that the angelic little girl with the flowers in her hair seemed to have cast upon him. But try as he might, he simply could not disrupt the little girl’s mesmerizing stare. No matter how hard he tried, he was incapable of turning away.
“Such delicate, exotic little flowers,” thought Miles with a kind of detached sense of wonder as he watched the sea of chaos seem to suddenly recede from around the little girl even further as he continued to helplessly return her unwavering gaze. 
“Doesn’t anybody else see this?” thought Miles with complete incredulity, the continuing stare of the little girl making him feel confused, mesmerized, and despite the blast-furnace heat of the day – cold.
With movement that was so fast so as to be almost imperceptible, the little girl quickly ducked under the police barricade in front of her and began walking slowly but purposefully toward Miles. She continued to paralyze Miles with her gaze as she walked steadily and confidently toward his position at the top of the stone steps that led up to the entrance to his clinic. Miles was amazed and truly shocked that no one seemed to notice the little girl save for himself. How could the roaring sea of a crowd not fall into a shocked silence at the sight of a little girl approaching their version of Satan? And where were the cops? The police continued their near-heroic efforts to try and control a crowd that was on the verge of being completely out of control, but they didn’t even glance at the little girl. No one reached out to to help her. No one put a hand out to stop her. It was as though the little girl remained unseen, as though she existed only for Miles.
Miles groaned again, sweat beginning to pour down his face even more profusely as he gazed down at the rapidly approaching cherub. No longer assailed with cold, now Miles felt a little as though he were catching on fire from the inside. It felt as though his entire intestinal tract had been filled with napalm; at any moment he would spontaneously combust in a cramping fit of fiery puke and diarrhea.
“I think I am about to become a giant, vomiting Roman Candle,” thought Miles, grasping again at his somewhat acerbic wit in order to try and maintain some semblance of a grip on reality.
Unfortunately, it wasn’t working.
Miles felt beads of sweat turn to droplets and then become streams as his body attempted to compensate for the heat that was building within him. The inside of his Fred Flintstone mask was rapidly becoming clammy and slick with after-shave scented moisture.
And still Miles felt paralyzed by the little girl’s unwavering stare, finding himself completely helpless to turn away or look elsewhere despite every effort on his part to do so.
Tendrils of wriggling ice suddenly returned, joining the fire that seemed to be burning him alive as the two elemental forces began working their way through Miles’ body, eventually reaching out for his throat, making him feel as though he were choking on the very air he needed to breathe. A sickening, heavy tickle had begun at the back of his throat as well, and Miles thought there was a very good chance he was going to throw up in front of the gathered throngs of people.
“That’s going to make the evening news for sure,” thought Miles as he tried desperately to combat the rising sense of nausea that seemed to be doing its best to choke the life from him.
Miles had a sudden thought that perhaps puking on himself in front of a thousand people on the evening news might not be so bad in the overall scheme of things. Although certainly an embarrassing occurrence, such an event might actually do him a service in regard to engendering renewed sympathy for his plight with the more extremist factions of America’s religious family.
“Projectile vomiting on the six-o’clock news might just garner me some fresh attention and donations,” thought Miles, wincing a little as sharp pains began to assail his abdomen.
“Such incredibly beautiful flowers,” thought Miles, trying to distract himself from the sickness that was besieging him as he examined the little petals that wound prettily throughout the little girl’s hair.
Miles thought the flowers looked a bit like a white version of the buttercups he used to pick for his mother as a child when she had been sick so many years ago.
“Mom,” thought Miles, realizing this was a really, really bad time to take a stroll down that particular memory lane, but knowing in his heart that he was going be completely unable to keep himself from doing so.
It had been cancer of course. It was always cancer. Cancer was a sickness with which his family was well acquainted. It had always been his family’s bilious miscreant of a first, second and third cousin.
Miles’ mother had proclaimed all of the standard platitudes of course, the usual tripe that Miles had heard repeatedly through the years, not only from his own family but from others with cancer as well.
“We’re going to fight this with the Lord and we are going to pray until we win.”
“God will spare me if I believe in his promises of healing, if I pass his test of faith.”
“I’m a survivor, I am going to beat this.”
Then, in the end, as was always the case, neither the platitudes nor the prayers had mattered, and Miles’ beloved mother had simply died – just six months after being diagnosed with the disease that had eventually killed her.
Miles had been 12.
It was at her funeral that he had really begun to devote himself to the realities of science and the grounded promise that logic and rationality seemed to hold for all mankind. Miles had made a pact with himself the day after his mother’s funeral that he was going to spend his life trying to fix many of the ills that besieged mankind, starting with cancer, and he was going to do so without the obviously worthless assistance of myths, monsters, and imagined spiritual beings.
“Pop!” heard Miles as he was pulled violently from the memories of his past back to the events of the present.
The little girl with the white, buttercup-style flowers in her hair had stopped at the base of the steps in front of Miles and was looking up at him with eyes of unbelievably pure sapphire blue. She was blowing huge bubbles of pink bubble gum while staring at him with an amused, somewhat-quizzical expression.
“Why doesn’t anyone notice her? Is she invisible or something? She is right there in front of me, I know I am not just imagining this!” thought Miles with panicked anguish as he continued to be helplessly transfixed by the gaze of the beautiful little girl.
Miles simply couldn’t understand why the police weren’t vaulting their own barricades in order to come to his assistance. None of it made any sense.
“I don’t think I want to go on this ride,” thought Miles as he watched the quiet little girl before him smile brightly and blow another large pink bubble, his legs starting to tremble and weaken as the ground beneath him began to spin.
Miles watched helplessly as the impossibly large bubble continued to grow, the little girl very slowly raising her delicate little hand as she pumped short bursts of air into her fantastic bubble.
“I think I am definitely going to puke,” thought Miles, feeling his legs start to wobble precariously and the steps beneath him start to move in earnest as an even greater sense of nausea welled up within him.
Miles suddenly found himself flashing back to the county fair he had attended shortly after his mother’s funeral. He remembered one carnival ride in particular, a ride that after three county-fair corn dogs and two large Pepsis had caused him to be horrifically ill.
The “Nordic Bobs” thought Miles, gagging slightly at the memory. 
Miles remembered how the toboggan-themed ride had consisted of a dozen or so blue-and-white plastic cars that had been painted crazily with lightning bolts and snowflakes. The cars on the ride had careened around in a circle, with the back side of the circle raised well up into the air at an angle, and there were bumps and undulations in the track so that the cars traveled around and around and up and down in a radically disorienting and sickening manner.
And the music…
Miles would never forget the music. Huge, overdriven speakers that surrounded the track had blasted static that included the latest tune from the Steve Miller Band as Miles had raced around and around and up and down.
“Big old jet airliner, carrying me to my home, ooohhh, ooohh, ooh...” remembered Miles as thin, watery “you are definitely going to puke” saliva began to flood his mouth.
Miles had consumed three wonderfully sweet, crispy corn dog and two giant Pepsis before enthusiastically riding the “Nordic Bobs.” He had then proceeded to throw up in a swelteringly hot county-fair porta-potty for more than an half an hour, his heaves of exhumation feeling like they were going to expel not only his entire intestinal tract, but his very soul as well.
Miles had always thought afterwards that everyone had a seminal event of nausea and sickness in their life, a brief period of time where one just couldn’t throw up enough and usually wished to just die while doing so. The “Nordic Bobs” had been where Miles had placed his marker.
“The ‘Nordic Bobs’,” thought Miles again as he looked at the beautiful little girl before him and felt that same sense of life-ending nausea from all those years ago calling out to him once more.
Miles thought there was an extremely good chance he was going to ruin his Fred Flintstone mask very soon by splattering the latex inside with the remnants of the Caramel Marchiato he had obtained earlier in the morning from Starbuck’s.
“At least my puke will perhaps have a chance to taste good,” thought Miles, trying once again to fall back on his sense of humor in order to do battle with the forces of evil that were assailing him.
And still Miles could not make himself move or turn away. The little girl held him utterly transfixed with her gaze. His heart felt like it was being crushed, like the hand of fate had reached out for the core of his being with a vice-like grip, a giant hand with the word “f-o-r-e-v-e-r” tattooed across its knuckles.
The rolling tidal wave of human vitriol continued to crash upon the steps of the clinic just behind the little girl, but no sound seemed to reach past her. Miles found himself in a small sphere of calm with the little girl, an area so quiet, so completely devoid of sound, that had a ladybug landed on his shoulder Miles was sure he would have been able to hear the working of its wings.
“Pop!” came the sound from the bursting of the beautiful little girl’s latest giant pink bubble as she continued to slowly raise her hand.
Miles thought the little girl had perhaps seen him earlier and was going to return his “royal wave.” Instead, the cherubic little girl with delicate white flowers in her hair reached out with her right arm, extended her forefinger, and raised her thumb. Miles felt the stone steps beneath him begin to really rock and roll as he realized what the little girl was now pointing at him.
“A gun?” thought Miles, completely incredulous as he stood completely still, utterly transfixed by the little girl’s paralyzing gaze.
The sickness within Miles seemed to suddenly double the ferocity of its assault, and Miles found himself unable to cope with it anymore as he dropped to his knees and began ruining the inside of his mask with the putrid bile that had once been his upscale breakfast. No longer upper crust, Miles’ breakfast was now just up.
Miles grabbed onto the stone steps below him for support as he threw up violently in front of his clinic. In his sickness, Miles thought he could hear the Steve Miller Band playing somewhere in the distance.
As the first wave of vomiting seemed to subside, Miles looked up from his knees and tried to focus on the little girl who was still standing quietly before him, tears streaming from his eyes as he tried desperately to understand what was making him so God-awful sick. The situation was surreal and the heat was truly oppressive, but Miles still couldn’t understand why he was breaking out in enough cold sweat to douse a bonfire, his stomach and head spinning like it was “Typhoon Day” at the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disneyland.
The angelic little girl, still mercilessly demanding with her incredible, sapphire-blue eyes that Miles return her gaze, suddenly approached Miles, coming close enough so that Miles could smell the perfume of the flowers in her hair as she whispered directly into his ear. Her voice was soft and fragrant, like a delicate white rose petal on the wind.
“We Love You...” said the little girl, the last word trailing off like a flower caught up by the final breath of creation.
And then the overwhelming sickness was upon him again, Yabba Dabba chunks once more erupting from the gash in the latex that formed Fred’s “mouth” as Miles fell over sideways onto the unforgiving stone that firmly announced the entrance to his clinic. Miles’ head cracked sickly against the bile-coated concrete.
“Tastes like a crispy, sweet county-fair corn dog,” thought Miles absently, his head ringing as he watched a now-fuzzy version of the little girl with the “finger gun” step back from him and silently form the word “bang” with her cherubic, rose-petal lips.  
It was the last thing Miles saw before the Pirates of the Caribbean swept him away into darkness.


Chapter 2


“Oh God, please, not again,” implored Henry Wilkinson in an unsteady voice that betrayed more than a hint of unwelcome and previously uncommon fear.
“God grant me strength – and perseverance,” whispered Henry as fangs of anxiety began to gnaw at his spirit, sending the first quaking precursors of panic glinting off his nerves.
Henry tried to breathe deeply, slowly as he marshaled his reserves. He knew he needed to try and muster as much spiritual and physical fortitude as possible to battle the demons that were once again besieging him. It wasn’t easy, though. Traffic was completely backed up again as Henry came up over the familiar rise in I-95, traveling north from Miami towards Fort Lauderdale. Not an uncommon occurrence for the particular stretch road he was currently traveling, but an unwelcome occurrence nonetheless.
Henry continued to practice his breathing, his lungs hitching a bit as his eyes took in the enormous number of taillights stretching out in front of him in the half light of a soon-to-be sun-filled sky. The glowing mass of fire-engine red looked like a snaking river of slowly cooling cherry jell-o. A thick, sticky ocean of blood-red mucus just waiting to congeal around him, plotting to choke the life out of him, threatening to solidify his heart in a state of panicked anxiety for all eternity.
“Please Father, don’t let it happen again,” prayed Henry silently in the cab of his truck as he continued to try and mentally calm himself.
But the panic was already starting to build, the adrenaline beginning to pump, his heart racing haphazardly like a thoroughbred binge drinking at a trough of Red Bull and vodka. It felt to Henry as though his adrenal gland had suddenly become a giant hydrant, his veins bulging to the size of fire hoses to accept the feed. He knew the final thread on the screw that held that hydrant in check was going to give way anytime now, and when it did it would spray enough adrenaline throughout his body to make his heart pound, his lungs wheeze, his muscles cramp, his head throb, and his stomach begin to roll like he was on the open sea. The worst part, though, was that he knew from experience that he was about to once again feel the surety of his own mortality.
“It feels like the life is literally being squeezed out of me,” thought Henry with despair as he once again considered how helpless and genuinely afraid his panic and anxiety attacks made him feel. It was as though his body and soul were within the grasp of an evil black boa constrictor, its scaly skin shining and slick with malice, its coils of darkest despair slowly tightening around his heart and lungs as it tried to squeeze not only the life out of him, but every last drop of joy from his existence.
Henry had once loved traffic, but it was the enemy now. Traffic had always been like a living, breathing river that told a wonderful human story. Henry had found it fascinating and intriguing to sit in the raised vantage point of his cab and gaze upon people living their everyday lives. Moms planning their busy lives via cell phone, young lovers sitting close as they whispered their futures in each other’s ears, rock-star commuters with American Idol voices only they could hear… Henry had enjoyed it all. But he had especially enjoyed the reactions of the children as he blew his horn for them while they vigorously and enthusiastically begged him to do so by pumping their little arms up and down gleefully.
But the black snake of panic and fear that had coiled itself around his heart and spirit had changed all that, and now traffic merely represented darkness. And fear. Henry found himself almost completely unable to see the beauty in it anymore. He could no longer envision the promise in the lives that formed it. Now it just made him feel trapped. Every jam was like being buried alive. The children weren’t giggling excitedly anymore, they were laughing maniacally. 
“A ‘panic attack’, severe anxiety.” 
That’s what the doctor had called it. That had been his “diagnosis.”
The doc had gone on to explain that panic or anxiety attacks were actually quite common and affected all kinds of people – young, old, heavy, thin, black, white, male, female. Panic attacks were apparently an equal-opportunity affliction.
“No big deal,” the doctor had said. “Do some yoga, get some rest.”
“Uh, huh. No big deal,” thought Henry as he stared ahead at the seemingly endless river of red taillights stretching out before him, grimacing and gritting his teeth as his heart thudded spastically in his chest. Henry breathed in slowly and prayed for his heart to be restored to a more normal rhythm.
For Henry, every panic attack felt like a trial run for the process of dying from a massive coronary. And that sure seemed to constitute a “big deal.” He hadn’t been back to see a doctor since he had gotten his diagnosis, and the fact that anxiety disorders were becoming common to the point of being trendy also didn’t make him feel any better about suffering from the condition. It simply made him feel weak and somewhat sorry for his similarly afflicted brethren. Henry simply wasn’t used to fear or weakness being anywhere on his life radar. It was a feeling to which he was very unaccustomed and one which he loathed.
“Deep breath in fast, out slow…” thought Henry as he practiced the breathing exercises the doctor had taught him, his feet shaking alarmingly as he tried to gently apply the air brakes on his rig.
Henry switched tactics and tried to focus on something near and dear to him – his beloved wife Betty. There certainly hadn’t been any anxiety problems when Betty had been a part of his life on the road. 
“Betty,” thought Henry, his heart tumbling in his chest once more.
He missed his wife terribly, of course, and he found himself thinking about Betty more and more often lately, especially in the dark of the night while parked on the side of an Interstate off-ramp. He frequently found himself looking out the window of his sleeper cab at the stars, stars that seemed to hear his voice but were somehow never quite capable of providing any answers. Betty had loved stargazing. Henry had loved doing it with her.
Henry sighed as he looked down at his shaking hands. He wished he could say it comforted him to think of his now-departed wife, but these days it just seemed to add gasoline to the panic bonfire. Everything seemed to be fuel for that particular fire these days.
“I will be strong for you Betty,” said Henry, forcing himself to sit up straight in the cab of his truck, picturing Betty’s smiling face, once again mentally promising her that he would persevere, that he would carry on their mission of trucking across America while spreading the gospel of Jesus Christ by handing out small, handheld Bibles wherever the roads and highways of America took them. 
Henry remembered how Betty had always smiled so warmly when presenting someone with a Bible. They had handed out more than 10,000 Bibles during their years together. 10,000 smiles that had imprinted Betty on Henry’s heart forever.
“I miss you my love,” whispered Henry, his voice cracking just a little as he thought about the war he had waged with panic and anxiety after it had descended upon him like a black cloak of terror more than five years ago – just days after his wife’s burial.
Henry’s tone was only shaky at the edges, though. The center of his voice still had a solidity that bespoke human stone. Despite his suffering, Henry considered his plight a test of faith, and this was one test he intended to pass before meeting his maker. Henry would continue on as he had for 67 years. He would deal with problems and challenges as best he could, would face them as “opportunities” whenever possible, and he would survive as long as God willed him to do so. Despite any trials, tribulations or fears that might afflict him, Henry Wilkinson had always been and would continue to be the type of man who met life’s challenges with the resolve and faith of a committed missionary on unfriendly ground.
He just wasn’t too sure about continuing to serve God from behind the wheel of a 20-ton semi much longer. After all, a big rig in general is a fairly dangerous thing. But an out-of-control tractor trailer is a juggernaut of death, particularly for those not fortunate enough to be riding over the top of everything in the cab.
Henry’s heart suddenly thudded hard the wrong way again, and this time a fairly acute pain jabbed him in the neck. Henry gasped at the severity of the pain. It felt like a small screwdriver had been driven mercilessly into his flesh. It scared him, and that was all it took for the store of adrenaline that had accumulated within him to tip over and spill its massive load of fear directly into his veins.
“Um, God, need a little help here,” whispered Henry, his voice failing as tears began oozing from the corners of his eyes. 
Henry attempted to slow his truck further as he felt his 67-year-old hands begin to sweat profusely and tremble uncontrollably, his heart starting to race and thud in a disturbingly inconsistent and painful way. His heart was beginning to bob in his chest like a cork on the sea as its rhythm rose and fell, periodically missing beats completely. The doctor had called these episodes “normal periodic arrhythmias” brought on by the panic and anxiety – also nothing to worry about.
“Sure doc, no worries,” thought Henry, finding it somewhat difficult to be carefree when it felt like his heart and eyes were working together on a science experiment to determine how far his eyeballs could bulge out of his head before they literally popped free from the confines of his skull.
“Bad day, Hank old boy?” 
Henry groaned aloud at the unwelcome intrusion to his thoughts as the mental image of his now -familiar marching-band nemesis suddenly swam to the forefront of his mind.
“Not feeling so chipper?” asked his high-school marching-band “friend” with a smirk of feigned concern as he leaned against his filthy, unpolished bass drum, his grime-infused fingers exploring both nostrils with enthusiastic abandon.
Henry didn’t answer, attempting instead to mentally turn away from his all-too-familiar source of mental torment.
A year ago Henry had realized during his panic attacks how much his heart sounded like the bass drum he used to play in his high-school marching band. It even missed beats just the way he had. Six months ago Henry had started having fitful dreams about a pimply faced kid who played a mean marching-band bass drum, but who seemed to be just “wrong” somehow. A month ago the teenager had started grinning in a disturbing manner while using stiff, dead squirrels as drumsticks and had started to invade Henry’s conscious thoughts whenever a panic attack besieged him. And two weeks ago the kid had started speaking to Henry, whispering distinctly un-sweet “nothings” from between his obscenely unclean teeth. It had only been a few days since Henry had joined the conversation. Henry was pretty sure he didn’t need an official medical diagnosis to determine that it probably wasn’t a very good sign for his mental health in general that he was now verbally interacting with an imaginary “friend” on a regular basis.
Henry gasped through gritted teeth once more as his heart rolled in his chest again, seemingly missing two or three full beats before re-starting its haphazard cadence. He coughed intentionally to try and jolt his heart back to a more stable rhythm, a simple “cure” he had found to be remarkably effective during his time spent battling panic/anxiety attacks.
“I have got to get a handle on this or I am not going to make it, and I’m likely to take someone with me if I’m not careful,” thought Henry gravely as he considered how the physical portion of his panic attacks had lately been getting progressively worse. 
He knew the ravages of abject, irrational fear were making him an emotional and physical wreck. And the heart of a man in his sixties could only do so much jitterbugging before it eventually got tired of jumping around and came to a stop. The thought of death didn’t really hold any fear for Henry, however. His faith told him that death was only a transition, and he would eventually be reunited for eternity with his beloved wife Betty. It was getting dead, the dying part, that Henry wasn’t too excited about.
Henry wasn’t sure how he was going to feel once the hand of God finally did reach out for him with one last immutable grip, but he was absolutely certain about one thing. He didn’t want to be behind the wheel of the Peterbilt truck he had named in honor of his beloved wife when that time finally came.
“I can find a way to deal with it being my time, but I don’t want my time to mean a tragic end for anyone else,” thought Henry as he pictured himself having a massive coronary while at the controls of his truck, 20 tons of potential catastrophe careening out of control amidst heavy traffic, traffic that almost always seemed to be replete with  minivans full of moms and laughing children.
“God, please don’t let that be my fate,” prayed Henry silently.
“Check out this new beat,” interrupted Henry’s not-so-musical companion as his leering, pimply face once again abruptly invaded Henry’s thoughts.
“BOOM! Ba-BOOM! Ba-BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!” played the marching-band prodigy as he manically pounded on his instrument, timing and cadence obviously meaningless in his haphazard steps as he stomped his way around a freshly prepared football field in Henry’s mind. Henry saw that his teenage friend once again wore the trademark grin of the criminally insane, a smile that bespoke far more corruption more than it did joy.
“Please go away,” requested Henry quietly but earnestly, failing once again at trying to avoid conversing with his imaginary friend. “And barring that, could you at least try to develop a little rhythm?”
Henry coughed intentionally once more as he felt his heart trying to stay in step with the cadence of the crazed marching-band member who sounded like he practiced taking speed more than he practiced his instrument.
“Screw rhythm, man, I just want to pound!” yelled the demon drummer, aiming a contorted grin at Henry that displayed yellow, film-laden teeth which looked like they hadn’t been properly cleaned in at least a year or two.
Henry winced, recoiling both emotionally and physically from the feeling that his crazed band mate was screaming directly into his ear.
“Easy now, Betty,” said Henry, speaking directly to his truck while trying to ignore the leering grin of his teenage nemesis.
Henry geared down again and tried, despite his shaking feet, to gently apply the air brakes on his 25-year-old Peterbilt truck as the traffic started to really slow around him. Henry knew he needed to get himself under control or he was going to end up rear ending some poor soul up ahead of him. He had a feeling he wouldn’t be lucky enough to take out a drug dealer in a Ferrari, more likely a load of toddlers in an SUV who had just scored chocolate-dipped, double-scoop cones from the local Dairy Queen. Henry tried desperately to focus on the task at hand, praying silently for God to help him as he felt the shaking in his feet start to move up into his legs, which of course only made his heart beat even more erratically.
“You can do this,” remarked Henry firmly, hoping to demand the dismissal of the panic and anxiety that was assailing him with the fortitude of his own voice.
 Henry continued to pray for divine assistance as well in keeping his shaking legs under control so that he could slow as gently and safely as possible. The section of road he was currently traveling had a reputation for being very unforgiving of driver mistakes, and there was no asphalt shoulder upon which he and Betty could lean. This particular section of highway simply didn’t provide very much pavement on which to slow a fully loaded semi from 70 miles per hour down to almost zero, as was required once a driver was finally able to see clearly that traffic was backed up all the way onto the downslope of the rise ahead. But despite his shaking, he was slowing, and Henry thanked God for that particular piece of grace. And then Henry’s heart thudded spastically again, searing pain penetrating the left side of his face. In addition to the screwdriver, it now felt like a knife that had been made red hot in a craftsman’s forge was being honed along the line of his jaw.
“It’s just a panic attack, there is nothing really wrong with you,” said Henry with all the confidence he could muster.
Henry noticed his anxiety-generated band mate was now sitting in one of the freshly cut end zones in his mind. The demon teen had hung a stained sheet on the goal post and was showing home movies that featured various large commercial vehicles plowing into minivans filled with children enjoying Happy Meals right before their catastrophic demise.
“Gore-laden French fries and bloody milkshakes for everyone,” chimed the grinning teen scream from a lawn chair as he pretended to fall in love very unnaturally with the remote-control unit for the projector.
“Who wants some hamburger?”
Henry shook his head in an attempt to clear his mind as he fought to control his shaking legs in order to apply smooth and consistent pressure to the brakes and work the clutch effectively. Unfortunately, he found himself occasionally applying a little too much pressure to the brakes when particularly violent, adrenaline-induced twitches seized his body. The truck’s tires danced a little, and barked out a few rapid-fire screeches, but in the end, to his great relief, Betty did begin to slow, and Henry was able to successfully ease his truck into the river of slowly flowing lava ahead of him – without killing anyone. It wasn’t the most graceful slowing of 20 tons of semi that he had ever performed, but on this day, Henry Wilkinson would take it.
“One more load of toothpaste and shaving cream made safe for Wal-Mart shoppers,” thought Henry with relief.
His relief was short-lived, however, as Henry’s panic-driven heart quickly reminded him with a series of disturbingly discordant beats that he was once again being slowly drowned in a river of traffic and at his current rate of speed of about 4 miles per hour, he had a lot more suffering to do before he reached a life boat in the form of an exit.
“At least I won’t hurt anyone at this speed, even if I crash somehow,” thought Henry, trying to find at least a semblance of a silver lining in the dark clouds that had lately enveloped his life and placed a shadow upon his soul.
Henry tried again to take slow, deep breaths in an attempt to combat the effects of the panic attack that was ravaging him. He was more than a little disappointed when a few ragged gasps and an unenthusiastic wheeze were the most he could muster.
“BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!” pounded the pimply faced bass-drum player as he continued to grin his yellow smile of leering disdain in Henry’s mind.
Henry knew he couldn’t go on like this. He needed to just retire and get off the road before he really did end up hurting himself and possibly others. Unfortunately, he was pretty sure the bill and tax collectors weren’t going to be quite so understanding about his retirement needs. His wife’s extended illness had broken him financially and he now essentially lived out of his truck. If he stopped driving, Henry knew he would likely be homeless in very short order.
“Going to have to bite down on that bullet anyway big guy,” thought Henry as he watched his shaking hands turn white with the effort of trying to effectively grip the wheel of his rig.
But choices seldom belonged to the desperate – or the afflicted. Henry knew in his heart that it was better for him to be homeless than for him to take out a bunch of kids heading to Chuck E. Cheese for a birthday party. It was time to get out from behind the wheel and retire his mechanical version of Betty.
Henry had always been rather proud of his skills as a driver, but in the last six months he had grown to almost fear his beloved truck every time he had to put her into motion. It wasn’t Betty, though, it was him. He simply wasn’t safe behind the wheel of a loaded semi anymore. Every time he slid into the driver’s seat of the cab and fired up Betty’s rumbling engines, he felt like a prisoner being put back in his cell – a cell where a dangerous-looking inquisitor and his profusely sweating assistant always eagerly awaited him; by their sides a metal tray, a tray that was bright, shiny, and loaded with grime-laden, adrenalin-filled syringes. Henry’s heart missed another series of beats as he thought about that syringe-filled tray. He didn’t like the way it always seemed to beam a silver smile of greeting under the flickering sense of doom that was brought on by the buzzing of the fluorescent lights overhead.
He still loved his truck of course – when he was parked at a nice rest stop with some trees and soft, green grass surrounding him. Those were quiet places, places of calm, “no-panic” zones where he could relax and be a little nostalgic while listening to the Glenn Miller music that he and his mother had enjoyed in his youth. He could listen to some golden-oldie music on Betty’s stereo, have a smoke while watching squirrels scamper around the picnic tables in search of goodies left behind by vacationing families, and he could just breathe for a while.
“Rest stop heaven,” mused Henry, beginning for the first time to really consider the idea of retiring Betty and becoming a bit of a hobo, just camping around the country in various parks and rest stops.
“Maybe buy one of those ‘iPods’ and put my Glenn Miller on it,” thought Henry, trying to forget for the moment about the panic attack he was suffering as he tried to conjure up his favorite portrait of tranquility. In addition to coughing to try and get his heart back in rhythm, Henry had found that imagining just a little piece of his “rest-stop heaven” was sometimes a good way to distract himself sufficiently for his panic attacks to subside a little.
“I’ll be able to listen to some Glenn while watching the stars at night and feed the squirrels during the day,” thought Henry somewhat wistfully.
“I like to shoot squirrels with my pellet gun,” whispered the grinning drummer, now pounding on his enormous bass drum with one hand while using the other one to help himself urinate on the grass in front of him. The acne-ridden teen’s smile remained as fixed and lurid as ever, a disturbed twinkle sparkling in his eyes as he splattered the white of the 50-yard line with putrid yellow.
Henry groaned.
“And if all else fails, call down the real reinforcements,” thought Henry as he began rapidly reciting the 23rd Psalm in an attempt to enlist the aid of some Holy Spirit in his current hour of need.
Henry sucked in another ragged gasp of air and lovingly ran his moist, shaking palm over Betty’s dash as he continued to crawl through stop-and-go traffic at less than two miles per hour. She had been his home for more than two decades, and Henry had loved and cared for her like a second wife during the entire time. It tore at his soul that his Betty of steel was the only wife he had left to him now. His flesh and blood Betty was gone from this world forever. She was just a portrait in Henry’s memory now – a rapidly fading portrait these days. The fact that Henry was starting to not be able to picture his wife in his mind anymore was another source of great despair for him. He was grateful beyond words for the many photos he still had of Betty and their life together, many of which adorned the dashboard and cab of his truck.
“Thank you for always making me take pictures dear,” thought Henry as the familiar smell of his wife’s perfume seemed to once again waft its way through the cab of his truck.
Betty had ridden shotgun with Henry many times during their life together – not so much in the first part of their marriage when they had both been insanely busy with the day-to-day demands of everyday life that besieged any young couple, but in the last 15 years of their life together she had traveled with him often, and she had genuinely started to share Henry’s affection for life on the road.
They would talk and listen to the radio and then talk some more, and Henry would take in the scent of her perfume and just glance over at her sometimes and think that she was still as beautiful in her fifties as she had been when he had married her at 17. Henry missed her terribly. He had a feeling that seemed to come from deep in the core of his being that he would be seeing her again before too many more days passed. It was a feeling that he welcomed with open arms.
“BOOM! Ba-Boom! BOOM!” beat the not-so-little-nor-innocent drummer boy, grinning and winking at Henry as he continued to march around the fifty yard line, now  with his shorts around his bony ankles.
“The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want,” said Henry out loud in as firm a voice as he could muster.
He was desperate to calm down and rid himself of the image of the drummer in order to hopefully get his seemingly uncontrollable panic to ease. His heart really didn’t feel too well, and Henry knew it wasn’t a good sign that the pain in his neck was moving slowly and steadily up into his jaw. Of course he had endured these types of pains before and nothing had ever come of it. Henry figured it was just part of having massive panic attacks. His doctor had said as much as well. Still, he knew that one of these days the demons and their teeth would turn out to be real.
“He maketh me to lie down in green pastures,” recited Henry.
“Yellow pastures,” replied kid crazy drummer, giving Henry the finger while undulating his hips in a grotesque and somewhat pornographic rendition of Elvis performing “Jailhouse Rock”.
It was all Henry could do not to scream. He forced himself to exhale a ragged sigh instead. 
“That settles it,” growled Henry.
Once he dropped the load for this run he was done – bills or no bills. He simply couldn’t take this kind of mental and physical agony anymore. The worst thing that could happen would be he would have to take one of those “old folks” jobs at Wal-Mart greeting people as they walked in the door. There were worse things in the world than getting paid to provide a shopping cart and a smile. Maybe he could find a Wal-Mart to work in near a campground so he could live in a tent permanently, enjoying a simple existence that allowed him to just relax and commune with nature – without endangering anybody.
“Last run,” said Henry defiantly.
“Hey Henry!” yelled the smirking band member as he frantically pounded away at his drum, marching in a circle with his fuzzy purple, 2-foot shako sideways on his head. “Did you know there’s nothing like the look on a little kiddie’s face when you light his bag of Halloween candy on fire?”
“God help me,” pleaded Henry out loud, a twinge of pain starting down his left arm as he reached over with a shaky right hand to turn up his Glenn Miller, hoping and praying that a little volume would help to break the spell of panic that had seized him.
“Henry, my good friend, you’re in a world of trouble,” grinned the demonic-looking drummer as he banged away frantically at his giant bass drum – once again using the rigid bodies of long-dead squirrels for drumsticks.
“Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for thou art with me,” recited Henry.
“Last run...”




Chapter 3


Mrs. Catherine Trebuchet, “Cat” to her friends, loved to brush her 11-year-old daughter’s hair. The pure, unspoiled beauty of her daughter’s youthful blonde mane was utterly breathtaking, especially on truly blessed mornings like the one she was currently enjoying.
Catherine gazed in awe and wonder at the sunlight as it glinted off the dew of the perfectly manicured lawn outside, cascading gracefully through the replica Victorian-era shutters attached to her daughter’s bedroom windows. The light filtered through the glass in beams of pure glory, rays of white and gold that seemed to highlight her daughter’s hair with flashes of utter goodness and purity. Catherine thought Ashley, her dear, lovely daughter, looked more than just beautiful on mornings such as these. 
She looked angelic.
Catherine smiled at the very-human twinge of envy she felt at the sight of her daughter. How she wished she could once again have glorious skin and hair like her daughter’s. She giggled a little out loud in the knowledge that her hair was now 30 years of curling irons and colorings past ever being “naturally” glorious again. She knew that she was still stunningly beautiful, though. And her hair, though by no means “natural” anymore, was still a magnificent shade of blonde and was always immaculately coiffed.
“Happy mother?” asked Ashley with a smile of her own as she looked up from her seated position at her best friend and mother standing proudly and regally behind her.
“Very much so, dear; I was just admiring your hair,” replied Catherine as she continued to lovingly brush out her daughter’s locks, gently stroking through one of the few remaining tangles.
“You’re looking quite the lady this morning young miss,” said Catherine in her most “proper” British accent, one which bordered upon being genuinely stodgy.
Catherine knew she was going to start crying tears of thankfulness and joy fairly soon if she didn’t change the “emotional topic,” so engaging in one of her favorite games with her daughter seemed like a tremendous way to lighten the mood a little and get their day off to a grand start.
“Why thank you mummy. You’re quite right, you know,” replied Ashley, her voice assuming the tenor of a stereotypically reserved English lady.
Mother and daughter smiled at each other in the mirror, and began giggling. Pretending to be British royalty, with fanciful, oh-so-stereotypical English accents , was one of the games they loved to play together. It was an activity that always made them laugh and truly enjoy each other’s company. After all, England – and London in particular – were favorite travel destinations for both of them.
“And where might we be off to today, mummy?” asked Ashley, smiling coyly at her mother in the vanity mirror.
“Our favorite strawberry and champagne brunch at the tennis club begins at 10 a.m. sharp,” answered Catherine. “We must hurry, though. We certainly don’t want to bollocks things up and deprive the usual patrons of being in the presence of the two most beautiful women in south Florida.”
Both girls broke out into enthusiastic giggles again as Catherine thought about how wonderful these little mini holidays with her daughter were. She loved getting away from Arizona and coming out to the “country house” in Florida. It was sunny and pleasant and beautiful in both places to be sure, but the site of the Atlantic Ocean with sand pushing up between your toes on a spectacular moonlit night was something you could only get in Florida. Many found the heat in Florida to be almost unbearable, somehow more oppressive than the extremely high temperatures in Arizona. But for Catherine, the constant ocean breezes along the coast kept the Florida sun far more glorious than oppressive.
“If only Daddy could be here,” sighed Ashley genuinely as she looked up at her mother.
“I know dear,” replied Catherine, placing a perfectly manicured set of fingers gently on her daughter’s shoulder.
Both Catherine and Ashley enjoyed their jaunts to Florida far more when their beloved father and husband, Dr. Miles Trebuchet, could join them.
“We’ll have to make him come with us next time,” stated Catherine firmly, promising herself that Miles would be with them the next time they visited their Florida vacation home – no matter what else might be going on in his life, or with his work.
“The needs of the clinic and all mankind will just have to wait. We need Miles too,” thought Catherine, knowing in her heart that her husband desperately needed to get away from the emotional and physical load of the clinic anyway, especially given the disturbing events that were occurring outside the clinic lately.
Catherine didn’t know how Miles kept his cool or his sanity in the face of such obscene behavior as what was thrown at him on a daily basis by the “protesters” who were currently laying siege to his clinic. In Catherine’s opinion, those types of people were truly horrible and vile.
“If I had my way, they would all be rounded up and taken someplace where they could be taught how to be more courteous and sensible,” thought Catherine, vowing with her rather infamous resolve to bring Miles out to Florida with them next month despite any protestations he might have to the contrary.
Catherine was confident in the knowledge that all she had to do was give Miles that “special look” of hers and he would comply with her every whim. In the last 20 years, Catherine had become a master of that look. Thinking about the effect her various “looks” had on her husband made Catherine giggle again, and her daughter joined her in her joyful release.
Catherine swept her daughter’s hair back with her hands and tied a very classy-looking, dark-blue velvet ribbon around it so that Ashley sported a very sophisticated-looking pony tail. Knowing that today would definitely be a day when they would be driving in her Volvo with the top down, Catherine meticulously misted her daughter’s hair with expensive hair spray to add even more shine and to make sure it still looked nice when they got to the club. She wanted Ashley and herself to be as perfect as the day.
“Well, what do you think, dear?” asked Catherine as they both admired Ashley’s countenance in the vanity mirror.
“Exquisite. Simply exquisite,” replied Ashley. “A bother, but quite worth the effort. You really should have been a stylist, mummy.” 
Catherine smiled and giggled a little more, her heart swelling with love and affection for her beautiful daughter.
They rose together and for just a moment stopped to wordlessly admire their countenance in Ashley’s full-length mirror. Dressed in traditional, very classy country-club tennis garb, mother and daughter were a vision of magnificence in purest white. They were beautiful apart. Together they were truly breathtaking. Catherine, enjoying the moment with her daughter, slid her arm gently around Ashley’s waist and gave her a gentle hug.
“Truly blessed,” said Catherine as she gazed at herself holding her daughter in the replica Victorian-era mirror.
“Let’s call Daddy!” exclaimed Ashley suddenly.
Catherine smiled at the thought. She hadn’t talked to Miles since the previous afternoon, and she was already missing him. She genuinely enjoyed the sound of his masculine voice, especially when she was in the type of mood that she was in now – a bit playful, slightly frisky, and reveling in life in general.
Catherine had to agree with her daughter. Calling Miles did sound like a grand idea. The drive down to Delray Beach from the Gulf Stream area could take as long as an hour, depending on traffic, and Catherine didn’t want to wait that long to talk to her husband. As had been the case her entire life, when Catherine Trebuchet was in the mood for something, now was far better than any other time. Catherine took out her new, pearl-white iPhone, which matched her perfectly manicured nails, and tapped the speed dial button for Miles’ cell.
“Oh, poo,” said Catherine, her glossy, perfectly pink lips pursing into one of her famous pouts as she waited through four rings and realized Miles was not going to pick up.
“We’ll have to call your father from the car dear,” said Catherine as she put away her stylish new phone and gave her daughter another brief hug.
The fact that there was no answer didn’t surprise Catherine very much. Miles was seldom available to answer his cell – even for her. And although she tried not to be, Catherine couldn’t help being a tad disappointed at not being able to talk to her husband immediately. Like most people, Catherine enjoyed life just a little bit more when things went her way. Unlike most people, however, Catherine’s temper could be set ablaze by even a small static discharge from clouds that were unexpected. 
Catherine paused for a moment to look at the fine particles moving in and out of the bands of sunlight that were streaming through her daughter’s window. They painted Ashley’s vanity with what looked to like bands of swirling magic pixie dust. She thought about Miles and how dearly she loved him, although she knew in her heart that she was not as devoted to Miles as he was to her. She adored her husband and her family and loved them unquestioningly, but she knew Miles absolutely worshiped her. Catherine Cummings Trebuchet worshiped no one.  
“Just as it should be really,” thought Catherine as she apprised herself in her daughter’s vanity one last time, gently adjusting a few stray strands of very-blonde hair and quickly spraying them perfectly back into place before powdering away a slight smudge in her makeup.
“Time to go mummy!” chimed Ashley joyfully as she grabbed her white tennis sweater and careened out of the room, practically skipping down the stairs with her usual youthful abandon.
“Glorious,” thought Catherine as she smiled at her daughter’s adolescent exuberance.
And with one last satisfied glance at her reflection, Catherine Trebuchet followed her daughter out the door.



Chapter 4


The beautiful little girl with the spray of pretty white-and-yellow flowers in her hair was standing quietly in Miles’ office. Unmoving, her still-amused smile was now intended solely for the small bundle she was cradling gently in her arms. Miles shuddered involuntarily at the sight of her – and dropped his eyes. He had no desire to once again be the recipient of the little girl’s soul-encasing stare. 
A whiff of delicate perfume reached Miles’ nostrils, forcing him to lift his eyes, discovering as he did so that the little girl had moved noiselessly across the room and was now by his side.
“So beautiful, and so incredibly frightening,” thought Miles as he once again found himself at the mercy of the angelic little girl.
 “At least she’s not blowing giant pink bubbles anymore,” thought Miles, his stomach rolling slightly at the memory of his recent encounter with the little girl.
The word “Bang…” echoed metallically off sturdy steel doors in the far recesses of Miles’ mind, doors that traditionally had been secured tightly but which now seemed in danger of giving way.
It seemed more than a little strange to Miles that the little girl should be in his office at all. Had Linda, his receptionist and long-time assistant, let her in? Had the little girl sneaked into the building somehow? Was this a vision, a hallucination, or waking dream of some kind? If it was a dream, Miles was going to have a talk with his subconscious psyche about its content choices. 
“Hey amygdala, what’s wrong with a nice vignette that features me enjoying a warm day on a Florida beach with my wife and daughter? Wouldn’t that really be a better choice for my emotional well being?”
Stiffening his resolve, Miles sat a little more upright, his leather chair that had been laboriously aged during a lengthy and very-expensive manufacturing process groaning and cracking with aural luxury as he adjusted himself. Miles folded his hands on the highly polished surface of his genuine mahogany desk, turned to his left, and gave his full attention to the little girl standing next to him. 
It looked to Miles like the bundle she was cradling lovingly in her delicate, child’s arms, was a newborn infant, no more than a few days old. The babe was lovingly swaddled in a hand-crocheted, pink-and-white quilt that was woven with crimson script.
“We Love You,” read Miles aloud as a chill traversed his spine.
Miles noticed that the baby’s already-abundant curls were spilling out just enough so as to provide a hint of the golden beauty that would someday belong to the world.
“She’s beautiful,”‘ thought Miles involuntarily.
The little girl didn’t say a word as she gently unfolded the blanket to further expose the cherubic face and the wondrous gilded curls upon the head of the apparently napping babe.
“Truly an Angel,” thought Miles as he looked at the lovely little infant.
Miles felt his eyes begin to lift involuntarily, until he was once again staring directly into the impossibly sapphire-blue gaze of the little girl with the white buttercups in her hair. His stomach rolled and his head swam once more as he found himself once again completely beholden to the little girl’s mesmerizing stare. Those eyes made Miles feel like he was immersed up to his neck in quicksand, a quagmire for his soul that was colored in unending shades of amazing azure. He considered fleeing, but realized that to move was to merely slide further into the midst of the color, to resist was to sink completely into the center of the blue. 
Miles sighed, realizing the abject futility of trying to escape the power of the little girl’s gaze. It was clear that struggling would gain him nothing save for additional frustration. He knew he really had no choice, no recourse. He was simply going to have to accept his fate and succumb to a destiny that would enslave him to the power of those eyes for as long as they wanted him.
Miles tried to take in every nuance of the little girl’s appearance as he did his abject best to courageously return her gaze. He thought the dozens of delicate white flowers that wound intricately throughout her hair made it look as though her locks had been lovingly adorned with pure, living beauty.
“An artistic masterpiece of hair sculpted by mother nature herself,” thought Miles with a suddenly reincarnated ability to smile.
The little girl, still cradling the napping babe, returned Miles’ grin with a beaming look of ageless affection. It was a smile that seemed to call down and focus all the joy and hope and love in the cosmos, and Miles felt his heart stagger and sway under the sheer enormity of it.
And then the little girl was once again pointing her finger, but not at Miles this time.
“Past me, out my window,” thought Miles as he turned in his chair to gaze out  the truly enormous picture window that covered almost the entire back wall of his office. The usual inclination to sigh reverently pulled at his soul as Miles took in the expansive beauty of the desert vista behind his clinic. It was a scene of utter majesty and natural loveliness that seemed to stretch all the way to a forever that merely began at the horizon.
Miles loved the view out his office window. One of the primary reasons he had chosen the location for his clinic was that the property backed up to a breathtaking stretch of desert open space. He remembered thinking the first time he saw it that it looked as though an enormous “red carpet” made up of pristine desert beauty had been ceremoniously rolled out just for him.
“A mountain vista that constitutes a real stairway to heaven,” mused Miles as he continued to take in the grandeur of the scene.
 Miles knew that most people failed to see a great deal of beauty in the desert, perceiving it instead as a kind of harsh wasteland. But for Miles, the desert was incredibly interesting and lovely in the way it seemed to perfectly capture and illustrate the concept of severity. Blistering hot. Coldest colds. Colors of shocking vibrancy mixed in amongst demure earth tones. The desert was a place to experience the extremes of beauty. 
“Stark contrasts and radically shifting contexts,” thought Miles as he continued to take in the scenery outside his the window, considering the persona of his dear friend the desert with a smile.
Miles jumped a little as he felt the little girl’s hand fall upon his shoulder, her gentle grip temporarily directing his gaze. Miles squinted into the morning sunlight, his smile fading just a bit as he did so.
No longer filled with just desert beauty, Miles’ giant picture window now portrayed a man with flowing hair walking through the desert with a gaggle of laughing children playing all around him. The man was wearing a simple white robe with a crimson sash and what looked to be very well-worn sandals. Miles saw that the man carried nothing else with him save for an infectious smile as he walked easily amongst the children.
“We Love You,” thought Miles involuntarily as the man suddenly appeared to sense his presence and turned toward him with a new smile that seemed to be meant just for him. It was an expression that seemed to be filled with the wisdom of the universe, with utter love, compassion and understanding.
Miles was baffled as to why the words “We Love You” had inexplicably popped into his head. That wasn’t exactly his favorite proverb as of late. 
A gentle squeeze on his shoulder made Miles refocus his conscious thoughts on the man in the desert who was now kneeling while drawing in the sandy soil. The children were gathered closely around him, watching his actions intently.
Once again smelling delicate perfume, Miles glanced at the angelic little girl next to him and saw that she too was looking out the window intently, an affectionate smile painting her delicate features with joy as she gently comforted the still-napping babe in her arms.
A sudden brilliant flash of lightning-like fire burst across the desert sky, making Miles recoil with surprise and instinctive fear. He closed his eyes, unsure that he wanted to see the results of the blast.
But an insistent tap on his shoulder from the little girl made him open his eyes once more, and Miles saw that the man in the desert with the children now had company. Standing in front of him was a literal giant – a colossally sized being with the most comely, handsome features Miles thought he had ever seen.
“He’s beautiful,” thought Miles, using a term he would normally never even consider applying to a male, much less a male of truly gigantic proportions.
The giant was dark skinned, as though heavily tanned, and he had to be at least 12 feet tall. He literally towered over the man in the simple robe and his band of now-cowering children. There was something about the giant’s appearance the bothered Miles. That seemed to invoke a general unease. He was glad to see the children had now moved behind their robed companion, as though for protection.
Miles watched as a black puddle – which quickly became a large pool – formed around the bare feet of the beautiful giant. Miles thought it particularly strange that the giant should be wearing a clearly expensive silk suit and yet would have completely bare feet. Miles cringed as the pond of black around the giant’s feet began moving, almost seething. Miles squinted and was able to see that the skittering pond of blackness was actually made up of hundreds of scorpions, snakes, centipedes, and other creeping creatures that were massed around the bare feet of the comely giant.
“Not so beautiful,” thought Miles, his emotional hackles rising with a natural aversion to all things “creepy crawly.” 
Miles could also see that the winsome giant was trying to speak to the man in the simple white robe. But the robed man with the flowing hair didn’t seem to be particularly interested in conversation. He continued to kneel, writing silently in the sandy soil, occasionally lifting his face to the giant with what looked to be a knowing smile. The one-sided nature of the conversation seemed to be making the handsome colossus in the silk suit increasingly angry as he became more and more animated in his speaking style, his hands and arms eventually gesticulating wildly as he began to passionately storm at the man in the simple white robe.
Miles watched with fascination and more than a hint of revulsion as the skittering and slithering pool of blackness around the giant’s feet periodically stretched forth, as if reaching out to the children with what looked like probing tendrils. And the more the giant stormed, the more animated and aggressive were the tendrils in their pursuit of the children.
“I wish I could hear their conversation,” thought Miles as he watched another creeping black tendril crawl forth and then retreat quickly as though running up against a barrier of some kind. From Miles’ perspective, it looked like there was an invisible wall surrounding the man in the simple white robe, a barrier that held pain and fear for the blackness. It was obvious that the scorpions, snakes, centipedes and other creepy crawlies wanted nothing to do with it.
Miles sank into the comforting recesses of his chair a little further as the winsome colossus in the desert suddenly appeared to reach the penultimate stage of anger, the black pool around his feet swirling and swarming even more chaotically as he gestured with even greater animation before becoming abruptly calm again. Instead of continuing to storm, the comely giant simply stood still and clasped his hands together in assuming a posture of abject quietude. Miles thought the transformation from one state of being to the other, from utter anger to peaceful serenity, was amazing in its abruptness. The transformation was so quick, so complete, that he wasn’t sure he had really ever seen the giant angry at all.
“See there,” whispered the little girl in Miles’ ear. 
Miles could smell the perfume of the flowers in the little girl’s hair as she guided his eyes with her breath.
Miles saw that one of the children now held a balloon, a big, shiny, bright-red mylar balloon in the shape of a heart. The side of the balloon had the words “We Love You” imprinted on it in flowing pink script.
“Up, up, and away, in my beautiful, my beautiful ballooooooon…” thought Miles, recalling the chorus from a catchy tune by the 5th Dimension which had been popular in the 1970s.
The little girl holding the giant heart-shaped balloon suddenly let go of its golden string, the massive balloon drifting purposefully over to the bearded man in the simple white robe.
“As though the breeze had hands to deliver it personally,” thought Miles with amazement and disbelief.
The man in the simple white robe now held the colossal balloon by its golden string as it bobbed and danced excitedly in the desert breeze.
“That has to be the biggest hand-held balloon I have ever seen, a genuine ‘Balloonzilla’,” thought Miles with wonder. “At least six feet around.”
Miles continued to watch in fascination as the man in the white robe with the crimson sash rose and wordlessly offered the colossal balloon to the beautiful giant, the sunlight glinting off its red shell magically while it continued to bob and sway in the breezy desert air.
But the beautiful giant didn’t reach out for the proffered gift, instead choosing to fold his massive arms across his Volkswagen-sized chest defiantly. The comely giant just shook his head with a smile, his long, black curly hair dancing around his shoulders like serpents as he began laughing in earnest, the rumbling echoes of his massive chuckle making the windows in Miles’ office reverberate menacingly. 
Reaching down, the giant picked up a particularly large, particularly black scorpion. Miles felt a distinct shiver run down his spine as he estimated the size of the scorpion to be about as big as a chicken.
The still-laughing giant then proceeded to unceremoniously pop the “We Love You” balloon with the scorpion’s stinger, creating a profusion of shiny crimson and pink remnants that fell to the ground where they were quickly swept up by the wind. 
The man in the simple white robe appeared unconcerned and undeterred as he tightened his sash and picked up one of the now-smiling-again children in order to give her a piggy-back ride as he and his cherubic entourage once again began making their way out into the desert, turning their backs to the no-longer-chuckling giant.
“STOP!” bellowed the giant, the sound reaching Miles ears like a clap of thunder, the wall-size window at the back of his office vibrating with the force of the sound.
But the robed man and his cherubic entourage didn’t turn, they never even paused, making the giant violently stomp his feet in anger, much to the dismay of the skittering creatures that still surrounded his ankles. The stomps became increasingly powerful and louder, until the ground gave way beneath the giant, cracking and fracturing deeply and sending the seething pool of creepie crawlies pouring into the newly formed crevices.
Another sudden flash of fire made Miles shield his eyes, and when he was able to refocus he saw that the handsome colossus had been joined by two more giants. Miles was amazed to see that these new leviathans were even bigger than the first – at least 20 feet tall – although not nearly as attractive.
The first had a head shaved bald and a flaming red beard of enormous length that was braided and fell to his waist. His gigantic hand clutched a colossal mallet or war hammer of some kind that looked like it could easily make gravel out of the pyramids. He wore a plaid kilt and a menacing smile and appeared to be the quintessence of a Scotsman’s nightmare.
The second behemoth had haphazardly hacked-away salt-and-pepper hair, broken teeth, a greying goatee and the traditionally angular face of a Spaniard. He carried a shield made out of two twisted horses staked to a triangular board and a broadsword that looked large enough to hew an entire army. Miles thought that if Don Quixote had been a giant and had been damned, he might be the very beast before him now.
Miles found himself suddenly wanting to pee fairly badly as all three giants abruptly turned to face him – and charged, their weapons and voices raised to the heavens, making his picture window shake with reflected fear.
Ashamed at his sudden lack of courage but unable to quell it, Miles went “all in” on shedding his masculinity as he turned to the flowered little girl next to him, his eyes pleading for support and salvation.
 The lovely little girl locked eyes with Miles again, building a wordless bridge between them that made him feel connected to her with a power that transcended mere speech. The force of the connection was almost overwhelming, far more compelling and meaningful than any span made up of just words could ever hope to be. 
“Save me,” begged Miles with his eyes.
But the little girl only reached out with her delicate, child’s hands, and gently laid the golden baby in his lap, kissing Miles on the cheek and leaning down to whisper in his ear as she did so. 
“I’m not sure now is the best time for me to hold the baby,” thought Miles, his mind reeling with panic at the rapidly approaching giants whose footsteps in the desert thundered with the promise of destruction.
Miles could now really smell the light fragrance emanating from all the flowers in the little girl’s hair as the babe in his lap opened her eyes and reached up to grasp Miles’ index finger firmly. Miles looked down and gazed into the infant’s eyes, and saw eternity reflected back at him. It was as though he was looking at a single memory and history for all children, for all time, in those beautiful eyes – a memory that stretched away into yesterday, today, and forever.
“We Love You,” the angelic little girl breathed in Miles’ ear as he watched the giants get closer and closer, raising their weapons for the killing blow.
“We Love You,” repeated Miles softly, cocking his head a bit toward a faint sound, a tone that somehow seemed out of place given his current context.
“Music?” thought Miles with a growing sense of bewilderment.
The music wasn’t very loud and had a thin sound to it, as though it was being emitted from a single, rather-tinny speaker embedded in a cheap transistor radio. Despite its less-than-audiophile quality, however, Miles thought he recognized the tune. It sounded an awful lot like the theme song from the Mickey Mouse Club television show that he had watched in his youth.
“M-I-C... K-E-Y... M-O-U-S-E,” thought Miles with a maniacal grin that matched the one the Scottish giant was wearing as he sang along.
Harsh white light suddenly flooded Miles’ vision.
“I think he’s coming around. He’s going to be ok,” heard Miles in the distance as he mentally tried to grab onto some stray threads of reality.
“Linda?” thought Miles, opening his eyes once again to the glaring brightness that was coming from what he now realized were the overhead lights above one of his examination tables.
Linda’s strong, plain face and familiar close-cropped brown hair swam into view above him as Miles started winning the battle to re-focus his wavering vision.
“What happened, Linda,” croaked Miles, his throat feeling like it had been dried out with a blow dryer and then sanded with very-coarse, 100-grit sandpaper.
“You passed out, doctor, right outside the front doors. Some police officers from across the street carried you inside. We had to break out the smelling salts to revive you. Are you alright Dr. Trebuchet?” asked Linda, obvious concern in her voice.
“I’m fine,” croaked Miles, looking up at Linda and attempting a smile that came out far weaker than intended, but still held enough reassurance he thought to calm the poor woman. “I think the heat of the day must have gotten to me is all.”
“Could I get a glass of water, Linda,” whispered Miles in his blow-dried voice as he sat up slowly on the examination table, his head swimming a little and his stomach turning over once or twice as he came upright.
 “Of course, Doctor, I’ll be right back. You just sit and rest a little more.”
Miles touched his head, and winced involuntarily as he realized it was freshly bandaged. It was clear he was going to have a bit of a lump on the side of his forehead as a result of trying to head butt the concrete steps outside the entrance to his clinic.
“Linda,” asked Miles before she had a chance to open the door leading out of the examination room. “I didn’t ruin my favorite Fred Flintstone mask did I?”
“Nothing a little washing and rinsing won’t fix doctor,” answered Linda smiling, obviously relieved that Miles’ sense of humor was returning. “I’ll take care of it for you. Don’t worry about a thing.”
Miles decided he liked Linda when she was trying to be matronly. It was a very complimentary trait to add to her existing repertoire of sensible, tough and loyal.
“Linda,” said Miles again, running his finely manicured nails through his still-thick mane of wavy brown hair. “Just one more thing please. There wasn’t a young girl with little white flowers in her hair outside when you found me was there?”
Linda’s smile faded a bit and her face clouded once more with concern. Perhaps the good doctor had not recovered as much as she had previously thought.
“A little girl? Flowers?” asked Linda in a careful tone, obviously perplexed and somewhat concerned by the strangeness of the question.
The thought that this is how “normal” people probably talk to “crazy” people flashed quickly through Miles’ thoughts as Linda answered a little more slowly and carefully than was probably necessary.
“No... doctor,” replied Linda, choosing and pronouncing her words meticulously. “The policemen carried you in alone. I didn’t see anyone else with you.”
“Ok, thank you Linda. I must have been mistaken,” said Miles in as soothing a tone as he could muster. He didn’t want Linda, whom he liked very much, to be any more upset than she obviously was already.
Before he had a chance to say anything else, Linda took her leave, efficiently clicking shut the examination-room door and heading down the hallway to seek out a Pellegrino mineral water from Miles’ private mini-refrigerator in his office.
Miles felt a comfortable lump in his pocket and retrieved his cell phone. His “waiting message” indicator was flashing in response to a recent message that had been left for him. He deftly opened his cell with a practiced flip of his wrist and saw that Catherine had left a voice mail.
“I hope you are having a better day than I am my beloved,” thought Miles as he looked at one of his favorite pictures of his treasured Catherine that was set as the background wallpaper on his cell.
Distracted by thoughts of his wife, Miles quickly forgot that Linda was on her way back to him with a Pellegrino as he swung his legs over the edge of the examination table in order to make his way back to his office. He wanted to find some solitude and privacy and return Catherine’s call. Miles’ phone chimed a few notes in his hand as the messaging system let him know once more that a voice mail had been left for him. Despite his sore noggin and generally frazzled state, Miles recognized the musical notes instantly.
“Mickey Mouse Club theme,” thought Miles with a grin.
He had forgotten that he had downloaded and installed that sound file on his phone the previous week. Miles thought back to his recent “dream” and found himself feeling very relieved indeed that things were starting to make a bit more sense.
“The man in the simple white robe with the crimson sash, the beautiful giant and his fearsome companions, the little girl with the flowers in her hair, the enormous balloon,” remembered Miles as his recent dream began to come back to him in a flood of jumbled thoughts and memories.
“It had to have just been a dream of some kind,” thought Miles, narrowly missing the Pellegrino-touting Linda as he hastily made his way down the hallway to his office, just a hint of unsteadiness in his usually measured step.
“Dr. Trebuchet! Should you be up and about already?” exclaimed Linda with obvious concern and just a hint of testiness in her voice as she encountered Miles.
Miles noticed his reliable and predictable assistant had now positioned herself strategically in front of him in order to block any further progress down the hallway. He knew he wouldn’t be getting past her until she felt at ease with him being up and around so soon after unceremoniously collapsing out in front of his clinic.
“Can’t blame her I guess,” thought Miles, realizing he likely would have done the same with any patient in a similar situation.
Miles knew she was probably right as well. He really shouldn’t be up and about so soon. But he desperately wanted to talk to Catherine, so up and about he was and would remain – at least for the time being.
Miles winced again as his forehead gave off precursor temblors of what promised to be an eventual earthquake of a headache. He could already tell it was going to be one of “those headaches,” the type that occurred with enough regularity for him to know he would need to lie down and rest for a minimum of an hour or so if he was going to achieve any respite. Miles wasn’t looking forward to the feeling he knew he would get later when the minor twinge he now felt blossomed into a colossal bouquet of migraine agony.
“C’est magnifique!” thought Miles, grasping at his sense of humor and the French he had learned during his time in Paris in order to offset some of the negativity that was now washing over him as a result of the budding pain in his head.
For Miles, a migraine often felt like his head was being packed with cotton while simultaneously being stepped on by a trained elephant. An image of himself lying on his stomach looking over his right shoulder while a working elephant from India stepped on the side of his head often came unbidden into his mind during his migraine episodes.
“Ooper do!” the Indian “mahout” who was the elephant’s trainer would cry, then down would come the giant foot, like a soft, fleshy stone, onto the side of Miles’ head. Once Miles’ head was sufficiently pinned, the mahout’s assistant would run around the elephant gleefully giggling (as only an Indian mahout’s assistant can) while stuffing cotton balls into Miles’ nose and mouth until he was practically gagging on fluffy strands of puffy white.
And when the migraines got bad enough, when the soft stone of the elephant’s foot felt like it was putting the weight of the world upon his head, the nausea would come. It was a nausea powerful enough to make Miles almost wish that the elephant’s foot would put enough pressure on his head to finally burst it like a ripe melon, spewing blood, brains and cotton balls across the ground.
“I am fine, Linda. Really. Thank you your concern,” said Miles in a marginally believable voice as he pushed away thoughts of Indian elephants and mustered up what felt like the last molecules of stamina in his body, aiming a reassuring smile at his trusted assistant. It was an answer that was concise and clear with no rambling whatsoever, Miles was sure Linda would go for it.
“Ooper do!” went the voice in Miles’ head again as the sickening weight began to gradually squeeze his head once more.
Miles almost grimaced, but caught himself before he betrayed his less-than-well state to his sometimes overly helpful assistant. He knew a grimace would lead to Linda taking him back to the examination room for further monitored rest. Miles called upon his days as a part-time Shakespearian actor during his summers in college and managed to nonchalantly return Linda’s doubting stare with a fairly believable look of fortitude.
Linda locked eyes with Miles and looked him over very carefully. Miles just stood still and let her have her way with him. After all the years they had been together, he was used to Linda trying to diagnose and gauge his well being. Linda had examined him enough over the last 10 years to know when he was tired or getting a migraine or was even just having a bad day. Her typically curt nod told Miles that the examination was over, that he had passed, and he could now proceed. As was her usual manner, Linda handed Miles his mineral water without a word and hurried past him to resume her normal daily duties.
“Thank you Linda,” said Miles hurriedly, catching a brief scent of Linda’s usual medicinal “clean smell” as she bustled past him in order to attend to other matters of greater importance.
Miles respected Linda as much as any woman he had ever known. He knew she took her duties very seriously, as he himself did. They were also kindred spirits in their quest to rid the world of at least some of the ailments that besieged it. Miles and Linda had spoken often about the promise of Miles’ research with fetal-tissue stem cells. The promise for all mankind that the research held out before them was a source of extremely powerful fuel for both of them, and it often drove them on in their work into the wee hours of the morning. Yes, aborted fetuses and fetal tissue were utilized in the research, but these fetuses were unwanted and would have been abandoned anyway, with our without the intervention of Dr. Miles Trebuchet.
Miles, for one, just couldn’t understand how anyone could advocate wasting all that potential progress – and promise, not when so much good could potentially come from the proper use of unwanted biological materials. And in the final analysis, that’s all it really was, just so much unwanted biological material. Miles had vowed long ago that he would not succumb to traditional conventions of morality and ethics. He was going to have the courage to make the hard choices and do the difficult work that those bound by the conventions of mysticism and religion might find morally and ethically abhorrent. He was going to make progress where others couldn’t because he was willing and able to truly grapple with the often ugly realities of life in the universe.
“Despite dreams and visions about little girls with flowers in their hair and men of wisdom in crimson-sashed robes,” thought Miles somewhat bitterly as an image of the giant “We Love You” balloon suddenly came unbidden into his mind once more.
Miles knew that without researchers like himself, researchers who were unafraid to face the world in real terms, as it really existed, many of the biological tissues and cells that held such promise for all mankind would have gone to complete waste by being tossed out as so much medical waste. It simply didn’t make scientific sense to throw away the potential medical benefits that could be found in utilizing select tissues from aborted fetuses and unwanted embryos, benefits that could positively affect all mankind. He for one wasn’t going to give up just because a few misguided and ignorant people were a bit squeamish about the realities of life on planet earth. For Miles, utilizing aborted fetal tissue and human embryos in his research was a way to turn what some perceived as a negative into a potentially huge positive – for everyone.
“Progress sometimes comes with an ethical and moral price tag,” said Miles aloud as he recited one of his favorite personal expressions.
Miles had found on the cocktail fund-raiser circuit that a single powerful slogan could sometimes do far more to help the cause than could more lengthy speeches, discussions, or treatises. His “Progress” slogan was one of his favorites because it usually worked very well and had a tendency to get very rapid monetary results, something that was critical to the continuance of his work.
Miles and Linda were both convinced that it was only a matter of time before the promise of his stem-cell research was realized, and they wouldn’t stop until the goal of total victory over at least one major illness had been achieved.
“Hopefully cancer,” thought Miles with determination as an image of his mother, still young and beautiful in his childhood, swam to the forefront of his thoughts. 
The lack of tangible results thus far was just an anomaly, both Miles and Linda were absolutely certain of it. It would not deter either of them from continuing their quest. They were absolutely certain that in the end, science and the forces of right and good would win out, and the promise of stem-cell research using fetal tissues would be realized.
“And at that moment in time, everything will change – for all humanity,” thought Miles, glancing at one of the “Tee Time” clocks which were ubiquitous on the walls of his clinic as he turned the corner and entered the long hallway that led to his office.
Miles knew Catherine’s interior decorator would have torn the somewhat-tacky clocks from the walls with great zeal, “storing” them in the nearest garbage bin while cursing the galactic scourge of bad taste in interior decorating. Miles, however, rather liked small, somewhat-common reminders of his favorite pastime surrounding him.
The big hand on the “Tee Time” clock, which was a golf club emblazoned with the words “Big Dog,” was pointing straight up, and the little hand in the form of an elongated golf tee was squarely on 10.
“Only 10 in the morning,” thought Miles with a bit of exasperation.
Normally he would have thought how great it was that it was still early. Miles did, after all, love his work and found it to be both fulfilling and compelling. But today had already been a little too eventful. This day was so far turning out to be, in the words of his beloved pre-teen daughter Ashley, “ultra lame.” Miles felt completely exhausted and drained already – and it wasn’t even noon yet. He checked his calendar and was relieved to find he wasn’t booked for any choice procedures for the day.
“Lunch at the club followed by at least a turn around the back nine it is then,” thought Miles with resolve.
Heading out to the club and playing a round of golf while reveling in the beauty of the desert and the camaraderie of his country-club brothers was something that Miles genuinely enjoyed. Today he needed it more than ever. Maybe it would even help defray some of the “headache debt” he knew he had incurred with his earlier, rather awkward fall from grace.
Miles was starting to feel a little better physically, and he mentally thanked Linda again as he sipped the cool mineral water that his assistant had brought him. His emotional well being, however, was another story. He couldn’t quite give himself the “all clear” yet, not when he thought about the little girl, not when he thought he could still smell the lingering perfume of the flowers in her hair.
Miles suddenly considered the possibility of a real physical condition that might be affecting him in such a way so as to engender hallucinations and “visions.”
“The beginnings of a tumor or a brain lesion of some kind?” wondered Miles.
 He would have to find some time to go and see his friend and fellow physician Thomas Phillips later in the week to get a thorough checkup. One could never be too careful about one’s own health, and Miles was definitely an “ounce of prevention” type of person. He vowed to talk to Thomas the next chance he got in order to schedule some after-hours time with him. Perhaps Dr. Phillips would be at the Country Club later. Miles thought he might be able to catch him for some dinner, and perhaps seek some free medical advice as an appetizer.
Entering his office, his inner sanctum, Miles practically fell into his favorite chair, settling gratefully into the creaking folds of familiar leather. He spun slowly, cautiously toward the wall-size window behind his office desk, afraid his eyes would fall upon thundering giants instead a beautiful desert vista. It should have been a soothing experience, spending a few minutes gazing out the huge picture window in his office at the expansive Arizona desert behind his clinic while being wrapped in the luxurious and fragrant caress of his favorite chair, but today it held no comfort for him. The crackling of the artificially aged leather sounded like small peals of thunder, making his heart race as he recalled some of the terrors associated with his recent “dream.”
“We Love You.”
What did that mean?
Miles felt exasperated. Exhausted. He simply did not know how to effectively deal with hallucinations and waking dreams. He was a man of the tangible, a man of science. He knew he could apply the scientific method to illustrate with 100% certainty that visions and dreams had no bearing on the real world. But what he could not do was use science to rid himself of the emotions that these visions and “dreams” were evoking in him.
Miles could still feel the breath of the little girl and smell the delicate fragrance of the flowers in her hair as she whispered in his ear.
“We Love You.”
Miles thought no seemingly innocuous words, spoken by a child yet, had ever been so frightening.
He hoped to never hear them again.


Chapter 5

“Glorious,” thought Catherine Trebuchet as she cruised her Volvo convertible down the expressway, glancing upward occasionally at the puffy white clouds in the picturesque blue sky above her.
Catherine truly loved days such as these, with the sky painted gaily in cotton white and Easter blue, the faint scent of the sea adding a salty fragrance to the warm, moist air. The outlandish beauty of it all made Catherine want to fly, and on another day she might very well have pushed the accelerator on her Volvo hard to the floor in order to do a bit of ground-based aeronautics. But the time wasn’t right, at least not yet, to go fast this day, even though her classically black Volvo convertible was certainly capable of scooting along at a very proper clip. But this day was entirely too special to speed through without taking the time to truly appreciate it.
“A day to be sipped and savored, like a fine wine,” thought Catherine as she glanced lovingly at her daughter in the passenger seat.
Ashley was currently succumbing to the stylistic demands of youth by trying out the “look” of several different pairs of sunglasses. Catherine smiled again, reveling in the day and the obvious enjoyment her daughter was deriving from conducting her very own side-mirror fashion review.
Traffic was light, most of the working-class people having already traveled the expressway much earlier that morning in their daily quest to get to work or some other “there” on time. This suited Catherine just fine, especially when traveling with her daughter. All those cars and trucks in a mad rush to get somewhere always made her feel a little uneasy.
Catherine leaned back into the comfort of her driver’s seat and sighed. She didn’t think she’d had a more perfect day in years.
“Ash, dear, could you dial up your father on the cell again?” asked Catherine of her daughter. “I haven’t been able to reach him yet and I am sure he would love to hear from us this morning.”
Catherine knew how awful things had been for her husband recently, with that absolutely vile gathering of misguided cretins besieging his beloved clinic as of late.
“Religious lunatics,” thought Catherine, entering into a bit of a mental huff despite the glory of the day as she thought about the so-called “demonstrators” who had intruded upon her and her husband’s formerly ideal life. She truly couldn’t understand why some people had to try and force their way of thinking upon others. After all, the country whose flag she proudly displayed every 4th of July outside her home, her country, had been founded for the express purpose of allowing everyone the freedom to pursue their lives any way they saw fit. Catherine felt that every American had the right to an existence free from the type of persecution she and her husband now had to endure. People had the right to voice their opinions, of course. But when those voices rose to a level of intimidation that was replete with fear and hatred, they needed to be silenced. 
Catherine felt herself flush ever so slightly as a touch of pure anger began to creep into her yoga-toned tummy. Her husband, her beloved Miles, was – after all – trying to help all mankind. He had unselfishly devoted his entire life to others, to the cause of public service. And she had made many sacrifices too. She had, after all, allowed her husband to pursue his mission. There had been many, many nights when other wives went to bed with their husbands where Catherine had gone to bed with television re-runs or the latest “good book.” If anything, she felt that people should gather outside Miles’ clinic every morning to cheer him and thank him for the incredibly noble sacrifices they both had made – and continued to make – on behalf of all mankind. Catherine wished again that the local authorities in Phoenix would find a way to do something to break up the protests, and maybe even break up a few of the protesters.
“...and their little dogs too...” whispered Catherine with a somewhat vengeful grin.
Catherine’s grin quickly turned wistful, however, as she thought about that quote from one of her all-time favorite movies – The Wizard of Oz. The Wicked Witch of the West had uttered that vengeful promise – a promise that, along with the Wicked Witch of the West’s sinister cackle, had stuck in Catherine’s psyche ever since childhood.
As a young girl growing up in the Boston area, Catherine had seized upon the witch from the Wizard of Oz as a symbol of strength and power. She had found that persona very helpful in remaining courageous and strong in the face of childhood teasing and bullying that had occasionally bordered upon the brutal. When things had gotten bad for her, Catherine had drawn strength from the thought of herself as a smaller, eastern version of the Wicked Witch of the West. She was occasionally intrigued, although never really surprised, by the fact that she still found the need once in a while to assume this persona as an adult.
Catherine knew all too well that in this life a woman had to sometimes delve deep into her inner “witchiness” in order to do battle with the forces of evil that would assail her and her family, particularly if they perceived even the slightest measure of weakness, if they remained unchallenged. Luckily, she felt herself practiced and capable enough at this point to be able to hold her own against any group of adversaries that she might encounter in “polite” society.
“No one messes with this Wicked Witch,” thought Catherine with a smile as she mentally flashed back to the protesters who were attacking all that she knew and loved. She allowed herself a brief, self-indulgent moment to enjoy a few mental vignettes, mostly involving very large policemen who were incredibly skilled at wielding nightsticks, stun guns and Tasers – with the protesters as their prey.
But anger was not an entrée Catherine wanted on her plate this morning. Glancing at her beautiful Ashley again, Catherine mentally shooed all traces of angst and frustration away. It simply would not do to let the color of such a picturesque day begin to fade before the masterpiece had been finished and signed into posterity. She would deal with the religious lunatics who had besieged her husband and her life later.
“You should ask your father for a new pair of sunglasses,” laughed Catherine, glancing over at Ashley trying on a half dozen different looks while simultaneously changing lanes to avoid a dirty minivan that appeared to be filled with even dirtier children. She noticed as she zoomed past that a child’s finger had written the obligatory “Wash Me” on the filthy back window of the van. She also noticed and somewhat absently thought it was interesting that the words “We Love You” had been written in large cursive letters in the dirt on the side of the van.
“That’s weird,” thought Catherine, the carefully written phrase catching her attention for a moment because it seemed like such an odd thing to be scrawled in a patch of grime on the side of a minivan.
But the strange writing faded from Catherine’s consciousness as quickly as it had come. The “weird” had no hold on the outlook of Catherine Trebuchet. Catherine was an accomplished graduate of her own personal school of avoidance therapy when dealing with the weird. She had gotten her PhD years ago. There were things in this universe that had always made Catherine feel uncomfortable, things that if you started to really think about them could become interesting, perhaps even distracting enough to make one consider exiting the “Busy Life Expressway.”
Catherine knew deep down that being a bit of an existentialist detective and philosopher actually intrigued her. But she also knew once you took the off-ramp from the “Busy Life Expressway” that all bets were off. You might develop a taste for berets and coffee-house poetry. You might wind up on your knees in front of your latest masterpiece, covered in paint, weeping openly at your inability to visually capture the essence of your emotional longing. You could end up outside a health-care clinic, maniacally screaming “murderer” at a benefactor of mankind. None of these were destinations of interest for Catherine Trebuchet.
Catherine had decided long ago to lead a structured and pleasant life that was well inside the borders of the box that formed the firm outlines and hard edges of traditional society. And she had developed a quick-exit strategy for those situations where the path ahead looked like it might encounter the “weird.” She simply took a mental left turn. Thus instead of considering the dirty scribbling on the minivan any further, Catherine glanced at the sky and at her beautiful daughter, and turned left. With her head back and the Florida sun upon her face, Catherine let the wind and smell of the sea air flood her senses and guide her back onto a more conventional path, a well-lit walkway of eternal gas lamps where comfort and personal fulfillment were forever the order of the day.
“Did we ‘ave any luck with calling our beloved Miles then?” asked Catherine in the thickest British accent she could muster.
“Ringing up dear old da’ now,” chimed Ashley, giggling a little as she added a bit of her mother’s Cockney to her own accent.
 “Right-o!” laughed Catherine, happy beyond her capability to vocalize her joy that she was back fully in the moment with her daughter and that Ashley truly enjoyed her company and genuinely liked spending time with her. Not every parent had that honor. It was fabulous for Catherine to have the kind of relationship with her daughter where they could shop together, play together, giggle together – almost be sisters together. She truly loved her daughter and their life together.
“I really do make a good big sister,” thought Catherine – not for the first time – as she felt a brief pang of bitterness and longing pass through her. Catherine felt herself mentally and spiritually wandering again – and tried to turn left – to no avail. Slipping away from the moment with her daughter once more, she was already on her way down memory lane. 
As an only child of very affluent parents, Catherine had spent her childhood praying for the deliverance of a sister into her world. But no sister had come, and in the end Catherine had been forced to settle for the plastic affections of dolls and stuffed animals. She had been an only child by choice. At least it had been her parents’ choice. Her choice had been to pray to, curse, and then eventually abandon the God she had previously worshiped as part of her parents outdated and outmoded rituals. She wasn’t about to go on worshiping any god who had ignored her prayers and had delivered stuffed bears and puppies instead of a sister for her to cherish and love.
And to put a cherry on that particular Sunday, her difficult pregnancy with Ashley had left her unable to bear further fruit – which meant her precious daughter, like herself, would never get to experience the joys of having a sister. She and Miles had, of course, sought assistance from the best fertility specialists and medical professionals in the world, one time spending an entire month in London at a world-famous clinic, but to no avail. They had considered adoption as well, but it just didn’t seem to have the same feeling and appeal for either of them. In the end, they had decided together that there was nothing to be done and it was obvious that there would be no further children for Dr. Miles and Catherine Trebuchet.
“Thank you again god,” thought Catherine with more than a hint of sarcasm and anger.
Catherine glanced over at Ashley and gently touched the side of her daughter’s face, trying to forcibly break the spell of retrospective melancholy that seemed to have seized her. Ashley turned and smiled back at her mother with the beauty of an angel.
“Maybe we both have our sisters after all,” thought Catherine, briefly considering the possibility that she had been looking at the situation from the wrong perspective. Perhaps she should thank the God whom she had prayed to so long ago for actually answering her prayers in the end, if not exactly in the way she had requested. It was perhaps something to consider.
But that could wait. Today was about the most beautiful sister combo in South Florida making a day of it at the tennis club.
“Cheerio!” exclaimed Catherine as she suddenly repositioned her Prada heels and stepped down firmly on the accelerator, the force of the powerful Volvo’s acceleration pushing both mother and daughter back in their seats. A little speed was perhaps the perfect remedy for nostalgic melancholy. 
Catherine smiled once more as Ashley grabbed at the door handle, squealing in mock fear as the powerful Volvo leapt forward.
As they sped down the expressway at better than 90 miles per hour, Ashley turned back from her mother to the iPhone in her lap. Her mother had bought the phone for her a few months ago and she was absolutely in love with it. She now considered it an essential accessory for any stylish young lady and would go nowhere without it. Brief demonstrations for her girlfriends at school had quickly earned her an army of converts to the new phone. The cute boys at school had already dubbed the devices “liePhones” in tribute to the pre-teen girls who all of a sudden wouldn’t be caught dead without one. Ashley was perfectly happy to endure the usually good-natured jibes, especially since it was often the cute boys making them.
Ashley paused the Taylor Swift tune she was currently bopping along to in order to dial her father. She had tried him a few minutes ago but had been unable to get a clear signal on her phone. She was glad now, however, that she had waited. Calling her father when she and her mother were driving too fast was a prime bit of pre-teen mischief that Ashley found almost irresistible. The sound of the rushing air flowing through the phone was usually enough to inform her father that she and her mother were “blasting off” again. She knew the first words out of his mouth would be “Ashley, are you and your mother driving too fast again?” A wayward giggle escaped the confines of her mouth involuntarily as she looked at icon-sized picture of her father on her phone. Her heart seemed to almost physically swell just a little as she realized just how dearly she loved him.
Ashley jacked the phone into the port on the Volvo’s powerful car stereo so that both mother and daughter would be able to hear Miles’ voice through the car’s speaker system when he answered their call. She knew her mother also secretly enjoyed hearing Miles become somewhat flustered when they called him while driving too fast. Ashley gave her mother the thumbs up that they were set and keyed in the command to auto dial her father.
Catherine glanced again at her daughter and at the incredible sky above them as they sped along Interstate 90. She smiled again as the Florida breeze tickled her senses, driving away any last remnants of dismay with its unique bouquet of sea-based aromas. She didn’t think there had ever been a better day. She was sure there had never been a more beautiful mother and daughter.
“Glorious,” sighed Catherine.




Chapter 6

“Yeah, boy! We’re rollin’ now!” squealed Henry Wilkinson’s “bandmate” from hell with glee, his maniacal peals of laughter continuing to mercilessly taunt Henry’s still-panicking mind. The teen demon was in a groove now as he marched around what should have been a gorgeously green football field, gesturing obscenely while pounding out a sham cadence on his rusty bass drum, driving Henry’s adrenaline-driven heartbeat to ever-greater heights of irregularity.
Henry felt like he was literally choking on anger and fear. Even the normally soothing sounds of Glenn Miller filling the cab of his truck were doing little to defray the talons of panic that had seized his heart, tearing through his body to seize his soul with piercing claws of mortality.
“Did I ever tell you about the time I crawled into a tub of cooking oil and fell in love with a saxophone Hank?” whispered the embodiment of Henry’s anxiety with a wink as the “teen scream” leaned in close, his lips almost brushing the up against the edges of Henry’s ear.
Henry groaned and felt his heart turn over disturbingly. Again.
“Please,” whispered Henry in a labored plea for assistance, or even better: mercy.
The realization that his fondness for marching bands had been hijacked by a grotesque caricature of a teenage rebel saddened Henry greatly. It made him want to physically weep when he thought about how some of the fondest memories of his life were now defiled and spoiled forever. To lose even a little bit of the nostalgia that had helped to build the life he had known was a source of utter despair. In many ways that nostalgia was a good portion of the only life Henry had left. He was absolutely brimming with sorrow that he would never again be able to think about or watch a marching band without seeing a pimply face surrounded by black, greasy hair grinning back at him with a corrupted smile from thin, scabby lips – slowly mouthing the words “blow me.”
Henry had always loved football and marching bands. He had, after all, been a member of his high school and community-college marching band. He had met his beloved-wife Betty while playing in the marching band. It was emotionally devastating that demons of anxiety had latched onto his love for marching bands and had turned a lifetime passion, something good and pure and filled with joy, into something ugly, into something no longer filled  with beauty, but instead with torment.
“I guess that’s what demons do,” thought Henry forlornly. “Attack the things that are nearest and dearest to our hearts in order to taint all that we love, to corrupt love itself.”
“BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! ... BOOM! Ba-BOOM! Ba-BOOM! C’mon Henry! Let’s march to the beat of our own drummer!” smirked the teen, now chewing on the paw of one of the dead squirrels that he was using as a drumstick like it was some kind of furry jerky.
Henry grimaced with revulsion and tried to find some solace in “I’ve got a gal in Kalamazoo,” his current Glenn Miller selection. 
Henry was all too aware the demon bass drummer would continue to berate and torment him until his panic attack subsided. That was the way it always was. Unfortunately, he seemed to have no control of his panic attacks. Once started, they simply had to run their course, no matter how much he prayed or resisted. It was perhaps clear, irrefutable evidence that Satan really did enjoy torturing people. Henry didn’t know why God had given the devil permission to torment him, but he tried to draw strength from the idea that his life had purpose, that God had given him a mission to fulfill on earth, and that his pain and torment must be a part of that plan somehow. It was difficult, however, to take solace in the big picture when it felt like his spirit and soul were trying to escape his body – one staggering heartbeat at a time.
Huge drops of cold sweat were now beading up and running down the inside of Henry’s shirt making him shiver uncomfortably in his air-conditioned cab. Henry rolled down the driver’s side window, and tried to just breathe. He hoped desperately that he could make the Delray Beach exit. He knew a good place to park Betty there near the middle of town, close to a really good hot-dog stand and not very far from easy beach access. It was a place where he could get a cold Pepsi and a dog with extra mustard. A place where could just relax and enjoy the day for a while. A place where panic had no place.
The Atlantic Ocean as seen from Delray Beach in Florida was always a spectacular and calming site for Henry, especially in the evening when the ships with all their lights were out upon the water. He loved the way the sand felt between his toes, and he loved the deck chairs that were scattered along the beaches which made for tremendously good sitting.
“A very nice touch,” is what his wife Betty had said about the scattered lounges when they had visited the beaches of Delray together.
Henry thought about eating his hot-dog lunch on the beach, just sitting quietly and enjoying the view. Taking a break from traffic or whatever else was making him feel “stuck” or confined usually did the trick to ease his anxiety and end any panic attacks. Henry mentally grabbed onto and embraced the image of quietly eating a simple hot-dog lunch on the beach. 
Henry knew that if he could make it to Delray, he would be ok. Unfortunately, Henry and his beloved Peterbilt truck were currently crawling along at about three miles per hour in the midst of some truly horrendous Florida traffic. It didn’t look like he was going to be making the Delray exit anytime soon, which only made his heart seem to beat even harder as he thought about having to continue to endure being trapped in the lava-like flow of traffic in which he now found himself.
“Please God, let me find a way through this,” prayed Henry aloud as he tried to focus on the distraction of his music.
But no matter how loud Henry turned up the Glenn Miller on his truck’s CD player, he just couldn’t shake the massive panic attack. He felt as though his heart was going to grab onto his ribs and climb from his chest, and his hands, slick with sweat, were shaking almost uncontrollably. They kept slipping into his lap as he tried desperately to grip the steering wheel in at least a semblance of steadiness.
“Had his chest been a cannon, he would have shot his heart upon the beast!” called Henry suddenly, a tear leaking from his left eye, wetting his cheek slightly as he paraphrased Melville’s “Moby Dick” in reciting the only truly literary phrase outside the Bible that he had ever cared to memorize.
Henry had been forced as a teenager to read “Moby Dick” for a school assignment. He would be forever grateful. He had been deeply moved by its raw, emotional power and insights into the human condition. For Henry, that particular phrase from Moby Dick had always held special meaning and a particular power. He thought it embodied the concept of giving it absolutely everything, of eviscerating oneself if necessary in order to throw pieces of physical and emotional flesh into the task at hand. Henry felt like he needed that kind of strength and commitment now, perhaps more so than at any other time in his life.
Henry’s rational mind, which sometimes seemed to enjoy observing his panicked self from a detached, 3rd-party point of view, was somewhat troubled by his sudden, involuntary shout. Rational Henry stared down at his hands on the steering wheel as they continued to shake, occasionally slipping completely from the wheel as the sweat in his palms accumulated, which made panicked Henry begin to giggle. Rational Henry found this very troubling of course and began praying even harder for deliverance or some other kind of respite. Both sides of Henry knew, however, that their union was on the precipice of madness.
“Help me Father,” asked Henry quietly as he briefly closed his eyes, fighting hard to regain his composure so that he could rationally evaluate his options.
The Delray exit was still quite a ways away, almost certainly at least 10 or more miles. Henry didn’t think he was going to make it in his current condition, not without his heart literally exploding – something Melville might have enjoyed describing in his writing, but something which Henry was going to take a pass on if at all possible. To add to his anxiety, Henry knew that if he managed to build up to a speed of even 20 miles per hour and then suffered a massive coronary his truck would be in danger of careening out of control, most likely killing and maiming all kinds of wonderful people as it careened to and fro along its merry way. Even at a low rate of speed, 12 tons of fully loaded semi in the hands of someone actively undergoing a coronary was a little bit of Expressway Armageddon just waiting to happen.
Henry silently thanked God that he wasn’t currently traveling at a speed that could hurt anyone. He almost hoped for once that the traffic would stay in its current slow-moving, lava-like form. But that hope was short lived. It was difficult to genuinely hope for one’s own slow torment and eventual demise.
The rational side of Henry declared definitively that he was far better off choosing his current emotional and physical agony over risking going any faster and potentially plowing into multiple minivans filled with children, their laughter to be squeezed from their little bodies as his enormous 4 1/2-foot tires dispassionately rolled across them, crushing the last few giggles of life from their lungs. The panicked Henry, however, just pleaded for any release from the torment. Conscious Henry played mediator between “Rational Henry” and “Panicked Henry” and prayed quietly for a way out, an escape that would be safe for himself – and for everyone around him.
Henry’s mental mantra of “last run, last run...” now became “first exit, first exit...” He had to get out of this traffic if he was going to make it to the end of the day. As if to confirm his suspicions about the width of the wire he was currently treading, his chest gave off a lightning bolt of agony to go along with the previous dull throb that had been traversing his left arm like a razor-embedded yo-yo. The bolt of searing pain shot through the entire left side of his body. It was a spear of utter agony that seemed to pierce his very soul.
“Gahhh,” gurgled Henry in one of his less eloquent gasps as he dropped his left hand from the steering wheel and flexed his fingers gingerly in a determined attempt to try and ease the pain.
“Here it comes Henry ol’ boy! It’s time for the big one!” hooted his yellow-toothed bandmate, still grinning maniacally from the recesses of Henry’s panicked mind while pounding away at his base drum with his dead-squirrel drumsticks. “You’ve got your marching orders mister. Time to die! Tell you what, Henry, just ‘cause I like you, I’m going to volunteer my services as a musician. I’ll handle the accompaniment for this final act. No charge, honest. I’ll play this gig for free. What do you say, my man? Deal?”
Henry was trying his best to ignore his hellish, pounding nemesis while frantically scanning his windows and mirrors for an opening in the traffic to his right. Although the pains he was suffering were truly agonizing and frightful, Henry tried to take solace in the fact that he had undergone these types of pains during severe anxiety attacks in the past and they had turned out to be nothing more than self-inflicted agony with little basis for real physical concern. The doctor had called it “manifesting” or some such thing and had confidently declared Henry completely fit. The doc had stated emphatically that Henry was in no real physical danger even if manifested pain from his panic/anxiety episodes made him feel as if he were dying. The pain that was currently flashing through Henry’s chest and arm led Henry to believe, however, that the doc might not have been completely accurate in his diagnosis.
Additionally, even if it wasn’t potentially deadly, the pain was still absolutely agonizing in its severity. Henry needed an exit, but first he needed to move over in traffic. An exit would do him little good if he couldn’t manage to maneuver his truck into the right lane in order to take advantage of it.
“There!” yelled Henry suddenly, just a glimmer of hope traversing the lengths of his excited cry.
Henry saw that a silver Buick had suddenly stopped completely for some reason in the lane to his right, and there was an exit sign about three quarters of a mile up, just before the next rise. The sign had been obscured by another big rig up ahead and then had seemed to almost magically materialize as the traffic around it had mysteriously cleared. Henry now had an opening – and an exit.
“Thank you God,” thought Henry, grateful to his core for the small window of opportunity that had suddenly been afforded him.
He knew he had to act immediately, though, if he was going to take advantage of the chance. The driver of the Buick was most likely just someone who was utilizing the stop-and-go traffic to do a little reading or apply some fresh makeup or something and hadn’t yet realized that the traffic in front of them had started moving once more. Henry saw it all the time, and he was all too aware what it meant for him. That Buick would be accelerating any time now in order to once again catch up with traffic. Henry had to act fast. He didn’t have much time.
In the most aggressive bit of driving he had done in years, Henry rammed his gearshift into the granny hole and slammed Betty’s accelerator to the floor in a somewhat manic attempt to reach the Buick-induced gap in the traffic.
Betty’s tires screamed in protest as she leaped forward, Henry spinning the wheel deftly to avoid the rear of the Jeep directly in front of him. Henry made the tires scream again as he shifted directly to 3rd gear to avoid dropping the drive-line or laying waste to his transmission as Betty’s engine roared with seldom-tapped power. It felt and sounded as though Betty’s internal organs were bellowing in protest as her tires screeched, her engine roaring and her sub-frame groaning with effort. But in the end Betty obeyed Henry’s commands with both grace and aplomb – like she was just a little girl again, fresh from the factory, happy to jump and play, unable to even comprehend the concept of caution.
As he and Betty charged past the still comatose Buick, Henry kept one desperate eye focused on his right rear-view mirror, praying to God that the Buick would hold its position a moment longer – just long enough for his cab and trailer to complete the maneuver and hit the gap between the back of the Jeep in front of him and the Buick that was sitting still beside and a little behind him. It was a somewhat reckless maneuver, but he had to do it. He simply had to escape the clutches of the ever-thickening streams of traffic – before they killed him. He just prayed no one would get hurt in the process.
Henry let out a shout of joy as he realized he was going to make it. He tried not to let the image in his right-side rear-view mirror of the lady in the Buick letting him know he was now number one with her with her middle finger temper his elation.
“Yes! Thank you God! Take that you greasy-haired, pimply faced demon from hell!” shouted Henry in celebration.
Henry practically shook with elation, despite the various jolts of pain that besieged his tired body. He had called upon Betty one last time and she had come through for him. 
Henry had a sudden mental image of his wife smiling a greeting to him at the end of a very long day, the smell of a freshly prepared supper teasing him with pleasant olfactory memories.
“I really do love you darling,” said Henry, patting the dashboard of his truck and giving the picture of his wife a wink – despite a resurgence of pain in his chest and shoulder. With determination he was sure would have impressed even Melville, Henry fought through the pain and pragmatically shifted into 4th gear.
Henry could now see that the magic exit sign up ahead fed into a frontage road. The frontage road appeared to empty into a light-industrial park that seemed to possess at least a faint hint of familiarity. He felt a sudden tingle of elation as he realized that he did indeed know that exit. He had taken it in the past in order to try and get around traffic jams similar to the one in which he was currently mired. He remembered that in exploring the area, he had eventually discovered a somewhat circuitous route through the light-industrial park that reconnected with the frontage road and eventually rejoined I-95 just before the primary exits to Delray.
An exit like that should have been as clogged as the Interstate itself as drivers sought any possible relief from the tangled mess of traffic. It was obvious to Henry, though, why the exit and the frontage road were still clear. To a casual observer it looked like the exit didn’t go anywhere except into a light-industrial area that was more dark than light and which was less-than-inviting – perhaps even a little frightening – in its somewhat lurking demeanor.
“Chain-link fences, sodium lights, smokestacks, commercial warehouses, and lots of barbed wire aren’t exactly popular with sightseers,” thought Henry.
Henry, however, was perfectly happy to go visit the area. He was actually incredibly grateful for the opportunity.
“Thank you God times two.”
Although he knew the Big Guy in the Sky always had his best interests at heart, Henry was still amazed at his sudden good fortune, that his prayers really had been answered. He would be able to get out of the traffic hell in which he now found himself and still get to Delray Beach – before lunch. He could almost taste that Pepsi and hot dog and the single American Spirit cigarette he would have on the beach afterwards. Henry once again pushed the pain far enough away to glance upward and smile his praise as he silently thanked God for his most-recent blessing.
Henry was now sure he could make it. He would have to maneuver through the light-industrial area and find the frontage road again on the other side, then get back on I-95 for just a bit in order to hit the appropriate Delray exit at the north edge of town. He didn’t want to take the main downtown exits and have his truck become the source of a new traffic jam after all. It wasn’t going to be a cakewalk, but Henry was positive he could do it. There was hope.
 Henry’s skin prickled pleasingly as he felt a fresh, cool breeze of ocean air sail through the partially open windows of his cab. It smelled of salt, of sand, and of the perfume of pretty girls who liked to hold the hands of their beaus while walking barefoot on the beach. His Betty had liked to walk with him that way.
“I miss you dear,” sighed Henry, thinking about his beloved wife again and realizing he needed some quality time with the Atlantic Ocean and his memories at the beach in Delray in order to truly restore himself.
Henry realized his panic attack was beginning to ease, just as suddenly as it had come upon him. He was sure it was the light of hope that the exit held out for him that had served as the source of his “cure.” That was the way it usually went – suffer continuously until at least the promise of an escape could materialize. And although the pain in his chest did not completely subside, it at least eased.
“Thank you God times three,” breathed Henry in a ragged-but-grateful gasp, trying to be quiet enough so as not to arouse the interest of the hellish imp from “Band Camp Satan.”
Henry knew all too well that his demon didn’t like to go away quietly. He preferred to raise a ruckus and fight, especially when he was down. The prudent thing to do was to speak as little as possible lest he incite the pimply faced beast to start pounding away on his hellish drum once more, and in so doing drive Henry’s heart rate back up to staggering heights of arrhythmia. So instead of speaking, or celebrating or gloating in any way, Henry just remained silent and turned up “Chattanooga Choo Choo” on his CD player as he hit 5th gear heading down the frontage road – smiling all the way.
Despite the aching and occasionally piercing discomfort he was still enduring, Henry couldn’t help but feel a little elated as he continued along the  frontage road, gearing up Betty even further and achieving an amazing 45 miles per hour for the first time in more than an hour. The morning sunrise was poking through the usual low clouds in the Florida sky and the light was flaring across Betty’s candy-apple-red cab as Henry and Betty sped happily along. To Henry, as he gazed out his cab window across his truck’s hood, the mixture of rich red, metallic paint and dancing sunlight making it appear as though Betty were cheering.
Henry could see in the distance that he would indeed have to wind his way through the industrial park in order to eventually merge back onto the Expressway, but he was 100-percent sure he would be able to find his way through without too much difficulty. Henry was now positive that God was once more on his side and was looking out for him. He had no doubt as well that after successfully negotiating the maze of barbed wire and chain-link fences ahead that he would be fortunate enough to rejoin I-95 well behind the source of the traffic jam that had imprisoned him earlier in the morning. He didn’t even have to hope; somehow Henry simply knew this would be the case. He was also sure that he would still have plenty of time to stop in Delray for at least a few minutes of Atlantic Ocean therapy before having to get back on the road in order to deliver his current load of razors, shaving cream and other assorted toiletries to their final destination on time.
“How do you like them marbles? You thumping demon!” laughed Henry, ebullient in his victory, not caring for the moment that he was berating his own imagination.
While aware he was risking inciting the pimply faced hellion in his mind, Henry couldn’t help himself. He felt elated and emboldened by his small triumph over the forces of anxiety, fear, and evil. Still, he was greatly relieved when the only answer to his question about liking marbles was the timeless melody of Moonlight Serenade as performed by the Glenn Miller Orchestra.



Chapter 7

“M-I-C-K-E-Y, M-O-U-S-E, Mickey Mouse, Mickey Mouse...”
The sudden sound of his cell phone softly singing the theme song for the Mickey Mouse Club startled Miles, bringing him crashing back from his distracted musings about the morning’s events. Miles saw that Ashley was calling. He hoped she and her mother weren’t speeding again.
“WISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH” came the sound of the wind through the phone as Miles rolled his eyes slightly and smiled knowingly at the sound of his daughter giggling mischievously in the background. Miles sighed good naturedly. He would apparently need to have another talk with Catherine about driving too fast in her Volvo. Miles didn’t think there was a particularly great danger in Catherine speeding along with Ashley once in a while, but he also thought his wife was occasionally perhaps not as careful as she ought to be.
“Hi Daddy!” heard Miles through buffets of wind, the sound of his young daughter’s voice leaning up against his heart affectionately.
“Hi honey. You and your mother aren’t driving a little too fast again are you?” asked Miles, making sure to include a sufficient amount of fatherly concern in his voice.
“Not right this minute,” replied Ashley with more giggling. “We just took the Delray exit to go down to the Club. We aren’t moving at all currently.”
More giggles.
Miles could picture his 11-year-old daughter’s angelic face smiling and laughing as she spoke to him. He knew without seeing her that she was gracing the world with some incredible beauty this day. How he loved her. How he loved both of them.
Miles heard Catherine’s voice in the background and asked Ashley to please put her mother on.
“Hello darling,” cooed Catherine into the phone.
Miles knew that tone well. It was his wife’s “today-I-am-reveling-in-life-and-isn’t-it-a-glorious-day” incantation. Catherine’s voice in general was like human catnip for Miles, but that particular tone seemed to get to him at a cellular level, somewhere right near the core of his manhood. Every time Miles heard that tone of voice from Catherine his knees would weaken and his legs would start to shake and lose their strength, almost as though they were morphing into something more like wet noodles than his most powerful appendages. That voice seemed to turn all his bones to butter, until his body, his entire being just oozed affection for his treasured wife.   
And his heart, how the sound of her voice affected his heart…
The sound of Catherine’s voice with that wistful, cooing tone made his heart swell with such a vast amount of affection for her that it often felt to Miles as though it was actually physically enlarging within the confines of his chest. The effect it had on him reminded Miles of the animated story of the Grinch from Dr. Seuss’ “How the Grinch Stole Christmas.” In the end, the Grinch had found love for the “Whos” from “Whoville” and the overwhelming power of that love had made his heart literally grow to 10 times its previous size. Miles would never forget the way the animation portrayed the Grinch’s heart growing gigantically in his chest, eventually bursting through any and all confines that had previously kept the Grinch’s capacity for love in check.
“The Grinch and I have a lot in common,” thought Miles amusedly as he listened to his wife talk animatedly about how beautiful the day was turning out.
Around Phoenix, it had lately become trendy for men to display an “I ♥ my wife” bumper sticker on their cars. For Miles, this sentiment was resolutely and unconditionally true, and it went for both his wife and daughter. He didn’t just love Catherine and Ashley. He was completely and utterly devoted to them. He genuinely adored and lived for them and would have happily given his life for either of them – without question and without hesitation.
“We’re almost at the Club dear, we just wanted to call and say hello on this glorious morning before we got too busy being the most beautiful girls out and about in Florida today,” cooed Catherine. Miles could almost see the playful, mischievous grin on his wife’s lovely face, and he smiled once more as he heard his girls giggle together in unison. 
Miles could hear the sound of traffic echoing through Catherine’s phone in the background, and in his mind’s eye he could see them sitting together in Catherine’s convertible Volvo, Ashley fixing her hair after the beating it had undoubtedly taken on the Expressway, Catherine wearing her favorite pair of Dolce & Gabbana sunglasses and checking her lipstick and makeup in the rear-view mirror to make sure it was as flawless as she wanted her life to be. He felt his heart swell anew with affection as he considered their truly incredible beauty.
“It’s a fantastic day in Florida,” said Catherine, her voice soft and juicy enough to put the fresh fuzz on a plump Georgia peach to shame.
“How are things back in the desert today? Not much of an ocean breeze I bet,” asked Catherine, now teasing her husband just a little.
Unable to help himself, Miles was silent for just a moment as the thought about the morning’s rather troubling events. He cringed a little, knowing almost immediately that his brief pause had been a mistake. That small space in the conversation would be all Catherine would need to know that something was wrong, that his morning hadn’t perhaps gone as well as hers. Miles was totally transparent to his wife in every regard, like his mind, body, and soul were wrapped in micro-thin plastic wrap instead of skin. She always knew what he was thinking, how he was feeling. He had certainly never been able to hide anything from her, even when he was trying to do so for her own good. It was a giant cliché to say so, but Miles’ wife did indeed often know him better than he knew himself. Usually this was just fine with Miles. He had always been an honorable and faithful husband to Catherine, thus he had never had anything to hide from her. But he didn’t like to worry her either, thus he preferred to keep her away from any bad days or negative experiences in his life. If asked directly, however, Miles would never lie to Catherine. His preference was to spare her any “gory details” about his life, but he would tell her anything she wanted to know if asked directly.
And Miles knew what was coming now.
“Tell me Miles,” said Catherine, her voice showing just a hint of tension that had not been there previously. “Are those ridiculous, religious people causing problems again?”
“I just had a bit of an accident is all,” replied Miles, cringing a little internally as he heard Catherine’s breathing stop for a moment, the sounds of a car honking angrily in the background speaking for her.
The silence coming from Catherine was palpable. Miles decided it would be best if he just came clean and told her everything.
“Yes, the protesters were out in force again today and were really letting me have it, but I just wasn’t feeling very well I think, probably just some bad Sushi last night or something, and I passed out for a bit is all,” said Miles, wincing slightly as he finished. He probably should have eased more gently into the passing out part of his story. The continuing pregnant pause in the conversation confirmed his suspicion.
“That’s it,” hissed Catherine, her voice taking on a dangerous, rattling edge.
Miles was familiar with that tone of voice as well, and he actually loved it for it was part of Catherine, but it certainly wasn’t Miles’ favorite part. It was a tone of voice that informed the world without question that Catherine was very protective of her family and would put up with no trespasses of any kind upon it. Miles certainly couldn’t fault Catherine for being a protective wife and mother, but he still preferred her cooing over the slithering hiss she was engaging in now.
“I am going to call my father and we are going to get rid of those awful people once and for all,” spat Catherine.
“Ok love,” replied Miles softly, wanting to placate his wife at least for the moment. He certainly didn’t want the morning’s events outside his clinic to ruin the wonderful day she had planned for herself and Ashley.
Catherine’s father was old school with a capital “O” sewn to a traditional high school varsity jacket. A Director of regional SWAT operations for an FBI field office in the Tampa Bay area, he was nobody to be trifled with. He was a serious man who took his job and family seriously – just like his daughter. If he felt Catherine – or any member of her family – was being threatened, he would take action. You could count on it. And although Miles, like his wife, would have loved to get rid of the misguided protesters outside his clinic, he really didn’t want it to come to violence, which was his very-real fear if Catherine’s father and FBI SWAT became involved. He thought too that perhaps that was the kind of provocation for which the protesters were looking, something they could use to justify violence.
Miles had already been speaking to FBI personnel in the Phoenix field office, something he hadn’t shared with Catherine, but he wasn’t completely sold on escalating things up the chain of command to her father. Catherine’s dad had made his way up the FBI ranks the old-fashioned way: Shoot first, then shoot again if anyone asks questions. 
Miles worried that Catherine’s father, given his volatile “damn the torpedoes” nature, was a potential catalyst of nuclear proportions for an already overheated situation. The protesters might be ignorant and colossally uninformed, but they also believed they were in the right and were absolutely committed to their cause. Miles thought they perhaps might welcome an overt “attack” by the FBI. It would give them the opportunity to declare themselves martyrs for their cause and would likely only escalate the protests outside his clinic.
“I just don’t understand why they have to bother us,” complained Catherine. I really can’t comprehend why they are protesting someone like you at all. You are just a doctor who works incredibly hard trying to help everyone. All the terrible singing, the frightful pictures of dead babies, the ‘blood-soaked’ banners everywhere for goodness sakes… They all ought to be rounded up and put away in camps until they learn to behave like civilized people.”
Miles didn’t necessarily agree with Catherine. He thought perhaps people should have the right to publicly assemble and protest things they thought to be wrong, especially if they found said “wrongness” to be morally reprehensible, but he wasn’t about to inform his treasured wife of his disagreement with her views. And he didn’t have to agree with her all the time in order to completely love her.
“It’s ok, Cath, really. I am fine now. I’m sure it was just a bout of food poisoning or something,” tried Miles, hoping he could divert his wife sufficiently so as not to ruin her day.
“Miles, you are an important medical researcher with vital work to do for all mankind,” replied Catherine seriously. “Should a few misguided people be able to deny the entire world cures for major diseases just because their particular religious beliefs say that the research being conducted is ‘immoral’? Should they just be able to ignore science? That just doesn’t make sense. And I guarantee it really doesn’t make sense to all the people with heart disease, and Alzheimer’s, and diabetes, and cancer, and all the others that you could be helping.”
Miles couldn’t disagree. His wife had a point. Perhaps it was time to get her father and the forces of good involved so that proper force was in place to prevent the situation from escalating into pointless violence, to help ensure public safety. After all, Catherine’s father and the FBI were experts at this sort of thing. Who was he to say that they would make the situation worse? It was already pretty bad, and the lump on his forehead and burgeoning headache told Miles unequivocally that things were spiraling in the wrong direction. Thousands of protesters standing stoically or singing themselves into a frenzy all day long in the desert heat wasn’t exactly a traditional recipe for long-term peace and harmony.
“And now we have angelic little girls with flowers in their hair telling me ‘We Love You’ while blowing bubble-gum bubbles and pretending to shoot me with toy finger guns,” thought Miles, careful to avoid giving voice to his thoughts in order to keep from further upsetting his wife.
The situation was like a truck full of dynamite parked in the middle of the highway, a giant fuse hanging out its back laying haphazardly on the pavement – while a drunk with a flaming Zippo lighter was staggered around. Explosive violence was more likely than was the situation ending without a bang.
Miles decided Catherine was right.
“Ok Cath, we’ll give your father a call and fill him in on the situation. I am sure at the very least he will have some good advice for us,” stated Miles firmly. “You know I don’t like going to your father and asking for help – I like to stand on my own two feet and take care of my own family – but I also like and greatly respect your father, and the situation here is potentially getting a bit out of control. It would probably be best for everyone if the FBI or some other agency came down to the clinic in order to help defuse things a bit, and no one is going to be better at facilitating that than your father.”
“Thank you dear,” cooed Catherine, her voice easily returning to its previous state of feminine perfection.
Miles pictured Catherine’s exquisitely painted lips forming those words and marveled again at how lucky he was to be married to such a strong, beautiful woman. He was also encouraged to hear a happier, more positive tone re-enter her voice. It truly pained him when his wife was unhappy in any way.
“Miles, dear, we want you to come out to Florida and join us,” stated Catherine with the kind of firmness and finality that let Miles know it was not an optional request. “You need a break from things, and while we are together in Florida we can go see my parents and talk to my father. They would love to see Ashley, anyway.”
Miles didn’t want to pause and start Catherine thinking he might have issues going out to see her parents, so he quickly agreed to her request.
“Let’s do that Cath,” replied Miles. “I think that sounds like a grand idea. I will ask Linda to check some flights. I think I will even look into booking a red-eye flight for tonight so that I can be out there first thing tomorrow morning. We can be at your parents’ home no later than tomorrow evening. Does that sound ok?”
	Miles heard Catherine saying something to Ashley in the car and then both girls laughed loudly and in unison exclaimed “We Love You!” Miles felt his legs wobble unsteadily and his mouth once again filled with cotton.
“That sounds absolutely tremendous,” chimed Catherine excitedly.
Miles once again felt like he couldn’t breathe. The padded concrete of the elephant’s foot wasn’t just squishing his head any longer, its hind quarters had now taken up residence on his chest. He half expected the little girl with the flowers in her hair to come strolling into his office at any moment, blowing giant pink bubbles while pointing her “gun” at Miles once more.
Miles’ brow furrowed a little as he suddenly thought he heard the sound of a grinding screech coming through Catherine’s phone. The sound distorted Catherine’s melodic laughter just a bit, seemingly giving it just a bit of a metallic edge, a metallic edge that was getting louder. Screechingly loud.
“Is everything ok there?” shouted Miles over the din, a little concerned at the strangeness and volume of the sound.
“We’re fine dear. Everything is wonderful, perfect. We’ll see y...”
And then the line was dead.
Miles forced the elephant off his chest and stood up, frantically redialing Catherine’s phone. Again, and again, and again.
No answer.
Nothing.
Just Catherine’s recorded voice-mail greeting.
That grinding sound. Almost a screech, like a tear in the fabric of the day…
And there had been something else, something even more disconcerting somehow.
Music?
No, not just music, it had sounded like golden oldies from the Big Band era of World War II.
It had sounded like Glenn Miller.


Chapter 8

Henry was still suffering some mild pain and cold sweats, but overall he considered himself at least reasonably fit for duty – as well as very lucky. He thought he might just have a chance at a good day after all. He had found his way through the light-industrial area and was back on I-95, trucking along at a good clip, just coming up on the main Delray exits. Henry’s Glenn Miller was on, his windows were open to the lightly salted air, and his hot-dog-and-Pepsi lunch next to the Atlantic Ocean was only minutes away. And best of all, he was well out of range of the choking prison of a traffic jam that was still lurking somewhere on the Expressway behind him. Henry smiled and praised God for his good fortune.
Then it hit him.
The pain was incredible, over the top, world ending. Even a word like “gigantic” or “colossal” or “humongous” couldn’t come close to doing it justice. It felt like a blunt crowbar was being rammed into his chest through the middle of his heart, the hook of the crowbar tearing his heart muscle asunder with a twisting viciousness that spit on the very concept of mercy.
Henry tried to fight back the disabling pain, then tried to scream, but an agony-laden gurgle of fear was all he could muster in his defense. He thought absently whether his very knowledgeable and learned doctor would call this “manifesting” as well.
Henry’s “scream” finally managed to escape the confines of his mostly paralyzed throat. But it was more a low wail of agony, than a robust call for assistance. Henry thought it was pitiful.
Henry began to cry, tears leaking from his eyes involuntarily. He couldn’t help himself. The pain was incredible, unbelievable. But even worse than the overwhelming pain was the effect it was having on his body. He was contorted, frozen, a completely incapacitated paralytic. It was the ultimate affront to his manhood. 
He was helpless.
Henry lay slumped up against the driver’s side door of his rig, his left arm dangling impotently from the steering wheel of his truck as he fought desperately, mostly with his mind, to control his beloved Betty. It was pure luck or divine intervention or perhaps both that had thus far allowed Betty to maintain a mostly straight line as Henry really hadn’t been steering her for the past 30 seconds. With truly heroic effort Henry got his right leg working a little, just enough to get on the brakes in order to slow Betty to a less lethal speed. He wasn’t sure he had enough strength left to completely stop her, but a slow roll combined with even a slight incline might be enough to stop him safely.
“At least the pain can’t get any worse,” thought Henry, trying to hang onto at least a grain of optimism.
As though God heard his words and wanted to laugh at Henry’s naiveté, a jack hammer was suddenly added to the arsenal of weapons ripping his chest apart. Henry screamed his gurgling low wail of agony again as he soiled himself and began crying in earnest.
Henry knew he was dying. This was no physical manifestation of a panic attack. This was the real deal, a genuine massive coronary. He wasn’t going to have a hot-dog and Pepsi lunch on the beach in Delray. He wasn’t going to be trucking around the country for a few more years. He wasn’t going to hang out with squirrels in a picturesque campground and reminisce about his beloved wife. He was going to have a massive, killer coronary while crying like a little girl. 
And he was going to die.
Henry thought about his beloved wife Betty, attempting to draw strength from her in order to try and continue slowing his truck. His face trembled mightily with effort as he attempted to move his leg, but still Henry tried. He didn’t want to take anyone else with him on his drive to eternity. Henry’s body, however, had other plans. It was apparently in a hurry to get dead as it seemed to be doing its best to assume a state of Rigor mortis before Henry was even a bona fide fatality. Henry knew he would soon be unable to do anything but watch as the final chapter of his story was authored. He realized with no small measure of shame that he was now a spectator to his own demise.
“BOOM! Ba-BOOM! BOOM!” went the rusty bass drum as the pimply faced hellion suddenly came back to the fore of Henry’s mind, laughing as he pounded away at his battered old instrument.
“Thought you had gotten rid of me, didn’t ya Hank! I was just biding my time, old boy, building up the drama a little bit. Ohhhhhhhhh, I think we are going to have some fun now,” whispered the hellion, grinning evilly through his stained, yellow teeth. He was marching around in a circle with his pants down around his ankles and flipping Henry the bird while continuing to pound on his bass drum with his dead-squirrel drumsticks.
“What’sa matter Hank, squirrel got your tongue?” grinned the teen demon.
Henry was almost glad he couldn’t respond. He wept anew as his beautiful, Peterbilt truck hit the side of the overpass and seemed to scream in agony as it bucked and scraped along the concrete, leaving a splashing trail of candy-apple-red “blood” along the hard, unforgiving surface.
“At least I am slowing down,” thought Henry, devastated at the damage that was being inflicted upon his beloved truck, but grateful that the violent bumping and scraping was helping cut his speed.
Henry tried to move again, but he was now completely paralyzed by the effects of the massive coronary that was besieging him – only his eyes still responded to his requests for control. Henry would have loved to assist in slowing the 12 tons of truck that was now rampaging through traffic, throwing up showers of sparks as it collided repeatedly with the concrete side of the overpass, but there was nothing he could do. He had essentially no control of his body or truck anymore as he sat slumped over in his seat, his body frozen in a semi-rigid state, as though concrete were being injected into his veins, his body slowly becoming stone as the concrete solidified and hardened.
“I truly apologize for this mess God,” prayed Henry silently, feeling enormously sorrowful and guilty about the mayhem he was causing. He prayed again that no one else would be harmed as a result of his involuntary rampage.
“Good and faithful servant,” heard Henry suddenly.
“Great, now I’m paralyzed, dying – and crazy,” thought Henry.
But that voice had been real, Henry was sure of it, as though the orator were right there in the cab listening to the Glenn Miller Orchestra with him.
Henry’s eyes shot to the left and then to the right.
Nothing.
He looked in the rear-view mirror and inspected his sleeper with his eyes.
Nada.
And then Henry felt the soft touch of a small, delicate finger upon his right cheek.
Henry’s eyes shot to the right again and his labored, ragged breathing almost stopped completely. A little girl with tiny white flowers in her hair was in his passenger seat smiling at him. And she was beautiful.
“Um, yes, I’ll have a triple coronary, a large stroke and a side-order of extremely disturbing visions,” thought Henry distractedly, now panting with the effort of trying to stay alive and keep his truck under control.
He simply could not believe his eyes. He had to be hallucinating.
Henry had no idea where the little girl had come from, but there she was, and she was real, he knew she was because she had reached out and poked him gently on the cheek. But it didn’t matter at this point where she had come from. What mattered is that she would likely be killed if she stayed in the truck with Henry.
Henry wanted to scream at the little girl to get out, or at least put on a seatbelt.  
But he was unable.
Tears leaked from his eyes and fell as salty droplets in his lap as Henry stared at the little girl, trying desperately to visually plead with her to get out, to jump from the truck or buckle up securely while there might still be time.
“Save yourself,” pleaded Henry with his mind and eyes. But the little girl just returned his gaze, smiling at him like she loved him dearly.
“She might be ok, everything might still be ok,” thought Henry as Betty continued to do a little dirty dancing with the concrete rail, slowing gradually as her body did the bump and grind with almost joyful abandon. Henry knew that if Betty just ground to a halt slowly, as she appeared to be doing, then everything would be fine. Henry thanked God that Betty seemed to have a taste for concrete barriers and rails and hadn’t yet made contact with any other vehicles.
The little girl suddenly slid over towards Henry in the cab and grasped him in an embrace of pure affection. Henry could smell the delicate fragrance of the flowers in her hair as she whispered in his ear.
“We Love You,” she breathed.
The beautiful little girl, still smiling up at Henry, then proceeded to slide down his leg a bit – and jammed her foot down hard on the accelerator. Betty took off like a rocket as sparks flew 20-feet into the air with the force of the next impact against the side of the concrete overpass. The force of the collision bounced Henry’s head off the passenger window, starring the glass. Betty’s big diesel engine screamed in protest as her revs hit the red line. Henry knew Betty’s engine was going to blow sky high with revs that high unless the transmission got geared down to handle the load. But he was only a spectator now, unable to assist or protest in any way the events that were unfolding. Despite the screaming protestations of Betty’s diesel motor, the little girl didn’t let up and just stomped down harder on the accelerator.
To say Henry was incredulous simply didn’t do the term justice. Henry wasn’t sure there was a word that could describe the feeling of utter disbelief that he had as the little girl looked up at him again, displaying her incredibly endearing smile.
“Surreal,” thought Henry. “This is simply surreal.”
Two of Betty’s tires suddenly blew from the repeated abuse they were taking as she slammed into concrete again. The force and angle of the impact caused the truck’s massive tractor trailer to tip and then careen over as it did its best impression of an Olympic diver performing a jackknife. With a metallic screech of protest, the trailer tipped to the side violently as it was driven into the concrete rail, the massive force of the collision ripping the trailer open like a can of tuna that had been attacked by a hungry giant with a dull can opener. More than 1,000 cans of shaving cream exploded inside the trailer, spewing a mountain of white, sweet-smelling foam out the gaping hole that had been torn in its side.
Betty bucked again, seemed to try to recover, then turned hard right and smashed completely through the concrete rail, sailing off into thin air like a colossal bungee jumper just out for a good time.
“Oh, dear, God,” thought Henry through a haze of agonizing pain.
Henry’s eyes shot to the right to find the little girl once again sitting nonchalantly in the passenger seat. Henry groaned internally as she smiled angelically and flashed him a double thumbs up. 
“Strangest little girl,” thought Henry’s reeling mind.
“I dig her,” replied Henry’s teen scream.
Still a paralyzed spectator, Henry continued to sail downward, accompanied by the beautiful little angel, his teen affliction and the Glenn Miller Orchestra. He was unable to do anything but pray that the ground below him would be relatively unoccupied. Henry hoped against all odds that it would not be a prayer made in vain. A fresh wave of agonizing pain suddenly racked Henry, piercing his heart like a final black dagger. He knew he would be very dead very soon, most likely before he had to experience crashing into the traffic that he knew was inevitably below him.
As gravity took hold and Henry’s cab turned toward the ground, he could indeed see there was plenty of Florida traffic beneath the overpass.
“Please not a minivan filled with children,” prayed Henry desperately.
The angelic little girl leaned in close again, lightly touching Henry’s eyes so that they were able to focus, despite the clouded haze of pain afflicting them. Henry saw what looked like two more Angels directly below him. They turned their beautiful faces toward him as he fell, and Henry noticed they had the most beautiful blonde hair he had ever seen.
“We Love You...” whispered the little girl.
Henry gasped at the truly incredible beauty of the Angels below – and died.
The front of Henry’s Peterbilt truck, its chrome grill and front bumper flashing a mischievous grin in the morning sunlight, drove straight into the open top of Catherine Trebuchet’s Volvo. The wife and daughter of Dr. Miles Trebuchet were literally liquefied with the force of the impact.
Piles of white, Barbasol shaving cream filled Catherine’s Volvo with a mountain of scented foam as Henry’s truck cab bounced violently upon impact, pulling the spurting, jackknifing trailer across the top of the Volvo before coming to rest. The mounds of brilliant white started to turn pink almost immediately as the blood of mother and daughter began mixing with the cream.
The media would later report that the scene had looked like some sort of gargantuan shaving accident had occurred inside Catherine’s car. Twenty years later, the incident would still be known as one of the most tragic and horrific traffic accidents ever to occur in the state of Florida.






Part II
Purgatory & Revelation



“We all fell to the ground, and I heard a voice saying to me in Aramaic, ‘Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me? It is hard for you to kick against the goads.’”
-- Acts 26:14



“When everything’s made to be broken, I just want you to know who I am...”
-- The Goo Goo Dolls


Chapter 9

Miles Trebuchet peered intently through the caked dust that clouded his goggles as he sped through the desert on his Kawasaki dirt bike at better than 70 miles per hour. He didn’t bother to slow down in order to wipe away any of the grime. He didn’t particularly care if he could see very well.
The hot smoke from the unfiltered cigarette clamped firmly between his lips curled upward as he changed gears, crisping and burning his previously well-groomed nasal hair. Like his nose hair, the rest of Miles’ appearance had undergone a bit of a transformation as well. There were many popular terms to describe the current state of his outward appearance. Messy. Unkempt. Dilapidated. Bedraggled. Grubby. Ungroomed.
Miles preferred plain old “filthy.” It matched his emotional state.
After the untimely and horrific death of his beloved wife and daughter, Miles had essentially dropped out of life – both mentally and physically. He hadn’t even been back to the clinic in more than three months to continue what he had once considered to be his very important work on behalf of all mankind. It just didn’t seem to matter anymore. 
Nothing seemed to matter anymore. 
Miles’ appearance simply matched his current nihilistic worldview. If saving mankind from dread disease was no longer of any consequence, then Miles couldn’t see how trimmed nasal hair, a natty wardrobe and smelling like something other than gin and tobacco were of any import whatsoever.
Miles down-shifted, dumped the clutch and gunned the accelerator as a jack rabbit broke cover in front of him.
“Run, Peter, Run!” screamed Miles through bared teeth as his now-long and disheveled hair flew away from his face in a “style” that could be best termed as “maniacal grunge.”
The powerful green bike kicked up a storm of dirt, dust, and desert pebbles as it roared after the darting bunny. Miles’ face contorted into a somewhat crazed grin as he momentarily let himself enjoy the chase and the feeling of speed and power being delivered to him courtesy of the Kawasaki corporation. He hardly noticed as the cigarette fell from his mouth, sparking brightly as it bounced off his soil-encrusted jeans. The burn patterns on Miles’ jeans suggested this type of event had occurred before.
As was always the case, he never even got close to the fuzzy little bunny before it zig-zagged away to safety, something that didn’t really perturb Miles in the least. The loss of his “prey” was really a relief. He would only have felt remorse had he done anything to actually harm one of his desert-jack-rabbit friends. And he most definitely did not need any additional anguish and sorrow in his life. Remorse could go straight to hell.
“Watch out for Mr. McGregor,” called Miles to his now-departed bunny friend as he veered away and down-shifted, intentionally letting his clutch snap closed a little too quickly in order to make the front tire on his bike rise up into the air a foot or two. 
Despite his perpetual state of anguish, Miles couldn’t keep himself from grinning just a little. He loved the feeling of power and speed that the Kawasaki could deliver. He loved the feeling of the engine racing as the rpms surged through both his bike and his body. And bunnies were just flat out cute and fun.
Miles had purchased his dirt bike the week after THE FUNERAL. He had been coming out to the desert to ride it every day since. Initially, he had ridden with at least a modicum of control. But before long he had rediscovered his love for unfiltered cigarettes and dirty martinis made with London’s finest Beefeater gin; the two vices quickly becoming a daily pre-race breakfast routine. From that point forward, his speed and recklessness had increased in direct proportion to the number of helpings he indulged in from his new breakfast menu.
 Realizing there wasn’t currently any smoke singeing his nostril hair, Miles geared down quickly and slammed on his rear brake. He skidded to a halt and turned to face the wall of desert dust he had just created. In an act of self-destructive defiance, Miles inhaled deeply as the wall of choking haze enveloped him. Miles coughed, spat, wiped his eyes, and lit another cigarette.
“Thank God for cigarettes,” thought Miles as he hocked up a loogie of grime from his lungs. 
He paused, fascinated as he watched a stray droplet of spit get caught by the breeze and hang suspended in the air for a moment, only to land with a sizzle on the red-hot tailpipe of his bike.
“A droplet of spit to represent my soul,” thought Miles, sucking hard at his cigarette as he once again began to involuntarily reminisce about his former life. The life that had been, before THE FUNERAL. Miles would have preferred emptiness, but the memories came anyway. Unbidden. Suffocating.
In his younger days, before he had met and courted Catherine, Miles had spent time studying abroad in Europe. And like so many temporary Parisians, he had fallen in love in Paris during his time there. Except the object of Miles’ affection was not a jolie mademoiselle who was fond of saying “Oui.” Instead, like many native Frenchmen, Miles had fallen deeply in love with a very-French brand of cigarettes known as Gauloises.
“Gauloises Brunes,” remembered Miles, recalling the name of the object of his affection as it had appeared the first time he had laid eyes upon its handsome light-blue packaging.
Miles thought Gauloises Brunes cigarettes were France’s, nay the world’s, finest smoke. They were made from a blend of very dark, extremely exotic Turkish tobaccos and they were, of course, unspoiled by any kind of filter. They seemed to be anachronistic somehow, from a bygone era and time when tobacco and cigarettes had been more tightly woven into the culture of manhood. When Miles smoked them he felt like Humphrey Bogart in “Casablanca.” He felt like a Sioux out on the open plains of early America. He felt like a salty dog of a sea captain on the verge of encountering Moby Dick. 
“A real cigarette, for real men,” was how Miles described his particular denomination.
Across the pond, however, a fresh pack of Gauloises Brunes could be somewhat difficult to obtain. Miles had to order his Gauloises Brunes direct from France via the Internet – express shipping. A rather expensive proposition. But Miles was way beyond caring about money. He had plenty of money. As a premier medical researcher for the past 20+ years, Miles had been very well funded from various governmental and private sources, funding that had allowed him to maintain a very generous salary and amass a small fortune. And Catherine’s family had come from money. Unless he went completely bonkers and bought motorcycles for most of the state of Arizona, he would always have enough to live a life of relative comfort. If the cost of his prized Gauloises cigarettes had been $100 per pack, Miles would still have been a buyer. Miles knew, however, that not caring about money, income or resources was just another facet of the self-destructive malaise that seemed to have captured his soul since the horrible death of his beautiful wife and daughter.
“Catherine.”
“Ashley.”
Miles shuddered, suddenly feeling cold in the desert heat, smoke erupting involuntarily from his nose, making him cough hoarsely. 
Catherine had made him quit smoking his beloved Gauloises Brunes, of course.
“Smoking in and of itself is awful, but this is the most unhealthy and disgusting form of smoking the world has ever created,” Miles remembered her saying the first time she had come into contact with the thick, acrid smoke that the Brunes line of Gauloises cigarettes were world-famous for producing.
Miles smiled at the memory and remembered how he had argued that such intellectual giants as French existentialist Jean-Paul Sartre and his partner in philosophical “crime” Albert Camus had lived their lives and contributed their great works while enveloped in a hazy cloud of Gauloises-generated smoke. Catherine had bought that Sartre had been a great philosopher and that Camus was a very famous author. She didn’t necessarily think it was accurate, however, to attribute their success to the smoking of foul-smelling cigarettes.
In the end, Miles had given in to Catherine’s wishes and had quit smoking completely. He simply loved Catherine more than anything else he had every known in his life and was willing to do anything for her, including giving up all of his favorite vices.
“Anything for you my dear,” thought Miles as he remembered the first time he had laid eyes upon his beloved wife.
They had met soon after Miles had returned from Paris where he had been studying medicine on an exchange program. He had attended an event with friends at a country club in Boston, a club that Catherine and her family belonged to as long-time, respected members. Miles would never forget the first time he had seen Catherine, the way it felt as though both his heart and time itself had ceased to function correctly. Miles could still see her like it was yesterday. The way she had swept into the room, her presence like a magnet for masculinity, every man in the room turning toward her – without hesitation, without question. Catherine had absolutely radiated feminine attraction.
“Dearest Catherine. So incredibly beautiful. At least she was…” thought Miles as he once again pulled hard on his brunes.
Miles had always preferred women who enjoyed being feminine and liked to dress the part. He had never seen a woman do it as well as Catherine. She was simply the classiest, most stylish, most incredibly beautiful woman he had ever seen. And she was staggeringly sexy in a way that was difficult to describe, in a way that perhaps could only be felt. He knew the moment he saw her sparkling green eyes, her come-hither, mischievous mona-lisa grin, her immaculately coiffed and shining blonde hair that regardless of whether or not she ever even spoke to him, he would devote his life to her and would never want another.
Miles couldn’t believe his good fortune when he had run into Catherine by herself on the veranda later that evening and had gotten the chance to talk to her at length. He was thunderstruck that not only had he somehow mustered the courage to ask her to brunch the next day, but that she had agreed – with a smile that had made every cell in his body shiver with desire. His entire being was at a loss when, two years later, he had married Catherine in a grand ceremony fit for a prince and princess. Had Miles never breathed again after that day, he would have died content, without any sense of remorse or regret about “all the things he should have done.” Catherine simply made him complete, and he loved her still with a fiery passion and commitment to her happiness that seemed to know no bounds.
And now she was gone, forever, for all time, as though she had never existed. It was as if she had never graced the world with her beauty and elegance at all. Miles thought it truly sad, not only for himself but for everyone else as well. No one would ever again enjoy Catherine’s wit, her wisdom, her style and beauty – for all time, for all eternity. 
Forever. 
Miles thought it catastrophically depressing when he considered all of the other Catherines who had lived, died, and had sunk as an anonymous grain into the infinitely stretching sands of time, never to be seen, smelled or enjoyed by the world again. It made him question not only the meaning of life, but whether life had any purpose at all. It all seemed so completely pointless and meaningless. It made his soul ache with genuine despondency.
Miles pulled in the clutch and revved his Kawasaki’s 250cc engine in a growling protest of universal unfairness and futility. 
“To Nietsche,” thought Miles as he unceremoniously dumped the clutch once more, making his bike leap forward, the front tire once again rising high into the air.
Smoke poured from the bike’s tailpipe and Mile’s nostrils as his back tire dug deep furrows in the desert, creating a rooster tail of dust and debris behind him as he raced headlong into the morning. Miles knew where he was headed. He went there every day at the end of his daily ride – “The End of the World.”
“The End of the World,” thought Miles resolutely, smoke from the last of half of his current cigarette curling up and around his ears like smoldering horns.
“The End of the World” was a cliff that seemed to bring an abrupt end to the entire desert. It stretched for miles and was simply awesome in its height and majesty. At least 200 feet deep, Miles had discovered the massive overhang during his first week of riding. The approach to the edge was incredibly deceptive – and dangerous. It seemed to blend in perfectly with the panoramic vista, almost as though it were intentionally camouflaged. The first time he had encountered the cliff, Miles had almost done some involuntary midair sightseeing as he had been completely unaware of the precipice until he was nearly upon its edge. That had been an interesting experience in abject fear, another newly discovered emotion.
Not that Miles thought sailing off a cliff at better than 100 miles per hour was necessarily a bad thing, he just wasn’t sure he had obtained the requisite courage yet to undertake that particular flight.
Miles clamped down hard on the cigarette in his mouth and really leaned on the throttle as he quick shifted into 5th gear, bringing the front tire of the bike up off the ground again with the power of the shift. He lifted his face up to the sky and let the sun bathe his face in its fiery, late-morning glow, hoping to perhaps find some redemption and meaning in the light. But it wasn’t like it used to be. The old feelings of “Joi de Vivre” that had driven Miles to enjoy life and pursue all it had to offer had grown cold within him. Like everything else these days, the light of the sun just illuminated his sorrow and depressed him.
Miles put his head down and leaned over the handle bars so that his stomach was touching the gas tank on his bike, something that helped him improve his slipstream in order to achieve maximum speed. He then rolled the throttle all the way open as he shifted into 6th gear. Had anyone been there to see him go by, it was likely they would have thought they had seen a grinning, smoking demon roar past at close to the speed of sound. Miles knew it was more than just a little dangerous to be bouncing across the desert at over 100 miles per hour while making a beeline for “The End of the World,” but he didn’t care. He wanted the danger. He craved it. He knew he was building the courage he needed to take his final flight.
“To sleep, perchance to dream,” quoted Miles in his mind as he thought about his favorite play by Shakespeare. He felt it an apt quote given his current state of mind. Hamlet too had been considering ending his life during that particular soliloquy. The bike leaped forward as Miles twisted the throttle to its limits.
Miles closed his eyes and listened to the roar of the wind in his ears.
“To die, to sleep, no more...”
At the last possible moment, Miles down-shifted hard and hit the back brakes so that his Kawasaki skidded abruptly, weaving a deep, long furrow through the dirt and sand as he fought hard to keep the bike from dumping him. He stopped just short of the cliff’s edge, cutting it closer than he ever had before. His front tire was less than two feet from the point of no return. As the incredible amount of dust he had caused caught up to him, then cleared, Miles turned to look behind him. It looked as though a colossal rattlesnake had wound its way across the desert floor in an angry pursuit of his rear tire. 
It was easily the most impressive skid he had yet performed.
“Maybe I am ready for that flight on ‘Southwest Dare’ after all,” thought Miles as he removed his grime encrusted goggles and lit another cigarette. He sucked a long, satisfying drag of Turkish tobacco smoke into his lungs and gazed out across the desert at the scenic panorama stretching to the horizon before him, then killed the engine on his Kawasaki. The silence of the desert immediately engulfed him, enhancing the grandeur of the view.
“Catherine would have loved this spot,” whispered Miles aloud, yet again violating his personal edict to avoid thinking about his beloved wife every moment of every day.
“This would have been a perfect spot to have a sunrise breakfast,” thought Miles, giving in to the fantasy as he pictured Catherine and himself sitting at a small round table that was dressed in fine white linens, sipping champagne and orange juice, munching on chocolate croissants as they gazed at the incredible beauty of the rising sun beyond the cliff’s edge.
Miles knew that not having Catherine and Ashley in his life was slowly killing him. He felt as though his heart had been literally cleaved in two – one half for Catherine, one half for Ashley, and nothing left for himself. He would gladly have given them his heart, of course, as long as he didn’t have to go on living without it. Joining them in death would have been much easier, and far better.
Miles ran his dirt-encrusted fingers gently across the small sculpture that he had welded onto the handlebars of his bike. It was a detailed, metal sculpture of two female Angels, one slightly smaller than the other. It was made from bicycle spokes that he had recycled for artistic purposes. Their heads bowed, their wings intertwined to envelop each other, it looked as though the angels were acknowledging their creator and were pledging their acceptance of the inevitability of the universe while they held each other. Although a small piece, Miles thought it one of his best. He had named the sculpture “My Family” in tribute to his fallen wife and daughter.
“The artist now has motivation,” thought Miles disconsolately as he thought about how strange it was to suddenly be rediscovering his art, remembering too how his parents had taken him one weekend when he was 10 years old to an art gallery in the little berg of Fern Grove near his hometown along the Oregon coast. It had been a day he would never forget.
The most incredible contraptions Miles had ever seen had been on display that day. Magical sculptures made out of brass, and copper, and silver, and bronze. Sculptures that contained intricate little hardwood figurines going about their daily tasks, and carefully sewn fragments of cloth that served as everything from clothes and tents and flags and banners and ramparts for damsels in distress, to brightly colored decorations which adorned the sweeping rails that wound throughout each sculpture, curving around and around, never really ending, seemingly seeking forever.
Each sculpture was a work of art that told a special story.
And they had moved.
Ferris wheels turned, flags unfurled, catapults launched, rockets flew, vicars blessed, and little girls laughed and waved as steel balls like small pinballs moved throughout the sculptures triggering all kinds of amazing mechanisms and events. They had been Rube Goldberg machines, of course. A term that had meant nothing at the time for Miles, but one which would enrapture his artistic spirit from that day forward.
“Hobson Green,” thought Miles, remembering the name of the local artist who had built upon the musings of Mr. Goldberg and whose imagination and creativity had changed Miles’ life forever. 
Subsequent to his visit to the young Mr. Green’s laboratory, Miles had taken an almost obsessive interest in art, the art of sculpture in particular. He had worked initially with both wood and metal, but had quickly found that sculpting with metal was where his heart lay. His dad, understandably, had not been a big fan of the metal sculpting as it required the use of fire and super-heated torches. Miles, much to his dismay, had born out his father’s fears on more than one occasion by unintentionally starting sometimes not-so-small fires with his torches. Miles remembered how angry his father had been after one particularly smoke-filled incident that had resulted in the incineration of a good portion of the garage. 
Miles pushed those particular memories away forcefully. Like his mom, his dad was gone. He had no desire to think about even more loved ones who were gone forever, as though they too had never existed.
Miles forced his thoughts back to art, a subject in which he could lose himself. Like dark, turkish Gauloises Brunes cigarettes, sculpture had once again become an important part of his life. He found sculpting comforting, and perhaps more important, distracting. But tears often still fell from his eyes when he was working, sizzling with agony as they died against patches of red-hot metal. Still, Miles had been able to find at least brief moments of distraction and redemption for his embittered soul while he twisted and bent pieces of metal to his artistic will. It wasn’t exactly a cure for his emotional agony, but it was better than nothing.
Miles touched the wings of the angel in his sculpture that represented Catherine, sighing long and hard, exhaling as far as he could until it seemed like every trace of oxygen had been swept from his lungs. He wanted to feel physically the way he felt emotionally – breathless. He had sworn months ago that he would obliterate all thoughts of his wife and daughter’s accident from his conscious mind. It was turning out to be a difficult oath to keep. His brain seemed to twist and turn with a will of its own. He often felt like his mind was a spinning top of great power that constantly threatened to wrench itself away from the line of thinking he wished it to pursue as it violently shifted course, the way a whirling gyroscope will pull sharply when it is turned slightly while being held in the hand. Miles repeatedly begged his mind to control itself and not subject him to further agony, but it seldom seemed to heed his pleas for mercy.
At first, he had just sat dumbfounded in front of the television, unable to move, unable to think, seemingly unable to breathe. He wanted to just get lost in mindless re-runs of “I Love Lucy” and “Laverne & Shirley,” anything to distract himself from having to think about the awful fate his beautiful wife and daughter had encountered. But the media’s appetite for a sensational story soon dashed his hopes for an empty escape. No matter which channel he turned to, there were incessant reminders of the accident. It was a “Big Story” after all, complete with lots of color pictures and full-motion video of the accident scene and endless interviews with those even remotely associated with the tragedy.
Even after he had turned off the television for good, Miles hadn’t been able to keep food down. The horrific images of the crash site just continued to circle his mind like a demon-possessed merry-go-round. It had been like some sort of grim slide show of a family vacation in Florida gone horribly wrong playing over and over and over in his head, until he became so nauseous and sick from the frightful scenes that his stomach would cramp massively and he would dry heave for what seemed like hours. Just thinking about it now made Miles want to retch anew.
How a beautiful woman and little girl could be ripped from the Earth with such uncaring brutality was beyond him. The act itself, not to mention the emptiness it had left in the middle of his heart, just didn’t make any sense. As a scientist, Miles prided himself on being able to find rational answers to everything he encountered in the natural world. Science had always served him well.
But it was different this time. This time he found himself unable to emotionally disconnect from the subject matter. This time science seemed to have no answers that could comfort his soul. For the first time in his life, Miles was finding science insufficient. Science seemed to have no explanations or answers for the black void that now existed somewhere near the center of his soul. Miles thought perhaps religion had been created for the sole purpose of providing comfort in situations such as these, situations where the arms of science and reality held only a cold, empty embrace. A hug made up of nothingness. But religion wasn’t a path down which Miles Trebuchet was willing to proceed. That was the way of elves and fairies and all things make believe.
Superstition.
Religion.
God. 
That was the way that had killed his mother. 
Miles had dedicated his entire life to placing signposts of common sense along that particular walkway. Warnings to his fellow man. Weapons in the battle against superstition and irrationality. 
Signs like Occam’s Razor.
“All things being equal, the simplest solution tends to be the right one,” recited Miles as he considered the simple, but extremely powerful theory that he had used often throughout his life as a man of science.
 “A pie plate captured on film flying through the air is not a UFO with sinister aliens on board, it’s just a pie plate,” was one of Miles’ favorite ways to explain the concept of Occam’s Razor to the scientifically uninitiated. 
But even Occam’s Razor seemed incapable of helping him find satisfactory answers to the questions and feelings that now plagued him.
Why had this happened? 
What had he done to deserve this?
And perhaps most important of all: What had Catherine and Ashley done to deserve such a terrible and tragic fate? And why had they existed at all if there was just nothingness to be left behind?
Miles had always been able to find rational answers to everything he encountered in life. But this time there were no easy, logical answers. It felt like he couldn’t escape his humanity, regardless of the amount of logic and reason he poured into the effort. It made him want to stamp his feet like a child and scream with frustration. There simply seemed to be no good answer for why his wife and daughter had been unceremoniously taken from him, or why they had existed at all.
Miles could only assume as a scientist that, like life itself, the accident had just been coincidence. Pure chance. The “luck of the draw” so to speak. It was simply the chaos of the universe coming to rest for a moment on his particular existence. The butterfly of fate is simply drawn here and there randomly by human nectar, and on that particular day, his had been especially sweet.
The accident could have been fate or “God’s will” or some such nonsense, but when one applied the keen edge of Occam’s Razor and sliced away all the superfluous supernatural gibberish and hyperbole, it always turned out to be just a pie plate. And there was nothing particularly supernatural or meaningful about pie plates.
Everything in the universe was just a swirling mass of chaotic events that led to random outcomes. Not that Miles hadn’t believed this very concept his entire adult life anyway, but it was one thing to believe something theoretically as a scientist; it was something else entirely to actually encounter the hard, razor-sharp edge of universally random nothingness.
It all made Miles wish there really were a God. That would mean there was a master intelligence guiding the universe, which would mean there was a design, which implied universal purpose. His wife and daughter’s death had thus not been meaningless but had instead been part of some master plan – a perfect plan that had been created by some super intelligence that was responsible for designing and operating the universe.
“Um, right. And Spiderman and The Fantastic Four are real,” thought Miles sardonically as he mentally scoffed at the complete absurdity of the idea that a master intelligence guided and directed the universe with supernatural powers.
It was clear to Miles that random, meaningless events which destroy people and lives are just more evidence that there is no God, not proof of a God.
Occam’s Razor would, after all, posit that the simplest solution was always the right one, and random chaos was simply a less-complex and reasonable answer than was a galactic Spiderman.
“God is a pie plate,” thought Miles as he flicked the remainder of his Brunes over the edge of the cliff.
Tiring of the pain that reminiscing inevitably brought him, Miles angrily jumped on his kick starter and revved the Kawasaki’s powerful motor back to life. The desert seemed to almost shake around him as he pointed his front tire at the cliff’s edge, held in the clutch, and gunned the Kawasaki for all it was worth.
“Maybe tomorrow,” thought Miles.





Chapter 10

Miles found himself sitting in Catherine’s convertible Volvo. Oddly, he wasn’t moving. And there wasn’t a speck of asphalt to be seen. Instead of being on the road as one would expect when seated in a Volvo, he was in the middle of a beautiful field, surrounded on all sides by gently rolling green hills. The grassy turf that swept away from him in all directions was perfectly manicured, although strangely so. It wasn’t a hard-edged perfection that bespoke a mechanical trimming or cutting. It was softer than that, a more gentle manicure. It was as though the grass had simply decided to grow itself into a state of perpetual perfection. Amidst the immaculate grass, tiny white-and-yellow flowers sprouted forth in an abundant spray of color, picking up the glow of the morning sun and reflecting it as sparkling, buttery magic. And up above, the impossibly blue sky was absolutely awe inspiring as old Sol lit the heavens on fire with intermingled hues of delicate pink and purple and blue – like God putting on a pastel fireworks show. 
It was more than just beautiful, it was idyllic, utopian, perhaps even Eden like.
Miles hated it.
All of it.
He hated the magical colors, he hated the soaring sky, and he really hated the transcendent beauty that seemed so determined to wrap his soul in a warm embrace of unconditional love. It was a love that seemed fixated on forcing him to abandon his well-founded state of emotional and spiritual malaise. 
Miles wanted none of it. He was perfectly satisfied with his current outlook on life. How else should he feel after his beloved wife and daughter had been ripped from his world, killed without cause by a universe that wasn’t even capable of caring? It was all fleeting. It was all meaningless. And he would never see his beautiful Catherine or Ashley again. If that realization and descent into nothingness wasn’t an excuse to feel despondent and bitter, Miles didn’t know what was. He would likely have felt guilty about achieving an emotional state other than “meh.”
Still, he could have borne his currently nightly predicament with a little more emotional aplomb – if it hadn’t felt so much like solitary confinement for his soul. Miles found himself in this same “dream” every night now, trapped in his dead wife’s Volvo, where everything was always the same and nothing ever changed. He hated the mind-numbing sameness of it all, no matter how beautiful the surroundings. Where was the change, the progression? The life? It was like his own personal version of the movie “Groundhog Day,” except worse. At least the main character – Phil – had spent his days with a town full of semi-interesting people. Miles was spending every night alone – over and over and over again – trapped in the convertible metal coffin of Swedish design that had been the last resting place of his beloved wife and daughter.
Miles had been living this same nightly vision for months now, and he was bone tired of it. He knew what was coming next. The dream was always the same. He was about to get that same old anxious feeling that he had work to do. Important work.
“And there it is,” thought Miles despondently as his feet began to first tingle, then itch uncontrollably.
An incredibly urgent feeling that he had to act – now! – ran through every ounce of Miles, making his heart beat with rapid irregularity as a tremendous sense that he was somehow missing something, that he should be doing something, coursed throughout his entire body. It was like his veins had become fast moving streams of pins and needles that eventually pooled in his feet, where they swirled, and swirled, and swirled, creating a whirlpool of itchy agony. It was as though his feet were screaming at him in the only way they could, telling him in no uncertain terms that he needed to get up and go, urging him on in the only way they knew how – by itching with steadfast vigor. Miles would fruitlessly rub his shoes together in order to try and quell the itching, but his feet seemed to be inconsolable. All he usually succeeded in doing was scratching so much that his ankles started to add a raw, red glow to the spray of blue, yellow, white, violet, pink, and green that was everywhere around him.
“Trapped in my dead wife’s Volvo with eternally itching feet – for the rest of my nights, however many there might be,” thought Miles with an inconsolable “grin.”
 Miles fought the urge to giggle and turned his attention once more to his seatbelt, tugging again at the restraint that held him in a state of seemingly eternal safety, keeping him strapped down tightly in preparation for a ride that never seemed to come. Try as he might, Miles was never quite able to readjust or disengage the seatbelt mechanism. He had struggled mightily with the belt in a vain attempt to release himself from the vehicle when he had first started spending time in Catherine’s Volvo at night. Now he just sat quietly and accepted his fate most of the time, his feet nagging at him to get going with their incessant, poison-ivy-laced project plan.
Miles looked around as he continued lightly rubbing his feet together, thinking as he did so that the “dream” he was in somehow seemed far too genuine to be a dream at all. Miles had always dreamed robustly. He had even had other repetitive dreams during his life. But not like this. Unlike any other dream he had ever endured or enjoyed, in this one Miles seemed to have complete free will to say and do what he wanted. He felt as though he really were sitting in Catherine’s Volvo in the middle of an idyllic natural setting and wasn’t inside a dream at all. It was more like he had crossed over to somewhere else, some other dimension perhaps, than it was like being in a traditional dream, even a repetitive one. Had he not been strapped down in the Volvo, Miles was fairly certain that he could have interacted with his environment in any way he chose – as though the dream had no storyline or predetermined outcome, like he was in charge of it all. It was as though his entire being, including his physical self, really had been transported to a somewhere else that was far behind his usual veil of reality. In many ways, it was more like real life that it was a dream.
But regardless of whether the experience was the result of a dream, a vision, or some kind of inter-dimensional mind travel, Miles wanted it to end. He couldn’t wait for his “lease” on the Volvo to expire so he could trade it in on a new model. Maybe a Jeep on a beautiful ocean beach somewhere, or a Porsche 911 Targa slipping through the air at a high rate of speed on the Autobahn in Germany. Anything was better than being trapped in Catherine’s Volvo over and over again, night after endless night. It was the vehicle that his wife and daughter had died in. He had no desire to spend even one moment in the car, much less every night for the rest of his life.
“I really don’ think I can take much more of this,” thought Miles despondently as his feet continued to itch uncontrollably, urging him onward towards some unknown action, some unrecognizable goal.
Miles growled in frustration as he stared daggers at his feet and renewed his efforts to stop the itching by vigorously rubbing them together.
“At this rate, my feet are going to be mating soon,” thought Miles with a smile that was half-hearted at best.
“I can’t go anywhere because the seatbelt is trapping me in this car. As soon as I can go somewhere, I promise, I will,” said Miles aloud, staring directly at his feet, thinking he could perhaps reason with his currently least-favorite appendages.
He felt slightly ridiculous for trying to converse with his own feet, but he held out at least a modicum of hope that they would find some solace in his words and would let up on him a bit, would perhaps take pity on him. As usual, however, his feet ignored him.
“Stupid appendages,” thought Miles, feeling his mind start to reel a bit with the almost epic absurdity of the situation.
Miles felt like he was on the ragged edge of out-of-control anxiety all the time since the death of Catherine and Ashley. Whether he was awake, sleeping, or somewhere in between, the despair and anxiousness he felt never seemed to fade. Miles knew he had to relax. He needed some real sleep for once instead of crossing over into this netherworld of deceptively idyllic beauty in which he found himself every night.
“Hey God, you’re supposed to be up there running, or should I say ruining, everything. How about you show me some mercy and get me out of this ‘dream’ once and for all?” asked Miles sardonically, not expecting an answer in any way from the mythical being who ostensibly created the universe as he looked around at the perfect green grass and the pretty little yellow-and-white flowers that surrounded him.
Miles sat quietly, staring at the amazing sky, breathing slowly, waiting for an answer to his prayer.
Nothing.
Everything looked the same as it always did.
“As expected,” thought Miles, almost despairing that he had once again been proven right about God and the nature of the universe. No matter how much he fought against it, Miles knew that somewhere deep down in the molecular structure of his heart he still held out hope that tangible proof of God would someday be his, proof that would be firm enough to support meaning, meaning that would be deep enough to provide solace – and hope. Hope for deceased wives and daughters. Hope for long-dead mothers.
Miles growled, forcibly casting all thoughts of God and other ridiculousness aside as he lowered his gaze to once again plead with his itching feet. He reached down, straining against his seatbelt in what he already knew was an act of desperation that was destined to fail. Miles sagged against his seatbelt and lowered his eyes. He felt completely drained and wholly defeated. Miles closed his eyes, hoping all breath would just leave him.
A sudden flash of brilliant light more felt than seen made Miles open his eyes slightly, so that he was squinting into the idyllic beauty that surrounded him. Even squinting he could see that a new hood ornament now adorned Catherine’s Volvo. It was the sculpture he had attached to his dirt bike, the little piece of artwork he had named “My Family.” The two metal Angels who represented Catherine and Ashley were now affixed to the front of the vehicle, seemingly leading Miles somewhere, guiding him in his stranded journey to nowhere. The Ashley angel suddenly seemed to wink at him as a ray of brilliant white sunlight momentarily glinted off its highly polished surface.
“I love you too Ash,” thought Miles, perplexed as to why that particular thought had suddenly entered his head.
Unfortunately, although Miles was happy to see his tribute to his wife and daughter now adorning the Volvo, it didn’t really help him at all. He was still trapped inside a nightmare without any apparent means of escape, and his feet still seemed to be doing their utmost to copulate with each other as he rubbed them together incessantly.
Miles reclined the driver’s seat all the way back, thinking that if he wasn’t going anywhere, he could at least get some rest. Perhaps relaxing for a bit would at least lessen the anxiety that seemed to be trying to crawl through his body like an army of ants invading his veins. Maybe he could even fall asleep for a while inside his “dream.” Maybe that would allow him to sleep without dreaming at all. Sleep without dreams was good, it made everything go away – at least for a while.
“Sleeping a dreamless sleep inside another dream would certainly be a neat trick,” thought Miles as he gazed upward at the thick white clouds that had suddenly rolled in above him.
“Very strange clouds,” thought Miles with interest as he stared intently at the sky above him. He couldn’t remember ever seeing so many clouds in his dream before, especially not the type of clouds he was seeing now.
The cloud formations were extremely dense and smooth, like someone had placed enormous cotton balls of varying sizes in the sky and had then poured marshmallow cream everywhere to fill in the gaps. Despite his sour mood, Miles couldn’t help but be a little awed at the beauty of the clouds as the morning sun made them blaze with flaring pockets of orange and violet.
Miles tried to relax and distract himself by forming some “cloud sculptures” as he gazed up at the sky. He had always been good at finding images in the clouds. He had dubbed them “cloud sculptures” in his youth as he had developed an interest in the arts, specifically the art of sculpture. Well after his childhood had ended, Miles had found that forming cloud sculptures could still be a very relaxing and entertaining past time. He had often created grand artwork in the sky with his daughter Ashley during their years together.
Miles unfocused his eyes and tried to let his mind relax as he scanned the sky in search of dragons, and castles, and pirate ships laden with booty. For the first time in his life, however, Miles was unable to find any. There didn’t seem to be any visible cloud sculptures at all. He had always been able to find recognizable shapes and formations in almost any sky where clouds existed, sometimes just from the contrails left behind by jets. But these clouds were strange. They were purest white, but also extremely dense and thick, and they were swirling and roiling gently as though caressing each other.
Miles tried again, letting his eyes lose focus just a bit more until he saw a series of curves that looked symmetrical somehow. He followed the outlines of the various curves and literally gasped at the three-dimensional images that popped forth as his eyes finally deciphered the “cloud code.”
“Children?” thought Miles incredulously.
There appeared to be thousands upon thousands of cherubic infants in the clouds.
And they were moving.
The motion of the babies was what was creating the gentle roiling effect in the clouds. They were beautiful really, playing and embracing each other, smiling with magic as the sun continued to flare amongst them with demure hints of pink and orange and purple.
“Like they’re taking a bubble bath in colored sunlight,” thought Miles as he continued to involuntarily hold his breath, noticing absently that his feet had stopped itching, something for which he was profoundly grateful. 
Unable to help himself, Miles grinned and waved at the clouds, waving his hand enthusiastically, enjoying both the sight of the “baby clouds” and the fact that something new had entered his dream state. The sameness, the monotony, had been broken. 
And then he heard a sound. It was a small sound at first, but it held the promise of eventual grandeur and majesty, like the initial breath of wind that grows up someday to become a typhoon.
“... Love You,” Miles thought he heard as the hint of a sound began to grow and resonate in the air.
“We Love You,” heard Miles distinctly as the sound came again.
“Oh no,” thought Miles, a sense of trepidation assailing him as he recognized the now-familiar words.
“We Love You!!!” sang the cherubic children in the clouds grandly with a melody that seemed to resonate with the power of the universe itself.
Miles’ feet began to itch once more.
“We ... Love ... You ...” called the storm of swirling, smiling infants in a kind of repetitive chant.
The volume, the sheer power of the sound seemed to shake the very foundations of the world in which Miles now found himself. It was so incredibly large and powerful that it seemed to pierce every cell in his body, making him physically vibrate with its unbelievable resonance. Miles felt as though the power of the sound was going to blow him apart, every cell in his body exploding outward like tachyon tracers.
And still the power and resonance of the sound grew.
Miles clamped his hands over his ears and shot upward in the driver’s seat of the Volvo, trying desperately to escape the power of the sound – and found himself staring directly into the sparkling green eyes of his daughter.
“She has her mother’s eyes,” thought Miles with wonder as he stared in shocked disbelief at his beloved daughter Ashley. 
She was even more perfectly beautiful than he remembered.
Ashley was standing next to the drivers-side door wearing a big white t-shirt that hung down below her knees. The t-shirt had the words “U Can Help Her” emblazoned on its front in large, stylized letters of pure crimson. She wasn’t wearing any shoes, and in her perfectly blonde hair were dozens of little yellow-and-white flowers similar to the ones that sprouted joyfully from the grassy hills that surrounded them.
She was lovely.
And she was real.
“Who can I help?” thought Miles absently as he looked at his beloved daughter with utter amazement.
“Hi Daddy,” chimed Ashley, her voice unconcerned and happy, almost bouncing with youthful enthusiasm and joy. It was as though Miles had just come home from a long day’s work and she had run to the door to greet him. 
Ashley flashed one of her world-ending smiles and Miles felt his heart bump up against a couple of his ribs as it swelled to Grinch-like proportions. Miles desperately wanted to speak to his daughter, to fly from the Volvo and hold her in his arms. But he was unable to do either. He was simply overwhelmed at every level. He couldn’t have moved even if his eternal safety belt had suddenly given way. Being trapped in Catherine’s Volvo, the swirling babies in the clouds singing their earth-shattering song, his beloved, very-deceased daughter suddenly appearing next to him… It was all too much. Like a deer hypnotized by headlights on a country road at dusk, Miles had gone “tharn.” He was frozen, paralyzed, his tongue glued to the roof of his mouth, his eyes unblinking, pleading for redemption.
Ashley reached out and lovingly placed a finger against his lips as though trying to calm him amidst the thundering sound of affection that continued to emanate from the swirling heavens above. She leaned in close so that Miles could smell the faintly familiar scent emanating from the flowers in her hair.
Ashley kissed him lightly on the cheek as tears ran down Miles’ face, her perfect child’s lips brushing lightly against his ear.
“We Love You,” she whispered.



Chapter 11

Miles threw the sheets aside and leapt from his bed, landing on all fours in a crouch. His breath came in ragged gasps as he tried to gather himself, his eyes frantically scanning the room for threats, for meaning. He tried to clear his head and focus his eyes as he slowly became aware that he was crouching like a tiger in the middle of his bedroom. His heart pounded like Thor’s hammer had been embedded in his chest, and he seemed completely unable to catch his breath.
“Ashley,” panted Miles in a breathless croak, his daughter’s beautiful, angelic face swimming once more to the fore of his mind, her expression of unabashed innocence and joy reminding him of hope.
It was a face he had thought he would never see again.
It was a face he missed desperately.
It was a face he loved.
Miles began to weep uncontrollably in the soft glow of the bubbling light that emanated from the magnificent 500-gallon aquarium built into the wall of his bedroom. Most people would have been mesmerized to the point of awe by the truly incredible aquarium as it gurgled and glowed amidst neon-enhanced hues of violet and green. Miles didn’t even notice. Catherine and Ashley were all he cared about. They were still all he could think about. His beloved wife and daughter still consumed him. Every waking moment he had was still devoted to them, perhaps even more so now that they were gone.
“They’re gone. Forever,” whispered Miles, his voice shaking with emotion.
“She was there. You saw her. You smelled her,” came the calm, insistent reply from Miles’ heart and mind.
Miles dug deep down for the strength to uproot all seeds of hope regarding a continued existence of any kind for Ashley or Catherine. He didn’t want to give in to irrational optimism. It might take root after all, maybe even sprout, only to grow to impossible proportions – watered by ever-burgeoning buckets of false hope, eventually blooming into abject insanity. But continuing to bury that kernel of hope wasn’t easy. His entire body quivered with the effort, like a tennis racket strung too tightly, every string fraying with tension, on the verge of snapping. Miles desperately wanted them to be alive – somehow, some way, some place. 
Miles thought he heard one of the strings give way on the tennis racket that was his psyche as his mind asked a single unstoppable, unyielding question.
Could Ashley really have been there with him, in that idyllic, pastoral setting? Was it somehow possible? 
Could she still “be”?
“Not possible!” growled Miles fiercely, his outburst seeming to force additional bubbles to suddenly gurgle forth from three of his aquarium clams.
Still crouching, Miles clenched his fists in anger and bowed his head as he listened to the barely audible impacts his tears made on the Berber carpet that covered his bedroom floor with woven luxury. Possible or not, Ashley had been there. He had seen her, felt her, smelled her. She had been real, and she had spoken to him.
Somehow, some way, she was still alive.
“Superstitious hocus pocus,” snarled Miles through gritted teeth. He could taste the bitter saltiness of his tears as they ran down his face and across his now-bared teeth.
Miles knew what the scientists and devotees of Occam’s Razor would say. He hadn’t had some sort of mystical experience with his now-dead daughter, interacting with supernatural forces somewhere out there in the cosmos. It had simply been a dream, or a nightmare, depending upon one’s subjective interpretation of “good” and “bad.” Nothing more, nothing less. It was a pie plate. To try and turn it into anything else was to abandon the Autobahn of science in favor of an unmaintained gravel road made of mysticism and superstition, a nonsensically winding road adorned with quaint, folksy signs like “Magic Crossing” and “Myth Intersection and “Slow, God Ahead.” Miles considered that particular road to be a very dark path indeed, a road that was only straight for the unenlightened. It was a trail that always ended in the same place – ignorance.
“Though mystic and supernatural paths to understanding are easy to find, and are often appealing, they all unfortunately end up at the same destination – a grandly decorated booth with a little man behind a curtain pulling levers,” quoted Miles as he remembered one of his favorite writings from years ago by an author whose name he could no longer recall.
Miles had based his life upon science, logic and the tenets of existential nihilism. He felt that life is what one made of it, external forces – gods, spirits, deities, leprechauns, et al. – simply had no bearing or meaning in the real world. He even had a t-shirt that quoted Nietsche, a philosophical giant of existential nihilist philosophies.
“Gott ist tot,” Nietsche had said.
“God is dead,” translated Miles. 
He couldn’t have agreed more with the sentiment.
Was he really willing to abandon Occam’s Razor, Nietsche, and thousands of years of history, education and science in order to travel down the darkest, most-fearful road he could imagine? Straight into the groundless, twisted forest of mysticism and the supernatural?
“Never!” exclaimed Miles with resolute fervor as he beat his fallen tears into the Berber with a closed fist. 
He had not seen Ashley. He had not talked to her. She had not been wearing that crazy “U Can Help Her” t-shirt. He had been having a dream. That was it, there was nothing more. It was a pie plate.
“I need a drink and a smoke,” thought Miles as he climbed up off the floor and grabbed an open pack of Gauloises Brunes from his nightstand.
“That’s the smoke part, now, about that drink,” quipped Miles to the tropical fish swimming in endless circles within the confines of his magnificent, glowing aquarium. 
Miles forcefully struck a match and touched the flame to his freshly compacted Brunes. He inhaled deeply, grateful for the nicotine as he poured out a healthy dose of London’s finest Beefeater gin into one of the cobalt-blue martini glasses that he had purchased during a trip to San Francisco a lifetime ago. A green olive and a hint of vermouth later, Miles had a proper Martini for an early morning breakfast. He downed it quickly and, still feeling a little hungry, decided to have seconds out on the patio.
Miles sipped his second Martini and savored the smoke from his third Brunes cigarette of the morning while he gazed out at the desert. Despite his mood, he had to admit that it was a beautiful sight. The moon was full and hung huge in the sky, bathing the desert in a stark white light that seemed to provide a clarity of thought and purpose to the entire landscape.
“Ashley,” thought Miles, feeling fresh tears beginning to gather at the corners of his eyes and at the edges of his soul.
He knew he had reached the end. He simply was not going to make it any further without his wife and daughter. He had thought that spending every night in Catherine’s Volvo had been all he could take. Speaking to his beloved daughter while trapped in said Volvo was more than he could take. Miles knew he didn’t want to sleep again – ever. 
Unless it was the unknowing rest of oblivion.
“Looks like I am going to be booking that ticket to fly on Southwest Dare after all,” thought Miles with resolve. 
Miles knew as a scientist that he would never see Catherine or Ashley again. But at least he could have nothingness.
“I choose science and fact and reason,” thought Miles. “I choose to simply not exist anymore. I choose oblivion.”
To celebrate his decision, Miles downed the remainder of his Martini in rapid gulps and tossed his glass out into the desert. He then flicked the remainder of his still-glowing Brunes onto the concrete of the patio, grinding it out aggressively with a firm twist from the heel of his bare foot.
“No time like the present,” said Miles aloud as he looked out one last time upon the desert as it lay silently bathed in white moonlight.
“It looks like it’s been painted with truth,” thought Miles as he turned away to get dressed for his journey.
Miles found his favorite, now-dirt-caked riding jeans and pulled them on, then quickly dressed the rest of the way in whatever he happened to grab first. He suddenly felt filled with energy now that he had made the decision he knew had been there all along. It was a decision that had been waiting for him with open arms – and a black smile. It felt good to finally return the embrace.
Miles was starting to eagerly look forward to the sleep of nothingness that would soon be his. With his new-found energy, he flew through the task of getting dressed the rest of the way, making sure to grab some clean underwear as part of the process.
“Can’t meet my maker with skid marks in my shorts,” laughed Miles, cracking a sardonic grin as he felt another racket string give way.
Miles headed towards the driveway to load his Kawasaki into his new, bright-red Ford F-150 pickup. He noticed with no small amount of satisfaction that for the first time in months he actually had some vigor and liveliness in his step.
“Feeling old, tired, worn out? Lost that spring in your step? Try Dr. Miles Trebuchet’s tremendously effective new energy therapy – imminent death!” mused Miles as he practically skipped out to his truck.
Miles hummed happily to himself in the 4 a.m. chill as he loaded his dirt bike and a full can of gas into his pickup. Other than his Gauloises Brunes cigarettes and his usual Martini makings, Miles didn’t take anything else with him. He knew he wouldn’t need it.
Miles’ teeth flashed white with reflected moonlight as he smiled and thought about “The End of the World” that awaited him.
“To sleep, perchance to dream, Hamlet, Act III, Scene I” quoted Miles with a decidedly un-Shakespearian giggle.


Chapter 12

Miles sat on the tailgate of his pickup smoking another Gauloises Brunes cigarette. He had lost count, but he thought it might be his eighth of the morning already. He was practicing letting the thick Turkish smoke leak slowly from his mouth as he re-inhaled it through his nose, an exercise that created the illusion of smoke traversing his head in a continuous loop.
“A seductive, smoky French kiss,” thought Miles as he considered how much he really liked the way the intensely heated smoke made his nose hair crisp and crackle. It struck him that it was a minimalist form of self-destruction, one that portended much greater things to come.
Miles grinned somewhat maniacally and took another drag.
The 5 a.m. air was crisp, clean, clear and very still, as though the desert knew his intentions and was holding its breath, waiting to see whether or not he would really go through with his plans. In addition to the crisp morning air that seemed to have sufficient purity to clean even Brunes smoke from the lungs, the sky was just starting to glow pink with the promise of a truly incredible sunrise. The moon too was in on the act, painting the entire vista with a few last remnants of stark white truth.
It was all very beautiful.
“Beauty is for the deluded and the naive,” thought Miles as he sucked petulantly on his cigarette, blowing the smoke aggressively out his nose in protest of all things “beautiful.”
As an encore to his play “Desert Beauty Sucks,” Miles aggressively spat a few grains of stray tobacco from his filter-less Brunes onto the desert floor before him.
“Really milking the ‘woe is me’ attitude for all its worth aren’t we,” reprimanded Miles’ mind as he hung his head despondently in protest of both universal beauty and cosmic injustice.
Miles physically replied to his psyche by downing the rest of the Martini breakfast that was sitting next to him on the tailgate in a single gulp. He wasn’t about to start having conversations with himself that he knew could lead to introspection deep enough to perhaps stop him from doing what he had planned.
“What about the clinic? What about your work to cure some of the dread diseases that afflict all mankind? What about your responsibilities to millions of men, women and children?” chided Miles’ mind.
“They’ll have to manage without me,” muttered Miles.
Miles quickly shoved his flask into the back pocket of his grime-laden jeans, rolled a pack of Brunes into the sleeve of his black t-shirt, and mounted his Kawasaki. He was ready to go.
Miles kicked over the starter and the Kawasaki roared to life, its growls pushing back the desert quiet like a force field meant to frighten away all tranquility. Miles donned his still-dust-laden goggles and gunned the throttle a few times in order to warm up the bike. He planned to ride his Kawasaki very hard this day. He wanted it to be up to the challenge. Although incredibly filthy (Miles was pretty sure he had never washed the bike), the Kawasaki still purred perfectly with unmistakable power as Miles gunned the throttle, smoke pouring from both the Kawasaki’s tailpipe and his mouth as he chain-smoked another Brunes.
“Off we go then,” quipped Miles with almost no emotion. 
“Nothingness, here I come.”
The Kawasaki’s knobby tires threw up a giant rooster tail of dirt, sand and desert debris as Miles revved the throttle and dumped the clutch, launching him forward at break-neck speed toward his eventual destination out in the desert – the cliff he had dubbed “The End of the World.”
Miles raced and bounced along the desert floor, pushing the Kawasaki for all it was worth. Despite the mission he was on, he couldn’t help but grin a little around the Brunes that was clamped tightly between his lips. He genuinely enjoyed riding motorcycles fast. It seemed to fulfill a very human need. Miles laid the throttle full out and quick shifted from 4th to 5th gear, bringing the front wheel up temporarily with the power of the shift. Miles’ grin grew even larger.
“C’mon, let’s ride,” growled Miles as he blew past some scattered ground cover, spooking two jack rabbits who zigzagged a greeting before darting off in search of the desert’s version of carrots. 
At his current rate of speed, Miles knew it wouldn’t be long before he reached the cliff that represented “The End of the World.” He intended to take flight with his Kawasaki off the face of that cliff.
“One ticket to oblivion please,” thought Miles with a grin that was stained with more than just dark, Turkish tobacco.
Despite the optical illusion that masked the edge of the cliff from casual observers, Miles’ now-practiced eye could already see the beginning of the cliff in the distance. It was perhaps a couple of miles away at the most.
“Won’t be long now,” thought Miles as he smiled around the remainder of his French cigarette and began to hum.
He had been planning to stop and have one last drink of the magnificent Beefeater gin that he loved so much from his flask before he boarded his flight on Southwest Dare, but seeing the cliff so close just made him want to take flight immediately and end his suffering once and for all. “The End of The World” and its promise of nothingness seemed to reach out to him and pull him forward, urging him on, beckoning to him with the empty arms of oblivion.
“Wheeeeeeeeeeee!” cried Miles as he let the last of his Brunes drop from his mouth and shifted the Kawasaki into 6th gear, twisting the throttle on the bike almost past its stopping point. He knew he had to be bouncing along at better than 120 miles per hour. A dangerous speed on pavement, much less in the desert. He hoped he didn’t crash before he had a chance to take flight.
“Half a mile to go,” thought Miles, and grinned.
“Quarter mile to go,” thought Miles, his grin growing to clown-like proportions.
Miles could now see the edge of the cliff coming up fast.
“300 yards to go!” cheered Miles to the staid and solemn desert around him.
“This is it. The culmination of a rather pointless life,” thought Miles with glee as he held the throttle on his bike full open and listened to the Kawasaki’s motor tear through the solitude of the desert like a banshee.
“Here we go!”
And then he saw her. 
Even through his incredibly filthy goggles he couldn’t miss her. A pirate with a single eye afflicted with cataracts couldn’t have missed her. She actually seemed to be glowing with a white aura, her magnificent beauty and sheer presence putting even the desert morning to shame.
The little girl from the clinic who had “shot” him and whispered those now-frightful words “We Love You” into his ear was standing on the edge of the cliff directly in the path of his now-roaring Kawasaki – and she was waving. Miles could see she had the same little white flowers in her hair and she was wearing the same crazy “U Can Help Her” t-shirt his daughter had been wearing in his dream. Miles saw the little girl was smiling as she waved. She was as beautiful as ever. And she was directly in his path.
Miles felt like he was in shock, and before he knew it he was almost upon her. Forcing himself to snap out of his temporary stupor, Miles shifted gears as quickly as possible and clamped down hard on both the front and back brakes, trying desperately to maintain enough control of his bike to hopefully miss the little girl. He wanted to feel nothingness and oblivion, not an eternity of guilt for running down a beautiful little girl in the desert.
The Kawasaki screamed its disapproval – but, amazingly, obeyed his commands. The bike slid, bucked, and veered to the right, past the little girl and away from the face of the cliff. Miles was more than a little disappointed to see his vacation to oblivion slide by to his left, just out of reach. Miles’ eyes went wide with shock and wonder, however, as he watched the little girl blow him a kiss and smile lovingly as he flew by.
He turned to look ahead of him again just in time to see that he was heading for the edge of what looked to be a wide but fairly shallow ravine that ran perpendicular to the cliff face, an old stream bed perhaps that at one time had emptied into the chasm that was the “End of the World.” Natural reactions took over at this point and Miles leaned even harder on his brakes in order to try and stop before he went flying into the ravine. The cable to the front brake suddenly snapped under the pressure, however, and Miles pitched forward onto the handle bars with the release of tension. As Miles fell forward, his foot slipped off the back brake.
“Not good,” thought Miles with a kind of detached sense of wonder as his bike continued to race toward the gully.
Miles rocketed off the edge of the ravine next to the cliff, flying through the air almost 30 yards before slamming into the loose dirt and rocks on the other side.
The impact broke his right leg, dislocated his left elbow, and fractured three ribs as his Kawasaki tore a mortal wound in his side from which blood fountained and spilled as Miles tumbled with his bike down to the bottom of the wash. It was a truly gruesome sight as man and motorcycle crashed into each other, over and over and over again in a carnival dance of horror made worse by fountaining gouts blood that jetted forth with every roll.
Miles flinched as a geyser of crimson hit him partially in the face, and he watched in detached, likely shock-induced fascination as his blood splashed across several rocks in an interesting pattern.
“Now that’s ‘Extreme Art’,” thought Miles with a grimace and an involuntary cry of pain as he took a rather severe blow to the head from the Kawasaki’s handlebars.
The bike’s throttle had been frozen open by the force of the impact, and it now screamed like an injured animal that needed to be put out of its misery as it accompanied Miles to the bottom of the shallow ravine. As he came to rest at the bottom of the wash, the red-hot tailpipe landed directly on top of the gash in Miles’ side, cauterizing the open wound sufficiently so as to stop most of the bleeding. The bloody, wet flesh and red-hot tailpipe made a sickly sizzle as they came together and mated.
“Guh,” was the extent of the intellectual discourse Miles could manage as he heard the sizzling sound of frying meat and smelled the acrid stench of burning human flesh. As a doctor, it was a smell that Miles was somewhat familiar with. He had, after all, completed his residency in Boston as an Emergency Room physician. He was not used to the smell, however, when it was coming from him.
“That little girl is going to be the death of me,” thought Miles absently before he blacked out completely, the oblivion he had been seeking at least temporarily wrapping him in its black embrace.


Chapter 13

Miles stood in the midst of utter darkness. It wasn’t just black. It was uninterrupted, unadulterated, tarry night. 
It was blindness.
Miles tried to raise his hand to his face to see if he could make out his fingers in the thick, inky darkness, but ended up just bumping his nose. The blackness was all encompassing. It was complete.
“Where am I?” thought Miles, a twinge of panic starting to creep up his spine. 
He felt dizzy, nauseous, and unstable on his feet as small droplets of very cold sweat began to form on his brow. He recognized the sensation from his initial days as an ER doc in Boston.
He was scared.
“Fear is the mind-killer,” quoted Miles from one of his favorite movies. 
He had seen “Dune” at least 50 times and had most of the movie memorized. He had also read the book a dozen times or more.
“I must not fear,” continued Miles, quoting once again from his “Dune Dictionary.” 
Unfortunately, Miles’ mystic calls for courage never seemed to work as well for him as they did for his silver-screen heroes. Instead of retreating, the fear that was scrabbling at the edges of his psyche simply ignored his protestations and courageous declarations. And continued to crawl up his spine unabated.
Miles closed his eyes against the darkness and tried to focus.
The last thing he remembered was traveling at a high rate of speed, skidding along a razor’s edge at “The End of the World.” He had been on the brink of out-of-control disaster as he had desperately tried to maintain control of his bike in order to avoid running down the angelic little girl with the flowers in her hair.
“The ‘We Love You’ girl,” thought Miles, a strong scent of fresh flowers and very pink bubble gum suddenly filling his nostrils.
Had she really blown him a kiss as he had raced by?
He remembered vividly how he had shot to the right, along the edge of the massive cliff, until he had hit a slight rise leading up to the edge of a shallow ravine that emptied into The End of the World.
And then he had started to fly.
And now he was here, wherever “here” was, entombed in empty nothingness. The doctor and scientist in him reasoned that he was most likely unconscious in the desert somewhere and his current environs were the result of his body going into shock, his conscious mind collapsing in on itself on its way toward coma and eventual death. His eyes, however, told him a different story. His very-dilated pupils told him that he was trapped in utter darkness, it was seriously scary, and he needed to find a way out.
“Hello!?” tried Miles without much conviction.
He didn’t hold out much hope he would get a response, but he thought it was at least worth the old college try. Unfortunately, the ink-black womb that surrounded him seemed to just swallow all sound.
“Going to be difficult to get laughs doing stand up in here,” quipped Miles, reaching out to his sense of humor once more to try and beat back the panic and fear that continued to well up within him.
“Just a bit of light, please? Can someone send me some light?”
“God?”
Miles waited, the sound of his breath making no sound at all.
Nothing.
“Thanks,” spat Miles disgustedly as he closed his eyes again, trying once more to calm himself – despite his heart beating like a lopsided hamster wheel. 
He felt like he was mired in an ocean of blackest fear.
“Pretty please?” thought Miles involuntarily, opening his right eye ever so slightly to see if his plea had resulted in a lessening of the darkness.
Again, nothing.
Miles sighed.
“Ok, I think I know what I’m supposed to say, and I’m not going to, so there,” protested Miles, clamping his eyes completely shut once more in an act of petulant defiance.
Miles shivered. It was beginning to feel as though the blackness wasn’t just surrounding him, it was touching him, crawling all over his body with fingers of cold, inky tar.
“Fine!” shot Miles. “I’ll debase myself for no reason, to no avail.”
“Please God, forgive me for my lack of belief, my lack of faith, please help me see…”
“Happy now?” asked Miles angrily.
Miles thought he sensed something change, but didn’t want to open his eyes. He just wasn’t up to being disappointed again.
Miles waited and focused on his breathing – until he couldn’t stand it anymore.
Miles opened his eyes – and saw a star. It was just a pinprick of light out there amidst the all-consuming darkness, but it was still light. 
Blessed, wonderful light. 
Miles smiled gratefully and began to walk towards the promise of the light, becoming increasingly encouraged as his beacon of hope seemed to grow in both size and presence with each shaking step, with each uncertain stride…
But it was still so far away. Maybe he wasn’t getting any closer. Perhaps he was just imagining the light. Perhaps he wanted it so badly that his mind had simply conjured it up by blowing a fuse, the sparks from the blast dancing just behind his eyes so as to create the illusion of light. Maybe it was going to disappear, leaving him mired in utter darkness and despair once more.
Miles walked faster.
The light suddenly began to flicker, becoming first stronger, then weaker, then threatening to go out completely.
“Like a candle afflicted by a black wind…”
Miles ran, sprinting as fast as he could. Sweat stood out on his brow, and his heart beat its painful disapproval of his current exercise regimen as he pushed himself past his limits to reach the promise of the light. At this point, he didn’t really care if his heart exploded. Adrenaline-driven panic was beginning to set in, and like a frightened animal he was willing to do anything to escape his predicament, anything for safety. 
As Miles ran, the almost-palpable blackness began to get thicker, began to press in on him until it felt like he could no longer breathe.
“I’m suffocating,” thought Miles, his sprint becoming a staggered trot, his lungs laboring to draw sufficient breath from the liquid blackness that surrounded and pressed in on him.
Miles stumbled on, the light beginning to grow larger. Now the size of large door, he could see the silhouette of someone standing in the midst of the light. It was a young girl, an angelic little girl with an endearing smile and the most beautiful blonde hair he had ever seen.
It was his daughter.
“Ashley!” gasped Miles desperately as he collapsed to his knees before her.
“Hi Daddy!” sang Ashley, doing a slight twirl so that the oversize t-shirt she was wearing flew about her in a swirl. Miles noticed the crimson letters on the shirt now spelled out “She Needs U.”
Ashley reached out to Miles and gently lifted him to his feet, embracing him tenderly before pulling him fully into the light.
“Thank you treasured daughter,” panted Miles breathlessly.
Miles didn’t think he had ever been happier to see his daughter as he sucked in a huge breath of pure, sweet air, a breath devoid of darkness. The air smelled of grass, and flowers – and life. And something else. It was a scent he found vaguely familiar. Almost like a new car with just hint of his wife’s perfume…
He was back in the Volvo.
“Not again,” sighed Miles with fresh despondency as he closed his eyes tightly for a moment to see if he could perhaps just make it all go away. When he opened them again he was dumbstruck to find Ashley sitting next to him in the Volvo’s passenger seat.
“Ready to go Daddy?” chimed his daughter enthusiastically, flashing another of her world-ending smiles. Her demeanor suggested it was the height of normalcy to have pulled him from the soul-crushing darkness and to now be sitting in the midst of idyllic beauty – in the Volvo that had recently born witness to the demise of both herself and her mother.
Miles tried not to answer her. She wasn’t real, she couldn’t be, and he didn’t want to get into the habit of striking up conversations with figments of his imagination.
“I’m not that crazy, at least not yet,” whispered Miles to himself.
Ashley pouted famously at his unwillingness to talk to her.
Miles took one look at his daughter’s face and knew he had already lost the battle. She looked just like her mother, and he had always been a sucker for that pout.
“Hi Ash?” ventured Miles.
“Daddy!” exclaimed Ashley as she threw her arms once more around her father, giving him a gargantuan hug of adoring affection and nuzzling her head up into his neck. Miles took his daughter in his arms and hugged her back, tears welling up in his eyes as he did so. She still had little yellow-and-white flowers in her hair, undoubtedly gathered from the idyllic country setting that surrounded them, and Miles could smell the delicate fragrance of the flowers as Ashley hugged him tightly. He didn’t care if she was imaginary. He loved her regardless.
“We have to go Daddy,” said Ashley somewhat seriously as she broke the embrace and settled herself in the passenger seat.
“Um, go where, dear?” asked Miles, noticing for the first time as he glanced out the front windshield that the Volvo now sat on a small country road which wound rather whimsically through the rolling hills that formed the landscape.
He also noticed his seat belt was no longer engaged and there were keys dangling from the Volvo’s ignition. Miles, becoming increasingly perplexed and frustrated by his current situation, opened the driver’s side door and began pacing slowly around the Volvo, circling the car while muttering to himself about pie plates.
“Daddy?” asked Ashley, clearly puzzled as to why her father was acting so strangely. “We need to go – now.”
“Ashley, can you tell me what is going on?” asked Miles impatiently, becoming exasperated with the seeming lack of control he had lately over not only the current situation, but his life in general.
“You will see when we get there Daddy,” chided Ashley in her “you are being so silly” voice.
“But where are we going!?” tried Miles again.
“And what is this place?” asked Miles in an almost pleading tone as he spun in a circle and gestured at the idyllic beauty that surrounded them.
“And where is your mother?!” sputtered Miles as it suddenly struck him as strange that Ashley should be alone all the time, that he hadn’t seen Catherine with her at all. In “real life” they had been practically inseparable. Ashley simply smiled and ran her fingers underneath the crimson letters on her t-shirt.
“She Needs U,” spelled Ashley silently, then smiled a little forlornly.
Miles knew he wasn’t going to get anywhere by demanding answers. He had plenty of previous experience in trying to win these types of “arguments” with Ashley. If she wanted to “go,” then that is exactly what they would do. Without a word he got back into the Volvo and fired up the engine. He gave the car some gas to see how far gone it was after spending who knew how much time outdoors in a country field and was surprised to find the engine revved smoothly. 
The car ran perfectly.
“Follow the yellow brick road,” thought Miles, trying not to let the incredible craziness of the situation overwhelm him and potentially ruin the time he was getting to spend with his daughter. 
Miles gathered his faculties and smiled over at his daughter as he eased the Volvo forward. He had no idea where they were going, and he was frustrated, but he was still incredibly happy to just go for a ride in a convertible with his daughter – even if she wasn’t real. And he was immeasurably grateful to be out of the blackness.
“Maybe I’m not real anymore either,” thought Miles as he began cruising down the country road that meandered through rolling green hills of sweet-smelling grass. 
“Maybe I never was.”
They drove together for a while, just enjoying the moment and each other’s company, neither one saying a word. Miles realized his feet were no longer itching as they had previously every time he had spent time in Catherine’s Volvo. Instead, his toes tingled with a new, rather pleasant sensation. Miles thought it felt like the beginning of something akin to happiness creeping into his body.
“Up ahead, Daddy,” said Ashley suddenly, pointing to a bend in the road that ran around a low hill. “You will want to speed up a bit. Oh, and fasten your seat belt please.”
Miles glanced over at his daughter a bit warily, almost afraid to ask any questions given the rather ominous instructions she had just given. Miles buckled up as requested, enjoying the feeling of being able to voluntarily engage or disengage the seatbelt as he brought the Volvo up to around 50 miles per hour.
Amazement didn’t do justice to what Miles felt as came around the wide bend in the road. From his raised vantage point high up the side of one of the hills, Miles could see that just ahead the road took off straight as an arrow at an extreme angle of descent, a downhill trajectory that would likely have made even the bravest of skiers at least a bit apprehensive. 
The road shot almost straight down before flattening out again, running all the way to the horizon far below them. It looked to Miles like an almost impossible – perhaps even impassible – grade. Even stranger, far off in the distance, where the road met the horizon, there appeared to be a wall of gray mist that reached gigantically from east to west, from ground to sky. Miles looked upward and could make out no end to the translucent “wall” as it towered into the heavens. It seemed to reach upward and outward in all directions without end, and the road they were on seemed to dead end right in the middle of it.
“Faster Daddy!” urged Ashley as they approach the top of the incredibly steep hill.
Miles wasn’t too sure about the wisdom of that idea, but since none of it was real anyway, he obliged his daughter and gunned the accelerator on the Volvo.
“Wheeeeee!” cried Ashley aloud as they shot down the now-very-steep country road at what felt like Volvo warp speed.
The experience instantly reminded Miles of playing with Hot Wheels as a boy, except now he was a passenger in one of the cars.
Miles could only shake his head in amazement as he glanced over at his daughter. She had thrown her hands up over head as though she were on some sort of roller-coaster ride in an amusement park. Miles blinked in amazed wonder and tried to join in his daughter’s youthful enthusiasm. He found it difficult, though, given their current rate of speed to achieve much more than a grim smirk, and there was almost no chance he was going to be able to unglue his currently white-knuckled fingers from the steering wheel in order to raise his arms into the air.
As they neared the colossal curtain of grey mist, Miles could see that the wall seemed to sparkle with what looked like sunlight dancing across the faces of billions of multi-faceted little crystals. It looked as though there were enough stars to fill all the heavens sparkling inside the misty curtain. Miles eased up on the accelerator a bit, unsure about the wisdom of slamming into the middle of the sparkling wall at a high rate of speed.
“No Daddy!” cried Ashley with alarm as she shot her leg over to Miles’ side of the Volvo and stomped down hard on top of his foot in order to clamp the accelerator to the floor. 
Miles closed his eyes and repeated the word “not real” over and over in his mind as the Volvo hurtled forward to make contact with the glittering barrier. Miles thought he heard faint voices all around him for a moment – perhaps millions or even billions of them, then things went silent and he felt only slightly cold, and a little dizzy.
Miles opened his eyes – and stopped breathing.
The Volvo was hurtling through open space, all the glories of the heavens surrounding them in the form of incredible galaxies that looked like magically spinning wheels of miraculous, fiery color. The scene was nothing short of awe inspiring, a display of truly epic beauty that seemed to touch a place inside of Miles that had previously been inaccessible.
“A little too much spinning, though,” thought Miles as his stomach rolled in close coordination with the Volvo, which seemed to have adopted Ashley’s enthusiasm for amusement-park rides as it now seemed to be doing its best to pretend to be a roller-coaster car. Despite the epic beauty that surrounded him, Miles was beginning to feel more than a bit nauseous from all the chaotic motion. He felt like was back on the sickening “Nordic Bobs” from his youth.
“Wheeeeee!” cheered Ashley as she laughed and began to wave her arms above her head.
“Oooohhhh,” groaned Miles as his stomach continued trying to mimic the current twirling motions of the Volvo.
“Almost there Daddy,” chimed Ashley cheerily as she looked over at her father lovingly, continuing to keep her arms raised above her head while giggling with unabashed enthusiasm for the “ride.”
The Volvo began to slow its looping rotations, something for which Miles was extremely grateful. As the car steadied, Miles could see another glittering, grey-mist curtain in the distance, this time cutting through their current galactic environment. It spread out again in all directions, as far as the eye could see.
Miles took one last look around at the multi-colored galaxies that glowed in the blackness of space around him, considering various forms of sculpture that might be able to do justice to such majesty and grandeur.
It occurred to Miles suddenly how odd it was that he and Ashley should be hurtling through intergalactic space in a convertible Volvo without any space suits, sans any oxygen or bodily protection of any kind.
“Just more evidence that none of this is real and is just a creation of what’s left of my conscious mind as I fall into a coma somewhere out in the Arizona desert,” concluded Miles as he took a moment to analyze the situation through the scientific lens with which he had been trained to view the world.
Miles had little time to gird himself mentally before the second sparkling grey wall was upon them, and Miles once again thought he heard millions of distant, murmuring voices as they sped through the curtain.
“We’re here!” chimed Ashley enthusiastically as Miles realized that the Volvo had suddenly stopped. 
They had apparently “arrived.”
Miles stared in complete amazement at the scene which now surrounded them. The Volvo sat on what appeared to be a calm see of crystal-clear glass. The glass stretched in all directions as far as Miles could see, and there was nothing on it. No hills, no mountains, no grass, no flowers, no trees - just endlessly flat, sparkling glass that was as smooth as a newborn baby’s skin.
“It might not be real, but this dream sure is cool,” thought Miles.
And then he saw the tower.
“What in the world is that!?” exclaimed Miles, awestruck at the sheer enormity of the structure.
Off to his left, a short distance away, a colossal, column-like structure towered into the sky. The tower sat on a relatively small base and then expanded upward and outward as it literally rose up into the heavens. Miles thought it had to be at least 5 miles high and a mile wide before it disappeared into the steel-gray sky above. It was the most enormous, colossal piece of architecture that Miles had ever seen. It looked to Miles like a mad architect had combined the Roman Coliseum with the most gigantic ice-cream cone ever made. The structure was also an architectural impossibility. The ice-cream-cone shape of the tower meant the base was much narrower and smaller than was the eventual top of the tower. Unless there was some sort of gigantic cradle or sling up in the heavens securing it and keeping it upright, the entire thing should have come crashing down upon itself. 
“Who could make something like that?” thought Miles with utter astonishment. He wasn’t sure had he set his mind to it that he could have even dreamed up such a thing.
“Time to go!” announced Ashley excitedly as she unbuckled herself and practically leapt from the vehicle.
Surprising himself with a sudden display of agility, Miles too exited the vehicle quickly in order to catch up with his daughter before she had a chance to get too far away. Miles glanced down at the glass beneath his feet as he hurried after his daughter. It was clear and sparkling and it seemingly went down forever, reflecting upon itself in an endless array of crystalline beauty.
“What just happened Ash?” asked Miles as he caught up to his daughter and gently grasped her hand to keep her with him.
“We went through and now we’re here,” replied Ashley with an obvious look of concern for her father’s denseness.
“Ash, honey, please, a little more info?”
“In my Father’s house are many mansions,” quoted Ashley with a smile. “And this is one of them. And you can move between them sometimes – if you have permission and you know the way.”
Miles couldn’t believe his eyes as his daughter winked knowingly at him. He didn’t think he had ever seen her wink before. He wasn’t sure he liked it very much. That wink felt almost too wise, too full of understanding about the “adult world” for an 11-year-old girl to possess it.
Miles wasn’t sure Ashley’s answer was entirely satisfactory, either. But before he had a chance to ask any more questions, Ashley had pulled away from him and was once more skipping excitedly towards the entrance to the tower.
As he followed his daughter and neared the structure, Miles thought he heard a familiar murmur emanating from the structure. A few more steps and he was able to make the sound out clearly. It sounded like softly singing voices, chanting voices.
“We ... Love ... You…”
“We… Love… You…”
“We… Love… You…”
“Oh no,” thought Miles.
He knew that sound, those words. He wasn’t entirely sure he wanted to go into the colossal tower anymore.
Ashley, now large arched doorway, put her hands on her junior-high hips and gestured impatiently for Miles to follow. 
Miles shook his head in unplanned defiance.
“Daddy!” pouted Ashley in mock frustration.
“That pout will be the end of me someday,” thought Miles as he hung his head and dutifully followed his daughter into the tower.
Miles didn’t think it could have been possible, but the inside of the structure was even more impressive and incredible than the outside. It really did appear as though he and Ashley stood at the bottom of a colossal ice-cream cone. How an ice-cream cone whose base was a thousandth the circumference of its towering top could even stand was beyond Miles, and he stared in awe as he gazed upward, marveling at the sheer enormity of the structure.
Miles’ vision was aided by some sort of brilliant, natural light akin to sunlight that filtered downward from the top of the cone and illuminated the interior of the tower with a soft, radiant glow. Miles noticed as his eyes adjusted to the soft light around them that circling up into what seemed to be infinity, were row upon row of seats. He was thunderstruck as he saw that all the seats were filled with row upon row of smiling, laughing, playing babies.
“There must be literally millions of them,” whispered Miles as he stared in awe at the incredible scene that surrounded and rose into the heavens above him.
“We ... Love ... You!” came the unbelievably deafening roar from the “crowd.” Miles noticed Ashley was smiling gigantically while waving in greeting to all of the cherubic members of the assembly.
“Friends of yours, Ash?” asked Miles, trying a tentative wave himself as he moved just a little closer to his daughter, seeking a bit of comfort in her emotional shadow.
“We ... Love ... You!” called the cherubic infants again. Miles thought the sound wasn’t just loud, it was gigantic, colossal, deafening. The acoustics of the tower amplifying the power of the sound to truly mountainous proportions.
It sounded to Miles as though the pounding surf of a thousand oceans were rolling through the tower on a journey from top to bottom as the babies sang out their cries of affection, the colossal booming sound eventually crashing downward upon the lighted dais upon which he and Ashley stood.
“We ... Love ... You!” cried out the babies again with joy.  
“Ash, honey, what is going on?” ventured Miles tentatively as he stood close to his daughter, the thunderous noise beginning to at least temporarily subside.
Ashley just smiled and swept her hand upward as though she were a model on the “Price is Right” showing off a new car.
“Dr. Miles Trebuchet, come on down!” thought Miles as he followed the direction of Ashley’s Price-is-Right “wave.”
Miles noticed that particles of light seemed to be gathering and coalescing in the middle of the tower as a hush fell over the “crowd.”  The particles seemed to collect and swirl, at first chaotically and then seemingly with a pattern. Miles couldn’t help from smiling as the quiet that now permeated the assembled throngs was occasionally punctuated by the normal squeals of delight and joyful laughter to which babies are generally prone. 
“A picture, like a TV screen,” thought Miles with interest as a huge image began to form in the softly glowing air of the tower. It looked to Miles like a colossal three-dimensional movie screen was being created in mid-air, and Miles could now see as the light particles continued to coalesce that there was a picture of a baby in its mother’s womb on the screen.
“A little girl,” whispered Miles as the doctor in him immediately recognized the sex of the infant.
In less than an instant Miles merged with the little girl. He suddenly seemed to not only be inside the screen with the little baby girl, he seemed to be a part of her, his very essence co-mingled with hers. He could feel her as though he was her. He could not only see her from the outside as a kind of 3rd-party observer, he also knew her every thought and could feel every physical sensation, every emotion. Miles was fascinated that he could see through the little girl’s eyes as though he had actually physically merged with her somehow, yet at the same time retained his own consciousness. And even more powerfully, he could hear not only the thoughts and feel the emotions of the little girl, but also of her mother and everyone who interacted with them. Miles not only saw everything, he knew everything. Seemingly in an instant he saw and felt the entire life of the baby girl as she loved, laughed, cried and experienced all life had to offer.
“She was a singer,” thought Miles as the little girl’s beautiful voice resonated in his mind.
 His heart sank, however, as he saw that the little girl’s life had never unfolded.  She had never graced the world with her beauty or changed lives with her voice as intended. The beautiful little girl with the angelic voice had never made it out of the womb.
She had been aborted.
Miles was there with the little girl to feel the pain of the procedure, and he was with her mother years later to see her tears and feel her pangs of regret about the life of promise that she had agreed to end. Miles understood viscerally how both mother and daughter’s lives had been tragically and prematurely interrupted, how they had never been allowed to fully blossom into the stunning bouquet of life that had been intended for both of them.
And then the mid-air screen began to flicker and change rapidly as the life of child after child began to fly across the screen.
“An artist,” breathed Miles. “A doctor, a writer, an astronaut, an explorer, a nurse, a mother, a farmer, an athlete, a saint...”
On and on the cavalcade of life went, and Miles was there with them all, co-existing with them in an instant that lasted the entirety of their unrealized lives. He saw every accomplishment, experienced every love, lived every hope and dream, and tasted every tear. And then, at the end, he was with each of them at that moment in which their real lives had ended – before they had been afforded a chance to truly begin.
Miles didn’t just see the unrealized promise for all mankind that had been lost, he felt it. He felt it in every cell of his body, in every fiber of his being. All the music, the art, the medicine, the education, the science, the love – all lost.
Miles suddenly saw the kind of world for which he thought he had been working all his life in that unrealized promise. He was struck with an immense sense of visceral regret as he considered how his actions might have actually done far more harm than good. The irony was excruciating, almost unbearable as Miles saw that in helping others on his own terms, he had really only been interested in helping himself. His focus had been completely self-centered. What felt like liquid wisdom suddenly seemed to pour into the very essence of his being as Miles saw how it had always been very much about him curing disease and helping women, not about the welfare and well-being of those he was ostensibly helping.
“Nicely done,” thought Miles as a sense of utter shame came over him, his self-examination making him feel as if he were being cut wide open, right down to the deepest bones that made up the core of his being.
“We ... Love ... You!” cried the cherubic assembly once more, the wave of sound circling around and around the tower until it finally came crashing down upon the dais where Miles stood with his daughter.
“Thank you, but I’m not sure I deserve that,” thought Miles as the lives continued to flow in and around and through him.
Miles saw that where life was involved, it must be given every opportunity to live out its full potential, even when it seemed like it had no chance to survive or be happy. It was clear that some of the lives with the least amount of promise in the beginning ended up with the most to offer in the end, and held the most promise and benefit for all mankind. 
He had simply been arrogant – and blind. If he had simply had the insight to let things unfold as the universe had intended, mankind would have been so much better off and would have achieved so much more than it had with his self-aggrandizing meddling. Miles realized that had he done nothing, the world would actually have been closer to the type of place that he had always dreamed of and had worked so diligently to achieve.
“There is some galactic irony for you,” thought Miles as he realized how incredibly backwards his idea to “help” women and utilize the products of that tragedy for “good” had been.
“I think the world might actually have been better off if I had drank beer and watched wrestling all day instead of trying to save the world on my own terms,” thought Miles with more than a little despair, tears beginning to flow freely from his eyes, his heart filling with anguish and regret. It was an emotionally crippling realization for Miles. He had always been so certain that he was some kind of noble saint, devoting his life to others, sacrificing himself completely for the sake of his fellow man.
Miles recognized with perfect clarity how he hadn’t done potential mothers any favors either as he also saw and felt the pain they had inevitably endured as a result of his actions. They all suffered grievously as the emotional and psychological pain eventually, inevitably materialized for them in the course of time. Sometimes it was years, sometimes it didn’t take very long at all, but in the end every mother who underwent a “choice procedure” also suffered greatly in her life as a result. Guilt. Regret. Sorrow. They had all been made available to his patients courtesy of his actions.
Miles hung his head in shame, realizing with simple clarity that his actions had been far from noble. He should have helped his patients along a more satisfying path – one that would have genuinely benefited their children, themselves, and the entire world, a path that would have upheld the intended promise of the life that was growing within them.
“I have been an enabler for weakness, and I have been a coward,” thought Miles with despair as a sense of incredible guilt washed over him. “I had the opportunity to truly help women in their most dire hour of need, and I failed them.”
Miles wanted to literally cut himself open and rip all weakness from his body and mind so that he might truly be able to finally serve others selflessly. He understood implicitly how his own fears, weakness and arrogance had led him away from true wisdom and understanding, away from the righteous path of genuine nobility and honor, down the road of self-aggrandizement and ego.
“Stop, please stop,” begged Miles as he broke away from Ashley and fell to his knees sobbing, completely overcome by the emotions that continued to flood into him with incredible speed and fury from all the lives he was vicariously leading. He felt as though his soul was being cut to pieces by a thousand double-edged swords – one edge for anguish, one for regret.
And then mercifully, it ended, the “screen” floating in the air disintegrating into a mixture of glowing light particles that faded slowly into the background as they blew apart with a whispered breeze.
Miles felt his body shake and his knees wobble precariously as he crashed back into himself completely.
“We ... Love ... You...” came the rhythmic chant from the angelic cherubs who surrounded him.
“I don’t deserve your love,” replied Miles, his tears wet on his face and salty in his mouth as he once again bowed his head.
Ashley reached out and grasped her father’s hand gently in her own. 
“I only wanted to help people,” whispered Miles.
“It’s that little word ‘I’ that usually gets people and the larger world in trouble,” replied Ashley, demonstrating again a wisdom that Miles found utterly amazing and well beyond her years.
“Why doesn’t he just end it Ashley? Why doesn’t he just fix it? If there is an all-powerful God, why doesn’t he just put an end to all of the pain and suffering in the world?” asked Miles. “Why doesn’t he help us?”
“Free will,” replied Ashley matter-of-factly. “The universe is founded on the concept of free will, daddy. Without free will, there could be no true love of each other – or of our Father. There would merely be insincere, robotic devotion. Like any parent, our Father wants his children to love him, but forcing them to do so makes love an empty and meaningless experience.”
“To put it in scientific terms, Daddy,” continued Ashley, “think of the universe as a gigantic experiment concerning the very concept of love and what love means. Free will is what allows the experiment to have any meaning and validity, it is the catalytic agent in the process.”
“And he does help us,” continued Ashley. “But he can’t force his help or himself on any of us or it would violate the rules of free will. People must choose his help, and his love, of their own volition.”
“But all these destroyed lives, and the plan for the universe being repeatedly thwarted by our actions…” replied Miles.
Ashley giggled, implying in a way that only a pre-teen girl can that Miles was being rather silly.
“You are thinking in human terms about life, death and our Father’s plans for the universe, Daddy,” explained Ashley. “Things can sometimes be delayed, but the underlying meaning and intent of God’s will can never really be thwarted.”
“Isn’t he angry with us for messing up our lives and his plans?” asked Miles as he looked upon his daughter, his eyes beseeching her for answers.
“If we are parents and our children take the wrong path, do we hate them? Or do we try to help them alter their thinking and behavior so that they can take the correct path, the path we know as parents will bring them the most happiness?” explained Ashley. “Remember Daddy, the Creator of this experiment in love is just like us. We are made in his physical, spiritual, and emotional image.”
“When did you get to be so smart Ashley,” asked Miles as he gazed in renewed wonder at his beloved daughter.
Ashley giggled lightly once more, her laughter dancing off the softly lighted recesses of the tower like glinting echoes of joy.
“When I got really close to God,” answered Ashley simply with a knowing smile.
“We ... 
“Love ... 
“You!” 
“We …”
“Love …”
“You …”
“We … Love … You …!” sang the cherubic assembly again as the resonance of the sound inside the tower began to grow again, once more approaching deafening levels.
“I know you are a good man who wants to help others, daddy, and they know too,” said Ashley as she gestured to the thousands upon thousands of babies in the tower who continued their rhythmic chant of affection. “You are also part of the plan.”
“What plan? Why am I here, Ashley?” asked Miles in a hurried voice as he looked at his daughter, his tearful, beseeching eyes pleading for a sensible answer, something concrete that the scientist in him could latch onto with certainty.
“You have a mission Daddy, an important one,” replied Ashley and she pointed again to the crimson letters on her too-large white t-shirt. “She Needs U.”
“Who needs me?” asked Miles.
“They do,” replied Ashley as she once again swept her arm outward, gesturing grandly towards the cherubic assembly.
“But they are already gone,” said Miles, assuming that the infants around him represented the lives that he had “co-lived” during the presentation earlier on the golden, glowing screen.
“How can I possibly help them if they are already gone?” asked Miles.
“Daddy, the beautiful babies who surround us, blessing us with their joy and laughter, aren’t already gone. They are yet to be, and you can help them to be.”
“We ... Love ... You!!!,” came the colossal wave of sound as it swept around the inside of the tower and crashed onto the dais upon which Ashley stood and Miles now knelt.
“And there is one other who needs your help as well,” stated Ashley solemnly as she lifted her father’s face to hers until she was staring directly into his eyes. “Someone that I want you to help as much as I want you to help every beautiful baby in this tower.”
“Who?” asked Miles, and then caught his breath as the certainty of the answer to his own question slammed into him with the force of a tidal wave.
“Catherine,” whispered Miles, casting his gaze downward towards the shining black floor upon which he was kneeling. The jagged white streaks that wound through the granite in the floor looked to Miles like lightning strikes that had been captured in stone.
Miles looked up at his daughter, his eyes pleading.
“Where is she Ashley?” 
Miles could hear the hesitancy in his voice, as though he was somewhat unsure if he really wanted to hear the answer.
Ashley cast her gaze downward. It was her turn now to look solemn.
“She is ... elsewhere,” answered Ashley somewhat sadly, still looking at the floor, refusing to meet her father’s gaze.
“What does that mean Ashley!?” replied Miles as he rose from the floor, anger suddenly flaring within him.
“We ... Love ... You!!!,” came the crashing wave of sound again.
“I love you too,” thought Miles. “But right now I need some answers about my wife.”
Miles could sense Ashley’s hesitancy in saying anything further.
“Ashley?”
“I don’t know how to explain it, Daddy. Remember how I said earlier that this house has many rooms?” explained Ashley, now forcefully returning her father’s gaze. “Well, some of them are hidden, isolated, and cannot be easily reached. Mother is in one of those rooms.”
Miles could feel his ire really building now, not with his beloved Ashley but with the craziness of the situation in general and the fact that clear, concrete answers weren’t exactly rapidly forthcoming.
“I don’t understand,” said Miles as softly as he could, trying to control the rage that was bubbling inside of him as he thought about his beloved Catherine being “elsewhere.” That certainly didn’t sound like a place he wanted the most beautiful, wonderful woman he had ever known to be.
“You can help her Daddy,” pleaded Ashley. “You can intercede on her behalf and and help her.”
“Are you saying that I can help your mother, my best friend and beloved wife, but only if I do whatever it is that is expected of me?” asked Miles, speaking very slowly and carefully with a cautious tone that implied emotional danger.
Ashley nodded gently, her beautiful blond hair falling around her face.
Miles felt his mind reel as he watched a single white flower fall from Ashley’s hair, spiraling down to land gently on the hard, black marble floor.
“That is crazy Ashley!” stormed Miles.
“Is this some sort of sick game created by some demented, petulant child!? What kind of rules are these?!” raged Miles, now genuinely angry that his beloved wife should be treated in such a manner.
“They are your rules, designed especially for you, by you and God together, for the good of you, and the well-being of all,” replied Ashley as she stared directly back at her father with a slightly accusatory look in her jade-green eyes.
“She certainly has her mother’s eyes,” thought Miles with affection despite the anger that continued to course through him.
“We ... Love ... You!!!,” came the crashing cheer from the singing babies.
Miles ignored them.
“Am I a puppy of some kind to be rewarded with treats if I do the right thing? To be punished if I don’t?” sputtered Miles as he tried to block out the singing infants that surrounded him. He didn’t want any further aural interruptions of his diatribe.
“Doesn’t every parent reward their children and punish them as necessary in order to raise them appropriately?” replied Ashley, now staring unblinkingly into her father’s eyes. “Trials are handed out to help guide us along the path that our Father knows will bring us the most happiness and love in our lives, and perhaps, if we’re really blessed, the most reward.”
“I don’t think any of it makes a whit of sense,” spat Miles bitterly.
“There is that ‘I’ word again,” replied Ashley calmly. “You say you don’t understand ‘any of this’, yet how can you expect to understand your Father’s plan for you without knowing or speaking to Him?”
“What am I supposed to do, read the Bible every day? It’s incomprehensible gibberish, a set of tired old stories and fairy tales that simply don’t apply to the modern world,” replied Miles with disdain.
Ashley smiled knowingly, patiently, wisely.
Miles didn’t appreciate it one little bit.
“Daddy, the Bible is God’s inspired word, written by those imbued with his Holy Spirit,” replied Ashley patiently. “The secrets of the universe lie within those pages, for it is within God’s Word that our hearts and minds and eyes can be truly opened, where we can discover the immaculate truth and wisdom of the divine. Reading God’s Bible is the best way there is to start the process of communicating and communing with our Father. God’s own son, his word become flesh – Jesus, the Christ, the embodiment of God’s spirit in the physical world – sets the best example.”
“Here comes the ‘Jesus speech’,” murmured Miles as he cast his eyes downward and shuffled his feet uncomfortably. “Somehow it always seems to circle back around to Jesus...”
Ashley smiled knowingly and continued on as though she hadn’t noticed the half-hearted parry.
“When Jesus was baptized in the Jordan by John the Baptist and the Holy Spirit came upon him, the first thing he did was go out to the desert to commune with the spirit of God in order to discern and divine his own earthly mission. That should tell us something about the importance of communicating earnestly and fervently with our Father. If it was number one on Jesus’ list, perhaps it shouldn’t be last on ours.”
Miles found himself forced to pause his rage, once again impressed with the incredible wisdom his daughter now possessed.
“Such wisdom, such grace,” thought Miles as he looked at his daughter cautiously but with overwhelming love and affection, his heart beating in his chest as though it were straining against now-rusty chains that had held it in bondage for far too long.
“Prayerful meditation, talking to our Father every day, is something we all crave in our spirits, regardless of whether or not we recognize it consciously,” continued Ashley. “But reaching our Father, the creator of the universe, can be difficult. It takes diligence and commitment. It takes fervent prayer. And perhaps hardest for many people, it takes Jesus.”
“Our Father exists primarily on a spiritual plane. We must spend time with him on that level if we are to truly understand his teachings and will for our lives. But we can’t reach him without Christ. Jesus is our ‘spiritual translator’, our bridge. He enables us to reach God and communicate with him effectively. Anyone who approaches God without Jesus cannot understand his will. They simply won’t be able to understand because they won’t be speaking the right dialect. God promises us that he will never turn away anyone who wishes to earnestly speak with him. But as the Creator of the universe, he also has rules, rules by which he expects us to abide. If we open ourselves to God and obey him faithfully, he will not only communicate with us, he will steadfastly lead us along all the various paths he has chosen for us and will help us discover all of the roads that are right and good for us. These are the narrow paths Jesus refers to that lead to real love and true reward.”
Miles found himself shuffling his feet again as he tried unsuccessfully to break the spell of Ashley’s compelling monologue.
“How does a child learn from and understand her father?” asked Ashley as she took Miles’ hands in her own. “She spends time with him. The words and will of our Father will always be out of reach and incomprehensible if we do not spend time with him and are thus not close to him. We need to place Jesus Christ in our hearts and commune with our Father – diligently and with great fervor – if we are to reach him on his spiritual plane, if we are to know his true will for our lives.”
“We ... Love ... You!!!” came the crashing wave of sound as it made its way around the tower once again, the babies squealing with cherubic delight every time they completed a “round” in their game.
“But Ash,” reasoned Miles, the scientist in him grasping at his years of training and education as he once again tried to mentally block out the peals of delight and laughter that surrounded him.
“Even God’s own ‘Son’, the supposed ‘Christ’, gave up on God in the end as he died on the cross. It says so in the Bible, even I know that. At the end, as Jesus is dying on the Cross, God’s own Holy Book proclaims that Jesus said ‘Father, why have you forsaken me?’” paraphrased Miles from a portion of the Bible that he remembered from his limited studies. It was a section of the Bible he had always found particularly poignant as it seemed to clearly demonstrate that even Jesus didn’t believe in God in the end when it was all on the line and things mattered most. To Miles, it was perfectly clear. Even God’s own son abandoned his belief in the end, crying out to the heavens in a crisis of faith as he died.
“If God’s own ‘Son’ doubted his existence in the end, who am I to argue with him?” asked Miles of Ashley, a rather smug look of satisfaction crossing his face as he let go of his daughter’s hands and folded his arms in front of himself.
It was a question Miles thought completely invalidated the whole “Jesus was the Son of God” thing. He had asked the same question of many religious people through the years. Never, in his esteemed opinion, had he ever received a satisfactory answer as to why Jesus would be crying out at the end of his life about God, his own supposed father, forsaking him.
“Daddy,” stated Ashley flatly. “That is a very easy question to answer, but it is an answer you must find for yourself in order for it to have any meaning. Just remember for now that the Christ, God’s ‘Word’, has always been a messenger and embodiment for our creator’s universal message of ‘We Love You’, and that is the message our Father wishes to communicate to us in everything.”
Miles sighed. He knew he was never going to win this argument, and he didn’t want to be angry or argue with his daughter in any way. He was far too happy to just be able to see her and be with her.
“Ok Ash, you win,” said Miles, unable to keep himself from dripping a little sarcasm onto his words. “I know that none of this is real anyway, so you win. I am willing to do whatever it takes to help all these babies and Catherine.”
Ashley just smiled, a hint of wisdom briefly crinkling the corners of her eyes.
Miles thought maybe he liked that particular smile even less than his daughter’s earlier wink.
“How will I know what to do?” asked Miles, playing along for his daughter’s sake.
He was confident that none of what was happening could be real anyway. His physical mind was simply folding in on itself as it died in the desert, creating the entire panorama simply to ease any pain and suffering he might be undergoing on his journey toward death and eventual nothingness.
“The more you are in tune with the source, with our Father, the more it will be as though scales that clouded your vision have dropped from your eyes. You will be able to see your Father’s will for you with complete clarity,” replied Ashley with enthusiasm. “Small everyday occurrences that most people never notice, or chalk up to coincidence, will be recognizable markers for you. God will give you guideposts, and you will be able to truly see.”
“Godposts,” shot Miles a little too sarcastically.
Ashley simply smiled knowingly and continued.
“Just follow those markers and ‘Godposts’,” stated Ashley with matter-of-fact certainty. “If you ask and then listen, you will be given ‘eyes to see and ears to hear’.”
“Oh, sure,” just see and interpret signs from God. No problemo,” thought Miles, a now-sardonic grin pulling at his lips as he tried to maintain a serious countenance for the sake of his daughter.
“Um, Ash,” asked Miles in a voice that was unintendedly patronizing. “Do you think you could get this magic God of yours to simply send me an email?”
“Daddy!” exclaimed Ashley as she scolded him for using a less-than-respectful tone of voice with her.
“It’s very simple, actually Daddy,” continued Ashley, now mimicking her father’s cynical and somewhat patronizing tone. “First you ask, then you listen.”
Ashley suddenly came to her father and gave him a giant hug. Miles was surprised at the abruptness and ferocity of the embrace.
“You have to go now Daddy,” she whispered.
Miles could smell the delicate fragrance of the little flowers in his daughter’s hair as he took her in his arms and affectionately returned her embrace. Tears began to once again run down his face. He couldn’t understand why he was doing this to himself. He was convinced that this whole thing was nothing more than a part of his brain’s journey towards coma and eventual death.
“Why do you want me to suffer this way?” thought Miles, addressing his subconscious and conscious mind directly.
To Miles’ great surprise, Ashley answered the unspoken question.
“We Love You,” she whispered in her father’s ear.
“We Love You!!!” came the joyous cry from the cherubic congregation, this time so loud that the entire tower as well as Miles’ teeth shook with the power of the sound.
And then Miles felt and heard nothing as the blackness of oblivion once again embraced him.


Chapter 14

Dr. Miles Trebuchet was beyond thirsty. The term parched couldn’t even do justice to the arid wasteland his mouth had become. His “pie hole,” as Norm at the Country Club often called it, was so dry he could barely manage to move his tongue. And the taste. Who knew dying of thirst tasted so awful? It was like someone had stuffed three filthy, sand-caked socks into his mouth and then thrown two handfuls of musty sawdust on top as a garnish.
“Gah,” croaked Miles, entering into a not-so-intellectual discourse with himself as he tried to conjure up sufficient saliva to spit at least one of the socks from his mouth. 
Miles tentatively licked his lips, his swollen tongue painfully discovering that they were cracked and split extensively. Chasms of what he knew would become raw, ragged pain now crisscrossed his formerly well-cared for lips. He grimaced in excruciating agony as the remaining bits of saliva on his tongue made contact with the crevices.
“It’s going to take a whole lot of lip balm to heal that mess,” thought Miles ruefully.
“And what is that smell?” thought Miles, unsure even of where he was at the moment, but knowing that wherever it was, it was saturated with some pretty unpleasant aromas.
“It smells like somebody threw a batch of spoiled hot dogs on a grill and then tossed on a tire for good measure,” thought Miles, his nose involuntarily wrinkling in protest.
He tried to open his eyes but they seemed to resist his efforts. It was as if his eyelids had been glued shut. With a little concentrated effort, Miles was finally able to crack open his right eye – and immediately closed it again as bright light poured in, blinding him with unbearable brilliance. He tried again, and this time he was able to keep his right eye open long enough to make out a black, knobby motorcycle tire about 12 inches from his face. The smell in his nostrils was coming from the tire. It had gobs of burned, fleshy goo on its knobs, as though it had ground into soft flesh at a very high rate of speed.
“Oh,” exclaimed Miles softly as he laid his head back down on the ground in an effort to shy away from the rancid smell. He had a pretty good idea as to whom the hanging, gooey flesh belonged. He reached up and touched the side of his face.
“Ruined,” thought Miles dejectedly. 
The Kawasaki’s rear tire had given him a “shave” that was going to leave its mark on him for the rest of his days.
“I need a Martini and a Brunes,” thought Miles as he peered up through the spokes of the Kawasaki’s back wheel at a crisp, blue desert sky. It was a sky that on any other day might have earned some emotional applause as it literally soared above him.
But not today.
“The End of The World,” remembered Miles, recent events coming back to him in a jumbled heap of thoughts and memories.
The beautiful little girl with lovely flowers in her hair blowing him kisses.
Rocketing off the edge of the ravine like Evel Knievel and flying like a bird through the air.
The Volvo and Ashley.
The curtain of sparkling gray mist.
Traveling through the cosmos on a roller coaster ride.
The impossible tower.
The “We Love You” babies.
Catherine.
“Catherine!” thought Miles with immediate urgency as he tried to raise himself hastily from his current prone position. He didn’t get very far as he quickly realized he was pinned beneath his motorcycle. His head also swam sickeningly as he lifted it, and intense dizziness soon made him abandon the effort altogether.
“I think I will just lie back down for a minute and gather my faculties,” thought Miles, hoping that he wasn’t hurt too badly. Memories of his recent wreck came back to him suddenly, tumbling through his mind the way he had tumbled down the side of the ravine. It only took a few of the images to dash any hopes he had that his injuries might only be minor. Miles glanced to his right and saw what appeared to be large splatters and splashes of dark crimson painting some of the dirt and rocks along the side of the gully where he had crashed. Another sign that once he was able to fully survey the damage he was likely in store for a very grim horror show.
“Looks like a ‘Vincent Van Gross’ masterpiece,” thought Miles as he stared at the splatters and splashes of dried blood, his mouth curving upward just slightly with the beginnings of a perhaps cynical, perhaps slightly crazed smile.
“At least I didn’t injure my sense of humor,” thought Miles as he turned his attention back to the sky above him, gazing thoughtfully at the hard blue while considering his predicament. He knew the accident had been horrific, that he likely had major injuries that would likely be the death of him. He wasn’t entirely sure why he wasn’t dead already. 
Maybe he was.
“Perhaps I need some ‘eyes to see’,” croaked Miles out loud to the desert around him as he recalled one of the details from his recent “vision quest” with his daughter.
Tiring of laying down and doing nothing, Miles gently pried his eyes open with fingers that were clearly broken. His eyes had been partially glued shut from what appeared to be at least somewhat-prolonged exposure to the sun, wind and other character traits of the desert. Miles wondered just how long he had been out of it, laying half-dead in the middle of the nowhere.
“Ashley, Catherine, I love you,” thought Miles as he squinted at the sky, a few last remaining drops of moisture rolling down his cheeks in the form of small, tearful protestations against the light. Images and emotions flooded into him as Miles began to remember everything from his recent “dream” with Ashley. Despite the heartache he had endured in the tower, he had absolutely loved seeing his daughter and spending time with her again.
“If only it could be true,” thought Miles despondently. “If only I really had been with my daughter. If only I really could help Catherine somehow. If only I could be reunited with her.”
Miles knew he would go anywhere, do anything to help Catherine. But shock induced dreams and visions were just that, dreams and visions. Nothing more. Nothing less. When brought into the physical world, God was always a pie plate.
“But what if it is true, all of it,” replied a small voice that seemed to come from somewhere deep inside Miles’ psyche.
It was a voice that Miles didn’t think he had ever previously encountered. It was a voice that sounded like it intended to question his notions, his conclusions, his surety about everything. Miles wasn’t too sure he liked the new voice very much.
“What if you could do something to help all those beautiful babies, help your wife and help reunite your family completely?” continued the voice. “Do you have the courage to grasp at that straw?”
Miles merely growled in response, already finding himself annoyed by the nagging voice.
 “Are you so sure about your conclusions regarding the nature of the universe that you are willing to sacrifice your wife, your daughter, and all those cherubic little children without even trying to help them?” admonished the voice.
“I will NOT succumb to ignorance and mysticism!” raged Miles suddenly as he railed against the voice and shook his fist at the sky, forgetting temporarily about his injuries as he once more tried to raise himself. The dizziness decided to play an encore, though, and Miles was forced to quickly lie back down.
“Besides,” thought Miles, “even if it were all true, I still don’t want anything to do with it because it is a stupid, pointless, petulant child’s game, and I, for one, refuse to participate.”
“But you might be able to help Catherine out of some otherworldly predicament,” reasoned the voice. “Ashley said you could.”
 “Isn’t the logical thing to do to try and help? And isn’t science all about logic?” continued the voice in its frustratingly calm and reasoned tone. “If you don’t try and you could have helped, what have you gained? Only the knowledge that your stubbornness and arrogance prevented you from possibly saving your beloved wife. On the other hand, if you do try to help, what have you gained? The ability to possibly help your wife and others in a very great way – something you have always professed as your mission in life, as your raison d’etre.
Miles closed his eyes in silent protest of the voice, refusing to be goaded into responding.
“And what do you have to lose? What are the consequences of trying?” continued the voice. “Nothing, save for a potential blow to your scientist’s sense of reason and order in discovering that there might be more to the universe than you had previously considered. At worst you risk mild scorn from your scientific peers and others who simply reject God and Christ as a matter of course.”
“Those aren’t exactly dire consequences.”
“On the other hand,” continued the now-really annoying voice, “if you don’t try, you risk leaving your wife and daughter and a million lives of promise to an unknown fate that could include anything from unhappiness to some form of emotional or physical destruction.”
“The choice is clear, then, based on reason. Based on logic. Based on science. You must follow God’s path until it has been proven a fraud. You simply cannot dismiss it out of hand. To do so is to label yourself forever as a hypocrite because you will be denying the scientific method you profess as your personal process by which ultimate truth may be discovered.”
Miles groaned. He found the voice and its “reasonable” tone – not to mention its arguments – absolutely infuriating.
“I am a rational man, a man of science! I will not try to ‘commune’ with an imaginary supernatural being!” stormed Miles, shaking his fist again at the sky. He noticed absently as he waved his fist that it was bleeding and scraped and that two of his fingers were likely horribly broken.
“The only harm in trying is to your fragile human ego,” chided the voice, now using a somewhat reproachful tone. “All you need to do is ask for help, for guidance, and you can perhaps reunite your family and benefit untold numbers of lives at the same time. What is the harm in trying?”
“I simply refuse to ask any ‘God’ for help, to do so would be to abandon rationality and the founding principles of science,” stated Miles flatly. “For me, God is a non-starter.”
This time, neither the voice in his head nor the desert that surrounded him had any reply.
“Good,” thought Miles. “That’s settled then.”
“Hardly,” came the voice again.
Miles growled once more as he began trying to fish his pack of Brunes out of his rolled-up shirt sleeve. If he was going to die of exposure out in the middle of the desert being tormented by some disembodied voice, he might as well enjoy himself a little and have a smoke.
Miles was relieved to find the crumpled, blue pack of cigarettes still in place. He located the book of matches that he always kept inside the plastic wrapping around the outside of the pack and sparked up a smoke, inhaling the aromatic Turkish tobacco deeply, savoring the rich taste as he lightly touched the tip of his swollen tongue to the butt end of the cigarette.
“God bless the Boy Scouts of America and their ‘Always Be Prepared’ motto,” thought Miles as he relished the taste of the tobacco and thought about the wisdom of always keeping a pack of matches with his cigarettes. The Boy Scout motto was a credo he had adopted long ago that had served him well in life; this was just one more testament to that particular faith.
“Faith,” thought Miles. “That’s a laugh.”
Miles tried to raise his head again in order to assess the extent of his injuries. He had more success this time with the dizziness and nausea, although he still couldn’t get himself up very far. The Kawasaki had him almost completely pinned to the ground. The cycle looked to Miles like some sort of mortally wounded beast that he had hunted, and then killed at the last moment – just as it had crouched and leapt forward through the air to attack him. Its death throes now complete, the beast continued to lie where it had died – on top of Miles.
From what he was able to see, Miles thought the extent of his injuries was fairly severe. He likely wasn’t going to be an outpatient anytime soon, even if he did somehow manage to make it to a hospital. It was clear to him now where his “vision” had come from – likely a shock-induced episode that had resulted from the horrific and life-threatening nature of his wounds.
Despite almost swooning again, Miles forced himself up in order to get a proper look at the situation. His left leg was obviously broken in at least two places, and Miles felt a twinge of nausea as he saw that his foot was turned in a very “wrong” direction, as though it were trying to point the way to a demented amusement park where the top prize at the “Carnival of Horrors” was Stephen King’s latest novel.
“Ha, ha, fun for the whole family at the Carnival of Horrors,” thought Miles ruefully as he intentionally inhaled some of the fragrant-but-acrid smoke from his Brunes cigarette up his nose. “Come see the man who can travel two directions at once. He goes east, while his foot goes west.”
Everything besides the terribly broken leg looked to be bruises, scrapes, contusions, the usual fare – except for his now-twisted and obviously broken fingers and somewhat mangled face from the shave he had received from the Kawasaki’s knobby tire.
“Pedestrian injuries mostly,” thought Miles with feigned indifference that was more than a little forced.
Miles tried to move from beneath the bike – and screamed, his side erupting in agonizing pain. It felt like spears that had been dipped in lava were being jammed deeply and repeatedly into his side. Miles gasped raggedly, trying not to move, trying not to breathe too deeply as the Brunes dropped from his mouth onto the sandy dirt next to him. He looked down in horror at the gruesome mess his side had become, a mess he had not noticed during the initial inspection of his injuries because it required him to crank his head down rather uncomfortably in order to obtain a ringside view.
“I should be dead,” thought Miles as he surveyed the damage, understanding immediately where all the “paint” for his “Vincent Van Gross” desert masterpiece had come from.
His side had been sliced open deeply, and two of his ribs were broken backwards so that they pushed upward through the skin in his side. Had he wanted to, he could easily have massaged the tips of the broken ribs with his fingers. The grievous wound had obviously bled profusely as Miles saw that the lower right portion of his body was coated with sticky, dark-red stains. His stomach rolled as he saw that the flesh across and around the wound was mysteriously burned and charred black as well.
“That doesn’t look right,” thought Miles and then realized his life had been saved by the Kawasaki’s red-hot tailpipe cauterizing the mortal wound in his side. 
Miles looked at the tailpipe and saw it had gotten pinched off in the wreck and had, as the engine continued to race and scream, become red hot, as though it had been placed in a blast furnace in order to be super-heated. The red-hot tailpipe had fallen against him and had melted his skin and blackened his flesh and in so doing had kept him from bleeding to death as it had effectively cauterized the wound.
“Lucky me,” thought Miles as he prepared to light another Brunes.
“Ready to ask for help yet?” came the voice.
Miles growled and tried to sit up once more, pushing against the metal beast that pinned him while waving his horribly broken fingers in the air angrily, as though he were trying to shoo away the nagging voice, like it was an annoying bug that needed to be swatted. 
Searing pain made him quickly lie down once more. 
Miles continued growling angrily from his now prone position, cursing at the sky as he fanned at the air frantically, the movement racking his body with absolute torment. 
Miles didn’t care about the pain.
That voice. That nagging, damn voice. 
He had to make it go away.
Miles suddenly lunged upward, trying by sheer force of will to shift the position of the wrecked Kawasaki that pinned him. The bike didn’t budge, but Miles did succeed in making the voice go away as he passed out screaming.



Chapter 15

Miles sighed despondently. 
He was back in the blackness again.
“Not exactly as fun as jammin’ to ‘Back in Black’ by AC/DC while cruising along in the beamer,” thought Miles, opening his eyes as wide as possible as he peered out into the inky darkness that once more surrounded and pressed in on him.
“Look everyone, I’ve become a lemur,” thought Miles sarcastically as he tried to calm his nerves with a bit of humor. 
Miles took slow deep breaths, focusing on his anti-anxiety breathing regimen.
“In through the nose, out through the mouth.”
“In through the nose, out through the mouth.”
“Breathe in quickly, then expel the air as slowly as possible.”
Unfortunately, the breathing exercises were less than effective. The blackness was so complete, so thick, it seemed to add an actual weight to the air, making breathing almost physically difficult.
“Like trying to breathe Mrs. Butterworth’s syrup,” thought Miles as he felt his heart skip a beat or two, a single large bead of anxiety-laden sweat once again forming on his brow.
Miles found the blackness to be more frightening than any nightmare, real or imagined, that he had ever faced. It was a courage-killing darkness with teeth of cold, black coal and a soul of darkest despair.
“Fear is the mind-killer, I will not fear,” tried Miles, reaching out once more to his “Dune Philosophy” for assistance. As was usually the case, however, it didn’t help very much, and Miles’ heart continued to race along rather sporadically, his mouth going bone dry with anxiety.
His eyes still closed, Miles felt more than saw a brilliant glow abruptly appear behind him. He felt his heart skidder three quick steps to the left when a small, delicate hand took hold of his own in the darkness. Miles spun around quickly and was relieved to discover a literally beaming Ashley. As always, she was beautiful and was a site for sore eyes. She was also wearing a new t-shirt. It was still white with large crimson letters, but this one simply said “They Need U.”
“Hi Daddy!” chimed Ashley cheerfully as she flashed another of her world-ending smiles. She seemed to think there was nothing particularly odd or amazing about her current ability to shine forth in the darkness like a spiritual lighthouse.
To Miles’ amazement and great relief, his daughter was emanating an aura of light, light powerful enough to push back the blackness in at least their immediate vicinity.
“My daughter the lantern,” thought Miles amusedly.
He was very grateful, however, to see Ashley’s beautiful light helping to lift the veil of darkness. The blackness was like a velvet curtain of hanging dread, a clinging cloak that struck fear into the deepest recesses of his soul and made his heart skip and race like that of a frightened animal. He welcomed any and all light that could pull back that dark curtain from him even a little.
Miles simply embraced his daughter, once again smelling the delicate fragrance of the little white-and-yellow flowers that always seemed to adorn her hair.
“I’m happy to see you too Daddy,” said Ashley, returning her father’s embrace.
Miles saw over Ashley’s shoulder that a mass of golden, glowing light particles were beginning to swirl and coalesce in the blackness the same way they had in the tower with the cherubic little children. It looked like millions of fireflies, glowing fiery orange and yellow in the blackness, were swarming together to form something truly grand, something that required all of them to act together, something that any one of them alone could never even imagine.
Miles reached down and grasped his daughter’s hand as he turned towards the “screen.” If nothing else, the “fireflies” were a gigantic source of amber light in the blackness, and Miles welcomed any interruption in the darkness with unabashed and grateful relief.
Ashley smiled up at her father and once again looked like an elegant model on the “Price is Right” as she swept her arm upward, gesturing towards the firefly screen. Miles could see the screen now displayed the magnificent, impossible tower that Miles had visited with his daughter.
“We ... Love ... You!!!” came the joyous cries from the infants who were still gathered in the tower. Even viewed “remotely,” the sound of affection from the babies was tremendous, colossal, washing over Miles, Ashley, and the darkness with the power of a thousand ocean waves of light. Miles couldn’t imagine the total number of babies populating the tower, but based on the power of the sound they could generate it had to be hundreds of thousands, perhaps even millions.
“Do they ever get out of that tower?” asked Miles of his daughter.
Ashley giggled at the absurdity of her father’s question.
“Of course, daddy. When their time has come,” she replied quietly, a glimmer of wonder and awe in her voice.
“Those babies are starting to grow on me,” thought Miles, smiling as he watched them laugh, coo and play with an innocence that only children can genuinely achieve.
“We ... Love ... You!!!” heard Miles one last time as the firefly-screen flickered, waved like a flag, and shifted yet again, this time displaying a wonderfully idyllic country setting. The scene reminded Miles a little of the rolling grassy hills filled with flowers where he had spent time in Catherine’s Volvo. Here too there were beautiful sprays of color everywhere as a profusion of incredible flowers burst forth from the lush, green grass, and lovely cottages, painted in vibrant primary colors, dotted the landscape here and there as far as the eye could see. Bright red, blue, green, yellow – the little houses looked like flowers themselves, adding their charming colors to the overall beauty of the bouquet. Miles saw that well-maintained walkways wound throughout the landscape, weaving a path between the cottages. Miles thought it odd, however, that the walkways were empty. In fact, there didn’t appear to be anyone about. 
“Strange that so beautiful a place should be so empty and lonely,” thought Miles as he watched a crystal clear, trickling stream wind through the scenic setting, bubbling serenely beneath little arched, masterfully crafted wooden arches that occasionally bridged the stream as it meandered off into the distance.
It was incredible. It was magical. It was beautiful beyond words. And Miles immediately fell in love with it.
“Now there is a place I would like to live someday,” thought Miles as he gazed with longing at the idyllic country setting.
The picture suddenly zoomed in to focus on one particular cottage. It was a pretty little yellow unit, with bright white trim and a green front door. Miles looked on in wonder as the scene shifted to the inside of the cottage. The interior was incredible – and immaculate. Perfectly polished hardwood floors adorned every room, most ending against dark-green walls that displayed deftly applied yellow-and-white striped wallpaper. The wallpaper butted up against wooden molding, creating a very interesting contrast between the yellow-and-white stripes of the wallpaper and the base green on the walls. The colorful theme of the cottage reminded Miles of daisies.
Miles watched mesmerized as the glowing screen of “fireflies” continued to shift and display different views of the cottage. There was a beautiful, curving maple banister and a circular staircase that led up to the second story, and vaulted ceilings added a soaring sense of grandeur to the entire setting. There were casement and roof windows everywhere as well, so that the cottage literally sparkled with natural sunlight. Miles imagined gazing out those roof windows at night with the stars and moon overhead.
“Now, that would be something I would like to share with Catherine,” thought Miles as he felt a pang of sorrow stab briefly at his heart.
Miles noticed, however, that it did not appear as though anyone lived in the cottage. It seemed very well kept, but completely abandoned. There was furniture everywhere, as though the quaint little home were meant to be lived in, but there was simply no one around. Nor did it appear that anyone had ever been around.
“Strange,” thought Miles, wrinkling his brow a bit while glancing at Ashley standing next to him.
Ashley performed a decidedly pre-teen shrug and used her “Price is Right” wave to direct Miles’ attention back to the screen.
The scene quickly shifted to the circular staircase and glistening maple banister that led upstairs.
“Looks like we are going up,” thought Miles, trying to be patient as he once again reached out to hold his daughter’s hand.
Upstairs the tour continued as the scene shifted to a doorway that led to what appeared to be a master bedroom. Here too there were casement windows, all at least partially open to help comfort the house with a breeze. Miles watched the lightweight curtains gently billowing. He thought it looked like the breeze was lifting the skirts of the gauzy window treatments flirtatiously, trying to perhaps coax them into a dance.
Like the downstairs area, the bedroom was beautifully furnished and appointed. Unlike the dark green that had been the theme downstairs, however, the walls of the bedroom were painted a pale yellow, and green-and-white striped wall paper ran partially up the wall before butting up against more laboriously constructed and polished wooden molding. The colors seemed to combine to give the room – like the rest of the cottage – a joyful, whimsical character. Miles could almost smell the daisies.
Miles was about to smile again when he noticed something – no, someone – near the corner of the room, sitting up against the wall beneath the window. It was a woman, and she was simply sitting, rocking back and forth quietly. She was hugging her knees to herself while staring at the hardwood floor in front of her, seemingly in a daze of some kind. Miles thought she had the most beautiful, blonde hair and the daintiest, most delicate hands he had ever seen. She reminded him of...
Miles’ felt his soul stagger as sudden recognition set in. 
Catherine. 
It was Catherine.
His beloved Catherine.
Miles found himself unable to think, unable to move, his mouth falling open wordlessly as his legs buckled, sending him involuntarily to his knees, his hand falling from his daughter’s grasp.
Miles then watched in shocked disbelief and horror as first one small creature, and then another, flew onto the window sill from outside – and then dropped down onto his wife. One perched on Catherine’s shoulder, the other sat down in her lap and snuggled into place like some kind of demonic kitten. Miles wasn’t sure, but he thought Catherine seemed to shudder slightly as the miniature monsters assumed their positions.
No more than 16 inches tall, the little creatures were a deep, golden brown, like they had been basted repeatedly while baking in an oven. Their skin was hairless and smooth, and they had leathery wings that reminded Miles of bats. As the creatures communicated with each other in some kind of hissing dialect, miles could see they had fangs for teeth. They really did look like miniature demons.
Miles shuddered and watched with increasing trepidation as the creature on Catherine’s shoulder began to whisper in her ear, and with every word the beastie in her lap would drag a claw across her belly. The tracing of the claw across Catherine’s midsection didn’t seem to leave a wound, but it did generate strange flashing symbols like ancient Nordic runes just beneath the surface of her skin. Miles thought it looked like Catherine was being subcutaneously tattooed with ink the color of fluorescent blood.
Done writing and whispering, the miniature demon twins flew back up onto the window sill, perching themselves just above Catherine’s head. As far as Miles could tell, Catherine seemed oblivious to the entire thing. Until she started screaming.
Miles watched in horror as the runes that had been embedded in his wife began flashing once more, this time all throughout her body. And with every flash came a grimace, a twitch, and more often than not – a scream. The demon bats clapped their hands and cavorted with hissing giggles whenever the cries of pain and anguish reached truly piercing proportions. It looked to Miles like they were enjoying their work.
Anger and confusion, fueled by utter helplessness, boiled up inside of Miles until his heart was pulsing with the most acute rage his body, mind, and soul had ever known.
“Catherine!” shouted Miles, finally finding the ability to move once more as he broke away from his trance and began sprinting towards the screen, trying desperately to reach his wife. The blackness seemed to cling to him as he ran, however, and it got thicker and stickier with every step. It was like trying to wade through inky molasses. Miles’ feet felt like they were mired in the blackest of blackberry syrup. 
Miles heaved his body and legs with heroic effort, even going so far as to begin using his hands and arms to pull on his legs mightily in order to try and free them from the tarry quicksand that held him in a slow-motion state of sticky desperation.
Beginning to lose his balance, Miles swung his arms crazily at the blackness as though attempting to clear spider webs from the atmosphere around him until finally he spun, tripped – and fell, well before reaching the gigantic, glowing screen in the distance where his wife was still screaming. The blackness then seemed to congeal upon him, pinning him to the “floor” like a gigantic vat of dark molasses had been poured down upon him.
“Daddy,” said Ashley flatly as she approached, her aura of light pulling the black molasses away from him. “You can’t reach her that way.”
Miles was beginning to find his daughter’s new completely calm and infinitely wise tone of voice somewhat annoying.
Miles rose to his knees and looked up at the screen as it continued to display Catherine sitting in the corner of that bedroom, hugging herself and staring at a single patch of hardwood floor in front of her – as though that little patch of wood were her only focus, her entire world, her only source of salvation. It was as though she were in some sort of induced trance from which she was totally incapable of awaking or recovering.
Miles felt like spitting at the very core of creation as he watched the brown bat demons depart in a flurry of flapping leathery wings, emitting a cry that sounded a little too much like a demonic giggle as they flew from the window sill to alight on the roof of the little red house across the way before disappearing down the chimney. 
“Demon-bat Santas. Ho Ho Ho,” thought Miles, his hands clenching and unclenching involuntarily as though seeking a leathery throat to grasp.
At least the runes weren’t flashing on Catherine’s body any longer. Miles was grateful beyond words for the at least temporary respite.
“What’s wrong with her Ashley? Where is she?” “What are those things? What is going on?” cried Miles desperately as he beat his fists into the unforgiving blackness beneath him, his anger and frustration at not being able to reach or help his beloved Catherine shooting bolts of spear-like pain through his chest.
“I told you, Daddy, she is ‘elsewhere’,” replied Ashley with compassion as she laid a hand upon her father’s shoulder. “There is nothing wrong with her, she just doesn’t have the eyes to see the wider world around her. She sees only that small patch of floor in front of her. That is her world. She lives only in her own mind. She has no idea about any of the scenic beauty we can see that surrounds her.”
“And because she cannot see, she is fair game for the cowardly tormentors that inhabit certain parts of the universe. If she could but open her eyes, she could be rid of them with a simple wave of her hand. But she can’t open her eyes without God, and she is yet to meet him.”
Miles continued to stare at Catherine on the glowing screen – even though it pained him greatly to do so. It cut him to the core of his being to see her crouched on the floor, obviously emotionally and mentally distressed and in need of assistance. He couldn’t bear the sight of it. Yet to see her at all was just so impossible, so incredible that he seemed unable to avert his eyes for even a moment. She was, after all, supposed to be “dead.” And for Miles, that meant discontinuance of all existence.
“It doesn’t make sense, any of it. It’s not just!” stormed Miles, clenching some of the blackness in his fists. 
“Why is she being treated this way!? What kind of universe, what kind of God would allow this?”
“Daddy, anger isn’t going to help,” said Ashley in a slightly reproachful tone as she once again laid a hand gently upon her father’s shoulder.
“What can I do?” begged Miles from his knees, returning his gaze to his beloved Catherine as tears of frustration, anger, rage, and helplessness began to stream down his face.
Ashley simply pointed to her ever-present t-shirt.
Miles saw the shirt once again read “U Can Help Her” in large, crimson letters.
“What does that mean?” asked Miles, his mouth quivering uncontrollably as he continued to gaze upon his wife, his tearful eyes pleading with his daughter – and the universe – for answers.
And then Catherine was gone as the screen changed once more.
“No,” breathed Miles as Catherine disappeared from view. He ducked his head and closed his eyes, wanting to hang on to any image of her. He wanted to look at her, feel her, merge his soul with hers, be with her – forever.
Ashley tugged at her father’s arm, clearly desperate for his attention, a look of fierce determination suddenly entering her lovely green eyes.
Miles, obeying his daughter’s urgings, lifted his eyes to the screen again as the view shifted to a metal sculptor working with a torch. Miles was surprised to see he was looking at himself. He saw that he was creating a truly incredible piece unlike anything he had ever done before. He wasn’t sure he was even capable of creating such a masterpiece.
“Hobson Green would be proud of me,” thought Miles, remembering the original source of his artistic inspiration as he examined the intricate beauty of the piece that was being created on the screen.
 It was a sculpture of a colossal female Angel with long, feminine legs, flowing hair, and wings that spread out behind her in a magnificent display of aerial grace.
“She has to be at least 15 feet tall with a wingspan better than 20 feet,” marveled Miles as he studied the piece.
Miles shook his head. He didn’t want to be drawn in. He wanted to hang onto Catherine. But the piece was magnificent and he couldn’t help himself from gazing upon its beauty. He was especially impressed by the intricate work that had gone into placing Rube Goldberg-like moving mechanisms throughout the sculpture, mechanisms that were similar in form and function to those his art hero Hobson Green had employed in his sculptures.
The piece was designed so that a steel ball about the size of a croquet ball would roll throughout the piece on a gradually sloping, curved track, setting off intricate little “events” as it went. A pendulum swung, a series of bells were rung, a mother cradled her baby, a ship set sail, the moon and stars rose above the Angel’s head, and best of all – when the silver bowling ball eventually reached its end – a “door” opened up near where the Angel’s womb would be if she were human, spilling out hundreds of perfect little silver balls that spiraled downward inside helix-shaped tubes. As the little silver balls made their way downward, the glorious Angel gently spread her wings, the words “We  You” slowly dropping into place between them. As the last little ball fell into place, the Angel’s wings fully extended with a mechanical “chank!” and she stood resplendent in all her glory.
The piece resonated with power and presence.
And it moved, like Hobson’s work had moved...
It was magnificent. And Miles had apparently created it.
The scene shifted on the glowing screen again and now Miles saw a familiar building in the early morning sunlight. It was his clinic. It looked to Miles to be no more than about 6 a.m. as the Phoenix sky was still painted in early morning hues of orange and pink and blue. Amidst the beautiful sunrise, however, there was quiet chaos. Media trucks blocked the street while reporters jockeyed for position, police busily tried to setup and man barricades, and throngs of everyday people stood silently – staring upward at the sky, a sky that was filled with throngs of  red, heart-shaped balloons. As the glowing screen panned towards the roof of the clinic, Miles saw his Angel on top of the building. She had spread her wings and in so doing was displaying her message to the world amidst showers of sparks from a cluster of fireworks that helped illuminate her glory.
“We  You,” cried the letters between her wings.
Miles could see dozens of television cameras being trained directly on the colossal Angel and her message of love.
“It will not be easy, Daddy,” said Ashley as she placed her small hand lovingly on her father’s shoulder.
“God wants the world to know he loves them, all of them, despite their mortal failings. The whole host of heaven wants to communicate a single phrase to the world – ‘We Love You’.”
“And they want you to be their messenger.”
“Fine,” said Miles flatly, his entire being still dumbfounded that his beloved wife should be made to suffer in any way.
“If God wants an art show, I’ll give him one,” stated Miles with determination. “I will try anything, I will do anything, to help Catherine.”
“You will be helping others too,” replied Ashley hopefully. “Including myself, thousands of everyday people, and many lives of promise that are yet to be. I desperately want mother to be with us again as well, daddy.”
“She will be, I promise,” said Miles with conviction as he rose and took his daughter in his arms once more.
They both wept quietly this time as they held each other, Ashley’s aura of light continuing to keep the blackness at bay as the glowing amber screen of fireflies dissolved away into nothingness.

Chapter 16

Miles was back in the shallow wash next to The End of The World, his mouth still parched to the point of feeling like he was trying to gobble down an endless supply of moisture-sucking socks. It seemed to Miles that time had passed, but he had no sure way of knowing just how much. He was no longer even sure what day it was.
Miles tried to spit the sandy, dry taste from the arid wasteland his mouth had become, but his tongue merely cracked anew as it tried to unroll. It felt as though a crazed salesman from Vacuum Cleaner Hell had provided him with a demonstration of his newest model. The demo had consisted of tossing mounds of sand and grit into Miles’ open mouth, followed by fervent sucking of the dirt, sand, and all remaining moisture from not only Miles’ tongue and mouth, but from his entire body.
“Yes, sir, this little honey is powerful enough to vacuum up the very essence of your soul,” pitched the hellish salesman in Miles’ mind.
“Water,” croaked Miles through cracked lips that were now resplendent with blood-encrusted ravines as he opened his mouth to the sky.
He was rewarded with only a few drops of sunshine.
“Catherine,” thought Miles suddenly, his mind instantly alert and racing along the edge of panic as images of his beloved wife being bedeviled came flooding back into his present state of consciousness.
Had it been real? Any of it.
She had looked so lost, so helpless. So tormented…
It couldn’t have been real.
“But what if it was real, all of it,” piped up a nagging little voice inside of Miles’ head.
“Isn’t even the chance it was real enough to demand action?”
Miles found the little voice of “reason” loathsome. But it was right.
He had to help her. He had to try. The Clinic didn’t matter. Science didn’t matter. A battered body and being lost in the desert didn’t matter. 
Only Catherine mattered. 
He had to help her any way he could – even if that meant he had to abdicate reason and abandon science to serve a creator and world view that had previously been the avowed enemy of his belief system.
Miles thought of his mother. She had always been absolutely devoted to her “Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.” Even in the end when there was obviously going to be no help for her she hadn’t wavered.
“So brave, yet so pointlessly misguided,” thought Miles, hating himself for even considering abandoning “reason” and what he considered to be the only promise for those like his mother. He couldn’t believe he was even considering violating the promise he had made to himself so many years ago.
But he was out of options.
He had to try and help Catherine - at any cost, including his self-respect if necessary. Miles didn’t want the admission that he was less in control than previously thought, that he wasn’t the one making the rules to even enter his mind, much less his vocabulary. He found the idea that he wasn’t in control, that he wasn’t in charge, abhorrent.
“Like I am just a player in this game,” thought Miles. “A game created and run by someone else entirely.”
Miles knew Ashley would disagree with him. She would characterize it as a game of collaboration where the rules were decided by all players, with the “Prime Directive” caveat that no rule could be put in place that held the possibility of harming a player.
Miles thought Ashley would likely be very proud of him for what he was about to do.
“I am going to ask you for help and guidance God,” rasped Miles as he stared at the hard blue sky. “But know that I do so in protest and that I don’t really believe in you. And know that I am hurt and angry at having Catherine and Ashley taken from me and I do not appreciate you making me play these games.”
Miles closed his eyes and steeled himself mentally to commit the ultimate transgression against the tenets of science, the belief system upon which he had established the foundation for his life. It was a line he thought he would never cross, something that still gave him tremendous pause.
He felt like he was about to commit the ultimate sin.
“I don’t really believe in you God, but all logic and reason says that the illogical thing to do here is ignore all the ‘signs’ I have been given. If there is even the slightest chance that I can help Catherine, I must do so, regardless of the means, requirements or circumstances,” stated Miles resolutely.
“I love Catherine and Ashley so very much, so if you are up there God, if you care about me Jesus, send me a sign and help me out of this scar in the desert so that I can do your bidding as you desire and thus help my beloved wife, daughter, and any others you wish me to assist. If there is even a remote possibility that I can help and perhaps be with my wife and daughter again, please help me to make it so.”
“And ‘Klaatu barada nikto’ for good measure,” recited Miles with lingering sarcasm, still clinging to the notion that his “spiritual encounters” were so much spiritual “mumbo jumbo” and that the words of his “prayer” would ultimately turn out to be just the utterances of a fool, spoken meaninglessly into the vast emptiness of the desert at The End of The World.
Miles listened carefully, with his eyes closed, seeking an answer not only with his ears, but with his entire soul.
Silence.
Miles braced himself, breathed deep, and listened again.
Nothing.
Miles laid back and tried to control his breathing as he focused all his energy upon his prayers to God, opening up his entire being to whatever response the universe might have for him.
Stillness.
Silence.
Not even a breeze.
“I need a Martini,” thought Miles, ignoring the pain as he reached for the pack of cigarettes in his shirt pocket.
“Well God? Is that it? Cat got your tongue?” railed Miles, complaining to the soaring sky above him as he extracted an oddly bent Brunes from the crumpled pack.
Anger rose within him as he used two grotesquely broken fingers to tap the Brunes forcefully against the crumpled blue pack from which it had come, trying clumsily to restore the cigarette to a relatively straight condition. He couldn’t believe what he had just done, how he had debased himself, how deeply he had sunk into the deepest depths of delusion. He had humbled himself and committed the most grievous sin against science and his personal belief system possible. And for what? Nothing. Nada. Nichts.
“Just as I thou...” started Miles, then stopped, his heart suddenly thudding powerfully and somewhat erratically against his ribs. He had heard something. He was sure of it. And then the sound came again. It was a scratching, a scrabbling maybe, and it was coming from the edge of the wash above and behind him.
“Hello!?” called Miles.
“Woof!”
“What!?” thought Miles, puzzled and a little shocked by the contextual oddity of the sound.
“Say again?” tried Miles.
“Woof!”
Miles craned his neck and head around as much as possible and was rewarded with a view of a very large, extremely mangy dog staring back at him over the edge of the gully. The beast’s mouth hung open in a ragged smile that displayed at least one broken tooth.
Miles laughed.
“Is this my answer?” questioned Miles as he wheezed out moisture-less laughter and a single, sand-laden tear. 
“This is my salvation?”
Miles thought the dog looked like some sort of an insane cross between the Doberman and St. Bernard breeds. It was certainly large enough. Fido had to be well over 150 pounds.
It was a doggy monster.
Miles glanced back at the prodigious pooch at the top of the wash.
The dog stared back at him and licked its lips. Miles wasn’t sure he liked the look of that lick. The dog was very large, but it was also very thin, which meant it was likely very hungry.
“He actually looks like he is starving,” thought Miles as he considered for a moment how long the giant dog might have been lost out in the desert without any food or water.
Miles eyed the dog warily before returning his gaze to the sky.
“So that’s my answer God?” thought Miles dejectedly as he tried to clench his horrifically broken fingers in anger. He couldn’t quite make the fist of protest he wanted though; his fingers simply wouldn’t cooperate and kept sticking out haphazardly in all directions instead of clenching correctly.
“A giant starving dog with a crazy, broken smile? What would have been wrong with a helicopter from a good hospital!?”
Miles noticed a long length of what appeared to be hemp-based rope tied to a chain that made up the dog’s collar, the end of which had now tumbled down the wash, coming to rest directly behind Miles’ head.
“A poor man’s leash,” thought Miles as he stared at the amazing, colossal creature at the edge of the ravine above him.
Miles thought he might just be able to reach the end of the rope, but he had no idea how that was going to help him. Even if he could coax the dog into pulling on the rope it would only result in pain, not freedom. The Kawasaki had him completely pinned.
“Woof!” repeated Miles’ new canine companion rather insistently.
“You have a plan of action for me?!” yelled Miles at both the dog and sky as he once again made a fist and shook it, his horribly twisted and broken fingers still pointing the way to a proper, secular system of belief.
“I just want you to know God, if this somehow works, if I somehow get out of this, if you are indeed real, then it also means you are a petulant, spoiled child for making me play these games and for putting my wife and daughter through the misery they are currently enduring,” stormed Miles in a rasping whisper.
“Woof!” “Wharf!”  barked the “DoBernard” on the ledge above, seemingly wanting to participate in Miles’ tirade.
Miles craned his head around again to stare at the gigantic dog. Perhaps it was big enough, maybe strong enough, to lift the bike sufficiently for him to use his arms and get out from underneath it. He was tired of the crushing weight of the thing anyway.
“Woof!” barked the DoBernard with a lopsided “smile,” apparently enthusiastic about potentially participating in Miles’ escape plans.
“Fine,” thought Miles. “We’ll make a go of it then.”
Miles felt confident he could tie the rope off to the back wheel of the Kawasaki, the one with pieces of his face still adorning its rear tire as “body art.” The bike would only have to be lifted slightly; it wouldn’t take very much space at all for him to slither out from underneath the thing, although Miles knew there was likely going to be some screaming and crying when it came time for actual motion. A human body that had suffered the type of grievous damage his had undergone wasn’t meant to be moved a whole lot.
Miles assessed his new friend once more. Based on its size, he was pretty sure the beast would be strong enough to drag him from the shallow wash once he was free of the bike. He would just need to fasten the “leash” around his midsection and somehow get the dog to start walking away from the edge. Then he would just have to get the dog to keep walking and dragging him while Miles “steered” him somehow back to the road. If they could make the road, they might actually find some help.
“Wharf! Woof!” came a bark from above as the DoBernard vocalized his enthusiastic backing of Miles’ plan.
“Yeah, great plan my mangy friend,” said Miles cynically as he spoke directly to his new companion.  
“And just how is it that I am going to get you to pull a motorcycle off me and then pull me along through the desert, dragging me all the way back to a road that is at least several miles away?”
Miles rasped out another frustrated groan as he lowered himself back to a prone position on the desert floor and considered his predicament. He hurt, he was thirsty, and he didn’t have much time. Miles knew if he was to get out of the desert alive, he had to act quickly as he was already dangerously dehydrated and was likely to die of exposure if he stayed out in the extreme desert environment much longer.
The wind came up suddenly as Miles was considering his options. The smell of his own burned and charred flesh wafted through his nostrils again. It smelled like someone had turned his side into a barbecued steak.
And then it hit him.
The answer was so obvious.
“No,” thought Miles. “Not that.”
“Woof!” “Wharf!” came the DoBernard’s hungry reply.
“You’re not seriously considering doing that are you?” came a small reproachful voice from the deepest recesses of Miles’ mind. It seemed to come from somewhere near the “Land of Reason” in his thoughts, a location that seemed to have receded far from his conscious mind.
Miles thought of Catherine, of Ashley, and chose to ignore the voice as he gave the thumbs up to the DoBernard above him.
“Woof!” came the enthusiastic agreement from the giant dog.
Miles knew he had his pocket knife with him. He always did.
“Thank you again Boy Scouts,” said Miles sarcastically, knowing that being “prepared” this time was going to be a real-life horror show for him. Still, if he could save Catherine and be with her and Ashley again, then he was willing to be an accomplice to the crime he was about to commit against himself.
“Where there’s a will there is a way,” quipped Miles as he reached into his pocket to retrieve the knife that he knew was there.
As expected, the knife was in its usual place. Miles retrieved it, holding it as firmly as he could in his now shaking hand. He suddenly remembered putting his flask of Beefeater gin in his back pocket before he had started out on his ill-fated ride.
“I think I am going to need a stiff drink before I perform this particular bit of surgery,” thought Miles, grimacing and gritting his teeth against the pain as he shifted a bit to get access to his back pocket. A minute of fishing with his “good” hand and the flask of gin was his.
“Treasure,” thought Miles as he ran his fingers across the intricate patterns on the silver flask, relieved that he could at least disinfect things a bit while also perhaps numbing some of the pain.
Miles reached behind him and yelped a little as searing pain shot through his side. But to his great relief he was able to grab hold of the rope and fasten it securely to the rear of the Kawasaki.
“Ready?” asked Miles of the DoBernard as he craned his head around again to stare directly into the now-ravenous eyes of his new friend.
“Woof! Wharf!” replied the giant, rangy dog, eagerly accepting his mission as he pulled the leash taught against the Kawasaki.
“Here we go,” thought Miles, realizing that he was shaking.
Miles took a long pull from the flask of gin, savoring the taste despite the alcohol lighting his parched mouth and throat on fire and stinging his lips with acidic fury.
“Oh, that’s good,” croaked Miles with a grin.
He unfolded the 5-inch blade of his pocket knife. The blade glinted and shone with juvenile malice in the desert sunlight.
“It looks like it’s smiling with intrigue because it has some piece of secret knowledge,” thought Miles, deciding that the blade had a mischievous streak and wanted to show off just how “keen” it was.
Miles was grateful he had always kept the knife extremely sharp. He had always thought there wasn’t much point in carrying a knife if it wasn’t capable of cutting anything. He would need the knife at its sharpest for what he was about to do.
“Be prepared!” rang the Boy Scout motto in Miles’ head as he grabbed his silver flask with a trembling hand and poured a few ounces of gin first across across the blade of his pocket knife in order disinfect things as best he could and then across the charred wound in his side. He cried out slightly as the alcohol stung the baked flesh along his side. Miles took a deep breath, and screamed in agony as he cut a small piece of cooked, charred flesh from the side of his body.
“Wharf! Woof!” cheered the DoBernard enthusiastically.
“Have to be accurate here,” thought Miles, his breath coming in ragged gasps as a result of the fresh pain in his side. “I don’t want to cut away any more flesh than absolutely necessary. And I certainly don’t want to hit a large vein or artery and develop a bleeder.”
Miles craned his head back and around, trying to pick exactly the right angle. He stuck out his swollen tongue to gauge the wind, and threw. The piece of cooked flesh sailed up into the air, caught a bit of breeze, and landed up and behind the DoBernard above him.
“Three points!” thought Miles with a grin. The charred bit of meat had landed almost exactly where he had intended.
“Woof!” Wharf!” cheered the DoBernard as it pulled hard against its leash in order to retrieve the tasty morsel.
The Kawasaki seemed groan in pain as the DoBernard pulled hard against it, the dog’s feet firing pebbles down the wash as it frantically strained against its leash. The Kawasaki turned out to be no match for a giant DoBernard after a tasty Miles morsel, however, as the bike suddenly shifted hard and flipped over, bouncing and scraping against Miles’ horribly broken leg before almost standing upright.
Miles screamed a grating whisper of pained agony at the eternally uncaring sky.
“Woof! Wharf! Woof!” replied the DoBernard, joining Miles in crying out enthusiastically to the heavens above.
Despite the pain, Miles pushed hard with his arms against the ground – and came clear of the bike before it had a chance to come crashing down on him again as the DoBernard returned to the edge of the wash after having retrieved his yummy treat. Miles craned his head around to look at the dog again. It licked its chops and seemed to smile crazily again as it sat on its haunches at the top of the ravine.
“Glad you enjoyed it,” said Miles.
“Woof!” answered the DoBernard, now wagging its tail enthusiastically, clearly angling for “seconds.”
“I’m coming Catherine,” thought Miles resolutely.
Miles unfastened the leash from the back of the Kawasaki and fitted it around his chest beneath his arms. He tugged on it gently to let the DoBernard know he was ready.
“Woof! Wharf!” barked his new companion as Miles felt the tension on the braided rope tighten around him.
Miles took another pull off his flask of gin, grateful this time that it went down a little more smoothly. He put the flask in his front pocket for safe keeping. He knew he would want it close for this particular journey.
Gritting his teeth so as not to scream so much this time, Miles reached down with his pocket knife and cut another small piece of himself away from his body.
“Gah,” exclaimed Miles intelligently through firmly clenched teeth.
He waited a few seconds for the pain to subside, then threw the small piece of cooked flesh up behind him as far as possible. He watched it really catch some air this time as it sailed well beyond the DoBernard.
“Woof!” “Wharf!” barked the huge dog as it took off hard after its latest treat.
Miles practically flew up the side of the wash, coming to rest in a heap a few yards from the edge. He hadn’t even had time to scream. The pain was too colossal for a mere scream anyway. Had he not been so dehydrated, Miles was sure that tears of pure agony would have streamed from his eyes like rivers of hurt.
Miles felt himself swooning, the sky fading in and out above him as he glanced over at his new-found savior. The DoBernard had already returned from retrieving his treat and was now wagging his tail happily whle snuffling the ground around Miles hungrily, clearly convinced that there had to be more BBQ treats.
“Woof!” heard Miles as he closed his eyes against the pain, and then he heard and saw nothing more as the oblivion he had been seeking finally overtook him.

Chapter 17

Miles awoke to wet kisses.
Really awful-smelling kisses.
“Woof!”
Miles opened his eyes to see the DoBernard looming over him with its usual lopsided grin, its open mouth salivating as it pawed at the dirt and sand next to him as though it wanted to play.
“Or maybe he is just hungry again,” thought Miles, still amazed by the sheer enormity of the odd-looking creature. 
The dog was so large and so strange looking that Miles thought he could easily have passed for some type of offspring from Cerberus, the mythic guardian hound to the gates of hell. Miles considered naming the dog “Cerberus” on the spot, but thought that particular name just didn’t fit somehow.
“Going to have to worry about appropriate monikers later,” thought Miles. He was simply too tired and racked with pain to consider such things currently.
The DoBernard was now nudging him with a wet nose while licking his face, as though trying to encourage Miles to get a move on.
“At least he’s not licking my side and sampling the main course,” thought Miles.
He considered it strange really that the clearly half-starved monster dog hadn’t just eaten him already. It made sense after all that a huge, starving carnivorous dog stranded in the middle of the desert probably would at least try to snack on him a little, especially given that his side looked and smelled like freshly barbecued steak and the DoBernard had already sampled the goods.
“I guess beastly offspring of Cerberus have rules they have to play by as well,” thought Miles as he reached up and scratched the dog behind his collar.
“Woof!” “Wharf!” trumpeted the colossal animal in a rich canine baritone as it accepted and seemed to welcome Miles’ human touch.
Miles looked up at the sky and noticed that the sun had not moved very far to the west since he had flown “DoBernard Express” to get out of the gully.
“Looks like we’ve got plenty of traveling time left yet today,” said Miles as he rubbed the great beast’s chest.
Miles pulled out his flask of gin once more. He was going to need some fiery courage and at least some degree of numbness to begin their quest once more.
“Woof!” came the eager reply from his new companion as the DoBernard walked forward, pulling the leash taught.
“Looks like someone is hungry again,” said Miles as a grim look of determination crossed his face.
“Woof,” came the soft reply as the great beast looked back at Miles with an almost knowing smile.
Miles took a swig of gin, cut, screamed, and threw.
Miles drank, cut, screamed, and threw the rest of the afternoon and into the early evening – until the sky began to darken and the desert air began to cool, the DoBernard pulling him along roughly as it trailed after its treasured treats. Although the movement was agonizing, excruciating really, Miles endured it with grim resolve. He tried to focus on his goal. Find some help so that he could get out of the desert alive, enabling him to perhaps help Catherine.
“Talk about a longshot,” thought Miles sardonically.
“You know how nuts this is, right God,” thought Miles as he stared at the rapidly fading sky above him. 
He cut, threw, and screamed anew – a fresh bout of pain shooting through him as the ground across which he was being dragged became uneven with sharp, embedded stones.
“Agh, stop, please...” rasped Miles as he pulled on the rope leash a little in order to try and reign in his giant companion. He was gagging and retching from the pain and exposure to the desert elements, and his side had begun bleeding anew from a cut he had made that had gone just a little too deep.
“Enough,” thought Miles. “Enough…”
He was on the ragged edge of unconsciousness, and making a mistake while performing BBQ surgery on himself could have dire consequences. He had to stop and get some rest – if only for a little while.
“Woof!” barked Miles’ canine companion as the DoBernard came over and sat down next to him.
Miles was surprised that the dog came in close and took up station almost right on top of him, almost hovering like a protector of some kind. Miles could have sworn he saw some of his own flesh in between a couple of the dog’s teeth as it panted and smiled grandly down at him.
“Like some kind of horror-show cannibal canine nurse,” thought Miles as he fought to control his labored breathing in order to calm himself and allow his body to rest.
“You know, it sure would be nice if you would drag me for at least a little while without me having to pay your fare,” said Miles as he looked at the grinning dog.
The DoBernard cocked his head quizzically as though trying to understand a request as ridiculous as the one Miles had just made.
“Never mind,” said Miles, unrolling his sleeve slightly in order to retrieve a Brunes.
“Woof!”
“No, you cannot have a smoke,” thought Miles. “You’ve already had ‘Miles Meaty Morsels’ all day long, you can’t have any of my cigarettes.”
“Wharf!” came the clearly disappointed reply.
Miles did some quick mental math. He figured the wash where he had crashed was approximately three miles in from the road, and he could throw each little piece of himself approximately 50 feet in front of the dog. At approximately 5,200 feet per mile, he would have to throw approximately 100 pieces of himself in order to travel just one mile. Miles suddenly realized it was going to take approximately three hundred pieces of Miles Body Meat to make it to the road.
Miles was silent for a moment, then spat the cigarette from his mouth as he screamed at the sky in a ragged croak of frustration. The sound was enough to make his DoBernard companion eye him a bit warily.
“Why didn’t I do these calculations earlier?” thought Miles forlornly. They were “small pieces” to be sure, about the size of a regular M&M (not the peanut kind, thank God) but still... 300 pieces of himself…
“Impossible! Absolutely impossible!!!” bayed Miles as he returned temporarily to his recently acquired habit of shaking his fist at the sky, his badly broken fingers punctuating the gesture with a pointing, twisted protest of cosmic injustice.
Miles thought he had perhaps thrown less than 50, although probably more than 30, pieces of himself in front of the dog today. That meant he had traveled a maximum distance of about 2,000 feet – well under half a mile.
“Only two and a half or so miles to go, almost there,” thought Miles cynically as he sucked in a deep breath involuntarily, the result of which was a massive bloom of pain in his ruined side.
Miles growled anew as utter frustration started to set in.
“This is ridiculous!” shouted Miles in yet another rasping croak as he beat the hand without quite so many broken fingers into the dirt and sand of the desert. “There won’t be anything of me left by the time I get there!”
“I have to say, God, I’m not really digging this awesome plan of yours…”
Miles took a slow, deep, calming breath and lit another Brunes. He noted with additional despair that he only had a half dozen or so cigarettes left.
“Being stuck in the desert feeding yourself slowly to a giant beast of a dog is bad enough, but to do so without cigarettes is going to be unbearable,” thought Miles with a wry grin as he sucked in a half lungful of fragrant Turkish smoke.
Miles knew he was going to need some additional assistance if his plan to get out of the desert was going to work. There was simply no way he was going to be able to cut 300 pieces of flesh from his body without likely killing himself in the process.
“Want to help me out again here God?” asked Miles as he gazed up at the stars that were just starting to twinkle as they came into view in an undeniably grand evening sky.
Miles realized absently that he had made the request without his usual cynicism.
“Oh, great,” thought Miles. “Now I’m a true believer.”
Miles sat quietly. Smoking, looking at the stars, and listening. He noticed the DoBernard was looking up at the sky with him, apparently waiting for an answer to Miles’ prayer as well, or perhaps just doing a little stargazing.
“C’mon, God, work with me here,” thought Miles.
Miles blew smoke out his nose and watched it shift in the desert breeze, the shift in the wind bringing a new smell to his broken nose. He saw the DoBernard begin to sample the air as well, trying to target the source and nature of the new aroma. Miles wrinkled his nose, trying to free his nasal passages from some of the swelling. It was definitely a familiar smell, but somehow seemed out of place in the desert. It was a scent that was redolent with weekend mornings with his mother.
“It smells like... breakfast?” thought Miles, bewildered at how the desert could suddenly smell like his mother’s kitchen on a Saturday morning.
But Miles could smell bacon, eggs and hot chocolate on the wind. It was so real, so reminiscent of his Saturday mornings as a boy, that he could almost hear the Bugs Bunny cartoons drifting in from the TV in the living room.
“Woof!” bellowed the DoBernard suddenly, and then Miles was screaming again.
He watched forlornly as his Brunes fell from his open mouth, throwing off orange sparks as it bounced away into the desert night.
“No smoking allowed on intra-desert flights,” thought Miles, clinging to his sense of humor in a somewhat-desperate attempt to remain sane in the face of such incredible pain, the DoBernard pulling him hurriedly across the rough desert floor in search of real food.
The DoBernard began pulling even harder as the smells of frying bacon and eggs became even stronger, creeping through the cool night air like a snaking, grease-scented tendril of unadulterated breakfast fantasy. Miles skidded along whimpering, screaming, and generally begging for mercy as the giant dog dragged him hurriedly toward his pork-laden prize.
Miles realized through the haze of agony that cloaked him, however, that the smell of cooking meant a fire, which created the distinct possibility that there might yet be some help for him.
“Now if I can just get there without dying,” thought Miles as he tried to crane his head back and around to see if he could make out anything in the distance.
In between bounces Miles thought he could perhaps see a slight glow off in the distance. It looked very far away, but he couldn’t tell with any degree of accuracy. It was impossible to even focus his eyes very well while being dragged backwards at a high rate of speed by his beastly companion. The bolts of pain were simply gargantuan, and every time he bounced, he blacked out a little.
Miles focused on the task at hand and stiffened himself to be as “board-like” as possible so that he skidded more effectively through the desert. He tried to distract himself from the agonizing pain he was suffering by gazing at the stars in what should have been a truly magnificent desert sky above him – had its beauty not been clouded by excruciating pain. He looked at the constellations, trying to find Cassiopeia.
“Cassiopeia,” thought Miles as he pictured Catherine smiling in his mind, remembering how Cassiopeia had always been his wife’s favorite constellation in the night sky. She had always been fascinated by the story of the vain queen who had been banished to the heavens by Poseidon.
The stars began to blend and fade for Miles as he gazed upward, and Cassiopeia began to twirl, as girls – even queens – are sometimes wont to do. Miles suddenly felt very sleepy, something the doctor in him knew was not a good sign. The misery he was undergoing was simply too much. He felt his cracked and swollen lips, his sunburned, tire-damaged face, his horribly broken body all screaming in protest, all trying to tell him that they had reached their limit. Miles knew he was near the end. As if to validate his assessment, several cut wounds in his side suddenly opened up and began bleeding profusely.
“I’m sorry Catherine,” breathed Miles as he looked up at the stars and thought about failing his beloved wife, picturing her sitting in the corner of that upstairs bedroom hugging herself, staring at that little patch of hardwood floor while being periodically tormented by miniature demons that had been cooked and basted in an oven until they were very well done.
“Forgive me.”
“Woof!” barked Miles’ DoBernard companion as though trying to get his attention.
Miles suddenly realized that although the stars were still moving slightly, he and the DoBernard were not. They had stopped. He had apparently passed out for the last leg of their journey.
“Thank you God for that not-so-small favor,” thought Miles.
Miles heard the sound of a crackling fire nearby, and he could actually feel the heat from the fire on the side of his severely sunburned face. Despite his frightful condition, the fire felt good to Miles as it chased away some of the physical and emotional cold afflicting him, enfolding him with a warm embrace of pure, unadulterated comfort. The smell of bacon and eggs being pan fried on an open fire suddenly flooded his senses as well.
His stomach rumbled.
“That’s a good sign,” thought Miles as he looked to his right and saw that the DoBernard was sitting next to him, smiling his usual ragged smile.
“Woof! Wharf!” barked the DoBernard as he looked at Miles, agreeing with his standard broken-toothed smile that the bacon, eggs and hot cocoa smelled awfully good.  
Miles saw a face appear above him, a bearded face. Miles almost giggled as a very bright shooting star suddenly blazed into existence in the sky behind the face. It looked to Miles like a kernel of “star popcorn” had reached critical mass and had popped out of the head above him.
“God?” rasped Miles.
“Not unless God is an amateur astronomer who likes to make bacon and eggs in the middle of the desert at night while doing a little stargazing,” laughed the bearded face as it smiled down at Miles.
“Woof!” barked the DoBernard loudly in order to let everyone know that he for one was a huge fan of cooking bacon and eggs in the desert in the middle of the night.
Miles tried to return the bearded face’s smile, but the pain of his facial muscles pulling his cracked and split lips apart made his expression come out as more grimace than smile.
“Need help,” croaked Miles.
“Now there is an understatement if I have ever heard one,” replied the bearded face somewhat solemnly as he stared down at the human wreck that had once been Dr. Miles Trebuchet.
“Then he calls his friends and neighbors together and says, ‘Rejoice with me; I have found my lost sheep’,” said the man with the bearded face, his voice belying traces of genuine compassion and sincere emotion.
Miles wasn’t quite sure what that particular statement meant, but he was grateful for the bearded face regardless, even if he were a bit “quirky.” Broken, dying doctors couldn’t be “choosers” after all.
“Lost sheep or no, from the looks of you I’m thinking you need some serious medical assistance asap,” continued the smiling, hairy face that sprouted shooting stars. 
“Unfortunately, we are stuck out here until morning. My 1966 Ford Falcon Econoline van is not a young enough pup anymore to be carousing about the desert in the midst of a moonless night. We would just end up stuck somewhere – or worse.”
Miles was amazed and fascinated as the bearded man that popped stars from his head now sprouted arms, reaching out for him with a warm, welcoming smile.
“Woof! Wharf!” barked the DoBernard as it stood up quickly and straddled Miles, hunching down and growling lowly in a decidedly menacing manner.
“Doesn’t want to lose his ‘gravy train’,” thought Miles amusedly.
Miles reached up with just about the last ounce of his strength and patted the chest of the DoBernard.
“It’s ok boy,” said Miles with affection and assurance in his voice.
The DoBernard turned to look at Miles in order to see whether or not he was in his right mind to be making such decisions, then stepped aside and sat down, this time a bit closer to Miles. The giant canine looked on warily, but he was apparently willing to let their newfound acquaintance continue in his efforts to assist Miles.
“That’s some dog you got there,” said the bearded face as he lifted Miles easily from the ground. “Not sure I have ever seen a dog or any other kind of creature quite like that before. What does he have to eat to stay that size?”
“You have no idea,” thought Miles as the stars emptied from the sky, a blanket of black oblivion once again enveloping him.
Chapter 18

Miles was happier than the proverbial clam. He was walking hand in hand with his beloved wife along a perfect gravel pathway through a beautiful meadow. A stream meandered along next to them, adding soft, bubbling applause to their lighthearted footsteps. Catherine had lovely little yellow flowers all throughout her hair, and Miles could smell their delicate fragrance as she leaned in close, her rose petal lips brushing against his cheek and ear.
“We love you,” she whispered, her had slipping away from his fingers.
She began to fade, breaking apart and disappearing like the glowing movie screen from the blackness. Miles reached out, but grasped only rapidly fading embers.
“Catherine!” thought Miles as he came awake with a start, his body reminding him with agonizing bolts of pain that rapid movements were likely a bad idea for the foreseeable future.
Miles tried to lie still and calm himself. 
It was just a dream. It had just been a dream…
“I’m coming for you Catherine,” thought Miles, unable to fully control his ragged breathing as he thought about his wife and her potential predicament. 
Miles knew he needed to relax. He couldn’t help anyone if he was a physical and emotional wreck. The fitful awakening and irregular breathing reminded Miles that his entire body was a cocoon of pain – with occasional small areas of blossoming agony. Lying very still for the time being was clearly a prescription he was going to need to fill.
Miles tried to open his eyes, but closed them again almost immediately. The morning sunlight was pouring in through a break in some old curtains above him, stabbing at his pupils relentlessly as though insisting he awake.
“Nag, nag, nag,” said Miles aloud, conversing for a moment with the morning sunlight.
He had a dilly of a headache too, likely a combined result of all the gin he had consumed during his “travels” the previous day along with the repeated bumping of his head as the DoBernard had dragged him roughly across the floor of the desert.
An image of his new friend and giant canine companion suddenly swam into his mind, and Miles wondered where the great beast might be. Incredibly, he suddenly realized that he actually missed the creature. The image of the DoBernard was quickly replaced with one of Catherine first smiling, then dissolving into a profusion of dying embers.
Miles used one of his horribly broken fingers to force his eyelids open.
Once his eyes began to focus, the morning sunlight revealed that he had traveled back in time, apparently to 1967, the infamous “Summer of Love.”
“Um, been there, done that, got the tie-dyed t-shirt,” thought Miles, a little bewildered as he tried to gather his faculties and make sense of his surroundings.
Miles gazed at the paraphernalia around him with no small amount of amazement and at least a modicum of amusement. He was lying on a couch in an old van of some kind – a van straight out of the sixties. There were paisley curtains on the windows, smiley-face stickers on a little mini fridge, and velvet “black-light” posters of Jimi Hendrix and Jefferson Airplane adorning the “walls.” Miles wasn’t surprised in the least to see a ceramic likeness of Scooby and the gang in front of the Mystery Machine sitting on top of the mini fridge.
Still afraid of too much movement, Miles turned his head as gently as possible in order to see the front of the van. He wasn’t particularly surprised to see love beads hanging from the roof, separating the driver’s compartment from the rest of the van. The van, however, was empty. 
Miles was alone.
Ever the physician, Miles started conducting an initial appraisal of his current condition. He was extremely grateful to see that his wounds had been cleaned and field dressed quite adequately. Whoever had helped him clearly had at least some training as a nurse or medical technician, and based on the quality of the bandages that adorned him, they carried a serious emergency first-aid kit with them as well.
“Thank you Boy Scouts of America for fellow ‘Be Prepared’ travelers,” thought Miles with a grin.
Miles saw that a water bottle, deliciously cold with condensation, was sitting on a napkin next to him. His silver flask, which likely still had some of Beefeater’s finest in it, was by the water bottle’s side. He felt a slight twinge of despair, however, as he noticed that his Brunes cigarettes were nowhere to be seen. Miles suddenly realized just how incredibly thirsty he was, his parched esophagus rumbling with its own unique form of hunger.
“Choices, choices,” thought Miles as he looked back and forth between the flask of gin and the icy-cold water.
“We love you,” cooed Catherine in Miles’ ear.
Miles reached out and grasped the cool water. It took only one brief sip to make him realize how incredibly dehydrated he was as he proceeded to empty the entire bottle in one long chug. Overwhelmed, his stomach began cramping almost immediately from the sudden influx of moisture, and Miles groaned as the cramps ravaged his tummy and intestines.
“Note to self. The next time I am dying of exposure and dehydration in the desert while slowly feeding myself to a giant dog, don’t drink water too quickly upon being rescued.”
Miles involuntarily jumped a little, eliciting jousts of agonizing pain, as the door to the van suddenly burst open, flooding the interior of the vehicle with a blinding profusion of desert-morning sunlight.
“Well hallo!” came a booming greeting from the bearded face that Miles recognized from the previous evening.
“Woof!,” barked the DoBernard, joining in on the morning’s greetings and scrabbling quickly over to where Miles was laying in order to take up a position next to him.
“How did you know I was awake?” asked Miles, his voice still rasping and croaking despite the 16 ounces of water he had just consumed.
“Dogzilla there knew,” replied the bearded face with a smile as he jerked a thumb at the DoBernard. “He suddenly quit playing Frisbee and begging me with his eyes for more bacon and began instead to paw at the door to the van.”
“I think he likes you,” said the bearded face with a wink, his tone conspiratorial.
Miles liked that wink. It had wisdom in it. And joy. He found himself liking the man behind the bearded face already.
“Bruce Badeau!” exclaimed the bearded man heartily as he walked over and extended his hand to Miles in greeting.
“Miles Trebuchet,” replied Miles, extending his hand gingerly, two very-broken and twisted fingers on his right hand still pointing the way to the Carnival of Horrors down the way.
“Please don’t be offended Miles, but I am going to have to put off any lengthy conversations with you until later,” continued Bruce Badeau as he gingerly grasped Miles’ injured hand and “shook” it. “You have some very serious injuries, wounds frankly that should have killed you, especially with being dragged through the desert by your monster canine friend here.”
“Wharf!” barked the DoBernard as he cocked his head at Bruce, clearly unsure if he was being complimented or chastised.
 “Based upon your current condition, I think it wise to get you to a good hospital as soon as possible so that we can get you fixed up,” continued Bruce. “Therefore, I am going to skip any further questions or conversation and get this van in gear. If you have any questions for me, feel free to just shout them out as I drive. If you need or want anything, shout that out too. And if you want to sing along to the music, well, I heartily encourage that as well.”
And then the bearded face that sprouted popcorn stars was gone once more as Bruce made his way up to the driver’s seat in the van.
Miles felt breathless as he watched Bruce make his way to the driver’s seat. He inhaled purposefully, his ribs singing with pain as he did so, just to remind himself that he wasn’t dreaming, that this was real. He couldn’t believe he might actually make it out of the desert alive. It seemed so incredible, so impossible. The odds against him making it out of his earlier predicament in a condition that was anywhere near intact had to be somewhere near astronomical.
Miles reached out and lightly touched the DoBernard who had taken up a position by his “bed,” eliciting one of the DoBernard’s signature lopsided grins and an enthusiastic tail wag. As he looked towards the front of the vehicle again he noticed something on the dashboard of the van. Something reminiscently familiar. Something beautiful. It was a small sculpture by Hobson Green. Miles was sure of it. It was a Ferris Wheel with little flags posted on every seat. Miles could see that something, perhaps a couple of children – no, it was two stylistically embracing hearts – were seated in one of the Ferris Wheel’s cars. Miles also noticed there was a large heart adorning the central axis of the wheel. As the van rumbled to life and began to move, Miles could see that the motion of the van activated the Ferris Wheel. As the van bumped along, the wheel turned whimsically. It was magic.
“Only Hobson Green could create something like that,” thought Miles, the artist in him instantly fascinated by the delicate intricacy and incredible design of the piece.
“Who created your sculpture?” called Miles to Bruce over the rumbling of the old Econoline’s engines.
“Some guy named Hobson Green in a town on the Oregon coast named Fern Grove,” replied Bruce. “The piece is called ‘We Love You.’”
Miles just about choked on his still-swollen tongue.
“Godpost,” thought Miles, Ashley’s voice echoing in his mind. “Small everyday occurrences ... will be recognizable markers and guideposts for you.”
Miles remembered clearly Ashley’s primer on determining God’s will. She had explained that for those close to God, for those doing his will, “scales” would essentially drop from their eyes and they would be able to see his plans for them with complete and total clarity. Miles still wasn’t sure he believed all of what his daughter had told him, but he welcomed any and all assistance nonetheless.
“I’ll take all the ‘cheat codes’ available to me in this game,” thought Miles and then caught himself just as he was about to thank God for both the Godpost and for getting him out of the desert alive.
“Maybe later,” thought Miles, anger rising in him again as he thought about the unfairness of his beloved Catherine sitting in that little yellow cottage alone, just staring at that small patch of floor as she hugged herself, occasionally enduring what could only be termed torture.
Miles made a mental note as he watched Bruce’s Ferris Wheel sculpture continue to rotate that he needed to get back to the gully next to The End of The World someday. He needed to retrieve his own angelic sculpture from the handlebars of his Kawasaki. He hoped it would still be there when he returned, that no one would pick it up under the auspices of “finders keepers.” He supposed it unlikely that sightseeing tours got out to The End of The World very often, but still, he felt an incredible emotional attachment to that little piece of worked metal and it made him uneasy to depart the desert without it.
The sounds of “All along the Watchtower” by Jimi Hendrix suddenly filled the van as it rumbled across the desert, forcing Miles out of the emotional morass into which he had been sinking and into a friendlier, happier place.
“Of course, how could it be any other music?” thought Miles, a wry grin etching its way across his cracked lips despite the relentless, steady pain he was enduring from the rhythmic bouncing of the van. “He probably has an 8-track player up there…”
“Woof” barked the DoBernard enthusiastically, all broken teeth and wagging tail as he rocked back and forth with the motion of the van, as though he were grooving to the sounds of Hendrix.
And then Bruce Badeau began singing along, the DoBernard howling off key as he joined in gleefully.
“What a pair,” thought Miles as he mentally rolled his eyes.
“American Idol meets Godzilla,” thought Miles as he listened to the raucous-but-joyful vocals.
“We Love You,” chimed Ashley softly in his ear.
Miles closed his eyes was once again transported to the Land of Nothingness, this time accompanied by the haunting melodies of “All Along the Watchtower.”

Chapter 19

The curtains near Dr. Miles Trebuchet’s bed swayed gently as a manufactured breeze circulated through the room. The wash of air had an efficient crispness to it and carried a faint scent of pharmaceuticals and antiseptic cleaners. Had he been awake, Miles would have immediately recognized the smell from his days as an emergency-room physician in Boston. All hospitals seemed to possess a similar scent.
As the curtains swayed, patches of bright orange and yellow light began to bleed through, forming beams of brilliance that picked up and highlighted the remaining dust particles that the antiseptic environment had failed to conquer. One particular beam of light that appeared more resolute than the others tracked across the room to alight on Miles’ forehead, the dust-sprinkled display painting his face a glowing shade of golden orange. Had the color been available in a can at the local paint store, it would surely have been named something like “Sunrise Redemption.”
“Hey, morning sunlight, you’re beautiful and all, but maybe you could give me a break and just let me rest a little more,” thought Miles as he awoke gradually, his mind and body groaning as he tried to turn his face away from the light. Unable to escape the resolute slice of orange morning, Miles cracked open a single eyelid, only to feel a twinge of cold fear begin to crawl up his spine as he observed his very unfamiliar surroundings.
“Cap’n Miles be eyein’ this here situation with caution mateys,” thought Miles as he pictured himself gazing about the room with a single eyelid unfurled, like a pirate with a permanent patch over an empty socket.
Miles had developed a strategy long ago of reaching out to his sense of humor in frightening and potentially overwhelming situations. It always seemed to help put things in perspective and had proven an effective means of adding a sense of stability to uncomfortable experiences. Miles knew he needed to reach out a little bit now.
 “Arrr!” croaked Miles in his best swashbuckler accent as he quickly realized he was in a hospital bed. 
He could also see he was heavily casted and bandaged.
“This pirate isn’t going to be of much use to his fair lass Catherine in this condition,” thought Miles somewhat despondently as he gave himself the visual once over. 
Current status: not good.
Frankly, he looked awful. 
It was obvious he had been broken up very badly as a result of his crash in the desert and it was going to take a lifetime of healing for him to be restored to even 80% of his former self. At least he wasn’t in severe pain. He ached to be sure, but the stabbing bolts of pain that had made him want to die were no longer present. Likely due to some level of intravenous narcotic, but Miles hoped as well it was also due to at least some level of genuine healing.
Miles realized suddenly that he was thirsty; very, very, thirsty. And this time there was no ice cold bottle of water next to his bed dripping with condensation.
“Where is Bruce Badeau when you need him,” thought Miles with a smile as the faces of his bearded friend and the DoBernard suddenly came to mind. 
Miles wondered how his new-found friends were doing, where they might be. He needed to at least thank both of them. In thinking about the crazy, giant DoBernard, Miles realized he had grown very fond of the strange-looking dog, despite its penchant for barbecued Miles morsels. That dog had saved his life and had literally been the answer to his first real prayer. He found himself missing the giant canine and hoped he would see both the DoBernard and Bruce Badeau again very soon.
The door to his room opened abruptly, interrupting Miles’ thoughts. A young man who looked very much like a doctor quickly followed. He wore a blue dress shirt, a smart pink tie, some navy wool slacks, and a crisp, white coat. And he carried himself with an air of hurried importance as he strode into the room, quickly flipping through the pages of Miles’ chart as he stood at the foot of Miles’ bed.
“Definitely a doctor,” thought Miles, seeing much of himself in the youthful physician.
“Arrr, or perhaps he be a scurvy sea dog who just happens to dress nice,” mused pirate Miles silently.
“Ah, yes, Dr. Trebuchet, the duty nurse said you might be awake,” stated the doctor matter-of-factly.
“Yes, I thought the monitors might have given me away,” rasped Miles. 
“Water?”
“Oh, yes, of course,” the rather young doctor said as he jotted down a quick note to remind himself that Miles needed a drink. He did not, however, actually deliver any water as he continued hurriedly flipping through Miles’ chart.
“Arr, mayhap he really be a salty sea dog after all,” thought Miles with a mental pirate grin.
The young-doctor-who-might-be-a-scurvy-sea-dog then proceeded to provide Miles with the rather inglorious details of his grievous injuries and the state of his overall recovery. Miles favorite part was the “medically induced” coma that he had been in for approximately 2 weeks so that his pain would not be overwhelming and his breathing could be controlled in order to give his ribs a chance to heal. His lungs had apparently taken a beating as well from the breakages in his ribcage.
The young doctor went on and on in nauseating and exacting detail. Miles assumed the young man thought that since Miles was a medical peer, he would want to know every minute detail regarding his injuries and his treatment. Miles would actually have preferred to be spared the details. He was definitely the type of doctor who didn’t make a very good patient, and he was borderline squeamish about undergoing any kind of treatment. Far from reassuring him, the thorough explanation being provided him only served to make him a bit queasy.
He also really didn’t care about the extent of his injuries. He just wanted to get out of the hospital so he could try and help Catherine. He had an art show to put on for God after all, which meant he needed to get out of the hospital as soon as possible so he could get started. He didn’t want Catherine to spend one more minute alone on the floor of that cottage with those creatures occasionally flying in to torment her. He wanted to be with her, to free her.
“You obviously hit your head really hard out in the desert,” thought Miles, amazed and perplexed that he was still even considering giving in to and pursuing his “Ashley visions.”
“Arr matey, beware! This be one crazy pirate!” thought Miles as he turned his attention back to the young doctor who was still talking. 
Miles thought about making him walk the plank, but decided instead to just interrupt the young doctor’s ongoing monologue as politely as possible.
“Excuse me, Doctor?” injected Miles. “When do you think I can go home?”
The young doctor with very nicely styled black hair paused for a moment, seemingly considering Miles’ question as he gazed upward, then launched into a detailed and lengthy discussion about Miles’ treatment options and recovery plan.
“Arr, this one’s walking the plank for sure mateys.”
Miles tried again.
“Doc, sorry to interrupt. Do you think you could just give me the short version and tell me the absolute soonest I can be safely released?”
The stylish young doctor paused again as he gazed off into the distance, his eyes focusing somewhere well beyond the window he was staring at. It looked to Miles as though he was considering Miles’ question with a great deal of reflection.
“At least he’s thorough,” thought Miles as he stared with fascination at the still-considering young doctor.
“I think I will refrain from asking him the meaning of life, however,” mused Miles. “It might take a while to get an answer on that one.”
The young doctor continued to gaze thoughtfully, looking at an invisible something that obviously helped him answer all patient questions with considered precision.
“42 days,” blurted the stylish young doctor suddenly, obviously having meticulously calculated every detail and possible outcome that could affect the timeline for Miles’ recovery before arriving at his impressively exacting answer.
Miles just stared, unable to even come up with any pirate humor for that particular conclusion. He slumped back mentally and physically into his hospital bed, suddenly feeling a lot more like a prisoner than a pirate. He had to get out of the hospital. He had to heal faster. He couldn’t bear the thought of Catherine sitting alone, staring at that patch of hardwood floor for even a single minute more, much less 42 days worth of minutes.
“Is there any way I might be able to reduce that number, Doc?” asked Miles hopefully. “Perhaps I could do some of that recovery at home?”
If he could just get someplace where he could rest, eat right and exercise a little, he would at least be able to get started with his “art show.” Even if he couldn’t move around very well, he could still plan and map out various pieces, which was really how he preferred to work anyway. Most of the work that went into sculpting was in the planning. By the time Miles fired up his torch, he was usually just following a blueprint that he had already drawn up in his mind and sketched out on paper. 
But he wouldn’t be able to do any of that in the hospital. He had always needed an inspirational environment in which to work – pretty much the antithesis of any hospital environment. Being hooked up to multiple machines and eating bad jell-o was definitely not his cup of tea where inspiration was concerned. He needed a place that filled him with peace, someplace inspiring, in order to really get his creative juices flowing. The desert had always been a good fit for him, as had coastal environs whenever he had enjoyed the good fortune to visit the sea. Miles knew that for this particular project, he would need the most inspirational setting possible if he were to try and meet the standards and goals God had set forth for him. An image of the incredible angel with her “We Love You” wings appeared in Miles’ mind, and he was once again awestruck by the majesty and presence of the piece. He was looking forward to creating it.
“So, how about it doc,” queried Miles, “any chance of me getting out of here just a little sooner?”
The stylish young doctor with a knife-edge part in his black hair began massaging his precisely shaven chin and once again gazed upward with a far-away look in his eyes as he began carefully calculating once more.
The entire crew of the pirate ship Miles roared their disapproval this time and began to call for the stylish young doctor to be keel hauled.
“I be with ye lads,” thought Miles as the youthful doctor with the impressive sense of style began to check off variables on his fingers.
“24 days,” concluded the young doctor after some time, his tone suggesting the estimate was his final offer. He then moved in a bit closer to Miles’ bed so that he was close enough for Miles to get occasional whiffs of his very-expensive smelling cologne. The young doctor didn’t say anything more, he just stared down at Miles with a rather defiant “I dare you to challenge that number” look of finality.
“You have serious infections that need the help of carefully administered antibiotics, anti-inflammatories, pain medications, and other treatments to heal properly. Any disruption to your medical treatment at this point could very well prove fatal,” warned the young doctor as he flipped through what looked like scads of notes on Miles’ chart. Miles noticed the young doctor was wearing a height of fashion Tag Heuer watch as well.
“Well, at least he looks great,” thought Miles, smiling to himself a little.
“You also need additional surgeries,” continued the young doctor. “Although those can wait for the time being if necessary.”
“Additional surgeries?” thought Miles. 
He wondered how many he had already undergone.
Miles looked down at his broken leg and remembered how his foot had previously pointed in a grotesquely “wrong” way. His entire leg was in a cast now, and everything at least looked fairly straight again. His previously twisted and broken fingers had been corrected as well. They now sported the very latest in titanium pins to keep them nicely in place. His side was heavily bandaged where his ribs had been broken, and he could see a patchwork of scars already starting to form around the edges of the bandages where his burns had been. He shuddered a bit as he thought what the wounds must still look like underneath the bandages. The right side of his face was bandaged heavily too, likely in response to the beating it had taken from the Kawasaki’s rear tire.
“I’ll give it a week,” thought Miles, knowing antibiotics would either work in that period of time or wouldn’t be of any use at all. Any remaining days past a week or so would merely be insurance against any potentially resistant infections. He was going to have to skip the insurance portion of this plan. He needed to get started with the art show to which he had effectively agreed. He wanted to help Catherine – now. But he wouldn’t be able to do either if he were incapacitated or dead.
The kindly, bearded face of Bruce Badeau and the ragged grin of the DoBernard appeared in Miles’ mind again as he considered staying in the hospital for an additional week. He wondered once more where his new-found friends might be and if they perhaps had already come to visit him.
“Doc,” started Miles, unsure if he wanted to ask any more questions of his young doctor who, although very nice and certainly stylish, was a little slower to respond directly to questions than Miles would have preferred. “Have there been any visitors for me?”
Miles knew there wouldn’t be any family coming to visit him, after his loss of Catherine and Ashley he no longer had any. He had been an only child, and both of his parents had passed away more than 20 years ago – first his mother from cancer and his father soon after from despair and a heart attack after losing the only woman he had ever loved. Like his father before him, Miles’ wife and daughter – his family – were everything to him. Catherine and Ashley were simply his world.
“A woman came by,” replied the young doctor, surprising Miles with the uncharacteristic speed of his reply, his voice thankfully pulling Miles back from the edge of despair he had just about been ready to leap from as he reminisced about his wife and daughter.
“She had short, closely cropped brown hair, wore very ‘sensible’ shoes as I recall, and she strode through the hospital like she owned the place,” commented the young doctor.
“Linda,” thought Miles, remembering his long-time assistant from the clinic. 
It had really only been a few months since he had stopped working at the clinic, but somehow it now seemed like a lifetime ago. It almost felt to Miles like he had somehow been reincarnated and not only the clinic, but also his entire previous existence as a doctor and medical researcher, had been some sort of past life. It was a life to which he no longer felt connected except through spotty, abstract memories. Although Miles appreciated Linda coming by the hospital to look in on him, he really had no desire to see her or re-engage with that past life. He had a new life now, and an urgent mission. Miles knew his former life at the clinic was over, for good.
“How about a man with a beard and a giant dog?” asked Miles, cringing a little as the words came out, realizing at the last moment how crazy his question probably sounded.
“At least I left out the part about Bruce being able to sprout shooting stars from his head,” thought Miles.
The young doctor’s eyes seemed to lose focus once more as he once again began caressing his chin as he carefully considered Miles’ inquiry.
Miles sat fascinated as he watched the young doctor get lost in himself once more, seemingly meditating upon every nuance of the question he had been asked. It was a rather interesting, almost amusing, personality trait. It looked to Miles like the young doctor had a habit of treating questions like a world-class meal. He would sample each one, taking his time to mull it over thoroughly and learn its secrets, tenderizing it until it was moist and savory enough to deserve an answer.
Miles’ pirate crew wasn’t quite as understanding about the long delay in the conversation, though, and they once again began calling for blood.
“Nope, no man with a beard and a giant dog in to see you that I have heard about,” replied the young doctor seriously after many moments of thoughtful and careful consideration.
He had obviously not been put off by Miles’ question in the least and had found nothing strange about the query. Miles surmised that the fledgling doctor had already been asked far stranger questions during his budding career. Miles certainly had experienced some very odd questions during his years as a medical professional. He was glad that his query had obviously been one of the lesser varieties of “bonkers questions” that the young doctor had been asked to field.
“Having the hospital shrink called in to ‘help’ me is all I need right now,” thought Miles.
“Get some rest Dr. Trebuchet. I will be in periodically to check on you. Ring the nurse’s station if you require any immediate assistance,” stated the stylish young doctor as he spun on the heel of his polished black dress shoes and exited the room with a hurried style that could only be termed “flamboyant briskness.”
“He really should be on ‘Dancing with the Stars’,” thought Miles as he realized he had forgotten to ask again about obtaining some water to try and help satiate his rampant thirst.
Miles turned his head gingerly to see if he could locate the mechanism to call a nurse on the little table next to his bed. He was more than a little surprised to discover a “present” instead. The present had been wrapped with the comics page from a newspaper, and it sported a “bow” made from silver gum wrappers. Miles reached out with his good hand and brought the small gift to himself. It looked like a book of some sort perhaps. It was certainly heavy enough to be a good sized tome. Miles noticed there was a note on top of the package.
“Thought you might find some comfort in this,” said the little slip of paper. And then it was simply signed “Bruce” with a line under his name and three “stars” on top of the line.


There was a “p.s.” on the note as well, and Miles, despite his still-painfully cracked lips, smiled grandly when he read it.
“We’re playing Frisbee and getting Dogzilla caught up on meals. We’ll be back to come and get you when you’re ready.”
Miles smiled again as he thought about being reunited with his new friends. He didn’t really know why he felt so strongly about Bruce and the DoBernard. If he were to consider things with “human rationality,” he should probably hate a dog that had literally snacked on him. But there was something more, something Miles found difficult to explain. His heart, his entire being was simply connected to Bruce and the DoBernard somehow. It was as though an invisible bond of some sort had been formed between them, a magic strand that stretched to any length so that no matter how physically separated they became, they would always remain connected. It was a connection, a bond of friendship, that in some respects reminded him of love. It couldn’t be coaxed or conjured or demanded, it was just there, and it was at its most powerful when it was unexpected.
Miles opened the package carefully and was surprised to find a very nice, leather-bound Bible inside.
“Bruce Badeau the stargazing, 60s love child who is a fellow scientist hands out Bibles to people?” thought Miles with more than a bit of wonder. 
Not exactly the norm. 
It seemed to Miles that the old saying “can’t judge a book by its cover” was becoming more and more relevant in his life lately – even for himself. He was, after all, about to embark upon a seemingly insane “mission.” He was about to undertake an art show for God in order to try and aid his deceased wife. It was about as bonkers as bonkers could be, and Miles didn’t think he could pull back the veneer from his previous life, from his former “cover,” any further. It was  sea change for him in every sense.
Miles opened the leather-bound Bible to a random section and began reading.
“Psalm 22, The Suffering, Praise and Posterity of the Messiah,” read Miles silently.
“My God, My God, why have You forsaken me?”
Miles stopped reading.
“Don’t I know those words? Aren’t those words from the New Testament that I have read before? Aren’t those the words of Christ as he died on the cross?”
Miles double checked to see where he was exactly in the book. He was in the Psalms of King David, definitely in the Old Testament. Miles flipped ahead to the New Testament, finding the Gospel of Matthew. He turned to the end of Matthew and immediately saw the text he had been seeking.
“Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is, My God, My God, why have You forsaken Me?”
Miles saw that the words were highlighted in red as the words of Christ.
“The exact same words,” thought Miles, “but from different people. First from King David in a prophesy about the coming Messiah, and then from Christ himself.”
It was like a bolt of lightning struck Miles in the logic centers of his brain as he suddenly realized that Christ had not been forsaking his faith as he had died on the cross, as Miles had always assumed. Instead, he had been quoting from another part of the Bible, a portion of the Bible that specifically addressed the future Messiah. Far from losing his faith and deriding his Father for abandoning him, Christ had been pointing out further evidence of his divinity. Miles breathed out slowly as he realized that as he had died, Christ had not lost his faith and had not been angry with God. He had been pointing out further proof of his legitimacy as the Messiah – but only to those who took the time to really read and fully understand.
“Only for those who have faith,” thought Miles.
“For those who have ‘eyes to see and ears to hear’.”
“Who has the intellectual capacity to map out that kind of complex puzzle as they are dying in utter agony,” thought Miles with amazement as he considered Christ in a way he hadn’t previously – as a master intelligence that perhaps he hadn’t taken enough time to try and understand.
Remembering his conversation with Ashley on this topic, Miles suddenly felt somewhat ashamed and more than a little vapid. He recalled many conversations with “believers” where he had utilized Christ’s “forsaken” statement in Matthew in order to try and prove the non-existence of God. After all, how could the “Son of God” suffer a crisis of faith so severe that he would inquire of his “Father” as to why he had forsaken him? Surely the Son of God, the human embodiment of God’s spirit, would know everything and would never doubt his “father” or his own master plan and would thus never cry out about being forsaken.
Miles realized his own colossal ignorance, having never even read the entire Bible, having never taken a God size leap of faith, was the only thing that had led him to believe his argument had any validity and merit. Had he merely educated himself and employed a little more of the scientific method before drawing conclusions, he would have been able to see Christ’s real intentions in making that statement on the cross. After all, as a professed scientist, that’s what he really should have been doing.
“A tough pill to swallow for a medical doctor and supposed man of science like me,” thought Miles, feeling more than a little guilty at the extent of his previous intellectual laziness. He felt particularly ashamed as he again remembered trying to use his rather sophomoric arguments on Ashley.
“I now know why she looked at me the way a parent looks at a child when the child attempts to make definitive statements about life,” thought Miles, tears starting to form in his eyes as he remembered his beautiful daughter and her incredible wisdom. 
Miles realized how right his daughter had been when she had rebuffed his intellectually immature arguments, informing him that the answers to his questions weren’t hard to find, but he would need to find them for himself in order for them to be meaningful.
“Why didn’t I see this before?” thought Miles.
“You shall be given eyes to see and ears to hear...” echoed Ashley’s voice once more.
“Thank you daughter,” thought Miles.
Miles pushed the button to call the nurse’s station. He was going to need some water if he was going to do some biblical exploring. He found himself curious to see what other knowledge and mysteries might be revealed to him. He turned to page one of the Bible that Bruce Badeau had kindly provided and began to read.

Chapter 20

Miles spent the next seven days resting, recuperating and reading. He found the Bible Bruce had given him to be far more interesting than he would have previously thought. The peaceful introspection it provided also seemed to be helping him heal. His wounds had been catastrophic and nearly fatal, but he was definitely on the mend. His stylish young doctor and the entire medical staff at the hospital commented almost daily upon how utterly amazed they were with his progress. He was healing fast.
Miles had a wheelchair by his bed now, and he was capable of getting himself in and out of the annoying contraption in order to perform simple daily chores like bathroom duties, retrieving a glass of water (he couldn’t seem to get enough water since his time in the desert), or heading down to the cafeteria for a bite to eat. Such “common” activities, duties that Miles would probably have considered “daily drudgery” previously, were now a joy for him to tackle and accomplish. It was a huge cliché, but it was also true – his accident had given him a new lease and a fresh outlook on life, and he was enjoying every moment of it.
Although he was gaining strength daily, Miles still couldn’t quite manage crutches. His severely broken fingers prevented him from grasping crutches effectively. The pins in his hands made it hard to curl them to any significant degree and they continued to cause him a great deal of pain if he put too much pressure on them. 
Miles really felt in his heart, however, that his current goal of being able to get around without his chair, with just the assistance of crutches, perhaps even just a cane, was likely attainable. His fingers were hurting less every day and he was rapidly gaining strength in his arms as a result of wheeling himself around the hospital most of the day. He was pretty sure that if he could manage the crutches, then it was likely he would ultimately be able to attain his final goal of being able to get around with just a cane. He would need to be at least that ambulatory in order to effectively sculpt. And it wasn’t just sculpting he was being asked to do. He had a “show” to put on, one that would likely attract millions of people, both in person and via the media. It was pretty clear that if God had a message for the world, he would want it distributed to as wide an audience as possible, and Miles agreed with God on at least one thing: “We Love You” was an important message for the world. But Miles wasn’t going to be doing any public displays or shows of any kind if he couldn’t get around a little better.
Miles had already begun planning his art show for God. He had started sketching some ideas for the colossal Angel sculpture, wanting to map out some initial designs and maybe do some prep work before actually starting on the piece in earnest once his recovery was further along.
There was just one problem. Somehow, Miles was positive that the “We Love You” Angel he had seen deployed atop his Phoenix clinic in his “vision” was not in his immediate future. It felt like he had something else to do first. As though perhaps the Angel wasn’t intended to be his first sculpture. He hadn’t received any concrete instructions or guidance to the contrary, but to begin the “show” with the Angel just seemed wrong somehow. It felt to Miles like God had other plans. He hoped fervently, however, that God would reveal his master plan soon. Miles wanted to get started with whatever he was supposed to do to help Catherine. He wanted to get on with the “show.”
Images of Catherine sitting on her little patch of hardwood floor suddenly assailed Miles’ mind. He tried not to think about his wife and her potential predicament. But sometimes the mind has a mind of its own and he would find himself involuntarily afflicted with mental glimpses of his wife alone, frightened, lost…
“Please God, if you’re real, if this is real, please, please help me heal quickly,” prayed Miles earnestly for the second time in his life.
Miles didn’t expect an immediate reply. He was learning patience was often required where God was concerned. He flipped on the TV to try and distract himself, something he knew from experience wouldn’t really help very much. He had tried to watch a little news once a while during his hospital stay. After all, he still wanted to try and stay connected to the world in which he lived. But he found the world had lost much of its previous appeal.  It was the same old place he had known his whole life, and he inevitably found himself drawn back to the book Bruce had given him. 
Miles found it odd and more than a little surprising that he should feel this way. The Bible previously had been almost anathema to him. Now it seemed to somehow be filled with secret wisdom, as though he would previously have been incapable of understanding it even if he had taken the time necessary to truly study it. The book was unlocking mysteries for him that any scientist, during any fit of real intellectual honesty, would have to admit were at the very least, fascinating.
Ashley’s words to him kept echoing in his head, “... eyes to see and ears to hear, daddy.”
Miles found himself particularly intrigued with the prophets, especially Isaiah and Daniel. He had even given the DoBernard a new name as a result of reading a passage from Isaiah that explained the meaning of the name “Immanuel” and how it would be given to the savior foretold in the Old Testament.
“God with Us,” thought Miles as he considered the meaning of the name.
Miles could think of no more appropriate moniker for the DoBernard. The giant canine had appeared as a direct result of his then-somewhat-cynical and barely heartfelt prayers and had proceeded to save his life. More importantly, that dog had given him the opportunity to perhaps help his beloved wife and possibly reunite his family. He had asked God for help, and God had sent him the DoBernard. To Miles, that dog represented God with him. His name would be “Immanuel” when Miles saw him again. Miles hoped that would be very soon and that when he did see his colossal canine friend again he would be accompanied by Bruce Badeau. Miles was actually somewhat surprised that Bruce had not come to visit him yet. He assumed, however, that Bruce had his reasons and would show up with Immanuel when the time was right.
“No,” thought Miles. “I don’t have to assume anymore. Somehow I know that I will be seeing Bruce and the DoBernard again in the not too distant future.”
The feeling that things would work out as they were supposed to, almost knowing how events were going to turn out, was not only new for Miles, it was a little bit eerie. It was as though he were suddenly able to pull back the veil of the fates and see the universe’s plan for his life, for everything, with complete clarity. It really was as though some new presence was now walking with him, helping him to learn the hidden mysteries of the universe as it introduced him to a real brave new world.
“The Paraclete,” thought Miles, remembering his favorite name for the Holy Spirit from Bruce’s Bible. “The spirit of God that Christ promised to all who asked for it in their lives.”
Miles thought he might have a little of that spirit living with him and within him now.
“Perhaps this knowledge and these feelings are what leads one to have faith that is complete and unquestioning?” thought Miles seriously. 
Faith was not something he had ever considered before as even a remote possibility for himself. It simply had not been tangible enough, certainly not “scientific” enough.
“More like something to deride and ridicule at conferences and cocktail parties when discussing the ‘less enlightened’ in our society,” thought Miles, feeling more than a little guilty and hypocritical at his previous thoughts and actions regarding a force that he now found had enough merit to at least warrant further consideration and study.
 And although faith still remained an elusive target of intellectual analysis for Miles due to its innately intangible nature, his newfound capacity for wisdom and discernment seemed to be very real nonetheless, something he found rather exciting. He thought perhaps the “Godposts” he had been getting were concrete indicators, maybe even proof, of his new-found ability to commune with God and know God’s plans for his life. He knew there was no way he would have noticed most of these “signs” a few months ago for what they were if something very real hadn’t changed inside of him. Miles considered how these “signs” or “Godposts” weren’t exactly measurable entities, but still seemed to materialize and display an accuracy that seemed easily capable of scaling the hard, stone walls which border the lands of “Chance” and “Mere Coincidence.” Miles found himself more than a little enraptured by the possibility that seemingly ethereal concepts could actually manifest themselves in the “real world.”
“Fascinating,” stated Miles flatly in his best impersonation of Mr. Spock from the original “Star Trek” series that he had watched often as a boy.
Miles thought again about the kindness of Bruce Badeau. Along with the DoBernard, Bruce had been a literal “Godsend.” He had provided help and assistance for Miles in his greatest hour of need, without ever asking for anything in return. Miles had been reading his Bible when the thought suddenly struck him that he really needed to return Bruce’s kindness and generosity. Like Immanuel, Bruce had helped put Miles back in a position to help and possibly be reunited with his wife and daughter, and Miles wanted to thank him with a special gift. He glanced over in the corner at the telescope he had ordered for his new friend. He hoped Bruce would like it. 
The telescope was a top-of-the-line unit that Miles had purchased from a local astronomy shop. The shop had helped him pick out just the right telescope and had delivered and set up the device in Miles’ hospital room. They had even tied a large crimson bow around it. Miles hoped Bruce would get to see it soon.
The phone suddenly rang, jarring Miles out of his temporary introspection.
“Dr. Trebuchet! Miles! How are you?!”
Miles smiled grandly as he realized it was Bruce Badeau; he was as instantly likable as ever.
“Godpost,” thought Miles, grinning as he considered the perfect timing of the call.
“Fascinating,” said Mr. Spock once more in Miles’ mind.
“Hi Bruce,” responded Miles with an uncontrollable grin. He was genuinely glad to hear the voice of his new friend.
“Miles, why don’t you head over to the window of your room and look down at the parking lot for a minute?” prompted Bruce.
“Ok, will do Bruce, give me just a moment to get myself into my wheelchair and I’ll be right there,” replied Miles.
“We’ll wait for you,” responded the deep and confident baritone voice of Bruce Badeau.
Miles liked that voice. It was a voice that made you feel safe, loved, that all was right with the world, and if it wasn’t, it soon would be if Bruce had anything to say about it.
“On my way now!” responded Miles with excitement. 
He was absolutely thrilled that Bruce was finally at the hospital.
Miles set the phone back in its cradle and got himself positioned in his wheelchair, then trundled himself over to the left-most picture window in his room. He pulled the curtains completely aside, looked down, and grinned. He could make out Bruce’s sky-blue Ford Econoline van quite easily in the parking lot. It certainly stood out from the much more modern vehicles that surrounded it. Standing next to the van, waving and wagging, were Bruce and Immanuel. Miles could see that the giant dog’s smiling mouth was opening and closing slowly, and he was pretty sure he heard a faint “woof!” carry all the way up to his hospital room.
“Looks like it’s time to go,” thought Miles as the phone in his room started to ring once more.
“Ready to go?” asked Bruce as Miles picked up the receiver.
“Exactly what I was thinking.”
“Bruce, my friend, how did you know that I was ready to go?” asked Miles.
“I didn’t,” replied Bruce. “It was the Dogzilla here. He simply stopped playing Frisbee and chasing rabbits out in the desert this morning and went and sat next to the van. It was just like last time when you were lying in the van injured. He somehow knew you had awakened so he started scratching at the door of the Econoline in order to try and reach you. When I went over and asked him this morning if it was time to head over to the hospital and get you, he belted out a very affirmative sounding ‘woof’, so off we went.”
“I’m glad you’re here my friend, both of you.”
“We’ll be right up.”
“This should be interesting,” thought Miles with a slight grin as he wheeled back over to the big window, watching Bruce and the DoBernard as they strolled across the parking lot toward the building. 
He wasn’t sure how fond hospital staff were going to be about Bruce’s attempt to bring a frighteningly large, somewhat disheveled canine up to Miles’ room. Miles waited for perhaps five minutes at the window to see if Bruce would re-emerge from the hospital with the DoBernard in tow, heading back to the van after having perhaps been turned away by hospital staff leery of Dogzilla roaming their hallways. He was a little surprised, actually, that he didn’t. Instead, Miles suddenly heard cheerful whistling coming down the hall towards his room. He thought it sounded a lot like “I’m Henry the VIII” by Herman’s Hermits.
Miles turned toward his door and once more encountered the friendly smile of the bearded face that sprouted shooting starts as Bruce and Immanuel walked in, filling his room with what felt like all the world’s blessings. Miles smiled widely at both of them in greeting from his seated position near the window.
“Bruce! Immanuel!” exclaimed Miles excitedly as he found his voice.
“You named your dog after God?” asked Bruce with a look of amused bewilderment on his face.
“Only recently, and it’s a long story,” replied Miles with a somewhat-sheepish grin.
“I see,” said Bruce slowly, obviously now somewhat-concerned for the overall state of Miles’ mental and emotional recovery.
“Woof!” came the enthusiastic greeting from the DoBernard as he pulled away from Bruce and ran to Miles, snuffling all about him while furiously wagging his tree-branch-size tail.
“Good to see you too boy,” said Miles as he patted the giant creature.
“How in the world did you manage to get this beast up here without getting tossed out on your ear?” asked Miles incredulously.
Bruce put on a pair of very large, black sunglasses that he had in the front pocket of his old plaid shirt. He then mimed grasping the DoBernard’s collar, while reaching out with his other hand unsteadily in order to feel his way along because of his “blindness.”
“Woof...” barked the DoBernard softly in a conspiratorial tone.
“I see,” laughed Miles.
“What is that!?” Miles heard Bruce exclaim suddenly. 
Miles knew what Bruce had discovered, and he was extremely glad in his heart to hear the excitement in his friend’s voice.
“That, my friend, is a brand, spanking new telescope for you,” answered Miles.
“Groovy,” whispered Bruce in an almost reverent tone as he practically floated over to the device in order to inspect and examine it carefully.
“After all the help you provided me, it was the least I could do Bruce. I hope you like it.”
Bruce looked up from the telescope. His wide smile and “kid in a candy store” expression told Miles that he did indeed like his new toy.
“I have something for you as well,” said Bruce, and he pulled a lump wrapped loosely in a piece of tooled leather from the small day-pack he was carrying.
Miles took the lump and carefully unwrapped the leather around it. It was the Angel sculpture that had been welded to the handlebars of his Kawasaki. Amazingly, it had survived the crash intact and unharmed.
“My Family,” whispered Miles, remembering the name he had given the piece as he felt a tear begin to form at the corner of his eye.
“How did you find this?” asked Miles, his voice catching a bit from the emotion he was feeling.
Bruce just shrugged.
“Once again, it wasn’t me, it was our favorite canine friend. He just started barking at me one day and walking away from our camp out into the desert, so I grabbed some water and my pistol and went hiking with him. We found your bike – very wrecked by the way – with that sculpture on the handlebars. It looked like something you might want back.”
“Yes, it is indeed something I treasure greatly Bruce, thank you so much. Thank you too Immanuel,” said Miles, his voice cracking once more with emotion.
“Godpost,” thought Miles again as he gently placed the sculpture of the two graceful, embracing Angels on the table next to his bed.
“I need to ask another favor Bruce,” said Miles as he looked intently at his new friend. “It’s going to sound a little crazy.”
“Crazier than naming your dog after the son of God, or racing your motorcycle through the desert next to a Grand Canyon-sized gorge while smoking French cigarettes and drinking English gin?” asked Bruce as he smiled and winked at Miles.
“Yes, probably,” said Miles seriously.
“Ask away Miles, I have a feeling I already know what my answer is going to be,” replied Bruce, unsure as to why he felt almost compelled to help a man he barely knew, but willing to go with what he considered to be a God-fomented “compulsion” wherever it took him. As a devoted and dedicated man of God, Bruce Badeau was someone who was used to following the path set forth by his conscience and intuition – even when it didn’t make a whole lot of sense to the supposedly rational side of his being.
Miles had been considering next steps during his far-too-lengthy stay in the hospital. He knew he still needed to rest and recuperate, but he wanted to get started on his art show. Catherine was waiting for him. Ashley was waiting for him. God was waiting for him. He didn’t think he needed much more excuse than that in order to feel a sense of real urgency. He needed to go somewhere that would foster the maximum amount of healing and recuperation possible, he needed to be somewhere where he could be inspired and rejuvenated so that he could clock some long, hard hours.
He needed to be somewhere near the sea.
“I need you to drive me up the Oregon coast, to a town we both know. I need to go back to Fern Grove, Bruce, and I need to stay there a while, and I need you with me, both of you,” stated Miles flatly.
Miles held his breath, afraid to even exhale as he scratched the DoBernard’s head. He desperately needed Bruce’s help, especially in his current condition, yet he also knew how completely crazy his request must sound.
“Ok,” responded Bruce without hesitation. “No problemo mi amigo.”
The two men shook hands gently – neither one knowing exactly what they were doing or where they were going, but both oddly at peace with their decision. Both men knew with total surety that staying together, working together, was somehow the right thing to do.
Miles leaned over slightly in his wheelchair and motioned for Bruce to come closer.
“Just one more problem my friend. I am not due to be officially discharged for at least another week, so I will need some help breaking out of this joint,” explained Miles in a gravelly impersonation of a gangster’s voice.
“I am also going to need bandages, ointments, possibly some antibiotics, and a few other sundry medical supplies, but I can get all that once we’re on the ‘outside’,” winked Miles.
Prescriptions wouldn’t be a problem. As a licensed medical practitioner, Miles could simply write his own prescriptions as necessary if he needed any pain meds, antibiotics or other medications. He was also aware of a really good medical-supply store near his old clinic that would be a great source of crutches, bandages, and other medical supplies they might need before heading up the Oregon coast. He could take care of pretty much everything – except getting out of the hospital. For that, he was going to need some assistance. Given that his stylish young doctor was extremely unlikely to grant him any kind of an early release, Miles knew he was going to have to perform a bit of a hospital jailbreak.
Bruce let Miles know he was in by assuming a conspiratorial stance and returning Miles’ wink while touching the side of his nose with his finger. Miles saw a brief flash of sunlight appear behind Bruce’s head as the curtains parted a bit from another mechanically generated breeze. It reminded Miles of the first time he had seen Bruce and how it had appeared as though shooting stars had been sprouting from his head.
“What’s our plan?” asked Bruce.
Miles hesitated.
“Well…”
“Say no more my friend,” said Bruce confidently. “We’ll just rely on God.”
Bruce then proceeded to take control of Miles’ wheelchair and began wheeling him from the room. Bruce placed the “blind man’s” sunglasses on Miles’ face while Miles grabbed onto Immanuel’s leash harness to help sell the act.
Bruce propelled Miles confidently, providing the appearance of practiced precision and genuine wheelchair aplomb, as he pushed him smartly down the corridor. The escapees all shared a look as they passed the nurse’s station that was currently packed with medical personnel, but amazingly, no one seemed to notice them. It was like everyone was blind to their presence, like they really were invisible. It made Miles feel a bit like a superhero.
And then they were free, Bruce wheeling Miles out of the hospital into the brilliant mid-day sunshine, the warmth upon Miles’ face a heavenly embrace.
“I’m on my way Catherine,” thought Miles.
“Woof!” agreed Immanuel.

Chapter 21

Miles and Bruce sat completely still in Bruce’s sky-blue, vintage 1966 Econoline van. Neither man could speak. Neither man wanted to.
“Woof!” exclaimed Immanuel, breaking the silence for them.
“That is truly an awesome sight,” said Bruce softly, a sense of awe in his voice.
“I couldn’t agree more my friend,” replied Miles, his tone mirroring Bruce’s, indicating his own sense of utter amazement.
It was very early morning along the Oregon coast and most sensible people were still sleeping. Miles and Bruce, on the other hand, were merely taking a breakfast break before continuing on with their journey. They had been driving all night, and the combination of rumbling stomachs and a glorious morning sunrise provided all the justification they needed to take a break and rest a while.
Bruce had parked the van in an ideal viewing location just off the road to observe the sun as it rose majestically above the Pacific Ocean. From their vantage point it looked like a vast, seemingly endless bowl of beautiful blue-green had been poured out before them, a planet-sized peach resting along the edge for flavor. Miles thought it looked like all the majesty the earth could muster was on display as the waves rolled in with gentle eternity, reflections of tangerine-orange and coral-pink painting the interior of the waves with hints of morning glory. He also thought it looked like the biggest, most amazing Caribbean cocktail he had ever seen. 
“A genuinely God-sized drink,” thought Miles with a mental grin.
Miles found the vista laid out before him to be more than beautiful, though. It was downright inspirational.
Miles thought about how much Catherine would enjoy the view and sighed audibly, his wife’s distinctive perfume once again wafting into his nostrils amidst the saltiness of the sea air. It was a “phantom scent” he had been experiencing more and more often lately. Despite the beauty on display before him, the thought of his beloved and how she might be suffering at that very moment made Miles’ stomach knot and tense, his heart beating erratically with every twist of his intestines. He wanted to trust, wanted to have faith that things would work out as intended. But it wasn’t easy. He hadn’t yet found the patience born of peace that people like Bruce Badeau seemed to just carry with them, like they were magicians who had inside information about a secret spell that miraculously imbued inner tranquility. Miles thought he would perhaps like to learn someday how to achieve that kind of inner peace.
“Perhaps it’s merely a side effect of being close to God,” thought Miles as he tossed the rest of his bagel to a grateful Dogzilla sitting just behind them. Twisting intestines were apparently not conducive to a healthy appetite.
“No more frühstück for me today danké,” thought Miles, recalling a breakfast he had once consumed against his better judgment in a German café after a rather rambunctious night spent experiencing the Berlin nightclub scene.
He wasn’t sure why that particular episode should come to mind, but he found his thoughts wandering to and fro more and more often recently. He felt like he was losing focus. In some ways it felt like he was periodically losing his new-found faith as well. In simplest terms, he felt like he was failing Catherine, like he wasn’t working quickly enough, like he wasn’t doing enough to help her. The days were simply passing, and he continued to make essentially no progress on his art show for God. He had no idea how much work or how many tasks were going to be required of him before Catherine would be freed from the afflictions that had descended upon her. Nor did he know what form any eventual help would take. He assumed someone would just go and get her? Maybe speak to her and awaken her somehow? Perhaps Ashley would be sent to assist her? Something else!? He hadn’t really been told anything other than he was supposed to create some radically grand sculptures based on God’s “We Love You” theme and display them publically. There were so many unknowns that Miles found himself feeling like he was drowning in a lake of mystery, flailing away in the murky, cold water while grasping at life-buoying answers in the form of giant bubbles, bubbles that always seemed to be just out of reach or which popped the moment he grabbed onto them.
It was frustrating.
It was maddening.
It was intolerable.
It made Miles want to stomp his feet and just scream.
“Maybe all those experiences with Ashley were just so much ‘hooey’,” thought Miles despondently as he remembered one of his grandmother’s favorite words to describe the implausible. 
“Maybe there isn’t anything more. Perhaps my wife and daughter really are gone forever and I am sick with worry over nothing but my own imagination.”
But he had been there, with Ashley, with Catherine. It had been more than just a vision or dream of some kind. It had been real. He was sure of it. Unfortunately, the experience felt more and more unreal to him with each passing day, as though the passage of time by its very design was intended to lay questioning mists across the top of his memories and his new-found faith, clouding both with uncertainty.
“Are you sure you really saw those things? That you interacted with your dead wife and daughter? Are you positive the connections you are seeing aren’t really just coincidences? Isn’t there some other explanation for all of this, something perhaps a bit more sensible than an omniscient supernatural being? A superhero ‘Spiderman’ God? Really, Miles?” nagged a small, unsettling voice in the back of Miles’ mind.
“God, please provide me with the faith I need to help Catherine,” thought Miles, smiling despite his dour mood at the notion of the great scientist Dr. Miles Trebuchet even considering such an enigmatic, unscientific concept as God and faith, much less praying to and requesting help from an ostensibly omnipotent super being.
Miles looked over at Bruce as he mulled over the idea, the possibility, of being a physician with faith. Like himself, Bruce was a man of logic and science, yet he was also a man of God and a committed devotee of the Christian faith. Miles found himself marveling again at the level of closeness to the “source” that his friend continually exhibited. Bruce seemed to just know things, and he seemed to be at peace in a way that was far more than just physical. Physical manifestations of faith and proximity to God seemed to be a constant state of being for Bruce. It was a state that didn’t wax and wane, that didn’t fade over time. It was like Bruce had been transformed into something greater than just a mere human, something better, almost as though God had become as much a part of him as his beard.
“So what is wrong with me? Why can’t I be more like Bruce?” thought Miles, gazing out at the beauty of the sunrise as it painted the waves and sea spray below in hues of pure magic.
“At least we have made it this far successfully,” thought Miles, forcing himself to take the nearest exit from his mental funk in order to refocus his thoughts and energies on the task at hand.
The two men had made good time in getting all the way from Arizona to Southern Oregon. It had taken them only three days. Bruce had driven while Miles had worked out the details of their trip from the road. The DoBernard had spent his time howling along to the groovy tunes that emanated from Bruce’s car stereo in a continuous stream of 60s love.
Miles thought they made a good team.
“And thank God for the internet,” thought Miles as he considered how difficult planning a trip from the road would have been prior to the advent of the information super-highway.
He had picked up a new laptop computer with a broadband card before leaving Phoenix, which gave him the ability to access the internet from wherever they happened to be. The laptop and internet connection allowed him to research his art project, get information on traffic, find bio-diesel for Bruce’s converted van, and much, much more. He had even rented a small Oregon cottage with an ocean view as they had cruised through the San Francisco Bay Area on day two of their journey. The cottage he had found appeared to be in pretty good shape, had a great yard for Immanuel to play in, and had a fantastically large workshop out in the back that was perfect for their sculpture project. Miles couldn’t wait to start putting the workshop to good use. He had shown some of the pictures of the cottage to Bruce before he had finalized the electronic paperwork and Bruce had whistled his approval.
“Now that looks like a mighty fine place to live and work for a while,” Bruce had said with a smile as he marveled over the fantastic ocean views the cottage afforded. 
There was even a second-story back deck that appeared to have been specifically designed for telescopes and dark nights. Miles had caught Bruce looking wistfully at that deck more than once, an almost lustful gleam in his eye.
Miles thought about how their journey had gotten them where they needed to go – in more ways than one. He and Bruce had talked extensively about their lives, their loves, and their losses. It was clichéd but true that the trip had been a bonding experience for all of them.
Miles had learned that Bruce was a fellow traveler in regard to an innate fascination with all things scientific, had been a lifelong bachelor, and regretted more than anything not marrying his one true love. He had found himself tearing up more than once as Bruce had described the depth of his love for that one special woman, the woman he felt God had made for him. It was a love powerful enough to have made Bruce never want to marry or be with another, and he had kept that vow doggedly throughout all his years.
Miles wasn’t sure he would have believed a few months ago that love stories like Bruce’s were even possible or real. He knew it was true for himself of course, for he felt his love for Catherine with a power and passion he simply could not describe. But it didn’t seem real somehow that other people could actually feel love with that kind of power. It was as though a love that strong, that consuming, was too fantastic and incredible to be genuinely real and could only be something that Miles had created in his own mind, using his own imagination.
“I think you might need to be a little less egocentric regarding the concept of love,” chided Miles’ conscience as he once more considered Bruce’s story.
“The Tale of Wenona” Bruce had called it, referring to his tragic saga of lifelong love and devotion.
Bruce had met Wenona while attending a local community college in South Dakota and had fallen in love with her immediately. It had been a true love-at-first-sight story.
“The prettiest face and eyes I have ever seen,” Bruce had said as he had described Wenona to Miles. “Big, brown eyes and long, black hair that she usually wore in a loose braid that she pulled to the side and over her shoulder.”
“A South Dakota Rapunzel,” Bruce had said, making Miles laugh out loud at the creative description.
Miles had closed his eyes as Bruce spoke about Wenona so that he could picture the Native American girl of Sioux descent. The image that was painted in his mind by Bruce’s words was indeed breathtaking.
“Her name means ‘giving’,” in Sioux Bruce had said. “She was the most perfect soul I have ever known, the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.”
Miles thought it was one of the most tragically romantic stories he had ever heard, especially since Wenona had no idea that Bruce had devoted his life to loving her even after that fateful day he had left her in a fit of self-doubt about his ability to hold a job, be a “real man” and provide a lifetime of happiness for Wenona. Bruce hadn’t wanted to be average for Wenona, he had wanted to be perfect. But his one week away to find decent work in another state had somehow turned into a month, and then a year as bills piled up and his pursuit of a career in science became all-consuming. Sure there had been visits, but Bruce never quite got to the point where he felt worthy of Wenona, had never mustered the courage to ask her to be his wife, and Wenona eventually met someone else closer to home, another testament to the frailty of long-distance relationships. The story should have ended there, most times it would have, except Bruce was different. He still loved Wenona completely, without reservation or qualification – as he would never love another. The same way really that Miles loved Catherine.
Miles didn’t necessarily agree, but Bruce thought it fitting based upon the colossal mistake he had made that he should be alone. No wives, no girlfriends, not even a dog. 
“It’s what I deserve, for my absolute stupidity, for my weakness,” Bruce had said as he had hung his head in an extremely uncharacteristic posture of despair.
It was clear to Miles, though, that Bruce didn’t really wish to be alone. He just didn’t want anyone else other than Wenona. 
She was his everything.
Miles wondered once more where Wenona was currently and whether she might not welcome an update regarding Bruce Badeau.
“Someday in the not-too-distant future I might just have to find Wenona and give her a call,” thought Miles as he came back to the present once more, glancing with compassion at his friend as he munched away on his everything bagel, every bite filling his beard with a few more fresh crumbs, periodically sharing his bounty with Dogzilla who had taken up his usual station behind them.
Miles had also learned during their travels that Bruce was an accomplished astronomer and split time between being a freelance writer and a part-time university lecturer. Bruce had been working on an article for “Amateur Astronomy” magazine when he had met Miles in the desert. Miles remembered how he had spilled a bunch of chocolate raisins he had been eating all over the van’s velvet-covered dashboard as he came upright with shock and surprise when Bruce had told him that the article he had been working on was a historical treatise on the fables of Cassiopeia.
“Catherine’s favorite constellation,” Miles had thought with wonder.
 “Yet another Godpost, just a little note, a reminder, to let me know he is with me,” Miles remembered thinking at the time as he considered the odds against Bruce just happening to be working on a story about Cassiopeia. 
But Miles was past being freaked out by these “coincidences” that kept popping up. Now he was just utterly fascinated by the idea that there might indeed be more to the universe than just the physical, that the amazing and magical could actually happen and be genuinely real.
Still, that little voice was stubborn – and resilient. It didn’t seem to want to stop periodically tapping on the back of his mind.
“Are you sure it isn’t just coincidence and you aren’t merely assigning it more meaning than it actually deserves – simply because you want it to be true?” nagged the little voice of doubt that ostensibly represented the forces of reason.
“Could be,” thought Miles. 
It did seem to him that experiences on the spiritual plane began to fade with prolonged exposure to the “real world,” as though the cares of a physical existence gradually smudged and then erased them over time.
“Maybe it’s all fading because you just imagined it and it never happened,” taunted the voice.
Miles forcefully pushed the little voice and his doubts aside. He wasn’t about to sacrifice the possibility of saving Catherine upon the altar of conventional wisdom. To put it in “World Series of Poker” terms, he was “All In” on this one, regardless of the consequences to his ego or reputation.
Miles had recounted his story and had gone over his plans, such as they were, in detail with Bruce during their time on the road together. Miles went through everything – his past life at the clinic, his love for his beautiful wife and daughter, his encounters with the little girl with flowers in her hair, his cosmic experiences with Ashley in a sometimes fearfully black and often beautiful netherworld, and of course his delivery by Immanuel in the desert. Bruce had listened intently, but had not uttered a single word until Miles had gotten the entire saga out.
“Let me get this straight,” Miles remembered Bruce had intoned seriously when he had finally finished pouring out his story. 
“You’re on a mission from God to rescue your wife who has passed to the other side and is stuck in some sort of emotional prison in a beautiful little cottage somewhere well down the road from heaven? And your daughter, who has also passed, is helping you by appearing in your dreams? And I have the opportunity to assist you with some kind of art show for God that might somehow bring peace to your deceased wife and daughter and maybe even reunite your family?”
Miles had simply nodded, knowing his story sounded absolutely bonkers.
“Or, I can just go back to stargazing in the desert and let you continue with this rather crazy sounding ‘mission’ on your own, without any assistance from me. Does that pretty much sum it up?” Bruce had asked.
Miles had simply nodded again, his eyes thanking Bruce for taking him seriously and not making fun of him, even in the face of such a crazy-sounding story. Bruce’s voice had held the same compassion and friendliness it always displayed, even when faced with a story that was nuttier than a Snicker’s bar, and for that, Miles would be eternally grateful. Miles had looked at Bruce as calmly as possible, but his hear was racing, and he knew his eyes betrayed him. He needed Bruce’s help desperately, but even more than that, he wanted him as a friend. It was his fervent hope that Bruce would not deem him completely bonkers and would want to join him on his quest. 
Bruce had paused for a moment, scratching his beard with his eyes cast upward, looking just a bit like Miles’ stylish young doctor from the hospital as he considered his options. Miles remembered cringing a little as he prepared himself for a less-than-positive response.
Then Bruce had simply looked Miles directly in the eye and had said “Ok, I’m in,” and had proceeded to smile that big, reassuring “Bruce smile” which always seemed to say to the world that everything was going to be just fine.
Miles had been overjoyed with Bruce’s response, and to celebrate he had spilled even more chocolate raisins by raising a triumphant fist in the air. Luckily, the DoBernard had been more than happy to assist with cleaning up that particular celebration.
Miles gazed at Bruce and the ocean below them once more as he thought about Bruce’s ready acceptance of his rather crazy “mission.” Miles was simply amazed that Bruce could make potentially life-altering decisions without pause, seemingly with complete comfort and assuredness.
“It’s as though his faith gives him wisdom, discernment, and surety of thought and action that ‘normal’ people simply don’t possess,” thought Miles with fascination.
“Bruce, can I ask you a question?” queried Miles.
“Sure, anything Miles,” answered Bruce, now munching on sesame bagel bites smothered in peanut butter as he took in the splendor of the  ocean sunrise.
“Well, I’ve been thinking a lot, about a great many things, and I want to ask you something. Like myself, you are a man of science, and as you know God is not a core component of most scientists’ belief systems. Yet you not only believe in God, something I could probably reconcile in my scientist’s soul from a traditional deist’s perspective – especially given the current vista before us – but you go even further. You not only believe that God created man, this beautiful world, and the entire universe, but you’re also a devoted and devout Christian, which means you believe that God didn’t just throw some seeds out into the universe so they could evolve, you believe he is with us, that he is intimately involved with our lives, right now, right here, everywhere.”
“That I do,” chuckled Bruce, a stray sesame seed falling free from his bagel, coming to rest in his beard. 
Miles stared in amazement as the seed appeared to find comfort amidst the quilt of whiskers, seemingly settling in for some much-needed rest.
Miles paused. He wanted to explore these ideas and concepts with his friend, but he also wanted to be careful. He didn’t want to come across as a patronizing know it all, a condition he knew he still suffered from occasionally, and he had absolutely no desire to hurt Bruce’s feelings.
“So my question,” asked Miles forging ahead somewhat cautiously, “is how do you reconcile faith and your belief in an omnipotent, omniscient, omni-present God with the tenets of science? And perhaps even more important, why is Christianity your faith of choice?”
Bruce continued to look out at the spectacular ocean vista before them as he put down his bagel and began stroking his beard, his face taking on a somewhat faraway look and a considered expression of earnest thoughtfulness. Miles gazed in wonder at the coral hues of sea-reflected sunlight illuminating the driver’s side window and Bruce’s face with pastel morning fire and thought his friend seemed at that moment to almost personify wisdom.
“A Solomon for our time,” thought Miles.
“I can’t speak for everyone Miles, and I would never want to presume to do so,” replied Bruce. “But I can tell you what led me to God and then to Christ.”
“Please do,” encouraged Miles.
“To put it in simplest terms, it was science.”
“Science led you to God and Christ?!” exclaimed Miles incredulously.
Bruce nodded his head slowly, clearly still gathering his thoughts in order to provide Miles with a cohesive, sensible answer for a topic that was often anything but.
“As a scientist, I applied the scientific method. I used research, observation, analysis, hypotheses, testing, logic, and reason to reach my eventual conclusion that there is a master intelligence and power in the universe, a creator or ‘God’ if you will, and Christ was his physical embodiment. God came to earth as Christ to experience life as a human first hand, and to forever take away our sins that we might be spiritually clean enough to at least be in the vicinity of our Father. Christ is our bridge back to God.”
“But let’s start with ‘Why God?’, then we’ll explore ‘Why Christ’.”
“Look around us, right now,” continued Bruce thoughtfully. “There is zero statistical likelihood that all this was created by random chance and chaos. We can observe our natural world and see that nothing complex and beautiful happens merely by chance. If we threw a bunch of nails and wood in a field, it would never turn into a beautiful home. Not in a single year. Not in 1,000 years. Not in a million years. Not ever. The nails and wood would merely decay back into simpler forms. It takes a builder with a plan, a designer if you will, to create and form complex structures. Complex forms and outcomes do not happen by chance.”
“Mainstream scientists argue that the complexity of the natural world – everything from flowers to whales to DNA – happened as a result of both chance and natural selection. They hold out natural selection as an ‘intelligent’ catalyst in the process. In their view, natural selection somehow introduces intelligence into the equation such that random chance is no longer solely responsible for creating complex living structures. It is a combination of random chance based on periodic mutations and natural selection. In admitting this, however, they agree that chance alone is not sufficient for creating life, which is exactly the same argument that folks like me posit. In other words, natural selection is the God of mainstream science. So mainstream science and Christian theologians both agree that it takes more than random chance to come up with complex living organism like man, they just disagree on the catalytic agent. Christians say God, mainstream science says natural selection.”
Miles found himself listening intently to Bruce’s words. They seemed beyond wise, as though they were almost imbued with power.
“To determine who’s right,” continued Bruce, “we need to look further at the process of natural selection. That process essentially says that all living organisms, including atoms, molecules, cells, and other ‘component’ structures that form the building blocks of life possess an innate need to exist, a desire to live. They will strive to continue their existence and in doing so, will make choices that allow them to do so for the greatest length of time. This behavior would seem to suggest intelligence at an atomic and molecular level, for how else could an atom or a molecule or a single-celled organism like a paramecium “select” the best path for continued existence. What would make a non-sentient, non-conscious single-cell amoeba care about living a long and fruitful life? Does an amoeba or paramecium have the intellectual capacity to contemplate life and death? Of course not, yet science would say that same paramecium somehow knows to strive for further existence through a process called natural selection. It is as though the building blocks that make up all life are pre-programmed to behave in a certain way. And if there is a program, there has to be a programmer. And that’s where Christian scientists arrive at the conclusion that there has to be a God. In simplest terms, God has pre-programmed the elements of life to behave in a way that is right and best for them. This is how animals know to care for their young, how fish know they belong in the sea. Why don’t all the fish just jump out of the ocean onto the land? Because they would die? What does a fish care about life and death? Is a fish capable of contemplating such things? Hardly. Yet a fish clearly does care about its continued existence, thus that desire to live has to be an innate part of the fish, put there by its genetic code. The fact that a fish and all other living organisms that are non-sentient strive to live is proof that there is a programmer, that there is a God.”
“To go back to our example of the nails and wood, for a moment… Alone, on their own, the nails and wood will amount to nothing. But take a contractor with the requisite knowledge, a set of blueprints, and the proper tools and put him in that field and ‘voila!’ we have an instant home for a family. And how much more amazing would it be if we created “smart” nails and wood that were capable of self-assembly based upon blueprints that had been programmed into them. Not only has God designed and created every element in the universe, he has programmed them to do his bidding. This level of incredible, miraculous design simply is not a possible outcome of universal randomness or chance. The simple truth is that to believe in God, we merely have to believe our own eyes as we look at the natural world around us. Nothing so amazingly beautiful and complex could have arisen by chance.”
“And here’s the punch line that puts all this into perspective,” said Bruce softly with a wink.
“Even if the creation of life could be attributed to chance, the desire to live cannot be, thus natural selection at its core is not so much a denial of the divine as it is yet more proof of God’s existence.”
“We all serve God, whether we wish to or not,” continued Bruce.
“As it says in the Bible, every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess…”
Miles found himself nodded, agreeing with Bruce’s statements while marveling at his friend’s rather unique view of the universe.
“So to just quickly reiterate and sum up,” continued Bruce. “If we take our observations of the natural world and apply them to the idea that primitive building blocks – ‘nails’ and ‘wood’ for lack of better terms – somehow transformed on their own over hundreds of millions of years into all the myriad forms of ultra-complex life that we can observe around us – without a plan, without a designer, merely by chance – we can see clearly that the idea of randomness creating anything other than a mess is pure folly. To say that random chaos created intricate order is an unscientific conclusion with ‘mucho gusto’. It’s a leap of ‘faith’ really, one which rivals other unscientific greats like the flat-earth doctrine, the canals on mars, and blood-letting to solve medical problems. In my opinion, the finding that there is no God is the ultimate in voluntary blindness. It is born out of peer-driven consensus, not science, and it reeks of far more dogmatism than any official ‘religion’ could ever hope to muster. It is the scientific version of mob rule.”
Miles wondered absently if it would be a good time to close his mouth since it was now hanging open.
“So if it wasn’t random chance or unplanned chaos that created all this,” continued Bruce as he gestured towards the gently rolling sea below them, then it had to be something – or someone – else. Thus we can say with utter certainty that there is a ‘God’, if God is our term for that ‘something else’. This is the simple conclusion that our scientific observations of the natural world demand, a conclusion that is consistent with our favorite scientific shaving device – Occam’s Razor. God is simply the simplest answer.”
Miles chuckled a little at his friend’s use of one of his favorite scientific axioms, especially given the context.
“So that takes care of God. He exists. He is real, no matter how much some of us want him not to be because we aren’t particularly fond of his rules,” continued Bruce, still stroking his beard thoughtfully, his eyes flashing with wisdom as he glanced periodically out across the sea at the salt-laden dawn.
Miles sat silently, deep in thought, his bad leg throbbing a little from sitting too long in the van, reminding him of his human frailty, his mortality. Bruce wasn’t saying anything in particular that he hadn’t considered before, but he was saying it in a way that made Miles feel the power of it, the truth of it.
“I can’t believe I am saying this Bruce,” intoned Miles quietly but steadily as he gazed out across the Pacific Ocean, “but I think I agree with you - completely. There is a God. There has to be. This world, this entire universe, is a physical testament to his existence, his reality.”
“But what we have proven scientifically up to this point is only that there must be a higher intelligence, a designer, a creator – a God. We have not proven that Christ was real or that Christianity is deserving of our dedication. Christ’s message of peace, love, forgiveness and grace might be worthy moral tenets, but where is the empirical evidence for Christ himself? Where is the science of Jesus?” asked Miles.
“Jesus is not so much empirical, as he is experiential,” replied Bruce seriously.
“In terms of his existence, we could look to the New Testament for collaborative historical records that when compared with mainstream historical records, modern archeologists, biblical scholars, and others would provide compelling proof. Regarding his divinity, we could look at hundreds of Biblical prophesies he fulfilled, and we could look at his miracles – turning water into wine, walking on water, commanding the elements, healing the sick, raising the dead – as proof of his divinity. There are many, many tangible, worldly testimonies concerning the miraculous nature of Christ. But to really know that Jesus is real, that he still lives, one must experience him. Jesus is a bit of a Catch-22 I’m afraid. He won’t let you know just how real he is, how much power and love he has for you, until you already believe in him.”
“Speaking for myself,” continued Bruce, “I think there is extremely strong evidence to support both Christ’s historical reality and spiritual divinity. But even if there weren’t, I would still be a follower. He walked his talk and gave the world only peace and love and grace and healing, even when treated brutally by the world he served and loved. Those are the principles in life that I want to pursue as well, thus Christ is my guy, simple as that. The simple truth is that I chose Christianity because no other religion offers Jesus, and once I gave myself to God completely, the Holy Spirit assured me my decision had been the right one.”
Miles found himself carefully considering Bruce’s statements. His friend’s logic and reasoning were sound. Compelling. And he was more than a little surprised to feel something new pressing up against his heart. 
It felt like yearning.
“And what I also find really interesting,” continued Bruce, “is the more I follow Christ with faith and grace in my heart, living as best I can by his commandments – to love God and love our neighbors – the more he seems to be with me and the more I seem to be in tune with not only this world, but with the universe as a whole. There is a peace in God and Christ that can only be felt through union with the Holy Spirit. It’s a peace that cannot be described by even the most talented story teller. It must be experienced personally to be believed. But to be experienced, the mustard seed of faith with which we are all born must be watered so that it can germinate and grow within us. And that’s what really makes faith the genesis of the entire process. To receive Christ, we need to step out in faith and ask him to come into our hearts, to be one with our lives. Jesus is never going to force himself upon anyone.”
“Christ is the ultimate choice.”
Miles found himself nodding.
“Bruce, do you think it’s too late for my wife? Can I still help her?” blurted Miles suddenly, unsure as to why that particular question had come to mind so forcefully.
Bruce stroked his beard thoughtfully, carefully considering Miles’ question.
“Catholics believe in intercession, that it’s not too late for anyone, save for those who are eternally damned at the time of their death. From what you have told me about your dreams and visions concerning your wife, I think there is a high likelihood that she might be in some kind of purgatory. In my view, purgatory is a place where good souls who haven’t yet been fully introduced to Christ go until such time as they can be redeemed. It’s for those who haven’t yet fully bridged the gap between God and man through Jesus. It’s a place of love and redemption, but also a place that, for many, holds chastisement and fear.”
Bruce turned towards Miles, his face serious.
“Miles, let me ask you a difficult question. If you could be with your wife in purgatory, a place that might not be very nice or pretty in many ways, a place that might actually be very frightening, a place that could even be dangerous to your mortal soul, would you be willing to go there to be with your wife?”
“Yes,” responded Miles solemnly, without hesitation.
“Then I think we better get God’s Holy Spirit on your side, my friend. He’s known as the Paraclete, and I think you’re going to need him.”
Miles wasn’t sure what Bruce meant by that particular statement, but he was drawn by the notion that God could live within him, and that with God’s assistance he might yet be able to help Catherine.
Bruce peered deeply into Miles eyes, his gaze holding such earnestness and compassion that Miles felt slightly embarrassed and wondered if he ought to perhaps drop his eyes or turn away. Yet somehow, he couldn’t. He didn’t want to, not anymore.
“How about you join me on my quest Miles, now that I have joined you on yours?” asked Bruce with a sparkle in his eye that looked to Miles to be more of a super nova than a twinkle.
“I think I’m ready my friend,” replied Miles earnestly, the look in his friend’s eyes washing across his soul like a wave of truth.
Bruce smiled one of his peaceful, cosmically inspired grins, tossed another sesame bagel bite to the ever-grateful DoBernard and fired up the van’s engine.
Ten minutes later Bruce had Miles in his arms out in the surf of the Pacific Ocean, the DoBernard padding in a circle in the wet sand around them.
“I can’t believe I am doing this,” thought Miles, “that I really want to do this. My scientific brethren definitely would not approve.”
“Miles, do you accept the truth of the Trinity? The Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit?” asked Bruce solemnly. “Do you believe Jesus Christ was the son of God, that he was the embodiment of God himself, and that he came to earth to experience life as man, to understand our trials and tribulations, to face death as one of us, and in so doing redeem us all from our sins that we might be one with the Father again and have eternal life in our Father’s glorious kingdom of Heaven?”
“Being baptized is definitely cool,” thought Miles. “This experience alone is reason enough to come to Christ.”
“Bruce, my friend,” replied Miles. “I do.”
“Then in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, I baptize you into the body of Christ, the holy catholic church. “The mustard seed of Holy Spirit that is within us all is now free to germinate fully within you. Your name, Miles Trebuchet, is now written in the Book of Life.”
 “Please God, let your Paraclete, your Holy Ghost, live within me, let it guide me. Give me the strength and wisdom I need to help Catherine,” thought Miles as Bruce dunked him briefly beneath the rolling waves of the Pacific Ocean. 
“How do you feel now that you have eternal life?” asked Bruce with a grin as he brought Miles to the surface.
“Cold. And redeemed, and strangely different,” replied a very wet Miles with a smile of his own.
“Woof!” agreed Immanuel.






Chapter 22

Miles was back in the town of Fern Grove, a place he treasured and dearly loved. But something about the town on this particular day didn’t seem quite right. He was fairly certain all the houses had not previously looked like giant gourmet chocolates.
“Sweet,” thought Miles, smiling only a little at his somewhat-forced attempt at humor as he stared at the giant, shiny pieces of chocolate that lined both sides of the street.
“At least it’s better than the place with no light,” thought Miles, understanding viscerally that he was likely once again caught up in a dreamy netherworld or vision of some kind.
Miles looked down at himself and noted with amazement that his injuries were now completely healed. Gone were any bandages, pins, casts, wheelchairs and crutches. His only “assistive device” was a glossy brown cane with what looked like a piece of driftwood from the sea mounted at its top. The gnarled driftwood handle was smooth with wear and seemed to fit his hand perfectly.
“Going to have to get myself one of these for real,” thought Miles as his fingers explored the interestingly twisted piece of wood that adorned the top of his cane.
Miles strolled down the main street of the town gazing at the extraordinary array of chocolate-dipped homes that surrounded him. Some were lighter milk chocolate, some were made out of deep, dark, chocolate, several were constructed from white chocolate, a few even had colorful sprinkles adorning them. The homes all came complete with cute little doors and windows framed with licorice or peanut brittle and a fruit or nut where the chimney should have been. It was a fitting rendition of the town, really, given that Fern Grove was known not only for art, but for candy as well.
As he continued strolling, Miles noticed that some of the chocolates were oozing light pink, creamy white or pale yellow where doors and windows were located. It looked to Miles as though the openings had been punched through the skin of the little houses, creating grievous wounds in their perfect chocolate shells. Something about the way the wounds were “bleeding” made Miles uneasy.
“Looks like their sweetness is slowly oozing out of them,” thought Miles with an unintentional grimace. Miles noticed as he walked that the punctured, oozing houses, seemed to be more on the outskirts of town and didn’t seem to be as prevalent nearer the center of the city. He shuddered noticeably at the site of a bulbous chocolate truffle home that was leaking voluminous amounts of cherry-red liqueur from its slightly-ajar front door.
Miles picked up his pace, eager to escape further encounters with “bleeding” chocolate homes.
The town square at the center of Fern Grove was something with which Miles was fairly familiar, having been there on many occasions in his youth in order to visit the galleries of Hobson Green, or to go and see a play at the wonderful little local theatre, or merely to pick up some candy at Fern Grove’s world-famous confectionary.
“Dulcis,” thought Miles, remembering the name of Fern Grove’s world-renowned candy store.
“Chocolate mint truffles to die for,” thought Miles with a sweet-tooth yearning he hadn’t felt in years.
Fern Grove’s famous candy store had been written up and covered many times by local, national, and even international media. People literally came from the four corners of the earth to taste the candy that was created by the confectioners at Dulcis.
Miles approached the small, baroque-inspired fountain at the center of town. The water in the fountain still bubbled innocently across the shoulders of three frolicking, winged cherubs, and it was still the same crystal-blue color he remembered from his youth. A child’s fortune in the form of aged pennies still adorned the bottom of the fountain as well. It would have been a perfect setting for reminiscing had Miles not looked up to see a familiar figure in a white t-shirt waving to him from across the street. 
“Ashley!” exclaimed Miles excitedly as he practically ran to his daughter.
“Slow down, Daddy,” giggled Ashley as Miles practically skidded to a halt in front of her, taking her in his arms and hugging her fiercely as he gasped and wheezed, fighting to catch his breath after his near-sprint across the street.
“I love you too, daddy,” smiled Ashley as she returned her father’s embrace.
Miles noticed she was holding a little bag of chocolates in her delicate fingers. He saw that the word “Dulcis” was imprinted on the striped bag in exquisitely fancy, dark-red letters. The letters sat embedded in the middle of a large, fancifully drawn pink heart.
“Got a truffle for me in that bag, Ash?” asked Miles conspiratorially, leaning towards his daughter to try and get a glimpse of the bag’s contents. Miles caught a faint whiff of delicious sweetness coming from the bag as he leaned in close, but Ashley turned away giggling, hiding her treasure from her father.
Ashley looked back at Miles and winked as she reached into her bag of goodies. Miles thought the wink looked much like one of the wisdom-filled expressions he occasionally got from Bruce Badeau. Ashley turned around quickly and triumphantly produced an enormous, perfectly bulbous chocolate truffle from her treasure trove.
“Sweet,” thought Miles again, this time with far more genuine levity as he gratefully accepted the treat from his daughter.
For the next few minutes Miles just enjoyed munching on chocolate with Ashley while standing in front of the enchanting little theatre in the quaint town of Fern Grove. Miles had seen the two best dramatic presentations of his life in that theatre. He remembered as a child how he had initially thought he was going to really dislike seeing “plays.” But in the end, live drama – “plays” – had turned out to be incredibly entertaining and genuinely amazing, much better in Miles’ opinion than mere movies. The live actors just seemed to bring any story to life so much more powerfully than a movie screen could ever hope to.
“A Christmas Carol and Fiddler on the Roof,” remembered Miles fondly as he thought about the two most favorite plays he had seen at the little theatre.
He was glad the pretty little theatre seemed to be in a normal “wooden” state, that it had thus far avoided becoming one of the bleeding chocolates that were so common at the outer edges of the town. That oozing sugary blood seemed to represent decay somehow, and Miles had absolutely no desire to see any form of deterioration or rot blight the beautiful spirit of Fern Grove.
Ashley took her father’s hand and began leading him toward Dulcis at the very end of main street, the bag of chocolates in her hand making crinkling noises as she swung her arms happily. It looked to Miles like her arms had realized they didn’t have a care in the world and were going to celebrate that fact by unabashedly swinging with joy. Miles took great delight in watching his daughter walk with such life in her step. More than anything, he wanted her to be happy. 
As he swung his arm happily along with his daughter, Miles noticed the crimson lettering on Ashley’s ever-present, oversized t-shirt had changed again.
“U Can Build It,” read Miles.
 He was pretty sure he knew what that meant. He wasn’t so sure, however, that he actually could. His creative juices had not exactly been flowing like the proverbial river Jordan lately.
Miles picked up the pace a little each time they encountered chocolate houses bleeding sweetness. There weren’t very many of them towards the center of town and the “bleeding” was less pronounced, but the imagery for some reason was disturbing to him in a way he wasn’t sure he could explain. Ashley seemed not to even notice them, however, so Miles just let it be as he tried to focus on his daughter and just enjoy her company. Father and daughter continued on, hand in hand, eventually arriving at Hobson Green’s familiar gallery. The gallery was bigger than he remembered. Perhaps it had been expanded? The gallery occupied an entire corner of the street and seemed to almost push away any encroaching structures. Miles found himself wanting to pause for a moment in order to take a closer look at Hobson’s gallery. He could only imagine what magical sculptures and other amazing artwork now inhabited the building. But Ashley grabbed his hand firmly and pulled him along.
“I have something to show you first, daddy,” chimed Ashley impatiently, now playfully swinging Miles’ arm along with her own.
Miles saw that they were headed straight for the Dulcis candy store.
“Well, I can’t argue with more chocolate-mint truffles, or maybe some milk-chocolate raisins,” said Miles with a genuine smile. 
Miles definitely had a thing for chocolate raisins, and thanks to his addiction, Bruce and the DoBernard had also developed a penchant for that particular confection. Chocolate raisins had definitely become a team favorite.
“It looks the same as it always did, unchanged, untouched by time, its character frozen in perfection,” thought Miles with wonder as he and Ashley approached the front of the Dulcis candy shop.
If truth be told, the entire town of Fern Grove had always struck Miles as a bit odd in its ability to avoid change and seemingly opt out of the universal time continuum. Everything in Fern Grove looked as it always had, felt as it always had. It was as though the town had been imbued at birth with an eternal quaintness of character that would never get old or pass away.
Ashley stopped in front of the perfect little candy store, then swept her arm gracefully upward, her hand and fingers perfectly poised, once again looking like a junior version of the display models on the “Price is Right.” Miles’ mouth literally fell open as his eyes followed Ashley’s sweeping arm up to the top of the candy store. Up on the roof was one of the most incredible pieces of artwork Miles had ever seen. It was intricate, amazing, colossal… It was pure magic, and best of all – it moved.
“Magnificent, absolutely fantastic,” thought Miles as he looked in wonder at the sculpture, trying to take in every nuance of the piece.
The sculpture was modeled after a children’s roller coaster, the kind you could see at small carnivals that seem to sprout like caramel-scented weeds from mall parking lots in small towns every summer, and Miles laughed with delight as he watched the roller coaster race and clatter happily around its bronze-colored track. The coaster track was raised up on the side toward the back of the store, and the front edge of the track was actually hanging down and over the facade of the shop at an angle, providing the illusion that the little coaster car was being thrust out into dangerous, unknown territory every time it raced around the circular track.
There was only a single coaster car flying around the circuit, and Miles loved that it was occupied by wireframe sculptures of two children, a little boy and girl. They both had their hands and arms thrust joyfully into the air while mad grins painted their faces with glee. Miles thought the girl on the roller coaster looked an awful lot like another little girl he had come to know – a certain angelic little girl with flowers in her hair who had a taste for bubble gum and spiritual mischief…
At the top of the ride, up in the air at least 20 feet from the surface of the roof, Miles saw the words with which he had become so familiar. Words he still feared more than a little.
“We  You,” said Miles out loud as he read the copper-colored letters that appeared to be made from some kind of bronze alloy. 
Miles thought each letter had to be at least three and half feet tall. He had a sudden thought that those letters would be visible for miles if the coaster were placed on top of a building of any even remotely significant size.
“Three or four stories would be enough for it to be seen from a long ways away, perhaps miles,” thought Miles.
Fascinated by the sculpture, Miles started to wonder about its inner workings. He began examining the creation intently and saw that there was a very powerful looking spring mechanism that, along with a sturdy chain, was responsible for pulling the little coaster car back uphill into position at the completion of every circuit. The children would fly around the track in their little car and at the bottom of the loop, just at the beginning of the slope that led back to the top of the ride, a latching mechanism would slow and then catch the car. The powerful spring was then activated to turn a series of gears that utilized leverage to pull hard on the sturdy chain, ratcheting the little coaster car back into its starting position at the top of the loop. The children were then ready for their next trip, which would take place at set intervals as a timing mechanism of some sort released the car periodically for its next joyful journey around the undulating, circular track.
As the ride continued, balloons began to fly into the air and fireworks began to explode against the sky. The balloons appeared to be tied down to some sort of release mechanism on both sides of the ride, something Miles found absolutely ingenious. As the joyful riders passed each balloon station, several balloons would be cut loose to float away into the sky with the spirit of the wind. In the best traditions of the Dulcis Candy Shoppe, the balloons were dark red with a large pink heart painted on their sides. It appeared there were also some letters or words painted on the opposite side of the balloons.
“We  You,” read Miles as he watched one of the dark-red-and-pink balloons swoop close and then sail off into the sky to go dancing with the wind. Miles thought the balloons added an incredible sense of joy and happiness to the ride, and he looked up with a smile as he watched dozens of red balloons dancing and dodging on the whims of the wind as they floated happily in the sky above them.
“Hooray!” cheered Miles, unable to contain his enthusiasm for the moving sculpture as he watched the children race around the bottom of the loop once more, setting off another explosive celebration of fireworks and balloons.
Ashley looked up at her father, giggled, and then joined in his enthusiasm by clapping her delicate hands together lightly in heartfelt applause.
Miles studied the point from which the fireworks were emanating. He saw that there appeared to be some sort of feeder mechanism near the lowest, fastest portion of the ride. As the little coaster raced by, an arm with a freshly loaded bundle of fireworks was knocked into position over a small flaming torch and off went the rockets to soar high into the sky and explode, erupting in a display of colorful fury for all to see. Once the car had passed, the launching mechanism would swing back into position in order to load another bundle of rockets. Each bundle was supplied by a spring-fed mechanism that had been affixed to the sculpture in a strategic position.
Miles turned to Ashley smiling.
“Isn’t it incredible!? Don’t you just love it!?” asked Miles excitedly.
“It’s wonderful daddy,” chimed Ashley as she began to nibble coyly on another chocolate.
“Who built it?” asked Miles, returning his gaze of admiration and astonishment to the incredible contraption – its little roller-coaster car continuing to clatter around the undulating circle, launching balloons and fireworks gleefully as it went.
“You did,” said Ashley matter of factly, grabbing hold of her father’s hand and squeezing gently, letting her father know without a word how impressed she was with his work.
Miles stopped cold and looked down slowly at his daughter. Ashley just smiled back at him grandly, the sincere look in her eyes telling him that she had meant what she had said.
“Cool,” whispered Miles reverently, temporarily mimicking his friend Bruce Badeau’s typically “groovy” vernacular.
Miles looked back at the front of the candy shop and noticed that the normal sign on the store, the one that had always declared the “Dulcis Candy Shoppe” to the world in famous hues of dark red and pink, was now gone. It had been replaced by a new sign, one that was made of a large, ragged hunk of wood that swung back and forth crazily in the breeze due to being hung on an uneven chain. The new sign was painted in white, with letters of dripping black. It looked to Miles as though a child had done the artwork. 
“A child with severe issues,” thought Miles with a shudder. 
Miles thought the dripping letters on the sign looked like black tears.
The new sign no longer proclaimed the sweet creations of Dulcis to the world. Instead, it boldly stated “Women’s Clinic” in no uncertain terms, in universal absolutes of black and white.
“Stark,” thought Miles as he dug deep into his vocabulary to find the right word to accurately describe the sign. 
He wasn’t sure he liked the new sign very much, and he was perplexed as to why such a sign should be hanging above the entrance to a candy store.
Gazing upward with a growing sense of unease, Miles saw that the sky was now filled with an incredible display of dark-red balloons. There were thousands, perhaps millions of them absolutely clogging the sky. He watched fascinated as one of the balloons was suddenly swept towards him, swooping and circling gracefully as though dancing to the music of the wind. As the balloon came close it seemed to pause, and Miles could clearly see that this was a new balloon, different from the others he had seen being launched into the sky previously. An amazing picture was imprinted on the face of the balloon. It was an incredibly well-done illustration of a large, adult hand reaching out, palm up, index finger slightly extended. Laying in the midst of the hand, like the hand was a basket of some kind, was a tiny, newborn baby of unbelievable beauty. The infant was reaching up, hanging onto the extended index finger. The remaining fingers of the adult hand gently enfolded the infant babe as it reached up, seemingly embracing and protecting it with a supportive love and affection.
The illustration was incredibly well done, communicating its message of love and gentle compassion extremely effectively. Miles thought the illustration made the baby appear as though she were merely reaching up to grab on to something solid in this world and was being supported by adult promises of duty, protection and love. 
Miles saw that the words “The Promise” were written in pink script below the picture.
“A very appropriate moniker,” thought Miles as he admired the incredible illustration.
The image was so powerful it made Miles want to weep with emotion.
But the balloon paused its dance upon the wind for only a moment, just long enough to allow Miles to briefly witness its beauty before it was swept away to twirl and cavort with the wind once more, like a note being blustered about in a concerto composed by the hand of God.
“So many balloons,” thought Miles with wonder as he gazed up at the sky overhead. 
Miles looked over at Ashley and saw she was smiling and making a game out of trying to count them all.
“Keeping up?” asked Miles of his frantically counting daughter.
“Not even close,” laughed Ashley, enjoying her game despite the futility of the exercise.
A feeling of unease came over Miles as he suddenly noticed a distinct change in the amount of light filtering down through the clouds. He looked up past the multitudes of floating balloons and saw a very-dark, very-large cloud moving into position above the town. The wind was picking up as well, seemingly blowing with almost sinister intentions.
“That is a really massive thunderhead,” thought Miles, automatically pulling Ashley closer to him as she continued to point and count excitedly.
And then the very foundations of the world seemed to shake as the gigantic, charcoal cloud let loose with peals of thunder and lightning that made it look as though the sky itself were exploding.
“Yipes!” cried Miles as he pulled Ashley close to him, ducking involuntarily as the cracking thunder beat at the sky in anger.
“Even Zeus would be cowering in fear at that awesome display,” thought Miles as he felt the air actually begin to tremble around him.
Miles shielded his eyes from the terrifically bright streaks of lightning that were now jousting the heavens as they repeatedly tried to pierce the sky. Miles hugged Ashley even closer as another colossal clap of thunder hit them, seemingly threatening to break the world apart with the power of its sound. Miles was amazed that Ashley seemed undaunted and completely unconcerned. He, for one, was more than a little scared as he huddled with his daughter in the street, making his way as hurriedly as he could toward the cover of the awning in front of the candy store.
The frightening storm was over in minutes, though, ending almost as quickly as it had begun. The lighting and thunder that had seemed seconds ago to be trying to explosively ignite the entire world faded, and the dark charcoal thunderhead began breaking up and moving away as rays of yellow sunlight started to emerge. The beams of light created golden lasers that filtered through the clouds, reaching all the way to the ground. It looked to Miles like long fingers of pure, golden light were reaching through the dark clouds in order to pull them apart and dissipate their fury.
“Unbelievable,” breathed Miles as he took in the awesome sight, still holding onto his daughter’s hand.
“Ash, are you ok?” asked Miles quietly.
Ashley merely nodded and gave her father a reassuring smile.
Miles looked up again as the dark clouds cleared and saw that the balloon army had been decimated by the assault of thunder and lightning. Dark-red and pink remnants filled the sky as they floated back to the ground. It looked like a balloon giant had been blown up in mid-air and the remains of his body were falling back to the earth as bits of crimson-and-pink tissue.
Miles saw there were now only three balloons left in the air. Ashley quickly counted them and, pumping her fist and smiling, declared herself the victor of the balloon-counting game. Ashley then reached down and cupping her hands, picked up a pile of crimson and pink scraps that had fallen to the ground near her feet. With a somewhat solemn look, she turned to Miles with her hands outstretched, presenting the balloon remnants to him.
“I understand,” said Miles purposefully as he folded his own hands over the outstretched hands of his daughter.
“We Love You,” said Ashley as she stood on her tiptoes and kissed her father on the cheek.
And then Miles was with Jimi Hendrix again.
“A bad rendition of Jimi Hendrix,” thought Miles as he came awake to the not-so-dulcet tones of the DoBernard and Bruce singing along to “All Along the Watchtower” once more.
“We thought you might want to be awake for this,” said Bruce, a wide smile splitting his heavily bearded face.
“We’re there,” said Bruce excitedly as he gestured expansively and pulled into the driveway of the little cottage that Miles had rented for them.
“It’s incredible,” breathed Miles as he quickly rubbed the sleep from his eyes, taking in the view of the quaint little cottage and its surroundings. 
Miles shook his head just a little to try and clear away some of the cobwebs as he fought to push himself all the way into the here and now as images from his most-recent “Ashley vision” continued to fill his mind.
“It’s even better than the pictures,” said Miles, marveling as he took in the cottage and its beautiful surroundings.
“Couldn’t agree more, Miles, my friend,” replied Bruce with a sense of awe and thankfulness in his voice.
The cottage was surrounded by a manicured lawn and was nestled in amongst a profusion of colorful wild heather and other flowers that seemed to sprout unpredictably everywhere, growing right up to the walls of the cottage. The entire house sat just back from a cliff, providing a truly magnificent view of the Pacific Ocean.
“Wow,” said Bruce and Miles, almost in unison.
“Woof! Waarf!” barked the “DoBernard” in agreement.
Miles noticed the workshop in back of the cottage almost immediately. It was huge. He would easily be able to perform his work within the spacious confines of that shop.
“Thank you God,” thought Miles.
The cottage was perfect.
Bruce cut the engine on the van and Miles rolled down his window in order to breathe in some of the fresh ocean air.
“So wonderful,” thought Miles as he sucked crisp, salty air deep into his lungs. 
Miles listened intently to the eternal sounds of the sea below him and once again felt his heart suddenly ache as he thought of his beloved Catherine and how much she would have enjoyed the scene.
“I wish more than anything that you could be here with me my love,” thought Miles as powerful emotions of yearning and longing welled up within him, once again bringing a quiver to his lips and tearful moisture to his eyes.
Miles realized as he felt the powerful emotions wash through him that he understood his love for Catherine better now than he had at any point in his life previously. It was once again as though scales that had previously clouded his vision – this time his emotional vision – had dropped from not only his eyes, but also from his spirit, and he could now see his love for Catherine in a clear, completely unambiguous light. It sounded strange, but he understood implicitly now that his love for Catherine was not really based on “like.” He hadn’t fallen in love with Catherine because they both liked Chinese food and going for long drives together. He certainly enjoyed spending every moment he could with her, but his love wasn’t dependent on it. It was based on a pure, massively powerful, spiritual love – a love over which he had absolutely no control. It was a love he had never even come close to feeling for anyone else. He suspected it was the kind of love Jesus had for all mankind.
“I could get married to the most beautiful woman in the world tomorrow and try to forget Catherine,” thought Miles. “And I would still love her with all of my heart and soul – forever.”
 Miles held no illusions about Catherine and recognized that for many people, she could easily have appeared rather superficial and shallow. Miles knew she had many redeeming qualities, however, like how much she loved and cherished her family. But he also realized some of her other traits could be construed by those who didn’t know her quite so well as somewhat superficial and less than attractive.
But for Miles, Catherine was the world. It was as though God had seeded his soul with the very essence of Catherine when he had been in his mother’s womb, and as he grew in his life, Catherine had grown within him. Miles realized he never really had a choice in the matter. Catherine had simply been given to him to love, and her spirit would forever be imprinted on his soul. It didn’t matter that she wasn’t perfect, she had been his destiny since the dawn of time, and he loved her completely, perfectly. The way he now knew God loved him.
“I miss you Catherine,” thought Miles as he looked out at the beauty of the sea, seemingly stretching eternally before him.
Miles heard the now-familiar squeak of the driver’s side door as Bruce jumped down from the van, followed quickly by an enthusiastic “woof!” from the DoBernard as he let the world know he was also pleased with his new home and was ready to start exploring.
“Looks like it’s time to go to work,” thought Miles as he looked out to sea. 
He was intrigued but not very surprised to see a single red balloon suddenly come into view, dancing in the sky as it floated in fits and starts out over the grandeur of the ocean.
“Godpost,” declared Miles matter-of-factly as he saw Bruce and the DoBernard begin taking advantage of the amazingly beautiful yard by partaking in their favorite game of Frisbee. 
Miles wasn’t sure he would ever get used to such things as “signs from God,” but he knew his eyes were at least now fully open to the possibility, and he would from here on out be able to truly see.
“I’m coming Catherine,” promised Miles sincerely.


Chapter 23

Miles felt like screaming.
“I am going to go out of my mind if I have to ‘rest and recuperate’ even one more minute without doing something real to help Catherine!” growled Miles with mounting fury as he tried once more to light a fresh cigarette in the morning breeze.
Thus far he had been wholly unsuccessful, adding to his frustration.
Miles sat at the edge of the cliffs along the west side of their property, his fists clenched, his face beat red as he stared out across the sea. Even the incredible view out over the cliffs of the Pacific Ocean brought him no solace and did nothing to calm the eager, anxious beast that was clawing at his will. His unlit cigarette lay in his lap like an unrealized dream. 
He knew the feeling. That unlit cigarette felt and looked like a metaphor for his current state of being.
He had to get going. 
Catherine needed him. 
Enough was enough. 
It was past time to act.
Miles picked up his cigarette and tried to light it once more, hoping he could calm himself by doing a little smoking while taking in the spectacular early morning view. But his efforts simply weren’t working, despite the fact he held the promise of a terrifically tasty, gloriously unfiltered cigarette in his hands.
“No wads of paper or foam fillers between me and my tobacco please, I like it neat,” thought Miles with a jaded grin as he spat out a small grain of tobacco that had strayed from the end of his cigarette to the tip of his tongue. 
Like that grain of tobacco, Miles could feel himself becoming bitter. He found himself enjoying the act of spitting out small grains of tobacco. It gave him something tangible to do with his angst. It was a saliva-laden protest against universal unfairness and inequity. 
Miles finally succeeded in lighting his cigarette, and he inhaled rich, pungent tobacco smoke from Virginia with lustful abandon. He genuinely couldn’t understand why anyone would smoke a cigarette with a filter. It ruined the taste – and much of the fun because it limited the amount of smoke with which one could play.
Miles blew a smoke ring in the general direction of Japan and glanced back at the cottage furtively. He knew Bruce wouldn’t approve of him smoking anytime, much less when he was supposed to be recuperating, so he had assumed a rather secretive disposition concerning his habit. To his great relief, Miles had managed to surreptitiously purchase a carton of cigarettes from a gas station along the border between California and Oregon. They weren’t Gauloises Brunes from France to be sure, but Miles thought American Spirit cigarettes still made a darn good smoke. Miles liked the fact, as well, that American Spirit cigarettes didn’t have any nasty chemicals or additives of any kind in them.
“Just pure, untainted, glorious tobacco… Native American style,” thought Miles with satisfaction as he simultaneously inhaled the fresh ocean breeze and the aromatic smoke from his natural cigarette.
Miles did miss his French Gauloises Brunes cigarettes, however. That luxuriously rich blend of darkest Turkish tobacco would forever make the tobacco glands in his brain salivate with desire. He wondered absently as thick smoke floated delightfully up his nose, if perhaps he could manage to order some Brunes off the internet without Bruce finding out and intercepting his contraband.
Miles hadn’t ever actually asked Bruce what he might think about Miles having a smoke once in a awhile, but he was pretty sure he wasn’t going to receive vigorous assent of enthusiastic approval. Miles knew Bruce now considered it his solemn duty to help him recover from his injuries, and smoking wasn’t going to fit in very well with Bruce’s strategy for rejuvenating Miles’ health.
“Smoking cigarettes of any kind – even if done while gazing upon a truly incredible, spirit-renewing view – does little to enhance overall recovery. In short, it’s far from groovy,” thought Miles with a grin as he considered what Bruce might have to say about his predilection for smoking.
Miles knew, however, that the few cigarettes he enjoyed once in a while were likely more a benefit to his overall well-being than they were potentially harmful. His years practicing medicine and seeing patients through sometimes grievous injuries and traumas had taught him that relaxing and just enjoying life was often a highly underrated component of recovery. For Miles, smoking a cigarette on a beautiful day while thinking and taking in a spectacular view was a key part of the healing process. And an occasional cigarette was hardly the devastating physical assault that current societal norms and mores would have us believe.
“At least I gave up the drinking,” thought Miles, remembering how not too long ago he had been starting his days with the English rebel’s version of the breakfast of champions – a Beefeater-gin martini with just a breath of vermouth and an extra-large green olive stuffed with bleu cheese. He had decided, however, that if he were to be of any assistance at all to his wife, Ashley, God, and perhaps even himself, then he could simply no longer be a petulant and self-involved drunk. Miles felt a small surge of pride at not having had an alcoholic beverage of any kind since he had met Bruce that evening in the desert.
“We’ll call out the barman for one last bash when this is all over,” thought Miles with a wry grin. 
Miles sighed involuntarily as he watched the waves endlessly introduce themselves to the shoreline. The eternity of the view made him think of Catherine with such a ferocious longing that it felt like her spirit was crashing into him with the power of the waves below him.
It had only been a few weeks since he and Bruce and Immanuel had arrived at the little cottage by the sea, and Miles had been doing his utmost to work diligently and tirelessly on the plans for his first sculpture, a replica of the fantastic roller coaster he had seen atop the Dulcis candy store with his daughter Ashley. He now had the plans mostly complete, and they looked just about right. 
But something was missing. 
Miles felt like he lacked inspiration. He needed to get to Fern Grove. He needed to reinvigorate and re-energize the core of his creative being. He needed to see and experience the work of his “master” and mentor again first hand.
“I need to see Hobson Green,” thought Miles with determination as he tilted his head back and blew a stream of flavorful smoke in the direction of a soaring gull. 
“Perhaps I will even get to meet the man himself finally.”
Although he had visited Hobson Green’s gallery in Fern Grove many times over the years, Miles had never had the good fortune to actually meet the man he so admired, although he had seen him around the gallery on at least a few occasions.
“If I get the chance to just wish him a good day I am going to take it this time,” thought Miles with resolve.
Miles had read that Hobson Green, despite the ravages of arthritis, still spent a great deal of his time working away his days as best he could in the back rooms and bowels of his shop.
“Undoubtedly still creating pure magic,” thought Miles, remembering again the first time he had seen a room full of Hobson Green’s magnificent moving sculptures. The sight had literally taken his breath away and had captured his youthful imagination in a way that even a pilfered copy of Playboy hadn’t been able to accomplish. Hobson Green’s work, his art, had done far more than ignite a youthful passion in him. It had changed Miles’ perception of the world and his outlook on life permanently. Hobson’s artwork seemed to suggest that there was more to the world somehow… More carefree happiness, more love, more whimsy, more joy, more kindness, more creativity, more that was simply amazing and fascinating… Hobson Green’s art was like a tangible, moving validation of universal purpose.
Miles wondered if anyone had ever told Hobson Green about his work having a profound effect upon their lives. In thinking about it, it made sense to Miles that artists would most likely hear that sort of thing all the time, as that was really the nature of their work – to challenge perceptions and notions, to shift paradigms, to help people veer off the well-tended roads and pathways once in a while so that lives might be affected and changed in ways that might not have been previously considered had it not been for the impetus, the catalyst, of art.
“I am going to Fern Grove. I am going to meet Hobson Green. And I am going to let him know how grateful I am for the impact he has had on my life. And I am going to help Catherine,” thought Miles decisively, feeling in his heart that inspiration would be the eventual outcome of any encounter with his would-be mentor.
Miles scratched out the remainder of his cigarette against the wheel of his chair and spun away from the edge of the cliff, quickly trundling himself back to the cottage. He found Bruce and the DoBernard out back at the far end of the yard, once again enjoying their favorite game.
“I hate to interrupt this joyful Frisbee fest,” called Miles from across the yard, “but we have to go… Now.”
Bruce and the DoBernard stopped playing and turned in unison toward Miles as he rolled up in his wheelchair, coming to a stop in front of them. The puzzled expressions on their faces asked all their questions, obviating the need for any words.
“Yes, I know, I am supposed to be resting, relaxing, and recuperating,” said Miles, a hint of frustration seeping into his voice. “But I can’t do any more work on our first sculpture until I get to Fern Grove and renew my creativity.”
“I’m done planning. Now I – we – need to get down to the real work of building our first piece,” said Miles. “And I don’t feel like I can do justice to the piece if I don’t first return to my artistic roots. I need an infusion of creativity and inspiration. I know that sounds kind of silly in an ‘art school student’ sort of way, but be that as it may, I need to go.”
“I know you would prefer I recuperate a bit more Bruce before I try to take on any tours,” continued Miles his eyes beseeching his friend for understanding. “But I can’t stand it anymore. I have to get started with this mission for God. I have to begin helping Catherine in earnest. And to do that I need to get over to Fern Grove to try and recapture some of the impetus born of magic that Hobson Green’s work has always instilled in me.”
Miles grunted, his arms shaking with effort as he raised himself from his chair to demonstrate to Bruce that he was indeed very much on the mend. He made sure, however, to hang on very tightly to the chair as he lifted himself, his badly broken leg was healing fairly well but still felt a bit unsteady when he tried to apply any meaningful weight to it.
Bruce stood quietly, massaging his beard, looking thoughtfully at the now “standing” Miles while he toyed with the DoBernard’s bright-red Frisbee. Miles noticed the Frisbee now had lots of chew marks on it and that somebody, Miles assumed it had been Bruce, had written the words “We Love U” on it in a flowing silver ink that was extremely shiny with metallic glitter. There was a fanciful heart drawn around the words as well.
Miles continued to stare at Bruce hopefully, awaiting his response.
“Road trip,” answered Bruce matter-of-factly as he looked at Miles, a bright smile gleefully splitting his furry features.
“Woof! warf!” joined in the DoBernard, agreeing that a road trip was a tremendous idea.
Miles smiled in return, glad to be with friends who understood him and genuinely cared for him.
“Thank you both,” said Miles as he lowered himself carefully back into his chair, a feeling of genuine affection and love for his friends making his voice crack with emotion.
“To inspiration and creativity!” cried Bruce with a smile as he flung the Frisbee into a high arcing curve that sent the DoBernard loping after the disc with adolescent enthusiasm.
“Yes, and to Catherine,” thought Miles.



Chapter 24

Miles couldn’t believe his eyes.
It was just as he remembered.
And this time, it was real.
“It’s timeless, fantastic, perfect,” thought Miles as he gazed about the little town of Fern Grove with a sense of nostalgic wonder. 
Miles could feel the excitement building within him as his eyes darted about almost frantically, trying to capture and remember every aspect, every visual nuance the town had to offer. 
He felt like the proverbial kid in the candy store.
Quaint little Victorian-era homes sat perched along multi-hued flowerbeds that often overflowed onto sidewalks which were still wide enough to facilitate childhood bicycle races. The colorful flowers spilling forth from the homes made it look as though the little houses were bursting with joy. There were also incredible, perfectly manicured green zones and garden areas all over the place that looked as though angels tended them most of the time. Miles wasn’t sure why he hadn’t noticed before, but today he simply couldn’t miss the town’s collection of amazing, old, rustic churches. They dotted the neighborhood with a profusion of stained glass on just about every corner, producing a profusion of glinting, colored light that permeated the town with kaleidoscopic happiness.
“Fern Grove is an absolute treasure,” said Miles, more than a hint of reverence reverberating in his voice.
Bruce just smiled and nodded his agreement as he slowly cruised their sky-blue Econoline van through town.
Miles remembered the last time he had been in Fern Grove. The picturesque little homes had all been made out of chocolate and had been hemorrhaging in various shades of goo.
“Ashley,” thought Miles as he remembered standing outside the Dulcis Candy Shoppe with his daughter, watching the incredible roller-coaster-themed sculpture clatter joyfully around its undulating track.
A chill ran up his spine as Miles recalled the terrible storm that had befallen them. Miles shivered as he remembered the utter blackness of the thunderhead, the suddenly hard-charcoal iciness of the air, the world-splitting percussive booms from the massive bolts of lightning that had lit up the suddenly blustery sky. And he remembered the crimson scraps, the remnants, that Ashley had held out to him in her delicate hands.
But the houses weren’t made out of chocolate today, and there was no storm on the horizon. For today at least, the forecast was more than fair. It was perfection. The sky was a rock star in its prime – its skin clear, its outlook sunny, with a profusion of billowy white clouds assembled as adoring fans. The summer heat on this day, which would someday bake the perfect sky in the midst of a reunion tour, was moderated perfectly by the Pacific Ocean nearby. It was simply a spectacularly beautiful summer day on the coast of southern Oregon.
“I think I prefer the town this way, sans the bleeding gourmet chocolates,” thought Miles as he gazed at the clouds floating above him. 
He immediately began to see dragons, pirate ships, princesses, faeries, and dinosaurs that came in a plethora of shapes and sizes.
“Great artistic fodder for cloud sculpting today,” said Miles with a grin.
“Cloud sculpting, cool…” intoned Bruce as he glanced over at Miles to make sure he was doing ok.
Miles smiled at his friend to let him know he was indeed doing well and looked about carefully once more as he gazed once more at the colorful little houses around him. It couldn’t hurt to check one last time to make sure there were no strange, gourmet-chocolate houses in town today, right? His beseeching eyes found only real homes and businesses and townsfolk – the people of Fern Grove who were busy bustling about, just enjoying the day.
“Woof! warf!” barked the DoBernard as they drove by yet another extremely well-maintained park.
“I think someone is thinking about Frisbee again,” commented Bruce with a conspiratorial smile, glancing over his shoulder at the DoBernard in the back of the van.
Miles glanced behind him and could see from the characteristic lopsided grin on the DoBernard’s face that Bruce was indeed right about the Frisbee. Their monstrously large canine friend already had his favorite red disc clamped tightly in his mouth.
“Better a Frisbee than Miles-based Scooby Snacks,” thought Miles to himself as he reached back and patted the DoBernard’s pumpkin-sized head.
Miles saw that his fingers were involuntarily drumming against his knee as Bruce found an appropriate parking spot. The excitement of being back in Fern Grove, of feeling like he was about to make serious progress concerning his mission, was sending shockwaves of eager energy throughout his body.
From where they were parked, Miles could see the little movie theatre that had been converted to a live theatre just down the street. He remembered fondly how Ashley had met him outside that theatre with her little bag of sweets. Miles fought back hard against the urge to sink into that particular emotional morass. Fern Grove may have been the perfect place for such memories, but this most assuredly was not the time. He couldn’t afford the luxury of reminiscing right now. He had work to do. 
For Ashley. 
For Catherine. 
For his family.
A little farther along, Miles could just make out the striped awning that belonged to the Dulcis Candy Shoppe, its pink and crimson colors still as vibrant as his childhood memories. Miles grinned like a kid, his mouth watering ever so slightly, as he considered the possibility of an afternoon mint-chocolate truffle.
“You going to be ok?” asked Bruce with sincere concern as he assisted Miles down from the van, noticing his friend wincing a little with the effort.
“I’ll be fine my friend, thank you,” answered Miles as he looked up at Bruce from his seated position. “Go ahead and hang out in the park with Immanuel for a while. I will ring you on your cell when I am full up on inspiration again.”
Bruce got Miles situated and comfortable in his wheelchair and attached Miles’ collapsible crutches to the back of the chair using a custom bungee-cord harness he had constructed. Miles thought the crutches were absolutely amazing. Bruce had ordered them off the internet and had surprised Miles with the gift a couple of weeks ago while Miles had been busily sketching out some details of their first sculpture.
“An incentive,” Bruce had declared reverently as he had presented the crutches to Miles, bowing formally with his arms outstretched as though he were holding forth a sword of renown from a bygone medieval era.
Miles knew what the crutches meant for him. He could be ambulatory and far more self-sufficient on crutches than he could ever hope to be in a wheelchair. Using crutches would also help strengthen his body, something he desperately needed if he was going to eventually travel the country engaging in an art show for God. And that journey would begin with a trip to Fern Grove.
Miles had thrown himself into the task of rebuilding his strength and learning to use his new, high-tech crutches with complete abandon. He wanted to get the most out of his trip to Fern Grove and the gallery of Hobson Green; being trapped in a wheelchair was not exactly a key strategy for achieving that goal. He had fought through a great deal of discomfort and no small amount of pain in practicing daily with the crutches, and he had been thrilled beyond words when he was eventually rewarded for his efforts with a genuine treasure – personal mobility. Miles remembered how he had teetered into the kitchen of the cottage with a big smile in order to show Bruce just how ambulatory he had become. And then he had almost fallen as one of the crutches had slipped slightly from a wet spot on the floor. Fortunately, Bruce had caught him by the shirt, saving him from any real harm.
“Thank you again Bruce, and not just for the crutches,” said Miles as he smiled up at his friend.
“Woof!” replied the DoBernard enthusiastically as he lapped at Miles’ cheek with a tongue the size of a hand towel.
“I’m ready,” said Miles with excitement and resolve as he grasped the wheels of his chair. He really couldn’t wait to visit Hobson Green’s main gallery.
Bruce gave Miles’ shoulder a gentle squeeze, and with a friendly wave he and the DoBernard took off towards the park at a gallop.
Miles rolled along slowly, making his way reverently down the main street of Fern Grove, taking in all the sights, sounds, and smells the little town had to offer.
“I really do love this place,” thought Miles as he wheeled himself along one of the wide sidewalks that skirted both sides of Fern Grove’s main street.
Miles came to a stop in front of the town theatre and was excited to see that the annual production of Dickens’ “A Christmas Carol” was already being advertised in plastic red letters on the theatre’s classically magnificent marquee. Miles thought the marquee looked different than any other he had ever seen. It seemed to protrude from the historic building, thrusting its blaring message forward – almost as though it was demanding to be heard.
Miles rolled himself up to the double-glass doors of the theatre to see if he could peer inside. It was too dark to see very well, but he was sure as he gazed at the dim interior that things looked pretty much the way he remembered them. Miles looked at the giant posters on each side of the main doors to the theatre. The billboards were set behind large, rectangular windows – highly polished plates of glass with little light bulbs straight out of the “Roaring 20s” surrounding them with luminescent charm. 
“Fern Grove Repertory Theatre Presents: Charles Dickens’ ‘A Christmas Carol’,” said Miles aloud as he read one of the show posters.
Miles had loved that play as a boy, especially the version that was put on every year in the little town of Fern Grove.
“I am going to have to get some really great seats to that show for Bruce and I,” thought Miles as he made a mental note of the advertised web address where he could acquire tickets.
The thought suddenly struck Miles that Catherine would have loved getting dressed up to attend a showing of Charles Dickens’ “A Christmas Carol” at Fern Grove’s whimsical little theatre. She had always loved both the Christmas holidays and attending the theatre. Miles placed a hand over his heart, as though physically protecting it from any further emotional daggers. Today was simply not the day to open himself up to any wounds born of memories and regret. He couldn’t help his wife and daughter if he was a perpetual emotional wreck.
“Maybe I will buy a ticket for Wenona so she can attend as Bruce’s date,” mused Miles, forcing his mind, body and spirit back into the moment, back into the real joy that the day had to offer. 
The thought of reuniting Bruce with his long lost love pulled at Miles’ heart like a ship’s anchor, but the idea still gave him pause. He just wasn’t sure how Bruce would react, and he didn’t want to potentially hurt his friend through any unwelcome “meddling.”  Perhaps discretion was a better course of action. He certainly didn’t want to upset his friend for the sake of his own good intentions.
“Good intentions are usually hurtful, it is pure intentions that we ought to seek,” thought Miles with a grin as he suddenly remembered one of the more interesting concepts he had learned from his favorite philosophy instructor and college mentor a lifetime ago when he was an undergraduate student at university.
“Professor Wilkins,” remembered Miles fondly as he reminisced about his old college instructor. 
Professor Wilkins had introduced him to the concept of a “grand life,” a genuine life of service to others – and how much value that could have for not only others, but for oneself as well.
Miles suddenly wondered if perhaps Professor Wilkins had been a secret follower of Christ. His message certainly seemed to align with the teachings of Jesus.
“What a mind,” thought Miles, remembering Professor Wilkins with incredible fondness. He had been more than an instructor for Miles. He had been more than a mentor. He had been a real friend.
“Good intentions are usually based upon an egocentric view of the world, they are performed for the benefit of the provider, not the ostensible recipient,” came the familiar voice of Professor Wilkins from the folded memories in Miles’ mind. 
“Pure intentions, on the other hand, are those defined by the absence of self-interest, where the provider has removed themself successfully from the equation in order to proffer a benefit of genuine value to the recipient – even if said benefit represents a detriment to the provider.”
It was a phrase, a concept, Miles had never been able to forget. It was about helping others first, before thinking of oneself and one’s own needs, and Miles had paid tribute to the concept through the years by trying to incorporate the simple-but-powerful idea into his life wherever possible. He had always thought that the concept had fit very well with the Hippocratic Oath that he had taken when he had officially become a physician. That concept was the professed reason he had given for opening his clinic and working tirelessly in pursuit of medical “benefits” for all mankind.
“What a saint,” thought Miles mockingly of himself as he remembered his time with Ashley in the tower reviewing life after incredible life, seeing all those beginning moments of promise and what they could have brought to the world as those children had blossomed into a rich bouquet of life.  But they had all been lost before having a chance to bloom, far too many due directly to his own actions.
“All that promise and progress gone because I was going to take action without listening to the plans of God and his universe. I was going change the world for the better on my own terms,” thought Miles despondently.
Miles hung his head a little as he once again considered his actions. If he were going to really be intellectually honest with himself, he would have to admit that his actions had likely been more self-serving than they had been selfless.
“Good intentions, not pure intentions,” thought Miles. “I apologize for not being a better student Professor Wilkins.”
Miles thought perhaps his current quest to help Catherine might better qualify under the tenets of “Pure Intentions.” He certainly hoped so. If he had been in the wrong and had done more harm than good in his life, it would be nice to be able to do more than just apologize. He hoped he could not only help Catherine and his family, but also maybe make amends along the way.
Miles rolled himself back from the front doors of the theatre and looked around slowly, carefully. He wondered what it was about the little town of Fern Grove that made him so introspective.
“It’s like the entire village is painted in a color named ‘Romantic Nostalgia’, with the trim done in ‘Contemplative Soul’,” thought Miles.
“Perhaps Bruce could use a little romantic nostalgia,” mused Miles as an image of the friendly bearded face of Bruce Badeau once again popped into his mind. “A ‘Pure Intentions’ scenario might still be possible for Bruce and Wenona somehow.”
Miles made a mental note to do a little searching on the internet to see if he could learn more about – and perhaps locate – Bruce’s long-lost love.
“There might yet be a happy ending for Bruce and Wenona that is right and good for them both,” thought Miles.
The sound of an antique horn jolted Miles out of his ruminations. He followed the sound of the horn with his eyes, his gaze eventually coming to rest on the porch front to Hobson Green’s gallery. There was a single, small wooden sign that proclaimed the gallery’s existence to the world. It was the same sign Miles had seen decades ago as a child.
“Gallery,” read Miles.
He thought perhaps that sign represented the single greatest example of understatement the world had ever known.
Miles realized he was trembling with nervous excitement. The place felt almost holy to him, and the thought that Hobson Green might actually be just down the street from him at that very moment was almost emotionally overwhelming. He decided to wheel down the street a little further to pick up an appetizer of chocolates from Dulcis before he took on the main course. Perhaps it would calm his nerves a little. In his current state he was likely to fall over and crash into something.
As he rolled up in front of the Dulcis Candy Shoppe, Miles wasn’t surprised in the least to find that it looked very much the same as he remembered.
“I didn’t think it was possible, but it smells even better than I remember,” thought Miles with a grin as he gazed through the gigantic plate-glass windows that made up the front of the shop.
Seeing Miles sitting outside the shop in his wheelchair, one of the Dulcis employees in a signature white apron with a crimson-and-pink heart on the front came out and asked him if he could be of assistance.
“Can’t find that kind of service just anywhere,” thought Miles as he thanked the young man for his courtesy and requested a world-famous sampler bag of Dulcis chocolates.
“It’s so nice to be someplace where politeness and caring about people will never go out of style,” thought Miles.
The young man with the genuine smile soon returned with a delicate-looking little paper bag that was filled with some of Dulcis’ finest. Miles saw that the bag had a crimson-and-pink heart emblazoned on its front, and he immediately recalled the sight of his daughter joyfully swinging her bag of treats as they had walked down the main street of Fern Grove together.
“Thank you,” was all Miles could think to say as he accepted the proffered treats from the smiling young man in the crisp, white apron.
Miles quickly downed a dark-chocolate-coated caramel chew and a glorious hunk of mint truffle, savoring every bit of the delicious candy. It felt like a chocolate-flavored infusion of pure love. It was just what he needed. He was ready for Hobson Green’s gallery.
Miles placed the little bag of chocolates into one of the zippered pockets that seemed to be everywhere on his chair and proceeded to wheel himself steadily down the street. He unfolded his crutches outside the gallery and raised himself to a standing position, taking a deep breath as he prepared to enter the building. Miles took half a shaking, shuffling step, and then another, until he was suddenly back in that place of magic again.
As his eyes adjusted to the somewhat dim light which was punctuated with dust-flecked rays of sunlight that poured in from large skylights overhead, Miles saw that the gallery was filled to bursting with incredible sculptures.
“And they move,” thought Miles with awe as his gaze fell upon an incredible piece near the entry to the gallery. The small sculpture displayed an idyllic country setting where a small stream turned a working water wheel. The soft gurgle of the water moving through the sculpture and turning the water wheel tickled the soul of his imagination and called out to him with a sense of whimsy.
“So incredible,” thought Miles as he continued to gaze about the wondrous gallery.
Something large suddenly caught Miles attention at the back of the gallery, and Miles moved carefully and just a little surreptitiously on his crutches toward the area in order to perhaps get a better look at what it was.
Miles didn’t know why it felt like he might be doing something wrong, but he couldn’t seem to rid himself of the feeling as he somewhat cautiously looked around to see if anyone might notice him making his way towards the very back of the building. But the gallery was quiet, seemingly unconcerned with his actions. There was only a single young couple in the building with him, and they were demanding the complete attention of the young girl who was tending to the retail requirements of the establishment.
“Whatever it is, it’s huge,” thought Miles as he cautiously peered through the spears of sunlight coming from the skylights overhead into the relative dim at the back of the building. He could feel the pull of the object like a magnet drawing in his soul. He had to see it up close. As he approached carefully on his crutches, Miles saw that the object completely dominated the shadows at the back of the building, as though the shadows were paying homage to its grandeur.
“It has to be at least 7-feet tall,” thought Miles with amazement as he relaxed against his crutches and let the artist inside of him hungrily examine every aspect, every nuance, of the piece. It was the strangest, most fantastic piece of metal work he had ever seen.
A crisp white card, like an invitation of some kind, rested elegantly on a silver tray next to the astounding sculpture. Miles picked it up carefully and read the meticulously crafted inscription inside.
“Something Wonderful...”
“ - H.G.”
“A master of art and understatement if there ever was one,” thought Miles as he considered the appropriateness of the moniker.
Miles returned his full attention to the incredible piece of art.
The exterior of the piece looked like the partially clothed skeleton of a Native American tepee. The tepee was draped in scattered fragments of “cloth” that although clearly made of metal, were so magnificently done that they really did look like genuine pieces of cloth.
“It looks like a Sioux Tepee,” thought Miles as he remembered some pictures from a book he had read long ago, a book that had told the story of plains tribe known as the Lakota Sioux. “Maybe a tepee that has withstood the ravages of time, despite wind, and war, and all the other elemental forces that accompany the human condition.”
“Fantastic,” thought Miles as he considered all the myriad ways the artwork was already speaking to him. He loved the way great art pushed his boundaries and really made him think – with both his mind and his spirit.
Miles leaned into his crutches and pushed himself a half step back to better examine the piece in its entirety. Inside the tepee, at its center, was something that sort of resembled the Newtonian Reflector telescope that he had purchased for Bruce. The telescope was mounted via a pivot of some kind to a large, stylized Celtic cross. As Miles leaned in closer, actually poking his head inside the “front door” of the tepee, he saw there were sculpted children sitting in a circle around the inside. The children all seemed to be focusing on the center of the tepee, as though waiting with great anticipation for the Celtic cross/telescope contraption to perform a magic trick of some kind.
Miles ducked back out of the tepee and noticed a large silver ball, the size of a golf ball perhaps, sitting in a cup on the right side of the sculpture. The cup was attached to a chain, the chain was attached to some gears, and the gears were attached to a little bronze crank.
“Cool,” thought Miles like a little boy looking at a fire engine in a toy store, his hand starting to turn the crank enthusiastically before he even had a chance to think about what he was doing.
Miles watched mesmerized as the heavy-looking silver golf ball rode upward in its little cup and was guided into position at the right end of the “telescope.” Miles’ heart jumped a little as the cup carrying the silver ball got to the top  and was caught by a mechanism that locked it into place with a distinct “click” and “clank.” He was speechless as the little cup tipped over, seemingly of its own volition, spilling the silver golf ball into the end of the honeycombed barrel of the “telescope.” The ball fell immediately down into a special chamber that had been constructed for it, and the  weight of the ball triggered a door inside the honeycombed structure that released dozens and dozens of little silver marbles from a chamber in the middle of t
Miles stared in amazement as the “telescope” started to swing gently on its pivot. As the telescope rotated and moved, shiny steel marbles clattered and rolled through the barrel of the telescope, eventually coming to rest in a silver trough. As the trough began to fill, another door was triggered that sent the silver golf ball along a ramp to the other side of the contraption, which added just enough weight for the little silver marbles to start spilling out of the trough into a spiral “spring” that wound around and around the body of the telescope.   
“Whoa,” said Miles softly as momentum and gravity combined to force the little silver balls through the entire length of the “spring.” They clattered away in a seeming frenzy, eventually coming to rest in a chamber at the opposite end of the telescope.
“It looks like it is turning and twisting in agony while it gives birth, sowing its seeds to the wind,” thought Miles incredulously as he considered the symbolism of the Celtic Cross and the “Great Spirit” philosophies of the Sioux and other Native American tribes.
Miles unknowingly held his breath as the telescope continued to rotate and disgorge the last of the little silver balls from its honeycombed structure. The entire unit was now tipping to the left significantly as the last shiny marble rattled through the coiled loops of the “spring,” finally coming to rest in a compartment above the silver golf ball.
The weight of all the little silver marbles at one end of the telescope made the other end tilt downward far enough to engage another trap door, releasing a ramp that the silver golf ball immediately began traversing. Miles saw that the ramp led back to another cup on the length of chain he had originally cranked to activate the contraption. The silver golf ball came to rest in its new cup with a heavy, theatrical “clink,” and as it did so, its weight began to engage a pulley system that tilted the raised end of the “telescope” back down again, forcing the dozens of little silver marbles to rattle gloriously back into their original position. The cup that now contained the silver golf ball gracefully descended to the floor, once again ready for its next ride to the top.
Miles was dumbstruck. Never had he imagined that such a piece could even be possible.
“Wowee,” breathed Miles. He felt like his artistic spirit had just been warmly embraced and made love to.
“I need a cigarette,” said Miles aloud.
“Have one for me as well?” came a soft, chuckling voice from behind his shoulder.
Miles turned with a smile, expecting to engage in an enthusiastic discussion about the piece he had been examining with a fellow patron. Instead, he came face to face with Hobson Green.
Hobson grinned at Miles through his signature silver mustache, his rich, brown eyes seemingly dancing with the secrets of the universe.
Miles just stared, his mouth slightly agape.
“That piece has the same effect on me,” laughed Hobson.
“I noticed a pack of smokes sticking out of your shirt pocket,” said Hobson still smiling. “And if I’m not mistaken, they are what I call ‘serious smokes’ in that they are the kind that don’t have filters.”
“I’ll make you a deal,” continued Hobson. “I’ll show you something special I am working on that I think you might like if you let me bum one of those wonderful smokes off you. Wadd’ya say?”
Miles didn’t say a word. He simply retrieved his smokes and handed the entire pack to Hobson, his hand shaking slightly as he did so.
Hobson winked conspiratorially and motioned for Miles to follow him as he disappeared into a doorway at the very back of the gallery. Miles thought the doorway looked like it was made out of shadows.
Miles felt breathless, his heart pounding as he carefully entered the back room into which Hobson had disappeared. Like the rest of the gallery, the back room was dim but was pierced by shafts of sunlight that fell down from a profusion of small skylights overhead. Flecks of dust danced endlessly in the shafts of light, the captured sunlight created  stark puddles of luminescence on the floor.
Hobson seemed to almost cling to Miles’ pack of cigarettes as he made his way over to an antique-looking table near a small window that had been cut into the side of the building. Miles could see that the window overlooked a pretty little flower garden behind the gallery.
“My thinking window,” said Hobson with a smile and a twinkle in his eye as he fired up one of Miles’ Spirits, settling back in his old rocking chair to enjoy the tobacco.
“I’m not really supposed to smoke anymore,” announced Hobson. “Doctor’s orders you know. Seems to me, though, that every man ought to have at least one vice in life – gives him something to strive for, something to overcome.”
Miles just nodded his head and accepted a cigarette from Hobson. He saw that Hobson’s hands were twisted and gnarled from the ravaging effects of severe arthritis. It looked like his left hand had almost been pulled and twisted into a claw. His right hand, the one he was using for smoking, was a little better, but not much.
“Tragic,” thought Miles sadly as he considered the talent and creativity that the man before him possessed. He knew the world was a better place with Hobson Green and his art in it. It was disheartening to see that he wouldn’t be making too many more sculptures, not with hands that were twisted so badly.
“He must be in utter agony much of the day,” thought Miles, the physician in him gauging the severity of the arthritic damage.
Miles wanted to reach out to Hobson and help him. He wanted to heal him somehow. As he looked into Hobson’s eyes, however, he could still see the brilliance and clarity of pure artistic genius. Miles knew that Hobson’s creativity was at least unaffected by any of his physical ailments.
Miles lit his own cigarette and joined Hobson in blowing smoke out the little window overlooking the flower garden. As his eyes adjusted to the light of the periodically-sun-drenched room, Miles saw that there were bits and pieces of sculptures everywhere. There were literally dozens of amazing works in progress scattered throughout the entirety of the workshop area.
“I can’t believe I am here, that this is happening,” thought Miles as he tried to take it all in.
Miles could hold it in no longer. His adoration and admiration for Hobson Green just started to spill forth in a profusion of jumbled words and emotions, like a dam had burst somewhere inside him. He told Hobson about the first time he had experienced his work, he explained how that experience had nurtured his nascent creative spirit, he expounded upon his profound love for Hobson’s art and what it had meant in his own life as a father, physician and amateur artist. More than anything, Miles wanted Hobson to know he had impacted his life for the better.
Hobson just listened without saying a word, smoking his cigarette, the sunlight from the skylights occasionally dancing in his eyes.
Miles eventually finished, his emotions and words having run their course. There was nothing more for the dam to contain, the reservoir was empty. Miles gazed down at his feet, sagged a bit onto his crutches, and took a drag from his cigarette. He felt somewhat embarrassed and drained by his emotional outburst. When he looked up again to meet the magical eyes of Hobson Green, he was grateful to find only a smile of reassurance and understanding.
“Let me show something I think you might like,” said Hobson as he placed his cigarette in a little bronze ashtray that had been fashioned in the form of a smiley face.
Hobson led Miles over to a work area where there was a small sculpture sitting amidst a jumble of tools and scraps of metal. It was a smaller piece than much of Hobson’s work, only about 18 inches high, but the craftsmanship was extraordinary. The sculpture featured a girl and a boy of maybe 10 years playing in a meadow. The boy had lost his balloon and was frantically running after it, while the little girl, who still had hers tied securely to her wrist, was reaching up to try and help her companion. The sculpture seemed to speak to him somehow well beyond children and balloons. Miles felt like he could see a plethora of deep philosophical holes that one could fall into while examining and considering the piece.
“It’s incredible,” breathed Miles. “Powerful and profound,” were the words that instantly came to mind.
“I call it Saving Grace,” said Hobson, looking intently at Miles with his magically smiling eyes.
“I want you to have it.”
Miles’ jaw dropped and he stared incredulously at Hobson.
“I do, however, have a pretty stiff price for it,” continued Hobson grinning. “You have to leave this pack of wonderful cigarettes with me.”
Miles wanted to speak volumes, but managed somehow not to say a word. He knew his silence was a more powerful thank you than any words could ever hope to be.
“Sculpting is like conversing with God, sometimes you just have to be patient and listen to figure out what you are supposed to create,” said Hobson to Miles quietly as he placed his hand gently on his shoulder.
Miles ducked his head and felt like weeping.
Hobson acted as though he didn’t notice as he placed the heavy sculpture in Miles’ day-pack and went back over to the little table to enjoy another cigarette.
Miles said his thank yous and goodbyes and exited the gallery 20 minutes later carrying his newfound treasure. He felt like he was in a daze as he wheeled himself back toward Bruce’s van.
“Best smoke of my life,” thought Miles as he conjured up the smiling face and twinkling eyes of Hobson Green once more. He grinned joyfully at the way his day had turned out.
Forty five minutes later he and Bruce were on their way back to their little cottage by the sea, Miles’ newest sculpture adorning the dashboard of Bruce’s 1966 Ford Econoline van alongside their other treasured works of art. Miles couldn’t stop chattering away excitedly about all the possible directions their art show for God could take. He wasn’t just filled with ideas, he was bursting at the seams.
“Sounds like you found the inspiration you were seeking my friend,” said Bruce with a knowing smile as he popped in a Jefferson Airplane CD.
“Woof!” agreed the DoBernard, followed by some of his characteristically off-key “singing” as he joined in with Bruce for a little 60s karaoke.

Chapter 25

Steve Rogers was pretty sure he would never want a piece of pie again. The current slice of pecan that he was trying to choke down was his fifth of the day, and this particular piece was the sweetest, most sugar-laden yet. He felt his throat beginning to constrict from the cloying sweetness of the pie, and he could feel an icy sweat that portended a healthy dose of nausea beginning to break out on his forehead. He needed a cold drink, an antacid, and most likely a bathroom.
“Ugh,” thought Steve as he forced himself to smile between bites at the animated, elderly woman before him who was explaining in great detail the proper way to prepare the crust for a “real” pecan pie.
The elderly woman paused as she noticed Steve’s smile. Then she blushed a little and smiled back, obviously thankful that he was enjoying her treatise on pecan pies.
Steve was trying his hardest to remain interested in the various interviews he was conducting, while also trying to stay enthusiastic about all the pieces of pie that were being eagerly thrust in his direction. It seemed that all the ladies at the fair who were baking pies for this year’s “Great State Pie Bake Off” wanted him to try their special recipe. Steve wasn’t sure, but it looked like a truly colossal slice of lemon meringue awaited him next.
“That’s going to be a problem,” thought Steve as he felt his stomach rumble dangerously.
Steve wanted to be both professional and polite. He actually liked the ladies at the fair and had absolutely no desire to hurt their feelings by appearing to be disinterested in either their pies or in an event that was very meaningful and a great joy for them. He also wanted to make it abundantly clear that he actually did enjoy their wonderful homemade creations. He just wasn’t sure he could stomach too many more of those wonderful homemade creations.
“Not without looking about as svelte as Santa Claus by the time I am out of here,” thought Steve as he triumphantly forked down the last bit of ultra-sweet pecan that he had been working on. He glanced over and saw that the owner of the large slice of lemon meringue had momentarily become distracted by a discussion on proper oven temperature.
“Oh, thank you God,” thought Steve, not sure of his ability to bear up under the weight of a slice of lemon meringue at this point in his pie odyssey.
 Taking advantage of the opportunity, another wonderful, elderly woman with a slight bluish tint to her meticulously styled hair placed a healthy slice of blackberry pie in his hand. Steve saw that the entire paper plate was rapidly turning purple as a result of being overwhelmed by both the number and juiciness of the berries.
“Oh boy,” thought Steve, exhaling slowly as he looked beseechingly over at Laura to see if she might consider rescuing her knight in pie-crust armor.
Unfortunately, Laura seemed to be temporarily distracted by the demands of producing a newscast in the field.
Steve did what he had to do. He began eating the blackberry pie, commenting in between extremely juicy bites on how wonderful it was. The now-familiar taste of pie yet again striking his palate brought all the years he had been eating pies at the state fair back to Steve.
“Five years covering the annual ‘Great Husker Pie Bake Off’ at the Nebraska State Fair,” thought Steve somewhat despondently as he glanced over at Laura again. She had been his field producer for more than two of those years. Steve had been extremely attracted to Laura the first time he met her, but he had grown to love her completely over the last two years. He had never before met someone so insightful, so intelligent, so creative, so beautiful.
As though she suddenly sensed that Steve was looking at her, Laura looked up from the work in which she was immersed and waved at him from next to their news van. She was smiling her usual “you’re doing great” smile. And then she rubbed her tummy to let Steve know she fully supported his annual habit of binging on pies.
Steve loved that smile.
He found amazing reassurance and comfort in that smile.
They had worked together closely for two years, and during that time had produced some top-notch, award-winning work together. Steve knew they were better together than they would ever be apart, and he knew he loved Laura with all his heart. But he hadn’t yet worked up the courage to report that particular story. He wasn’t sure Laura was ready to be exposed to that bit of news. She had made it quite clear many times during the course of normal conversation that workplace romance was one of the things she avoided at all costs.
“Better to find a new job than find yourself in an intimate relationship with a co-worker,” Steve had often heard her say.
Steve was terrified that she would go away if he acted on his affections, and her going away was a thought that was unbearable for him.
“I need to get my career going so we don’t have to necessarily be co-workers anymore,” thought Steve with determination as he looked back towards Laura.
Steve’s eyes settled upon their gaudily painted news van as Laura turned to speak with their cameraman Larry.
“KORN,” proclaimed the van loudly to the world in big red letters that were outlined in black and yellow.
“That pretty much sums it up,” thought Steve.
Despite his affection for the blue-haired ladies of the Midwest and their amazing pies, Steve knew his career was going nowhere as long as he was covering the annual “Great State Pie Bake Off” in Lincoln, Nebraska. After five years at KORN, his lack of career progress was becoming frustrating for him on an almost daily basis. He was certain he had far more to offer the world than a great head of hair, a winsome smile, and pies. But he also knew he would never get there if he continued much longer as a local field reporter.
In taking a reporter’s job in Lincoln originally, Steve had assumed he would be in line for an anchor role in the not-too-distant future. That was the whole point of starting out in a smaller market, have an opportunity to be an anchor and gain experience and exposure that he could parlay into an eventual network gig. He knew he needed to land and excel at a local-anchor position before the big boys would even consider moving him up the network-news food chain.
And then, on his first day at KORN, Steve had met Blair.
“Blair Davis,” thought Steve as he remembered the first time he had encountered the current evening-news anchor at KORN. Steve had watched Blair do the evening newscast at the end of his first day on the job, and he had known immediately that he had made a huge career mistake in coming to KORN.
Blair was fantastic. Great hair, great demeanor, talented delivery. Blair seemed to have it all. And he was young, younger than Steve by at least a few years, maybe even more than a few years if Steve were to really honest about their respective ages. Steve remembered thinking at the time that if Blair didn’t get moved up the corporate ladder at the network within five years, thereby making way for him, then his career would be in serious trouble. In five years he would be approaching that literal and figurative “grey area” for male newsmen trying to get their first shot at anchor. It was a grey area that could very easily spell the end of any budding news-anchor’s dreams – including Steve’s. Steve knew all too well from his education and experience in the news business that if a potential male news anchor didn’t get started in an anchor role while still appearing to be relatively young, then he wouldn’t ever get started. It was that simple.
“Anchor before the temples go grey or no way,” thought Steve as he considered his own personal motivational credo that he had carried with him since getting into the broadcast news business at the age of 23, right after graduating from the Brown University School of Journalism.
Steve Rogers was now 28 with a birthday less than 4 months away. He sighed a bit internally and looked towards Laura to see if he could catch her eye and once again engender a smile. He needed to satiate his “Laura smile habit” yet again. He estimated that his addictive needs were up to at least 42 smiles a day at this point.
“And the blackberries can’t be just any run-of-the-mill blackberries,” instructed the elderly woman before Steve in a very serious tone of voice, bringing him abruptly out of his reverie as she poked him in the chest insistently in order to punctuate her point.
“They have to be plump and sweet and just a smidgen over-ripened.” whispered the elderly woman in a secretive tone of voice. “I get all of mine from a town on the coast of Northern California. Magnificent blackberries there.”
Steve continued to nod, feigning as much interest as he could muster while continuing to smile his most winsome smile, occasionally glancing over at Laura who would smile back and wave at him every time he caught her eye.
“She has the most delicate, beautiful fingers and hands,” thought Steve becoming distracted again as he thought about Laura.
Steve looked over towards the van again and saw that Laura had turned away to use the driver’s side mirror to apply some fresh lip gloss and fix her gorgeous brunette hair. He hoped that the extra attention to her appearance was for his benefit. They had brought in a very large, very impressive Ferris Wheel for this year’s fair. It was a giant white-and-pink wheel that was appropriately named “Love’s Circle.” Steve thought that maybe a romantic early evening ride with Laura later on “Love’s Circle” would be an ideal way to help lift his spirits. They could rise together gracefully into the sky while looking out across the Nebraska plains at a beautiful Midwest sunset, and maybe, just maybe, he could at last throw caution to the wind, hold Laura’s hand, and finally tell her that he loved her completely.
“Or more likely chicken out again and suggest we go share a caramel apple instead,” thought Steve. He knew that he badly wanted to proclaim his love to Laura, but every time he started to do so it definitely felt like he was going to scare her away. He was, after all, her closest colleague at work, and she had made it perfectly clear that she did not believe in dating colleagues or co-workers.
“Better to be able to spend time with her and love her secretly than to frighten her and have her go away completely,” thought Steve.
He had been living by those words for almost two years now. But he knew that rationalizing those words and thoughts was getting harder and harder with every passing day. Something was going to give, he could feel it.
“We get ready MONTHS ahead of time, you have to if you want to make a prize-winning pie,” said Mary from South Home, Nebraska enthusiastically as she tugged on the sleeve of Steve’s sport coat.
Steve wasn’t sure when Mary had replaced the elderly woman who loved blackberries in speaking to him, but he knew for certain that she was “Mary from South Home, Nebraska.” It said so on the t-shirt she was wearing. Steve smiled, trying to hide the fact that he had been lost in his romantic fantasies about Laura again. Mary returned Steve’s smile and touched her hair a bit coyly as she looked up at his handsome jawline.
“I know a lot of people love Blueberry and Apple and Lemon and Pecan, but I think Cherry pies are the best. They’re so pretty!” continued “Mary from South Home, Nebraska” enthusiastically.
Steve nodded, smiled, and tried to stay focused.
Laura came over to him as “Mary from South Home, Nebraska” and the other ladies began to have a rather heated discussion about the merits of lard vs. butter vs. brand-name shortening in the making of truly professional-grade pie crust.
Steve smelled Laura’s perfume as she came close to him.
“She is so intoxicating,” thought Steve.
“How would you like to go for a ride on the giant Ferris Wheel with me later Laura?” blurted Steve before he even knew what he was saying.
He held his breath, looking at the ground, not sure he wanted to hear her answer, or even worse hear a pregnant, awkward pause of silence with no immediate answer forthcoming.
“Sure!” came Laura’s enthusiastic reply almost immediately.
Steve looked up into Laura’s smiling face and just about collapsed. He wanted to hold her, he wanted to discover and explore every nuance of her, he wanted to spend a lifetime and more with her, he wanted to herald his love for her to the entire universe.
“Great,” said Steve instead as he looked down and scooted a pebble around in the dirt with his shoe.
“So lame,” thought Steve to himself as he considered the complete inadequacy of his reply to Laura. He was going to have to get himself together if he was going to tell her of his love for her and be the man for her that he wanted to be.
Steve enjoyed Laura’s company the rest of the afternoon as they worked together to edit their story.
“It may just be pies, but it’s a really good story. It has flavor,” said Laura as she smiled up at Steve from the editing station in the van.
“And I want you to know, Steve, that I fully understand and support your annual addiction to bing pie eating,” continued Laura with a wink.
“Thank you Laura,” replied Steve with a wink and a smile of his own, his tummy still rumbling somewhat loudly and uncomfortably from its day-long siege.
Steve agreed with Laura about the story. It was really good. They had taken a somewhat untraditional angle this year, weaving some of Steve’s expressions and comments surrounding his arduous battle with pie into the fabric of the story. In the end they had a news piece that really did communicate something more than just prize-winning pies. It was humorous, it was interesting, and it touched upon the emotional stake and attachment everyday people had to events like the “Great State Pie Bake Off.”
“It’s a real story now,” thought Steve as he watched Laura’s handiwork roll by on the screen before him. She really was a top-notch editor and producer.
“You are amazing Laura,” said Steve, speaking out loud without really meaning to.
Laura stopped what she was doing, turned her head slowly and just stared quietly back at Steve. Their eyes met, and lingered. Steve felt like he was instantly connected to Laura’s soul. Laura just gazed into Steve’s eyes, deeply, as though she were trying to dive into him, seeking out an answer of some kind. Steve held her gaze as long as he could before he began to feel embarrassed at his unplanned and unintended outburst of affection. Breaking eye contact, Steve once again looked downward, resuming his game of “pebble soccer” in the dirt.
By the time the story was uploaded to the station for use by Blair Davis on the 6 o’clock evening news, the sun was just starting to touch the horizon, alighting it with flames of coral pink and tangerine orange. Steve stood very close to Laura outside the van looking at the incredible display of color.
“Want to go for that ride now?” asked Steve.
“Yes,” replied Laura without hesitation.
Without even thinking about it, Steve took Laura’s hand in his, and they started walking together toward the giant pink-and-white Ferris Wheel at the center of the fairgrounds. Steve never let go of Laura’s hand as he purchased their ride tickets. He was pretty sure he never wanted to let go of her hand again.
As they approached the “Love’s Circle” Ferris Wheel, Steve could see just how colossally huge it really was.
“Wowee,” said Laura next to him as they both gazed up at the giant wheel.
“I couldn’t agree more,” said Steve as he squeezed Laura’s hand gently to let her know he was there with her in every way.
“It looks almost as big as the London Eye,” said Laura with a touch of awe in her voice as she gazed up at the huge white wheel.
Steve looked up at the enormously impressive structure, thinking about the “London Eye.” He knew from reading about the world-famous Ferris Wheel in London which was called the “Eye” that it was almost 250-feet tall. The towering structure in front of them was probably closer to 150 feet tall, but was still an amazing site to behold as most Ferris Wheels on display at fairs and carnivals are normally no taller than about 50 feet. Also, unlike the “London Eye” and many of its similarly sized brethren, the “Love’s Circle” wheel still had cars that were open to the elements, not boxed in by Plexiglass. There were fanciful rails for safety surrounding each of the circular baskets, but the quaint little “carts” were still very open to the wind and the sky, making the experience of going for a ride on “Love’s Circle” a very exciting and potentially romantic proposition.
“Especially when sharing the ride with someone very special,” thought Steve as he glanced at Laura, feeling the warmth of her hand in his as they stood together in front of the towering wheel.
“It’s absolutely lovely Steve,” said Laura, squeezing his hand gently as a thank you for taking the time to show her the ride.
Steve had to agree with Laura yet again. The wheel did look simply tremendous as its lights began to glow with whimsical luminescence against the fading light of the day. Each little car on the giant wheel looked like a fanciful Victorian basket hanging from a curved hook at the bottom of a heart-shaped umbrella. Little white lights ran around the perimeter of both the baskets and the heart-shaped “umbrellas” that covered them, and thousands of red and pink lights adorned the wheel itself. Steve pictured the wheel at night and it almost took his breath away.
“Can you imagine what it looks like at night with all those beautiful lights fully glowing?” asked Laura.
“Yes,” replied Steve.
“Why does it have that stylized pink heart attached to its center?” asked Laura.
“It’s called ‘Love’s Circle’,” replied Steve as he gently caressed Laura’s hand. “According to the descriptions I have read it is meant to be more than just an amusement-park ride, it’s designed to be a piece of art that symbolizes the eternal, circular nature of true love.”
Steve felt Laura squeeze his hand this time as they both gazed in fascination at the huge, intricately designed pink “heart” at the center of the structure. The heart was made up of large strands of metal that looked a little like wisps of wind that were swirling towards each other until they eventually joined with one another in order to form one heart.
“Like two souls coming together out of the maelstrom of the universe and entwining to form a single heart,” said Steve softly, and then immediately felt somewhat embarrassed that he had actually said that aloud in front of Laura.
Steve glanced over at Laura to see if she had heard him. She apparently had, and she apparently agreed. Steve was thrilled to see Laura looking up at him with a very big smile. Steve shook himself mentally in order to break the spell of contemplative thinking that seemed to have overtaken both of them as they gazed upon the magnificent wheel.
“Let’s go ride!” said Steve enthusiastically as he pulled a now-laughing Laura along with him to the entrance.
Steve was pleased to discover that the number of riders at this time of the evening was pretty small, a fact for which he was thankful as he wanted to be alone in one of the romantically ornate “cars” with Laura. Steve caught the eye of the ride operator as they approached and the two men exchanged a knowing look that would only have been understood by other men. The operator winked at Steve and began segregating the line so as to get Steve an empty car where he and Laura could be alone together. Steve dug into his pocket and surreptitiously drew out a 20-dollar bill to hand to the operator along with the tickets. Steve returned the operator’s wink and deftly handed him the twenty and the tickets as he and Laura boarded the spectacular wheel.
“Thank you so much, my friend,” thought Steve, elated at his good fortune at being able to gracefully rise up into the sunset alone with Laura.
Steve was overjoyed as he settled into the car with Laura and saw that she had chosen to sit very close to him even though the car was designed to hold up to eight people. He intertwined his fingers with hers and gently pulled her just a little closer.
“Wow,” said Steve and Laura in unison as they started to move backwards and rise high up into the sky while gazing out at the horizon that was blazing with the crimson-and-gold glory of the evening sunset.
Steve and Laura rose slowly, their car swinging gently as the ride occasionally paused to let other riders board the cars below them. Steve’s heart was beating fast as they neared the top of the ride. Unless he had guessed incorrectly, the operator of “Love’s Circle” was going to pause the wheel while their car was at the very top of the ride. That would allow the two “lovers” a little time together to enjoy a spectacular view out over the plains of the Midwest while an incredible sunset blazed forth in the early evening sky.
It would be the perfect opportunity to finally tell Laura how he felt about her.
Steve felt like he couldn’t breathe.
“What if she runs away scared? What if she doesn’t think of me that way? What if she has someone else already that I don’t know about?” worried Steve, thoughts racing through his mind as his heart beat hard in his chest.
“What If, What If, What If,” thought Steve, berating himself a little. “I’ve been beaten down and defeated by ‘What If’ for two plus years now. No more.”
“She’s a smart girl. Probably smarter than me if truth be told. She deserves to know how I feel about her so that she can make her own decisions about what direction she wants her life to take. She is certainly capable of doing so.”
Steve steeled himself and decided he wasn’t going to “spare” Laura his love anymore. He wasn’t going to try and think or feel for her anymore. He was going to team up with her the way he did almost every day at work to sort out these emotions and figure out what lay ahead for both of them. He was going to proclaim his love for her.
“In about 3 minutes from the look of things,” thought Steve with just a touch of panic starting to run through him as he saw that he and Laura were now getting very near the top of the ride.
Steve felt a bolt of electricity run through him as his leg came to rest against Laura’s. He wondered if he should move away a bit, but Laura just smiled up at him and made no effort to reposition herself.
“This is going almost too well,” thought Steve with wonder.
He thought they must be well over 130 feet in the air at this point, and the glowing vista before them was incredible. Before he had come to Nebraska, Steve remembered many people asking him why he would want to go to Nebraska as there wasn’t anything to see. He was pretty sure none of those people had ever been the recipient of this particular view.
“It’s like the most perfect picture every painted,” said Laura with more than a little awe in her musical voice. “A masterpiece painted with God’s own brush.”
Steve looked at Laura and felt love and adoration swell within him. He loved the way she thought and how she was enamored with and intrigued by the world around her. He wasn’t sure which was more beautiful, Laura or the incredible vista that flared with color before them.
“I think I will just enjoy them both,” thought Steve as a growing sense of ease and contentment began to replace his feelings of anxiety and fear. It really did feel like this was meant to be, like he and Laura were supposed to be together. He was sure Laura could feel it too.
And then they were at the top.
The wheel slowed even more, then stopped, just as Steve had expected. The car they were in swung gently back and forth as a result of the sudden shift in their momentum and Steve felt Laura’s grip tighten on his hand.
“Incredible,” breathed Steve and Laura almost in unison as they took in the amazing view that was laid out before them. The sky was afire with deeper hues of crimson and orange now as the day crept closer to its close, and the pale, beginning shades of a giant harvest moon were already visible in the fading light of the evening sky.
Steve felt Laura shiver a little next to him. He wasn’t sure if it was emotion or a sudden chill from the crisp air, but either way he wanted to comfort her. He confidently wrapped his arm around her, pulling her close and re-clasping her hand in his own.
Steve had so much to say, but somehow it just seemed right to sit in silence holding each other for awhile. He felt like he wanted to hold Laura in his arms forever. Steve’s heart almost stopped when Laura laid her head against his chest.
Their basket began to swing gently as the wheel slowly commenced turning once more. It was time to talk to Laura – before he lost his nerve and his chance. Their forever had finally come.
“Laura,” Steve began, holding her hand tightly while staring deeply into her eyes.
“Clunk! CLANK! BOOM...!” heard Steve as he felt the car they were in shift violently. Steve instinctively locked one arm around Laura while hooking the other securely to the rail next to him. He wasn’t sure what had happened, but the sound he had just heard worried him greatly. The booming sound had been huge, and it continued to reverberated and resonated with power throughout the entire metal structure. It felt to Steve like the soul of the great wheel was shaking and vibrating with fear.
“BOOM!” heard Steve again as the entire wheel shook violently, lurching and shifting as a feeling of abrupt weightlessness grabbed at him. The ride bucked tremendously and dropped  them down at least 10 feet in free fall before something caught and their car came to a sudden, violent stop. Their quaint little basket was now doing more than swinging gently, it was pitching back and forth dangerously as a result of being stopped hard after performing its brief free fall. As they swung and swayed precariously, Steve watched the merciless ground more than 100 feet below them swing past repeatedly, as though it were waving to them, welcoming all Ferris Wheel riders with its hard smile to come and join it in its eternal act of greeting.
Steve heard screams and cries for help from above him. He craned his head around and upwards as best he could while trying to maintain an adequate grip on both Laura and the Ferris Wheel car that they were still very fortunate to be riding in.
“Not good,” thought Steve with alarm as he saw the basket above him was filled with four very-frightened kids – two boys and two girls – all about 12 years old. Their basket was even further askew, and they were trying their best to hang on for dear life. Steve could see at least two of them were rapidly losing the battle.
“I have to help those kids somehow,” thought Steve desperately as he considered he and Laura’s own precarious position.
Another “CLANK!” and “BOOM!” echoed through the wheel from below, this time accompanied by a slow, metal groan.  The sound vibrated fearfully throughout the structure – seemingly through every cell and fiber that made up the giant wheel. The children screamed even louder, their voices splitting the fall air with wails of abject fear.
And then Steve and Laura were falling again.
Steve realized that Laura was now screaming as well, clinging to him desperately as she buried her head in his chest. Steve couldn’t blame her. He felt like screaming himself, but a combination of shock and disbelief seemed to have gripped his soul. He felt paralyzed, helpless, like he couldn’t speak, move or even think very well. He was pretty sure that had he tried to say anything, everything would have come out very “sloooooooooooowwww...” It felt to Steve like the entire world had shifted into some sort of altered state of semi-paralysis.
The ride abruptly stopped again, the metal groaning anew as the gigantic wheel pitched even  further to the left. Steve held on with everything he had as their car began swinging violently from the sudden cessation of their rapid descent.
The ride began to shake and shimmy, seemingly threatening to completely break free of whatever still held it in place, like a child trying to escape her mother’s arms in order to throw herself to the ground in a tantrum.
Steve looked up again to check on the children above and was relieved to see that, although obviously scared to death, all four had gotten themselves footholds. They could now utilize their legs as well as their arms to help them stay in position on the Ferris Wheel and away from the beckoning firmament below. Steve tried to make eye contact with one of the little girls above him who looked particularly frightened, her eyes as big as saucers, her mouth opening and closing slowly without sound as shock and panic besieged her.
“Look at me,” Steve willed, and to his surprise, the little girl did. Steve held her gaze forcefully and communicated with his soul that she needed to hang on for just a little while longer because he was coming to get her. The little girl’s eyes seemed to clear as she looked down at Steve, her mouth stopping its involuntarily opening and closing as she silently formed the words “ok.”
But before Steve could act, there was another colossal jolt and a lurch, and Laura screamed Steve’s name as she was ripped from his arms. Steve watched in utter disbelief as Laura began to pitch forward out of the car – straight towards the still-waving, very-hard ground below them. Steve threw himself towards Laura, reaching out as far as he could to grab her before she fell from the car to almost certain death below. He lunged recklessly, dangerously, and was elated to feel his hand close around the belt on Laura’s jeans. On most days he loved seeing Laura in a pretty dress. Today he couldn’t have been happier that her chosen attire was Wranglers, boots, and a solid leather belt. He held on for all he was worth. He was not going to lose Laura like this.
“Laura, crawl up over me and grab onto the seat,” instructed Steve as he felt the grip of his anchor hand begin to loosen on the rail above him.
“Out of time,” thought Steve as he felt his hold on the rail give way.
“I love you Laura,” said Steve softly as they fell towards the front of the car, the ground below continuing to beckon to them, welcoming all initiates into its eternal mission of facing and waving back at the sky.


Chapter 26

Miles sat lost in thought as he jabbed his fork distractedly into a pale-orange square of cantaloupe on his plate, placing the piece of fruit in his mouth with a rather robotic motion. Miles felt as much as heard the fragile plastic fork groan and make a loud “crack” in his mouth as he accidentally bit down on the tines. He hurriedly spat both the remains of his eating utensil and the melon back onto his plate. Miles was sitting with Immanuel in the living room of their cottage, staring at their old television without really seeing it. He was “watching” “Good Morning America” while trying to choke down some eggs, coffee, and a bit of toast.
Miles found he didn’t really have much of an appetite these days. He was far too obsessed with his mission to save Catherine to take much time to think or care about food. If he could have, Miles would gladly have transitioned himself to some sort of plant being that could photosynthesize for sustenance. Miles had often found himself thinking over the years that plants had definitely figured out a far better way to survive.
“Just sit outside in the sun, gaze at the beauty of the earth and sky all day, and ‘eat’,” thought Miles with a smile, and then said “groovy” aloud as he considered how much his friend and constant companion Bruce Badeau would also like that particular idea.
The same thoughts about photosynthesis instead of food didn’t go for the DoBernard, however. He sat next to Miles displaying his usual mildly crazy, broken-toothed smile, transfixed by the sight and smell of cheese-laced scrambled eggs and toast so near to him. Miles flipped the DoBernard a small piece of toast piled with eggs, the huge dog grabbing it out of mid-air and enthusiastically chomping it down.
“Woof...” barked the DoBernard softly, letting Miles know he appreciated him sharing.
As he placed another piece of melon in his mouth, this time gently with his fingers, Miles thought about the task that had been given him, his “art show” for God. It still seemed like an absolutely insane idea when he tried to intellectualize the endeavor, when he considered it with human “rationality.” But the task was his, nonetheless. It had been given to him to pursue and complete. Of course he would have preferred to know all the specifics of the endeavor, and a guarantee of success wouldn’t have been bad either. But he was quickly realizing that he didn’t make the rules in this game, he merely had the choice of whether or not to follow them. And the more in tune with God’s rules he was, the better his chances for success would be. He was still crushed that his beloved Catherine should be made to suffer in any way, but he was grateful that he had at least been given the opportunity to intercede on her behalf. The possibility at least existed that he could help save her from the psychological cube of despair and isolation in which she was now encased. There was hope.
Miles thought again how ironic it was that Catherine didn’t know she was in a perfect little cottage in the midst of an idyllic country setting as she sat transfixed in a single corner of that upstairs bedroom, her gaze never wavering from a single patch of hardwood floor in front of her. It was a location filled with scenic beauty that he knew she would love, if only he could open her eyes and see the wider world around her.
“Were there others as well? Others like Catherine?” thought Miles suddenly, wondering how many of the colorful little cottages he had seen in that idyllic country setting might contain occupants in a similar state of mental anguish. It was a somewhat disheartening thought, as there had been thousands of those little cottages scattered about the landscape, and they appeared to go on all the way to the horizon, as far as the eye could see. Miles thought he might like to help them all someday if possible. Perhaps he and Catherine could help them together.
His first step, however, was to help Catherine, and he needed some guidance and explicit instructions on how he was supposed to perform that particular feat. He didn’t want to just go off half-cocked on his own, thinking that he was doing the right thing. He wanted to be sure that his actions were in line with what Ashley had explained was expected of him. Miles was terrified that without further guidance, he would make a mistake of some kind, thus endangering his chances of being able to help his beloved wife. Miles really had no idea what the eventual “help” for his wife might entail, assuming he was able to successfully complete mission. He simply had to trust Ashley, his new guidance counselor Jesus, and whatever other universal powers and fates that might also be involved in the writing of his story. He had been told that if he held up his end of the bargain, Catherine would indeed receive aid. He had to cling to the belief that he had been told the truth. It was all he had. The alternative, that Catherine might really be suffering, and her suffering could go on for all time, without pause, without respite, was simply unbearable.
“Maybe I am being taught a lesson about faith,” considered Miles. “Maybe I need to just take what is given to me, at the time it is given to me, and not worry so much about trying to plan ahead.”
“Still, a little guidance would be nice, even the faithful must need guidance occasionally.”
“Give me something to work with here God,” said Miles as he thought again about the first sculpture in his art show for God, puzzling once more over what he was supposed to do with the thing once it was complete.
He had been working on the roller-coaster sculpture for a couple of months now and had actually made fairly solid progress. He and Bruce had created something together that he would previously have thought would have been an impossible achievement. Had he been asked a year ago as to whether or not he could create such a piece, Miles would have replied that he didn’t think he had it in him, to create such intricate beauty, such magic. It was clear now, however, that he and Bruce were constructing something that was going to be a truly amazing piece of artwork.
“It’s going to be spectacular,” thought Miles as he pictured the completed piece in his mind.
Miles had started out with nothing more than some sketches, plans, and a renewed sense of creativity that he had received from his time with Hobson Green in Hobson’s gallery. Now, a scant few months later, he had turned his memories of the roller coaster he had watched with Ashley atop the Dulcis Candy Shoppe into something he could put his hands on and feel, into something that was tangible. The piece had real merit, it was work he could be proud of and present to the world with confidence as a work of art with innate value.
Miles was still a little dumbfounded that he and Bruce had actually managed to reproduce the little roller coaster in amazingly accurate detail. Miles found the likeness of his sculpture to the one from his vision with Ashley to be a little scary actually. He still couldn’t really believe that he and Bruce had somehow been able to create such an incredible piece of sculpture. The accomplishment seemed surreal, almost impossible. But there it was, in the workshop out in back of their little seaside cottage, continuing to almost magically solidify its existence in the real world more tangibly with each passing day.
“But where am I supposed to put the thing?” thought Miles with a slight sense of desperation.  “And just what are the details of this grand plan that I am supposed to be following!?”
Miles didn’t understand why he had not yet received any guidance regarding where he was supposed to exhibit the sculpture. He also knew he needed something or someone to help him take God’s message of “We Love You” to the entire world. That was, after all, the crux of his “mission” as Miles saw it, to take the concept of “We Love You” to as wide an audience as possible so that the world might be impacted in a positive way by the power of the message.
 Miles assumed media exposure had to be a part of God’s plan. He would need some sort of media exposure if he were going to reach the largest audience possible for God’s “We Love You” message to the world. Miles remembered that during his “Angel vision” in the terrible blackness, there had been dozens of media trucks and reporters gathered everywhere in order to report on the event. He just wasn’t sure how to pursue a media campaign that needed to kick off with a roller coaster sculpture atop a women’s clinic somewhere. Although Miles was certainly familiar with manipulating and utilizing the media from his many years spent running his own clinic in Phoenix, he wasn’t sure at all how to handle this particular situation. He wasn’t exactly dealing with a “normal” media campaign.
“For Immediate Release,” thought Miles as he pictured writing a press release for his upcoming art show.
“At the behest of God, an art show will be conducted promptly at sunrise this Saturday morning atop the local women’s clinic. God and his heavenly host want to communicate a message of ‘We Love You’ to the entire world, and they want to use the art of sculpture to do it. Come see ‘God’s Roller Coaster,’ a colossal piece of metal artwork that is guaranteed to thrill and amaze with its intricate movements and fascinating inner workings. There is no fee to attend this event, and the show is open to everyone. Free balloons will also be available for children of all ages.”
“That’s more likely to get me arrested than get me any media coverage,” thought Miles a little despondently as he dropped his face into his hands. He wanted – he needed – to help Catherine. He didn’t understand why God didn’t just explicitly give him all the answers he needed.
Immanuel nudged up against Miles’ leg, obviously sensing that he needed some reassurance and affection. Miles was about to thank him for the gesture when he had a thought streak through his mind like a bolt of lightning.
“Maybe I need to stop despairing and railing against the universe and just ask for some help,” thought Miles suddenly. “Maybe I need to pray.”
The thought struck Miles with total clarity, as though it had always been there for him, hiding in the recesses of his mind, just waiting to be freed. But how exactly did one ask God for guidance and direction? He may have been baptized by Bruce in the surf of the Pacific Ocean recently, but that baptism hadn’t come with an instruction manual for prayer.
“Woof! warf!” barked the DoBernard, either encouraging Miles or requesting additional eggs and toast.
Miles got down on his knees and began to pray as best he could.
“God, if you are up there, and I am pretty sure you are based on everything you have shown me these past few months, please send me some answers and provide me with some guidance,” prayed Miles quietly. “Ashley said that I would be provided with ‘eyes to see and ears to hear’, but these days I feel like I am blind and am only hearing the breeze coming off the sea. I feel like I am grasping at the wind Lord. Can you help me find and clearly see the answers I seek?”
 “And please take care of Catherine and Ashley until I can be with them again,” besought Miles as the faces of his beloved wife and daughter formed in his mind.
“Know that I pray to you Father in the name of Jesus Christ, your son, my savior. Amen.”
Miles breathed out raggedly and felt himself shudder with emotion, Immanuel nudging him in the back as he did so.
“And, yes, you can have the rest of the eggs,” said Miles over his shoulder.
Something on the television caught Miles’ attention as he passed his plate to the DoBernard. It looked like a reporter for “Good Morning America” was doing a helicopter fly-by of some tremendous disaster somewhere, and there looked to be a giant pink-and-white Ferris Wheel at the center of it all. The camera in the sky showed the wheel hanging crazily to the side at an extreme angle, still tethered to a massive anchoring post by torn and stretched cables that had prevented the giant wheel from falling completely on its side. It looked to Miles as though the wheel had intended to crash all the way to the ground but had somehow gotten distracted in the process.
“A giant Ferris Wheel disaster?” thought Miles as he stared in disbelief at the television screen.
And then the camera zoomed in and displayed the ornately stylized, flowing pink “heart” at the center of the wheel as the reporter described the story behind the Ferris Wheel named “Love’s Circle.”
Miles shot up like a bolt, spilling the remaining eggs, toast and cantaloupe across the floor, much to the delight of the DoBernard who began eagerly assuming his sacred duty as the family vacuum cleaner. Miles practically jumped across the room in order to turn up the volume on the old TV, his bad leg protesting greatly at the abrupt and somewhat-violent movement.
Miles thought the “Love’s Circle” Ferris Wheel looked an awful lot like the little “We Love You” sculpture in Bruce’s van.
“Godpost?” thought Miles as he sat down on the floor directly in front of the television like a little boy up for some early morning Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck on a Saturday morning – sans folding his legs up underneath him as there was absolutely no way his legs would ever perform that particular feat again.
“And now let’s go live to the scene of what could have been an incredible calamity,” said the very-pretty blonde news woman whom the entire world knew as “Good Morning America’s” Susan Sampson.
“I believe we have Steve Rogers from our local affiliate KORN in Lincoln, Nebraska with us this morning?”
Miles watched as the screen split to incorporate a handsome young man who Miles thought looked an awful lot like Mel Gibson, except with a better smile if that were even possible.
“Now there is someone who really should be in TV news,” thought Miles as he looked at the smiling young man naturally interact with the camera. There was something about Steve Rogers that Miles liked almost immediately.
“First, let me ask how you are Steve. I understand you were actually on the Ferris Wheel when all of this occurred?” asked Susan Sampson, a genuine sense of awe and disbelief touching the edges of her voice. The camera cut away momentarily as Susan was speaking to show another panoramic view of the area, reinforcing the potential magnitude of the disaster.
“I was indeed unfortunate enough to have that experience Susan,” chuckled Steve naturally.
“A Ferris Wheel of this size is a big deal around these parts, so my field producer and I decided to give the ride a whirl after our work was done for the day. I have to say that overall, it was an incredible experience really. Oh, and we are both just fine,” said Steve easily with a smile.
“It’s great to hear that you are ok Steve,” stated Susan earnestly.
“We also have reports here, Steve, that you were responsible for rescuing some children from the ride as well?” continued Susan with an almost breathless tone to her voice.
“She is so good,” thought Miles as he watched Susan Sampson perform her craft with practiced ease.
“Well, I did lend a hand,” responded Steve sedately, “but those kids pretty much got themselves down on their own. I just provided a bit of inspiration and some coaching. We had to act fast and get them out of there as quickly as possible. The car they were riding in was very close to breaking loose from its moorings and crashing to the ground about 90 feet below.”
“Incredible,” said Susan breathlessly in a very genuine tone of voice.
“On a serious note, Steve, do you have any information on injuries of any kind? The initial reports are that no one was seriously injured, can you confirm this?” queried Susan, seemingly regaining a composure she had never really lost.
“Amazingly Susan, there were no injuries that I heard about beyond a broken arm and a couple of sprained ankles,” answered Steve. “God didn’t seem to like that Ferris Wheel very much, but he sure seemed to be looking out for those riding it.”
Susan laughed for real at Steve’s insightful humor.
“He’s a natural,” thought Miles as he watched Steve Rogers from KORN in Lincoln, Nebraska gracefully and graciously interact with the world-famous Susan Sampson, showing no outward signs of anxiety or intimidation as he did so. Steve interacted with Susan easily, effortlessly. He made it appear as though he and Susan were old friends whose families were close enough to perhaps vacation together occasionally.  
“Well, we are relieved to hear everybody is fine and this didn’t turn out to be a tremendous calamity,” continued Susan. “Is it correct that you work as a reporter at KORN in Lincoln, Nebraska where all this occurred, Steve? Is that right?”
Miles scooted himself over to the old driftwood coffee table in front of the couch in order to retrieve his laptop. He wanted to do a little research on Lincoln, Nebraska. He was reasonably certain that he was going to find something very interesting.
“I am indeed a field reporter with KORN here in Nebraska,” answered Steve with a truly endearing smile as he continued to interact naturally with the lead anchor from “Good Morning America.” “We spent most of our day yesterday covering the annual ‘Great State Pie Bake Off’, where I must say the best pies in the world are to be had from some of Nebraska’s finest ladies.”
“Did you get to enjoy some pie Steve?” asked the attractive GMA anchor knowingly, obviously familiar with the rites of reporting food stories in general and the expectations of the interviewees for frequent taste tests by any reporter covering their story.
“A ‘fair’ amount, Susan,” replied Steve, feeling his stomach rumble a little with not-too-distant memories as he looked back at Susan with a bit of a co-conspirator grin. “I was fortunate enough to taste everything from Apple, to Peach, to Blackberry, to Pecan, to Cherry – with a little Lemon Meringue thrown in for good measure.”
Miles was enjoying watching the exchange between Susan and Steve as he fired up his laptop in order to access the Internet and do a little research on Lincoln. He found himself somewhat amused by Susan’s playful, somewhat-coquettish tone as she interacted with Steve. He almost expected her to wink at him at any moment. Miles thought that Steve Rogers probably made a lot of women want to wink.
“Well, I just want to say that you are a real hero Steve,” said Susan seriously. “We could use someone like you up here with us at the network.”
Miles noticed that Steve glanced off camera somewhere as Susan made that last statement. He wondered at what – or who – Steve had been looking.
“Thank you for that very kind comment Susan,” replied Steve in a confident, respectful tone of voice.
“As long as there are pies to be eaten and fairs to attend, I’m game,” continued Steve, smiling easily again into the camera.
“Hey, it’s Mel Gibson,” exclaimed Bruce as he came ambling into the living room in his usual easy manner. He had arrived just in time to see the interview with Steve wrap up and the DoBernard finish up his vacuuming chores.
Miles laughed at Bruce’s Mel comment, and then paused as a picture of a women’s clinic in Lincoln appeared in the search results on his laptop display. He quickly scanned the “Services” section for the clinic and saw that the facility did indeed provide “choice procedures,” as he used to call them.
 “Not sure what kind of choice it is to at least temporarily erase a small piece of universal promise. From what I have seen, it’s a tragic one for both mother and child,” was the thought that suddenly came unbidden into Miles’ mind. Interestingly, the thought was accompanied by an overwhelming feeling of forgiveness and redemption as he remembered his time in the tower with Ashley and what had seemed like millions of newborn infants.
“We Love You,” thought Miles as those millions of cherubic voices once again thundered in his head with their joyful, thunderous mantra.
Miles continued to investigate, checking out photos, schedules, and general information about the clinic. He poured through all the information available on the clinic’s site, then dove into Google maps and went over the entire building and the surrounding neighborhood. He was even able to access detailed information concerning the history of the building as well as some of the construction history for the site.
“It’s perfect,” thought Miles as he looked at the rustic, but sturdy structure, remembering the stark black-and-white sign that had adorned the Dulcis candy store in his vision with Ashley.
“Women’s Clinic,” remembered Miles as he pictured the weathered old sign that had been painted in whitewash with tears of black dripping down. He remembered too the balloons, the colossal lightning storm, and Ashley’s outstretched hands, delicate child’s hands that had held a mass of crimson fragments.
Miles discovered that the building for the women’s clinic in Lincoln was made of very sturdy brick, was about three stories high, and had a magnificently flat roof that appeared ideal for supporting a rather massive roller-coaster sculpture. The building also sat on a main thoroughfare, which meant there would be a good number of people who would see the sculpture – if he and Bruce could actually pull off getting it in place. The rather public venue would be great for exposure, but would make things harder in terms of assembly and construction.
“I think we do want a sizable live audience for any media coverage that comes our way,” thought Miles. It made sense that a crowd would add to the power of the story.
“Find anything interesting,” said Bruce from his position next to the DoBernard.
“Yes, I think I did my friend,” replied Miles as he looked up at the TV again.
“Mel Gibson,” thought Miles as he watched Steve and Susan still chatting away amiably, like they had been the best of friends for years.
“Steve Rogers,” thought Miles, another “Godpost lightning bolt” tearing through him as he thought about the Mel Gibson look-alike from KORN news in Lincoln, Nebraska.
“Maybe Steve Rogers might be willing to help us get some serious media exposure for our art show,” considered Miles introspectively.
Miles thought Steve certainly seemed like the type of reporter who would approach and report an issue with intellectual honesty. Plus, he was likable and very good looking. He would be a tremendous asset to their team.
“‘Love’s Circle’,” read Bruce on the screen as “Good Morning America” cut back to aerial shots of the almost-disaster scene.
“Godpost,” thought Miles again as he looked at the television with Bruce, watching the camera pan around the giant wheel and focus in on the amazingly crafted pink heart that adorned its center.
“Eyes to see and ears to hear,” echoed Ashley’s angelic voice in Miles’ mind.
“Thank you God for answering my prayers this day and for providing me with the guidance and answers I needed,” prayed Miles silently.
“Woof! warf!” agreed the DoBernard as he chomped down the last of the cheese-laced eggs on the floor and began nosing around for any further remains that he might have missed.
“Bruce, I finally know where we are supposed to put our roller coaster once it is complete, and I know who is supposed to help us advertise it,” said Miles with certainty, caressing the little piece of driftwood that Bruce had found for him down on the beach and which now adorned the top of his cane.
“Groovy,” replied Bruce in his usual low-key tone of voice, breaking out a blueberry muffin and munching it enthusiastically while tearing off small bites and tossing them to their ever-hungry canine family member.
“And repentance and forgiveness of sins will be preached in his name to all nations, beginning at Jerusalem – or Lincoln, Nebraska,” paraphrased Bruce from the Bible with a grin.
Miles just stared at his friend in amazement. He wasn’t sure he would every get used to Bruce’s uncanny ability to not only quote the Bible, but to repeatedly dig out phrases that were meaningful and contextually appropriate to whatever the topic of conversation might be. Bruce had definitely been poured out of the “strong silent type” mold and consequently didn’t participate in idle conversation very much, but when he did... Wow.
“Talk about speaking for effect,” thought Miles as he smiled back at his friend, finding himself once again fascinated at the deep, peaceful calm Bruce emanated, at the way he seemed to possess an amused understanding of the entire universe and its intricate inner workings.
“Bruce, you are an amazing human being and an incredible friend,” blurted Miles suddenly.
“Woof!” agreed Immanuel.
Bruce simply stood and bowed gracefully, complimenting his friends upon their obvious wisdom by smiling grandly.

Chapter 27

Miles Trebuchet, Bruce Badeau, and Immanuel stood together quietly in a kind of revered silence. Bruce held a long rope lightly in his rough, calloused hands, his arm twitching slightly with excitement and anticipation.
“Ready?” asked Bruce.
“No,” replied Miles uncertainly, leaning his weight against the security of his maple walking cane while absently caressing its custom driftwood handle.
“Woof!” barked the DoBernard.
“That’s good enough for me,” said Bruce – and pulled.
A small block of wood that had been keeping a little coaster car from moving downhill shot back towards Miles and Bruce, skittering across the floor and coming to rest at their feet. The little car started to glide forward effortlessly on the huge circular track that sat before them in their voluminous workshop. The weight of the car and the fairly steep slope of the track made it pick up speed quickly, and Miles began to grin as he heard a familiar “clattering” sound begin to emanate from the “ride.”
“That’s a ‘clattering’ I have heard before,” thought Miles fondly as he remembered his last vision with Ashley in front of the Dulcis Candy Shoppe in Fern Grove. They had stood together and marveled at the incredible craftsmanship and intricacy of the sculpture which had sat atop that building.
“And it had moved,” remembered Miles with the usual sense of awe and fascination he felt when in the presence of sculptures and artwork that seemed to be cut from the same creative cloth that Hobson Green utilized for his work.
The little car continued to clatter around the track, the sculpted children riding in the car smiling with eternal joy, their arms raised in frozen tribute to the wonder and thrill of life.
“Hooray!” cheered Miles, unable to control his enthusiasm as three balloons were cut loose perfectly from the first launching station, followed closely by four more from the second as the little car flew around the bottom of the coaster track.
He and Bruce had filled up 50 red and pink balloons with helium and had placed 25 of each at the two dispersal stations. Miles was fascinated by the relative simplicity of the balloon-dispersal mechanism that Bruce had designed. The balloons were simply tied off on a metal bar that had another hollow pipe fitted around it that acted as a “sleeve.” The sleeve was pushed up against a spring at the end of the anchoring bar and was held in place by a simple ratcheting mechanism. As the coaster car zoomed past the dispersal station, a small blade on the car would cut a few balloons loose and the car itself would strike a spring-loaded lever that would ratchet the sleeve forward, pushing more balloons into place for the next pass of the car. Miles had been amazed by the simple-but-effective engineering work Bruce had done on the device.
“Your balloon launcher is pure genius, Bruce!” exclaimed Miles excitedly as he watched the red and pink balloons fly up into the rafters of the workshop.
Miles was truly astounded as he gazed upon their handiwork that the sculpture looked just like it had when he had first seen it with Ashley on top of the Dulces Candy Shoppe. He was thrilled that their little team – he and Bruce and Immanuel – had been able to reproduce the coaster so precisely, in such intricate detail.
“I can’t believe we really did it,” thought Miles with a feeling of awe and a very-satisfying sense of accomplishment.
Everything on the ride seemed to be working perfectly, which was fantastic considering they had just achieved their fastest assembly time yet. He and Bruce had spent the last 2 hours, 47 minutes and 12 seconds working as fast as they could in putting together the roller coaster. From Miles count, it was the 20th time they had assembled the sculpture in the past couple of weeks. Both men knew they wouldn’t have a lot of time to construct a complex sculpture on the top of a building in the middle of downtown Lincoln, not if they wanted to do so without being “interrupted” by the local authorities. It was critical then that they be able to operate effectively while also working very quickly. And that meant practice, and plenty of it.
Miles thought they might actually be able to get away with as much as five or six hours of setup time, as they would still be under the cover of darkness for that entire span of time. But he wanted as much of a buffer as possible between the night and the day, and he felt that anything over three hours of setup time was risking the very real possibility of discovery and arrest. No matter what, they absolutely did not want to still be up on top of that building when the morning light began to once again filter through the waking world. The goal they were shooting for was to be able to assemble their roller-coaster sculpture in no more than three hours.
“Just to be safe,” thought Miles as he considered how hard he and Bruce had practiced setting up the complex sculpture over the past few weeks. Tonight they had hit their mark for the first time and had assembled everything in under three hours.
Miles watched as the little coaster car with the laughing children careened around the lower portion of the track again, only to be slowed and caught as it once more approached the top of the ride.
“Clank, Clack, Clank, Clack...” went the gears responsible for driving the pulley mechanism that repositioned the car at the top of the ride. The little car seemed to dutifully obey the clanking, ratcheting sounds as it rose steadfastly uphill on its way back to its original starting point.
“Go baby, go,” thought Miles, mentally crossing his fingers as he watched the giant spring they had installed very slowly uncoil as it provided the force necessary to drive the clacking, clanking gears. Miles estimated that once that spring was fully wound, they could get 50 or so circuits out of the ride before they would need to wind it up again, which was no small task in and of itself. Even using the best tenets of leverage and gears, it was incredibly hard work to turn the “handle” that was responsible for winding their giant “master spring.”
Miles wondered if Bruce was going to trigger the fireworks at the top of the ride this time, and then was rewarded with a fountain of brilliantly bright yellow and purple sparks as the little car reached the apex.
“Oooooh! Ahhhhh!” said Bruce and Miles almost in unison, both of them enjoying the fireworks and the moment greatly.
“Woof!” barked the DoBernard, joining in enthusiastically on all the excitement.
Much to Miles’ relief, Bruce’s remote-controlled fireworks display worked perfectly. The original sculpture that Miles had seen with Ashley on top of the Dulcis Candy Shoppe had utilized a constantly burning torch in order to set off the fireworks display, but he and Bruce had both decided that having a burning torch attached to the ride was potentially a very-large fire hazard. They had instead designed a remote-controlled firing mechanism that could be triggered from up to three miles away. They certainly weren’t looking to burn down any buildings after all. Miles was pretty sure that incinerating things was pretty much anathema to their message of “We Love You.”
“Thank God for Bruce’s scientific and engineering abilities,” thought Miles for about the thousandth time in the past few months. Miles considered again how impossible the project would have been for him to accomplish on his own, without his friends and helpers Bruce and Immanuel.
“It’s as much engineering as it is artwork,” thought Miles as he watched the little car roll past the fireworks display at the top, turn to the right slightly, and start to descend again.
“Art-gineering,” thought Miles with a grin.
“Thank you Bruce,” said Miles, not realizing he had spoken aloud as he watched the little coaster car start to race downhill again, setting free three more balloons to soar upward into the rafters.
“You’re welcome,” replied Bruce without taking his eyes from the sculpture as he sat down cross-legged on the floor next to Immanuel and Miles, positioning himself comfortably in order to see whether the next several trips around for the coaster would be as successful as the first few.
Miles watched the metal “children” in the little coaster car smile with eternal glee as their little coaster car careened downhill again towards the fastest portion of the ride. Miles was overjoyed to see that the large, cursive bronze letters he had added to the side of the coaster car seemed to be holding up very well despite the rather rough ride they were undergoing as the little coaster car rattled and swayed around the track at sometimes dizzying speeds.
“Safe Haven,” read Miles as he recalled how his research on Lincoln, Nebraska had revealed that Nebraska had recently joined most other states in passing a “Safe Haven” law.
Miles, being in the medical field, knew these types of laws were designed to help overwhelmed women by allowing them to drop off their babies if necessary at local hospitals or fire stations or police departments – without fear of reprisal or penalty. Miles thought that every state should have a safe-haven law of some sort and that it was a great idea to allow troubled or overwhelmed mothers to have the option of allowing others to take care of their babies for them if circumstances somehow dictated such drastic action.
Miles also thought, however, that mothers should not necessarily lose their babies forever if they chose to deliver their children temporarily to a “Safe Haven.” Miles realized suddenly that his feelings and thoughts on motherhood in general seemed to have evolved in the past year such that he now thought it extremely strange that the “choices” offered to women were so incredibly Draconian. Women were essentially offered only two options if they felt incapable of coping with motherhood: abortion or permanent adoption. Either one meant they would forever lose their child, and perhaps themselves as well.
“Why couldn’t there be a third option, or a fourth, or a fifth, or many more?” Miles thought. “It’s one thing to have to live by God’s rules, they simply are what they are and must be obeyed. But these are arbitrary rules made by men.”
“These ‘rules’ can be changed.”
Why couldn’t there be “Safe Haven Homes” for troubled mothers and their children? Places where mothers who might only need a little temporary assistance could get help with the day-to-day duties of being a mother, but without losing their parental rights. They could still visit and care for their beloved children as much as they wanted until such time as they felt prepared to resume their duties as full-time mothers. The children could have a good home in an environment that would foster a sense of community and fraternity, and women could receive the assistance they needed – without having to potentially lose their children forever. Plus, these homes could offer additional services like education and training, employment assistance and counseling services. And adoption could still be an option if mothers decided at some point that they were not going to be able to cope with the demands of motherhood on a long-term basis.
“It would be better than abortion, which never helps anyone,” thought Miles, remembering again his time with the cherubic infants in the Tower, his experiences living the lives of promise that had been ended prematurely once again coursing through him.
Miles wasn’t sure if his idea would work or not, but he thought it sounded like something with enough merit to at least warrant some consideration and perhaps a trial run somewhere. He had added his “Safe Haven” message to the side of the children’s little coaster car in the hope that his symbolic home for them would resonate with one or more kindred spirits out there somewhere and that things might just change for the better as a result.
“Surely a society that prides itself on its compassion and empathy can do better than what the current paradigm offers,” thought Miles, hope rising in him again that their “art-gineering” sculpture  might someday make a difference, that it might carry their message of “We Love You” to not only Nebraska, but to the wider world as well.
“Isn’t that really the underlying purpose of art anyway?” thought Miles as he looked upon the massive, moving sculpture before him. “To challenge dogma, to push up against the sensitive, uncomfortable areas, to shift paradigms peacefully?”
“We  You,” read Miles as he looked at the giant, stylized letters he had welded to the top of the ride. Miles was pretty sure he and Bruce had created a “We Love You” that was going to be legible for everyone, even for those who might be separated from the message by great distances.
Miles examined their work of art carefully as the little car began slowly “clacking” and “clanking” its way to the top of the sculpture again for yet another ride around the track. The modular construction they had employed in order to make the sculpture easy to transport and assemble was holding up very well. Miles had been a little worried that creating the sculpture in modular pieces would leave the piece too frail to withstand the sometimes violent motion of the car as it flew rambunctiously around the little track. But Miles breathed a sigh of relief as he observed that everything seemed to be holding up more than satisfactorily.
“No tools required,” thought Miles with a real feeling of achievement as he looked at the plethora of custom fittings that he and Bruce had designed in order to connect the various sections of the sculpture together, connections that could be made without the use of a bunch of tools. Only a single, steel “setup bar” was required. Miles’ hands were a little sore after ratcheting down a good number of fittings in the last couple of hours, but the slight discomfort was more than tolerable with the realization that the entire structure could indeed be assembled in under three hours with nothing more than two steel bars as tools.
“We are ready,” said Miles with a conviction and surety he had not previously felt when considering the massive project he had undertaken.
“Now we just need to figure out how to get it on top of a 3-story building in the dead of night alongside a main thoroughfare in Lincoln – without being detected,” stated Bruce flatly as he timed the circuits of the coaster using a stopwatch.
Miles didn’t say anything. He just exhaled quickly – and completely. His lungs seemed to continue deflating until he felt like he had been punched in the stomach and all the air had involuntarily left him. He realized that somehow he had missed a very large piece of the puzzle. He had always just envisioned Bruce and himself up on the roof of the building assembling the piece. That, along with building the sculpture, had been his sole focus. He had somehow totally missed the fact that they were obviously going to need to get the pieces of the sculpture up on the roof of the clinic somehow.
“No small task as the roof is 30-plus feet off the ground,” thought Miles, beginning to despair and panic just a little.
“Bruce, what are we going to do?” asked Miles anxiously. “I completely forgot to consider the problem of transporting all of the sculpture’s modular pieces up to the roof.”
“I’m an idiot. How could I have forgotten something so important!?”
Miles groaned and sat down, Immanuel ambling over to see what be troubling his friend.
Miles noticed Bruce had moved over to the side of the workshop, where he now stood smiling.
“Bruce, is this really the right time to be joking around?” asked Miles with more than a little frustration.
“Allow me to present a creation straight out of Batman’s cave,” said Bruce as he pulled a tarp away from a large crate.
Bruce continued to grin as he drew a grappling hook with a long, knotted climbing rope attached to it from the crate and began to swing it gently back and forth.
Miles got up quickly and made his way over to Bruce. He could see as he approached that Bruce had fashioned some sort of pulley device which was obviously intended to hoist the various sections of the sculpture easily and quietly up from the ground.
“I grapple up the side of the building with this lightweight hoist on my back, I anchor the thing, then we simply lift all the modular pieces up onto the roof using the pulley system,” said Bruce.
“You have seen me practicing my grappling and climbing on the sea cliffs in front of our cottage haven’t you?” asked Bruce with an even bigger grin. “Sorry Miles, I would have told you about my ‘Batman hoist’ sooner, but I wanted it to be a surprise.”
Miles could have hugged him. And then he did.
Breaking the brief embrace with his friend, Miles suddenly had a feeling of cold run through him, as though ice were filling his veins. He didn’t know where the feeling was coming from, but he understood its meaning implicitly. He was suddenly absolutely sure, without a doubt, that they would be caught by the authorities while trying to assemble their first sculpture, ending their art show for God before it ever had a real chance to begin.
Miles turned toward Bruce with what must have been a beseeching look in his eyes because Bruce stopped swinging his grappling hook, his smile fading a bit as he started to register a much more serious expression.
“What is it Miles?” asked Bruce, his voice belying his concern for his friend.
“I think we have another problem,” said Miles. “That clinic is on a main thoroughfare. There is traffic and streetlights and activity all around the building, likely 24 hours a day. It is guaranteed that there will be significant police-patrol activity in that area all night long. There is no way we are going to be able to do this without getting caught before we are finished.”
Miles felt Immanuel nudge him in his good leg, again trying to comfort him. And then he heard a chuckle. Miles looked up to see what was so funny and found that Bruce had moved to the back of the workshop and was once again smiling from beside another large, blue tarp, this one hanging against the back wall.
“Batman presents door number 2,” said Bruce enthusiastically as he pulled aside the tarp.
Miles saw that there were a dozen or so fairly small but very-powerful-looking searchlights sitting on the floor of the workshop.
“... and call upon me in the day of trouble; I will deliver you, and you will honor me,” quoted Bruce from the Bible again as he smiled at Miles grandly and keyed a remote control in his hand.
Miles laughed out loud with joy as one of the searchlights flared to life, it’s powerful beam displaying a gloriously large, stylized heart on the ceiling of the workshop. Miles saw that Bruce had fashioned a sturdy metal “” over the front of every searchlight.
“‘Batlights’!” said Miles excitedly, immediately realizing Bruce’s plan as he thought about those wonderful lights painting the skies of Lincoln from widely disparate locations. He knew the authorities would be kept plenty busy running all over town to investigate the searchlights as they blazed forth in the night sky.
“I had those same thoughts about us getting caught near a month ago,” said Bruce as he looked intently at Miles. “I thought a safe, fun diversion that would keep the local authorities busy long enough for us to complete our work sounded like a pretty sound idea. We’re going to place these ‘We Love You’ batlights all over town, well away from our area of work and then trigger them remotely. I’ve already put together all of the electronics and other equipment we will need.”
“I’m thinking the local authorities will actually be grateful for a somewhat-exciting interruption to the usual monotony of small-town policing,” said Bruce with one of his signature winks.
And then Miles hugged Bruce again, the DoBernard joining in on the display of affection by whacking both men in the legs as he enthusiastically wagged his arm-sized tail.
“We’re going to need a truck for our trip to Lincoln and some supplies,” said Miles as he regained his composure, leaning once again on the driftwood handle of his cane. “And let’s remember to pay cash for everything. There’s more than one venue for this show, and we need to make sure we complete them all.”
“We have come from Cornelius the centurion. He is a righteous and God-fearing man,” quoted Bruce from the Bible again as he thumped his chest at Miles in a mock Roman salute.
“You’re a strange fellow, Bruce, but I love ya man,” said Miles with a chuckle.
Bruce just bowed grandly, Immanuel prancing around him in circles, joining in on the fun.
“When do we want to do this?” asked Miles seriously, looking directly into his friends eyes.
Bruce just gazed back at Miles steadily, his eyes letting Miles know without a word that he trusted Miles implicitly and that it was his decision to make.
“No time like the present then,” said Miles, eager to get the first unveiling for their art show underway. “Let’s get out to Lincoln and get it done.”
“Are we agreed that we want to try and make Steve Rogers our primary media contact? Do we think Steve is our guy to take this story to the world?” asked Miles.
Again, Bruce just looked at Miles steadily, his eyes providing the answer without words that he thought Miles’ judgment to be divinely inspired and thus trusted it completely.
Miles glanced at Immanuel next to Bruce and saw the same steady stare of faith and conviction.
“I hope I can live up to the trust and expectations both of you are placing in me” said Miles.
“As soon as possible it is then,” exclaimed Miles firmly as an image of Catherine, still suffering the nothingness and despair of the unaware, flashed through his mind.
“I am coming my love,” thought Miles.

Chapter 28

Steve Rogers sat lost in thought at his small, somewhat-cluttered desk off the main newsroom at KORN TV in Lincoln, Nebraska. He was once again going over every detail of the somewhat-cryptic letter he had received a little more than a week ago. He was still torn about what to do with the letter.
He knew intellectually that the letter could be “dangerous” and might portend some sort of serious incident or trouble for his current hometown, but somehow that thought just didn’t resonate or feel right to him. When he searched his heart regarding the letter, Steve had the feeling that it represented something big, but not something dangerous. Perhaps the writer or writers of the letter had nothing more than some sort of harmless publicity stunt planned. Or maybe they had terrible, murderous intent in their hearts. Steve just wasn’t sure, and the more he thought about and considered the letter, the more he felt like his emotions were at war with his intellect.
“How can I take the chance that the letter is harmless in this era of terrorism?” thought Steve with concern as vivid, terrifying images of women and children screaming with panic and fear amidst massive explosions involuntarily filled his mind.
“Should I just do the conventional thing, the ‘right thing’, and report the letter to the authorities?” considered Steve yet again. “Or should I keep quiet, play along and see what develops as my heart is telling me to do?”
Steve’s mind was telling him to just call the FBI, Homeland Security, or the local authorities already – do the “right thing,” the easy thing, and move on. But his heart and spirit seemed to be telling him something completely different. His heart seemed to almost be begging him to keep quiet and just play out his part in the drama.
“Can I do that? Isn’t that completely selfish – and potentially dangerous,” agonized Steve in his mind while he stared absently at his computer monitor.
 Steve feared greatly as well that his heart and spirit were being influenced and propagandized by his overwhelming desire to start a real life with Laura, something he knew would not be possible without advancing his career. In the TV news business, you move your career forward with big stories. And the letter he was no holding was potentially a very big story.  Was he perhaps just being selfish and self-centered in not reporting the letter to the authorities?
Adding to his guilt was the excitement Steve could feel welling up inside of him every time he considered the possibility that he had been handed a golden opportunity for a scoop and exclusive coverage of what might be a huge story. Ever since being a teenager Steve had been a news junkie, and as an adult he had come to genuinely love the news game. Even if the letter in his hand wasn’t a ticket to a new life with Laura, he would still have found it difficult to not play along in order to see what developed.
“God help me make the right decision here,” asked Steve as he tried to quiet his thoughts and truly listen.
Steve closed his eyes and drew in a long slow breath, the sounds and smells of the news room tickling his now-keenly-aware senses with their usual pungent aroma of excitement. The desire to not report anything to the authorities and let the letter play out tugged powerfully at his heart yet again.
But could he trust his feelings? Were they being clouded by desire?
Steve was certain that if the letter he was holding did represent exclusive coverage of a big story, it would very likely put him in the national spotlight again, helping him once more catch the eye of network executives. After the “Love’s Circle” Ferris Wheel incident and his subsequent brush with big-time network news, Steve was convinced he could parlay any additional positive exposure associated with another big story into a job with the network in New York City. He was close. He could feel it. And he knew that landing a job at network in New York would put him in a position to finally tell Laura how he felt about her. He would no longer be just a coworker, he would be a network newsman, well on his way to a successful and lucrative career. He would be somebody Laura could truly love.
Steve had been very hot for a couple of weeks following the incident at the fairgrounds. He had fielded congratulatory calls and emails from execs and others at the network, and he had heard plenty of talk that he might be the next “rising star” in the network-news department. But then people had gotten busy and the news, in its usual fickle manner, had moved on to the next big story, which Steve had unfortunately not been covering. Steve had gone back to doing local color stories and had been lost amidst the frantic, chaotic shuffle that was the news game. He felt like a batch of fireworks whose fuse had been lit, and then had fizzled out right when the time came to streak into the sky and explode in a burst of multi-hued glory fantastic enough to make the crowds “oooh” and “ahhh” with amazement and pleasure.
“The only ‘oohs’ and ‘ahhhs’ I am on pace for now are going to be coming from my stomach at next year’s ‘Great State Pie Bake Off’,” thought Steve with just a touch of what he knew was rather self-indulgent pity.
Steve couldn’t help the frustration that he was feeling, however. It was truly maddening to know that he had been so close, only to have things somehow fall apart and fail to materialize. He still couldn’t identify any concrete reasons as to why things had just seemed to sort of implode and collapse, they just had.
And then the whole episode had culminated in a genuine coup de grace of what felt like ultimate failure a week or so ago when Steve had attended a luncheon celebrating Blair Davis’ sixth year as the news anchor at KORN TV. Laura had looked prettier than ever that day, and she had been seated next to Blair. Steve had watched the two of them interact easily, laughing and chatting away pleasantly for the duration of the event. Steve had felt like ripping his heart from his chest and squeezing it over his steak tartar until it agreed to stop paining him.
“My own special steak sauce, far tastier than ‘A.1.’,” Steve remembered thinking at the time.
He felt like he was losing Laura before he ever even had a chance to get started with her. He was desperate not to let that happen. Steve felt like his only hope was to once again get the attention of the folks at the network, and that meant finding a big story that would get picked up by the national feeds.
So was he just being incredibly selfish? Was he endangering the good people of Lincoln so that he could be with Laura? His mind kept returning to the possibility that he might be literally sitting on a ticking time bomb, that the letter in his hands represented real danger for real people, for fathers and mothers and sons and daughters. Steve hated that none of that seemed to matter to him. Laura was his everything, and the story he was holding in his hands represented his best opportunity to finally land the network job he coveted and in so doing begin his life with Laura in earnest. Sadly, Steve didn’t think he was strong enough to voluntarily pass up that opportunity.
“But can I be with Laura and be happy if some horrific tragedy befalls the people of Lincoln as a result of me keeping quiet?” thought Steve desperately, knowing in his heart that the path he was considering taking wasn’t exactly paved with magnanimity.
“More like complete and utter self-interest,” thought Steve with more than a bit of disdain for himself.
Steve also knew not informing the authorities about the matter was probably not the most strictly legal thing to do, and he wasn’t sure that falling back upon the traditional journalistic shields of confidential sources and newsworthiness would provide sufficient cover for him to escape unscathed if things did turn out badly.
“But how many big stories are just going to drop into my lap while living and working in  Lincoln, Nebraska?” was the thought that kept going around endlessly in Steve’s mind.
The answer, of course, was obvious. Not many. And “big story number one,” the “Love’s Circle” incident had already come and gone.
“Big story, network picks up the feed, nobody gets hurt, and I get a life with the girl I love,” thought Steve. “Or things literally blow up, people get hurt, I develop a massive guilt complex, and I become the bell of the ball in a federal prison in Ohio somewhere for having prior knowledge of the event and not disclosing it.”
“My new roommate ‘Dwayne’ will most assuredly like me a lot,” thought Steve, “but it’s likely not too many others will – including Laura.”
Steve removed the letter from the now somewhat-tattered looking envelope and unfolded it again.
“Something wonderful,” thought Steve as he re-read the contents of the letter for what must have been the hundredth time.
“Dear Steve,
Thank you for taking a few minutes out of your very-busy schedule to read this important letter. Something is about to happen in Lincoln, something wonderful, and we want you to have exclusive coverage of the event.
Look to the skies early Saturday morning, March 5th, right after midnight. You will know our sign when you see it. You will need to have a crew with you that is ready to go, because the story will begin to unfold very rapidly from that point on.
You will receive a call at 4 a.m. on your cell phone that Saturday morning with instructions on where you need to go in Lincoln in order to capture the main event.
Please be assured that we are completely non-violent and pose no threat to the community. We are merely information warriors who have a message of love from God, a message he wants communicated to the entire world.
We pray that you will accept this invitation to adventure and notoriety Steve.
Please email us back with your cellphone number at batmanandrobin@artgineering.org if you decide you do indeed wish to make history with us and cover this event. We pray that you will.
Thank you for your time, Steve, and God bless.
We Love You.”

“We,” thought Steve as he finished reading the letter, thinking again that there must be more than one contributor to the writing, or at least someone wanted him to think so.
Steve was also struck by the reasonably proper grammar in the letter. The writer or writers knew the appropriate use of hyphens and commas and how to structure sentences, which meant they were at least reasonably well educated.
But the words “message from God” frightened Steve a little. Was he perhaps dealing with Islamic terrorists who intended to praise their god with mayhem and murder? And what was the meaning of “We Love You” at the end of the letter? That statement was a little weird and definitely didn’t fit any kind of historical profile for terrorists. It just wasn’t something they would ever say.
“Weird – but definitely intriguing,” thought Steve as he looked again at the Washington state postmark on the envelope that the letter had arrived in.
The writers of the letter seemed to have some sort of uncanny insight into his mind as well, as evidenced by the strategic placement of the word “notoriety” in the letter. It was like they knew he needed something to make the network powers sit up and take notice of him again, like they were aware how desperate he was for a big story and a bit of fame in order to get that job in New York and finally begin his life of love with Laura.
“If only I had a bit more information,” agonized Steve, knowing he didn’t have much in the way of solid intelligence upon which he could base a sound decision.
As a good reporter, Steve had initially tried to gather any information he could about the anonymous letter writers. One of the first things he had done was perform a WHOIS query on the domain art-gineering.org. As expected, however, he didn’t get much – just the standard “official-sounding” registration information that usually consisted of fake phone numbers and addresses that pointed to a mailbox service somewhere. He had then proceeded to scour court and legal records, as well as news archives for anything that might provide further clues as to the identity and intentions of “Batman and Robin.” He found nothing. Steve knew that, in the end, this was going to be a “head” or “heart” decision for him.
“A little help here God?” prayed Steve once more as he bowed his head, hoping God would provide him with some answers and guidance.
“Here you go Mr. Rogers,” came a pleasant voice from behind Steve.
Steve dropped the letter onto his keyboard and just about fell out of his chair as he was abruptly torn from the solitude of his thoughts. He spun around in his chair to find Tiffany Andresson, KORN’s very nice, very eager, very pretty intern standing behind him with one of her meticulously manicured hands held out to him. Steve saw that she had a package about the size of a small Kleenex box in her hand. The package had pink and red ribbons tied around it fancifully and it had a large, stylized pink heart painted on its top.
“This came for you Steve,” said Tiffany with one of her office-famous and devastatingly beautiful “I am going to run this place before too long” smiles.
“Thank you,” said Steve trying to return Tiffany’s brilliant smile with one of his own, knowing that he didn’t have a chance of competing with a heart-rending smile like Tiffany’s.
Tiffany clicked away confidently in her high heels to conquer some other area of the office as Steve began opening the box gently, wanting to honor the care and effort that had obviously gone into creating the package. What lay inside took his breath away. It was a miniature sculpture of a roller coaster, with a couple of children in a single coaster car on the track, the children’s arms and smiling faces raised to the sky in eternal glee. At the top of the “ride” were the words “We  You.” Steve noticed there was writing on the little car containing the children as well.
“Safe Haven,” read Steve.
He thought that particular phrase sounded familiar somehow.
“It’s beautiful,” said Steve softly as he held the little work of art in his cupped hands.
Steve noticed there was a small card in the box as well, also with a stylized, pink heart painted on its face. Steve turned the card over and read.
“Look out your window at the parking lot, Steve. We Love You.”
Steve just about broke his keyboard, his knee banging against it hard, as he shot upward, limping down the hallway with a temporary grimace of pain as he “raced” toward the set of large windows that overlooked the main KORN parking lot. Steve looked down, and saw them immediately. He also saw they were looking directly back at him. There was a man with a full beard, another man leaning on a cane, and a strange-looking shaggy white-and-brown dog that was truly humongous in size. Steve saw that the two men were wearing large white t-shirts with crimson lettering. One said “Batman,” the other said “Robin.” As Steve watched, all three smiled broadly, Batman and Robin waving while the giant dog wagged his tail enthusiastically.
Steve tore himself from the window, almost taking the blinds with him, as he turned and ran down the hallway toward the stairs at breakneck speed. He blasted through the door to the stairs and raced down the stairwell, jumping four steps a time, knowing he was risking a horribly broken ankle or something even worse as he flew as fast as possible down the concrete steps. Steve didn’t care. He had to get to the parking lot outside before “Batman” and “Robin” had a chance to leave.
Steve sped down the four flights as fast as he could and burst from the building panting, his breath coming in ragged gasps as he continued running down the sidewalk towards the parking lot where he had seen the two men and the dog. Pain began to flare in his side as he pumped his fists and tried to continue on without slowing.
“I am definitely out of shape,” thought Steve breathlessly as he rounded the corner to the parking lot, his eyes desperately scanning the area to see if he had been quick enough to catch them. He hadn’t been. They were gone.
“Did I even really seem them?” thought Steve as he bent over with his hands on his knees, panting raggedly as he tried to regain his breath.
“I am really out of shape,” thought Steve with mild amusement as he made his way slowly back to his desk on the 4th floor of the KORN TV building, contemplating what he had just seen.
As he plopped himself back into his seat a little tiredly, Steve picked up the little sculpture that had landed on his desk when he had leapt up to look out the window. He examined the intricate detail and masterful creativity of the diminutive sculpture and thought about the way Batman and Robin had smiled and waved at him from the parking lot. Steve thought the two men looked anything but dangerous.
“Look out your window, Steve. We Love You,” read Steve on the little card again.
“Looks like it’s going to be heart and not head on this one,” thought Steve as he placed the little sculpture on top of his “Inbox” for new projects.
He re-stabilized his keyboard and began to compose an email addressed to Batman and Robin.

Chapter 29

Dr. Miles Trebuchet felt nervous excitement coursing through his body as he stood in the shadows created by the east side of the Lincoln Women’s Clinic. He was trying his best to casually smoke an American Spirit cigarette, hoping that an insouciant demeanor and a quick smoke would help to calm his nerves a little. Miles watched his  still-slightly-crooked fingers tremble perceptibly as he brought the cigarette to his lips. It was obvious from the noticeable shaking that his efforts at calming himself were meeting with limited success.
It was just after 11 p.m. in Lincoln, Nebraska. Miles stood with Bruce Badeau and Immanuel behind the clinic, in the dark shadow it cast upon the earth. All three gazed thoughtfully at the roof approximately three stories above them.
“It looks taller at night,” said Miles solemnly as he French-inhaled the pungent tobacco smoke from his cigarette back through his nose.
Bruce frowned at Miles’ artful display of smoke inhalation. It was obvious he still did not approve of Miles’ habit. Bruce genuinely cared for Miles and considered it his duty to protect him. Letting the good doctor smoke unfiltered cigarettes with abandon, despite Miles’ protestations that these particular cigarettes only contained “natural tobacco,” didn’t feel to Bruce like he was performing his duties very well.
“Smoking like that is not exactly good for you Miles,” reminded Bruce in a firm-but-caring tone of voice.
“Helps me relax my friend,” replied Miles, grateful for Bruce’s concern, but genuinely needing something to help put himself at ease.
“I am going to be useless if I can’t reign in my jitters a little,” said Miles as he blew smoke into the chilly night air, feeling a shiver that had less to do with cold than it did with anxiety run the entire length of his body.
 Miles could also feel a cold thread of fear crawling slowly up his spine. If he and Bruce were caught doing what they had planned, they would be charged at a minimum with some form of trespassing and mischief, which would be legally classified as at least a misdemeanor. At the more severe end of the scale, Miles was very aware there was a chance that felonies could come into play. Overly zealous federal prosecutors looking to further their careers on the back of the next great American abortion-clinic “terrorist” might very well be tempted to take advantage of federal laws to prosecute Bruce and Miles to the fullest extent possible.
As a former provider of “choice procedures” himself, Miles knew there were now very serious statutes on the books which had been enacted to specifically protect facilities that performed abortions from protest of any kind, especially the type Miles and Bruce were about to engage in – the kind kind that might be effective and really make a difference. There would be great temptation by prosecutors playing for the other team to utilize any and all available means to whip up a media circus that would likely end with Bruce and Miles being escorted from the big top in chains – straight to the nearest federal penitentiary for a very, very long time. Miles was scared to death of that possibility. He didn’t think he would cope very well with being imprisoned.
Miles looked at Bruce and Immanuel standing next to him, took a determined drag on his cigarette, and pushed all thoughts of fear from his mind.
“I am coming Catherine,” thought Miles with conviction as he formed a picture of his beloved wife in his mind. It was a portrait of Catherine looking spectacular in a green evening gown, a memory from a dinner ball where he and Catherine had dined and danced and lived. It was the way he wanted to remember her – beautiful, happy, fulfilled. Not like her current state of being; a lifeless existence of enforced emptiness. Miles knew he needed to help her, regardless of the potential cost to himself. It was time.
Miles looked at his friends seriously, trying to appraise their overall readiness for the mission they were about to undertake. Miles thought he and Bruce certainly looked the part. Dressed completely in tight, form-fitting black outfits, they might very well have looked sinister had each not been wearing a large, heart-shaped patch on their black shirts with the words “We  You” stitched on its face in crimson script.
“Don’t want to forget why we’re here,” said Miles as he smiled and laid his hand on the heart on Bruce’s chest.
“Uh, huh,” answered Bruce tentatively.
Bruce definitely liked the black outfits Miles had procured for them. The tight, black getup made him feel like a secret agent out of “Mission Impossible” or a James Bond film. He wasn’t so sure about the big pink heart on his chest with the words “We  You” stitched across it, however. Bruce thought there was something about the big pink heart on his chest that just didn’t seem to say “James Bond” to the world. Still, Miles really liked them, so Bruce tried to as well.
“Woof, warf...” barked the DoBernard in an almost human-like whisper, proclaiming his fondness for Miles’ heart patches as well as his readiness.
“Ready to go be Batman and Robin for real?” asked Miles as he placed his hand on the shoulder of his bearded friend, looking Bruce directly in the eyes.
Bruce just smiled in response, stepped away athletically and began swinging his Batman grappling hook in ever-widening arcs as he moved just a bit closer to the side of the building. Bruce swung the hook in wide, powerful circles above his head and then let it fly. Miles had to hold his tongue and remind himself to be quiet as he almost cheered when the hook sailed high into the air and landed with a dull “clank” on the roof above them. The throw was perfect. Miles was thrilled to see that the practice Bruce had put in with his grappling hook under the sea cliffs near their Oregon cottage had paid off.
“There’s a life lesson in there somewhere,” mused Miles as he thought about how many times during his medical career that practicing something over and over again had proven to be a literal “life saver.”
Bruce pulled on the rope until the hook lodged tightly against the foot-high lip that ran around the edge of the clinic’s roof.
“Solid,” said Bruce softly as he tugged sharply at the rope in order to make sure it was anchored securely.
Bruce turned toward Miles and produced a Batman flashlight from somewhere on his belt. He flicked on the beam so that a bat in the middle of a small circle of light appeared on the side of the clinic building.
“Shall we?” asked Bruce with a somewhat mischievous smile.
“Holy Harmless Diversions Batman!” exclaimed Miles as quietly as possible, returning Bruce’s “bat-smile” enthusiastically.
Miles watched as Bruce reached into his bag and produced the remote he had constructed to control the various spotlights and generators that the two men had secreted all over town. Each “heartlight” they had planted was accompanied by its own small, gasoline-powered generator with an electric starter. The remote was capable of triggering both the generator and the light. Miles once again thanked God for his friend Bruce Badeau and his engineering talents as he thought about the complexity of their grand diversion for the authorities in Lincoln.
Bruce triggered the first set of switches on the remote and Miles saw a light flare far to the east of them on the outskirts of town. The effect was even better than Miles had hoped. A brilliant circle of light that was actually fairly large now lit up the night sky, and at its middle was a beautiful, stylized heart.
“Whoa, cool,” said Bruce in a truly appreciative tone of voice as he looked up at the heart of light now illuminating the sky over Lincoln.
“Woof. warf.” barked the DoBernard softly as he wagged his tail, grinning his usual, somewhat lopsided smile and joining Bruce and Miles in admiring the newest heart-shaped star in the sky.
“God saw that the light was good, and He separated the light from the darkness,” quoted Bruce with more than a hint of emotion in his voice, once again demonstrating an uncanny ability to seemingly at will reach into the colossal tome that was the Bible and pull something beautiful and appropriate out of it.
“Back to work,” stated Bruce flatly as he stowed the remote and grasped the knotted rope leading up to the roof above them. He began climbing easily and quickly, deftly scaling the clinic’s wall.
“Thank you God for giving us wisdom enough to hold dress rehearsals for this show,” thought Miles as he watched Bruce shimmy up the side of the building with practiced speed. He hoped fervently that the dry runs they had raced through in assembling the sculpture over and over again would pay off as well. Miles knew they were dealing with some pretty tight time frames. They needed to stay on schedule if they were going to have any hope of being ready for the big unveiling at sunrise.
As Bruce reached the top of the building, Miles heard the first siren warbling in the distance, heading east in the direction of the first heartlight.
“Sounds like they’re on the move,” said Miles as he keyed the walkie talkie that would allow he and Bruce to communicate with each other without shouting while separated by three stories of distance.
“Let’s give them just a bit more excitement, shall we?” came Bruce’s voice through Miles’ handset.
Miles looked to the western sky just as another circle of light with a heart at its center winked into existence, tattooing the belly of the night sky with another circle of luminous affection.
“I hope Steve Rogers is out there somewhere getting some great footage of those lights,” thought Miles as he gazed up at the sky.
Miles heard two more sirens start up and begin to wail and warble as they moved off toward the opposite side of town where the newest light had come into being.
“That should buy us at least an hour before we need to set off any more,” came Bruce’s voice through the walkie talkie.
Miles hoped fervently that would indeed be the case.
Within 10 minutes of the first heartlight winking into existence, Bruce had positioned and anchored his pulley system on the roof and Miles had managed to load the first bundle of sculpture pieces into the sling they had fashioned specifically for the task at hand. The sling would also be Miles’ ride to the top once all the “bundles” of sculpture pieces had been lifted into place on the roof above him.
Once Miles and Bruce were on the roof together, Immanuel would serve as their eyes and ears below. They were positive that if anyone happened upon them, Immanuel would find a way to alert them. Miles was actually fairly certain that any unlucky interlopers who happened upon the DoBernard would likely alert them of their own volition. They were likely to emit at least a yelp or a cry of some kind as they encountered perhaps the world’s largest, strangest-looking canine in the shadows of the night.
Miles looked over the job at hand. He knew there were 30 pre-prepared bundles of sculpture pieces to hoist up to the roof, plus one load of “setup bars” and fittings. At 5 minutes per bundle, Miles figured they had a minimum of 150 minutes worth of work just in getting everything, including himself, to the top of the building. If they could get started with the construction of the actual sculpture by 2 a.m., they should be able to complete the task no later than 5:30 a.m., just in time for Steve Rogers to get his news crew set up before the official unveiling of the sculpture at sunrise. It was a schedule that was at least possible to achieve, but they were going to have to work very hard, and very quickly.
“Let’s get going in earnest Bruce,” said Miles as he keyed his walkie talkie. “We need to move things along as fast as we can.”
As if to add weight to his statement, a fourth siren began wailing in the distance. Both heartlights were still going strong, however, so the authorities had obviously not located the source of either beacon as of yet. Miles was hopeful that the time and care they had put in to strategically placing the small-but-powerful searchlights would help keep them them hidden for at least a little while. He was pretty sure that trying to find the source of one of those lights just by looking at the beam in the sky was going to be a little bit like trying to find the proverbial pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
“Let’s hope the leprechauns get to keep some of their gold tonight,” prayed Miles as he thought about Catherine and how much he had riding on the night’s operation. Miles knew he and Bruce would likely be in danger of discovery if their diversionary tactics failed. They had to keep the local authorities busy. The lights in the night sky had to keep glowing brightly so that the authorities had no time to check out merely suspicious noises or activity in the area of town in which Bruce and Miles were working.
Miles turned his full attention to the task at hand and started working in earnest, loading and hoisting with Bruce as fast as they could go. 143 minutes later, by the timer on Miles’ watch, all of the sculpture bundles were up on the roof. Miles wiped his now-sweating brow and tried to ignore the throbbing pain in his bad leg as he strapped himself into the sling for his ride to the top.
“No time for pain right now,” grimaced Miles as he bumped against the side of the clinic’s hard brick walls on his way up the side of the building.
“Catherine needs me. I need to get this done to help her,” thought Miles with bitter determination.
And then Miles closed his eyes as he rose into the night sky, asking God again to hold up his end of the bargain if this whole thing was successful. He prayed that someone would be sent to that lovely little cottage in that idyllic country setting to free Catherine from the mental and emotional prison in which she languished as she stared unwittingly and unknowingly at that little patch of hardwood floor. He realized, however, that there was little he could do to assure or guarantee any outcome. He could only do his part and have faith that God would return the favor.
“Egads, I actually talk to God and use the word faith now,” thought Miles somewhat amusedly. “Ashley, my dearest daughter, look what you and your cherubic infant minions have done to me.”
“We Love You,” echoed the words of his daughter in his mind as Miles pictured Ashley in his mind, once again smelling all the delicate little flowers that seemed to always adorn her hair these days.
As he reached the top of the building Miles saw one of the heartlights in the sky wink out of existence.
“One down,” thought Miles with just a hint of despair. He had been hopeful that it would take the authorities a little more time to find and disable the lights.
“Looks like Lincoln’s finest are going to be worthy opponents for ‘Batman’ and ‘Robin’ and their leprechaun army this night,” thought Miles as he looked over and saw Bruce key the remote again.
Two more heartlights blazed into existence in the night sky, this time to the north of town. Miles listened intently as the sirens started wailing anew, now seemingly moving off in all directions.
“At least our diversionary message of bat love appears to be working,” thought Miles, hoping and praying they didn’t run out of heart tattoos for the night sky before their work was complete.
“Can you see these lights my love, a ray of hope perhaps for your little patch of hardwood floor?” thought Miles. “This is only step one of the stairway I must climb, but I’m on my dear, I’m on my way...”

Chapter 30

“There’s another one!” exclaimed Laura excitedly as she pointed at the new heart of light that had winked into existence and now seemed to be tattooed upon the belly of the low night sky. Steve smiled at Laura’s enthusiasm and felt a bolt of electricity run through his entire body as she grabbed his arm, clinging to him in her excitement.
Steve and Laura had been racing around town alongside local police and fire units chasing the “Lincoln Lights” for a little more than two hours now. The whole thing was actually turning out to be great fun, although Steve wasn’t sure the local authorities would admit to feeling the same way. Nobody seemed to know what was going on and the cops, although obviously thankful that nothing save a bit of illuminated mischief had thus far occurred, still appeared to be worried – as though they were just waiting for the other shoe to drop, a shoe that might be filled with explosives, or bio-weapons, or something worse.
“Please let me have been right about this and don’t let any bombs go off,” thought Steve again as he gazed up at the hearts of light mixing with the faint moonlight in the night sky.
Steve tried to shake the worry from his mind and soul, telling himself to have faith in his decision to trust “Batman” and “Robin,” that they were indeed harmless “Information Warriors.” But try as he might, Steve still couldn’t rid himself of those last few seeds of uncertainty that seemed to be endlessly sprouting in his mind. They formed a garden of weeds that kept bursting forth from the cultivated rows of his mind, a disheveled-but-legible pattern that repeatedly spelled out the words “What If.”
Despite his lingering misgivings about the “rightness” of his decision, however, Steve couldn’t deny that he was thrilled to be covering the story. He and Laura had managed to get some really top-notch footage in the past couple of hours, material that Steve knew was going to make for an incredible news piece. Laura was already hard at work editing what Larry, their trusted cameraman and constant companion, had thus far captured. As usual, Laura was already planning ahead, electronically weaving a mosaic of modular news puzzle pieces. Steve thought Laura’s modular approach to editing news was brilliant. It allowed them ultimate flexibility in terms of length, deadlines and content; they were always able to produce something of quality for the broadcast, despite a constantly moving target and the innately chaotic nature of the news game. From what Steve had seen of her work already this night, Laura had once again managed to condense all of the various footage they had gotten into something that was concise, interesting and powerful. This story was definitely going to catch the attention of the network.
For his part, although the newsman in him was delighted to be covering such an exciting story, Steve was thankful to just be able to enjoy Laura’s company for the entire night. He loved spending time with her. It made his desire for her feel satiated somehow. Steve looked at Laura next to him as she gazed up at the lights in the sky, feeling the warmth of her continued touch on his arm. Sensing his gaze, Laura turned her face towards his and smiled up at him, her big brown eyes reflecting a bit of the glowing light above them.
“I want to marry you someday soon Laura Kirche,” thought Steve as he and Laura looked into each other’s eyes steadily.
“Hey guys, it sounds like they might have found another one,” called Larry from inside the van, breaking the momentary spell between the two potential lovers.
Thus far the local authorities, mostly police and fire personnel, had managed to find the source of only two of the lights and had promptly cut the power to them. Unfortunately for the authorities, every light they killed seemed to spawn two or three new lights that blazed forth in the night sky with their message of love. It reminded Steve of the Hydra from Greek mythology, a creature famous for spawning two new serpent heads for every one that was cut off.
“Except this particular ‘Hydra’ seems to be more interested in bestowing tokens of love and affection upon the world than it does evil deeds or serpent heads,” considered Steve, raising his eyes once again to the night sky to take in the four remaining lights above him.
As Laura and Steve approached the van, they could clearly hear that the tone and frequency of chatter on the emergency bands was once again on the rise. That had kind of been the pattern all night. Communications would get more “urgent” every time the authorities thought they were close to locating the source for another of the “love lights.”
Initially, the authorities had found it fairly difficult to locate any of the lights, despite the fact that the beams of light were so prominent in the night sky. The spotlights were well hidden and had been located on the outskirts of town, making it extremely difficult to pinpoint the actual source for any of the beams. But the first light had eventually been located on the east side of town and had been summarily silenced, it’s message of love winking out of existence to the cheers of the cops and firefighters on the scene. For his part, Steve would have preferred to see the light left alone to go on shining, but at least Larry had been able to get some fantastic footage of the “operation” that was responsible for disabling it.
They had also been fortunate enough to be on scene for the discovery of the second light, where they had been able to capture a little bit of an argument amongst the local authorities as to whether they hadn’t perhaps made a mistake with the first light in not calling in the bomb squad before attempting to disable the device. Everyone knew, however, that calling up the bomb squad at 1 o’clock in the morning would mean waiting for them to get on scene – and no one was in a waiting mood. Waiting meant the lights would continue to blaze forth in the night sky over Lincoln, a visual testament to the inadequacy and impotence of the local police. The local authorities saw the lights as beacons of rebellion, challenging not only their authority, but their collective manhood as well. They wanted the lights taken down – now.
As the argument had continued, a lone officer – who was either courageous, or tired, or a combination of the two – had walked over nonchalantly and had cut the power to the little mobile generator, at which point the second light had simply winked out of existence. No explosions. No poison gas. No alarms. Nothing more than the little generator going silent and the heart of light just dying out suddenly in the night sky. The relief for the authorities was obvious and palpable, and a second impromptu celebratory cheer had broken out as a result. Steve and Laura had gotten it all on tape. It was something that the newsman in Steve Rogers would always refer to as “Great Stuff.”
Steve could almost feel the very-comfortable, ergonomic chair that would go with his new job at the network in New York once they broke the story of the “Lincoln lovelights.” And he could picture Laura’s smiling face as he came home to her every night in their new apartment in one of the swankier sections of the city.
“Perhaps Manhattan,” thought Steve with a smile.
“Thank you ‘Batman’ and ‘Robin’ for giving me this story.”
“Let’s not go overboard with thanks just yet,” chided Steve’s conscience in response to his thoughts. “We could still have made a big mistake. Let’s just hope our bat heroes continue being the non-violent ‘Information Warriors’ they promised to  be.”
“Yes, dear,” replied Steve to his conscience.
“Giant hearts of light blazing against the night sky. What does that really mean?” Steve kept thinking as he contemplated the “message” in the night sky.
He and Laura had talked extensively throughout the night about the possibilities and she seemed as perplexed as he was, although she did have some interesting ideas. Laura’s first idea had been that perhaps it was some form of publicity for a new book or movie. She had also brought up the idea that perhaps it was a really spectacular, novel marriage proposal, that maybe this was going to be a night and morning some lucky girl was going to remember forever. Steve had really liked that particular idea. He promised himself that if that time ever came for the two of them, he would put adequate thought and effort into something equally special for her. In the end, both Steve and Laura had agreed that the lights were likely just a simple reminder to the world that it needed to incorporate love into its existence at all times. It was as good an answer as any, and they  both liked that particular theme very much. Steve hoped fervently that the “main event” which “Batman and Robin” had mentioned would have a similar character.
Steve checked his cellphone for the time.
2:42 a.m.
It wouldn’t be much longer before his call with the “perpetrators” was scheduled to take place. Steve found himself looking forward to the call. He was extremely curious after the night’s incredible light show to see what other magic “Batman” and “Robin” might have up their sleeves. He thought it was a good bet at this point that they were merely trying to bring a peaceful message of some kind the world, so he wasn’t particularly concerned about any potential dangers anymore, but based upon how incredible the light show in the night sky had proven to be, he was eager to see more of the details of their plan.
Steve thought that if “Batman” and “Robin’s” intended message was indeed one of love, it was thus far at least getting out to people successfully. Word of the “Lincoln Lights” had evidently spread like wildfire throughout the entire town. As Steve, Laura and Larry had patrolled the city in search of the various sources of light, they had encountered throngs of people everywhere. Lincoln-ites were gathering in their yards, on the sidewalks, and in the streets, their faces and fingers inevitably pointing at the night sky that was illuminated by heart-shaped lights. It was an odd sight to see so many people out and about after 2 o’clock in the morning in Lincoln, Nebraska. For Steve, the excitement surrounding the story reinforced his inclination to think that he had been lucky enough to stumble upon another very big story.
A burst of chattering on the police scanner inside the news van broke Steve’s spell of introspection as he focused his attention on the scratchy, somewhat-broken sounds emanating from the device.
“They sound different, more anxious maybe,” thought Steve as he listened to the tone of the chatter.
It sounded like something new and important was happening.
Laura turned from her editing duties in order to look first at the scanner, and then at Steve. Steve could see that she too had felt as much as heard the change in the tone of the voices coming over the radio.
Steve listened carefully as the voices on the scanner seemed to take on a distinctly more distressed tone. He had never been particularly good at interpreting the scratchy, broken voices that came from the police scanner, but tonight a few words seemed to suddenly pop out of the device with crystal clarity.
“Feds inbound... FBI field office... Omaha...” heard Steve.
And then he heard a word that he wasn’t sure he liked very much, one that made him feel uneasy. It was a word that put the world into inflexible and absolute hues of black and white. It was a word and a concept that eliminated all the grey areas, the areas where the philosophies of real empathy, grace, and compassion tended to exist.
“Terrorism,” heard Steve.
Chapter 31

Dr. Miles Trebuchet’s breath was coming in ragged gasps, the air puffing out from his mouth to form great, steamy clouds – as though he were smoking one of his much-loved French cigarettes. Miles was also sweating profusely, despite the early morning chill. In addition to clearly being more than a little out of shape, Miles had other, more serious problems as well. His bad leg was throbbing with pain, and the horrific gash in his side that had healed most of the way since his “accident” the previous summer had actually opened up again as a result of his exertions. It felt as though someone was pushing a spear through his side, and Miles could feel his shirt sticking to the wound as fresh blood occasionally seeped from it. Miles was glad that his shirt was black. He was pretty sure that Bruce would have freaked out had he been able to see the deep red hues that he was adding to his garments.
Miles felt reasonably confident, however, that the bleeding was manageable, albeit very painful. And in the end it really didn’t matter how much he bled, anyway. Miles knew that both he and Bruce were committed to the cause completely, and they both intended to push their bodies as far as they needed to in order to achieve their goal. Miles would die on the roof of the Lincoln Women’s Clinic if he needed to.
Miles and Bruce had perhaps been working harder and faster than they had ever worked at any time in their lives. It seemed that both men felt the importance of this night not just in their minds, but in their very souls as well. Miles and Bruce understood implicitly, viscerally, that to fail at the night’s task was to fail at a cosmic level. Miles thought it felt as though the very universe was holding its breath for them, waiting to see whether or not they would have the courage and fortitude to succeed.
“I am not going to fail you Catherine,” said Miles with fierce determination, grimacing at the pain in his leg and side as he began to drag another bundle of sculpture pieces over to where Bruce was busily constructing the “We You” letters at the top of the “ride.”
Miles dropped the bundle near Bruce and glanced at his watch.
3:07 a.m.
“We are going to need to really hurry,” thought Miles silently, not wanting to disrupt or distract the furiously working Bruce for even a moment. They were almost finished with the major construction, but there was still a significant amount of work to do.
Miles was currently in the process of putting together one of the last-minute additions to the sculpture. It was an element that had not been as thoroughly tested as some of the others, but was something he and Bruce both considered to be very necessary and incredibly important to the overall success of their “art show.” He knew he needed to take a little extra care when assembling the particular piece upon which he was currently working as they would be doing their testing of the device live, without wires or safety nets of any kind.
Miles and Bruce had realized toward the end of the their work that letting the roller coaster just cruise around the track at its own pace was not going to work very well in terms of prolonging the life of the ride. They weren’t going to get a whole lot of exposure or attention if the ride only operated for 10 or 15 minutes and then quit. In order to make their art show the grand event they wanted and needed it to be, it was crucial to make the roller coaster run for at least a couple of hours somehow, or at least give it the opportunity to operate for that length of time.
There was always the possibility, really a likelihood in all probability, that the authorities would get tired of the “show” rather quickly and would just pull the plug on the whole thing courtesy of a well-timed blow from a fireman’s ax or a cop’s nightstick. Still, Miles and Bruce had to grant their creation at least the ability to operate for a minimum of an hour or two. That would hopefully be time enough for the media to adequately cover the story and carry their message of love and promise to the wider world outside Lincoln. Plus, Miles genuinely wanted to see loads of fireworks and “We  You” balloons filling the early morning skies over Lincoln. They needed the coaster to run for as long as possible in order to make that happen.
“It’s going to be a fantastic sight,” thought Miles, picturing colorful fireworks exploding in the early morning sky as hundreds of balloons danced on the breeze.
In order to keep the coaster running as long as possible, Miles and Bruce had designed a “timer” that allowed the little coaster car carrying the laughing children to pause at the completion of each circuit for approximately 2 minutes. Miles knew from his stopwatch testing that the master spring on the coaster could send the little car around the track a maximum of about 50 times before it ran out of juice, with each circuit taking about 20 seconds. By sending the children in their “Safe Haven” car around the undulating circle every 2 minutes or so, they were assured of getting close to two hours out of the ride. Miles and Bruce also felt that a longer running show would provide a better opportunity for word to get out, thus giving people a chance to get over to location of the “show” in order to catch some of the action live and in person. Miles knew from personal experience that a live crowd would help to make the story more powerful, and more newsworthy.
Miles looked up and saw that Bruce had climbed into position and was affixing the fireworks display above him, right behind the giant “We You” letters at the top of the sculpture. He smiled as he pictured sky rockets soaring into the air and exploding in a profusion of color each time the little “Safe Haven” coaster car and its joyfully laughing occupants completed a circuit.
Miles gauged their overall progress mentally as he worked as fast as possible at assembling the timing mechanism that was very much like a large hourglass, complete with sand from the beaches of the Oregon coast. He was still pretty sure they could be done by 5:00 a.m., but they were going to have to work even faster. And he knew that even with extra effort, things were going to be very close. Their original plan had been to be done by 4 a.m., giving them plenty of time to clean things up and relocate to their “viewing platform” before the light of day revealed their work to the world. But Miles knew that goal was no longer achievable. The work was harder, more strenuous than they had planned. It was taking longer than they had planned. And Miles was still bleeding.
“6 a.m. is pumpkin time for this Cinderella operation,” thought Miles, knowing the closer they got to that time, the more they would have to contend with daylight and the usual morning bustle of downtown Lincoln,
Thus far, the “heartlights” had been fabulously successful at distracting the local authorities. Miles hadn’t seen a cop cruise by their location all night. But it couldn’t last forever. The police could get wise to the diversion at any time and begin patrolling the town in earnest to see if anything else might be amiss, an act that would be certain to impinge upon Bruce and Miles’ progress.
All of this added up to one thing for Miles: the realization that they needed to work as rapidly as possible.
As if on cue, Miles saw two more of the heartlights go out overhead, leaving only two remaining lights to help the diminutive crescent moon illuminate the night sky.
Miles heard several clicks as Bruce activated some switches above him, and three new lights blazed into being in the night sky. The birth of the new lights gave rise to dozens of sirens as well as a new sound. It was a vibrating disturbance that could be felt as much as heard, a soft “whup, whup, whup” that carried the promise of eventual thunder. It was the sound of a low-flying helicopter.
“Pretty good idea,” thought Miles as he considered that the authorities would now be able to locate the little heartlights much more rapidly by utilizing an aerial perspective in their search efforts. But the development was more than a little worrisome. Miles was becoming more and more concerned that he and Bruce were not going to have enough time to finish their work. Worse, that they were going to be apprehended and their art show for God would fizzle out before ever really launching.
Images of Catherine sitting on the hardwood floor of that beautiful little green-and-yellow cottage suddenly began to flood Miles’ mind.
“We need to hurry Bruce!” hissed Miles in a low whisper that was filled with more than a little desperation.
“Breathe Miles,” replied Bruce without taking his eyes from his work.
“But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness,” quoted Bruce softly in the night air as he continued assembling the sculpture, his practiced hands moving deftly as they twisted and turned, grasped and gripped, creating magic from metal.
Miles took a deep breath, let it out slowly, and redoubled his efforts as he practically ran to the corner of the roof to start bringing up all the balloons, the gash in his side bleeding a little more profusely as he did so.
“God, please grant us enough time and energy to complete this task for you,” prayed Miles silently as he gritted his teeth against the pain that was wracking his body.
Miles and Bruce had prepared over 500 balloons and had stowed them in their small moving van for the drive over to the clinic. Miles had retrieved the balloons from the truck earlier in the evening and had tied them off in four bundles of 100 and two bundles of 50. He had then let out just enough line for the balloons to reach to the roof-line Miles was now able to lay flat against the rooftop, reach out with his hands, and bring the balloons the rest of the way up just by grabbing onto them. He quickly attached a set of 100 balloons to each of the remote-controlled launching devices that Bruce had positioned at all four corners of the building. He affixed the remaining two sets of 50 balloons to the sculpture itself so that they could be launched into the air every time the little coaster car with its gleeful occupants made its way around the undulating track.
Miles thought the balloons looked mysteriously beautiful in the low light of the early morning as he once again admired the artwork that adorned them. The crimson-red balloons were shaped like giant hearts – one side bearing a stylized pink heart with the words “We  You” stenciled at its center, the other presenting an amazing illustration. The drawing featured an infant on her back, her delicate little arm reaching up to grasp the index finger of a gently outstretched hand. It looked to Miles like the outstretched adult hand was offering a lifetime of unquestioning, uncompromising support for the beautiful babe.
“The Promise,” recited Miles as he ran his fingers across the text that was written below the illustration in fanciful pink script.
Miles grabbed one of the balloons and squeezed, smiling with satisfaction at the obvious strength of the shell. Miles wanted the balloons to look beautiful, but he also wanted them to be as strong as possible. They would be worthless if they couldn’t withstand the demands of the sky and merely popped immediately. Miles wanted the balloons to float and sail on the wind for as long as possible, hopefully for great distances. He had an image in his mind of a little girl three states away finding one of the balloons in a small tree and pinning the heart-shaped treasure to her bedroom wall, assuring a lifetime of exposure to their message of “We  You.”
“Beautiful but expensive,” thought Miles as he stepped back to look at the hundreds of impatiently bobbing balloons that were now in position. He smiled as he remembered the look on Bruce’s face when he had informed him that just the balloons and the associated artwork for the project were going to set them back over $5,000.
Miles untied one of the “We  You” balloons and let it sail off into the sky. He watched fascinated and smiled a little as the heart-shaped balloon danced in the moonlight, swooping and gliding as it rose gracefully into the night.
Miles and Bruce planned to launch the first 400 balloons in 3 minute intervals in order to introduce and announce the start of their show. They also planned to set off one large blast of fireworks before the little coaster car was launched around the track for the first time. Miles was pretty sure it was going to be a spectacular beginning to the show. He just hoped the world would get to see it.
“I hope you’re out there and that you’re a willing accomplice to all of this Steve,” thought Miles as he limped over to assist Bruce with his final preparations.
Miles didn’t notice that the blood from the wound in his side was now dripping down his leg, slowly filling his shoe while leaving a trail of tiny crimson balloons of his own on the rooftop of the Lincoln Women’s Clinic.

Chapter 32

Steve listened to the sound of the helicopter blades above them getting louder in both pitch and volume as the copter’s searchlight began to slowly sweep back and forth across the suburban  neighborhoods in their vicinity.
“Did they put one of their ‘lovelights’ in someone’s back yard?” thought Steve as he saw the police helicopter slow its forward progress in order to hover over one home in  particular. Steve thought it was a pretty darned good idea if they had. Someone’s back yard probably wasn’t the first place the cops would look for a spotlight.
“Look!” said Laura excitedly as she pointed out the van’s front windshield at a fresh set of heart-shaped lights that had blinked into existence in the night sky.
Larry quickly pulled the van to the side of the road so they could get some footage of the low-flying helicopter as well as the new “heartlights” that were now assisting the sliver of a crescent moon overhead in illuminating the night sky above Lincoln.
“Five of them now,” counted Steve as he climbed quickly up on top of the van in order to try and get a feel for the location of the new lights. He could see the beams coming up from the ground well enough, but it was genuinely difficult to get a real feel for the actual source of the light.
“That helicopter is going to really help them find the lights much more quickly I think,” said Steve as he reached down in order to help Laura climb up on top of the van with him.
“Welcome m’lady,” said Steve, bowing with a smile as he finished lifting Laura up next to him.
Laura curtsied and returned his smile, letting him know she appreciated his truly gallant nature.
“All we need now is a blanket, a little wine, and some magnifique French poetry – perhaps some Beaudelaire,” thought Steve as he continued to hold Laura’s hand gently. Steve was elated that Laura made no effort to remove her hand from his.
Steve stole another sideways glance at Laura, watching her gaze up at the heartlights in the night sky as they called out to the heavens with their message of unbridled, unconditional love. He felt like his own heart might shine forth from his chest at any moment with a message of complete and utter love for Laura. Steve knew he was lost. He would love Laura forever.
The sounds of a commotion came to them abruptly from the next street over where the helicopter searchlight was bathing practically an entire cul de sac in a circle of searing white light.
“No, not a commotion,” thought Steve. “A celebration.”
Laura gave the authorities a sincere “Bronx cheer” for ruining all the fun as another of the heartlights winked out of existence.
“Party poopers,” said Laura with what Steve thought had to be one of the most magnificent pouts ever recorded in the annals of human history. Steve couldn’t have agreed with her more , however. He was genuinely enjoying the sight of the lights in the night sky. It was a shame to lose them.
The breeze shifted slightly as the celebratory commotion nearby began to ease, allowing allowing Steve to pick up a few scattered phrases from the police scanner in the van.
“Feds... Terrorists... Command Center ... Got ‘em!...”
The last statement made Steve start scrambling down from the roof of the van.
“Did you hear that?” asked Steve as he helped Laura down.
Laura just shook her head with questioning eyes and mouthed the word, “What?”
“It sounded like they might have found them!” said Steve anxiously.
“Does anyone know where the ‘Command Center’ is?” asked Steve, hoping he might be able to learn more about the status of things from the epicenter of the authorities’ response.
“I do.” replied Larry calmly as he continued to stow his camera gear in the back of the van. “It’s over on the east side of town in the parking lot of the Star City Imports auto dealership. I overheard a couple of the local firefighters talking about it on the scanner. I think that’s where the Feds are setting up shop, supposed to be very hush, hush.”
“Thank you Larry,” said Steve as he began lending a helping hand to Larry’s packing efforts.
Ten minutes later, Steve Rogers, Laura Kirche and Larry Conway were walking as nonchalantly as possible through the official “Command Center” for the event that would eventually be known famously as the “Lincoln Lights.”
“A lot of ‘official interest’ here,” said Steve, noting the number of federal, state and local agencies that were present. “I guess I’m not the only one with a nose for the Big Story.”
By listening surreptitiously to a few different conversations, Steve had quickly learned that the earlier reports he had heard touting the capture of the “Love Bandits” had been premature. Batman and Robin were still out there with their giant dog – at least for the time being.
Steve looked at his watch.
4:14 a.m.
He was starting to wonder if he was going to get that promised call from Batman and Robin.
“...track their signal...,” heard Steve as he and Laura approached a couple of local cops standing just outside an impressively large, makeshift tent pavilion.
Steve nudged Laura, his reporter’s “spider sense” kicking into high gear. They both took two large steps to the right, secreting themselves in darkness against the side of the tent. Steve clandestinely edged a little closer to the conversation.
“I heard the feds have some sort of device that allows them to track and home in on the signal of the perps remote-control unit,” said one of the cops as he smoked what smelled to Steve like a menthol cigarette.
“The thing uses GPS to fully triangulate and pinpoint their position. The next time they trigger one of those lights, they’ll lead us right to them,” chuckled the cop who was a smoker.
“Uh oh,” thought Steve as he and Laura looked at each other quickly, somewhat-worried expressions clouding their faces. It was obvious they had both enjoyed the night’s rather harmless events thus far and were kind of rooting for the “perps” as the authorities referred to them.
Some very stylishly dressed men and women who clearly were not affiliated with the local authorities suddenly emerged from the makeshift tent pavilion, blowing past the two cops who were talking and smoking outside the entrance as though the local cops didn’t even exist. Based upon their intentional, no-frills demeanor, they obviously considered the current situation in Lincoln, Nebraska to be very serious indeed. Or perhaps they were just serious people in general. Steve thought it was likely a combination of the two.
The small group of men and women, who were undoubtedly federal agents of some kind and not local personnel, gathered outside the entrance to the tent in what looked to Steve like a fairly structured formation.
“Definitely highly trained,” thought Steve as he watched the small group interact with each other and their cell phones, clearly coordinating the effort to first snuff out the Lincoln Lights and then find and apprehend the perpetrators.
Although Steve could see how one might easily be put off by the blustery, self-important attitude of the feds, he tried not to be too judgmental. They had a fearsome responsibility really in making sure that American men, women, and children didn’t die horribly at the hands of potential terrorists. He could see how pursuing that particular vocation on a daily basis might easily lead to a less than carefree demeanor.
Despite his understanding, however, Steve was still cautious. He didn’t think the feds would take too kindly to a reporter in their midst, especially not one who had just learned their tactical plan to apprehend the perpetrators of the Lincoln lights.
Steve took Laura by the hand and quietly moved further back into the shadows the tent provided. He wanted to get far enough away to not be noticed, but not so far away that they couldn’t hear what was going on. Above all, however, he wanted to avoid being caught. He knew he wouldn’t be around for what Batman and Robin had termed the “main event” if he was undergoing “questioning” by members of a major crimes task force.
Steve focused on the small group of federal agents carefully, trying his utmost to listen in. He found himself fascinated with the way they stood closely together, almost as though forming some kind of defensive line. It looked to Steve as though they were expecting a physical attack of some kind at any moment. The well-dressed members of the group stood in a sort of semi-circle, facing outward, with the makeshift tent pavilion at their backs as they talked rapidly into their cell phones, often pointing and gesturing dramatically with one hand while seemingly “covering” the agent next to themselves with the other.
“Kind of like a small cadre of Spartan warriors forming a phalanx,” thought Steve as he recalled his brief dalliances with Greek history during his college days at Purdue University.
There was a particular gentleman at the end of the formation who looked to Steve to be especially serious – and menacing. He was large, very strong looking, had a shaved head, and held himself with an agile confidence that belied his rather hulking stature. He was clearly in charge of security and protection for the group.
“There’s the ‘hoplite’,” thought Steve as he recalled the name of the primary warrior who would always position himself at the farthest right end of the phalanx.
Unfortunately, Steve wasn’t close enough to the “ Spartan formation” to make out more than a few words here and there. It certainly appeared, however, that everyone was extremely agitated about something, perhaps even excited. Steve could feel the nervous electricity in the air. He thought perhaps the two local cops might have been right about the feds having a “secret weapon” of some kind that would somehow allow them to quickly pinpoint the position of “Batman” and “Robin.”
Steve jumped a little as his cell phone abruptly started buzzing in his jacket pocket. Laura reached out reassuringly and placed a hand on Steve’s arm, her eyes asking if he was alright. Steve gazed back into Laura’s incredibly beautiful eyes and let her know without speaking that he was fine. He reached for his phone quietly, carefully, edging a little further toward the back of the tent as he thanked God that his phone had been set to vibrate. Despite the very real danger of discovery, Steve knew he had to take the call. He had a pretty good idea as to who was on the other end of the line.
“Is this Steve Rogers?” came a friendly voice that Steve found at least vaguely familiar.
“Yes,” replied Steve in a barely audible whisper as he continued to cautiously retreat with Laura until they were well away from the phalanx formation of federal agents, hidden completely by deep shadows on the far side of the Star City Imports showroom.
“Are you in a position where you can speak freely?”
“I am now,” replied Steve, feeling Laura tug at his sleeve lightly as she looked at him with questioning eyes.
“‘Can we count on you Steve?”
“Yes,” said Steve again simply, wincing slightly at his current lack of conversational aplomb.
It struck Steve suddenly, however, that the person on the other end of the line was likely intentionally providing him with questions that could be answered with a simple “Yes” or “No.” Batman and Robin had to know that he might not be in a position to speak completely freely, and they were also likely extremely pressed for time. Steve realized that the quickest – and safest – way to communicate at this point was for him to not ask any questions and just listen. Steve hoped there would be ample opportunity to ask questions later. He certainly had many.
The word “exclusive” suddenly swam into his newsman’s psyche, but Steve pushed it away violently, a little angry with himself for even thinking along such selfish lines given all that was going on.
“Plenty of time for that later,” thought Steve, berating himself a little for having somewhat inappropriate thoughts about his career at a time when potentially momentous events that involved real people and real lives were occurring. It was fine to feel the newsman’s fire, the pull of the story, but the night’s events weren’t just about him advancing his career – even if that career advancement meant he might finally be able to live a life of love with Laura. Steve quieted himself, focused, and forced himself to just listen.
“Things are going as planned and everything is almost in place,” continued friendly but tired sounding voice.
“The location for the main event is the intersection of 29th Street and Parsons Way. The ‘unveiling’ will occur promptly at 6:40 a.m. – at sunrise,” said the friendly but-tired-sounding voice.
“Unveiling?” thought Steve, a little puzzled at the use of that particular term as he peered around the side of the building to see if anyone was coming their way. He saw the phalanx formation of Spartan feds had wheeled to the right and were now moving slowly in his direction, as if they could sense any potential quarry. Steve felt a twinge of unease crawl up his spine as he realized he was currently having a conversation with one of the very “terrorists” whom these very-serious looking men and women were eagerly seeking.
“Make sure to look to the rooftops,” continued the voice as Steve examined the powerful-looking “hoplite” in the formation again. Steve thought he could probably do without that particular individual discovering his clandestine conversation.
“I have just one more question for you Steve, an important one,” intoned the voice.
“Is it safe?”
Steve started to reply in the affirmative, but as he glanced at the phalanx formation of federal “Spartan warriors” still moving towards his position, the shifting morning breeze brought him bits and pieces of conversation that made him pause.
“Triangulation... Coordinates set... We’re ready,” heard Steve distinctly. The statement had come from the leader in the middle of the fed formation right before he closed his cell phone quickly so that it came together with a loud “clack.”
“No,” replied Steve to the voice on the phone.
“I believe the ‘On’ switch for your ‘batlights’ is now being monitored and can be utilized to triangulate and pinpoint your position,” whispered Steve seriously, breaking out of the conversational confines he had previously been observing.
Steve took a deep breath as he realized what he had just done in making that statement. He had just provided material information and very likely assistance to a potential “terrorist.” In doing so, he had likely just committed a federal crime. And not just any crime. It was an offense that would likely fall under the most draconian of statutes, laws that were created for the sole purpose of showing no mercy to actual and would-be terrorists.
Steve knew that he was betting everything on Batman and Robin turning out to be a couple of harmless fellows who just had a peaceful message of love that they wanted to convey to the world. Steve really had no idea why he considered them harmless, he just did. It simply felt right somehow. Still, he wouldn’t have been opposed to some concrete evidence of some sort that proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that Lincoln’s “Love Bandits” were indeed the innocuous gentleman he suspected them of being.
“God, please let it be so,” thought Steve seriously as he took Laura’s hand and started moving as noiselessly as possible away from the Command Center and the phalanx of feds, taking a circuitous-but-safe route to their news van down the street.
“Thank you for the warning Steve,” came the voice on the phone after a very pregnant pause.
Steve noted there was no fear in the voice, it was perhaps even more resolute than before, but Steve thought he detected a sense of fatigue that had not been there previously. It felt to Steve like the owner of that voice had perhaps just realized they might be in for a longer trial than had previously been considered.
“Remember,” continued the voice. “29th and Parsons Way. Look to the rooftops.”
“We Love You.”
And the line went dead.
Steve glanced at his watch and then looked at the sky. The light wasn’t going to be denied much longer. They had no more than an hour until full sunrise. The time had come to hurry.
Steve grabbed Laura’s hand again and started to walk briskly toward the van.
“We need to get across town and get set up,” said Steve as he pocketed his phone, pulling Laura along with him as he picked up his pace.
Laura stopped, placing both her hands firmly on her hips as she faced Steve, anger flaring a little in her beautiful brown eyes.
“Laura, we have to hurry,” said Steve beseechingly.
“I am not going anywhere until you tell me what is going on Steve,” replied Laura firmly, irritation sharpening the edges of her voice. “You have obviously been aware of what is going on from the very start or you wouldn’t have known to have a news van ready tonight. Even worse, you appear to be in active communication with whoever is behind all of this. And you’re not sharing any of it with me while you drag me all over town!”
Laura took Steve’s hands in hers as her demeanor softened a little.
“This is a very deep, dark hole you are potentially digging for yourself – and for us, Steve, and I can’t be a part of it with you if you aren’t going to at least share with me what is going on so that we can face any challenges together.”
Steve just looked at Laura, and loved her more than ever.  He then proceeded to spend the next five minutes holding both of Laura’s hands, looking into her eyes, and recounting everything that had happened, starting from when he had first received the letter from Batman and Robin. In the end, Steve decided to include his motive as well – a new job in a new city and the chance at a life with the girl he loved.
“I love you Laura,” said Steve. “I did it for us so that we could be together, so that we could live together in love.”
And then he hung his head, not sure he wanted to see the look of potential reproach that might be in Laura’s eyes.
“Steve?” said Laura softly as she lifted Steve’s chin so that his eyes once again met hers. “I am glad you decided to finally tell me how you feel about me. I have been waiting a long time to hear you say those words. I love you too. But going to federal prison for 10 years for aiding and abetting potential terrorists is probably not the best way to start a life together. If this night turns out badly we are going to be in a lot of trouble.”
Steve loved the way Laura used the words “we” and “together.” It felt incredible to be a team, to finally have their love out in the open so that they could truly be together in every sense of the word.
And then Steve brought Laura to him and kissed her – firmly, deeply and with passion. Steve was overjoyed as he felt Laura enthusiastically return his embrace. It felt to Steve like he was joining with Laura, like their spirits and souls were merging, and from that point on they were going to be something more together than they would ever have been apart.
Steve and Laura broke their embrace just as all five remaining heartlights simultaneously winked out of existence, leaving only the slight crescent moon to illuminate the night sky.
Steve knew immediately what it meant. The authorities were trying to coax their “perps” into repeating the same pattern they had been following all night. Every time a light went out, it was replaced by more. But this time the feds would be waiting. Triggering even one more new light would be enough for the authorities to pinpoint Batman and Robin’s location. And the game would be over. Steve hoped fervently that the voice on the phone had sufficiently understood his warning.
“We have to go Laura,” said Steve with more than a little urgency in his voice as he continued to hold the hand of the woman he loved.
Steve knew they needed time to get across town and set up for the “unveiling,” and he was worried about a new light potentially being triggered. If that happened it was going to be utter chaos as all the assembled authorities piled into their vehicles, driving like mad to get to the triangulated position as quickly as possible.
Laura didn’t budge, staring at him flatly.
“I am pretty sure they are harmless,” said Steve.
“Pretty sure might not be good enough Steve,” replied Laura with obvious concern. “I have really enjoyed the light show to tell you the truth and I hope things don’t go south from here, but no matter what happens we are going to have to provide that letter to the authorities and tell them what you know. These are not potential ‘sources’ on a great story anymore, Steve. They are criminals, probably very creative and lovable ones, but still technically criminals who are likely breaking scads of state, local, and federal laws.”
Steve paused, considering Laura’s thoughts. She made good points. The problem was he really agreed with the whole “We Love You” message that Batman and Robin were trying to communicate to the world. He even considered himself a part of the team in some ways. The last thing he wanted to do was betray the trust that had been placed in him.
Laura sensed Steve’s quandary and took his hands in her own once again.
“I’m not saying we can’t be too busy to call the authorities right away if we receive some inside information,” said Laura. “And there might be situations where we decide that we don’t want to communicate particular information at all. I am just asking that we make these types of decisions together.”
Steve smiled and kissed Laura once more. He didn’t know how, but somehow she had known exactly what he was feeling and knew precisely what to say.
“I agree, and I love you,” said Steve as he touched Laura’s cheek, their eyes locking in an understanding that didn’t require any further words.
They ran together for the van, the call of the Big Story story lending wings to their feet. Steve opened the passenger door for Laura and made sure she was securely inside before jumping into the back through the sliding door on the side of the van.
“Let’s get going Mitch, we need to hurry,” said Steve to their cameraman as he rumbled the side door shut.
“Where to Steve?” replied Larry as he fired up the engine.
“To a sunrise ‘unveiling’ of course,” replied Steve with a smile. “The sun rises today somewhere near 29th and Parsons.”
Steve groaned audibly as he saw three new circles of affection blaze into existence in the early morning sky, followed almost immediately by what sounded like hundreds of sirens coming from the direction of the Command Center behind them.
“That’s it then,” thought Steve, hoping that Batman and Robin had been able to sufficiently complete their work.
The roads were already becoming congested as the usual morning commute was just getting underway in earnest, traffic already becoming a mess as people started to slow their vehicles in order to rubberneck a little between all the police cars and the strange hearts of light still piercing the early morning sky. Steve saw that many commuters were skipping the rubbernecking altogether and were just pulling to the side of the road to take pictures or point skyward, discussing the morning’s events with obvious excitement. He prayed that all the curious onlookers would help slow the authorities long enough for the “Love Bandits” to complete their appointed tasks.
“It looks like their message of love might turn out to be a popular one, at least for some,” thought Steve as he looked at all the people gathering to witness the morning’s events, the police scanner in the van increasingly abuzz with “terrorist” rumors.
Laura, for her part, was already on the phone with the station letting them know they had edited footage of the “Lincoln Lights” ready to go for the morning news and to expect a potentially amazing live remote from a downtown location later on.
“I hope Batman and Robin know what they are doing in triggering those lights,” thought Steve with more than a little concern as he urged Larry to drive as fast as possible while still retaining at least a modicum of safety.
“We Love You,” thought Steve as he looked out the back of the van at the hearts of light in the sky.
It was a strange choice of words for terrorists.

Chapter 33

Miles closed his cell phone and silently thanked Steve Rogers for the warning he had provided. He knew what a tremendous risk Steve was taking in even talking to him, much less in providing any information or assistance. Miles vowed that Steve would have an “All Access” pass to the “We Love You Tour” as long as it existed and that he and Bruce would do everything in their power to make sure Steve was never connected to them directly. They were, after all, pursuing activities that were innocuous enough but were still potentially quite illegal. Miles wanted to help his beloved Catherine desperately, and if truth be told he was actually enjoying putting together an art show for God, but he didn’t want to hurt anyone or destroy people’s lives in the process – especially people like Steve Rogers.
“I need to let Bruce know not to trigger anymore batlights, and we need to skedaddle out of here,” thought Miles with more than a little anxiousness as he considered Steve’s warning. Luckily they had finished the last of their rooftop work about 30 minutes ago and were once again back on terra firma behind the clinic. They were almost done on the ground as well, with just a little bit of reorganization and packing up left to do. Miles felt inordinately tires as he tried to focus his eyes in the half-light of the morning, scanning the area as best he could to see what kind of incriminating evidence they might have missed. His side hurt immensely, and he was fairly sure his overwhelming fatigue was due to the fact that he had lost a fair amount of blood.
“Just need to account for all the sponges,” said Miles, thinking about the phrase he and his compatriots in medical school had come up with to help them remember to be conscientious and thorough in everything they did.
During their medical training, Miles and his compatriots had been the frequent recipients of many a “funny” anecdote about surgical sponges and other items left inside patients during various procedures and operations. Miles and his circle of friends at med school had never found those stories particularly humorous, however, and they had vowed that they would always endeavor to be focused and conscientious enough to avoid those kinds of careless mistakes. For Miles, somebody putting their life and care in his hands had always been a serious matter. He remembered fondly his friends at med school who had felt the same way. He wondered where all those eager young doctors were now...
“Focus Miles. Stay in the moment. There is work still to do.”
“What was it I needed to tell Bruce?” thought Miles as he felt his mind begin to fog. He lifted his foot to make his way over to the van – and almost fell. He suddenly felt even more than just a little tired. He felt completely exhausted. He was also dizzy and a little nauseous.
Miles paused, putting his hands on his knees, suddenly feeling short of breath as well.
“The transmitter,” thought Miles, suddenly remembering his urgent mission. He needed to let Bruce know about the possibility that the device they were using to trigger the heartlights might now be traceable and under surveillance by the authorities.
Miles looked at his watch and tried to clear some of the cobwebs from his head.  
5:50 a.m.
They were a little behind schedule, but they still had enough time to safely get to their “viewing platform” before the sun fully broke upon the horizon around 6:40 a.m. They had found the perfect location for taking in their show during one of their “scouting missions” earlier in the week. The “viewing platform” as they had termed it was a raised parking lot next to a small shopping center. It was high enough to allow them to see everything going on, close enough to allow them to trigger balloons and other remotely controlled mechanisms, and it provided a certain level of anonymity due to its location next to a moderately busy shopping center. It was also a location that was a safe-enough distance away so as to avoid any police cordons that might be set up once things got underway. Neither Bruce or Miles had any desire whatsoever to be detained and questioned as part of a police dragnet.
Miles felt like laying down.
“What was it he had been doing?”
“Wasn’t there something he was supposed to be telling Bruce?”
Miles felt like his mind was slipping its clutch, like it was unable to get any traction. He felt far away, like a third-party observer to his own life. He felt as much as saw the sky suddenly darken slightly above him. Looking up, his heart sank a little. The sky was still illuminated, but only by a now-fading sliver of crescent moon. All five heartlights that had been in the sky just a few moments ago had been simultaneously silenced.
“The remote,” thought Miles distantly. “Steve had said something about the remote. Steve who looks an awful lot like Mel Gibson...”
The remote!” thought Miles frantically, suddenly coming to his senses as he heard the now-familiar sounds of Bruce preparing the remote that controlled their batlights. Miles looked over to where Bruce was now standing with Immanuel, having interrupted his work of re-packing the van temporarily in order to trigger more “distractions” for the authorities. He needed to tell Bruce not to turn on any more heartlights with that remote, and he needed to do so quickly.
“Bruce, No!” hissed Miles in a desperate whisper as he looked over to where Bruce was standing with Immanuel, trying to keep his voice down so as not to call attention to themselves. Miles realized he was too far away for Bruce to hear him clearly as he watched Bruce continue to ready the remote.
Not wanting to shout, Miles took a step as he prepared to run the 100 or so feet over to Bruce. He made it two steps before he fell to the ground, his foot slipping on something wet and sticky as dizziness completely overcame him. Miles hit the dirt hard, a surprised “whuf” escaping him as the air was knocked completely from his lungs. He tried to call out to Bruce, but had absolutely no breath to do so.
“The proverbial fish out of water,” thought Miles as he stared up at the last remnants of stars in the sky above him, his mouth opening and closing fruitlessly as he seemed unable to draw in any oxygen. He was pretty sure he saw a faded Cassiopeia almost directly above him as he lay quietly on the ground, speaking to the stars wordlessly.
“Catherine’s favorite,” thought Miles.
He groaned inwardly as two new stars in the shape of hearts blazed into existence in the early morning sky above him, followed almost immediately by a mass of sirens in the distance – sirens that were now clearly moving towards them instead of away from them. The sound of something even more disturbing suddenly came to him as well. It was the unmistakable sound of the helicopter he had heard earlier – and it too now seemed to be coming their way as well.
“We Love You,” thought Miles as another wave of dizziness gripped his body, seemingly sweeping him in a circle on the ground while Cassiopeia’s throne above him twirled and danced in the early morning sky.
Miles shook his head forcefully to clear his senses. He needed to focus. He looked down at what had caused him to fall. He saw what looked like thick blackberry syrup spilling from his shoe. Miles thought his shoe looked like a bathtub that had been filled too far until the contents had started spilling out over the rim of the tub.
“My cup runneth over – with syrup.”
“Anyone for flapjacks?” thought Miles, and then felt like giggling. He didn’t need the years of formal medical training he had undergone to tell him it was loss of blood that was likely affecting him, making him dizzy, nauseous, and more than a bit giddy.
Miles suddenly smelled dog and looked up to see Immanuel over him, straddling him, protecting him. Bruce was on a knee beside him as well.
“Miles, what is it? Are you ok?” asked Bruce hurriedly, obvious concern straining his normally deep, resonant voice.
Miles could feel his breath returning but he still couldn’t quite manage to speak. He pointed a shaking, accusatory finger at the remote-control unit in Bruce’s grasp that had triggered the latest set of heartlights and locked eyes with his friend.
“This?” asked Bruce as he held out the remote in his hand like some kind of offering.
Miles nodded his head aggressively, the movement generating a fresh wave of dizziness and nausea, making the last few stars above him spin even more vigorously.
The sirens and “thup thup thup” of the approaching helicopter were getting louder now. They were still miles away, but Miles knew they didn’t have very long. He pleaded with Bruce with his eyes to destroy the remote control.
“Please God,” thought Miles as a picture of Catherine swam into his mind.
Miles sucked in a huge breath as his lungs suddenly inflated fully again.
“Smash it!” screeched Miles in a voice that was cracking with urgency. He was no longer concerned with making too much noise as the cacophony of sirens heading in their direction were already piercing the night like a thousand screaming banshees foretelling the demise of their world.
Bruce’s eyes suddenly registered complete understanding as he stood quickly and heaved the remote at the side of the clinic, like he was throwing a touchdown pass to the brick wall. The remote struck the wall with a loud “crack!” and exploded in a profusion of soldered silicon and plastic pieces.
Without a word Bruce reached down and picked Miles bodily up off the ground. He began running back to the van, each step a jarring bounce that made Miles’ world spin like a merry go round. Bruce piled Miles into the van as quickly but gently as possible, the DoBernard squeezing himself into a protective position on the floor of the van at Miles’ feet. Bruce didn’t think that was the best place for the giant dog currently, but there was little time to argue.
“Miles, you’re bleeding – a lot,” said Bruce with just a hint of fear his voice. It was the first time that Miles had heard much emotion in Bruce’s tone, much less fear. He knew he now needed to be strong for Bruce the way Bruce usually was for him.
“You’ve seen me worse,” wheezed Miles, still trying to fully regain his breath. “God’s not done with us yet, my friend. I am going to be fine, just get us out of here.”
Bruce stood – and ran, closing the back of the van with a loud “clang!” as he flew around the van, hopping into the driver’s and firing up the engine in a single motion.
Miles and Bruce roared away from the clinic just in time. They had traveled no more than six blocks before they saw the first set of red-and-blue flashing lights come over the hill, obviously heading to their former location.
“Looks like Steve’s tip was right,” thought Miles as he silently thanked Steve yet again for putting himself at risk for them.
Miles was relieved beyond measure that they had taken the time to map  out and plan even the smallest details of their operation, including arranging ahead of time to ditch their moving van. It had struck Miles during their planning that if the authorities were at all smart, and he suspected they were far more intelligent than conventional wisdom might suggest, they would be looking at all large vans with a significant degree of suspicion. You simply couldn’t haul around enough equipment to set up a dozen or so spotlights and a massive sculpture without at least a moderately large van or truck of some kind. Their plan was to dump the moving truck at a pre-selected location and walk the remaining few blocks to the “viewing platform,” where Bruce’s trusty 1966 Ford Econoline van awaited them. Miles thought it likely that he would be doing more limping than walking, but he was fairly certain he could still make it.
“Doing ok?” asked Bruce, concern for Miles’ well being still very evident in his voice.
“Fine. I think my shoe is going to be a hit at the local blood bank though,” rasped  Miles, chuckling a little as he tried to reassure his friend.
Bruce wasn’t ready to laugh about Miles’ injuries yet, but he was encouraged to see Miles’ often acerbic wit back on display again.
“They could somehow trace our transmitter for the ‘heartlights’ couldn’t they,” said Bruce as more of a statement than a question.
“Steve Rogers tipped me off,” replied Miles.
“Thank you Steve,” said Bruce.
“Amen,” replied Miles.
“Please tell me that the other transmitters use different channels, that we’ll still be able to conduct the show,” said Miles as he turned to look squarely at his friend.
Bruce thought for a moment and then hit the steering wheel hard with the heel of his hand.
Miles felt as though he had been thumped in the chest as he slumped back into his seat.
“Gotcha,” said Bruce with a mischievous smile.
“Not only different channels, but completely different sub-channels and modulating, encrypted frequencies. Completely untraceable and good for up to five miles,” said Bruce, grinning as he glanced over at Miles.
Miles laid his head back, closed his eyes, and thanked God again for Bruce Badeau and his amazing electrical- and mechanical-engineering abilities.
“Toying with a man pouring out his last pint of blood for the world, eh?” said Miles wryly.
“Just trying to lighten the mood a little,” replied Bruce as he pulled into the parking garage for a large mall.
“Think you can make it?” asked Bruce.
“The blood bank is counting on me,” replied Miles with a bit of a grimace as he opened his door and stepped out of the van. Miles looked down and was relieved to see he had emptied his shoe sufficiently at the clinic such that no further blood was spilling from his shoe. At least he wouldn’t be leaving a trail of incriminating, bloody footprints from the moving van to their viewing location.
Bruce and Miles donned their “average” blue windbreakers, Bruce smoothing away the protestations of the DoBernard with a few well placed pats as he put him on his very stylish tie-dyed hemp leash. Immanuel, it turned out, wasn’t a big fan of leashes.
“Think we left anything behind that is going to cause us problems?” asked Miles.
“Probably,” replied Bruce, his tone implying that there was little they could do to take corrective action now.
Miles was suddenly very glad they had employed aliases for everything from the start. Nothing they had used, bought or rented – including the seaside cottage in Oregon – could be traced back to Dr. Miles Trebuchet or Bruce Badeau.
Although Miles was worried that they hadn’t had the chance to properly clean things up at the clinic, he agreed with Bruce. There was little they could do about it now. They were just going to have to make due as best they could. They were just going to have to have faith.
“‘Till I entered the sanctuary of God; then I understood their final destiny,” said Bruce fatalistically.
“Amen,” thought Miles again as he limped along with his friends, watching the sun just starting to light the eastern horizon on fire.

Chapter 34

“What in the world is going on?” asked Laura in a puzzled and somewhat frustrated tone of voice as she raised herself up in the passenger seat of the KORN news van in order to try and get a better look at what might be causing all the traffic to slow so dramatically. It was still very early morning and the local commute should have been somewhat light, but traffic on the local city streets seemed to be at an almost complete standstill. There was still plenty of movement and commotion, however, just not by cars.
There were people socializing and milling about everywhere, as though there were some sort of gigantic early morning block party underway. Steve was less perplexed by the general chaos and almost complete gridlock they had come upon as they neared their final destination in downtown Lincoln. He was pretty sure Batman and Robin were responsible somehow. Steve hoped again that the gathered throngs were an indicator of something truly positive; not some sort of terrorist jack-in-the-box stunt that was set to go off only when the maximum number of potential casualties had assembled.
Although sunrise was not yet officially underway, the sky was starting to lighten significantly. It was obvious that the night was once again losing its grip on the world. There was already sufficient light for Steve to be able to make out some of the expressions on the faces of the people milling about in and around the now-clogged streets. He was pleased to see that most of the expressions appeared to be positive.
“Look to the rooftops,” repeated the voice of either Batman or Robin in Steve’s mind.
Steve thought there was likely sufficient light already for people to have started noticing something on a rooftop up ahead, something interesting enough to stop traffic in all directions and turn the usually busy streets of Lincoln into temporary parking lots.
“It’s going to be an even bigger story than I imagined,” thought Steve excitedly as he felt his heart begin to beat fast and pump hard, journalistic adrenaline starting to course through his body.
It was a feeling with which he was very familiar after having been in the news game for almost his entire adult life. The pull of the big story, the feeling that something momentous was happening, that he was right there in the midst of it, a part of it, all combined to make his nerve endings feel like they were twitching with anticipation and excitement. It was a feeling that Steve still loved.
Adding to Steve’s excitement was the realization that they were likely the first news crew on the scene. His compatriots and competitors in the news game would, at least temporarily, likely be kept well back of the scene by the clogged roadways. They had been lucky enough to have beaten the rush – just barely. Steve mentally thanked Batman and Robin again as the realization struck him that they would likely be the only news crew with even a chance of doing a live report from the scene of the story. The other crews simply weren’t going to be able to reach the scene.
“A true exclusive,” thought Steve, the newsman inside of him jumping up and down and clapping with unbridled enthusiasm. It was times like these, as he felt the excitement coursing through him, that made Steve realize he had most assuredly chosen the right profession. He was a born newsman.
Thoughts of New York City and a smiling, happy Laura dressed in her favorite stylishly bohemian clothes suddenly came unbidden into Steve’s mind, but he pushed them aside for now in order to focus on the task at hand.
“Laura, we need to get the van closer so we can try and do a live remote,” said Steve.
“My thinking exactly,” said Laura as she turned her head to smile at him and let him know they were once again on the same page. Steve could see the obvious excitement in Laura’s face and demeanor as well. Like him, she clearly felt the pull of the Big Story at a visceral level.
“Something else we have in common,” thought Steve as he once again felt his love for Laura swell within him.
“Over there Larry!” exclaimed Laura suddenly, pointing out a small gap in the barely moving traffic to their left. There was a small space between a delivery truck and a Buick just up ahead of them that looked like it might afford them access to a small, dark alley that ran behind the buildings on the other side of the street. Steve thought the alley looked forgotten, perhaps even a little lonely, as it sat empty and dark amidst all the commotion. Steve was heartened, however, to see that the little path of broken asphalt appeared to run all the way up to the area of town up ahead they were trying to reach.
“Not exactly paved with yellow bricks, but a gift nonetheless,” thought Steve.
They needed to act fast, though. The gap in traffic wouldn’t last forever and the alley wasn’t likely to be lonely much longer with all the news crews, official personnel and curious onlookers who were already starting to pour into the area.
Steve came close to falling over as Larry suddenly yanked the wheel hard over, cutting in front of oncoming traffic without a signal. Horns blared loudly and angrily as they careened across the road to the narrow alley one street over. Steve briefly glimpsed a raised fist from a pedestrian and the elderly woman in the Buick berating them with her middle finger.
Larry reduced their speed to a crawl, cruising slowly down the alley towards their destination of 29th and Parsons. Although the alley appeared to be fairly empty, Larry proceeded cautiously as there were still more than a few people wandering through the area in general. They certainly didn’t want to be introduced to any new friends courtesy of the front bumper of their news van.  
“Look to the rooftops,” thought Steve again.
Steve pressed his face to the chilly window of the van, craning his neck upwards as much as possible as he tried to see the tops of the buildings that surrounded the narrow alley. It was an older part of town, with many traditionally squat two, three, and four-story brick buildings. Steve wished again that their news van had a sunroof, something he had requested from the KORN execs on more than one occasion. “Sunroof Steve” was a good natured rib and moniker with which he was more than a little familiar.
“What is that!?” exclaimed Laura, pointing out the van’s front windshield at a three-story brick building up ahead of them to the right.
Steve crawled forward in the van – and immediately saw what had gotten Laura so excited. It looked like there was a great hulking mass of some sort on top of one of the buildings up ahead. In the still budding light of the morning, it looked to Steve like a monstrous octopus had crawled up onto the roof, its tentacles hijacked and connected together by a master, in the process creating some new living creature, something magical.
Steve saw the local authorities weren’t taking any chances as to the potential nature of the contraption as they hurriedly cordoned off as much area around the building as possible. Whether it was bomb or bonny or completely benign, they were clearly going to be ready.
“Are we going to be able to get through?” asked Laura, her phone still pressed to her ear as she coordinated the story with the station.
“I think I might have an idea,” said Steve with a mischievous grin.
Laura just raised her eyebrows in response. She didn’t think she had seen Steve display that particular grin before. She liked it though. She thought she might perhaps like to see it in a candlelit room with some champagne on ice.
Larry stopped the van at the behest of a female officer with her hand in the air. Steve dug around a little bit, found what he was looking for and hopped out of the vehicle.
Laura saw Steve hand what looked like a white t-shirt to the female officer, who then proceeded to happily direct them to a prime location near the front of the next building over where they were able to squeeze the news van in amidst several police cruisers.
“It’s a pretty good location, but we need to get higher somehow if we can,” said Steve as he helped Laura from the van.
“Steve, how in world did you not only get us past the police cordon, but actually get that female officer to help us?” asked Laura incredulously.
Steve slid open the side door to the van and retrieved another t-shirt, which he promptly held in the air. The shirt featured a likeness of KORN’s very own Blair Davis, with the words “I Love Blair” emblazoned below the photo.
“You’d be surprised how many fans Blair has,” chuckled Steve. I made these up as kind of a joke two or three years ago, but they have honestly come in very handy.”
“A free t-shirt and the promise of personal tour of the station can go a long way in securing access to venues that might otherwise be forbidden,” chuckled Steve with a wink.
“I definitely think I like you Steve,” whispered Laura with a feminine giggle as she leaned in close and gave Steve’s hand a quick squeeze.
Steve’s heart soared again at the small gesture of affection from Laura.
For his part, Larry was flying around the van busily unloading equipment and getting things set up for a broadcast. Steve urged Larry on and assisted him as much as he could. Dawn was almost upon them, and Steve knew that meant the “unveiling” could happen at any time.
Steve and Laura simultaneously looked up, as though some sort of karmic finger had tapped them on the shoulder, and saw there was a perfect third-story veranda above them that would afford them an incredible location from which to report on the morning’s events.
Without saying a word Laura dashed off to find the owner of the structure in order to try and obtain permission to shoot from the veranda location. Steve laughed in earnest when she returned no more than five minutes later, declaring she had secured unfettered access to the veranda for the small price of a personally autographed photo from KORN’s locally famous, very handsome news anchor – Blair Davis.
Pushing his “anchor envy” for Blair aside temporarily, Steve grabbed Laura’s hand and practically ran up the stairs inside the building to the veranda on the third story. The view was incredible. Much of Lincoln seemed to be laid out before them, with the tangerine and pink hues of an early Spring sunrise just starting to paint the horizon with vivid color.
“Beautiful,” said Laura.
“You or the sunrise?” kidded Steve as he once again took Laura’s hand, pulling her gently towards him.
Steve almost stopped breathing as he looked over at the roof of the building sitting 50 or so feet away from them.
“A roller coaster?” said Steve with astonishment.
“Amazing,” breathed Laura next to him.
He could now clearly see what looked like a sculpture of a roller coaster on the top of the building next to them, complete with a little car at the top of the track. The little coaster car had two small pastel pink and baby-blue flags in the shape of triangles attached to it, the flags waving joyfully to the world as they flapped in the soft, early morning breeze. There were two riders in the little coaster car as well, both children, both frozen in time with unbridled joy in their faces, their arms raised in eternal of glee at the notion of sailing around the track endlessly. The words “Safe Haven” were written in scripted letters on the side of the little coaster car, and Steve could see from the expressions on the faces of the riders that they did indeed feel safe and at home in their little carriage.
And there were balloons, hundreds and hundreds of balloons. Steve saw there were masses of balloons tied off at the four corners of the roof and at two locations on the sculpture itself.
“Incredible,” said Steve. “No wonder traffic is at a standstill.”
“We Love You,” said Laura as she looked over at the huge bronze“We  You” letters that adorned the top of the sculpture.
“What does that mean?”
Steve thought he understood it all now as he examined the artwork, and the building upon which it resided a little more closely. He hadn’t recognized the building earlier, but he did now. It was the Lincoln Women’s Clinic, where among other things, abortions were regularly performed.
“‘Batman’ and ‘Robin’ are Pro Life activists,” thought Steve, not really surprised by the realization.
Steve thought their message of love was a unique, refreshing approach, however. It was a strategy that perhaps had a chance to be more effective than some of the more vindictive, frightening approaches he had seen in the past that had always felt to him like they were overly focused on judgment and condemnation.
“Perhaps their message of love, instead of judgment or condemnation, will resonate where it needs to,” thought Steve as he marveled at the craftsmanship that had obviously gone into the incredible sculpture.
He wondered if it actually worked.
The tangerine-and-pink hues in the sky were really starting to flare now as sunrise began to overtake Lincoln in earnest. Steve looked down at the streets below where traffic was now at a complete standstill. There were thousands of people gathered already, their faces all turned towards Steve and Laura as they gazed up at the building next to Steve and Laura.
“There’s something you don’t see every day,” said Steve as he stared with wonder at the panoramic spectacle that was playing out before him.
“The ‘unveiling’ will be at sunrise,” remembered Steve from his conversation with Batman and Robin.
“Larry!” called Steve as he leaned over the veranda’s rail.
“Grab all the equipment you can and get up here – quick! This is an absolutely perfect location. I’m coming down to help.”
Ten minutes later Laura was running her fingers through Steve’s hair, smoothing it a little before he had to go on air. Laura knew she could have used a brush or a comb. She always carried both with her. But she also knew that wouldn’t be half as much fun. Larry was at the ready, his camera already rolling as he gathered some initial footage of the sculpture. Steve thanked God again for their vantage point. It was fantastic.
Fireworks suddenly burst forth from the back of the sculpture, streaking upward and exploding with purple, red and gold joy in the early morning sky. The explosion of color was quickly followed by a balloon parade of truly epic proportions as the hundreds of balloons at the four corners of the building were somehow cut loose, sailing off into the air en masse to form a horde of bobbing, floating, crimson bubbles with trailing pink strings.
“Incredible,” breathed Steve as he looked over at Laura who now stood speechless, her mouth agape as she took in the view.
“Please tell me we got that Larry,” said Steve.
Larry merely raised his free arm as he panned his camera upward, giving Steve his usual thumbs up to let them know he was indeed getting it all.
Laura, coming to her senses, pressed a microphone into Steve’s hand and with a practiced sweep of her hand, smoothed Steve’s hair one last time.
“This is great,” said Steve smiling as he looked out at the gathered crowd, noticing there were already children holding balloons that they had managed to procure from the sky.
“We’re going live in 30 seconds,” said Laura looking at Steve seriously. “No other crews made it in. We’re going to get picked up by everyone local, likely by some national feeds – CNN, Fox, Headline News. The big boys – ABC, CBS, etc. – might pick up mid-stream.”
“It’s all ours, Steve. It’s our exclusive,” said Laura, her eyes shining with barely contained excitement.
Steve loved that Laura felt the Big Story in her soul the way he did.
Steve steeled himself. This was the moment for which he had been waiting, for which he had been praying. This was New York City and a life with Laura staring him straight in the face. This was the broadcast that could change his life forever. But there would be no editing, no second takes. He would have to improvise an unscripted live broadcast that would likely reach millions of people, and he had to do it now.
Steve closed his eyes and said a small prayer, asking God for any combination of wisdom, strength, grace, and guidance with which he might wish to bless him.
“Ready,” said Steve as he positioned himself confidently in front of the camera.
Laura blew him a kiss and smiled affectionately to let him know she believed in him completely.
The light on Larry’s camera glowed red as they went live.
Steve barely got a few words out before the milling crowd of thousands burst out in applause and a loud cheer as more fireworks erupted from the sculpture, the little coaster car with the smiling children edging forward and picking up speed as it began to move around the track, launching even more balloons joyfully into the sky as it raced around the undulating course.
The amazing piece of art that actually moved, the ebullient crowd, the balloon parade, the erupting fantasy of fireworks... Larry recorded it all – with Steve in the foreground narrating the story.
It was an image that would be burned famously into the consciousness and psyche of America forever, eventually becoming part of that enigmatic mosaic called “Americana.”
The event turned out to have so much emotional and cultural impact for people, that had he still been alive, Andy Warhol, the great 20th-century American pop artist, would likely have painted a rendition of it in garish shades of green and orange and pink and purple.


Chapter 35

Angel Price sat wrapped in what should have been the warmth and comfort of her favorite blanket on the porch of her family’s modest home on the southwest side of Lincoln, Nebraska. Her blanket provided some at-least limited protection from the elements, but emotionally Angel felt like she was sitting completely naked in the early morning cold, without covering or protection of any kind. She had been crying all night, and her eyes were now rimmed in red, the corners crusted with the remains of partially dried tears.
The words “Your Life is Over” again impressed themselves upon her, like a massive stone trying to crush the last remnants of her resistance to the idea. She didn’t want her life to be over. She had plans for a good life, a happy life. She had an appointment at the Lincoln Women’s Clinic later in the morning to make sure the words “Your Life is Over” didn’t come true for her, that the happy life she had planned for herself didn’t get interrupted or inconvenienced.
“Taking care of things” at the clinic was simply the right thing to do. 
Everyone said so.
If she didn’t do it, then her life really would be “over.” At least that’s what all the personnel at the Clinic had been telling her. And they were there to help her, weren’t they? But try as she might to emotionally adjust to her decision, to make sense of the supposedly well-intentioned guidance she was receiving, Angel still couldn’t quite shake the sadness that seemed to grip her soul.
Angel began weeping again, openly sobbing as intense sadness and despair seemed to fill her entire being. The tears on her face felt cold in the early morning air, and Angel wished again that Tommy were there with her to help wipe them away. Maybe that’s why Tommy never called her anymore. Maybe he didn’t want his life to be “over” too.
“Your Life is Over if You Have a Baby at 17...”
“No Man Will Want You if You are a Single Mother...”
“You Have Such a Promising Future...”
Angel had repeatedly heard all of the seemingly sensible reasons why she should get rid of her baby, until they began to all run together and sound similar, like the same old titles to the same old bad movies. She felt like she was listening to clones who had been specifically bred to just say the same thing over and over again, without ever thinking about their words or their meaning. Angel wasn’t sure anymore that she agreed with those words. They were starting to just sound like so much noise, noise that only seemed to confuse her and didn’t seem to hold any real meaning or comfort.
“If it’s the right thing to do, then why am I so sad? Why am I out here freezing with ice crystals made of tears coating my eyes?” thought Angel, wiping fresh tears from her now-chilled and very-red cheeks with one of her blanket-covered hands.
“Why does it feel so wrong?”
Angel caught sudden movement out of the corner of her eye, something red floating gently to the ground, alighting softly amidst the lightly frosted grass of her front yard.
Without thinking, unsure as to why she was even doing so, Angel got up from her dad’s favorite rocking chair. Still wrapped in her blanket against the cold, she ambled over to retrieve the item that had fallen in her yard. She thought she likely made quite a sight for the neighbors as she shuffled across the front yard of her parents’ home wrapped in her treasured “blankie,” wearing her favorite fuzzy pink bunny slippers.
“A balloon?” thought Angel as she approached the crimson object on the lawn. 
She was more than a little puzzled by the sudden appearance of a balloon in the middle of her front yard, that it should suddenly decide to end its career of dancing on the wind, choosing to fall from the sky, selecting her yard as its retirement residence.
Angel turned the heart-shaped balloon over in her hands, examining it carefully. On one side was an incredibly well-drawn picture of a baby reaching up, grasping the index finger of a gentle, adult hand. It looked to Angel as though the child was seeking support and guidance, both of which were being unconditionally offered by the hand above. Underneath the picture were the words “The Promise.” Angel turned the balloon over and saw the other side featured the words “We  You” printed inside a large pink heart.
“We Love You? ‘The Promise’ of a baby?” thought Angel.
“A sign?”
“Could this balloon have been meant especially for me?” asked Angel in a soft voice as she gazed upward at the sky, agonizing once again in her heart about the life that was growing inside of her. 
The tears began to flow once more as Angel began to weep openly again, clutching the balloon in her hands as if trying to squeeze answers from its shiny mylar shell.
“Why does my life have to be over?” thought Angel suddenly, the question flashing into her mind powerfully, welling up from emotional reserves within her that Angel thought had been all but exhausted. It was as though she had suddenly tapped into deep pockets of very female energy, pools of wisdom and power that had been placed within her for the sole purpose of guiding her when her need was greatest.
“Why can’t I live in love with my baby and just take life as it comes? Women have babies and raise them all the time. There’s a pretty long history of that.”
“Why can’t I?” asked Angel.
She was starting to think the whole notion that “Your Life is Over” if you have a baby was really kind of silly. She knew her life would be fundamentally changed and altered forever if she had a baby at 17, but she was starting to question whether that was necessarily a bad or negative thing. How could grace and beauty being born into the world be a bad thing after all? And what would she be prevented from doing if she had a baby? Could she get an education? Yes. Have a career? Get married? Live happily? Yes. Yes. And Yes.
The answer to all the things she wanted in life was still an unequivocal “Yes.”
“Perhaps it’s a gift and not a curse,” thought Angel, feeling hope well up inside of her for the first time in weeks.
“Maybe love is enough,” thought Angel as she moved her hand under her blanket, placing her palm lovingly over the life that was growing inside of her.
“We don’t need to be rich. We can live in a trailer if we have to. At least we’ll be together, living and growing in love together. There might even be an every-day hero out there somewhere who will love both of us together even more than he might have loved us separately.”
“And even if I cannot do all this by myself, maybe there are other options that make more sense for me – and for you” thought Angel firmly as she caressed her tummy, examining once again the beautiful picture on the crimson balloon in her hands.
“The Promise,” said Angel aloud.
“The promise that all life holds? That my life still holds?”
She suddenly remembered hearing about a girl at school who had become pregnant her sophomore year and had been able to place her baby into something called an “Open Adoption.” Angel wasn’t sure if it was true, but she had heard that because it was an “Open Adoption,” the mother still got to spend time with her child. Instead of having to give up her child forever, both mother and child were allowed to become a part of a new, larger family, all of them becoming more together than they might ever have been apart.
“Maybe something like that could work for me?” thought Angel as she continued to grip her balloon, wiping away her remaining tears with the corner of her blanket.
“The Promise,” thought Angel again as she looked once more at the beautiful picture on the balloon.
Angel pulled the balloon to her bosom, embracing it as she made a decision that would forever alter her life, and the life growing inside of her. She felt elation and joy well up inside of her as she realized she wouldn’t be keeping her appointment at the clinic.
Turning and walking quickly back to the front steps of porch, her breath billowing out from her in a crystalline fog, Angel opened the entryway door and was greeted immediately by the warm embrace of her childhood home.
“It’s good to be home,” thought Angel.
Still clutching her balloon, Angel climbed the stairs to her parents’ bedroom, her quiet steps thundering in her head with determination and purpose. Without hesitation, she took a deep breath, and knocked softly on her parents’ bedroom door.
Angel felt the moisture of a fresh tear strike her cheek as she heard the reply of her mother’s ever-caring voice.
 “Good morning, baby…”

Chapter 36

Turner Drake needed a good, strong cup of coffee. He simply wasn’t going to make it through his morning gallery appointments without some serious caffeine rejuvenation and renewal. He had just one problem. He was once again in a very-western portion of the Midwest where commodities like cattle and corn were readily accessible and could feed both you and your vehicle, but where New York City staples of the type that Turner craved were often far more difficult to find.
Turner wasn’t in the mood for just any kind of coffee. He needed a cup of oily black nectar. An urn of coffee that smelled like it was infused with the spirit of frosting-laden donuts bearing pink sprinkles, sprinkles that possessed a refined chewiness from being perfectly aged to just the right side of stale. It was something he knew he was unlikely to find outside the friendly confines of Brooklyn, NY, thus his morning quest to satisfy his “Dunkin’ Donuts”-inspired coffee craving was likely going to be near impossible anywhere in the “real West” Midwest, much less in central Nebraska. Still, Turner was determined to try.
“Maybe I could strike black gold at a local donut shop or diner,” thought Turner as he continued to drive, hungrily scanning the streets around him in search of a reprieve for his caffeine cravings.
Turner liked coming to the Midwest in general. The people were often far less wary of being open than was traditionally the case in the east, which meant ready smiles weren’t in such short supply. Turner thought it made for a nice cultural change of pace once in a while to be smiled at for absolutely no other reason than your heart happened to still be beating.
The coffee in the cities and more metropolitan areas of the Midwest, however, definitely left something to be desired. There were the obligatory Starbucks coffee-chain outlets everywhere, of course. But there was little to choose from if one wanted a good-old-fashioned cup of piping-hot black gold, with just a hint of real cream for texture and color.
Turner liked coffee that looked and tasted as though it had been conceived in – and had started percolating during – the Big Band era of World War II, coffee that seemed to be infused with the aroma of a bygone era. It wasn’t genuinely coffee unless it resembled a black elixir that could legitimately be referred to as a “cup of joe.”
He knew he could find that kind of coffee in the smaller towns and communities of the Midwest, usually in old cafés with names like “Tex’s” or “The Crowbar.” The more “metropolitan” regions of the area, however – like Lincoln and Omaha – seemed to have somehow lost touch with the vestigial memories of where coffee and cafés had begun. Today Turner had business in Lincoln, which meant a relaxing evening martini at a great retro dance place he knew, one that offered the fantastic concept of nightly drop-in ballroom dancing. But that was for later. The morning was his current challenge. As one of Nebraska’s metropolitan cities, Lincoln offered little in the way of what Turner would term “good coffee.”
“Not unless I absolutely have to,” thought Turner, groaning audibly as he passed yet another Starbucks with a line of smartly dressed patrons in shiny new vehicles clogging the drive through, all desperately seeking the latest “mocha-frappa-latté-chino” concoction.
Turner knew he didn’t have time to drive out to one of the outlying communities in order to seek out a mom-and-pop café where they would be sure to speak his particular dialect of java – a place where he could still order a “cup of joe” and they would know what he was talking about. He was going to have to find his morning joe somewhere within the confines of the city of Lincoln proper. Turner knew he could always capitulate and just go to a Starbucks where “coffee, black, with just a splash of cream” could still be had. But somehow even old-school black coffee at Starbucks always seemed to taste far more like the band Nirvana than it did Benny Goodman, and Turner was a Benny Goodman guy all the way.
 Turner carefully dodged another Midwest icon in the form of a pickup truck that had moved into his path and thought about the lack of success he had enjoyed thus far on his latest “Midwest Treasure Hunt.” Most gallery owners, art collectors and connoisseurs of the avant garde generally avoided the truly western portion of the Midwest – Kansas, Nebraska, Iowa, and Missouri. They felt that particular area of the country just didn’t have much to offer the world in terms of artistry, creativity, or progressive thinking, so they simply avoided it – like the proverbial plague. Turner disagreed with the consensus opinion of his compatriots and peers. Early on in his career as an art collector and dealer, Turner had found that imaginative pieces which often spoke in ways not even considered by the so-called avant garde could occasionally be found in the truly Midwestern portion of the country.
“Cowboy Art,” his friends called it.
Turner sometimes agreed with his friends, especially on days where he encountered sculptures incorporating cowboy boots and just a little too much barbed wire. But there were exceptions as well.
“Elizabeth Mix,” thought Turner fondly, recalling the first time he had struck gold with the artwork of a native Nebraskan.
  Turner had obtained one of Elizabeth’s first paintings during a trip to Lincoln a few years ago. That one painting had piqued the curiosity and interest of several New York art critics and had sparked the career of Elizabeth Mix, the now-very-successful young artist from the Midwest with whom the art world was completely enamored.
Elizabeth was from a small outlying community west of Omaha, a town of no more than a few thousand people, mostly farmers. It was probably one of the most unlikely places possible to discover real artistic talent. Yet Turner had done just that with Elizabeth Mix.
All of Elizabeth’s work was incredible in its ability to evoke raw emotion from everyday images, but the particular painting that Turner was thinking of now had possessed a special magic. The painting had been called “Prairie Wind” and it had depicted nothing more than a wind-swept vista of tall prairie grass. But the way the colors of the grass had flowed across the canvas, joining with the wind and the sky to form a depth and presentation of movement that seemed somehow to convey a real sense of loneliness and sorrow had filled Turner’s heart and soul with a powerful mix of unfiltered emotions. It was only a painting of tall grass, but it told a story of complete and utter despair, of potential hope and redemption. Turner remembered how his heart had ached and tears had actually moistened his cheeks the first time he had laid eyes upon the piece.
“Evoking powerful emotions like that when just painting tall grass is no small feat,” Turner remembered thinking at the time as he had first gazed with an aching heart upon the painting called “Prairie Wind.”
That painting and the discovery of Elizabeth Mix had been one of Turner’s greatest successes in pursuing his Midwest Treasure Hunts. This year, as always, he hoped to find another artist of the same caliber. A tall order to be sure, but Turner was optimistic there was still a great deal of undiscovered talent out there in the world, including in the “art wasteland” regions of the heartland.
Unfortunately, he had thus far already been through most of Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas – all without success. Nebraska was his final stop. It was his last remaining hope of finding some treasure and having a successful trip before he had to wrap things up and head back to his galleries and daily duties in the Big Apple.
The pickup in front of Turner abruptly hit the brakes – hard, and Turner slammed on the brakes of his rental car in response to the suddenly glaring-red taillights in front of him. Turner’s tires shrieked in protest, sending short-lived, but-very-loud cries of agony into the chilly morning air. He managed to come to a full stop, however – about six inches from the back bumper of the blue pickup in front of him.
“Close,” thought Turner, exhaling slowly and a little shakily as he noticed that the traffic all around him seemed to be stopped as well.
“Now what?” thought Turner as he unbuckled his seatbelt and raised himself in up a little in order to try and get a better look at what might be going on up ahead. What he saw made him wish he hadn’t bothered to look. It appeared that all roads in every direction had been turned into a parking lot. Worse, there didn’t appear to even be the hope that things were going to get moving again anytime soon as there were people milling about everywhere amidst the sea of stalled traffic.
“Maybe somebody has a thermos of coffee in the car and will share with me?” thought Turner as he shut down his rental car and stepped out onto the street, a little aggravated that he was getting no closer to his morning “cup of joe.”
Looking up, Turner saw hordes of red balloons navigating the early morning breeze. Sunlight glinted off the skin of the balloons, turning them into sparkling, heart-shaped bubbles. A mass of screaming, sparking fireworks suddenly shot into the sky from somewhere up ahead of him. Turner’s jaw fell open.
“Balloons? Fireworks?” thought Turner incredulously, his curiosity bursting at the seams as a result of the strange, completely out of context display.
Caught up in the excitement, his coffee cravings temporarily forgotten, Turner’s legs were jogging towards the source of the fireworks before he even had a chance to grab the keys from his rental car.
“This is kind of fun,” thought Turner as he continued to jog easily towards what appeared to be the nexus of the chaos. As he moved between cars and groups of people, Turner tried to make sense of the rather surreal circumstances surrounding him. There were people congregating and milling about everywhere, speaking to each other excitedly, many of them holding the hands of children who were clinging to balloons they had managed to corral. It was like an impromptu festival or party, and Turner couldn’t help but smile a little. Always a man for a good party, the creative spirit in him also loved fireworks – and the balloons weren’t half bad either.
“This is almost better than a ‘cup of joe’. Not quite, but almost,” thought Turner with a grin as he continued to move resolutely toward the source of the commotion.
Turner was way beyond just being a little curious. He had to find out what was going on. A thousand stalled pickup trucks, which it actually looked like there were, couldn’t have kept him away. He jogged a couple more blocks, feeling good as he breathed in the cool, crisp morning air, before he literally stopped cold in the chilly morning breeze. Turner stood transfixed as he looked at a brick building about a block up ahead of him on the left.
“We  You,” read Turner as he stood and gaped at the large bronze letters that adorned the top of – a roller coaster? – which sat atop the building up ahead of him.
Turner stared in amazement at the contraption that sat perched like an ornate octopus.
“A sculpture?” thought Turner. “A sculpture that moves?”
Turner stopped jogging – and ran.
As he got closer, breathing raggedly from his block-long sprint, Turner could see that one of the most fantastic pieces of artwork he had ever encountered sat atop the old brick building. It was a stylized roller coaster with children in a little coaster car repeatedly traversing its undulating circular track.
“Safe Haven,” read Turner on the side of the little coaster car as it soared around the track.
He thought the sculpture as a working roller coaster was fantastic in and of itself, but he also immediately saw the piece was far more than just a roller coaster as he stood quietly and studied it in detail, taking in the full meaning of the piece as he tried to absorb its nuances. Turner especially liked the way the children seemed to communicate unbridled joy and an almost eternal happiness – despite the somewhat hair-raising nature of their ride.
Turner instantly saw the coaster as a representation of life, something that could be dangerous to traverse, especially for innocents, but which could be navigated successfully and joyfully – as long as a safe haven of some kind, like the little car, could be provided.
“Magnificent,” breathed Turner.
He thought the piece was simply tremendous. It was spectacular. It was amazing.
And best of all – it moved.
“I have to see it up close,” thought Turner as he skirted the police barricades to join the crowds that were gathered directly across the street from the sculpture.
As Turner watched, his mouth agape with wonder, the little coaster car started rolling downhill again, its pink and blue flags clapping in the wind as it picked up speed, launching balloons into the air as it started racing around the undulating track in earnest, making a memorable “clacking” sound as it went along its merry way. As  the little car approached the top of the ride once more, fresh fireworks exploded into the sky as enthusiastic cheers and applause broke out from the spectators around him.
“It seems that everyone is willing to be inconvenienced a bit this morning if the show is good enough, if there is enough magic in the air...” thought Turner as he looked around at the good-natured expressions that surrounded him.
Turner cracked a smile of his own and joined enthusiastically in the applause, examining the piece a little more carefully as he did so. The message of the sculpture was obviously controversial and powerful, a necessity for any piece in a Turner Drake gallery. Turner had always felt the real purpose of art was to challenge sensibilities, to evoke powerful and potentially uncomfortable thoughts and emotions. The piece before him now did those things with some of the grandest majesty he had ever seen.
“We  You.”
“I get that,” thought Turner. “A message of universal love, not condemnation and judgment. Love it.”
“Safe Haven,” read Turner again as he looked again at the little coaster car that held the smiling children.
“The car is obviously a metaphor for the need for safe havens for children,” thought Turner.
“Love that notion as well.”
Having spent a good portion of his childhood in foster homes that always seemed to be long on impatience and anger and short on kindness, Turner immediately identified with the message of safe havens for children. It was a message that seemed to resonate tangibly with his spirit.
“Amen,” said Turner as he looked at the smiling children in the safe haven car with their arms eternally reaching to the sky with joy.
Turner felt a slight tap on his leg and looking down, saw a little boy next to him. The little boy had a white flower in his shirt pocket, Turner thought it looked like a daisy, and he was holding one of the balloons that were floating everywhere.
“The Promise,” said Turner as he read the pink lettering that adorned the balloon just below a truly fantastic illustration of a baby reaching up for support and guidance from a gently outstretched adult hand. As the balloon twirled in the morning breeze, Turner saw the words “We  You” imprinted in a large pink heart on the balloon’s opposite side.
Turner looked across the street at the building that supported the sculpture again. This time he saw the black-and-white sign that said “Lincoln Women’s Clinic.”
“Ah ha,” thought Turner, suddenly understanding clearly what was going on.
“Looks like we have some Pro Life people trying to take their message to the world through art,” thought Turner.
“Interesting.”
“And it looks like their message might about to be broadcast to the wider world,” surmised Turner as he looked over at a news team that appeared to be doing a live remote of the entire event. Given the spectacular, rather outlandish nature of the event, Turner guessed there were likely more than a few local and perhaps even some national networks picking up the feed from the local news team as they busily broadcast from a 3rd-story veranda next to the roof that supported the coaster.
“Definitely powerful, controversial, and now famous enough for a Turner Drake gallery,” thought Turner as he considered the nature of the piece and the publicity it was already receiving.
“I have to have it,” thought Turner as he pulled out his iPhone and started surfing the Net in search of some local movers.
Within five minutes Turner had Lincoln’s finest “Two Men and a Truck” service on its way to his location. He was certain he would be able to arrange for the police to let his truck through once he became the new owner of the artwork. Now he just had to convince the person in charge of the facility to sell it to him.
Turner strode purposefully into the lobby of the Lincoln Women’s Clinic – and immediately encountered utter chaos. He tried several times to flag down one of the bustling women who seemed to be hurrying endlessly from one end of the clinic to the other. He wasn’t sure what task the bustling women thought they might be accomplishing with their repeated and endless movement, but the seeming pointlessness of their endeavor didn’t seem to phase them as they looked more than eager to just continue their non-stop movement. The spectacle reminded Turner of the story of Sisyphus as he watched the women all hurry to and fro continuously, seemingly without progress or an end to their endeavors.
Turner finally just stepped in front of one of the women. He had a sculpture to procure, and he needed a little information. His chosen target had a far away look in her eyes as though completely caught up in her own world, and she almost bowled Turner over before her eyes refocused on the new obstacle in front of her, an object to be damned for sure now that it was responsible for obstructing her bustling.
“Hi!” said Turner cheerfully.
Blank stare.
“Is there someone in charge I could talk to?”
Hostile grimace.
Turner tried his best “I understand and we’re all on the same team called humanity” smile.
Pained frown.
“Is there a manager, director, owner I could speak with my dear lady?” tried Turner as he eased a bit to the left, trying to entice the woman with the promise of further uninterrupted bustling if she assisted him with his search.
“Upstairs, two doors down on the left,” replied the woman hastily as she licked her lips a little, clearly eying the proffered opening to further bustling hungrily.
“Thank you my fine woman,” replied Turner cheerily as he stepped aside completely.
Frown.
The woman launched past Turner in a rush, as though she had broken through a restraining barrier of some kind, as though her forward momentum had been held in check far too long.
Turner smiled as he watched the woman go, happy to have assisted her in resuming duties that she obviously found eminently satisfying.  He made his way up the stairs and easily found the office for which he had been looking.
“Ms. Marjorie Masters, Director Lincoln Women’s Clinic,” read Turner on the plaque next to the door.
Turner poked his head around the edge of the doorway and saw a rather severe-looking woman sitting at a desk with a computer. The rather tough-looking woman was busily multi-tasking, typing away furiously at her keyboard and shouting angrily into a phone that was clamped tightly into the crook of her neck.
“She really needs a headset or her neck is going to make a masseuse somewhere a very good living,” thought Turner.
“Excuse me,” interrupted Turner with his most pleasant and innocuous smile as he walked into the room and presented himself squarely in front of Ms. Master’s desk.
The perturbed-looking Ms. Masters paused her phone conversation for only a moment to grimace at Turner, then resumed her frenzied multi-tasking as though Turner weren’t even there. When Turner held his ground, she proceeded to “shoo” him away with one of her free hands – without looking up from her keyboard or pausing her conversation.
“Tough crowd at this facility today,” thought Turner.
“I am very sorry to bother you,” interrupted Turner again, undaunted in his pursuit of what he knew was a large piece of artistic treasure sitting just above his head on top of the building. This time, in order to make sure he got the attention he needed, he held up several $100 bills in front of him like a shield.
Ms. Masters paused her conversation again, this time with more of a puzzled-than-angry expression on her face.
“Puzzled is good,” thought Turner. He would take puzzled over angry anytime. Puzzled he could work with, angry was a bit more difficult.
Ms. Masters obviously heard something on the phone that agitated her again, however, as she turned her eyes away from Turner once more, spinning her chair around violently in order to re-focus her attention.
“That is correct, Chief Saunders, we have important work to do today to meet the medical needs of women in our community and we will NOT be evacuating our facility,” heard Turner as Director Masters berated what was obviously the local fire or police chief on the other end of the line.
“I hardly think a few fireworks pose a hazard to a brick building that has stood for more than 80 years,” continued Director Masters in a tone that could easily have been used to remove paint from walls. “If you are so worried about the monstrosity on our roof being dangerous, why don’t you send over the bomb squad or a swat team or something to just tear it down? You will get no objections from me.”
Turner almost cried out as he contemplated the loss of the incredible artwork that currently sat above him. He cringed inwardly as he pictured an energetic cadré of police and firefighters enthusiastically busting up the sculpture with batons and axes, unceremoniously dumping its body parts off the side of the building to be hauled away as so much trash. He knew the piece was tremendously inspiring and memorable as pure artwork. He simply couldn’t let it be destroyed.
“If you have a problem with us taking care of the safety and welfare of Lincoln’s women, Chief Saunders, then you can take it up with our corporate attorneys and the media,” snapped Ms. Masters into the phone. “I am sure that the media would be interested in getting your thoughts on why the health and welfare of the women of Lincoln were less important than a few harmless fireworks.”
And then Ms. Masters unceremoniously hung up the phone and spun back around to face Turner.
“Can I help you?” asked the obviously exasperated and frustrated Director of the Lincoln Women’s Clinic.
“Good morning, Ms. Masters. My name is Turner Drake, and I am in town...”
“Just get to the point Mr. Drake,” shot Ms. Masters as she folded her arms tightly in front of her chest.
“Of course,” continued Turner. “I would like to offer you $1,000 for the item that currently resides on your roof – and I will remove it for you at no charge.
“Do you know who it belongs to?” asked Ms. Masters.
“I believe it is yours,” replied Turner. “It does reside on the roof of your clinic after all.”
“Hmmm,” said Ms. Masters as she stroked her chin thoughtfully. “You will get that monstrous thing off the roof of my clinic so that things can get back to normal around here – and you’re going to give me $1,000 for the privilege?”
“That is correct,” said Turner, flashing his most winsome “trust me” smile.
“And you will use licensed and bonded professionals to perform the removal?” asked Ms. Masters, impressing Turner with her savvy under pressure.
“I have professional movers on the way now,” replied Turner. “They should be here within the next 30 minutes, sooner if you can make some calls and request that my movers and their truck receive ready access to the building.”
“Three thousand,” bargained Ms. Masters shrewdly.
“Two thousand,” countered Turner, now enjoying the exchange.
“Deal,” said Ms. Masters as she picked the phone and started to dial. “Just get that worthless piece of junk off my roof. Quickly.”
“Your wish is my command,” replied Turner as he took out his checkbook and rapidly scrawled out a check to the Lincoln Women’s Clinic for $2,000.
Three minutes later Turner Drake was holding a receipt made out to him by Ms. Masters, Director of the Lincoln Women’s Clinic. He was now the proud owner of a “worthless piece of junk.”
He couldn’t have been more thrilled.





Part III
Damnation – and Resurrection



“This is the evil in everything that happens under the sun: The same destiny overtakes all. The hearts of men, moreover, are full of evil and there is madness in their hearts while they live, and afterward they join the dead.”
-- Ecclesiastes 9:3


“... And you could have it all, my empire of dirt. I will let you down. I will make you hurt ...”
-- Johnny Cash





Chapter 37

Allan Elliott sat up in bed quickly. He knew he was going to be sick. Not wanting to make a mess, he unceremoniously cast his luxurious covers aside and bolted for the bathroom. He didn’t really care that he had thrown his blankets and sheets carelessly over the top of the young girl sleeping next to him, he just didn’t want to be sick all over his exquisite “Austrian Goose Down” comforter and “King Tut Blue” Egyptian cotton sheets. He had paid a pretty penny for those particular linens, especially for the 1000-thread-count sheets that had been handcrafted and custom-sewn just for him. The matching linens displayed his initials in gold at the corner of each sheet. He wasn’t about to risk ruining them.
Allan grabbed his bathrobe off the back of a chair, donning it on the fly as he made his way unsteadily out of the master bedroom, the lushly carpeted floor beneath his bare feet seeming to rock and sway like it was more liquid than solid. Allan groaned as his stomach seemed to heave to and fro with every step.
“Not much time, definitely going to be sick,” thought Allan as he swayed and staggered on legs that didn’t feel quite seaworthy yet.
He lurched toward one of the two bathrooms in his luxuriously appointed suite and knelt down in front of the toilet, grabbing onto the bowl firmly with his fitness-club-strengthened arms. The cold of the porcelain against his cheek actually felt good in his current condition, and he tightened his embrace on the bowl in gratitude.
“Praying to the porcelain gods again,” thought Allan Elliott as his face cracked into a mirthless sneer that was about as close as he ever came to a smile.
Allan drew in a deep breath, trying to calm his protesting tummy. It didn’t work. He threw up violently, grimacing at the taste of the bitter bile that flooded and spewed forth from his mouth repeatedly, thinking the whole time that Taittinger champagne tasted so much better going down than it did coming up.
He threw up hard for at least five minutes straight, his stomach and throat becoming raw and sore with the effort. Finally, the heaving subsided, and Allan collapsed back into a sitting position on the cold, hard floor in front of the toilet.
“Breakfast of champions,” laughed Allan as he spat a large, rather chewy remnant of bile into the toilet bowl.
Allan drew his legs up underneath him to sit cross legged on the chilly floor of his elegant bathroom and grabbed a wad of toilet paper to wipe the remnants of barf from his unshaven face. He “smiled” as he cleaned himself up, another mirthless smirk splitting his face as bits and pieces of last night’s debaucheries started coming back to him.
“What a party,” thought Allan fondly as he remembered some of what had gone on at “Club Owl” the night before.
Allan loved it when he received the occasional invitation to attend an event at Club Owl. It wasn’t just anyone who could get an invitation to attend a party at the hyper exclusive Club Owl after all. “All Hallowed Owl,” as it was known in certain circles, was where some of the most elite members of Washington’s privileged class went when they wanted to have a good time with like-minded friends and acquaintances. Only the most colossal movers and shakers in the world of the super elite could garner an invitation to one of the special events at Club Owl, and last night had been one of those events. The theme for last night’s party had been “Safari Night,” and young girls and boys from across the various regions of Africa had been available for the taking. Allan considered himself very lucky indeed to have received an invitation.
“Delicious,” thought Allan as he shivered with memories of pleasure from the night before, licking the last bits of bile from his lower lip.
The sound of a television suddenly came to Allan. It sounded like the morning news was playing on the plasma set in his master bedroom.
“What is that stupid bitch doing now?” thought Allan, anger flaring up inside of him at the thought of the little nothing in his bed having the audacity to touch anything in his home without his permission.
Allan tried to get up, then quickly sat back down again, his head throbbing and pounding in a squeezing sort of way as though he had spent the night with his head in a vice. His legs continued to feel less than seaworthy as well, like they were still trying to find their footing on his apartment’s aft deck.
“I am stronger than this,” growled Allan viciously as he forced himself to get up despite his sickness.
He staggered across the living room, back into the master bedroom. He was about to read the useless nothing in his bed the riot act and maybe give her a smack or two so that she would remember her place when the pictures and sounds streaming loudly from “Good Morning America” on his very-expensive Sony plasma television drew his attention – literally stopping him cold.
The screen on the TV was split vertically and was displaying two different feeds simultaneously. On the left side of the screen was Susan Sampson, the very blonde, very attractive lead anchor of ABC’s morning show. Susan was interviewing a nattily clad gentleman with a very well-trimmed beard who was obviously supposed to be providing an expert opinion of some sort. Allan knew the man was more likely a highly paid propagandist than he was an expert in anything, but he also knew that as long as the text below the man’s name on the television had the word “expert” in it, then an expert he would be.
Despite the stunning physical beauty of Susan Sampson and the appeal of a professional propagandist at work, it was the right side of the screen that had really caught Allan’s attention. There was a clip playing on that side of the screen of what looked like some sort of roller coaster on top of a building. The coaster had a single car traversing its undulating circular track with two occupants in it – sculptures of a little boy and girl. To Allan, it looked like the children were screaming in terror as they flew around the track.
“Who puts a roller coaster up on top of a building?” thought Allan with complete bewilderment.
The little coaster car raced around the circular track, the wind ripping at the powder-blue and pastel-pink triangular flags that adorned it as it launched balloon after balloon into a sky that looked already like the Super Bowl had come to town. There were thousands of blood-red balloons drifting in the sky, so many that Allan thought the sky must feel as though it was being drowned in human plasma. Allan watched as the little coaster car completed another circuit and reached the top of the “ride” once again, setting off a mass of fireworks that were filled with enough spark and flames to make even old beelzebub proud.
“We Love You,” said Allan with a smirking guffaw as he read the giant bronze letters at the top of the coaster.
Allan heard raucous shouts of anger and fury as the camera panned backward to show “spectators” gathered everywhere in the streets, sitting on their cars amidst what should have been very busy roadways but which were now simply parking lots filled with automotive bleachers. Allan smiled with grim satisfaction as he immediately saw more than a few “fingers of anger” and “you’re #1 proclamations” sprinkled throughout the crowd as the camera swept across the people who were gathered to watch the strange display.
“Looks like not everyone is happy with the show,” thought Allan with a wretched excuse for a grin.
“What to do you think their message is?” Allan heard Susan Sampson ask her “expert” guest.
“Well Susan, it is clear that the message is not one of peace or concern for their fellow citizens. Just look at the chaos this little stunt has caused,” admonished Susan’s expert as he waved his hand contemptuously and scowled his general disapproval of the entire affair.
“Would you say in your expert opinion that this qualifies as ‘Informational Terrorism’?” asked Susan of her guest.
Allan found himself suddenly very awake, and very unable to breathe.
“Informational Terrorism,” thought Allan with no small measure of excitement, savoring the words as his tongue flicked out to taste his own lips once more.
Those words, so delectably sweet. There was power in those words, power enough to drive the media into a frenzy of long-term, non-stop coverage. Power enough to condemn and convict without even a pretense of due course or just cause. Power enough to let the “ends justify the means” and use “any means necessary” to bring perpetrators of “Informational Terrorism” to justice.
“Those are words I can use,” thought Allan as a spine-tingling shiver of pleasure seemed to run the entire course of his body.
Allan had been waiting almost a decade in his career as a Washington D.C. bureaucrat to be the lead on a really big case so that he could truly advance his career and finally make something out of his life. That was one of the key reasons he had joined the fledgling Department of Homeland Security when it was just getting off the ground in a post-911 America. Allan was still convinced that “fighting terrorism” was someday going to be his ticket to that promised land that made him tingle all over when he thought about it. Allan was tired of almost having it all. He wanted more – much more. He wanted “The Land of Everything.”
“Perhaps I could finally afford some of those tasty little Japanese girls with a Director-level appointment at Homeland Security or the Federal Emergency Management Agency,” thought Allan, licking his lips again at the deliciousness of the thought.
“Or maybe, just maybe, the Deputy Director of a brand new agency, an organization that I could found and lead, bending and shaping it to my will, until it became an extension of me,” thought Allan, allowing himself for just a moment to indulge in one of his favorite fantasies.
Allan’s attention was drawn back to the television as Susan’s expert analyst continued his pontifications.
“Susan, I think the fact that this display took place at a facility dedicated to the health and welfare of women says a great deal about the perpetrators,” continued the voice of expertise and reason. “Terrorism by its very definition is intended to make people afraid to the point that they alter their normal behavior. The women on their way to this clinic this morning to have their health-care needs met most likely feel incredibly frightened and terrorized. Many likely had to cancel or reschedule their appointments and thus were unable to obtain the health care that is their right.”
“Oh, he’s good,” thought Allan as he admired the professional propagandist on “Good Morning America” expertly manipulating the message in order to set the tone for the day’s water-cooler conversations, taking advantage of the situation fully in order to further a political agenda. He found himself respecting the man greatly.
“It’s an abortion clinic!” said Allan excitedly, forgetting for the moment that he wasn’t alone as he jumped into the air slightly, clapping his hands together gleefully
“‘Informational Terrorism’ AND abortion politics, that was a winning hand in any political game,” thought Allan happily as the possibilities for exploiting the situation danced delectably in his mind.
Allan wasn’t sure why, when the borders of America were completely open every hour of every day to nuke-toting terrorists and child-destroying drug dealers, that perceived attacks on abortion clinics generated the kind of wailing and gnashing of teeth they did with the media/government complex, but then again, he didn’t really care either. He was perfectly happy to take advantage of the oddity regardless of when or how it came to be, and he recognized an opportunity when he saw one.
Allan knew in his soul that this case, this story, was going to be huge, and the media was going to cover it like it was the second coming of OJ. And he was going to do everything in his power to help make sure and facilitate that was indeed the case. Allan knew he had already made the decision to go after the case with all the fury, passion, and blackmail he could muster. He was going to do whatever it took to make absolutely sure he was the lead, squarely in the glare of the media spotlight. This case was going to be his ticket to the magical land of “Everything.” He could feel it. He could taste it.
When everything was said and done, Allan intended to get full credit for cracking the case and bringing the perpetrators to justice. And there was no question that the case would be “cracked,” even if Allan had to arrange for a patsy to take a fall. Allan grinned crookedly as he imagined the incredible view of Virginia in the distance and the feel of the plush, ergonomically correct Director’s chair enfolding him with pure luxury as he sat comfortably in his new corner office.
“Delicious,” thought Allan, licking his lips a little more.
“It would have been better though if the building had been blown up or burned down and someone had gotten killed,” thought Allan seriously as he considered how best to take advantage of the situation.
“We’ll have to do something about that next time. Maybe we can find a janitor or a homeless bum or a drugged-out illegal to be a ‘hero’,” thought Allan as he considered the likelihood that the “Informational Terrorists” would stage another show.
He was fairly certain, based on his experience and training, that the perpetrators of the roller coaster event would indeed continue on with more of the same, but he also didn’t want to take any chances. If he had to, he would assist them or impersonate them in order to assure at least one or two more events. Acting as a provocateur didn’t bother Allan at all, it was just something that was sometimes necessary in the real world.
“Those fireworks sure look like a real fire hazard,” mused Allan as he grinned a ragged “smile” that was more rancid than jovial.
He quickly ran through various scenarios in his mind that he could perhaps arrange, trying to get a feel for which would be the most powerful and garner him the greatest amount of media attention and exposure. He knew he was going to need a “Strike Team” for this project, which was going to cost him, but he knew it was going to be worth it.
“An investment in my future,” thought Allan as he listened to Susan Sampson and her “unbiased” expert further expound upon and discuss the dangers of “Informational Terrorism.”
“Looks like America is going to have its next crazed right-wing extremist abortion-clinic bomber soon,” thought Allan as another rather rancid smile split his face like a misshapen scar.
“Thank you mighty Baal for this opportunity,” thought Allan, giving mock praise to the latest pagan god that was currently in vogue around town at places like Club Owl.
Allan himself wasn’t religious in the least, not even in a pagan sort of way, but he was perfectly willing to thank anyone who helped encourage the type of parties that Baal did, thus he had become a bit of a Baal devotee as of late.
“And speaking of parties,” thought Allan as he turned to look at the lovely, very-young black girl who was now sitting topless in his bed.
Allan thought she was likely Ethiopian, maybe 14 or 15 years old, perhaps younger. He didn’t really care as long as she provided him with pleasure. Unfortunately, he knew he didn’t have time for any further pleasure this morning. He needed to get showered and shaved and over to the office immediately. He was acutely aware that if he didn’t seize the opportunity before him then some other enterprising comer in the district certainly would. Allan intended by the end of the day to be the man appointed to coordinate and lead the investigation, likely a joint effort alongside agencies like the FBI, ATF and Treasury Department. This was his day, and he was going to seize it.
“Carpe diem,” thought Allan as he considered his options, trying to figure out the best, most effective way to proceed. Unfortunately, he thought it was highly probably that he was going to need the assistance of his father.
Allan hated asking his father for help, but he wasn’t going to take any chances on this one. This was the opportunity for which he had literally been waiting a lifetime. A strategically placed call from his very-senior Senator father would help assure that he was put in charge of coordinating the investigation. He would definitely be giving dear old dad a call while driving in to the office.
Of course he first needed to get in touch with his assistant David. David Marsten was the quintessential Washington insider. He was capable of adequately coordinating Allan’s entire life and career because he simply knew every “in” and “out” that Washington had to offer. Allan knew he would need David more than ever on this one. He made a mental note to subtly remind David of the various pieces of incriminating data regarding his life that Allan still controlled and held in confidence. Allan needed David badly, thus he was going to need to keep him in line.  
Allan looked at the beautiful young girl in his bed again as she sat watching the television. Although lovely, she was worthless to him now if he couldn’t use her for self gratification and pleasure. She had served her purpose. It was time for her to go.
“There are always others available from ‘The Service’ or at another party anyway,” thought Allan.
He unceremoniously picked the girl’s dress up off the bed and threw it at her, hitting her in the face and making her cry out in pained surprise.
“Get out,” growled Allan as he turned away without a second glance and started dialing David on his cell.
“Hello?” heard Allan as the obviously not-yet-fully-awake David Marsten answered his phone.
“Get up and turn on ‘Good Morning America’ David, then meet me at the office in an hour,” spat Allan. “We’ve got work to do.”
Allan hung up without another word and tossed his phone onto the bed, dropping his puke-dotted robe onto the plushly carpeted floor as he did so. He whistled and hummed to himself as he made his way to the kitchen to prepare a fresh, hot cappuccino before heading back to the bathroom to take a  shower. The thought of his future finally coming together was making him feel much better, and he continued to hum to himself as he shuffled about his kitchen naked.
Allan Elliott, Assistant Director of Strategic Initiatives at the Department of Homeland Security, was feeling far too good about his day and his future prospects to take any notice of the beautiful young black girl quietly exiting his richly appointed suite, her head already bowed from one-too-many of life’s defeats.

Chapter 38

Miles was back in front of the little green-and-yellow cottage in the idyllic country setting. The scenic vista before him looked as beautiful as ever. The sky was still a flawless blue that bespoke afternoon naps with puffy white clouds as pillows. The grass was still perfectly manicured, a lush green carpet for carefree toes. Flowers still burst forth everywhere in small bunches, like little ground-based rainbows. Perfect little white-gravel walkways with wooden bridges that spanned a meandering creek still traversed the area. And hundreds of quaint little cottages painted in vibrant primary colors still dotted the landscape whimsically as far as the eye could see.
And other than Miles, there still wasn’t a soul to be seen.
“It’s beautiful, but it feels so empty, so ‘wrong’ somehow,” thought Miles. “There should be people here enjoying this place.”
Miles turned and opened the front door of the cottage before him. He knew exactly where he was going as he climbed the stairs to the second story. He paused at the entrance to the first bedroom, not sure he wanted to go in but knowing that in the end he would. Marshaling his courage, his resolve, Miles entered.
“Hi Daddy!” chimed Ashley as Miles walked into the now-familiar room.
Miles saw that his daughter was sitting next to her mother, stroking Catherine’s hair gently. Ashley had placed what looked like a hand-crocheted shawl around her mother’s shoulders in order to help keep her warm. The shawl was a creamy white color and had the words “We  You” written all over it in fanciful pink script. Catherine was still staring endlessly, unknowingly, at the little patch of hardwood floor in front of her, completely oblivious to her family and the love that surrounded her. Miles was relieved to see that the two demon bats were nowhere to be seen. He thought perhaps Ashley had something to do with that…
Miles collapsed to his knees on the floor in front of Catherine and started to weep, crushed to his core again that she should be emotionally entombed in such a condition. He held her beautiful face in his hands, pleading with her to just snap out of it, to come back to him.
But Catherine just kept staring, her eyes glazed with nothingness.
Miles had never felt so completely helpless.
“Why can’t we help her Ashley?” pleaded Miles as tears fell freely from his eyes.
“We are,” replied Ashley decidedly, her countenance softening with compassion as she looked at her weeping father.
“Don’t cry daddy,” pleaded Ashley. “You are helping her. We both are. I was brought here to be with mother because of what you have done so far. But there is still more to do before mother can be restored to us completely. You must continue to intercede for her – for us.”
“Tell me what to do,” asked Miles beseechingly, raising his eyes to his daughter.
Ashley rose gracefully from her sitting position and pulled back the curtains on the large picture window behind Catherine. Miles touched his beloved wife’s cheek gently and got up to stand next to his daughter. He put his arm around Ashley as they looked out the open window at the idyllic country setting that spread out before them. Miles immediately saw there were new additions to the beautiful scenery. A rather large lake of perfect glittering blue had somehow materialized, and perched at the edge of the lake, right outside their window, sat his clinic.
Adorning the roof of his clinic was the magnificent Angel sculpture that Miles had originally seen in one of his first “visions” with Ashley. Miles saw that the Angel’s “cycle” had just been triggered, and he watched mesmerized as the same silver bowling ball he had seen before wound its way through the sculpture, setting off various vignettes that played out fancifully as the ball traveled along its predestined path.
Despite his sorrow for Catherine, Miles couldn’t help but smile a little as he watched the silver ball trigger the flight of the moon and stars over the Angel’s head, start a large Newton’s pendulum that began to swing and applaud with a “clacking” sound, and help a mother to cradle her baby lovingly in her arms. Miles also clearly heard bells jingling joyfully as the silver bowling ball rolled slowly throughout the piece.
As the large silver ball reached the end of its path, it released a door that held hundreds of smaller, marble-sized silver balls in place within the “womb” of the magnificent Angel. Miles watched mesmerized as the shiny marbles raced down the same helix-shaped tubes that he had seen before as seemingly thousands of chimes sang out cheerfully in announcing the coming of the spheres into the world.
“Incredible, absolutely fantastic,” breathed Miles as he stared awestruck at the majesty and beauty of the artwork.
Miles looked down lovingly at Catherine as she sat on the floor in her shawl, still completely absorbed with her little patch of hardwood floor. He wished fervently that she could just wake up to the wider world around her and stand next to him to share the experience with him.
“Someday soon I pray,” thought Miles with hope.
Miles turned back to the sculpture outside just as the little silver marbles were reaching their appointed destinations. As they funneled into place, the Angel’s colossal wings began to spread out fully, the words “We  You” dropping into place between them as a mass of fireworks blasted into the sky.
“Yay!” cheered Ashley happily as she smiled and clapped her delicate little hands joyfully in genuine appreciation of the show.
Miles smiled at his daughter’s joy and hugged her tightly to him.
“Look Daddy!” squealed Ashley excitedly as a sculpture of a magnificent ship appeared to sail out of nowhere, suddenly appearing on the sparkling lake next to the clinic.
“A sculpture that actually floats and sails?” thought Miles. “Fantastic!”
“Now that is art that moves!” said Miles excitedly as he immediately fell in love with the piece.
It looked to Miles like the type of ship which pirates might have found attractive. He also thought Christopher Columbus had perhaps sailed that particular type of vessel during his voyages with the Nina, Pinta and Santa Maria. Miles dug into his scant knowledge of nautical history in order to dredge the proper term from his memory.
“A caravel,” thought Miles, remembering the specific name for the type of ship that was currently tacking on the glittering lake down below him. The ship was simply amazing, with incredible rigging running everywhere and three giant white sails that billowed gracefully and powerfully in the breeze that was sweeping across the lake.
Miles saw that the words “We” “” “U” were emblazoned upon the three main sails in huge crimson text such that each sail had a single word on it.
“We” ... “Love” ... “You … ” said Miles aloud as he read the three sails in order.
“We do you know, Daddy,” said Ashley softly as she smiled up at her father, taking his hand in her own.
Miles also saw that the figurehead directly underneath the bowsprit on the ship was an amazing statue of a woman dressed in flowing garments of various shades of blue. In her outstretched arms was an infant swaddled gently in a white blanket.
“Like she is reaching out, offering the child to the world as she journeys forth,” thought Miles. 
“Truly incredible.”
A misty fog suddenly began to descend upon the lake, and a gigantic image of some kind began to shimmer forth from the grey. The image seemed to take up almost half the lake as it descended from above, fading in and out, wavering a bit as though trying to establish itself in this particular world.
“A bridge?” thought Miles as the image started to solidify. “A colossal, elegant orange bridge?”
Miles knew only one bridge in the world like that.
“The Golden Gate in San Francisco,” thought Miles.
It was all so clear now. Miles knew exactly what was left for him to do in his art show for God as he looked at the Angel sculpture atop his clinic and the caravel-style ship as it sailed gracefully below a shimmering version of the Golden Gate Bridge. He knew what he was supposed to create, and he knew where he was supposed to place his creations. He had just a little more work left in order to clothe his wife completely in love and forgiveness, that she might be saved.
“I can do that,” said Miles with conviction.
“Yes you can, Daddy,” replied Ashley with confident assurance as she squeezed her father’s hand.
“Thank you God for the guidance,” thought Miles.
Miles’ feet hit the ground running as he suddenly found himself on the grass outside the little green-and-yellow cottage. He was breathing hard and running fast, the little bunches of ubiquitous flowers blurring into swaths of color as he flew past them on legs with wings. Miles sprinted past his clinic with the Angel on top towards the lake of glittering blue, directly towards the amazing sailing ship that continued to move gracefully upon its waters.
“Why am I out here running towards the water all of a sudden?” thought Miles, completely perplexed by the strange turn of events. Hadn’t he just been in the quaint little green-and-yellow cottage in the company of Ashley and Catherine? Now he was outside, running like an Olympic track star towards a lake with a fanciful sailing ship cruising along its surface.
Miles tried to stop, but was completely unable. It felt as though his legs had a mind and mission of their own. No matter how hard he tried to stop them, his legs kept churning harder and harder, carrying him ever closer to the blue water of the lake. Miles felt like he was going so fast that once he reached the water he was likely going to just bounce across the surface – like a human “skipping stone” that had been thrown by a giant child on the shore.
Just as Miles was about to reach the glittering-blue water at the edge of the lake, he felt three very hard “thumps” in his back, as though he had been hit repeatedly by a sledgehammer or a baseball bat.
“Whuf!” said Miles in pain and shocked surprise as all the breath literally flew from his body.
It felt to Miles as though his lungs had just vomited.
And then he fell – hard.
Miles barely had time to consider what had happened before he hit the ground heavily, just a few feet short of the water. He found himself completely without breath, unable to move, involuntarily staring at the small, azure-blue waves that swept across the water before him. The lake shore against his cheek was warm and sandy, perfect really had his feet been pressed into the sand instead of his face. Miles watched the crystal blue water lap at the shoreline just a few feet in front of him. He suddenly found himself very thirsty.
Miles raised his eyes a bit to look out over the water and noticed that the caravel-style sailing ship was now flying a violet banner from its crow’s nest. The violet banner had crimson lettering on it as it streamed out behind the ship, flapping in the wind like it was applauding the day.
“Living Water,” said Miles as he watched the rippling banner, the last remnants of his breath joining the breeze.




Chapter 39

“Woof!” heard Miles from somewhere above as he opened his eyes slowly, his mind reeling a bit with a healthy dose of dislocation as he tried to focus and find his bearings. The lake of glittering blue was gone, there were no colorful little cottages in an idyllic country setting. Catherine and Ashely were once more gone as well.
“This whole thing with moving between alternate realities and dimensions is certainly a challenge for the mind,” thought Miles.
He was back in his workshop in Oregon, the mostly finished Angel sculpture standing gloriously on the workshop floor before him. Immanuel sat next to him, accompanying him and standing guard as was his usual manner.
As earthly reality started to rebuild itself around him, Miles realized that sometime during another of his all-night artwork marathons, he had once again fallen asleep in his “workshop bedroom.” His bedroom of necessity was really only an air mattress tossed in amidst a haphazard collection of unzipped sleeping bags and aged, but-still-comfortable blankets. But Miles still found it easily comfortable enough for occasional periods of much-needed rest. He was in a terrible hurry, and he needed to work very long hours for extended periods of time, but he was still human. There were simply times when wielding a welding torch while on the brink of exhaustion was not a good idea, times when he had to get a few hours of sleep or risk the overall success of their mission.
 “Another Godpost? A sign?” thought Miles as he tried to recall all he could about his most recent vision, raising himself up on an elbow amidst the pile of unzipped sleeping bags and blankets to ruffle the fur on the head of the DoBernard.
As Miles recalled his vision, a feeling of utter certainty seemed to completely fill him. He knew without a doubt exactly what was left to be done in order for his art show for God to be complete. He could feel the absolute surety regarding his mission that he had experienced in his “dream” translating directly into the worldly body in which he now found himself.
“The Angel and The Ship,” thought Miles with a DoBernard-inspired lopsided grin.
“Woof! Warf!” barked Immanuel softly, smiling his doggy smile as Miles continued to stroke the surprisingly coarse hair on the canine’s chest.
It was a huge project to be sure, but Miles had never shied away from hard work, or a challenge. He had always suspected that his mother had instilled a serious Protestant work ethic in him while he was still in the womb. It still seemed perfectly natural to Miles that he had been delivering papers, mowing lawns, and running errands for neighbors by the time he was eight years old. It didn’t hurt as well that he had been given a unique opportunity to create some of the most imaginative, magnificent artwork he had ever seen. Miles had always found that doing something you loved somehow seemed to make any amount of work bearable.
Despite the trying work that lay ahead, Miles found himself thanking God profusely for answering his prayers, for showing him the proverbial light at the end of the tunnel. He felt incredibly relieved that he wasn’t going to have to guess at the details of his mission anymore. He now knew the exact steps he would need to take in order to help his beloved wife and ensure whatever form of salvation still remained for her – and for himself. Miles still wasn’t sure exactly in what form Catherine’s assistance would arrive, but he now trusted God implicitly to hold up his end of the bargain and deliver said assistance. God had promised him. He took him at his word.
Miles smiled a little incredulously to himself as he suddenly realized what his current line of thought was suggesting.
“I have faith,” thought Miles with wonder, completely amazed that such a thing could happen to him.
Miles suddenly saw clearly how much his journey since the passing of his mother, of his wife and daughter, had changed him, how much it had taught him, how the sequence of events now seemed to fit together perfectly – as though the entire course of things had been planned from the beginning.
Miles thought he was perhaps beginning to understand that the mind and plans of God could never make sense to him completely because he simply was not God. What might appear as illogical and nonsensical to him might make perfect sense to God when viewed within the context of his master plan. The best he could hope to do was hope to persevere – with patience, always with patience. God’s time line was seldom the same as man’s.
It really was as though scales that had previously clouded not only his vision, but his wisdom, had been lifted from his eyes. It was like he now had super-hero eyes, or perhaps x-ray vision that allowed him to finally see the true nature of the universe. Yet he would never be able to understand or comprehend it all. He simply wasn’t God enough to do so. It seemed to Miles that God could send his spirit to help him understand what was meant for his life on a “micro” scale, but even God’s Holy Spirit could not explain the entire plan to him. As a human, he simply was not physically or spiritually capable of understanding the meaning of it all. He didn’t have the necessary capacity. Miles thought that if he listened well, God’s Holy Spirit could help provide him with the meaning of his life, but it could never provide the meaning of life. As a human being in physical form on planet earth, he simply was not capable of understanding the literal translation of God’s “everything.”
He could, however, see how things that appeared to be painful and destructive on a “micro” scale, might very well serve some greater good on a “macro” scale that only God was capable of seeing and truly comprehending. This notion, this understanding, helped him greatly in coping with the loss of Catherine, Ashely, and his mother.
Miles thought that somewhere in the understanding of these concepts was the genesis of real faith, because if these concepts held true, then at some point one had to utterly abandon the fruitless quest to know it all and instead let go, trust, and just be.
“Faith,” said Miles aloud, feeling the presence and power of the word resonate within him.
“Woof! warf!” barked Immanuel enthusiastically in greeting as Bruce Badeau entered the workshop from the side door.
“I heard there might be someone in here talking to that wacky Jesus guy again,” intoned Bruce with a wink and a smile. “Better be careful or you’ll end up talking crazy, shouting from the rooftops about loving God and your neighbors.”
“Just working out some details for my soul,” answered Miles, returning Bruce’s infectious smile with one of his own as he turned toward his companion to greet him.
“Wait until you hear about the dream I just had Bruce.”
Miles spent the next 10 minutes recounting his vision in exacting detail. Bruce, as was his way, just listened intently, nodding occasionally as he mulled over the details of Miles’ latest “dream.”
Miles made a mental note as he detailed his vision that he needed to get online with ThomasNet in order to try and locate a manufacturer who could fashion them a suitable fiberglass hull for a caravel-style sailing vessel. He thought that if he could perhaps start with a hull that was prefabricated to float stably, then adding the stylistic elements to fully complete the sculpture should be a manageable task. Even with the hull as a starting point, however, Miles shuddered mentally at the thought of having to actually build a sailing vessel from scratch. He wasn’t sure he and Bruce by themselves were up to that particular task. He hoped God would provide some form of additional assistance when the time came. Miles thought they were perhaps going to have to hire a consultant of some kind who had experience as a shipbuilder to work with them at some point. But he would wait, with patience, and let God decide the time.
Bruce lifted his eyes as Miles finished recounting the details of his vision, looking over thoughtfully at the magnificent Angel they were currently constructing.
“We’re going to finish this Angel and then build a working sculpture of a ship?” asked Bruce.
“Uh, huh,” answered Miles with a somewhat sheepish expression on his face and an “I know it sounds crazy but God told me to do it” kind of shrug.
“Groovy,” replied Bruce, grinning at Miles easily through the whiskers of his long, thick beard.
Miles had expected Bruce to be receptive to the idea, that was just Bruce’s way, but he still couldn’t help but feel a little excited and somewhat relieved that his friend was going to be with him to the end.
“We’re going to build a caravel-style vessel, familiar with that type of ship Bruce?” asked Miles.
“Arrr!” replied Bruce with gusto as he covered one of his eyes with his hand in order to create a mock patch.
“A pirate ship!” exclaimed Bruce.
“Arrr! Indeed,” replied Miles, enjoying the pirate interaction with his friend.
“Woof! Warf!” barked the DoBernard, wagging his tail as he joined in on the swashbuckler repartee.
“Seriously though Bruce, all kidding aside,” continued Miles.
“Based upon your knowledge of engineering and building things in general, do you think we can construct a working sculpture of a ship if we start with a prefabricated hull?” asked Miles, still a bit daunted by the seeming enormity of the task.
Bruce rubbed the beard on his chin and looked thoughtfully at their Angel once more.
“If that is what God wants to happen, then my answer is an unequivocal yes,” replied Bruce. “Plus, we haven’t done too badly with the Roller Coaster and the Angel thus far. We’ll find a way to make it work my friend.”
“Thank you Bruce,” said Miles, truly appreciative of his friend’s understanding, insight, wisdom, and support.
“Yes, I have called him. I will bring him, and he will succeed in his mission,” quoted Bruce from Isaiah in the Bible.
As though they were pirate versions of synchronized swimmers, both men simultaneously covered one eye with a hand and let out a lusty “Arrr!” to celebrate their mission.
“Before I forget why I gave up on supper and came out here,” said Bruce as he walked over and flipped on the small portable TV they kept in the workshop to keep up with the news. “There’s something coming on that I thought you would like to see.”  
Miles saw that a news special dealing with the phenomenon now known as the “Lincoln Lights” was coming on CNN.
“This should be good,” said Miles. “Now all we need is popcorn.”
Bruce just grinned mischievously and produced three containers of popcorn from the canvas bag he had brought into the workshop with him.
“I should have known,” said Miles laughing as he accepted a serving of warm, buttered joy from his friend and partner.
The DoBernard quickly sat down on his haunches, knowing that Bruce would spoil him as usual and would lay the third bag of popcorn out for him. Bruce did, and was rewarded with a very thankful wag and a characteristically enthusiastic “Warf!”
 Miles and Bruce watched in silent fascination for the next 20 minutes, munching away on their popcorn, as the news piece went through the events that had taken place in Lincoln. Miles hadn’t seen very much coverage of the “heartlights” they had utilized as a diversion. He was happy to see this particular special had some great footage taken by Steve Rogers and his team of the lights and the authorities’ efforts to fend them off.
“Batman really would have been proud of us,” said Miles.
Bruce nodded his agreement, adding a few more popcorn crumbs to his beard as he did so.
Miles had to admit that the piece was actually pretty fair and unbiased – until they got around to interviewing the “experts.”
“It’s ‘Informational Terrorism’, pure and simple,” said a Harvard University professor who was being touted as an expert on homeland security and domestic terrorism. “Anytime you have someone forcibly altering the behavior of others through the use of fear – whether by message or action – that’s terrorism. And the behavior of normal everyday people, from daily commuters to women seeking health-care services, was certainly altered because of this event.”
“‘Informational Terrorism.’ That’s a new one,” considered Miles. He thought it sounded like a dangerous term to start applying to people with unpopular opinions.
A low growl erupted from Immanuel as another man began to be interviewed. It was the individual apparently in charge of the entire investigation, and the reporter on the piece was asking him where things stood with the investigation as a whole.
“Allan Elliott, Assistant Director of Strategic Operations for Homeland Security,” read Miles. He had to agree with Immanuel, Allan didn’t look like the type of individual with whom one would want to socialize.
“We are going to get them,” stated Allan flatly. “It’s just a matter of time. We know that the American people simply are not willing to tolerate and will not stand for this type of dangerous, obtrusive behavior in our Democratic society, and they are counting on us to do something about it.”
Upon finishing his clearly well-practiced statement, Allan made the mistake of trying to smile. It was clearly something at which he was less than proficient. The ugliness of the rancid scorn that split his face was enough to make even the very-professional reporter interviewing him recoil a little. Miles thought Adolf Hitler likely had a better smile.
“We have a number of leads that we are following at this time, and the perpetrators of this heinous, hateful act will swiftly be brought to justice,” continued Assistant Director Elliott.
Miles hoped fervently that he would never have the pleasure of meeting Mr. Allan Elliott from the Department of Homeland Security in person.
The story took a turn for the better as Herr Elliott disappeared, the young reporter  pursuing a more “human” angle as she described an enterprising young man who had begun selling “We  You” t-shirts on eBay before the “Lincoln Lights” event had even officially concluded. Balloons from the outdoor art show were also apparently available to the highest bidder and were going for far more than the original asking price of an outstretched hand.
“Enterprising young capitalists, you have to love ‘em,” said Bruce with a smile.
The story concluded with a quick overview of an art collector from New York City who had fallen in love with the piece to such an extent that he had purchased it on the spot.
“Imagine that,” said Miles as he realized that he and Bruce’s artwork was likely going to be on display at some point as part of a “real” art show.
“Looks like we’re famous,” replied Bruce. “Maybe we should buy a few of those ‘We  You’ t-shirts on eBay before they’re all gone.”
“Woof!” agreed Immanuel.
“Back to it then?” asked Miles as he leaned on the driftwood handle of his cane and assessed the state of their current project. Miles knew there was a lot of work still left to do, but instead of feeling overwhelmed, he actually felt invigorated. It was a wonderful feeling, one that he felt like he needed.
An image of Catherine sitting on her little patch of hardwood floor suddenly swam unbidden into Miles’ mind. He pushed it aside forcibly with his spirit. This was not a day for defeat. He would not capitulate to sorrow or despondency.
“God grant us the ability to see your love and the light of Christ in everything, give us hope,” prayed Miles aloud as he bowed his head.
“Amen,” said Bruce next to him as he handed over the last of his popcorn to the very-grateful DoBernard.
“And thank God for those loony, rebellious Protestants and their truly revolutionary ideas about the value of labor,” said Miles aloud with a smile, thanking God again that both he and Bruce were the type of men who could feed off hard work and be nourished by diligent labor.
“Amen times two,” laughed Bruce as he walked over and turned off their little portable TV in favor of the CD player they kept in their workshop. It wasn’t long before Bruce and Immanuel were once again grooving to the mellow strains of Jefferson Airplane as the work on the Angel re-commenced in earnest.
“At least we won’t need a diversion this time,” thought Miles as he carefully examined the dual master springs they had installed on the Angel sculpture.
As the actual owner of the clinic where they intended to display their sculpture, he knew he could technically be “caught” setting things up on top of the building and it wouldn’t matter – other than the fact he might be violating all kinds of city ordinances and zoning codes. He doubted, however, that those types of violations would lead to an immediate arrest.
“More likely a citation or summons of some kind,” thought Miles.
Miles knew, however, that they still needed to be careful. It would certainly be better if they could just avoid any and all run ins with the authorities. Miles thought it was at least within the realm of possibility that an enterprising individual who encountered them on the roof of his clinic late at night might be able to connect the dots between a sculpture being set up in Phoenix atop a clinic and the same thing having happened not so long ago on top of a clinic in Lincoln, Nebraska. Miles was pretty sure he never wanted to be in the presence of the authorities when and if those particular dots were ever connected, especially if Assistant Director Allan Elliott and his rancid scar of a smile were somehow involved.
“I’ll skip that experience,” thought Miles, a small tingle of pure fear chasing its way up his spine as he checked the tensioning mechanism on one of the giant coiled springs.
Miles looked over at Bruce and saw that he was working on some of the feeder and trigger mechanisms that they had installed which would give the sculpture the ability to perform “replays.” Like the roller-coaster sculpture, they wanted the Angel to be able to perform more than once, so they had designed her such that she would “reload” herself every 10 minutes or so once each of her “cycles” was complete. The sculpture really was an amazing piece of work.
“True ‘art-gineering’,” said Miles with a sense of satisfaction.
“Bruce my friend, you do incredible work.”
“Glad you finally noticed,” replied Bruce as he bowed royally and waved his hand to an imaginary crowd.
Miles could see they weren’t too far away from finishing their Angel, probably no more than another two weeks or so.
“We’re almost ready,” thought Miles as he thought about Steve Rogers and the role he still had to play. They would need Steve to once again bring the event and its message to the masses, which was the whole point after all. Steve was an important piece of the overall puzzle.
“Shall we call Steve tomorrow and give him the good news about another art exhibition coming to town?” asked Miles with a grin.
“Woof! Warf!” replied the DoBernard enthusiastically before Bruce had a chance to voice his opinion.
“Once again I am going to have to agree with the dog that is named after Jesus,” said Bruce smiling.
“Looks like the ‘Dynamic Duo’ are going to put on another road show,” said Miles with his best “bat grin” as he thought about returning to his beloved desert.
Miles just hoped Allan Elliott wouldn’t be there to crash the party.
Chapter 40

Steve Rogers noticed that his hands were starting to become stained with red. He was slicing fresh breakfast strawberries for Laura and he saw that the juices from the ripe, plump berries had begun to seep into the tips of his fingers.
“Reminds me of some other red stains that were produced for my benefit and hopefully still cling to me,” thought Steve in a moment of quiet spiritual clarity.
Steve realized he hadn’t yet had a serious discussion with Laura about God and religion. He thought they probably needed to get into those particular topics at some point. He hoped that Laura would be open to exploring with him. He was pretty sure based upon what he knew about her already that she would be.
Steve wasn’t much of a churchgoer, but he did consider himself a genuine believer in God, Christ and the Holy Spirit, which he liked to refer to as the “Paraclete.” He had found that particular term for God’s spirit in the Bible during some late-night reading and for Steve, the term felt spiritually magical, almost musical somehow. He had stuck with it ever since.
Steve also considered himself a follower of that “crazy,” rebellious Nazarene carpenter, Jesus Christ. Steve thought Jesus had simply gotten both the word and deed right. He didn’t think he could do much better than to try and understand as well as follow in the footsteps of a teacher whose message was one of pure love, a servant’s heart, and a life of sacrifice for others, a teacher whose words not only bespoke universal love, but whose actions consistently demonstrated the sincerity of those words.
“That is someone I can learn from and be comfortable following in every step I take,” thought Steve once more as he considered his relationship with Christ.
Communing with God in some way at least a little every day was important for Steve. He liked to find moments of potentially meaningful solitude to just reach out and feel God, giving thanks for all the blessings in his life. As he looked at his red-stained fingers, Steve realized he was in the midst of one of those moments.
“Thank you God for all the blessings you have bestowed upon myself and Laura,” said Steve softly as he stopped working, bowing his head and quieting his soul in order to reach out and really listen. “I ask that you bless our love, protect us with the power and majesty of your Angels, and that you bless us with the ability to help spread your Holy Grace to others in all that we say and do. I ask this in the name of your Son and my Savior, the power of the universe, Jesus Christ. Amen.”
Steve hoped Laura was similar to himself in her thinking and would enjoy quietly reflecting and giving thanks with him as opportunities arose to do so.
“Just one more adventure we get to enjoy and undertake together,” thought Steve with a very-contented smile. He couldn’t have been happier to be embarking upon a new life of love and adventure with the girl of his dreams, a girl who he was certain had been made especially for him.
Steve sliced up a few oranges as well, arranging them into a smiley face on Laura’s plate. He poured some coffee for himself and some Earl Gray tea for his new fiancé and made his way carefully back to the second bedroom in their new 3-bedroom loft. Steve’s bedroom was bigger, but Laura’s had its own bathroom, something she absolutely loved. The fact that it made her happy had been more than enough for Steve to offer it to her with his compliments.
Steve paused for a moment and smiled as he looked at Laura lounging comfortably in her new bed, a glinting shaft of sunlight beaming brightly through the partially open blinds of the French doors that led out to a small veranda outside her bedroom. Steve had another moment of quiet reflection as he saw that the beam of golden sunlight was touching Laura on her chest.
“Looks like an arrow of light from an intergalactic Cupid pointing the way to her heart,” thought Steve as a feeling of pure affection and love for Laura washed through his entire being.
Laura smiled delightfully as she put down the morning paper, stretching a bit like a cat as she rolled towards Steve, her new diamond engagement ring catching the morning sun and flaring with a dazzling rainbow of color.
“Something smells wonderful,” said Laura, stretching beautifully once more. “Thank you for making us breakfast Steve.”
“I serve, and obey,” said Steve with a bow, knowing he would be happy to put the entire world on a breakfast tray for Laura if he were able. He simply loved to give her things, do things for her, and make her happy in any way he could.
“The saying ‘It’s better to give than to receive’ really is true,” thought Steve. “Especially when the person to whom you are giving is someone you really love.”
Steve placed the breakfast tray gently on the bed and leaned over to kiss Laura lightly.
“Good morning beautiful,” said Steve with a smile.
“Hi,” said Laura a little coyly as she sat up in bed in her jammies to enjoy some strawberries and tea.
As he looked at Laura next to him, Steve quietly gave thanks again for his recent very-good fortune. He had a fantastic new job at the network, an incredible new apartment in uptown Manhattan, and he was engaged to the girl of his dreams. It was everything Steve had wanted. They were embarking on an exciting new adventure, and they were doing it together. Steve was overjoyed and felt incredibly blessed for all the blessings that seemed to be raining down upon him.
“Thank you God, said Steve aloud as he bowed his head a little.
“Amen,” said Laura as she smiled up at Steve while enjoying a deliciously sweet slice of orange.
Steve’s cell suddenly rang out from his pocket, making him jump a little at the unexpected volume of the sound. Steve saw the call was coming in from a number he didn’t recognize, something that normally would have led him to ignore it. But something was prompting Steve to take this particular call.
“This is Steve Rogers,” answered Steve a bit cautiously.
“Is it safe?”
Steve paused and sat down on the bed next to Laura.
“Batman,” said Steve softly as he looked at Laura and pointed to his phone.
Steve put his cellphone on speaker so Laura could listen in with him. He had sworn they would face everything in life together – no secrets, no trying to “protect” each other from the truth. Steve had promised Laura only the highest levels of integrity and honesty, and he meant to keep his promises to her.
“It’s safe,” replied Steve a bit warily, looking over at Laura with a slight shrug of his shoulders and questioning eyes. He wasn’t sure he understood the full meaning of the question “Is it safe?”
“I hope everything is well with the new job and life in the big city?” asked the voice on the other end of the line.
“We are doing very well, thank you,” replied Steve a bit carefully, not wanting to necessarily say too much.
“I can sense your tension and wariness, Steve. Believe me, I understand. If you would like us to avoid any further contact with you we would certainly understand. The mission we are on is ours, not yours. You are under no obligation to participate, and we understand that there is danger for you in you doing so. We want you to know that we don’t plan to hurt anyone in any way – ever. But we are still obviously very-wanted men who have likely violated numerous federal, state, and local statutes, likely including some of the more nebulous and nefarious clauses outlined in various legislative acts concerning terrorism.”
“I don’t think we’re ever going to be particularly popular with the authorities,” continued the voice.
“But the choice is yours Steve. If you want to know the specifics surrounding the next unveiling in our Art Show for God I will be happy to tell you. If not, please hang up now and we can part ways with best wishes for a happy and fulfilling life. You will need to make your decision now, however, as the next show is coming up very soon.”
“Art Show for God, that’s something you don’t hear everyday,” thought Steve.
He could feel his heart beginning to beat hard, picking up speed as the pull of the “Big Story” began to once again tug at the newsman inside of him. Steve glanced over at Laura to see what she thought they should do. She looked like she was inhaling a little faster and deeper as well, her body noticeably shifting the tray of strawberries and orange slices on her lap with each breath.
“Definitely a kindred spirit,” thought Steve as he looked at Laura with a knowing grin. Like Steve, she clearly had a thing for the “Big Story.”
Steve already knew what Laura’s answer was going to be. It was the same as his. There was simply no way they were going to be able to pass on covering Batman and Robin’s Art Show for God. They both knew that when it came to the news game and big stories, they were like a couple of addicts trying to say no to their next fix. They had already discussed the potential danger involved, to their careers and perhaps more than their careers if things got really out of hand. It didn’t change anything, however. If anything, the danger just seemed to draw them in all the more, like the “Big Story” had roped them in with a lasso made from peril.
They also both agreed with the message that Batman and Robin were promoting. “We Love You” was a slogan Stave and Laura felt good about endorsing. The world did need to be reminded periodically – in a peaceful, powerful way – that life and love were precious and needed to be honored.
Laura and Steve’s eyes locked in a knowing look of surrender, Laura just nodding her head.
“Go ahead, we’re listening,” said Steve while continuing to look into Laura’s eyes. He knew in giving their tacit approval to participate that they had likely just violated at least half a dozen laws and had embarked upon what could turn out to be a very dangerous journey.
“Batman” spent the next five minutes explaining the details of their plan. When he was done, he asked a single question to see if Steve and Laura were still on board with the effort or if, after hearing the details, they might wish to change their minds.
“Is it safe?”
Steve looked at Laura again who once more nodded her assent and agreement.
“We’re with you,” said Steve firmly.
“Just one more thing then,” said the voice on the phone with a far-less confident tone than usual.
Steve could feel his guard rising a bit at the slight change in the timbre of Batman’s voice.
“I need a favor,” said Batman softly, sounding slightly embarrassed by the request.
“Someone who is obviously not used to asking for favors,” thought Steve.
“Ask away, I would be happy to help if I can.”
Batman proceeded to tell the “Story of Wenona” to Steve and Laura as they periodically exchanged looks of interest, sorrow and empathy. Steve held and caressed Laura’s hand during the story as tears periodically formed in her beautiful eyes.
“What can we do to help?” asked Steve once Batman had completed the story of “Robin’s” long-lost love.
“I would like you to see if you can find Wenona and determine if she might be amenable to catching up with and perhaps being reunited with the man who still loves and treasures her more than anything else in the world,” said the voice on the phone.
“Oh!” exclaimed Laura beside Steve, obviously excited about the possibility of pursuing the highly romantic endeavor.
“I was hoping that your journalism training and connections in the media would make it possible for you to perhaps locate Wenona and get me some information about her current station in life,” continued Batman. “Specifically, I would like to find out where she is, if she is married, if she has children, if she is happy, etc. And I would like some contact information so that I could perhaps get in touch with her if it looks like she is at a place in her life where doing so will be a source of joy for her.”
Steve locked eyes with Laura again. Laura was clearly caught up on the romantic nature of the task. She was smiling like a school girl who had just passed a note to her best friend proclaiming her everlasting love for the cute boy sitting two rows in front of her. Laura once again nodded her head, this time with a look of eager enthusiasm.
“Every girl loves a love story,” thought Steve with a grin.
“We’re in again,” said Steve.
“You have our email address, please send any information you discover there. And thank you Steve,” finished Batman with obvious sincerity.
“We’ll see you in Phoenix.”
“God Bless.”
“We Love You.”
And then Batman was gone.
Steve took Laura’s hand, pulling his legs up underneath him so that he was sitting cross legged next to her on the bed.
“You ok with all of this?” asked Steve sincerely.
“I am, and I do,” replied Laura as she looked deeply into Steve’s eyes, lifting her hand to show him her beautiful engagement ring.
“Maybe this would be a good time to take a trip to Phoenix to scout out potential honeymoon destinations?” asked Steve with a smile. “We certainly can’t be held accountable if a big story just happens to unfold while we’re in town.”
“I also think it’s about time we rewarded Larry for his tremendous work on the ‘Lincoln Lights’ story. Perhaps a vacation to Phoenix would be a nice perk for our favorite cameraman in light of the truly fantastic work he consistently performs for us?”
“Larry’s all-expenses-paid excursion will, of course, coincide with our own,” continued Steve with a wink.
“What do you think, love? Sound like a plan?”
Laura just smiled her assent, adding her physical agreement as she wrapped her arms around the man she loved, feeling her toes curl a little with happy desire as she kissed him deeply.

Chapter 41

“Stop prattling on David and just tell me where we’re at with the operation,” growled Allan Elliott, his frustration mounting as he temporarily gave up trying to properly secure his red silk tie. He had been talking to his assistant on his cellphone for more than 10 minutes already and he felt like he was no better informed than when they had begun the conversation. David Marsten had been his most-trusted right-hand man for almost a decade now, but he still drove Allan crazy at times.
“One of these days it’s going to be time for a new assistant,” thought Allan with growing acrimony as he went back to dressing. 
He was being uncharacteristically meticulous with his grooming in preparation for the evening’s events. It was going to be a very special night at Club Owl, and he wanted to look surpassingly good, perhaps even marvelous.
“Sushi night,” thought Allan, smacking his lips with leering anticipation.
 “David, just answer this one simple question for me. You can answer a simple question can’t you?” sneered Allan into the phone.
“Do we know who they are?”
“Yes,” replied David in a decidedly cowed tone of voice.
Allan smirked with satisfaction at hearing that particular tone of voice coming from David. It was a sound he relished. He liked David knowing his place, and he enjoyed putting him there.
“The primary is Dr. Miles Trebuchet, a licensed physician and medical researcher from the Phoenix area,” said David succinctly.
“A doctor, really...” remarked Allan, somewhat surprised and intrigued that a physician would be involved in such a thing.
“Definitely not the ‘usual suspect’,” thought Allan with interest.
“The other individual is one ‘Bruce Badeau’,” continued David. “Mr. Badeau is an astrophysicist by education. He makes his living as a part-time college lecturer and as a contributor to various scientific and astronomical journals.”
“Fascinating,” thought Allan with satisfaction as he considered the myriad of beneficial possibilities for utilizing the information that was being presented him.
“There might be a third individual, however. Someone we haven’t yet been able to concretely identify. Someone called ‘Immanuel’,” said David, a slight tone of bewilderment entering his voice. “We think the name might just refer to this giant, crazy-looking dog that they have hanging out with them, but we’re not definitively certain at this point in that assumption.”
“I see,” replied Allan cautiously, disliking immensely the feeling of trepidation that suddenly seemed to be coming over him. He didn’t ever like the feeling that he was short on information or that pieces of the puzzle might be missing somehow. Allan Elliott wasn’t a big fan of surprises.
“Stay on it and get me a concrete answer as to who this ‘Immanuel’ is,” spat Allan. He thought the name sounded familiar, but he wasn’t quite sure why. He knew David would run it down, however. He always did.
“And their target and time frame for initiating their next ‘event’?” asked Allan as he refocused his attention on the more important details of the conversation.
“They are going to set up their latest sculpture on top of Dr. Trebuchet’s clinic in Phoenix in about two weeks,” replied David seriously. “They plan to make quite a show of it again, just like they did in Lincoln. We know they plan to set off fireworks and balloons once again for certain. We are unsure at this time if they plan to add any additional elements over and above what we observed with their first exhibition.”
“We’ll likely be adding a few unexpected elements ourselves. I think those fireworks are definitely going to turn out to be a fire hazard this time around,” mused Allan to himself as a gleeful leer once again contorted his rather paunchy face into a mask of obscenity.
“One more thing,” continued David. “They refer to their work as an ‘Art Show for God’.”
“Really?!” exclaimed Allan with surprise.
“An ‘Art Show for God’,” said Allan as he repeated the phrase, rolling the words around on his tongue, tasting the nuances of the phrase emotionally and physically as he considered its meaning and potential implications.
“I love it!” exclaimed Allan excitedly as he suddenly saw with crystal clarity the potential power in the moniker “Art Show for God.” 
“The media will absolutely devour the religious zealots angle. We’re going to have to use that term somehow David.”
“Thought you might like that one Assistant Director,” replied David in a tone of voice that made Allan grin horribly as it reminded him of a puppy taking satisfaction in performing well for its master.
“Overall then, David, would you say we have sufficient intel and everything is moving along without issue?” asked Allan, focusing again on moving the conversation and the operation forward.
“Yes Assistant Director Elliott,” replied David. “All personnel and equipment is online and in place. Everything looks good. I don’t foresee any issues or difficulties with the operation.”
“Perfect, absolutely perfect,” thought Allan, feeling a sense of exquisite satisfaction come over him as he savored how well his plan was proceeding.
He could feel in his bones that the operation was going to go smoothly for him and it wouldn’t be long before he would be able to bring it to a successful conclusion. He shivered with pleasure at the thought that in the end he would be wrapped in the celebratory embrace of very-public success and glory. Allan allowed himself to indulge for a moment in a mental fantasy in which accolades and praise were being heaped upon him by the media, his peers, and the movers and shakers of the bureaucratic machine that really ran Washington and the world.
“Maybe better than a Director-level position,” thought Allan with a greedy leer as he allowed himself to consider the possibility for a moment that he might even be able to finagle an Undersecretary-level appointment out of this whole affair, or perhaps even a Secretary-level appointment at a brand new agency.
“The Land of Everything,” thought Allan as he licked his lips slightly, a gleeful leer once again contorting his face into a “smile” as he shivered once more with delight.
“Now I just need to make sure this story gets the media attention it deserves,” thought Allan, fully aware that it wasn’t going to be overly difficult as the media were already in a moderately frenzied state after the first “Art Show for God” that had taken place in Lincoln, Nebraska. Specials about the “Lincoln Lights” on the major news networks had been at least a bi-weekly occurrence since the event had occurred.
“Nothing like a Pro Life cause that might actually have a chance of succeeding in getting fewer women to dispose of their babies to get the pro-aborts and their willing accomplices in the media worked up to a fever pitch. Just wait until a fire breaks out at one of these ‘Art Shows’ and someone gets killed. The howls for the hangman to take immediate action are going to be epic,” thought Allan as another rancid “smile” split his face. The thought was so delicious he actually felt like giggling.
Allan knew his mission was serious, and he probably shouldn’t be enjoying himself as much as he was, but he was finding it difficult to contain himself. Manipulating the media and planning the demise of two enemies of the state was just plain fun. Still, Allan knew he needed to focus his thoughts and efforts for his plans to work out as intended. There were many details to consider if the operation was going to be successful. There wasn’t room for even the slightest mistake. “The Land of Everything” was finally within reach. He needed to remain diligent and focused in order to make sure he received a first-class ticket.
“Two weeks isn’t a lot of time, will the Strike Team be completely ready by then? Is there enough time to get things properly set up in Phoenix?” asked Allan as he forced himself to regain his focus, wresting his mind back from the edge of a delightfully plush fantasy, one filled with enough pleasurable thoughts about the “Land of Everything” to pull him in and consume him.
Allan knew he needed to concentrate on the matter at hand. He needed to make absolutely sure that proper preparation were being made for the portion of the operation that was to take place on-site in Phoenix. Allan’s experience told him that planning and coordinating “accidents” was often a less-than-quick or easy exercise – at least if you wanted things to look sufficiently genuine such that easy answers were in abundance, while hard questions were in short supply. Allan was a little worried that two weeks simply wouldn’t be enough time to get the Strike Team properly positioned with a concrete, well-vetted plan of action in place.
“I have spoken to the leader of the Strike Team personally and he assures me that they will be ready,” replied David confidently.
Allan felt relieved by David’s surety, but he also wasn’t about to take any chances. Allan Elliott was not someone who liked to gamble. He liked sure things. His entire future, after all, was riding on the success of the operation. He had to be absolutely certain that everything was going to go smoothly, that the operation would conclude with only one outcome – complete success.
Allan knew the Strike Team was key to the success of his plan. If he was going to finally move into a mansion in a good neighborhood somewhere near the “Land of Everything” then he needed a big case, a gigantic case, the kind of case that would make people watch “20/20” and “60 Minutes” instead of “CSI: Miami” and “Desperate Housewives.” He needed a story with gravitas. And to achieve that, someone was simply going to have to die. The Strike Team he had hired was going to make that happen. They would fan the flames of controversy, sending the media into an uproar by ensuring that the next exhibition in Dr. Trebuchet’s “Art Show for God” was not as innocuous and steeped in innocence as the first. This one would be appropriately reprehensible.
“Oh, yes, there are most assuredly going to be casualties this time,” leered Allan evilly as he pictured a building with a magnificent sculpture on its roof completely engulfed in flames. He could almost hear the beseeching screams of those trapped in the basement as they begged for their lives, their pleas for deliverance sailing across the airwaves as they burned to death horribly.
“Did we encounter any difficulties or were we exposed or compromised in any way during our surveillance operations?” asked Allan, marshaling his thoughts again in order to resume his conversation with David.
“No issues there at all, Assistant Director. The Strike Team was adamant about that,” replied David. “The Team is certain that the individuals we are dealing with are rank amateurs who have no idea that they were, and are, under constant 24-hour surveillance.”
“And what are their plans after the event?” asked Allan. “Have we discovered what they intend to do and where they intend to go after their Phoenix operation is complete?”
Allan knew that this information was critical for the operation as well. He planned to perform a very public raid soon after the coming tragedy in Phoenix in order close things out quickly and lock in his success while the story was still peaking.
An image of himself doing an interview with Susan Sampson on “Good Morning America” suddenly popped deliciously into Allan’s mind. He almost drooled a small droplet of saliva onto his Gucci tie as he thought about sitting near the femininely positioned legs of the incredibly beautiful Susan Sampson.
“It’s unclear at this point what they intend to do,” replied David matter of factly. “We have picked up some chatter about a pirate ship or some such nonsense, but nothing that we would feel comfortable forwarding as reliable intel.”
“As to where they are going, our best intelligence at this point strongly suggests they plan to hole up again at their seaside cottage in Oregon once their Phoenix show is complete.”
“Perfect,” thought Allan, delighting in a vision of raiding the quaint little cottage in Oregon. Allan knew exactly how it would go down. He would capture both men and bind their arms securely behind their backs. He would then put them on their knees in front of him and press his Glock 9-millimeter pistol into the skin of their foreheads with sufficient force for the barrel to leave a deliciously angry-purple, circular indentation.
“A nice round target for where the bullet will eventually go,” thought Allan as a wave of pleasure swept through him, making him once again shiver with delight.
“I want everything set up in Phoenix in the next 10 days, David, and I want daily updates,” shot Allan as he resumed fiddling with his expensive silk tie.
“Of course Assistant Director,” replied David in his usual cowed tone of voice.
“And let the Strike Team Commander know that their services will still be required after the operation in Phoenix is complete. We want to make sure we close this one out nice and clean, with no loose ends. There will be no survivors of the raid in Oregon,” continued Allan with a growl.
“I understand,” said David softly in the same reticently subservient voice.
“That’s a good boy David,” said Allan, grinning with satisfaction once more upon hearing David’s submissive tone.
Allan hung up the phone without saying another word.
“Time to get going,” thought Allan as he started to whistle a merry tune, resuming his dressing regimen and putting the finishing touches on the knot to his tie. He could feel the anticipation building within him. It was “Night of the Rising Sun,” also known as “Sushi Night” at the hyper-exclusive Club Owl, and Allan was looking forward to all of the Asian delights that would be on the menu.
“Oh, you are a handsome devil,” cooed Allan as he turned to admire his countenance in his full-length mirror, smiling his most winsome leer as he struck a pose.
“Time for a little Nigiri,” chimed Allan happily as he strode from his luxuriously appointed suite, hitting the light switch as he exited, his presence adding another small pool of darkness to the night that was already gathering outside.

Chapter 42

Dr. Miles Trebuchet leaned on the custom driftwood handle of his maple walking cane as he stood next to Immanuel on the roof of his clinic in Phoenix, Arizona. He was glad that Immanuel was able to be with them up on top of the building this time, instead of down on the ground having to act as a guard. They weren’t in need of a lookout for this particular mission. Miles owned the property, thus they weren’t technically capable of trespassing.
“We’re lucky to have you as a helper for our labors,” said Miles earnestly as he reached out and touched Immanuel gently, thanking him for being their friend, for having assisted Bruce and Miles in the carrying of their load.
“Woof,” came the familiar and very welcome reply.
Given how they had been introduced, Miles wouldn’t have thought he would ever have considered Immanuel as a candidate for friendship. But the more time Miles spent with Immanuel, the more he found himself enjoying his company.  
Miles once more placed their custom-made harness around the neck and shoulders of Immanuel, filling the small attached “sled” with sculpture fittings he had pre-assembled for Bruce. Miles and Bruce had learned a lot about maximizing productivity as a result of their last middle-of-the-night construction gig. Miles now focused on putting together fittings and modular components, while Bruce was responsible for final assembly. The DoBernard had been pressed into service to act as their four-legged freight train, carrying pre-assembled pieces from Miles on one side of the roof to Bruce on the other. The system was not only more productive in terms of time and effort, it was potentially less harmful to Miles’ still-somewhat fragile health.
It was still hard work though, and Miles found himself breathing hard and sweating from effort. But at least he wasn’t bleeding. His wounds, although still a patchwork of frightful scars upon his body, had healed sufficiently such that he was no longer in danger of suddenly bleeding profusely as a result of exerting himself.
Miles realized as he inhaled deeply how much he had missed the dry, crisp nature of the desert’s early morning air. He loved the ocean and the tang of salt that infused everything at their seaside cottage in Oregon, but there was nothing like having his sinuses and bronchial tubes completely cleansed of all lingering moisture by an arid desert breeze. It was like running an invisible cleaning towel throughout all of his various air passages, leaving Miles feeling like he could truly breathe. The desert air was simply fantastic. It felt like being home.
Miles shivered a little as a slight breeze came up, chilling the small beads of sweat clinging to the inside of his now-familiar black “batsuit.” A jumpsuit of black with a pink heart on the chest had now become he and Bruce’s “standard issue” uniform for their early morning art exhibitions. The suits were not only extremely functional, they were great for blending in with the night. Miles realized, however, that the cool breeze he was experiencing was likely one of the last breaths belonging to the desert night. Soon the sun would be out in earnest, making romping around in black jumpsuits on the roof of a four-story building a less-than-ideal endeavor.
Miles raised his hands over his head, trying to stretch the exhaustion out of his tired muscles. His body was already giving off definitive indications that he was overdoing it in terms of exertion; tomorrow would likely not be a comfortable day for him. He thought he should perhaps try to get into better shape if he were going to continue with these particular types of nighttime activities.
“I need to come up with a training regimen that is appropriate for erecting giant sculptures on the roofs of buildings in the dead of night. The ‘Guerrilla Art Show Workout’,” thought Miles with a grin.
Miles looked down and noticed the DoBernard was suddenly closer to him than usual. The giant dog was sniffing noticeably and seemed to be scanning the area with a wary eye. Miles found his canine friend’s behavior slightly unnerving.
“I wonder if he senses something,” thought Miles as he conducted a quick visual scan of the area.
He knew Assistant Deputy Director of Homeland Security Allan Elliott was out there somewhere. He prayed that he wouldn’t have to be personally introduced to him anytime soon. Miles didn’t know the Deputy Director at all, yet he somehow had a sense of the man as someone who reveled in being manipulative and diabolical, someone who enjoyed being on the wrong side of karma, someone whose very soul was infected with evil.
Miles found Allan Elliott truly frightening. He didn’t enjoy the thought one bit that he was looking for Bruce and Miles.
But everything looked quiet. There seemed to be nothing out of the ordinary, except of course for two men dressed in black batsuits erecting a giant Angel with “We Love You” wings on the roof of a building in the wee hours of the morning. That was a tad bit odd in and of itself, and Miles smiled a little at the almost surreal outrageousness of the situation.
Miles chalked up the DoBernard’s wariness to the general state of nervousness that he and Bruce must be exuding, giving the dog a pat and rub on the head to let him know he appreciated his diligence.
Miles stepped back to the edge of the roof in order to better examine the enormous metal Angel they were constructing.
“She is going to be magnificent when she spreads her wings in the morning sunlight,” thought Miles.
“We Love You,” said Miles as he pictured the unveiling.
He wished again that Catherine could be there with him to witness the event. He prayed that maybe God would let her participate in at least some small way.
“How are we doing?” called Miles quietly as he looked over at Bruce who was busily fitting pieces of sculpture together.
Bruce paused for a moment and flexed his muscles in a mock bodybuilder pose.
“Tarzan like building sculptures for God.”
Miles almost giggled like his daughter Ashley in response to Bruce’s antics.
“I think we’re way ahead of schedule this time,” said Bruce. “I need to finish rigging some of the support struts and we need to crank both master springs up to full tension, but other than that, we are pretty much good to go.”
“Oh, and there is of course ‘Balloonzilla’,” said Bruce with a wink and a conspiratorial smile.
“Ah, yest, ‘Balloonzilla’,” thought Miles fondly as he returned Bruce’s smile with a knowing grin of his own.
He really liked the name he and Bruce had chosen for the colossal heart-shaped balloon they had contracted to have custom designed and manufactured especially for their Angel event. Miles looked over at the gigantic white balloon with an equally gigantic crimson-and-pink heart on its side. Their now-famous phrase (21,367 t-shirts sold thus far on eBay) “We  You” was painted on one side in pink script. The other side featured their illustration titled “The Promise,” with a smaller “We  You” in the lower right-hand corner.
The balloon was now completely filled with helium and was consequently pulling hard against the rail around the edge of the rooftop to which it was anchored. Miles looked at the enormous balloon tugging at its restraints and thought it had to be almost as big as a small garage. The way it was tugging impatiently at its anchoring line, it looked to Miles liked it wanted to try and lift the entire building into the air. It was going to be a fantastic sight once they let it loose on its 100 feet of braided steel tether.
“That’s a balloon that is sure to make the evening news,” thought Miles as he marveled at the enormity of the near-blimp-sized dirigible.
Miles looked around at the bunches of smaller “We You” balloons that were also already eagerly bobbing in the early morning breeze. Like before, Miles and Bruce had tide off several hundred red, heart-shaped balloons to the corners of the building as well as to the sculpture itself. They wanted plenty of souvenirs for anyone who wished to have one.
Miles and Immanuel walked over to assist Bruce with any final construction elements, Miles thanking God again for both his assistance and guidance.
“I think we’re going to make it,” said Miles as he looked up at the stars above, noticing as he did so that Cassiopeia was once again directly above him.
“I concur completely my friend,” answered Bruce as Immanuel joined in with one of his trademark “Woofs.”
None of the three had any idea as they stood together that they were being watched with the very latest in high-tech night-vision equipment. They had even less of an idea that the building upon which they stood would soon be filled with flames.
And they would be blamed for the fire.

Chapter 43

	Khalis Khemen was having what his little boy Adam would describe as a “Hobble, Not Good, Berry Bat Day,” the source of the assessment being Adam’s favorite children’s book, “Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day.”
	When he wasn’t on the road traveling, Khalis would read that particular book to Adam every evening at bedtime – at least two times, usually three. And although Khalis liked to complain mightily, if truth be told, it was probably a favorite book for both of them.
“I could sure use some of your insights borne of innocence right now little man,” considered Khalis as he thought about his son – and his current mission.
The mission was nagging at him – despite the continuing thumbs up and “a-ok” assurances from their Strike Team leader. Khalis could feel that something was wrong; not with the execution of the mission, but with its objectives. It almost seemed like a fundamental shift had taken place, like a spiritual earthquake had rumbled through their souls, knocking things loose, jumbling things up, turning things upside down... Khalis felt almost like some kind of moral pole shift had occurred, like he had suddenly been forced to change sides, like he was perhaps no longer on the right side of things, no longer one of the “good guys.”
“They’re just now wrapping things up,” heard Khalis as his teammate, agent Paulo Moreno, spoke softly to their Team Leader via an encrypted channel on his headset.
Khalis tried keying the volume on his headset so that he could listen in on the conversation as well, but to no avail. His headset had been acting up all night. It apparently just wasn’t in the mood to cooperate. Khalis tapped Paulo precisely one time and pointed to his headset to let his teammate know his communication device was temporarily out of order.
Paulo started performing a series of rapid hand motions to inform Khalis that Dutch would like an update regarding the integrity of their cover.
“No problemo,” thought Khalis.
For the past two hours, he had been operating a small, but-very-powerful parabolic microphone that allowed him to clearly hear everything happening on top of the roof across from them. During that time, he had come to know their targets pretty well. He would have known immediately if any of the three subjects under their surveillance had discovered their presence in any way. From his observations, Khalis knew they had thus far avoided detection, and given the relative inexperience of their targets, they were likely going to be able to continue to do so.
Khalis relayed their status back to Paulo with an equally precise set of hand signals. Despite his relative “newbie” status on the team, Khalis was more than proficient at team communications. He could speak “Strike Team Omega” fluently.
Since joining the team less than six months ago, Khalis had trained hard to quickly learn both the verbal and non-verbal languages of the men he worked with. Not that hard work bothered him. For Khalis, it was simply the norm. He prided himself on being the best at everything he did, which meant hard work at all times in order to achieve maximum results. Working with his new compatriots, although he was very new to the group, was no exception. Not wanting to be a burden in any way when he had first joined the team, Khalis had worked at an even more exhausting pace than was his norm in order to get up to speed on things, especially in the area of team communications. He wanted to contribute and be of value from day one, thus he had made a point of just diving in to learn all the verbal and non-verbal communication mechanisms that his new team employed.
Khalis remembered feeling a great deal of pride when the Team Commander – the very man who was leading their current mission – had come to him one day not so long ago to let him know how impressed he was with Khalis’s diligence, fortitude and competence. Khalis prayed that very same Team Commander wasn’t letting him down now.
“Detection nominal,” heard Khalis as Paulo spoke softly but precisely into his headset.
“We’re clean.”
“Check,” heard Kahlis as Paulo replied to one more command and then provided him with another set of hand-signal instructions that let him know it was time for him to join the rest of the team in the basement of the building.
Khalis didn’t hear Dutch instructing Paulo in no uncertain terms to make sure the youngest, newest member of his team made it to the basement quickly so that he could participate in at least a portion of the “mission implementation.” He also didn’t hear Dutch use the term “skin in the game...”
Khalis stowed his mic in his belly pack and gave Paulo a reassuring grin and a passably confident thumbs up to let him know he was set and was bugging out. He thought Paulo looked at him a little strangely as he back-crawled from his position.
“Not Good, Berry Bat Day, daddy...”
“I am probably just imagining things,” thought Khalis as he replayed some of the very-disturbing events of the past few hours in his mind. There had been somewhat obscure references to a “burndown,” a traditional term for an arson job, and he could have sworn he had seen some of the team members preparing incendiary devices before entering the basement of the main building.
“But that couldn’t be right, could it?” thought Khalis.
“Are we really planning to set fire to this building, in a fairly busy, populated area of Phoenix? That sure sounds like a fantastic way to get somebody hurt.”
It didn’t seem warranted, either. What was the threat after all? Two would-be artists putting on a show without the right permits? Launching balloons without the appropriate authority? As a bit of an amateur art buff himself, Khalis also kind of liked the giant Angel sculpture he had watched being constructed. It would be a shame to see it destroyed.
Khalis had a growing sense of unease and alarm about the operation they were undertaking. It was a feeling of disquiet in his soul that he seemed completely unable to quell. He could feel a mixture of powerful emotions welling up inside of him, threatening to burst through years of military training and explode into a wildfire of doubt. He thought about turning around and trying to talk to Paulo, but based on the serious, rather unpleasant look on Paulo’s face right before he had exited his position, Khalis thought it wasn’t perhaps the best time for such a discussion. Instead, he continued back-crawling stealthily, exiting their observation position with practiced precision in order to make his way around the back of the building where access to the basement had been acquired. He prayed there wouldn’t be incendiary devices there to greet him.
Khalis arrived in the basement a tad out of breath, coming upon his fellow team members working silently in the dark, their night-vision goggles glowing soft green as they moved about the room. Khalis donned his own goggles – and immediately felt as though he had been punched in the heart. He could clearly see that his fellow team members were busily deploying incendiary devices called “lava balloons” from a particular area of the ceiling. Khalis had received enough training in explosives tactics to see that by placing the “lava balloons” in that particular area of the basement, the entire facility would go up hot and fast.
Khalis also knew the balloons were specially designed and manufactured to disappear completely once the burn was complete. There would be no traces of either the balloons themselves or the chemical accelerant they contained once all was said and done. All traces of potentially incriminating evidence would literally evaporate in the heat of the fire. In the end, once the fire had spent the last of its orange rage and had burned itself out completely, even a gas spectrometer and a fire inspector with a good nose wouldn’t be able to pick up anything out of the ordinary.
“A ‘White Fire’,” was the trade term Khalis had heard bandied about to refer to an act of arson like the one he was watching being set up in the basement of Dr. Miles Trebuchet’s clinic. Everything burned up completely, no evidence of any kind left behind. Flawless. Perfect. “White” and “pure” as the wind-driven snow.
Khalis himself had been required on at least two occasions to set similar fires in the field. Of course those targets had been active terrorist safe houses outside the Green Zone in Baghdad, houses they had needed to take out in order to try and help prevent any more women and children from having their arms and legs blown off by suicide bombers while walking to the market in the morning.
“I know orders are orders, but I just don’t understand these particular orders,” thought Khalis with despair.
He knew there was a high likelihood that a great many folks would come out to see the sculpture he had watched being constructed once things got underway. And there were likely to be children in the crowd. He was pretty sure setting buildings on fire intentionally was never the right thing to do, despite the rationale or reason that might be given, but he was positive it was the absolutely wrong thing to do if there was even a possibility that children were going to be in the area.
“I’m not sure who the terrorists are in this story,” thought Khalis seriously as he looked over at his Team Commander standing motionless and silent while overseeing the operation.
“He looks more like a superhero carved from a block of granite than he does a mere mortal,” thought Khalis as he tried to mentally fall back on the chain of command, holding fast to his training, trying desperately to maintain a grip on a reality with which he was comfortable.
Khalis knew that individual soldiers often did not have all the details of any given operation and needed to implicitly trust that their superiors had the best interests of both their men and the mission in their hearts at all times. Still, questions concerning the propriety of their actions continued to plague him. The building they were in was ostensibly a health-care facility in an upscale area of Phoenix after all. It wasn’t exactly a terrorist safe house. Yes, the obviously aberrant owner of the facility had clearly gone off the deep end a bit and was currently constructing some sort of huge Angel sculpture on top of the building. But at worst that was really a pretty harmless bit of eccentricity – wasn’t it? Was that any reason to endanger innocents by torching the facility?
“This just can’t be right, it doesn’t make any sense,” thought Khalis with rapidly mounting concern, frowning at the scene before him as his fellow soldiers continued their preparations. Khalis could feel himself starting to shake slightly as his conscience began to set off morality alarms within his body.
“Is this really what the ‘good guys’ do?” thought Khalis seriously, not realizing that he was being surreptitiously watched by his Strike Team Commander.
As a relatively new member of the team, Khalis had no way of knowing that Dutch had been trained his entire adult life, ever since he had been accepted into marine Tactical Ops at 17, to be completely and utterly aware of everything going on around him – at all times and in meticulous detail. He also couldn’t know that Dutch had completely mastered the training.
Dutch’s awareness of his surroundings and ability to take in and remember even the minutest details were skills he had honed to a razor’s edge, and he now had almost supernatural powers of observation. Dutch was able to maintain a mental panorama of his surroundings so that he was able to detect even the smallest, most minuscule change in his environment. Had a fly suddenly been caught in a spider’s web in the corner of the basement, Dutch would have been keenly aware of its struggles and eventual death throes. Given his powers of observation, there was simply no way Dutch could miss the obvious frown and questioning look that had just seen pass across the face of his newest team member.
“Potential problem there,” thought Dutch as he started to nonchalantly make his way over to Khalis’ position in the basement.
“Uh, oh,” thought Khalis as he saw Dutch start to approach him with what looked like a nonchalant gait but what Khalis knew was practiced carelessness.
Khalis saw that many of Dutch’s rather enormous muscles were rippling with tension, belying his attempt at casual, unconcerned ambling.
“You ok, kid?” asked Dutch softly but firmly as he approached Khalis.
He was close enough for Khalis to be able to smell the scent of Jim Beam and stale cigars on his breath.
“A-Ok, Commander, thanks,” replied Khalis cautiously, giving Dutch a hesitant smile and a rather-shaky thumbs up.
Khalis felt nervous, frightened, jittery. He realized he was battling years of training and conditioning in not confiding in his immediate superior about his doubts and misgivings concerning the operation. Trust is what made you part of the team. And if you weren’t part of the team, you were nothing – persona non grata. Worse, you were a liability. Khalis knew all too well how potentially dangerous it was in the world of Special Ops to be perceived by your commander as an outsider, an interloper. Outsiders were usually the enemy.
“Maybe I need to just trust in the chain of command as I have been trained to do,” thought Khalis as he looked at the massive mountain of a man who now stood confidently next to him.  
Khalis decided to take a chance and put his trust in his training and his commander.
“Dutch, is this ok? What we’re doing here?” asked Khalis softly so that the other members of the Strike Team wouldn’t overhear him. “It seems like there is great potential here to harm potential innocents if we go through with this.”
Khalis was afraid he had overstepped his bounds as he saw Dutch’s jawline go even more rigid for just a moment. He was incredibly relieved when his commander’s expression almost immediately took on a softer countenance as he put his hand gently on Khalis’s shoulder, engaging with him the way a father interacts with his son. The change in demeanor was so fast Khalis wasn’t even certain he had ever seen the original, somewhat unnerving look on Dutch’s face.
“Honestly, I don’t know all the details of our mission son. I only know the mission requirements; I have no idea what the reasons are behind the mission, nor do I know what the real objective might be. Like you son, I just follow orders,” replied Dutch in a caring, commiserating tone of voice.
Dutch was far more disturbed by Khalis’s questions than he was letting on, however. He knew he had a serious problem if he couldn’t correct his youngest and newest team member’s attitude quickly. He and his Strike Team were seldom involved in operations where it paid to ask questions. He simply could not tolerate any member of his team even thinking about doubting any of their orders or actions. Inappropriate questions or failure to follow through on a mission could get them all killed. Dutch knew he needed to quickly gauge and determine Khalis’s commitment to himself, the team, and the cause. He knew it was literally a matter of life and death – for all of them.
Dutch decided to hit Khalis with some real-world truth in order to test his metal. He figured if the kid could hold up against some rather disturbing realities and still commit to following orders, he could probably still be a salvageable member of the team. He was actually hoping that he had not lost his newest team member and that he could restore Khalis’s faith in himself, the chain of command, and the mission. Dutch liked the kid and had no desire to lose him as a team member. That said, he also wouldn’t hesitate in the slightest to delete him from both the team and the world should it become necessary to do so.
“Always remember son that the chain of command depends on us following orders. Things fall apart at the center if we start asking too many questions. We have to understand that there are ‘realities’ in this world that we cannot control. For example, it is likely that the owner of this very building is in on the operation to burn it to the ground. He might need an insurance payoff in order to get out of a bad investment, he might be looking at an audit and need an under-the-table investment taken off the books, he might be trying to reduce his net worth because he is going through a bad divorce. The reasons don’t really matter. What does matter is that the owner of this building is clearly connected to somebody way up the chain command or we wouldn’t be here in our ‘official capacity.’ And it’s the chain of command that matters, because in the end we are responsible for following orders, not discerning intentions.”
“Fire is a funny business, and make no mistake, it is a business,” said Dutch with a knowing chuckle. “Our job is sometimes to make things burn so that we can either save somebody’s bacon or cook up some pork in the process.”
“This world is all about ‘who you know’ and ‘you scratch my back and I’ll scratch yours’ kid, remember that,” continued Dutch with a wink as he casually but very carefully gauged Khalis’s reaction to what he knew were brutally honest and potentially disturbing statements. If Khalis was still on board with the team, Dutch would know it.
Khalis, however, had noticed that Dutch had shifted his feet into a combat-ready position as he had begun speaking. He might be the youngest and newest member of the team, but he still had years of training and combat experience in hot zones around the world, and he was smart. He was onto Dutch’s game, and he could see mortal danger lurking at the corners of Dutch’s smiling eyes. Although he was horrified by Dutch’s blasé attitude in making such heinously amoral statements, Khalis managed to gather his emotions and smile back at Dutch with his best rendition of an “I don’t understand all this but I love you dad” expression.
“Ok Dutch, I understand, count me in,” said Khalis sincerely in what he thought was likely an Oscar-caliber performance.
Khalis felt relief and a sense of satisfaction flow through him as he saw a look of renewed trust wash rapidly across Dutch’s face and then disappear into the crevices of his chiseled jawline.
“King me,” thought Khalis, remembering the statement of triumph he and his brothers had used with each other while growing up in western Pennsylvania. Along with their father, all three boys had been ardent devotees of the game of checkers.
Khalis maintained an expression of bland observation, but was incredibly relieved that he had at least temporarily dodged what he knew had been a very dangerous dart. He was also well aware, however, that he had only managed to outmaneuver his commander for the time being. He wouldn’t be able to hide the disquiet in his soul forever. He would simply never be at peace with the risking of innocents, especially children, in order to meet the demands of the more shadowy elements of his government while also potentially providing convenient financial benefits for parties unknown. Torching the facility in which they now found themselves just didn’t feel like the right thing to do, even if someone somewhere thought it was somehow justified or “necessary.”
But he wasn’t about to tell Dutch any more of his concerns. He knew he was done asking questions. He just wasn’t sure what other options might be available for him to pursue. Perhaps he could call the local police? Trigger a fire alarm? Throw something at the would-be artists on the roof so that they were alerted to the presence of the Strike Team? Khalis wasn’t sure yet precisely what he was going to do, but he was absolutely sure that he was going to do something.
“Everything’s going to be fine,” continued Dutch as he squeezed Khalis’s shoulder gently, letting him know that he cared about him and understood his feelings of concern.
“Thanks Dutch,” replied Khalis, finding himself repulsed by the touch of Dutch’s hand on his shoulder.
Khalis forced his expression to be one of gratitude despite his disgust with Dutch and the situation in which he now found himself. He had gotten into military service and the special forces in order to help people, not fire bomb them for some notion of a “greater good” that really only served the selfish interests of less-than-optimally moral individuals.
Dutch’s grip on his shoulder turned to steel as the door to the basement abruptly burst open with a clatter, an elderly gentleman with a puff of white hair hitting the fluorescent lights with a practiced flip as he entered the room. Khalis tore his goggles from his face so that he wasn’t temporarily blinded by the sudden influx of powerful light. He could see the elderly gentleman was using his mop to push a yellow bucket of suds in a zigzag pattern as he bobbed his head and moved with what looked like practiced grace, obviously boogieing to some good tunes on his mp3 player.
The janitor barely had time to register that he wasn’t alone before three members of the Strike Team had him down on his knees, his arms pinned mercilessly behind behind his back, his forehead pressed firmly to the cold hardness of the concrete floor.
Khalis thought he heard the mellow strains of Mario crooning R&B for lovers from the janitor’s earbuds before the black boot of one of the Strike Team members ended the life of the headphones forever.
“Obviously not a fan of R&B,” thought Khalis with a detached and somewhat surreal sense of sarcasm as he looked on helplessly, the night janitor struggling a little and receiving a sharp blow to his right ear from a precision-adjusted knuckle for his efforts.
Khalis cringed, tightening his grip on his MP-5 submachine gun as the elderly janitor with the crazy puff of white hair yelped in pain.
“Right on time,” said Dutch as he looked at his watch and slid a red metal chair over to where the “lava balloons” had been positioned. He grabbed the elderly janitor by the back of the neck and carried him like a piece of luggage over to the worn chair. With a nod of his head, two other members of the Strike Team began to use plastic zip ties to strap the obviously in-shock janitor to the battered, but still bright-red chair. Once they had him fully restrained, they proceeded to gag him expertly so that he couldn’t cry out.
Khalis realized with horror that Dutch intended to leave the janitor in the basement as they torched the building. He had been awaiting his arrival. Dutch had intended to use the janitor as an intentional casualty all along.
“Not Good, Berry Bat Day...” heard Khalis in his mind as he tried desperately to control his emotions, attempting to appear to his commander as just one more dedicated member of the team.
Khalis had no idea that Dutch had been surreptitiously watching him the entire time, nor did he realize Dutch had seen the slight tremor of doubt which had briefly crossed his face.
“Gotcha,” thought Dutch as he gave a barely perceptible nod of his head and briefly touched his brow – as though wiping something bothersome away.
Two members of the Strike Team immediately moved into position to the left and right of Khalis. They didn’t move with obvious malice, but Khalis knew he was in trouble. Khalis saw that the man on his right was Paulo.
“Berry Bat Day...” thought Khalis as the man on his left struck him expertly behind the ear with the folding stock of his MP-5 submachine gun, knocking him unconscious.
Dutch grabbed another old metal chair from against the wall, this one painted in a flaking yellow that bespoke aging jubilance, and slid it next to the red chair in which the elderly janitor was restrained. Dutch noticed the elderly gents eyes were as big as saucers, full of questions that would never receive an answer.
“Sorry old man,” said Dutch without much empathy or remorse in his voice. “If it helps any, know that you are doing this to help the greater good.”
“Festive,” thought Dutch as he looked at the colored chairs sitting together, using his enormous strength to haul the unconscious Khalis up into the yellow chair with a single motion.
“Sorry to you too kid,” said Dutch as he helped gag his now-former team member, securing him tightly to the chair with more zip ties.
“We’re done here,” pronounced Dutch as he turned on his heel with military precision, hitting the lights as he led the rest of the Strike Team from the basement – without a word and without looking back.
Chapter 44

Steve Rogers could feel his heart beating with familiar excitement. The pull of the “Big Story” was once again upon him. Steve smiled as he continued to work alongside Laura and Larry to get their live remote set up before dawn broke against the Phoenix sky. The Big Story would always get his journalistic juices flowing; he would always be a moth to that particular flame. Steve’s journalist soul loved the Big Story like a born composer loves music. It was part of him, and it never failed to make him feel utterly alive.
The area outside the clinic of Dr. Miles Trebuchet was already crawling with media. There appeared to be a virtual cornucopia of lights, cameras, vans, and other various implements employed by the carnival that is broadcast news strewn about the clinic’s meticulously maintained lawn. Steve reflected for a moment on so many journalistic competitors seemingly honing in on his story, something that normally would have irked him greatly. But not this time. In this particular case, the message of the story was far more important than any exclusive ever could be. Besides, the mass of media had been his idea; he couldn’t exactly be upset about it if he were going to maintain any semblance of intellectual integrity.
Less concerned with an exclusive scoop than they were with the message of the event in general, Steve and Laura had taken a deep breath and had violated one of the sacred tenets of the generally capitalistic nature of journalism. They had shared. Steve had anonymously spread a late-breaking “rumor” amongst various news outlets that the “Love Bandits” behind the “Lincoln Lights” in Nebraska would be appearing for another show – this time in Phoenix. It was a little painful for both Steve and Laura to give up their exclusive, but it was the only way they could assure maximum coverage of the event – and its message. It was a message of hope and faith and love that both Steve and Laura genuinely believed in, one which they wanted to help spread to the world.
Of course, Steve had also waited until that last minute possible to issue his “press release.” It wouldn’t have made for a very good show if notice about the event had gone out a week early, thus giving the authorities plenty of advance notice to bust up the party. Steve could see from the number of cops and firefighters who were already arriving on scene that his approach had likely been the right one. Any earlier notice would likely have resulted in enough state, federal and local authorities to constitute a siege.
The late notice hadn’t exactly hurt their efforts in selecting the choicest broadcast location, either. They had selected a small grassy hill just to the south of the clinic. The hill provided them with a fantastic vantage point from which to view the roof of the clinic. It was perfect, and Steve was thrilled and thankful that they had found it.
As he looked around at the scads of media scurrying about the area, Steve found himself fairly pleased with the response to he and Laura’s anonymous “press release.” It was a fantastic turnout.
“We Love You,” said Steve softly as he looked at the scrambling throngs of media,  every one of them trying to beat the dawn deadline that had been set for them all.
And dawn was coming quickly. Steve could see the eastern sky just beginning to show the first real signs of pink fire as it prepared for another magnificent southwest sunrise. Steve was glad to see the sun rising so incredibly over Phoenix. It was like the sky was honoring the name of the city, painting a symbol of fresh hope and renewal upon its face.
“Hey you, beautiful,” called Steve as he smiled at Laura who was busily putting things together with Larry.
“You mean me, right?” replied Larry with a half-cocked grin.
“Not unless you are the girl of my dreams,” laughed Steve.
Laura, for her part, planted her hands firmly on her hips, an “ok, boys, let’s stop with the hijinx, there’s work to be done” expression on her face.
“Take a break for a moment to come and watch this magnificent sunrise with me,” asked Steve as he held out his hand to Laura.
Laura paused, then walked quickly toward Steve as she took a moment to look at the magnificent sky with him.
“I thought you might feel that way,” said Steve as he stood behind Laura, enfolding her in his arms.
As he held the love of his life, admiring and enjoying the amazing sunrise with her, Steve noticed a bit of commotion suddenly occurring amongst the assembled multitudes of media. Glancing up at the roof of the 4-story brick building next to them, he saw something rather odd. A colossal white heart appeared to be floating into the sky above the building.
“Look!” exclaimed Laura excitedly as she started pointing, suddenly seeing the object as well.
Steve was relieved as he saw Larry start rolling tape out of the corner of his eye. They definitely didn’t want to miss this footage.
Steve continued to stare up at the giant balloon with Laura, his mouth agape, as he witnessed what had to be the biggest balloon he had ever seen that wasn’t a traditional “hot air balloon” rise majestically into the vibrant pinks and oranges of the early morning sky.
“It has to be at least 100 feet across and 50 feet tall,” said Steve with wonder as he gazed at the white balloon with the words “We  You” painted gigantically in pink-and-crimson script inside a red heart on its side.  
A tremor of excitement seemed to run through the entire crowd as the assembled media scrambled to cover the event. Steve heard more than a few “oohs” and “ahhhs” erupt involuntarily from spectators as the colossal balloon appeared to grow in size and presence, rising majestically into the morning skies over Phoenix to a height of at least a hundred feet in the air.
“Laura look,” said Steve, feeling excitement rise up within him as well.
The huge balloon was doing something more than just rising majestically into the early morning air. The tremendous force of its lift was helping to raise a sculpture into position on the roof of the building, a sculpture of an Angel. The magnificently colossal Angel was cradling a newborn infant in her arms while looking upward expectantly into the clear, azure-blue sky.
“Wow,” said Steve, at a loss for anything more profound or descriptive as he marveled at the incredible piece of artwork that was being lifted dramatically into place above them.
The sculpture was magnificent, amazing – and huge. Although Steve had loved “Batman” and “Robin’s” roller coaster which he had seen previously in Lincoln, he thought the matronly Angel that stood before them now was perhaps even more impressive and beautiful.
“We have to call this in and get on the air now!” exclaimed Laura, the “newsman” in her obviously coming to the fore once more. She was clearly feeling the pull of the Big Story as well.
Steve felt it too, welling up within him, his heart beginning to race in that old familiar way as he worked to arrange things with Larry in case the network did indeed want to immediately establish a live feed.
“The view is certainly worthy of a live feed,” mused Steve as he looked up at the incredible winged Angel sculpture on top of the building, thinking that she seemed to be reaching up with the infant in her arms toward the tremendous, heart-shaped “We  You” balloon floating grandly in the sky above.
“An offering to the universal concept of ‘We Love You’,” thought Steve as he considered the meaning of the artwork and imagery on display before him.
“Susan wants to go live with us from network!” said Laura in a soft cry of eager excitement as she disconnected the wireless headset to her blackberry and rushed over to Steve, helping to smooth his hair, straighten his collar, and generally make sure he looked as presentable as possible.
“Susan Sampson and Good Morning America,” thought Steve with a smile as he said a small prayer of thanks for having been blessed with Laura and an ever-more successful career that he really did enjoy and love.
“You’re gorgeous, go get ‘em tiger,” whispered Laura in Steve’s ear as she finished up his 60-second grooming regimen.
Steve faced Larry, mic in hand. He barely had time to take a breath before the light on the camera turned red, telling him he was live to millions of living rooms across America.
“Good morning Steve,” chimed Susan easily from the network studios in New York City. “Good to see you again. Looks like there is quite an event shaping up in Phoenix this morning.”
Steve smiled his most dashing, winsome smile. It was a smile he had dubbed his “1920s swashbuckler smile” after learning it from watching old Errol Flynn movies. All modesty aside, Steve knew it was a devastatingly dashing and handsome expression – when he could pull it off. He prayed this was one such occasion.
“As you can see behind me Susan,” started Steve as he turned slightly, gesturing somewhat dramatically toward the roof of the clinic. “It looks like we are about to witness another spectacular display of art and engineering similar to the recent event that took place in Lincoln, Nebraska.”
“Our ‘Information Terrorists’ are back at it again then?” asked Susan with feigned concern as Larry panned the camera upward to show the colossal “We  You” balloon soaring hugely overhead.
Steve just smiled again, unwilling to take Susan’s bait.
“Well, Susan, it sure looks like they have a message they think is awfully important that they are trying to get out to the world anyway,” answered Steve as he saw throngs of people starting to gather around him and the nearby clinic building.
“Everyone wants to be on TV,” thought Steve with a mental chuckle.
“Steve, as you stand there on site, reporting on developments live as they happen, what is your sense of things? What is the mood of the people there?” asked Susan in a concerned, somewhat secretive tone of voice.
“Is there a sense of fear?” asked Susan, her voice a razor’s edge of a whisper.
“She really is very good,” thought Steve with professional admiration for Susan, even if he didn’t necessarily agree with the angle she was taking on the story.
“Well Susan...” started Steve, only to be abruptly cut off by a muted gasp and then a raucous cheer from the burgeoning crowd of onlookers who now surrounded the clinic.
“...I think you can hear for yourself,” finished Steve with a genuine smile as he turned toward the throngs of now-applauding and cheering onlookers.
Steve saw Larry panning the camera expertly as the colossal Angel on top of the clinic began to come to life. Steve watched fascinated, unable to speak, as a large silver ball about the size of a bowling ball began winding its way through the sculpture, setting off intricate, masterful vignettes as it went. Steve heard small bells jingling fancifully within the sculpture, heralding the various events as he watched a moon and stars fly over the Angel’s head, a ship set sail, three men drop to their knees as they began to pray, a very-large Newton’s pendulum start to “clack” as it began to swing, and a mother begin to cradle her baby lovingly near the “heart” of the sculpture.
The crowed cheered even more raucously as the Angel’s “cycle” ended in a flourish with the release of multitudes of silver balls that cascaded down helix-shaped tubes, large bells ringing out like heralds for a hundred churches as the little silver globes made their journey.
“They look like precisely ‘twisted’ strands of DNA,” thought Steve as he examined the helix-shaped tubes inside the giant Angel.
As the last bell rang out to announce the end of the silver balls’ journey, fireworks exploded into the sky with a golden scream over the Angel’s head as hundreds of red, heart-shaped balloons were released into the sky from the four corners of the building.
Steve watched mesmerized as the Angel’s massive wings slowly spread out, the words “We  You” being revealed between them as they fully expanded and fell into place.
Steve suddenly realized that both he and Susan Sampson had gone silent on the air while watching the incredible display.
“An event amazing enough to make even Susan Sampson fall victim to dreaded ‘dead air’ had to be something pretty powerful indeed,” thought Steve with a grin.
“As you can see, Susan, a pretty incredible show for Phoenix this morning,” said Steve, trying to save himself and his cohort from what he knew was probably an overly pregnant pause in the conversation.
“Yes, thank you, Steve, a pretty amazing display indeed,” answered Susan, quickly regaining her composure. “We have to go to break now, but I am hearing in my ear that we will be having Allan Elliott from the Department of Homeland Security on when we get back in order to discuss this morning’s events in Phoenix further. Thank you again Steve, please keep tracking events for us on site and we will be back with you shortly.”
As the red light on Larry’s camera faded temporarily, Laura came bouncing over to congratulate Steve on a job well done. Steve noticed she had somehow managed to corral one of the heart-shaped “We You” balloons and was holding it gently by its pink ribbon.
“Allan Elliott. Department of Homeland Security,” mused Steve, thinking that name maybe sounded familiar somehow.
“Allan Elliott,” said Steve out loud, the name sticking on his tongue a little like there was something wrong with it somehow.
Steve flinched involuntarily as he heard Laura abruptly give out a small cry of surprise. Her balloon had suddenly popped and now hung loosely by its string, its heart-shaped body draped lifelessly on the ground.

Chapter 45

Khalis smelled pancakes – blueberry pancakes. The scent wafted around and through him like a meandering stream of warm, nostalgic comfort. It reminded him of the breakfasts his mother had prepared for him and his brothers every Sunday morning during their youth.
But something seemed different this morning.
Something felt wrong.
Something smelled funny.
There was a burned aroma mixed in with the wonder of the blueberries. The normally divine smells seemed almost tainted with darkness somehow. Tendrils of burning blackness seemed to be creeping in at the edges of his olfactory senses, making Khalis’s nose want to crinkle in retreat as he envisioned dark, acrid threads of smoke winding their way through a patchwork of normally comforting smells, creating small eddies of black bitterness that seemed to want to invade and poison the purity of the fabric.
“It smells like mom is burning not only the food, but the kitchen and maybe a few family members as well,” thought Khalis.
Khalis Kemen yelped in real pain as he came abruptly awake, a dripping globule of brightly burning, almost white-hot goo landing on the pinkie finger of his right hand. Khalis tried to lift his hand in order to shake the burning, jelly-like fire from his finger, realizing as he did so that his arms had been zip-tied firmly to the battered yellow metal chair in which he was now sitting. He tried to stand and quickly realized that his legs had also been firmly secured.
“Not good,” thought Khalis as he grimaced in pain, listening to the flesh on the knuckle of his pinkie crackle and sizzle like bacon in a frying pan. Khalis winced and bit down hard enough to draw blood from his lip as searing pain started emanating from his cooking finger.
Khalis heard the sound of crumbling fire beginning to pour forth once more as another lava balloon began to spill its molten contents down from the ceiling. He ducked deftly out of the way in order to avoid having his head turned into more frying food as gelatinous fire dripped viscously past him onto the floor, quickly spreading burning fire all around him.
Khalis saw that the old janitor with the puff of white hair next to him was doing his best to bounce his chair out of the way as lava balloons above him periodically let loose as well, raining down more thick globules and droplets of brightly burning jelly.
“It almost looks like he is dancing,” thought Khalis with a detached sense of surrealism as he watched the elderly janitor’s rather graceful bouncing movements, marveling at the obvious athleticism that was still clearly a part of the old man.
“I bet he was a heck of a dancer in his day,” thought Khalis as he watched the old janitor perform rather amazing feats of what looked to be practiced agility as he literally “got jiggy with it” in his red metal chair, bouncing and scooting across the floor, trying desperately to dodge the flesh-searing globules that continued to periodically erupt and rain down down from above.
Unfortunately, Khalis saw that despite his best efforts to tango his way out of the fix he was in, the elderly gentleman had already met with at least a few scorching defeats. Khalis could see he had several small, severely burned areas on him where the fiery goo had alighted, burning easily through both cloth and flesh alike.
Two more lava balloons suddenly crinkled and sighed, as though breathing their last as they let loose above Khalis and the elderly janitor. Khalis decided it might be wise to join the old man in their “hot” new dance, the “hopping chair mambo.”
“Living La Vida Lava,” thought Khalis as the absurdity of them dancing in their red and yellow metal chairs to try and avoid being burned to death suddenly struck him as funny.
Khalis tried his utmost to bounce and scoot his chair away from the dripping fire while trying to force himself to stay calm, maintain a sense of optimism, and relax enough to focus his trained mind. Maintaining a sense of humor had always been one of Khalis’s most essential tools in achieving a “thinking state” during times of crisis and particular duress. He knew he was going to need some good comedic material now if he was going to keep his cool sufficiently enough to try and find a way out of the dire predicament in which he now found himself.
Khalis yelped involuntarily again and strained fiercely against the bonds that held him as another large droplet of fiery jelly dripped onto his shoulder, burning completely through his black uniform and deeply into his flesh. He was keenly aware that he needed to quickly identify and evaluate all options and possibilities for escape. And it was obvious to Khalis that regardless of what they were going to do, he and the elderly janitor needed to act quickly. They clearly did not have much time, they could mambo for only so long before their hot new dance was sure to become a blistering tango with the grim reaper.
The fire on the floor and ceiling was beginning to spread rapidly, and Khalis recognized that it wouldn’t be too much longer before the entire room would be filled with thick clouds of billowing black smoke – smoke that would choke the lives out of them within minutes if they couldn’t find a way out.
“Thank you very much Dutch,” thought Khalis as he felt anger begin to flare up inside of him like the burning fire that surrounded him.
He still couldn’t believe that his commander and his “Teammates” had intentionally put him in this situation. Khalis pushed any thoughts of anger and vengeance aside forcefully, making himself marshal his emotions and push all negative thoughts away, at least for the time being. He needed to focus completely on the task at hand – getting out of the situation alive. There would be time later for retribution.
“And hopefully for vengeance,” thought Khalis with determination.
Khalis looked over at the old janitor who was still bouncing and scooting his chair alongside him and saw that his eyes were the size of saucers. He was clearly terrified and in pain and understood as well that they didn’t have much time.
Strapped to the yellow metal chair the way he was, Khalis knew his options were limited. If he was going to get out of the mess he was in, he was going to have to free one of his hands. Khalis set himself and pulled hard against the zip-tie that bound his right arm to the chair.
Nothing.
He wrenched his arm back and forth furiously, causing abrasions along his forearm that began to bleed slightly.
Still nothing.
As he was struggling, Khalis heard the gagged janitor next to him start to make anxious, muffled sounds through the gag that kept his tongue tightly secured. Khalis glanced at him just long enough to see that he was staring at the ceiling above Khalis’s head, his saucer-sized eyes now looking almost as large as dinner plates. Khalis followed the janitor’s dinner-plate eyes upward and saw two more balloons directly above him starting to show obvious signs they were about to let loose and rain down an ungodly amount of jellied fire.
Khalis knew he was out of time.
“God help me do this right,” prayed Khalis out loud as he toppled himself sideways onto the floor and used his feet and a bodily thrusting motion to scoot himself in a circular, sideways pattern until he was in a position where his right arm, and the zip-ties that bound it, were directly under the two “lava balloons” that were about to explode above him.
Fire was all around him now, and Khalis could see thick, roiling pillows of black smoke beginning to stack up on the ceiling above him as he lay on the floor looking upward, waiting for those two balloons to drip fire onto his arm and onto the zip-tie that bound him, hopefully melting through the plastic restraint that held him. It was going to hurt, bad. But it was his only option.
Khalis took a deep breath of still fairly clean air and waited. He could feel his hair beginning to smoke from the flames on the floor behind him, and he noticed as well that his shoelaces had been lit on fire at the ends and now resembled crazily burning fuses of some kind.
Despite, or maybe because of, the truly life-threatening situation in which he now found himself, Khalis couldn’t keep himself from thinking about the “Looney Tunes” cartoons he had watched as a child with Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Yosemite Sam, Elmer Fudd, and the rest of the gang as he stared at the “shoelace fuses” burning on his boots.
“Definitely having a Bugs and Yosemite Sam moment here,” thought Khalis as he watched his crazy shoelace fuses burn down slowly.
Khalis looked up, once again carefully calculating angles of descent as he tried to gauge exactly where the fire would drip. He scooted himself and his arm a little more to the left, and recited another silent prayer.
Both balloons abruptly let loose with a stream of brightly burning gelatinous fire, and Khalis screamed in triumph and pain as he realized he had positioned himself perfectly. The gooey fire sizzled and burned itself terribly through his flesh, but it also easily melted the zip-tie that held him.
Tearing his hand free, Khalis quickly drew his combat knife from his leg sheath and within seconds was out of his battered old yellow chair and was on the floor next to the old man, cutting him free from his bonds and removing his gag as well. The fire in the basement was fairly raging now as Khalis cast about the room looking for an escape route while crouching low with the elderly janitor in an attempt to breathe what “good air” still remained in the room.
“What would Bugs Bunny do,” thought Khalis as he scanned the area, noting quickly that all standard exits appeared to be blocked by raging flames.
The old man, his singed puff of white hair now making his head look a bit like a toasted marshmallow, grabbed Khalis by the arm – and pointed. The smoke seemed to almost magically part as Khalis followed the old man’s finger, peering into the fiery gloom. He could see what had the old man so excited. There was a window along the back wall that was not yet completely engulfed by fire and which was large enough for both of them to fit through. There was even a bookcase next to the window that he could tip over and stand on in order to assist his elderly friend out the opening.
“Thanks Bugs,” thought Khalis as he grabbed the yellow metal chair and fairly raced over to the window in a crouch, pulling his elderly compatriot along with him. There was thick, black smoke everywhere now, even low to the ground. Khalis knew they were almost out of time.
Khalis tipped the bookcase over and smashed the window out completely with his battered old yellow chair, clearing the chips around the edges with a rope-wrapped hand.
“Going to have to thank you for leaving me the chair after all, Dutch,” thought Khalis as he lifted the elderly janitor bodily and practically threw him through the smashed-out basement window. He then climbed onto the toppled bookcase and pulled himself up and out the window to safety.
Khalis sat on the grass next to the clinic, breathing deeply of the fresh, morning air as he watched thick black smoke billow out the basement window they had just exited. Both men were covered in charcoal soot, and Khalis had to smile a little as he saw that the old janitor’s puff of white hair now really resembled an overly toasted marshmallow.
“Thank you,” said the old man in a voice that was a little shaky but still held an impressive strength as he took Khalis’s hand in his own and began to shake it.
“Hey, not a problem, we can’t let the enemies of R&B win out can we?” answered Khalis with a smile, happy that his comment engendered a return smile from the obviously very-shaken janitor.
Khalis saw that what looked like a broadcast news team already making its way rapidly toward their position.
“Looks like Dutch and his operation might be making the nightly news,” thought Khalis with a sense of satisfaction as he took the old man in his arms and helped him to stand.

Chapter 46

Steve watched as the glow of the red light on the camera before him winked out of existence, telling him he was no longer on the air.
“Amazing, simply amazing,” said Steve as he held Laura’s hand, the two of them looking up together at the magnificent Angel that now adorned the top of Dr. Miles Trebuchet’s Phoenix clinic. The giant “balloon-asaur” was also still bobbing grandly in the sky, as though playfully urging everyone within eyeshot to observe its message of “We  You”.
He wouldn’t have thought that Batman and Robin could have outdone their Lincoln Roller Coaster Show, yet somehow, they had. The Angel they had constructed, and the way they had chosen to exhibit it had made for an incredible experience, particularly for those with even a hint of the artist’s spirit in them. There were still throngs of media and just regular folks milling about the clinic, many of them with red, heart-shaped balloons tied to their wrists. Many of the spectators continued to watch the Angel replay her show every 10 minutes or so, a raucous cheer erupting every time the DNA strands let loose to the ringing accompaniment of what sounded like a hundred bells.
It seemed to Steve that the experience of watching the Angel almost lingered in the soul somehow, as though the sculpture continued to move within everyone even after its cycle was complete. It was magical, and nobody seemed to want to leave.
“Steve, what is that?” asked Laura suddenly, alarm making the edges of her voice tremble slightly.
Before he could even turn towards Laura, Steve noticed something in his peripheral vision that threatened to drive a dark stake through the heart of the happiness and joy of the morning.
Steve groaned inwardly as he turned and saw dense, black smoke pouring from some vents in the the back, lower portion of the building next to them. Normally, seeing a fire might have gotten his Big Story juices flowing. Not this time. A fire was potentially catastrophic for the spirit of the Angel’s unveiling and her message, and it had the potential to destroy her physically as well.
“That, my love, is a fire I’m afraid,” said Steve as he flipped open his cell phone to dial 911.
“Busy?” thought Steve as his 911 call failed to connect.
Steve cast a hurried gaze about the area, hoping someone else might have noticed the blaze as well. But it didn’t appear to Steve that anyone else in the immediate area had seen the smoke. He realized as he assessed the situation that had they not been in their current position, up on a small hill above the back corner of the building, it is likely they would have missed the smoke as well. It looked to Steve like it was up to them to try and get the word out.
Steve began frantically looking for fire or police personnel whom he could notify as he saw Larry start filming the fire, walking slowly towards the building with his camera on his shoulder. Amazingly, there didn’t seem to be any local authorities in the immediate area – no police, no firefighters, no city workers, nothing.
“No 911, no cops or firefighters in the immediate area? Very strange...” thought Steve as he remembered seeing dozens of official personnel in the vicinity not very long ago.
“Never a cop when you need one,” thought Steve.
Steve recoiled a bit and pulled Laura too him as a single small window low down on the side of the brick building suddenly exploded outward in a crashing profusion of glittering, broken glass. Thick, black smoke began to billow out almost immediately from the now-open wound in the side of the building.
Steve stared somewhat dumbfounded as what looked like an old man with a large, burned marshmallow on top of his head practically flew through the window, landing on the still-dewy, well-manicured grass beside the building. Steve thought the old man looked like he had been rolled around in a barbeque pit filled with old charcoal. The elderly man with an overdone marshmallow on top of his head was quickly followed by another man, a younger but similarly charcoal colored individual who pulled himself up and out the basement window as black clouds of acrid smoke flowed out behind him, as though he were being expelled from a hellish furnace. The whiteness of the men’s eyes looked almost comical against their soot-covered faces as they sat together gratefully sucking in deep breaths of clean, crisp, desert-morning air while they held onto each other for support.
Steve, Laura, and Larry were running over to the charcoal-colored pair before they even had a chance to think about the danger of possibly getting too close to a potentially very dangerous fire.
“Are you ok?” asked Steve as he reached out to try and help steady the old man, glancing at the younger man as he did so in order to rapidly gauge his condition as well.
Steve had a thousand questions he wanted to ask the two men, but he saw that police and fire personnel were thankfully starting to finally appear in the area. The questions were going to have to wait. They needed to move out of the way so that the fire crews would be free to work. Steve prayed they would be successful in quelling the fire. From the look of things, there was still sufficient reason to at least hope that would turn out to be the case. He had been to more than a few fires in his time as a reporter, and it looked to Steve like there was still time to mute the impact of the fire, and perhaps save both the building and the treasure that sat atop it.
Steve led the now-charcoal-colored pair over to some shade under a small tree away from the immediate danger area and offered them some of the bottled water that he and Laura always carried with them in case Steve got a case of dry mouth while performing his on-air reporting duties. Both men took a long hard drink and provided a n abundance of thank yous.
“Can I ask you a few questions about what happened?” queried Steve as he looked over at Larry to make sure he was still rolling.
Larry looked back at Steve without saying a word, his “you bet I am” expression telling Steve everything he needed to know. Steve was pretty sure the pair in front of him weren’t Batman and Robin. So who were they? And what had they been doing in the building?
“Can you tell me what happened?” asked Steve. “What were you doing in the building?”
“They killed my iPod,” replied the elderly gentleman with the charcoal-colored marshmallow on top of his head. “Stomped it to death.”
“They hate R&B.”
Steve felt a little sorry for the elderly gentleman. He was obviously still in somewhat of a daze. Steve offered him an empathetic smile, a friendly squeeze on the shoulder, and some more water.
“I can tell you what happened,” answered Khalis. “As a matter of fact, I think I would like to tell you everything.”
Steve spent the next 20 minutes interviewing the young man he would come to know as Khalis Kemen as Khalis laid out exactly what had been going on in Phoenix with Strike Team Omega. It was one of the most powerful, shocking, and distasteful stories that Steve thought he had ever heard. And Larry was right there the entire time getting everything on tape.
“Do you know who requested the operation? Who gave the orders? Who was at the top of things?” asked Steve.
“We are never provided with that kind of information I’m afraid,” answered Khalis. “Everything is compartmentalized as much as possible to protect the chain of command. But I can tell you that the Department of Homeland Security was definitely involved. I overheard at least two specific, albeit unnamed, references to individuals within that agency.”
As he looked up from his note taking, Steve saw a thoughtful, somewhat-pensive expression suddenly cross Khalis Kemen’s face, as though he were making a decision of some kind.
“I can tell you the name of the Strike Team Commander who is directly responsible for setting the fire here at this clinic this morning, however,” said Khalis seriously.
“Edgar ‘Dutch’ Reynolds,” spat Khalis with obvious distaste for the name and the person.
“What a bombshell,” thought Steve as he looked over at Laura, seeing that she was  listening intently as well.
Steve considered the ramifications of individuals within DHS using the powers of their office and likely “black budget” funds to knowingly act as provocateurs in order to pursue some sort of political agenda or personal goal. The story was absolutely incredible, bigger than the biggest of Big Stories.
Steve locked eyes with Laura for a moment, seeing in her eyes that she also felt the gravity of the story as she silently mouthed the word “wow” to him before going back to work with Larry on getting some good footage of the fire and police personnel who thankfully already looked to be winning the battle with the fire that had flared up in the basement of the building.
“We are such a couple of news junkies,” thought Steve as he looked at Laura with affection. “Two of a kind. A perfect match.”
Another word suddenly came unbidden into Steve’s mind as he again considered the potential gravity of the story they had been fortunate enough to uncover. It was a word that transcended even the “Big Story.”
“Pulitzer,” thought Steve.
Steve knew the story had sufficient gravitas to at least warrant Pulitzer consideration. Like a little boy drawn to baseball with a dream of hitting a home run in the World Series, Steve the born reporter had always dreamed of winning a Pulitzer. He never thought he would actually find himself in a position to do so, but here he was. A story about rogue elements of the Department of Homeland Security engaging in terrorist acts on American soil to further some kind of political or economic agenda was a story with the potential to be absolutely gigantic. If he covered it well, as a top-notch reporter, then it did likely have sufficient weight to garner him Pulitzer Prize consideration. Even without the Pulitzer, the story had the potential to launch his professional standing and career to new, even-loftier heights.
In addition to the professional accolades he and Laura could receive as a result of breaking the story, Steve also felt good about potentially being able to expose some of the wickedness in an often overly corrupt world. Steve definitely liked to think of himself as one of the “good guys” in the eternal battle between darkness and the forces of light. Supporting the cause of right and light was a charitable contribution Steve felt honored to be able to make and was one of the things that had originally drawn him to the news game.
“Thank you God for this opportunity,” prayed Steve silently.
“And thank you for showing us that Batman and Robin had nothing to do with the fire,” thought Steve with an overwhelming sense of relief.
Steve knew that a terrible fire being pinned on the Love Bandits would effectively end their Art Show for God. The media would have crucified them of course, but that was expected. The mainstream media were never going to be on the side of “We  You.” It just wasn’t in them. But support with the public would have waned as well. Regular, everyday people just weren’t going to turn out to support arsonists.
“Do you think the network will run with the story?” asked Laura as she came over to stand close to Steve.
“I don’t think so. I wouldn’t, not yet anyway,” answered Steve seriously as he considered the potentially nuclear-sized impact of the story.
He knew that all he had currently was an uncorroborated story from two men who looked and sounded like they had spent the afternoon stoking coal fires in the engine room of a steamship from yesteryear while talking conspiracy theories to while away the time. He was going to need more for the network to feel comfortable about running a blockbuster story about possible high-level corruption and federal crimes emanating from within the Department of Homeland Security.
“We’ll work on it on the side and follow up with any leads we can find in order to see if there might be a little more meat on the bones of the story. Sound ok?” asked Steve of Laura as he took her hand in his and looked into her eyes.
“Sounds perfect,” answered Laura, telling Steve with her return gaze that she appreciated him including her in the decision-making process and that she loved making decisions together.
“Hey, you guys ok?” asked a young paramedic from the fire department as he approached their position at the base of the small hill.
“We’re fine, thanks,” replied Steve. “But you might want to take a look at our friends here. It looks like they might have some fairly nasty burns, and they are likely suffering from at least a little mild smoke inhalation.”
“How goes the firefighting effort?” asked Steve a bit cautiously.
“Surprisingly well,” answered the young EMT as he attended to the burns of both Khalis and his elderly friend. “Usually these types of fires take down entire buildings in a matter of minutes. But it looks like we caught it early enough this time to limit most of the damage to just the basement.”
Relief washed through both Steve and Laura as they first looked at each other, and then up at the amazing Angel on the roof of the building.
“We Love You,” thought Steve – and then practically cried out with surprise as his cell phone began to buzz crazily in his pocket.
“Hello,” answered Steve hesitantly not recognizing the caller’s number but seeing it was a New York City area code.
“Is this Steve Rogers,” said an out-of-breath voice that Steve definitely did not recognize.
“Yes it is,” replied Steve in a fairly puzzled tone. “May I ask who is calling?”
“Steve, my name is Turner Drake, and I would like to give you a thousand dollars,” said the voice on the phone.
Steve began laughing and thumbed the phone over to speaker so that Laura could listen in with him.
“I’m afraid I’m not that kind of guy, but thank you for the offer Mr. Drake,” said Steve with a grin as he looked at Laura, unable to resist the opportunity for a little humor.
Turner Drake’s good-natured and infectious laughter could be heard at least 10 feet away from Steve’s phone, and now the entire group, including its newest “toasty” members who were once again enjoying some of Steve’s bottled water, turned to listen to the conversation.
“I’m afraid you don’t understand,” continued Turner. “I am an art collector and gallery owner in New York City and I would like you to assist me in securing that marvelous, amazing Angel on top of the building next to where you are currently standing. I have already acquired the previous piece in this collection, the Roller Coaster from Lincoln, and I simply have to keep the collection fully intact by uniting this magnificent Angel with its sibling .”
“Well, Mr. Drake,” answered Steve, already liking Turner Drake because of his ability to laugh heartily and unabashedly. “I cannot accept your money, but I might be able to offer you a ‘solid’ as a fellow New Yorker.”
“Ah, you live in the city as well then? Fantastic. If you will assist me in acquiring the piece, Steve, I would love to at least treat you to a marvelous slice of cheese pizza over at Gino’s in the Bronx followed by an afternoon in a box seat at Yankee Stadium. I will even throw in lifetime passes to all of my galleries and guaranteed VIP passes to the various openings and events I hold in the city throughout the year.”
“Do we have a deal?”
Steve looked at Laura who just smiled and shrugged with a “sure, why not, sounds like a fun way to spend the rest of the morning” expression. Steve was pretty sure that acquiring the piece for Mr. Drake wouldn’t be too difficult. After all, he knew the owner. And he thought it sounded like a wonderful idea to preserve the artwork of Batman and Robin as an art collection of some kind.
Steve decided to take Turner Drake up on his offer. If nothing else, he knew Laura would enjoy getting dressed up and attending some of the art events that Turner was offering. And he would greatly enjoy going with her.
“Ok, Mr. Drake. I’m your man.”
“And by the way, thank you for making me feel a little like Ethan Hunt from ‘Mission Impossible’,” continued Steve with a smile. “Please tell me what you would like me to do.”
“Your mission, Steve, should you choose to accept it...” began Turner Drake in a secretive, conspiratorial tone as he played along with Steve’s “Mission Impossible” theme.
Steve laughed, Laura giggled; both smiled, glad for the emotional release after narrowly escaping the potential disaster of the fire. They could tell already that they were going to become fast friends with Turner Drake, the New York City art collector who doubled as a Mission Impossible field commander.

Chapter 47

Cindy Aames sat drinking her favorite blend of vanilla and Chamomile tea in the breakfast nook of her kitchen, small prayers for guidance and grace periodically escaping her lips and the confines of her silence.  She gazed thoughtfully out the bay window that framed and illuminated her special place in the house, trying her best to absorb and revel in the amazing beauty of the sunrise that was just beginning to paint the Phoenix sky with vibrant hues of sherbet orange and coral pink.
Sitting in her suburban sanctuary; drinking tea, and thinking about anything and everything was a ritual of relaxation and renewal that Cindy tried to practice daily. She had to get up early to have this time to herself, but it was almost always worth it. Today was no exception, although the tears that had fallen on her porcelain saucer to mix saltily with the vanilla-flavored tea were evidence that today’s quality time had been mixed with a fair amount of anguish and sorrow.
Cindy usually got up about a half hour before dawn to enjoy both a cup of restorative tea and either the subdued or outrageous beauty of a desert sunrise. Like the desert itself, sunrises over the southwest usually seemed to deal in extremes. Sometimes the sunrise would be crystal clear, bursting with color that was so vibrant it was like a paintbrush had been applied directly to the sky. At other times a dull haze would simply wash out the horizon, so much so that even a weak pastel seemed to be out of the question. For her part, Cindy liked every sunrise. She thought each day’s dawn had unique characteristics and nuances that belonged to that day alone, which simply made them all special.
“Today’s sunrise looks to be a tale of sorrow, of dreams never fully realized, of human realities always getting in the way,” thought Cindy somewhat despondently as she sipped her drink and noticed that her hands were trembling slightly, spilling more drops of vanilla-flavored tea onto the prettily painted saucer that sat daintily below her cup.
The heat and aroma of the tea would normally have made Cindy feel invigorated and genuinely alive. Today she wasn’t sure she was going to be able to muster much more than half dead.
Cindy looked at the clock and realized she had been sitting in her breakfast nook for almost three hours. She had been thinking and praying since just before 3 a.m. After tossing and turning the entire night, beset by sometimes horrific and terrible dreams, Cindy had finally given up on sleep for what she hoped was going to be the comfort of her special place. Thus far, however, she had found little peace in her solitude.
“How did I get here?” was the question Cindy kept asking herself.
She was 39. She had been married for 17 years. She had three children. And now she was pregnant with a fourth child, the child of another man. A man she loved completely and totally, with the very core of her being, but still a man other than her husband.
“Not exactly the height of social convention,” thought Cindy as she continued to sip her tea distractedly, gazing out at the increasingly colorful sky.
It was likely completely clichéd to say so, but she really hadn’t meant for the affair to happen. She thought perhaps few probably did.
In what now seemed like a flash of pure fate, Cindy had been reconnected after 17 years with the man she felt she had been destined to be with all along – the man she had originally intended to marry. He had simply called her one day to tell her he had been thinking of her, he missed her, and he would always love her. Cindy had sobbed uncontrollably after less than a minute of hearing his voice.
“Peter,” thought Cindy as a fresh tear fell from her eye, adding another dash of salt to the droplets of stray tea and tears that already dotted her saucer.
Cindy remembered fondly their passionate and torrid love affair all those years ago, how they had fallen in love almost immediately upon first meeting, how they had quickly become engaged, how they had loved each other so completely and totally – without question, without reservation.
And then one night at a party had changed Cindy’s life forever. A small fight with Peter over something she couldn’t even remember, followed by too many adult beverages and too many youthful hormones, and she had ended up pregnant and eventually married to someone she didn’t love. Someone decent, but still someone she could never really love, at least not in the way she would always love Peter.
She remembered how Peter had come to her and begged her to be with him anyway – despite her pregnancy by another man. How he had pleaded that it couldn’t be wrong for them to be together if they loved each other. She remembered the gallant tone in his voice and the noble, caring look on his face as he had explained that they could still be together and raise her child as their own. But Cindy had wanted to do the “right” thing, in accordance with the accepted social mores of the time. She had felt compelled as well, to bend her will to the thoughts, wishes and beliefs of her father, a man who seemed to symbolize and represent the social mores and ethical conventions of the time.
Cindy could still hear the voice of her father ringing in her ears as she had made her seminal decision.
“If you make a mistake, you own up to it and do what you can to make it right. Simple as that.”
“The only problem is that my decision couldn’t have been more wrong or less simple,” thought Cindy.
She knew keeping the baby had definitely been the right thing to do. She loved all of her children dearly and couldn’t imagine a life without them. But her marriage was loveless. She and her husband were at best distant friends, perhaps only acquaintances. She had entered a marriage without love and had endured 17 years of at-best tepid happiness and lukewarm affection. The lack of a foundational love in her marriage had also led to constant strife. In the end, the entire experience had left her feeling like an emotional zombie who was so scarred and “dead” inside she worried she could no longer feel anything at all.
Cindy had analyzed the strife in her life and marriage over and over again. The almost-daily disagreements, the untoward and unkind comments, the thoughtlessness instead of thoughtfulness, it all added up to a lifetime of unhappiness that could not be fixed without an infusion of pure love – something she could never have with her current husband because it had never really been there to begin with.
It seemed to Cindy that it was the small conflicts and challenges of day-to-day life that always brought forth the “Destroyer,” especially for those unlucky enough to be caught out in the open, without a shield of unqualified love to protect them. Cindy pictured the “Destroyer” of people and their worlds as a bayonet-wielding monster whose sole purpose in the universe was to drive a stake through the heart of his eternal foes – peace and love. Without a foundation of genuine love and a shield of unqualified affection upon which a marriage and a family could be built, any marriage or relationship was subject to the Destroyer, potentially suffering ongoing discord and disharmony until over time, it simply floundered, crushed under the weight of the Destroyer and his army of eternal oppression, an army known to us all as everyday life.
Cindy knew her marriage had never had that foundation of love. She also knew that genuine love, the type of foundational love upon which lasting lives and families could really be built, had been there all along with Peter, and she had made a dire mistake all those years ago in letting it slip away. She knew that she had loved Peter then. She knew that she loved him now.
Cindy sighed as she remembered how different things had been with Peter. The small challenges of day-to-day life had always been met with more, not less, love. The hardships inherent in getting up every day and just living had not beaten them down or pitted them against each other. Instead, their love had seemed to grow, not falter, with every new challenge, hardship, or difficulty they had faced in their lives together. No matter what, somehow they had ended up supporting – and loving – each other.
Now she had a second chance at a life of real love with the man she had been meant for all along. Since connecting with her again, Peter had told Cindy that he did not want to just have an affair with her. Cindy’s heart soared as she remembered how Peter had held her and explained to her that he still wanted to be with her – forever. He had told her how he had never gotten over her and had merely been going through the motions of life, especially where love was concerned. He wanted her then. He wanted her now. He wanted them to be together forever.
Cindy wasn’t sure, however. She had so many questions and fears and concerns. She felt like not only her head, but also her soul, was spinning. She wanted to be with Peter. She wanted desperately to have a child with him, but the sometimes crushing demands of social convention still seemed to hold her in their vice-like grip, and the tradition-laden voice of her father continued to echo in her head as well. She was afraid those forces, those voices, of tradition and convention would conspire to brand her mercilessly, tattooing the word “shame” on her emotional well being for all eternity if she did find a way to finally be with Peter.
And there was something to be said for convention after all, wasn’t there? She was married after all. She and her husband had friends and family ties, and a completely full, if not completely fulfilling, life together. They had children who Cindy loved dearly and never wanted to leave. How could she possibly think that she could just run off with a man she hadn’t seen in 17 years and have a child with him? Did things like that really happen? Wasn’t that more like a story out of a movie than something that occurred in real life?
Cindy knew there would likely be no fairy-tale ending to her story. Her current husband would not “understand.” If he found out about her condition or her relationship with Peter, he would leave her and destroy their family in the process. She knew the children she loved so dearly would be hurt badly in the upheaval. Yet she was already pregnant, she couldn’t exactly take it back. She felt completely trapped, like she had already been found guilty and sentenced – and there would be no reprieve.
Cindy put her face in her hands, trying to perhaps hide from the truth, from reality, if just for a moment. It felt like all the negative thoughts and emotions in the world were coalescing around her, piling up on her, burying her in feelings of guilt, wrongdoing and shame. It was a tower of anguish anchored between her shoulder blades that just kept on growing, getting taller and taller, and heavier and heavier, until Cindy felt as though she were bearing not just a child, but the weight of the entire world as well.
Three days ago things had come to a head. After yet another sleepless night, in a fit of what some might have called clarity and some might have called confusion, Cindy had arisen in the morning and had picked up the phone to make an appointment at a local Planned Parenthood abortion mill.
“The ‘Big A’. Abortion,” Cindy remembered thinking at the time as she had scheduled her “consultation.” The thought of it made her sick to her stomach. She was horrified at herself for even considering it. But wasn’t that the only way to save her marriage and her family, to save her life? Wasn’t it the right thing to do?
“God, can you help me?” asked Cindy quietly, lifting her eyes to the sky outside her window as she started to cry quietly again. The thought of destroying the child that she and Peter and God had created together made her heart feel like it was being repeatedly torn asunder.
But perhaps it was for the best. Perhaps she could save the life she had now as well as satisfy the voices of convention and condemnation with just one small procedure. She knew that she could abort the child within her and no one would be the wiser. She hadn’t even told Peter about their child yet. It would be nice and clean. No regrets. No worries. No shame. No one would have to know. It was the perfect choice. It was the right thing to do.
It was awful.
It wasn’t their baby’s fault after all that she had been created as a result of an “illicit affair.” And Cindy loved her newest child with all her heart already. The life within her was already beginning to move, letting her know she was eager to join her mother in the world.
Cindy wished again that she hadn’t made the mistake of breaking up with Peter all those years ago. She wanted him back. She wanted all those years back. She wanted her life back. Cindy saw that her hand was trembling to an even greater degree now and she was in danger of spilling more than just a few drops of tea. She placed her cup back on its white saucer before she had an accident of the vanilla and Chamomile kind. Cindy closed her eyes as a single tear fell directly into her tea with a small splash, adding a bit of her soul to the mellow blend of vanilla and Chamomile.
“In the eyes of God and this child within me, love is the only thing that led to her creation,” thought Cindy. “And there is nothing illicit about real love.”
Cindy knew she wanted to have a child with Peter, and perhaps finally live a life of promise with her one true love. But the voices of condemnation and shame continued to assail her, and she wasn’t sure she was strong enough to rebel against them. She had intentionally left herself a “decision-making window,” however, when she had scheduled her appointment at the clinic. She knew she would have at least a few days to think about things and contemplate her potentially very-complex future.
As far as Cindy could see, she simply had no good choices. She could destroy her family, or she could destroy her and Peter’s child. How could she possibly make a decision like that?
“Will you help me God?” asked Cindy again as she prayed quietly for assistance.
As Cindy opened her eyes once more to the sunrise, she saw shiny red hearts floating everywhere, like bubbles of love spilling forth into the morning sky.
“Balloons?!” thought Cindy with amazement as she sat upright quickly, jarring her cup of tea, almost knocking it completely over.
There were literally hundreds of red, heart-shaped balloons floating through her neighborhood. Cindy got up and stood close to her big bay window, almost pressing her nose to the glass in order to try and get a better view. The glass fogged slightly with the warmth of her breath as she gazed incredulously at the site of the balloons sailing along whimsically on the morning breeze. She broke out into a genuine smile for the first time in weeks as she watched the balloons swoop and soar amidst the homes and yards of her neighbors.
“They look so carefree,” thought Cindy.
Cindy looked up just in time to see two of the balloons swoop downward and pause directly in front of her bay window, as though held in place for a few moments by an invisible hand. Cindy saw that one had an amazing illustration of a baby holding onto the finger of a gentle and caring hand with the words “The Promise” written underneath the picture. The other balloon had a large pink heart on its face with the words “We  You” written in pink script in the middle of the heart.
Cindy stared in amazement, unspeaking, unsure what to think of the spectacle.
And then the balloons were swept away to once again rejoin the rest of the flock in soaring on the morning breeze.
“The Promise,” thought Cindy. “We Love You.”
She hurried into the living room and turned on the TV to see what was going on in her city.
“... are at the Phoenix Health Research facility where something pretty spectacular is clearly taking place this morning,” said the local Phoenix news anchor on Cindy’s aging Sony television.
“An Angel?” thought Cindy as the camera panned to the top of a building to display a truly magnificent sculpture.
Cindy saw the now-familiar words “We  You” spelled out gigantically in between the Angel’s fully extended wings. She found herself truly fascinated by the work of art, her favorite part being the way the Angel was holding a baby while looking skyward.
“Like she is thanking God for her beautiful gift,” thought Cindy as she watched the camera zoom in on a little girl who had one of the “We  You” balloons tied securely to her wrist.
In that moment Cindy knew what she was going to do. It was what she had wanted to do all along. It was finally time to just plant her feet firmly and confess her decision out loud for the whole world to hear.
“I choose a lifetime of love for myself and for this child that lives within me,” said Cindy unflinchingly. “No more compromises where love is concerned. No more choosing the ‘reason’ of man over the guidance of God. Two sins will never make things right. I choose my baby, and I choose to live in love.”
Cindy knew things would not be easy. Life never was.
“All the more reason to simply pursue love – wherever and whenever possible,” thought Cindy with new-found clarity.
Cindy’s heart suddenly soared like it had finally been freed. She knew she was going to have the courage to at last live the life that had been intended for her, reveling in the love meant for her, the love that had been promised to her all along. And she was going to do so with her beloved children at her side – all of them.
The voices of shame and societal convention would just have to stand in judgment of someone else, because Cindy simply wasn’t going to present herself for their review any longer.
“I will never leave you; I will protect you with my life,” intoned Cindy solemnly and resolutely as she placed her hand gently upon her tummy, feeling as she did so like she was reciting the “Baby Pledge of Allegiance.” 
She realized it was the first time she had mentally and physically embraced the blessing she had received. She smiled, her tears drying on her cheeks, as she realized it was the first of many embraces she had in store for her new child.

Chapter 48

“What do you mean there’s no one here!” screamed Allan Elliott into his Bluetooth headset as small flecks of spittle flew from his mouth, his rather paunchy, flaccid jowls seemingly applauding his ire.
“David, there has to be someone here! Find someone! Anyone!!! Grab a hick neighbor with a gun collection, or get some kid from the poli-sci department at the local community college and put a pipe bomb in his hand. Do whatever is necessary! There has to be someone here for us to arrest!” yelled Allan as he kicked angrily at a lone daisy that was protruding optimistically from the well-kept grass upon which he was standing. “We have the media on stand by and they expect us to deliver!!!”
Allan hung up and angrily spit in the direction of the daisy.
“This can’t be happening,” thought Allan as he fumed with a blistering anger that threatened to burn away his practiced countenance of insouciant calm.
In addition to the anger that felt intense enough to boil the skin from his body, Allan could sense extreme frustration welling up inside of him. It made his ears and toes tingle uncomfortably with pinpricks of impatience. It made him want to literally rip the eyeballs from his head and throw them at someone as he paced back and forth in front of the little seaside cottage in which Dr. Miles Trebuchet and Bruce Badeau had stayed while building their “Angel” and “Roller Coaster” sculptures.
Allan didn’t like it when plans went astray. It was a potential indictment of his superior intelligence and intellect. His best-laid plans simply didn’t go astray – not unless someone else mucked them up.
“David…” growled Allan menacingly, finding comfort in zeroing in on a target for his ire.
He was in trouble if the raid he was currently conducting didn’t go well in terms of netting some tangible results. There were already rumblings coming from some of his bureaucratic competitors that he wasn’t getting results quickly enough.
He needed a head to hang his hat on.
The Phoenix operation had actually gone fairly well, if not exactly in the way he had intended. The operation had at least resulted in the appropriate effect, although he had been a bit disappointed that nobody had perished as a result of the fire. The death of innocents always helped lift the dramatic effect in general.
As expected, the media had focused from the get go on the fire, and who could have perpetrated such a blatant terroristic act. They had pretty much ignored the ridiculously ugly Angle sculpture, and with a little help from Allan, the well-timed blaze had been pinned squarely on the foreheads of America’s newest homegrown terrorists – Dr. Miles Trebuchet and his nefarious compatriot Mr. Bruce Badeau. It didn’t really matter if it was true or not. It was simply too good a story for the mainstream media not to run with it, especially given that their information was coming from “reliable” government sources. He was confident the media frenzy now surrounding the story would propel his career to new, even loftier heights once he solved the case while squarely in the mote of the public eye.
“Roll cameras, I’m about to make the big time,” thought Allan with a self-indulgent leer.
He could almost feel his bank account and “Beltway Insider” prestige swelling as he envisioned the magnificent corner office with a spectacular view that would soon be his. Allan could already see the tasteful artwork on the walls of his new office and feel the ergonomically correct chair that would be his once he brought America’s two newest “Most Wanted” to justice in a very public manner.
“But not if I don’t get some results out of this raid today,” growled Allan as he reflected on his master plan and considered how much longer he might really be able to stretch the investigation out in order to continue to build the story into something that was so colossal he might actually become something akin to a “media god.” He knew that the bigger the story got, the bigger his payoff would be in the end, an end that would consist of a marvelous conclusion where he would stand before the world and declare himself its savior.
“Just doing my part to protect America and all mankind from the terrorist threat,” thought Allan as he pictured himself at the forefront of a large and raucous press conference announcing the capture of the “Love Bandits” to the world.
Unfortunately, his “superiors” didn’t particularly care about his career path, and they certainly weren’t concerned with his ability to acquire a ticket to the Land of Everything. From their perspective, Allan was simply on the verge of botching the entire operation. He should have already collared America’s newest terrorists, certainly before recent events at the clinic in Phoenix.
“Morons,” thought Allan as he mentally spat at his so-called superiors. They would never be intelligent enough, or courageous enough, to reach the “Land of Everything.”
Still, it was a balancing act and charade that Allan needed to maintain – at least for the time being. His bosses benefited from the case being solved as quickly as possible. That would be good for their careers. Allan, however, was better served by hyping the story over time, drawing it out as he orchestrated a media frenzy, only to bring things to a crescendo as he eventually solved the case – while standing squarely at the center of the media spotlight. That was how you built a career in Washington.
Allan grimaced as he thought about how the Director of DHS, the big man himself, had called him back to Washington after the “Phoenix debacle” to read him the proverbial “riot act.” He had screamed at Allan for over an hour.
“With all the resources currently at your disposal, you can’t catch a couple of amateur artists!?” the Director had railed while waving his hands about him as he was prone to do when in a rage about something. “You should have caught them well before they had a chance to make us look like fools again Allan!”
“If I had caught them beforehand, the media wouldn’t have gone into the ‘OJ-style frenzy’ that I need them to be in for me to become a household name and parlay that fame into becoming your boss,” thought Allan as he remembered the words he had been dying to spit back at his “superior.” He had, of course, said nothing, instead dutifully nodding his head as acknowledgement of his understanding, all the while fantasizing about shooting his boss squarely in the forehead.
Allan had been able to “save the day” so to speak, staving off his ouster by assuring the Director and his other “superiors” that he would be making arrests and closing out the investigation in very short order, and the results would be dramatic enough to make them all look good.
Unfortunately, the intelligence Allan had been given had turned out to be faulty. Dr. Miles Trebuchet and Bruce Badeau had thrown the proverbial wrench into his works by not returning to their Oregon cottage as expected, and now he was in a bit of a pickle. It was good that the story was continuing to build in both prestige and presence with the media, but Allan knew he couldn’t stretch things out much longer. He needed to find his terrorists – quickly.
“Where are they!?” agonized Allan for perhaps the hundredth time in the past hour. As much as he hated to do it, Allan knew that the way things stood now he was likely going to have to call his Senator father in order to get some help in placating his “superiors.” This “failure” was going to cost him.
“Superiors,” that’s rich, thought Allan as he considered how ridiculous it was calling the men and women who currently gave him orders his “superiors.” He knew the tables would soon be turned and all the incompetent, sniveling morons who weren’t even worthy of speaking to him would before long be begging to lick his boots as they tried desperately to curry his favor.
“Weaklings and cowards,” thought Allan as a bitter, bilious taste suddenly rose in his throat, tickling his nostrils with the faint scent of human decay. The smell made Allan inhale deeply.
“They don’t even have the sense or courage to reach out and take what should be theirs,” thought Allan as he licked his lips a little. “They don’t deserve to be powerful.”
“I swear to never suffer from such pedestrian morality,” promised Allan, not for the first time, as he thought about the various ways that he might be able to turn the current situation to his advantage.
Yes, he was in serious trouble if he didn’t arrest somebody. But it didn’t really matter who he took into custody, he just needed to put someone, anyone in handcuffs and have them do a “perp walk” for the assembled multitude of media. If he failed to provide the media sharks with their supper, it was likely even his Senator father wouldn’t be able to save him from a fate he considered worse than death – the inability to ever take up residence in the the “Land of Everything.”
Allan knew from personal experience that if he couldn’t provide the media with a story, they would simply create their own, which would likely involve various takes on how he, the  Assistant Director of Strategic Operations for Homeland Security, was failing in his attempt to capture the two most famous and dangerous terrorists currently plaguing the homeland.
“I need a ‘bad guy’ for the media to focus on, and I need someone now,” thought Allan as he spied a small bunch of pretty little purple flowers attempting to spring forth from a crack in the aged concrete of the driveway. Allan unthinkingly frowned at the splash of color as he continued to pace across the yard.
Allan suddenly had a thought as he paced back and forth. He remembered something from when he had first been in the cottage’s outdoor workshop earlier in the morning. He quickly tapped his headset and growled the words “Call David” as he voice-dialed his assistant.
“God, I hate voice mail,” thought Allan as he frowned hard at hearing David’s standard greeting in his ear.
“David, wherever you are, meet me out back at the entrance to the workshop,” said Allan slowly and menacingly as he walked over to the little purple flowers and intentionally ground them into the driveway with the heel of his treasured Gucci loafers.
Feeling better, Allan walked around to the back of the cottage, then strode purposefully across the yard to the main door of the workshop. David was there waiting for him, his bowed head and cowed expression of servitude and regret making Allan feel at least a little better.
“You know how I feel about voicemail, David,” spat Allan, wanting to make sure once more that David fully understood his place. 
Allan threw the door to the workshop open and kicked a tarp aside as he entered. The various tools he had noticed earlier were still standing against one of the far walls.
“Why do you think they didn’t take their shovel, pick, ax and other tools with them when they took pretty much everything else?” asked Allan as he pointed at the implements along the far wall, staring intently at David.
David said nothing, knowing that Allan preferred to either ask rhetorical questions or answer them himself.
“I’ll tell you why,” continued Allan. “Because the tools don’t belong to them.”
David felt like saying “so,” but knew better. Instead, he just nodded in mock understanding and agreement.
“David, you have no idea what I am getting at or talking about do you?” asked Allan.
 David smiled impishly and shrugged his shoulders as he cast his eyes downward.
“Pathetic,” thought Allan as he stared with disdain and simmering contempt for his longtime assistant and companion.
“I am willing to bet that these rather dangerous, nefarious looking terrorist implements that were clearly used to help construct pieces of ‘Information Terrorism’ were borrowed and belong to one of the terrorist co-conspirators living in this very neighborhood,” said Allan with a crooked grin that was completely devoid of any mirth.
Allan sneered with an evil sense of satisfaction as David’s head came up and he saw a look of understanding in his assistant’s eyes.
Less than an hour later, Allan Elliott had his terrorist co-conspirator in custody. He was a middle-aged man with neat, closely cropped hair and a “W” bumper sticker on the back of his Ford pickup truck. The look of fear and confusion on the man’s face told the world that he had no idea how loaning the new neighbors some tools and garden implements that he had purchased at the local Ace Hardware could get him into the kind of trouble he was currently facing.
Allan looked at the man as he stood with his hands handcuffed behind his back and thought the man was likely someone who had played by the rules his entire life.
“Sucker. Weakling. Coward,” thought Allan as he looked at the pathetic fool with nothing but utter contempt.
Allan felt like spitting on him.
“‘Club Gitmo’ in Guantanamo for that deserving soul,” thought Allan with relish as he personally grabbed the now-weeping man from behind and led him forcefully through the rolling cameras and flashing bulbs of the “perp walk” towards a waiting Department of Homeland Security vehicle.
Allan put on his most serious, confident face for the cameras as they walked. He knew that it didn’t matter if the pathetic fool in front of him was released without being charged in the next 24 hours. The imagery he was creating would last forever. There wasn’t a retraction in the world that would ever be able to subtract the image of him arresting a dangerous “terrorist” from the public consciousness and psyche. He would likely still need some of his father’s influence applied strategically in order to smooth things over completely, but he was positive that he now had enough to at least be able to maintain his lead position on the case. He also knew, however, that he needed to locate Dr. Trebuchet and Monsieur Badeau, and he needed to do so quickly.
“Both of whom will pay dearly for this slight,” thought Allan grimly as he handed off his terrorist co-conspirator to some waiting DHS personnel so that they could also participate in the glory capture. Allan then faded into the background, pulling David aside with him as FBI personnel proceeded to load America’s newest “terrorist” into the back of one of their black suburbans.
“Well, that was fun, but it’s time to move on,” sneered Allan. “David, do we have anything to go on in order to locate our primary targets?”
“We do have one thing that is interesting that just came in as a result of a wide-band data analysis that was being conducted,” answered David, now sounding somewhat reassuringly hopeful. “We were checking all outbound calls in the last 12 months made by either Dr. Trebuchet or Mr. Badeau and we came across one very-interesting number.”
Allan just stared at David with building rage, his paunchy face turning slightly purple, as David paused for dramatic effect.
“Well!?” demanded Allan, unsure whether he wanted to continue to wait for David or just kill him by driving a screwdriver mercilessly into his right ear.
“The number belongs to the cell phone of Steve Rogers.”
Allan just stared, finding himself completely dumbstruck by David’s statement.
“The rising star of ABC News and Good Morning America?” asked Allan excitedly as he regained his composure.
“Bingo,” said David with a hesitant smile, looking downward again in order to demonstrate to his boss that he still understood his place.
“Oh, David, I could kiss you,” exclaimed Allan as he leered grotesquely in another horribly failed attempt to smile.
“I believe Mr. Rogers and I are going to become very good friends very soon,” said Allan, smirking with satisfaction as he patted David somewhat roughly on the back, a smörgåsbord of new, delicious possibilities dancing in his head.

Chapter 49

Miles and Bruce sat quietly with Immanuel on the aged, wooden floor of the pier-side warehouse that Miles had rented along the edge of San Francisco Bay. All three compatriots were munching away on bags of buttered popcorn while watching a news special about their recent “Phoenix Angel” event.
Miles thought the popcorn just didn’t taste the same as it had when they had snacked happily while watching coverage of the roller-coaster show they had conducted in Lincoln. Things seemed more real now, more serious somehow. It felt to Miles they had awakened something, and they were now being watched, like some of the more nefarious forces in the universe had sat up and taken notice of their mission. He had the feeling there was an almost tangible stain rising up in their world, reaching out for them with a rotting bitterness that was born of decay. It was a taint that seemed to be trying to invade every aspect of their lives as it probed and pervaded their dreams, their conversations, even their popcorn.
“It is truly a blessing that nobody got hurt in that fire,” said Miles with more than a hint of relief in his voice as he leaned on the driftwood handle of his walking cane. “That Khalis Kemen and his janitor friend who Steve told us about could have been killed.”
“Sometimes I wonder if I’m not endangering others for purely selfish reasons.”
“Miles, none of that was your fault, that fire was set by someone intentionally,” said Bruce as he turned and looked up at his friend with compassion. “And at least we were able to stop it before it could harm anyone or do any significant damage to property in the area.”
“But would the fire have happened at all if we weren’t on this mission to put on an Art Show for God?” asked Miles seriously as he paced around the warehouse floor, obviously struggling with matters that concerned him greatly. “Clearly that fire was set intentionally, and we know we didn’t do it, which means there is someone out there who will to go to any extreme to try and turn the public against us, to try and stop us.”
“I want to help Catherine with all my heart, but I don’t want to hurt anyone in the process,” agonized Miles as he bowed his head guiltily.
As much as he wanted to avoid facing up to it, if Miles were going to be intellectually honest with himself, then he had to admit that others with an agenda of their own simply wouldn’t be setting fires that endangered innocent people if he and Bruce weren’t providing a “reason” for their mischief by putting on their Art Show for God. It was absolutely clear from media reports that the fire at the his Phoenix clinic had been intentionally set. And they knew they hadn’t done it. Which meant someone else, someone with an agenda very different from their own, had thought sparking a potentially deadly blaze in an area where there would be children had been an absolutely fab idea. It was clear that someone or something nefarious was onto them and had known about their plans for Phoenix. How could he be sure the forces of darkness and evil wouldn’t cook up something even worse than a fire for their next event?
“Miles, what we are doing is a positive thing, irrespective of our desire to help Catherine. We are on the side of love here, and there will always be bad people with their own agenda who are going to do bad things,” said Bruce seriously as he spoke directly to his friend.
“It is a huge cliché,” continued Bruce, “but God really does work in mysterious ways. People will make their own decisions and choices. It’s called free will, and it’s a big part of God’s plan for the world. He didn’t create us to be worshiping robots. He created us with enough intellect and wisdom to discern truth so that we can choose the path of God and love. But it is a choice, and there will always be those who choose an alternate path, one mired in the fading light of fall, a path strewn with endlessly burning campfires and dead leaves.”
“If we follow what we know to be God’s will for our own lives, then we have done our part. The best we can hope for after all is to know God’s will for our lives individually. We can never know or understand all of the various manifestations of that will as it pertains to other people and the world as a whole. We need to just have faith that God is in charge and knows what he is doing. We need to trust in God and his ultimately insightful plan for both our lives and the universe.”
“But is our message even getting through to anyone and doing any good, or is it being lost amidst the ‘clutter’ of outside interests that are starting to surround and invade the spirit of our exhibitions?” asked Miles, his voice rising in pitch and starting to crack slightly as emotion began to creep in at the edges. “I don’t see how our message can be effective or meaningful for the world when we are now known as just a couple of very-dangerous ‘terrorists’ who maliciously burn down buildings and hurt people.”
“Perhaps our message of love isn’t meant for everyone,” answered Bruce, trying to calm and reassure his friend. “Maybe all our efforts will lead to a lone individual, just one single person, being affected in a positive way by our message. We might just save a baby from those who would destroy her.”
“Is helping just one child enough for our message to be meaningful and worthwhile?” asked Bruce while staring intently at Miles. “Even if we have to be savaged by the media and watch our reputations and lives being ruined by baseless accusations of arson and ‘terrorism’?”
“Is it worth it?”
Miles paused and looked down quietly for a few moments as he pondered Bruce’s question. He thought about those in the world who might have lost sight of the concept of love and the promise of life and who might benefit from a peaceful reminder. He thought about the incredible tower he had visited with Ashley that had been filled with cherubic, infant souls waiting to be born into an often uncaring and hostile world. He thought about his beloved Catherine, still sitting on that patch of hardwood floor, staring straight ahead, waiting for him to rescue her.
“Yes,” replied Miles.
“Then we just need to continue along the path upon which we feel God is leading us and have faith in the rest,” continued Bruce. “We need to remember that spreading a message of peace and love to the world is really everyone’s mission and will always be a project that meets with God’s approval.”
“I will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go; I will counsel you and watch over you,” quoted Bruce from the Bible as he reached over and affectionately fluffed some of the fur on the head of the DoBernard, generating one of the canine’s trademark crooked grins.
“Thank you Bruce,” said Miles as he stopped pacing and quietly walked over to the large wooden doors that opened up almost directly onto the waters of San Francisco Bay.
“You are a true friend, Bruce, and I am grateful that I have both you and Immanuel with me,” said Miles as he swung the large wooden doors before him all the way open, almost gasping involuntarily at the incredible view that greeted him.
Miles drew in a deep, restorative breath of pure ocean air as he gazed out at San Francisco Bay and the surrounding hillsides stretching majestically before him. From his vantage point, the Bay was surrounded on three sides by tall, green hills that were covered with picturesque little houses which were typical of the architectural style for San Francisco abodes. It looked to Miles like a gigantic natural amphitheater where the ocean was the stage, the natural elements of beauty were the actors, and the view itself was the show.   
“That is something I will never get tired of seeing,” thought Miles as he watched a flock of seabirds pass overhead gracefully. “I’m not quite sure how I never saw the hand of God in any of this before.”
“Please give me the strength I need to persevere and help me to understand your will, Christ be with me in all that I say, in all that I do,” prayed Miles silently as he took in the amazing view, reaching out with his mind and spirit in seeking renewal.
“Bruce, when I die, promise me you will see to it that I am buried on a hill somewhere in San Francisco where I will be able to see this view forever,” quipped Miles as he marveled at the truly incredible beauty of the scenic vista that was laid out before him.
“But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you,” answered Bruce with a grin.
“Is that a ‘yes’, a ‘no’, or a veiled reminder that I should always look to God first for my wishes and needs?” inquired Miles as he looked back over his shoulder at his friend who was now camped out comfortably on one of the four used couches they had acquired in order to furnish their “luxury” pier-side apartment.
Bruce merely shrugged noncommittally and smiled his best “who me?” expression while the DoBernard joined in on the fun by providing a a couple of tail wags and another crooked smile of his own.
I should have known I wouldn’t get a straight answer – from either of you,” replied Miles as he smiled back at the two individuals who had become more than just friends to him.
“‘Lifemates’ really,” thought Miles as he felt a powerful wave of affection for Bruce and Immanuel sweep through him, almost bringing him to tears.
Miles thought about what a good friend Bruce had turned out to be, the DoBernard too once he had decided that his mission was to befriend and protect Miles – not enjoy him as an appetizer or main course.
Miles suddenly found himself considering the last email he had received from Steve Rogers in which Steve had outlined and summarized he and Laura’s findings regarding the status of Bruce’s long-lost love Wenona. Miles desperately wanted to tell Bruce what Steve had discovered, that Wenona was a mother of two lovely children aged 13 and 15, that she had a rewarding job as a nurse in a very nice, Good Samaritan hospital, and that she had managed to find a way out of an unhappy marriage. But he just wasn’t sure. Every time he started to inform Bruce about Steve’s findings, something seemed to give him pause, to hold him back. Miles was beginning to think that perhaps it would be better if he didn’t try and catch Bruce up on Wenona’s life with some sort of awkward monologue, that it might be more helpful if Bruce were just to see Wenona in person so they could potentially work things out for themselves – in their own way and in their own time.
Miles walked back inside the building and stood before the incredible caravel-style ship he and Bruce were building in the middle of the warehouse space. Miles gazed up at the 60-foot vessel as it rested on the track that would eventually launch the ship  directly from the warehouse into the Bay outside. Miles remembered starting just a few short months ago with the bare fiberglass hull that had been custom made for them as he looked fondly at the grand sailing vessel that now sat before him nearly complete.
“I can’t believe how far we have come,” said Miles, amazed that the ship was actually coming together and was genuinely starting to resemble the magnificent vessel he had seen sailing around the glittering lake of blue outside Catherine’s little yellow-and-green cottage in that strange netherworld where she now existed.
“I’m coming darling, very soon now,” thought Miles as he ran his hand along the bow of the ship and once again pictured his beloved wife sitting on that lonely little patch of hardwood as she waited unknowingly for him to rescue her.
Miles moved his hand lovingly along the ship’s hull as he walked towards the back of the vessel, feeling the smoothness of the sturdy fiberglass. He knew that Bruce likely joined him in considering this sculpture as their favorite project to date. Both men had quickly found that designing and building a piece of art that was a scale version of a caravel-style sailing vessel from the era of the mid-1600s that would actually float and sail was very hard work, but was also quite simply a lot of fun.
“The Catherine,” read Miles on the stern of the ship as he thought about how he and Bruce had set about their shipbuilding task with great enthusiasm and vigor.
The two men had quickly learned, however, that while building a caravel-style ship from the mid-1600s was a tremendous amount of fun, it was also a far-more difficult proposition than they might have previously considered. It was clear that the design and construction of “The Catherine” was going to be much harder and would require far more work than both of their previous efforts combined. Miles and Bruce had quickly realized that they were perhaps in a little over their heads, and they were anything but master shipbuilders. It was obvious they were going to need some expert assistance if their ship was ever going to be anything other than a very-large, very-fancy anchor.
Although both men had at least some experience with nautical traditions and ideas – Miles from youthful summers spent sailing with his family and Bruce from a family history of fascination with naval warfare and nautical engineering – neither man was ready to consider himself anything near being a “shipbuilder” of any real ability. Both men knew that their rather paltry nautical skills and knowledge simply were not going to be up to the task of constructing a caravel-style sailing vessel that could actually traverse the waters of San Francisco Bay successfully. They could certainly fashion an incredible-looking ship, probably one far more intriguing and beautiful in terms of stylistic representation than what might actually have existed back in the 1600s. Unfortunately, they also knew that their ship, although it would look fantastic, would likely simply tip over and sink very soon after being launched into any real body of water.
That’s when they had met Juan de Espronceda.
Juan was one of the “old hands” around the wharf and pier area where Miles and Bruce were constructing “The Catherine,” and they had met him soon after arriving at their warehouse abode next to the Bay. But they had no idea until a few weeks later, when Juan had come calling to share some coffee and chocolate croissants, that Juan was an accomplished shipbuilder and had been in the business of designing and constructing custom yachts sailboats for most of his adult life.
Miles and Bruce had been amazed and fascinated for more than two hours that morning as Juan had regaled them with croissants, coffee, and tales of shipbuilding for some of the wealthiest people in the world over the past 30 years. Juan’s stories were fascinating and funny, and both Miles and Bruce had found themselves genuinely enjoying their time with their new acquaintance. Miles and Bruce had found themselves liking Juan de Espronceda immediately.
The topic of what Miles and Bruce were building had inevitably come up as well. They were, after all, sitting in front of a 60-foot long fiberglass hull. Miles had proceeded to share as much with their new friend as he dared, without making Juan an unwitting accomplice to various misdemeanors and felonies for which Miles knew he and Bruce were already wanted.
“Like the Nina, the Pinta, and the Santa Maria of Christopher Columbus!” Juan had exclaimed excitedly as Miles had described how they were trying to build a scale version of a caravel-style sailing vessel that they could potentially sail via remote control.
“Well, we like to think of ourselves more as daring swashbucklers, so we were thinking more like a pirate ship, but yes, like Christopher Columbus’ ships as well,” Miles had said with a wink in response to Juan’s exclamation.
“Arrr!” Bruce had said while covering one of his eyes with his hand.
“Arrr!” replied Miles with a smile.
“Arrr!” Juan de Espronceda had exclaimed in his already very “pirate-esque” accent that had originated on the shores of Northern Spain as he had placed a chocolate croissant strategically over one eye.
The DoBernard had voiced his traditional canine assent as well, letting Miles and Bruce know that he too approved of adding Juan de Espronceda to their pirate crew.
“A pirate bond of friendship formed with chocolate croissants and coffee,” Miles had thought as he had looked at his friends, old and new, who were gathered around him.
Miles had then asked Juan de Espronceda if he would be interested in a job as their “Caravel Consultant” so that he could provide the expertise they needed in order to turn their sculpture into a genuine sailing vessel that could be operated by remote control as necessary.
Juan had thought about the offer for only a moment before placing another chocolate croissant over his eye and belting out an enthusiastic “Arrr!” to signify his acceptance. Juan de Espronceda had been helping Miles and Bruce construct “The Catherine” ever since.
“And thank God for him,” thought Miles as he considered how really futile he and Bruce’s efforts would have been without the expert assistance that Juan had provided. Miles knew that without Juan, “The Catherine” would likely never have come to be, and certainly would never have sailed adequately.
As Miles looked at the mostly complete vessel before him, he was amazed to find that he could actually picture “The Catherine” sailing the waters of San Francisco Bay, gracefully traversing the scenic area between the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, and the Bay Bridge. He knew that with Juan’s help, they had actually constructed a genuinely seaworthy vessel that could either be sailed “manually” or which could be guided via remote control from up to 10 miles away.
“Impressive isn’t it,” said Bruce who had come to stand beside Miles in order to admire their handiwork.
“I have to admit that I really like it, Bruce,” answered Miles. “It is so much like the ship I saw in my last vision with Catherine and Ashley. Even the fiberglass hull, which I was worried about because of its obviously stark-white nature, turned out great after we had it painted with ‘wood planking’ so that it really does now resemble the hull of a caravel from the 1600s.”
“Our Angel figurehead holding forth an infant for the world underneath the bowsprit turned out amazing as well,” said Bruce with more than a little awe as he reached up to run a hand gently over the base of the intricately painted wooden statue.
“The entire ship is a masterpiece my friend,” said Bruce as he stepped back a little, placing his hand on Miles’ shoulder.
“She is going to be spectacular when she spreads her sails and flies her banner out in the Bay,” said Miles. “Thank you so much for everything you have done Bruce.”
“It has been my honor to serve,” replied Bruce as he gave Miles’ shoulder a gentle squeeze to let him know that he was grateful, proud and honored to have participated in such an incredible undertaking as their Art Show for God.
It was almost time to unveil their ship, the last and grandest sculpture in the “We  You” collection. They would need to make sure things were set with Steve Rogers so that they could once again ensure maximum coverage of the event.
As Miles thought about Steve, an image suddenly flashed through his mind. He saw Bruce and Wenona together, just sitting quietly and talking as they looked into each other’s eyes, the love between them so obvious and complete that it was almost visible. Miles saw that they were sitting together on a boat of some kind – upon what looked to be the waters of San Francisco Bay.
“Perhaps it’s time to get Bruce and Wenona together so they can work out whatever they need to for themselves,” thought Miles as he looked at his friend next to him with genuine care and affection.
“Perhaps Steve might be able to convince Wenona to come out to San Francisco for an all-expenses-paid vacation in order to see someone whom she thought might have been lost to her forever? It certainly couldn’t hurt to ask,” considered Miles.
“It’s going to be our greatest show yet,” said Bruce as he clapped Miles gently on the shoulder and grabbed one of his Frisbees off the floor as he prepared to play a little catch with the DoBernard.
“A show that I think Wenona should be here to see with you, my friend,” thought Miles as he walked out onto the pier to call their favorite reporter.

Chapter 50

Steve Rogers felt a single droplet of very-cold sweat form between his shoulder blades and begin to crawl slowly downward along his spine. It was moisture born of pure, unadulterated fear, and it sent shivers of dread throughout his body as it crept with agonizing slowness down his back. It felt to Steve like the hand of the devil himself was tickling him suggestively.
“I’m just trying to help you out Steve,” said Allan Elliott as he “smiled,” easing another hefty chunk of extremely-rare prime rib between his meaty lips.
“I would hate for you to get into any trouble after all,” mumbled Allan around his mouthful of barely cooked meat.
Steve grimaced, trying not to show his visceral distaste for the “man” seated across from him, as he noticed that Allan’s rather-plump lips were already glistening slightly with a thin layer of shiny, prime-rib grease.
“I don’t know who they are, Mr. Elliott,” said Steve seriously.
Allan Elliott continued chewing slowly and enthusiastically while commenting on the superior nature of the prime rib and red wine he was enjoying, seemingly unaware that Steve had even said anything.
“I’m not particularly interested in who they are at this point Steve,” said Allan, taking comfort in the knowledge that Steve had absolutely no clue regarding the extent of his intel as he nonchalantly scooped what looked like a shovel full of au-gratin potatoes onto his spoon. Allan not only already knew the names of America’s most famous “Information Terrorists,” he knew just about every intimate detail of their lives. What he didn’t know, was how and where they were going to strike next.
“Steve, I need to know where and when their next little art exhibition is going to be,” continued Allan.
Steve said nothing in response, instead looking quietly downward as he picked at the slices of ham and turkey in his mostly untouched chef’s salad.
“I know you don’t want to tell me Steve. I understand. I really do. They have become your friends and you don’t want to betray them. You are also a professional journalist and you have no desire to reveal any of your sources. Plus, this is a very big story that holds a great deal of opportunity for you.  Believe me, I get it,” continued Allan Elliott in a now very-understanding, almost fatherly, tone of voice. “Unfortunately, I have a job to do, and that job is to capture and bring to justice whoever is perpetrating these acts of terrorism. I need your help to do my job, Steve. Your country needs you.”
Steve remained silent as he continued to stare at his salad, now using his fork to half-heartedly poke the bulbous end of a large slice of hard-boiled egg. Steve could feel fear, hopelessness and frustration coursing through him, and he felt like he was going to be physically sick as he continued to lightly jab the hard-boiled egg in his salad, realizing as he did so that the glistening-white and grayish-yellow of the egg reminded him of Allan Elliott’s eyes.
Allan, for his part, was starting to enjoy Steve Roger’s obvious discomfort. Thus far he had been playing at being the “good guy,” the understanding “friend” who was just doing his job. But Allan could see that tougher tactics were almost certainly going to be required in order to crack Steve Rogers.
“And it will be my pleasure...” thought Allan, grinning internally and relishing the thought of employing more aggressive tactics as he eased another large hunk of juicy prime rib into his eagerly awaiting maw.
As he chewed and savored the delectable morsel of rare meat in his mouth, Allan considered how easy it would have been to hire the Strike Team to extract any and all information from Steve Rogers. He was glad now, however, as he surreptitiously watched every movement, every expression of the man across the table from him, that he had decided to save himself the money.
“I would have hated to miss out on all this fun,” thought Allan as he continued to furtively examine Steve Rogers, taking careful mental notes and mulling over just the right tactic to employ in order to utterly decimate both the man and his resolve.
Allan was going to enjoy squeezing Steve Rogers while watching pure, uncompromising fear build in  his eyes. And in the end, he knew he would break him. Allan would get the information he needed and as a nice bonus would have America’s newest up-and-coming media darling squarely under his very-unforgiving thumb – forever. It was inevitable. Like the “Land of Everything,” it was his destiny.
“Steve, let me be completely candid with you,” said Allan from across the table as he polished off the last of his prime rib and settled back into his chair comfortably. “Your choice is really quite simple. You can help me, or you can go to prison for 20 years for aiding and abetting known terrorists. Once you are safely away in prison with sufficient time to enjoy all the carnal comforts available to you there, I’m sure we can arrange for a few select ‘suitors’ to pay a visit to your lovely fiancé Laura so that she can enjoy some of the same delightful pleasures.”
Allan almost giggled with glee as he saw Steve clench his fists and go white with anger, rising slightly from his chair as murderous thoughts obviously began flooding his mind.
“Oh my, that was an interesting button to push,” thought Allan happily as he saw that he had clearly managed to hit just the right target for activating Steve Rogers’ self-destruct sequence. Allan watched with great enjoyment as Steve began to tremble visibly with barely restrained emotion. He knew Steve was his.
“Are you ok Steve?” asked Allan in a tone that was dripping with greasy concern.
Steve Rogers had never wanted to kill anyone in his life before, but he found himself wanting to kill Allan Elliott with his bare hands now as he watched him lick his lips in delight at the thought of harming his beloved Laura.
Steve knew there was little he could do, however. Murder just simply wasn’t in him, and he knew Allan Elliott from the Department of Homeland Security had all the power he needed to make his promises come true. He knew he didn’t have a choice. He had to cooperate. He was quite simply out of options.  There was no way he could take the chance that any harm might befall Laura. Steve knew that Allan Elliott was holding a full house and his pair of threes meant he was going to have to play ball – at least for the time being. He just prayed that Batman, Robin and God would all forgive him someday.
“San Francisco, mid-September,” said Steve softly, hating himself as he did so. “They have rented warehouse space along the waterfront and are building a sculpture of a ship that they are going to sail around the bay.”
“There, not so hard,” said Allan in a patronizing tone of voice while trying on a putrid grin that made his face look like a corrupt and mangled jack-o-lantern.
Steve didn’t answer. He didn’t want to even look up. He felt sick again.
Allan’s mind was already racing as he quickly sorted through and began analyzing the information Steve Rogers had just provided him.
“San Francisco,” thought Allan. “Big city. Very public venue. Lots of media. Real possibilities there.”
And then Allan had a thought, a delicious little kernel of an idea that he already knew would become engorged and grow to gigantically satisfying proportions once he fed it a main course of ambition and seasoned it with a hefty dose of delectable gluttony. He knew it was a thought and an idea that would eventually become a genuine life-changing epiphany for him.
“Another terrorist event,” thought Allan. “One that like 9-11 has the potential to wreck an entire portion of a city and possibly harm thousands, something so dramatic that it will never be forgotten.”
Allan knew that after 9-11, another similar event would almost certainly lead to near-martial law being declared in the country. He also knew that new federal bureaucracies and agencies would begin to spring up like weeds in the aftermath of such an event, and he would be in a perfect position to be appointed Undersecretary, or perhaps even Secretary, of one of those fledgling agencies. He would have his own organization, his own staff, his own rules. He would be able to mold and shape an entirely new federal bureaucracy into his own likeness.
“Like a living, breathing, eternal tribute to me, a monument far more lasting and powerful than any mere statue,” thought Allan breathlessly, thrilled at the prospect of achieving true, organizational immortality.
“A dirty bomb,” thought Allan suddenly as he unconsciously smacked his lips together as though he were enjoying a candy-coated delicacy.
“A radiological episode in a major US city would certainly be dramatic and powerful enough to start a chain reaction of favorable events for me,” thought Allan excitedly as he almost clapped his hands together with unrestrained glee.
Allan was quite certain he would be able to find contacts who could fairly easily procure enough appropriately radioactive material for David to find someone to construct a simple dirty bomb for him. He himself had heard whispered offers of Uranium-based “yellowcake” through the “Black Ops Grapevine” that seemed to wind its way through every federal agency.
Allan knew that a single dirty bomb blown up on a ship out in San Francisco Bay would likely spread enough radiation to make people downwind very dead, or at least very sick, which in turn would make for a fantastically powerful and very-lengthy news cycle where the need for new security measures at all levels of government would be the focus of the coverage. And he, after delivering the detestable terrorists responsible for the act, would of course be at the forefront of said coverage.
“It’s beautiful,” thought Allan, his eyes glittering with the glorious possibilities for personal and professional enrichment inherent in the scenario that was now running through his mind.
“It’s going to be expensive, but what price really wouldn’t I pay to have my own federal agency? Besides, it’s not like I won’t get all of it back – with interest,” thought Allan as his face suddenly contorted into a greedy leer.
The look on Allan Elliott’s face was terrible enough that Steve found himself having to look away, just in time to see a mother two tables over actually try to shield her young daughter from the frightful expression. Steve saw that Allan didn’t even notice, however, as he was currently completely lost in his own thoughts.
“Assistant Director Elliott is a truly frightening individual,” thought Steve as he watched Allan become completely absorbed in his own little world.
“Once I am in charge of my own agency, I will get mine, and then some,” thought Allan with glee, completely unaware or unconcerned that it wasn’t exactly the height of social grace to daydream while in the midst of a meal with someone.
Allan knew from experience that hundreds of billions of dollars went missing amongst the various federal agencies and bureaucracies in Washington every year. It was likely he would easily be able to appropriate at least several million of his own in order to reimburse himself for the expenditure he was now considering.
“It’s perfect. It’s the ‘Land of Everything’,” thought Allan as he absentmindedly licked the last remaining bits of prime-rib grease from his lips and refocused his attention on Steve.
“And don’t even think about warning them,” spat Allan venomously as he squinted and sneered mercilessly at  Steve across the table. “I can promise you that all the horrors I described to you regarding yourself and your beautiful fiancé will come true very quickly if you betray me in any way, Steve.”
Steve tried to swallow, but found himself unable. It felt to Steve like the fires of hell had suddenly conspired to burn every last bit of moisture from his body, starting with his mouth and throat.
“Please help me to be strong and have the courage I need God,” prayed Steve silently as he raised his eyes to meet the gaze of the creature that sat across from him.
“Someday, Mr. Elliott, you will reap what you are sowing,” thought Steve with conviction as he looked unflinchingly into Allan Elliott’s hard-boiled eyes.



Chapter 51

“Forgive me Dios,” prayed Juan de Espronceda silently in the quiet darkness of the warehouse space where he had worked many hours over the past few months with Dr. Miles Trebuchet and Bruce Badeau as they had constructed their beautiful caravel-style ship, “The Catherine.”
Juan felt a tear of pure despair fall from his eyes as he knelt dejectedly, genuflecting and praying fervently for an answer as he looked up at the Virgin Mary-like figurehead above him gently holding a baby in her arms as she reached forward beneath the bowsprit of their vessel, as though offering the child to the world.
The figurehead that adorned the bow of The Catherine was one of Juan’s favorite elements of artwork that made up the magnificent ship that he had labored long and hard with his friends to build. Neither Miles nor Bruce was currently present in the warehouse with him, however. Juan de Espronceda was alone with his thoughts – and his conscience. He knew, however, that if he didn’t hurry, he wouldn’t be alone much longer. There was a man clad completely in black just outside the door who was waiting for him to complete his “mission.” Juan was acutely aware that if he didn’t hurry, he would likely receive a painful reminder that speed was of the essence.
“Safe Haven,” said Juan as he read the elegantly scripted golden text that adorned the base of the figurehead.
“Maybe I can just toss the device into the waters of the bay outside and no one will be the wiser?” thought Juan as he looked down at the small-but-very-heavy satchel he was carrying.
He supposed it was likely a bomb of some sort, Juan hadn’t had the courage to actually look at the contents of the small bag, afraid that if he did so he was likely to trigger whatever tragedy was lying in wait inside.
“I could just drop the satchel into the silent waters outside and tell them that I planted the device. There would really be no way for them to know until the time came to trigger the device,” thought Juan with just a glimmer of hope as he rose from his kneeling position and cast a furtive glance back towards the front of the warehouse to see if his black-clad “friend” had decided to enter the building after all.
Juan searched the darkened interior of the warehouse carefully with his eyes, but saw nothing that would prevent him from just dumping the heavy little satchel into the waters of San Francisco Bay and then reporting back to the forces of evil that had put him up to the task with a heartfelt “mission accomplished.”
“Which would be accurate,” thought Juan. “I would just be completing the mission my way instead of theirs.”
Juan crept quietly towards the back of the warehouse, away from The Catherine, casting cautious glances over his shoulder as he went to make sure he was avoiding detection. As he neared the large wooden doors at the back of the warehouse which opened directly onto San Francisco Bay, a very-large, very-black shadow emerged from the darkness before him, seemingly materializing out of thin air.
“Going somewhere?” hissed the shadow as it took physical form and backhanded Juan hard across the face.
Juan staggered, his knees buckling from the ferocity of the blow. He felt as though somebody had struck him in the side of the head with a sledgehammer as he reeled and saw white-hot stars explode in his field of vision. The heavy satchel flew from his hand to go crashing and skidding across the rough wooden floor. Juan absently wondered if the jarring mistreatment of the little bag was going to set off the device inside and blow up the entire warehouse, scattering the building like so much flotsam out into the bay.
“Now look what you made me do,” growled the shadow as he smiled in the darkness with impressively white teeth and expertly twisted Juan’s arm up behind his back, almost to the breaking point. The black shadow drove Juan face first into a kneeling position, pressing his forehead firmly to one of the aged planks that made up the warehouse floor.
“That’s government property you’re mistreating by not taking better care of your little package Juan,” chided the shadow in a mocking growl.
“Please,” gasped Juan in pain. “Why do you even need me, you can obviously plant the device by yourself. I just want to go home. Please let me go.”
“Sorry, Juan, no can do,” jeered the shadow contemptuously, twisting Juan’s arm just a little further. “You’re right, we could certainly do this work ourselves. It’s possible, however, that after all is said and done we might need a patsy, and you’re our girl, Juan.”
“Besides, we like to make a habit whenever we can of destroying the lives of uppity Spaniards,” laughed the shadow as he pushed Juan’s head along the floor so that the rough wood started to abrade and painfully pierce the skin of his forehead with small splinters.
The man in black knew of course that the real reason they wanted Juan involved in their little act of sabotage was because he was very-well connected internationally, and this was a tremendous opportunity to get someone like Juan under their control by making him an accomplice to what was going to be a very nasty, very public event. But the black-clad shadow wasn’t about to tell Juan de Espronceda anything remotely resembling the truth. It was far more enjoyable to simply toy with him and provide him with as little information as possible as he applied the holy trinity of torture – emotional, mental, and physical torment.
Juan desperately wanted to fight back. He felt like screaming as he suffered both physical pain and utter humiliation on his knees at the hands of the shadow. He knew, however, that he was completely outmatched. He could feel the tremendous strength of the shadow that had him pinned painfully to the floor. It was a strength that Juan likely wouldn’t have been able to counter even in his youth, much less in his now-rather-elderly state.
“I can feel what you’re thinking Juan,” said the shadow seriously as he tweaked Juan’s arm just a little more, making him cry out involuntarily. Believe me, it’s a bad idea. Trust me when I promise that you are going to lose any fight you start with me, and if you make me angry, I am going to make sure to take out my frustrations with your behavior not only on you, but also on those beautiful daughters of yours.”
“What are their names?” asked the shadow mockingly. “Beautiful Spanish names of some sort. Hmmm. Oh yes, now I remember. Teresa, Sofia, and Lupita.”
Juan de Espronceda felt himself begin to tremble with almost uncontrollable rage. This was the second time that these animals had threatened his beautiful daughters. He wanted to lash out at them and strike them down, and he prayed silently to God that he would somehow help him do so.
“Now be a good boy and go get your bag and find a nice place near the center of the ship to squirrel it away,” commanded the shadow menacingly.
Juan simply obeyed without saying a word, knowing full well that he had little choice in the matter as he made his way across the voluminous space of the warehouse in order to retrieve the heavy little satchel.
Even though the lead-like little bag had gone crashing across the warehouse floor when he had backhanded Juan, Edgar “Dutch” Reynolds wasn’t too worried about the device in the satchel being damaged. He had been told by his superiors what type of explosive device was inside the bag, and he knew from 20 years of blowing up buildings, cars, and people that the particular type of device in question was one of the toughest on the market. It was a heartily designed little unit that could really take a beating and still continue to function properly. Dutch was pretty sure that one of those little devices could pretty much be used to conduct a rugby match and still be capable of blowing up both teams and a goodly portion of the crowd at the end of the game. Dutch knew he just needed to get the device safely positioned in a moderately stable portion of the ship that wouldn’t be exposed to too much moisture. Everything else, including arming and activating the device, could be accomplished remotely.
“Still, maybe I should check it quickly, just to be sure,” thought Dutch, knowing as well that this particular operation was being watched closely by some very powerful people who were pretty high up on the food chain. He was extremely cognizant of the fact that having anything go wrong with this particular operation could turn out to be very hazardous to not only his career, but his own  personal health.
“Stop,” ordered Dutch as Juan walked dejectedly back towards The Catherine.
“Stay,” said Dutch as though commanding a dog, taking the heavy little satchel from Juan and walking over to the side of the warehouse to examine its contents.
Clicking on his LED penlight, Dutch unfolded and then unzipped the satchel, bringing the bag close to his face in order to peer inside. Everything appeared to be in order and as expected, save the existence of some heavy bars welded securely to the bottom of the explosive device, one of which appeared to have broken open a little and was now leaking a fine, yellowish powder.
“What is that?” thought Dutch. “A chemical or Bio weapon of some sort?”
Dutch was perplexed that he should find anything other than a normal explosive device in the bag. He knew that his superiors might not have felt duty bound to tell him exactly what was in the little satchel as he simply did not have a need to know. Still, he had not been expecting to see anything out of the ordinary. Weren’t they just going to blow up a ship after all so that they could bag America’s newest “Information Terrorists” with a little bit of career-boosting fanfare?
And then Dutch knew.
“Dirty bomb,” thought Dutch in a semi-panic as he quickly drew his face away from the bag, carefully zipping and then refolding the satchel.
“I guess this operation is a little more above my pay grade than I thought,” considered Dutch seriously.
“Glad I didn’t try to reach in and remove the device,” thought Dutch with relief as he walked back to where Juan de Espronceda was still standing dejectedly with his head down.
Dutch had no idea he had already inhaled enough of the enriched-uranium dust to cause a small tumor to form near the right olfactory bulb in his brain and that within six months he would would be dying in a VA hospital with the side of his face so swollen that his right eyeball would literally pop from its socket the day before he officially expired.
“Here, Spaniard,” said Dutch grimly. “Go deliver your package.”
 Feeling like Judas and wanting to get his act of betrayal over as quickly as possible, Juan strode purposefully across the room and quickly climbed a rope ladder that hung down from the side of the ship in order to board The Catherine. He made his way over to the middle of the ship and gently placed the heavy little bag in a small compartment next to the main mast, securing it against removal with a sturdy cable and combination lock that the “men in black” had provided him.
“Forgive me Santísimo Padre,” said Juan sincerely as he once again shut the little compartment that now held not only tools, but also a malignant cancer.
He had no idea that in sealing the compartment, he had perhaps not only sealed the fate of The Catherine, but also perhaps the fate of thousands.

Chapter 52

“Today is our day Catherine,” thought Miles as he sat on the edge of the pier, quietly taking in the beauty of the Indian Summer sunrise that was just breaking over San Francisco Bay.
Miles marveled at how the sunrise was painting the entire morning sky in glorious hues of pink, crimson and purple as he smoked one of his “guilty pleasure” Gauloises Brunes cigarettes. Miles grinned with satisfaction as he enjoyed the dark, rich Turkish tobacco and watched the colors in the sky grow more vibrant by the minute, blending with each other and reflecting off the green water that stretched out before him.
“Like watching God actually lay down the brush strokes on a living, breathing canvas,” thought Miles as he glanced over at The Catherine bobbing gracefully in the bay next to him, pulling gently against her mooring lines as though she were eager to get started with her mission.
“Soon, love,” said Miles as he thought about his beloved wife and examined the incredibly beautiful sailing vessel that he, Bruce, Juan, and Immanuel had constructed together.
Miles knew that if God were true and kept his promises, then by the end of the day his dear wife would hopefully be free of the mental prison in which she had been trapped since passing out of her earthly plane of existence. Miles wasn’t sure in what form help would arrive for Catherine, but he felt in his heart that God would indeed keep up his end of the bargain, and aid for his beloved wife would be forthcoming as promised.
“Perhaps Ashley will join her once more and will help her awaken so that she might truly recognize and see the beauty of the wider world around her again,” thought Miles with a sense of hope that he knew had become genuinely “religious” in nature.
“Me, religious,” thought Miles with a somewhat-sarcastic laugh as he considered how foreign the very concept of God and any form of spirituality or “religion” had been to him not so very long ago.
“I guess that I just need to have faith once again that things will work out as they are meant to. That approach has worked pretty well thus far,” thought Miles as he continued to gaze with awe upon the incredibly scenic vista of land, sea and sky that spread out before him. The flaring colors from the morning sunrise continued to paint the waters of the bay in magical hues of green and blue and purple, and Miles could tell already that the day was going to be absolutely fantastic.
“A perfect day to rescue one’s beloved wife from an emotional prison in a netherworld filled with pretty little cottages,” thought Miles with a grin as he once again reached out to his sense of humor to try and help balance himself.
Miles could feel extremely powerful emotions pulling at him as he thought about coming to the end of his journey. His “Art Show for God” was almost complete. Once the day was done, it would all be finished. Hope and fear and excitement pulled at him powerfully, making Miles feel a little like he was being emotionally drawn and quartered. He took a deep calming breath of gloriously salty sea air in order to try and relax a little.
Miles looked over again to watch the ship they had built bob gently in the water. Although The Catherine’s sails were still furled, Miles could clearly envision their caravel-style “pirate ship” cutting a graceful, majestic path through the light-green waters of the bay, her sails billowing outward as they were filled with the power of the ocean breeze, once again dramatically displaying their message of “We  You” to the world in letters of boldest crimson. He knew that he and his friends had once again created a truly fantastic piece of artwork together.
“And it moves,” said Miles as he exhaled rich, pungent tobacco smoke from his Brunes and thought about Hobson Green.
“Hobson would be proud of me,” thought Miles, French-inhaling a bit more smoke from his Brunes as he considered how far he and his friends had come since his time in Fern Grove with his artistic hero and sculpting inspiration.
“I’m going to have to get back there,” thought Miles wistfully as he remembered the incredibly enjoyable and enriching time he had spent just smoking, talking, and being with Hobson Green. “Maybe I can share some more conversation and another cigarette with Hobson someday soon.”
“A fine day to go sailing,” announced Bruce suddenly as he came out onto the pier with Juan and the DoBernard, stretching and yawning a bit as he reached up towards the sky.
Miles smiled at Bruce’s irrepressible good nature, but a tremor of disquiet and concern passed through him as he looked at Juan. Miles had noticed earlier that Juan was particularly quiet this morning, and he appeared to be almost physically stooped, as though he were playing at being the mythical “Atlas” and the weight of the world was on his shoulders somehow. Miles hoped his new friend was okay, and he made a mental note to be sure and spend some time with Juan later that day in order to engage in a little “friendship time” with him. Miles wanted to make certain that all was well.
“I think we’re ready,” said Miles to his gathered friends as he cast the last of his Brunes into the sea and examined the “chase boat” that was tied off on the near side of the dock next to The Catherine. It too was a sailboat, albeit a much-smaller vessel than was the Catherine. Unlike The Catherine, however, the chase boat was just as happy being powered by its motor as it was by the wind, which meant a single individual could easily operate their companion vessel as necessary.
The plan was for Juan and Miles to sail the Catherine out into the bay while Bruce and the DoBernard manned the chase boat. Miles and Juan would sail their caravel-style pirate ship long enough to stabilize things, and once The Catherine was under control and moving easily through the waters of the bay, Juan and Miles would cast off in a small inflatable dinghy that The Catherine would be pulling along behind her. Once they were safely away from The Catherine in their dinghy, Bruce and Immanuel would pick up Juan and Miles and take them aboard the chase vessel.
From that point on they would operate The Catherine via remote control from a raised location that they had scouted out on Alcatraz Island. Alcatraz was perfect, as it was almost squarely between the Golden Gate Bridge and the Bay Bridge, which was a very-well-suited body of water in which to operate their ship as it provided excellent sailing conditions and an almost perfect natural amphitheatre for the the final leg of their Art Show for God. Thousands of vacationers along Fisherman’s Wharf as well as people just driving across the Golden Gate and Bay Bridges would be able to see The Catherine in all her glory.
Miles and Bruce had selected their “sailing ground” after careful review of the area. They knew that operating The Catherine in that particular area of the bay would give them the greatest level of exposure to both spectators and media. That portion of San Francisco Bay was also close enough to Alcatraz to be well within the 10-mile operating range for their remote-control systems. Miles and Bruce had even stowed lawn chairs and some picnic supplies on board the chase boat so that they would be able to enjoy their remote-control sailing adventure in comfort from their perch out on Alcatraz.
Of course Miles would have preferred to just stay on board The Catherine, but he and Bruce both felt that remaining on board the vessel for an extended period of time once things really got rolling was likely to be a potentially very-dangerous proposition. They were wanted “terrorists” after all, and they weren’t sure what would happen once the media started covering their “pirate ship of love” as it sailed around the bay. A panicked response to a perceived “terrorist event” could very easily endanger any passengers or crew on the ship. Both Miles and Bruce felt it was far too dangerous and risky to have anyone on board The Catherine any longer than was absolutely necessary. That was the reason they had designed their rather complex remote-control system.
Unfortunately, Miles also still had his doubts about the reliability and viability of sailing a large vessel like The Catherine via remote control. He wished they had been able to take more time testing the remote-control rudder system in particular. He knew that if they steered the ship poorly while the sails were fully deployed, there was a distinct possibility, maybe even a probability, that they would cross the path of the wind incorrectly and would unceremoniously capsize The Catherine into the beautiful-but-very-cold waters of San Francisco Bay. Miles was pretty sure that their message of “We  You,” which was stitched in huge crimson letters on the three main sails of The Catherine, was not going to have the impact they intended if those sails were crumpled and submerged beneath the surface of the water.
Miles looked again at Juan with concern as he wondered if he were perhaps having second thoughts about assisting them in their mission to take their message of “We Love You” to the world in their usual way – with artistry and more than a little drama. Miles had taken Juan aside and had explained everything to him a few weeks ago after consulting with Bruce and deciding that they had to be honest with Juan in order to be completely fair to their new friend. Miles, Bruce and the DoBernard were, after all, wanted men – and dog. It wasn’t right to involve Juan in their operation any further without letting him make an informed decision about whether or not he wished to do so.
Juan had listened to their story carefully, and then in the end had merely nodded and said “Si” when Miles had asked him if he would like to be a part of the third and final leg of their mission. Miles and Bruce had been very glad to have their new friend “on board” so to speak, and the DoBernard had barked his standard “Woof! Warf!” approval as well.
Miles decided that Juan was likely just nervous about taking their pirate ship out on her maiden voyage as he watched his friend board The Catherine with the practiced step of a lifelong seaman. Miles quickly followed as Bruce began casting off the mooring lines. The men worked together silently, even the DoBernard choosing to sit quietly and just observe while they made The Catherine ready for departure. Miles thought as he worked quietly that perhaps his friends shared his feeling of import and almost momentous reverence for the act that they were about to undertake.
Miles untied the last of The Catherine’s lines, freeing her of her final restraints. He thought it looked like she was more than ready to play as she bobbed joyfully in the water. Bruce and Immanuel stood together and watched as Juan and Miles started to guide The Catherine out into the waters of San Francisco Bay using the small electric motor on board the vessel.
“Arrr!” exclaimed Bruce into his waterproof 2-way radio while he watched The Catherine glide slowly past him towards open water, covering one of his eyes in their now-traditional mock-pirate salute as he readied the chase boat.
“Arrr!” replied Miles and Juan almost in unison from the deck of The Catherine as they stood at attention, joining Bruce in their now-traditional, hand-over-eye “pirate salute,” Juan confirming via radio that their systems check was complete and all was well.
“Arrr...” snarled Edgar “Dutch” Reynolds quietly as he sat in an unmarked van with three of his Strike Team members, watching and listening to everything happening on the dock less than a half block away from their position.
“We’ll be seeing you soon mateys,” growled Dutch without humor, rubbing absently at the swelling that had recently appeared beneath his right eye as he keyed his headset in order to initiate an encrypted voice communication with Central Site Command.

Chapter 53

“Here comes my ticket to a lifetime of ‘Sushi Nights’ at Club Owl,” thought Allan Elliott, a greedy leer splashing across his paunchy face as he peered through his high-powered binoculars, smacking his lips with anticipation.
Allan watched with a kind of smug delight as the now-familiar caravel-style pirate ship that he had been briefed on extensively over the past few weeks came sailing gracefully into view, moving easily from east to west through the waters of San Francisco Bay.
“Shall we give the ‘GO’ signal?” asked David eagerly from his position to the left and just behind Allan, peering hungrily through his own set of high-powered optics.
Both Allan and David were enjoying the view as they stood next to each other in the living room of an executive suite on the 20th floor of a luxury-apartment complex one block off the water near Fisherman’s Wharf. The huge floor to ceiling windows in the apartment gave them an excellent view of the portion of San Francisco Bay between the Golden Gate and Bay Bridges, an area into which the sailboat sculpture they had come to know as The Catherine was just entering as she headed west underneath the Bay Bridge in the direction of both the Golden Gate and Alcatraz Island. Allan Elliott gratefully considered the very-expensive tinted windows on the building that ensured their presence would not be detected either intentionally or accidentally. Allan was a big fan of tinted windows in general.
“No, not yet,” replied Allan seriously without taking his eyes off The Catherine as she sailed along blissfully in the waters below.
“I want to see helicopters come dangerously close to running into each other in mid-air, and pleasure craft absolutely clogging the area as they create a jumbled, bumbling spectacle of themselves. And I want to see the media absolutely swarming like a pack of sharks in the midst of a feeding frenzy, snapping and biting at every angle the story has to offer before we call in the strike.”
“We’ll know it’s time when we see Susan Sampson covering the story live on ‘Good Morning America’. We wouldn’t want to have Mr. and Mrs. America miss out on the show we have planned after all,” continued Allan as one of his signature “smiles” split his face horribly. It was an expression without mirth and gruesome enough to make any baby cry out for her mother.
Allan knew he had played his hand perfectly, and he took great satisfaction at having done so despite being saddled with an extremely challenging situation. He had been well aware at the outset of the operation that reporting “satisfactory progress” to his superiors was going to be a challenge when they wanted an immediate capture and arrest, while he wanted to drag things out sufficiently to parlay the situation into a one-way ticket to the “Land of Everything.”
“And that ship down there is my final boarding pass,” thought Allan as he considered how much it looked like The Catherine was leading the way to personal salvation for him as she sailed her way into history, crossing San Francisco Bay dramatically, displaying her full “We Love You” regalia.
“And her destruction soon live on ‘Good Morning America’,” thought Allan with another greedy leer.
“Lots of drama, a big media circus, and then end things with a bang!” said Allan with a grin of satisfaction as he examined the 50-foot yacht through his binoculars again to see if he could locate the compartment near the main mast where Juan de Espronceda had been kind enough to place their special little “yellowcake” pastry. As he swept the ship with his binoculars, Allan saw that Juan and Dr. Miles Trebuchet were the only two individuals on board the vessel. He recognized them from the many photos he had been given.
“Good morning enemies of the state,” thought Allan with a smirk. “We have a real breakfast treat for you and the rest of San Francisco today.”
Allan felt a sense of pride swell up within him as he considered how masterfully he had orchestrated the various federal, state and local agencies with which he was coordinating the operation. He had handled them superbly. He would, of course, have preferred not to have dealt with them at all. All the petty bickering and maneuvering, the jockeying for a piece of the glory... It had been all he could do to forgo summarily executing a few of the more egregious transgressors. For the most part, however, he had tolerated their antics. Not because he wanted to, but because he needed them. Having hundreds of agents from various state and federal agencies in addition to local police, fire, and emergency personnel on site and on the case would only help build the gravitas and presence of the story. It would throw gasoline on the media bonfire that was sure to take place once it was leaked to the press that there might be some type of bomb on board The Catherine. The massive manpower would also help assure that Dr. Miles Trebuchet and his compatriot Bruce Badeau would not escape this time, something Allan Elliott knew would likely not only end his career, but would close the gates to the “Land of Everything” forever.
But his plan wasn’t without risk. It had been very dangerous having so many smart, dedicated people in the area looking for anything out of the ordinary, all of them diligently trying to help capture America’s two most-wanted Information Terrorists. Allan didn’t want anyone else stealing his glory after all, and the operation had consequently turned into a high-wire act of sorts as he had needed to tell all of the various authorities and agencies involved just enough for them not to lose interest, but not so much that they might actually discover Dr. Miles Trebuchet and Bruce Badeau while in the midst of constructing their nautical sculpture. Allan knew, after all, that capturing a half-built ship in a warehouse was not going to create the media circus he needed to launch him into the stratosphere of Washington’s bureaucratic elite.
“Might make me a clown is all,” thought Allan seriously.
“No, far better to let them create another of their woefully ugly pieces of ‘art’ and then blow it out of the water while on live TV,” thought Allan cheerfully. “Add to that the spread of very dirty radioactive material all over Fisherman’s Wharf where there will inevitably be thousands of tourists, including many women and children, and you have a genuine tragedy worthy of prime time.”
Allan almost giggled with barely restrained glee as he thought about the new federal agencies that were going to spring forth out of the void as a result of the coming tragedy in San Francisco.
“Like the ‘Big Bang’ for bureaucrats,” thought Allan as a dreamy, far-away look of abject satiation washed across his face.
Allan suddenly felt a little frisky. Perhaps when he was done for the day, when he had been appropriately credited with saving America from its latest Pro Life terrorists,  he would head over to one of the private clubs he knew about in San Francisco that serviced the needs of the elite, clubs that catered to those with slightly more extravagant tastes.
“Shouldn’t we be getting out to our position on Alcatraz, Assistant Director?” asked David as he noticed crowds along Fisherman’s Wharf starting to gather and point at The Catherine as she navigated the waters of San Francisco Bay below them, her sails unabashedly proclaiming “We  You” to the world in gigantic crimson text.
“Yes, of course David,” spat Allan angrily as he was forced to temporarily disengage from his fantasy interactions with the “Land of Everything.”
“Do we have all personnel in position, all cordons and barricades in place?” asked Allan testily.
“Yes sir, we do,” replied David. “The Bay Bridge and the Golden Gate are both locked down. Everything is ready. We’re a go.”
“Do we have the Wharf covered completely in case our Information Terrorists decide to try and get away by mingling with the crowd?” shot Allan even more testily, annoyed with David’s presumptuous tone.
“Yes, Assistant Director,” replied David again, this time hanging his head and looking at the floor as he gave his answer, clearly aware that his boss was a little irked at his audacity in interrupting his thinking and would be buoyed by his act of submission and contrition.
“Always good to see he knows his place,” thought Allan, heartened to see David hang his head appropriately as he gathered his things, preparing to relocate to their “Mobile Command Center,” a Formula Super Sport ocean-ready powerboat that was awaiting them near Pier 37.
“And the air support, David? Did we get word through the FBI and Homeland Security to Miramar that we need a couple of F/A-18 Hornets on station?” asked Allan seriously in a tone of voice that was quiet but which resonated with danger.
“It wasn’t easy, but they are on their way sir,” answered David.
Allan breathed a sigh of relief. The show was going to be so much better with two F/A-18 Hornets streaking through the skies over San Francisco. They likely wouldn’t be needed in any aggressive capacity, but Allan wasn’t about to take any chances. He hadn’t come this far to let things fall apart in the final stages, when he was so close to the “Land of Everything.” If things went as planned, the Hornets would be great theatre. If things got sticky, however, the F/A-18s would be on station to make sure The Catherine got blown out of the water – on live television. Either way, the little black satchel of radioactivity that was currently residing in the belly of The Catherine would spew its deadly contents into the air, the ocean breeze carrying the poison inland to thousands of soon-to-be memorialized “heroes.”
“It’s going to be amazing,” thought Allan as he exited the luxury apartment with David, picking up his usual 4-man security detail who had been waiting for him in the hallway and striding purposefully towards the building’s elevators.
Allan felt another powerful wave of pride and a sense of accomplishment run through him as he walked. His plan was coming together perfectly. He had done it. The “Land of Everything” and all its pleasures would soon be his.
“It’s not hubris if it’s the truth,” thought Allan smugly as he admired himself in the mirrored walls of the elevator and practiced his most charming “grin”  for the cameras that he knew would soon be demanding his attention.


Chapter 54

Steve Rogers looked up in astonishment as he again heard the signature sounds of helicopter blades beating against the beautiful morning skies above him. Steve saw that yet another copter had begun to slowly traverse their airspace, joining the half dozen or so that were already scouting about the area. Everywhere Steve looked there seemed to be some kind of aircraft in the sky or a boat in the water, and all of them seemed to be interested in only one thing – the presence and progress of the old-fashioned, caravel-style pirate ship that was currently cutting a carefree wake through the atypically calm waters of San Francisco Bay.
It certainly hadn’t taken long for word to get out that the infamous “Love Bandits” responsible for the Lincoln Lights and Roller Coaster as well as the Phoenix Angel were at it again, this time in San Francisco. The Catherine had only been on the scene launching red, heart-shaped balloons and purple and gold fireworks for less than about 10 minutes before the first helicopter had appeared. And things had gotten distinctly more crowded since that time
“Looks like we don’t exactly have an exclusive anymore,” said Steve as he looked over at Laura with a smile, sweeping his arm grandly towards what appeared to be practically an armada of media, pleasure boats and official craft bearing down on their position near the amazing pirate ship.
Laura smiled back at Steve as she continued her own animated gesturing while speaking into her headset, communicating with the producers and executives back at the network in New York. Laura found herself struggling a little as well to try and maintain her balance on the deck of their rented boat as she attempted to tap into the now-distant memories of the sea legs she had developed during occasional weekend sailing outings in college.
Steve felt another tidal wave of love and affection crash into his soul as he watched Laura performing her normal network-news-producer duties. It was something at which she excelled, it was something she truly enjoyed that made her happy. Steve loved just watching her do it.
Steve hoped Laura’s advocacy and Larry’s “off-air” feed from his camera would be enough to convince the network to forgo its regular schedule and take a chance on a live remote. It was morning prime time, and a pirate-ship sculpture with “We  You” sails spawning heart-shaped balloons and fireworks would make for some very good TV. It wasn’t lost on Steve as well that the coverage would help to spread the message of “We Love You” to a worldwide audience.
“They should listen to her,” thought Steve as he turned and looked again at the incredible spectacle that was taking shape on the water around them. He saw as he turned that Wenona was looking thoughtfully at the scene as well.
“I am really glad she decided to join us,” thought Steve as he considered how beautiful Wenona looked with her raven-black hair being swept back off her shoulders by the gentle breeze that was currently caressing the sea around them.
“Bruce is a lucky man indeed,” thought Steve with a smile as he pondered the hope and love Wenona was demonstrating, the effort she was willing to expend, in order to perhaps be reunited with her lost love.
“I hope it works out for Wenona and Bruce, we could use more love and happiness in this world, maybe even some more happy endings,” mused Steve as he gazed past Wenona into the distance at the large crowds that were starting to gather along the piers and wharfs that overlooked the particular portion of San Francisco Bay where the “ship that was also a sculpture” was displaying her prowess. Steve felt his pulse quickening and his heart beating in that old familiar way as he took in the amazing scene before him.
“The Big Story,” thought Steve with a knowing smile, realizing once again that he would always be a newsman at heart.
Steve turned his attention back to the amazing ship nearby and watched fascinated as it continued cruising easily through the waters of the bay, her three main sails unfurled completely to reveal the words “We” “” “You” in colossal crimson text – one word on each of the three main sails. Steve saw that there was an additional banner tied off to the crow’s nest of the main mast as well. The long, triangular banner was a light purple color, and it rippled and streamed out behind the ship in the wind for almost half the length of the ship.
“At least 20 feet in length,” thought Steve as he examined the text on the banner.
“Living Water,” said Steve quietly as he read the deep-gold letters that were outlined in crimson and written elegantly in cursive script upon the banner.
“For ‘Information Terrorists’, they sure have a pretty innocuous and inspiring message,” thought Steve as he once again found himself identifying with the message and mission that Batman and Robin were attempting to bring to the world.
From his vantage point on their ocean-grade power boat, about 400 yards away from the ship that he now knew was named The Catherine, Steve could clearly see through his binoculars that two men were still aboard the vessel. They appeared to be having a conversation of some sort at the very back of the ship on the aft deck. Steve wondered if it were Batman and Robin, although he thought that one of the men appeared smaller than he remembered from the time he had seen them in the parking lot of KORN TV.
“We need to get closer to that ship!” called out Steve to the captain of their rented vessel as he considered the best camera angles for a live remote with the network. Steve was struck again as he looked at their captain by how much, with his bald head and tufts of white hair at the sides, he resembled “Captain Stubing” from the old  TV show “The Love Boat.”
“If only Isaac and Doc were here to hand out drinks,” thought Steve with a grin as “Captain Stubing” gunned the throttle aggressively in order to try and close the gap with The Catherine. Steve gave the captain a thumbs up to let him know he appreciated his enthusiasm as the theme song for “The Love Boat” started playing in an endless loop in his head.
“We’re going live!” exclaimed Laura excitedly as she hurriedly removed her headset and turned to Steve in order to “smooth him out” and make him look as presentable as possible as was her usual manner prior to Steve appearing on camera. It also gave Laura an excuse to touch Steve a little, something she always enjoyed doing.
“Ready Larry?” asked Laura as she looked at their trusted cameraman with an excited grin.
Larry returned Laura’s grin with a genuine smile of his own, giving her a thumbs up and an “OK” with his fingers.
“How about you, are you ready?” teased Laura as she turned back to Steve, looking into his eyes with absolute devotion and love while straightening his tie and manipulating his hair a bit with her fingers.
Steve smiled at Laura’s touch and returned her gaze, looking deeply into her eyes, telling her of his love for her without saying a word.
Laura moved deftly away with a practiced step as the light on Larry’s camera went red and millions of homes across America and the world began watching Steve.
“We are joined now by our roving reporter Steve Rogers, who appears to be in the midst once again of some pretty spectacular events that are unfolding literally right now in the San Francisco Bay area,” said Susan Sampson somewhat breathlessly.
“Steve, it appears that our Information Terrorists who might have been responsible for a dangerous fire in Phoenix recently are once again causing a potentially hazardous disruption of some kind this morning?” asked Susan with an edge to her voice that could have cut steel.
“Susan, I have only one thing to say. ‘We Love You’,” replied Steve, refusing to let Susan draw him into her angle on the story, choosing instead to focus on what he thought was an important and positive message for the world to see and hear.
“That’s the message that is once again being carried to the people of San Francisco and the world here this morning,” continued Steve as Larry zoomed the camera in on The Catherine splashing playfully through the green waters of San Francisco Bay, her sails billowing out their message of “We  You” for all to see.
“That ship certainly does seem harmless enough,” continued Susan, “but we have unconfirmed reports of an explosive device or a bomb of some kind possibly being on board the vessel?”
“Have you been able to gather any additional information regarding this troubling new development?” asked Susan seriously as she pursed her perfectly painted lips in an expression of genuine concern.
“Uh, oh,” thought Steve. “Not good.”
“No... Susan,” said Steve, stammering just a little after being somewhat blindsided by Susan’s question. “We have heard nothing about a bomb or explosive device of any kind on board the ship we now know is named ‘The Catherine’.”
“There is also a rumor Steve that Navy fighters have been called in to possibly sink the ship just in case there is a bomb on board, have you heard anything further on that front?” asked Susan, this time with both concern and excitement.
“Double uh, oh,” thought Steve, admiring Susan’s abilities as a newswoman despite her take on the story.
“Susan, as you can see,” replied Steve carefully. “There are currently at least a couple of people on board that ship over there, and there are a lot of civilian and media vessels in the area as well, so I’m not sure it’s a very good idea to have fighter jets launch missiles into the immediate vicinity in order to try and blow that ship out of the water.”
“Was that some kind of explosion!?,” heard Steve from Susan in New York as Larry’s live feed suddenly showed fireworks streaming into the sky from the aft deck of the ship, exploding above the area in an airborne celebration of gold and red and purple.
“Just some fireworks to liven up our morning and remind us how unique and special this event is,” said Steve reassuringly, hoping to reorient the conversation away from bombs and explosives back towards the intended message of peace and love.
“A pirate-ship sculpture with ‘We Love You’ sails, a streaming ‘Living Water’ banner, and a built-in fireworks show sailing around San Francisco Bay is not something we are likely to see every day,” said Steve with an easy chuckle.
Steve heard a distant screaming suddenly start to cut through the air. It was a sound with which he was fairly familiar from having covered numerous air shows.
“Fighters,” thought Steve with dismay.
“What is going on now Steve?” asked Susan anxiously from New York, obviously picking up on the strange sound as well.
Steve turned to look west at the Golden Gate Bridge in the distance just as two F/A-18 fighter jets came roaring up and over the bridge, streaking fast and low out across the waters of the bay, screaming overhead at no more than 500 feet above the assembled multitudes. Steve saw that Larry was tracking the fighter jets with his camera so that the incredible spectacle could be broadcast to all the viewers watching the network feed.
“Triple uh, oh,” thought Steve as he momentarily forgot he was live to millions of households across the world and looked over at Laura while he was still on camera. Steve wasn’t thinking about The Big Story or his career anymore, he was considering the two individuals still on board The Catherine and the very real danger they were now facing. He could see the same grave concern he was feeling mirrored in Laura’s beautiful olive-green eyes.
“Steve?” chimed Susan Sampson’s melodic voice from her New York studio.
“I pray Allan Elliott isn’t somehow connected to those fighter jets,” worried Steve as he regained his professional composure, easing back into the conversation with Susan in order to continue their coverage of The Catherine and her “We Love You” message for the world.

Chapter 55

Turner Drake was standing in the kitchen of his New York City loft with his mouth wide open. He felt dumbstruck, unable to move, like a lightning bolt had hit his cerebral cortex, completely disabling all his faculties. He was pretty sure that a giant bug of some sort could have hopped in his mouth and the sum total of his response would have been to distractedly realize that it didn’t taste very good.
“Absolutely incredible, amazing, fantastic,” said Turner breathlessly as he stood transfixed, completely motionless, staring through the arched entrance to his kitchen at the plasma-screen television hanging on the wall of his living room. His statuesque stillness made him look as though he had been mesmerized into human stone by the flickering lights and colors of the TV.
“Unbelievable,” thought Turner with wonder as he continued to stand motionless, his mouth agape, while he watched the fantastic ship that was as much a work of art as it was a sailing vessel move majestically through the waters of San Francisco Bay. He felt like cheering as he saw its sails puffing out grandly, as though they knew what they were saying as they proudly proclaimed their message of “We  You”  to the world.
Turner thought the picture he was seeing must have been coming from a helicopter as he was getting an incredible, slowly rotating view of the entire ship, including frequent closeups of various portions of the vessel.
“As you can see, there are many artistic elements that seem to cover the entire ship...” said the faceless reporter on the television as the camera continued to scan the ship from multiple angles.
Turner saw there was an amazing, hand-crafted figurehead attached to the bow of the ship, and as the camera zoomed in closer on the Virgin-Mary like carving, he noticed the familiar words “Safe Haven” come into view. Turner noticed as well that the elegant letters which made up the phrase had been painted grandly in a rich golden hue that had been mixed with just enough metallic glitter so that as the bow of the ship splashed joyfully through the water, the sea spray and sunlight would mix together in front of the figurehead to form hundreds of tiny rainbows in the air around it.
“Thank God for plasma screens and high-definition television,” thought Turner, realizing that he would never have been able to see the kind of intricate, amazing details he was noticing without the powerful levels of resolution that a high-definition picture provided.
“The Catherine,” read Turner as the camera pulled back again, swinging around to show the rear of the ship.
“It really does look like a stylized pirate ship from the 1600s. It’s clearly their best work yet,” thought Turner as he considered the other pieces of artwork he had already acquired in his now much-prized “We Love You” collection.
Turner loved the circular roller coaster that he had dubbed “Endless Love” and the beautiful Angel from Phoenix that he called “Heart of God,” but the ship he was seeing now was so fantastic, so incredible, that he knew his collection would not be complete without it. He just needed to come up with an appropriate name...
“Perhaps something nautical, something having to do with mercy and grace would be appropriate,” thought Turner.
Turner almost cheered as the camera pulled back again, giving him and the other million or so viewers a perfect view of things as a salvo of fireworks burst from the aft deck of The Catherine, the pyrotechnics rocketing into the sky and exploding in a glittering, cheerful  celebration of gold and red and purple.
“It’s the holy trinity of motion sculpture,” breathed Turner with a sense of excitement and purpose that felt almost impossible to contain and which seemed to want to burst forth from him like his own display of fireworks, like an explosion of pure, unadulterated passion.
“I have to find a way to acquire that ship!” thought Turner with more than a little desperation.
Turner shut off the toaster that was currently doing more burning than toasting and literally ran to his bedroom to pull on some shoes and grab his cell phone. Within 15 minutes he had a charter flight booked to San Francisco, one which was leaving from JFK in exactly 2 hours and 27 minutes. He would have to hurry.
“Impressive travel planning under duress,” thought Turner with a wry smile, “but still not soon enough to ensure the acquisition. I need to get some on-site help asap.”
Turner knew he needed somebody on location in San Francisco immediately if not sooner to assist him with putting things together if he was going to guarantee that the magnificent ship would become part of his “We Love You” collection, and he knew he needed someone more informed about nautical matters and maritime and salvage law than he was. If he was going to succeed, then it was clear he was going to need some expert advice and assistance. He hoped that he would just be able to buy the sculpture somehow from whomever came into its possession, but he had his doubts based on the spectacle that he was currently witnessing as to how trouble-free or easy that particular operation was going to be. The level of publicity that the piece was getting was likely going to make things a bit more difficult this time. Turner thought it was very likely that he was going to need the help of someone with some serious experience and expertise in the area of maritime and salvage law.
“But from where and from whom?” thought Turner, a sense of desperation and near panic beginning to creep into his soul as he found himself in very unfamiliar territory. He was light years away from being an expert on anything having to do with ships or sailing or marine salvage laws. The last time he had captained a vessel he had been in a canoe on the Boundary Waters in Minnesota. He didn’t have time to search the web, and he was pretty sure there wasn’t a site called expert-nautical-assistance-and-all-things-maritime.com anyway. He needed someone with a nautical clue, someone who could point him in the right direction, and he needed it soon.
Turner looked back at the TV – and found a potential answer to his prayers.
“Steve, of course!” thought Turner excitedly as he watched the handsome, Mel Gibson-like face of Steve Rogers appear on his television screen.  
 Steve was on location for ABC covering the story, thus he was certainly in the right place at the right time, and Steve had been indispensable in helping him procure the Angel in Phoenix. And Steve was in a boat, a boat that likely had a San Francisco version of a crusty old sea captain on board. Steve might just be able to offer some assistance in tracking down someone who could help him. It was worth a shot anyway.
“I love you Steve,” thought Turner as he punched up Steve’s number on his cell. He knew Steve likely wouldn’t answer his personal phone currently. He was, after all, on the air with the gorgeous Susan Sampson  from Good Morning America. Turner hoped, however, that Laura might pick up and answer the call.
Turner had become fast friends with both Steve and Laura over the past few months as they had gotten to know each other while working together to acquire and move the fantastic, colossal Angel from atop the clinic in Phoenix. They had attended several art shows together as well, and had enjoyed each other’s company at dinner on several occasions. Turner now counted both Steve and Laura among his small set of personal friends.
“Steve’s phone?” came the pleasant voice of Laura.
“Laura, this is Turner. Am I interrupting? Can you talk for a minute?”
“Sure Turner,” replied Laura in a cautious tone of voice as she picked up on her friend’s somewhat harried demeanor. “Is everything okay?”
“Yes, fine, Laura, thank you for your concern,” replied Turner. “I do need some help, though. I have to find a way to acquire that ship and add it to my collection of ‘We Love You’ art.”
“I think it’s beautiful too, Turner.”
“I am desperate Laura,” pleaded Turner earnestly. “Do you know if Steve has any connections in the maritime world who might be able to assist me? Someone who can help me figure out just how to acquire a pirate-ship sculpture with a ‘terrorist’ owner?”
“I’m not sure, I don’t think we have ever talked about anything like that specifically,” replied Laura with a bit of a girlish giggle.”
“We are almost to a break though Turner, I can let you talk to Steve for a minute if you would like.”
“Yes please, Laura, that would be wonderful, thank you so much,” answered Turner, hoping that Steve would be able to help him somehow.
“Turner!” came the familiar, friendly voice of Steve Rogers as Turner watched the plasma TV in his living room temporarily cut away from Good Morning America and Steve in order to display the newest Pepsi commercial which featured the children of Britney Spears – all with shaved heads – sneaking Pepsis from their mom’s refrigerator.
“Hello, my newest New York friend and fellow art aficionado,” replied Turner enthusiastically, happy to hear his friend’s voice.
“I know you don’t have much time, Steve, so let me get right to the point,” continued Turner. “As you know, I already have the Roller Coaster from Lincoln and the Angel sculpture from Phoenix. These two pieces currently make up what I call the ‘We Love You’ collection of artwork.”
“Nice name,” said Steve with an approving chuckle.
“Yes, I like it too, thank you Steve,” replied Turner. “Anyway, I am not going to feel that the collection is complete unless I am able to procure the magnificent vessel that I am currently watching sail gracefully through the waters of San Francisco Bay.”
“I need your help to do that Steve,” continued Turner. “I need you and Laura to act as my on-site agents again until I can get out to San Francisco. I have already booked travel and I will be there within a few hours, but I am deathly afraid that I could lose out on that ship in the meantime.”
“Can you imagine, Steve, can you see it? All three pieces, the Roller Coaster, the Angel and the Pirate Ship all displayed together in a museum exhibition. It would be amazing, incredible. It would be fantastic,” said Turner somewhat breathlessly.
“It would be a site to see,” replied Steve. “And we would be happy to help any way we can Turner. What did you have in mind?”
“Do you have any contacts who would be expert in maritime and nautical matters and who might be able to help me acquire that ship from a legal perspective?” asked Turner. “If you are like me and don’t have any nautical contacts, perhaps the captain of your current vessel might be of some assistance?”
“Captain Stubing,” thought Steve as the theme to the Love Boat once again started to play in a loop in his head.
“Any ideas Steve?” asked Turner hopefully.
“I think we might be in luck Turner.”
“Excellent! Excellent!!” repeated Turner excitedly. “Do you have a name for me?”
“Douglas Pike,” replied Steve as he thought how funny it was that his interactions with Turner often felt like a spy game of some kind.
Steve had met Douglas Pike at a gala event for the network in New York City. It was an event that would have been somewhat boring had it not been for Douglas. Steve recalled how Douglas had regaled him with fascinating tales regarding his work at NUMA, the National Underwater and Marine Agency. Steve remembered being particularly fascinated by the various stories Douglas had to tell of sunken ships and lost treasures, some of which he had helped find again. He had made a mental note at the time to add Douglas Pike not only to his “must-haves” list of future party attendees, but also to his contact list as a potential expert source on all things nautical.
“I can’t believe I forgot to mention him to you before Turner,” continued Steve. “Douglas is really an amazing person, a true expert who is definitely one of the good guys – has some truly incredible stories to tell as well. If anyone can help you figure out how to secure The Catherine for the ‘We Love You’ collection, it’s going to be Douglas.”
“I have to get back on the air with Susan now Turner, but I will ask Laura to forward Douglas’ contact information to you,” continued Steve. “Does that sound okay?”
“More than just okay, Steve. Thank you so much,” replied Turner sincerely. “It looks like I am going to owe you again.”
“You don’t ever owe me my friend, but I think we might both owe God something,” replied Steve seriously. “I think God might have a plan, a mission for us in all of this that we are supposed to discover and follow. You can pay me back by working with me as a friend to figure out how we might be able to fulfill that mission.”
“Agreed, as long as we can do so over some gloriously decadent cheese pizza at Gino’s and then take in a Yankees game afterwards,” answered Turner with a smile.
“That sounds fantastic Turner, I would love to,” replied Steve with a friendly laugh. “Gotta go now though, back on the air in 30 seconds. Please fill Laura in on any details as to how we can assist you further and let us know when you arrive out here in San Francisco.”
“Just one more thing Turner, I think that ship really is meant to be a part of your collection, so I am sure it will work out somehow. Goodbye for now,” said Steve, wanting to reassure his obviously somewhat-stressed friend that all would be well.
Moments later Steve was once again live to millions, easing effortlessly back into his very public “personal conversation” with Susan Sampson.
“What did Steve say? A mission for God?” mused Turner as he poured out a travel mug of coffee and hurried to the elevators in his building so that he wouldn’t miss his cab to JFK.
“That certainly does sound interesting.”

Chapter 56

“We have to go now Juan. It’s dangerous to remain on board any longer!” exclaimed Miles with more than a hint of desperation in his voice as he stood on the aft deck of The Catherine with his friend and fellow shipbuilder.
“One more airborne grand marshal to help lead the parade,” thought Miles as he looked skyward at the sound of yet another helicopter joining the others already flying overhead.
Miles could see there were now multitudes of air- and sea-based vehicles in the distance that were beginning to close on their position upon the green waters of San Francisco Bay. It was becoming readily apparent that within a very short period of time they would likely be boxed up inside a sort of loose-knit semi-circle of “spectators,” many of them with military or police affiliations. Not only were they in danger of losing their chance for escape, they were in danger in general.
“Juan, please. It simply isn’t safe to stay here any longer,” said Miles, praying his friend would capitulate and agree to leave the ship with him.
As if to punctuate his point regarding their rather perilous situation, the two F/A-18 fighters that had  recently appeared on the scene suddenly came screaming back across the area, once again at a very low altitude. Miles instinctively ducked just a little as the jets’ engines split the sky overhead with their warrior’s cry. Miles was relieved the fighters hadn’t flown through the area five minutes earlier, as they had just finished launching another volley of fireworks into the skies over the bay.
“I don’t think it would exactly be a public-relations coup for us to be accused of trying to shoot down a couple of F/A-18 with fireworks,” thought Miles as he turned his full attention back to Juan.
“Juan, what else can I do to convince you that if we stay on board this ship we are likely going to be in serious trouble?” pleaded Miles as he pointed first at the jets streaking back towards the Golden Gate Bridge, then at the rapidly burgeoning flotilla of pleasure craft, official vessels, and other watercraft that from the look of things would have them nearly encircled within the next 30 minutes or so.
Miles was truly thrilled to see that the latest leg of their Art Show for God was enjoying a tremendous turnout, but he didn’t want to try and disembark from The Catherine in the midst of a full armada bearing down on them. Miles simply had to convince Juan that he needed to join him in the little red dinghy that was floating along behind them, and he needed to do so now. Miles knew they were rapidly running out of time if they were going make good on their escape plans.
“Juan, please,” tried Miles as he put his hand on the shoulder of his friend and tried to reason with him. “It could get very, very dangerous remaining on board this ship. You saw those fighters. They don’t look like they’re here for the local air show this weekend.”
“She’ll capsize my friend. The winds are starting to cross, like the currents of the bay,” said Juan matter-of-factly, lifting his arm to the strengthening morning breeze as though he were attempting to gauge its direction and power by gently shaking its hand.
“There is simply no way that our remote rudder control is going to be enough to manage this ship in these winds,” said Juan flatly.
Miles just shook his head, not wanting to admit it, but knowing in his heart that Juan was probably right. The winds were picking up, and Juan certainly had a lot more experience with the sea than he did. Miles looked down over the back of The Catherine at the little red dinghy trailing behind them as it bobbed playfully with an enticing promise of safety. He was at a complete loss as to what to do.
“Everything okay?” chimed in Bruce on his 2-way radio from the chase boat 50 or so yards away. “In case you haven’t looked around lately, we are starting to attract a serious fan base for this concert, and I think we are going to be in trouble if we have to stick around past the first set.”
Miles grabbed his 2-way radio and turned away from the wind in order to be able to hear Bruce more clearly.
“We’re fine, Bruce, we’re just...”
And then Miles felt himself falling, a wave of astonishment and disbelief washing over him as he plummeted to the water below. Miles hit the cold waters of San Francisco Bay legs first, making a truly stupendous splash. It was an explosion of water for which any junior-high-school boy at the community pool in summertime would gladly have taken credit.
“Lo siento my friend,” said Juan as he cast away the line for the little red dinghy, watching with relief as Miles surfaced from the bone-chilling waters of the bay right next to the little boat.
Juan saw that his friend was spluttering from the cold and he was very wet, but he seemed otherwise unharmed as he climbed aboard the little red dinghy that was now gently rising and falling in the water next to him. Juan was heartened to see that Bruce was quickly making his way towards Miles and would have him on board the chase boat in very short order.
“You are right my friend. It is far too dangerous to remain on board this vessel, far more dangerous than you know,” said Juan as he turned back to his duties on The Catherine, making his way purposefully toward the little tool compartment next to the main mast.
Unfortunately, Juan already knew he couldn’t just toss the little bag he had placed on board The Catherine over the side. Things weren’t going to be that easy. He had been forced to place the device inside the little tool compartment, then secure it to the main mast with a steel cable and a combination padlock And although he had done the dirty work, Juan certainly hadn’t been inside the “need to know” loop far enough in order to be privy to the combination for that particular lock. What he could do, however, was at least try to dismantle or defuse whatever was inside the little satchel. He had sent his entire family back to Spain in the middle of the night earlier in the week. They would be safe with family there. Now it was time to try and make amends for what he saw as his sins of weakness and cowardice.
“Juan, are you there?” came the worried voice of Miles from the speaker on Juan’s radio.
“I am here Miles. I am glad that you made it aboard the chase boat with Bruce and Immanuel,” answered Juan as he looked over at his friends and waved.
“Juan, what is going on? Is everything okay? Why did you push me overboard?” asked Miles with concern. “We are worried about you Juan. We want you to get off that ship before things get any more dangerous.”
“Miles, do you trust me as your friend?” asked Juan, speaking calmly into his little blue radio.
“Of course Juan, absolutely,” said Miles without hesitation. “In spite of the frigid dunking you just gave me.”
“Then trust me now my friend. I have to stay on board this ship. There is something I must do. A sin remains for which I must atone. I owe it to you, to Bruce, to Immanuel, and to The Catherine,” said Juan in a tone of voice that was heavy with pain and regret.
Miles placed his little waterproof radio against his forehead, unsure what to make of Juan’s strange behavior and fearing greatly for his safety. Miles knew in the end, however, that he had to trust his friend.
“Do what you need to Juan, I trust and support you,” replied Miles. “And God bless.”
“Gracias my friend,” said Juan solemnly. “Please head out to Alcatraz with Bruce and Immanuel as was your original intention. I will take The Catherine through the rest of her journey today. I promise to set off a few more fireworks for you if all goes well.”
Juan cut the channel with Miles and stuffed the little blue radio in his back pocket as he looked around at the the numerous boats in the bay that now seemed closer than ever. He quickly changed headings to try and buy some time, steering The Catherine further away from her fans in order to try and maintain at least some distance between his vessel and the flotilla that was rapidly closing on him. Juan knew he needed to try and buy himself some time if he was going to defuse the little plot of pure evil that was due to be born upon The Catherine anytime.
Juan lifted the cover to the “toolbox” next to the main mast and grabbed the waterproof flashlight from within. He carefully opened the heavy little bag and shined a bright beam of light inside.
“Holy mother,” breathed Juan shakily as he knew immediately that he was looking at a very nasty bomb which was likely radiological in nature.
“A dirty bomb,” thought Juan as a cold hand of dread seemed to claw at, then grasp his heart. He knew if the bomb went off, thousands in San Francisco would likely be harmed or killed. He also knew that by reaching inside the bag, he was potentially going to cause himself grave physical harm as well.
“Like sticking my hand in a microwave oven while it is running,” thought Juan.
But he knew he had no choice. He had no one to blame for his predicament other than himself.
“That’s why they call it atonement,” thought Juan as he opened the bag fully in order to try and get a better look at the device inside.
The first thing Juan noticed was a flashing red light on the top of the device that looked to him like the eye of the devil as it blinked on and off slowly, seemingly winking at him with a sense of evil amusement. Juan surmised that the little red light let one know that the device was operational.
“Since you are winking at me, I am going to assume that your evil heart is still beating,” said Juan, speaking aloud to himself in order to try and calm his nerves.
Juan could see clearly as he examined the device that it was actually a very simple piece of work. Unfortunately, Juan also knew from his former military service that the “best,” most reliable bombs were usually the simple ones.
The bomb consisted of a blasting cap pushed into what looked liked some Semtex plastic explosive, four “D” cell batteries, a radio receiver, and some colored wires that connected the components together. A metal box that housed the radiological material was welded securely to the bottom of the device. The bomb was simple, but it was put together well – for maximum effect. There was enough Semtex to create a mini mushroom cloud out on the bay, and there would be no decoupling the radioactive material in order to “localize” the effect of any blast.
And Juan could see another problem. There appeared to be too many wires. Although he was not exactly expert in current explosives technology, Juan was no slouch, either. In his youth he had undergone rather extensive explosives training with the Spanish military, and he had learned enough to know that there were definitely more wires attached to the device than should have been required to create the simple circuit that was necessary to trigger it.
“Likely booby-trapped somehow,” thought Juan seriously. “Cut or tear away the wrong wire, and boom.”
“So which one is the wire that makes the devil’s eye blink out of existence and which one is going to blow me sky high and pollute half of San Francisco with very-dirty radioactive debris?” considered Juan as he felt a twinge of anxiety begin to creep up his spine.
Juan knew it wasn’t the black, white, or red wires, those were out of the question. But there were still two more that seemed to be superfluous to the explosive equation.
“Yellow and green or black and orange?” thought Juan.
“Help me Santísimo Padre,” prayed Juan silently as he gently touched the crucifix he always wore beneath his shirt. “Orange and black, or yellow and green?”
Juan inhaled sharply, grabbed onto the yellow-and-green wire firmly, and pulled hard so that the wire came completely away from the device. The devil’s eye blinked once, twice – and then went out. No explosion. No deadly radioactive cloud making its way across the bay towards the women and children enjoying a day near the ocean while taking in the sights of Fisherman’s Wharf.
Juan fell backwards in relief onto the deck of the Catherine as he crossed himself and thanked God for answering his prayers while he gazed up at the blue skies overhead. He didn’t think he had ever seen a more glorious day.
“I think this calls for a celebration and some fireworks,” said Juan with a grin as he carefully resealed the still-dangerous little bag and closed the lid to the toolbox next to the main mast, making his way back to the “launching tubes” that Bruce had installed on the aft deck of The Catherine.
Juan noticed as he moved towards the rear of The Catherine that a bright-red San Francisco Fire Department fireboat was rapidly closing with him. He didn’t give it more than about 15 minutes before the fireboat would overtake him and come up alongside.
“I’m thinking they aren’t too keen on me shooting off fireworks from the back of my sailing boat without the proper permits,” thought Juan with a grin.
Juan guessed he would be asked to trim his sails significantly once the fireboat caught up to him, and although he really didn’t want to take down their message of “We Love You,” he figured he would likely have to comply as he didn’t want to endanger anyone by racing The Catherine alongside other vessels, especially when he was operating her shorthanded. He thought he would be okay to leave their “Living Water” banner flying in the breeze, however, which made him happy because he knew Miles had a special affinity for that particular sign and its message.
“I think I have just enough time to put on one last fireworks show for Miles,” thought Juan with a smile as he began reloading the fireworks tubes that Bruce had constructed and secured to the deck of the ship.
“What’s a pirate ship without some cannons?” thought Juan with a laugh as he remembered what Bruce had said while installing The Catherine’s “weaponry.”
Juan felt a genuine sense of relief and salvation flow through him as he thanked God once again for sparing and blessing him, and for allowing him to atone for his sins.
“I think we’ll celebrate alongside God by joining in his painting of the sky with a few colors of our own,” thought Juan with a smile as he carefully placed gold, crimson and purple aerial fireworks in the three tubes, lit the fuses, and sat down cross-legged on the deck to enjoy the show.

Chapter 57

“So how was the water?” asked Bruce as he looked at Miles with a sideways grin.
“Revitalizing in a very cold kind of way,” replied Miles as he wrapped his blanket a little more tightly around him.
“And you’re sure that Juan is ok?” asked Bruce, his voice belying more than a little concern.
“I sure hope so,” replied Miles seriously. “Like us, he didn’t have a whole lot of confidence in the remote-control system handling things on autopilot. I know how he feels. I think it would pain all of us greatly to see The Catherine flounder due to a hiccup with the remote-control system.”
“But there seemed to be something else, something that was bothering him, perhaps something he didn’t want to tell me...” continued Miles. “He did tell me not to worry, though; that he knows what he is doing. Besides, Juan is certainly a tough old Spaniard who is no stranger to sailing and the sea. The Catherine couldn’t have a more competent captain. I wish he wouldn’t have pushed me in the water, but I can see his point. He clearly did it to protect me. I likely wouldn’t have left willingly had he just asked me.”
“I guess we’ll just have to rely on our faith and trust that God is in charge and also knows what he is doing,” finished Miles with a wink, knowing that his statement sounded a lot like something Bruce would say.
“Ahhhh.... Ooooohhhhh...” intoned Miles and Bruce in unison as they turned back to their view of the bay, applauding gratefully at the sight of more fireworks grandly exploding in the sky.
Both men were sitting easily in lawn chairs, taking in the show from the vantage point of a little raised grassy plateau at the far northwest end of Alcatraz Island. Immanuel was there too, also enjoying the fireworks that Juan was setting off aboard The Catherine. From the sound of the “applause” emanating from the horns of hundreds of boats out in the bay, it appeared that the assembled crowd of art fans approved as well.
“Leave it to San Francisco to enjoy and appreciate the out of the ordinary and the bizarre, even when it’s completely unexpected and just kind of pops up in front of them,” thought Miles with a smile.
As a genuine fireworks enthusiast, Miles was thrilled at the sight of the pyrotechnic display that Juan was providing, but he was even more pleased with the fact that the fireworks provided proof that Juan was still safe and sound aboard The Catherine. Miles continued to worry, however, about Juan remaining on board their “pirate ship.” Despite being a master shipbuilder and seaman, Juan was still in constant danger of experiencing a sailing tragedy of some kind. He was, after all, attempting to operate a fairly large, somewhat untested sailing vessel single handedly, and he was doing so in the middle of the sometimes unpredictable winds and currents of San Francisco Bay – while simultaneously putting on a fireworks show for the assembled masses. The F/A-18 fighters were also still occasionally making screaming passes over the area, and Miles had no idea what their eventual intentions might be.
“I ask you again God to bless and protect Juan, that he might be returned safely to his family,” prayed Miles as he watched The Catherine continue to make her way playfully across the water. Miles had a bit of déjà vu roll through him as he realized the imagery was eerily similar to the “dream” he had experienced with Ashley.
It was truly enthralling to watch The Catherine sail grandly through the waters of San Francisco Bay. They had a perfect view. Miles estimated she was only about a ½ mile or so out from their position on Alcatraz. Miles watched with genuine happiness as the white sails of The Catherine billowed in the wind, proudly proclaiming their bright crimson message of “We  You” for all the world to see. Miles thought the light-purple “Living Water” banner that streamed and rippled out from the crow’s nest atop the main mast had turned out beautifully as well, adding a very nice artistic touch and dash of whimsical color to the overall persona of the vessel.
“She turned out beautifully,” thought Miles as he once again considered his beloved wife Catherine, the inspiration and namesake for their ship.
“We built her for you dear. We did our part. I trust God to now do his part. I know he will be sending help to you very soon,” thought Miles as a wave of longing and yearning for his beloved wife flooded through him, bringing tears to his eyes yet again as he thought about his wife sitting lost and alone on that little patch of hardwood floor.
Miles suddenly felt his heart try to leap from his chest with surprise as something hard and metallic was pressed aggressively into the back of his neck.
“I do believe that is a gun of some sort,” thought Miles with a kind of detached sense of amazement as he felt a chill race down his spine that was as much the result of shock and fear as it was from the cold of the unforgiving steel that was pushing into the sensitive skin at the nape of his neck.
“We Hate You,” said Allan Elliott with a mocking sneer as he kicked Miles over and out of his lawn chair, leveling his Glock semi-automatic pistol at Bruce as he did so, making sure that Bruce understood clearly that it would be a very bad idea to play hero and attempt to come to the aid of his friend.
Miles cried out involuntarily with pain as he hit the hard, cold ground of Alcatraz Island, his bad leg folding the wrong way underneath him as he fell.
Miles heard Immanuel start growling lowly and dangerously from somewhere near Bruce as he struggled to gather his wits and regain his bearings.
“Easy boy,” said Miles as he glanced over at the DoBernard who was baring his teeth in an angry snarl.
Miles managed to compose himself enough up to sit up fairly quickly, immediately seeing that the large, somewhat portly man who had kicked over his chair was not alone. He had three very-dangerous looking comrades accompanying him, all of whom were dressed head to toe in black and were carrying very nasty-looking automatic weapons, weapons that were currently trained on Miles, Bruce and Immanuel.
“You know they’re the good guys if they’re dressed completely in black,” thought Miles wryly as he looked over at Bruce and the DoBernard to make sure they were still okay.
Miles immediately recognized the man who had sent him tumbling as Allan Elliott. He had seen him on television on several occasions following both the Roller Coaster and Angel exhibitions. Miles knew he was the lead investigator on their “case,” and he groaned inwardly at seeing him now. Allan Elliott and his “smile” that would make mothers shield their children in terror was not someone Miles had ever wanted to meet.
“Well, well, what have we here?” asked Allan Elliott as he grinned evilly, obviously very satisfied and pleased with himself as he began prancing around the area regally. “Looks like our ‘Information Terrorists’ were a little bit careless and got themselves caught.”
“Sir, we have an incoming communication that requires your attention,” interrupted one of Allan’s black-clad “soldiers.” “Do you want to go ahead and join us on the secure conference channel?”
“This is Assistant Director Elliott,” said Allan impatiently, tapping the volume on his very-expensive-looking headset as he gave the black-clad minion who had exhibited the audacity to interrupt him a cold stare of promised vengeance.
“Assistant Director, we’ve got a bit of a situation here,” came the familiar voice of David Marsten through Allan’s headset. “There are more than a few boats pulling in on this side of the island in order to get a good view of the show going on out in the bay, and they are disgorging a significant number of tourists and sightseers. We need some help managing the crowds.”
“David, can’t you ever handle anything without me?” spat Allan, clearly aggravated at being interrupted in the middle of his moment of glory. “I’ll send the rest of the team over to assist you.”
“You three, head back to the embarkation point and assist David with whatever he needs,” instructed Allan coolly.
The three watchdogs paused momentarily, apparently unsure if they should leave their master unguarded and unprotected.
“You heard me, why are you still here?” asked Allan as he gestured animatedly at the three black-clad troops who were standing in a small semi-circle behind him, keeping their weapons trained diligently on the terrorist threat before them.
“Get back to our landing point and assist with whatever is going on there,” instructed Allan impatiently.
Allan was actually glad for the opportunity to be rid of his usual personal-protection detail. It was going to give him the chance to be alone with his prey. It occurred to him that it might be fun to inflict a little more emotional and physical pain on the two worms in front of him before he administered his own brand of “final justice.” And he wouldn’t want to do that in front of witnesses. All the more reason to get rid of the troops so that he could begin the festivities. Any person, no matter how loyal and dedicated was a potential witness after all, and Allan knew better than to engage in any kind of “fun” with witnesses around. A witness was just a person after all, and people were prone to psychotic episodes of morality that might lead them to try and do the “right” thing someday.
“I think I can handle things here,” grinned Allan with one of his trademark leers of evil as he looked at Miles, Bruce and Immanuel with loathing.
“Yes sir!” came the simultaneous reply of the completely black-clad trio of attendants as they turned and began moving with military precision towards the other side of the island.
 “What do we have here after all? A mangy dog, a crippled doctor and a Frisbee-playing hippie past his prime? Not exactly SS Storm Troopers,” laughed Allan mockingly as he looked at Miles and Bruce, waving his gun in the air threateningly.
“I’m thinking I’ll be able to handle this bunch of dangerous terrorists,” chuckled Allan as he looked purposefully at Miles and Bruce.
Obviously not taking to Allan Elliott’s tone of voice and not appreciating him waving a gun around, the DoBernard started growling again and began to rise from his sitting position next to Bruce.
“You better keep your not-so-little doggy under control gentlemen or I will be forced to put a leash made out of lead on him,” threatened Allan with an evil gleam of pleasure in his eye as he pointed his black 9-millimeter pistol in the direction of the DoBernard.
“Oh, what the heck,” said Allan. “I’ll just go ahead and take care of it now.”
A massive, thundering roar suddenly exploded through the natural serenity of the area as Allan leveled his Glock at Immanuel – and fired. Miles involuntarily recoiled and fell backward at the explosive violence of the act as he heard the DoBernard bark out a sharp cry of pain. Miles watched horrified as he fall loosely to the ground, blood already seeping horribly from a gaping wound in his side.
“Noooo!” cried Bruce as he tumbled from his chair and crawled to where the DoBernard was now quietly laying on the cold ground, breathing shallowly.
“What is wrong with you!” yelled Bruce as he stared at Allan Elliott with an agonized expression of shock and bewilderment.
Allan Elliott’s only reply was to smile and shrug in a “Who, me?” kind of way.
Bruce knelt down quickly next to Immanuel, trying to comfort him and tend to his wound as best he could. Bruce unceremoniously ripped the shirt from his body and folded it a few times, pressing the cloth firmly against the gaping wound in the DoBernard’s side, creating a makeshift compression bandage that he hoped would stem the somewhat copious flow of blood.
“When I sharpen my flashing sword and my hand grasps it in judgment, I will take vengeance on my adversaries and repay those who hate me,” said Bruce angrily, looking over his shoulder at Allan Elliott while he tended to his canine friend.
“Awwww, a Bible quote, how quaint,” said Allan mockingly as he laughed and waved his gun at Bruce as though saying “Tsk, Tsk, Tsk” with the barrel of his weapon.
“Boys, let me tell you a story,” said Allan, his eyes glittering with danger and obvious pleasure at being able to act powerfully and impose his will on others.
“Once upon a time there were two ‘Information Terrorists’ who had an idea one day to share a silly little message of hope and love with the world,” recited Allan as he paced back and forth, gesturing wildly to punctuate his sentences while continuing to wave his pistol carelessly in the air.
“Unfortunately no one really cared about their stupid, meaningless little message, which made them angry, and being terrorists, they just couldn’t resist the temptation to engage in a little madness and mayhem as a component of their campaign for ‘love’,” continued Allan with a satisfied grin of pure evil. “So they went forth and lit fires, bombed health-care clinics, and killed people in order to try and get all the ignorant people – people who just wanted to be left alone to watch ‘Desperate Housewives’ and buy shiny Chinese baubles at Wal-Mart – to pay attention to their ridiculous little message. Although espousing peace and love, they were really zealots of the worst kind, haters of freedom and the American way.”
“With me boys?” asked Allan as his face split into a “grin” that made Miles’ stomach perform a single, very-nauseating roll.
Miles glanced over at Bruce, trying to surreptitiously establish a non-verbal communication link with his friend as Allan Elliott continued to pace back and forth in front of them. Miles knew that he and Bruce were going to have to work together if they were to have any chance at all of getting out of their current predicament.
“One day our hateful zealots decided they needed to take more drastic action in order to try and get the world to pay attention to their message, to perhaps take vengeance upon the sinners of the world who just wouldn’t listen,” continued Allan. “So they built a special ship to carry their message to the masses, a ship with a delicious little treat built right into her belly – a radioactive ‘dirty’ bomb that when triggered would spew forth a black cloud of destruction and decay upon the world, sickening and killing thousands of innocent people with its evil plume.”
Miles glanced over at Bruce again and the two men exchanged looks of grave concern while attempting to maintain the outward appearance that they were both genuinely spellbound and enthralled by Allan Elliott’s monologue. Miles thought he saw the same sense of dread that he was feeling in Bruce’s eyes. The possibility that an explosive device packed with radioactive isotopes was aboard The Catherine was a matter of gravest concern for both of them.
“And then, from the ashes of the destruction wrought by our Information Terrorists, a hero who is unafraid to accept his birthright as a ruler arises like a Phoenix to take vengeance upon the wicked, to lead his country in a new direction, a direction replete with safety, and security – and order,” continued Allan passionately, his voice cracking with emotion, the fanatical gleam of a cult leader shining in his eyes.
“A dirty bomb,” thought Miles, trying to ignore Herr Elliott’s diatribe as he again looked over at Bruce who was still tending to the life-threatening wound in the side of the DoBernard.
Would Allan Elliott really do such a thing? Or was it just a ploy, a ruse of some kind to further his agenda?
Miles looked carefully at the pacing, gun-waving Assistant Director of Strategic Operations for Homeland Security as he described his plan to harm thousands of innocent people in order to create his version of a “perfect world.” It was a world that sounded to Miles like some sort of neo-fascist utopia where the oligarchy would finally take its “rightful” place publicly as the ruling class, openly imposing its will on the country and the world for the “good” of all.
Miles suddenly had a mental image of Allan Elliott dressed in a black SS uniform. Allan was smiling while working diligently to load women and children onto railroad cars.
“Just following orders,” said Allan with a grin as he pulled a little girl away from her crying mother, kicking at a stray dog with his highly polished black boots while lifting the little girl with a smile into a jam-packed freight car.
Miles suddenly knew without a doubt that Allan Elliott was indeed likely the type of “man” who was capable of the type of atrocity that he was describing.
As if to affirm that Miles’ conclusions about his nature were correct, Allan suddenly produced a small remote-control unit and extended it in his hand, holding it out to Miles and Bruce as though it were some sort of offering.
“A burnt offering to be sure, definitely not a holy one,” thought Miles grimly, not really wanting to consider what would happen if Allan Elliott were to actually trigger the remote unit in his hand.
Miles saw that the control unit had a small red switch on it that was protected from being accidentally tripped by a clear plastic cover. He hoped that cover stayed in place.
“Usually I would let someone on my team take care of a matter such as this,” instructed Allan in a confidential, secretive tone of voice, as though Miles and Bruce were a couple of new recruits that needed to be trained properly regarding the ins and outs of black operations. “But this time I just couldn’t resist.”
“Juan!” thought Miles as he glanced out at The Catherine still cheerfully splashing through the waters of San Francisco Bay, blissfully unaware as she played that she was about to have her innocence defiled as she was blown violently from the water, raining death and destruction down upon all those who had come out to admire her grace and beauty.
Miles felt himself looking on in horror as he turned back to Allan Elliott, watching in slow motion as Allan slid back the clear-plastic protective cover over the red switch on the remote-control, triggering the device as he flipped the switch with a gleeful giggle and a horrible excuse for a “grin.”
Miles recoiled a little, hunching his shoulders slightly and wincing as he looked out at The Catherine dashing through the Bay, waiting for the tremendous explosion of tragedy that would end her life and those of so many others.
Nothing.
“What?!” growled Allan Elliott angrily as he flipped the little red switch back and forth several times in frustration.
Still nothing.
“Why can’t things ever just work right!?” raged Allan as Miles and Bruce caught each other’s eye, sharing a knowing look of tremendous relief.
Miles thanked God silently for not allowing Allan Elliott to blow up their ship and their friend and endanger innocent people in the process.
“David, are you there!?” asked Allan impatiently as he smacked his headset angrily in order to initiate a secure communications link with his assistant.
“David, radio the Strike Team and have them trigger the device on the ship. My remote unit seems to be broken.”
Miles heart sank again as he and Bruce shared another quick look of dismay, both men turning almost involuntarily to once again look out at The Catherine still gracefully navigating the green waters of the bay. Miles noticed that a very-red, fairly large San Francisco Bay fireboat was rapidly closing with The Catherine and that Juan was trimming the sails in order to allow the fireboat to come alongside. He hoped that the fireboat crew wouldn’t get caught up in any explosions.
 Miles waited, cringing involuntarily a little again as he waited for the blast.
Again, nothing.
“David! Nothing is happening!” screamed Allan Elliott into his headset as he started turning in a circle, angrily waving his semi-automatic pistol in the air above him.
“What do you mean the Strike Team’s units also appear to be non-functional?” screamed Allan, his voice rising in pitch as his anger started to boil over, clearly scalding whatever was left of his emotional and spiritual well being, filling him to bursting with a tidal wave of burning fury.
Miles and Bruce looked at each other as they watched Allan Elliott pace back and forth with complete frustration and anger. They knew he was close to completely losing control of his emotions and going into an apoplectic fit of rage. They also knew with absolute surety that they did not want to be around when that particular event occurred. They needed to find a means of escape, and they needed to do so immediately.
“David, tie me into Site Command, we’re going to initiate Plan Echo,” growled Allan angrily into his headset as he turned back towards the Bay and began scanning the skies overhead.
“Commander, this is Assistant Director Elliott, we have reliable reports of a powerful, conventional explosive device on board that vessel out in the bay. We have incontrovertible intel that the terrorists intend to sail their ship near Fisherman’s Wharf and detonate their device, potentially harming hundreds if not thousands of innocent people, including women and children. I want you to call in a strike from those F/A-18s out of Miramar that are in the area and take out our primary target before it can reach the Wharf area.”
Miles and Bruce both ducked a little, feeling as much as hearing the roar of the F/A-18s as they suddenly came screaming low and fast over Alcatraz Island again, racing back out across the water towards The Catherine.
“I’m definitely not liking ‘Plan Echo’,” thought Miles with worry as he watched the extremely lethal F/A-18s rocket towards both The Catherine and Juan.
Miles watched with great relief as the fighter jets passed over The Catherine three times, but fired no missiles in order to try and sink her. Miles saw that the red fireboat had taken a position very close in alongside The Catherine, and he assumed the jets were not letting loose with their salvos of missiles because they did not want to risk blowing the fireboat from the water as “collateral damage.”
Allan Elliott, of course, did not care if 100 boats were blown up. He needed The Catherine blown sky high so that his evil little cloud of radioactivity could wind a black path through the streets of San Francisco. He knew that without his horrific terrorist event and massive disaster, there would be no neo-fascist utopia that would be run by himself and his brethren – the “rightful” heirs of world domination.
“No disaster, no ‘Land of Everything’,” thought Allan with mounting despair as he watched in disbelief as the fighters failed to take action.
He had to get that ship blown out of the water.
“Commander,” growled Allan dangerously into his headset. “Why are those pilots not sinking that vessel? Have you seen the media circus that is taking place here today? Do you want thousands of women and children to die horribly on national TV?” asked Allan in mock seriousness.
Allan paused momentarily, his breath coming in ragged gasps of frustration.
“Yes, Commander, I am listening,” remarked Allan with disdain.
Miles watched, a little amazed, as Allan Elliott actually managed to stop ranting for at least 30 seconds while he listened intently to whomever was speaking to him from the other end of his secure communications channel. Miles could see Allan’s shoulders progressively slumping and his mouth increasingly twitching with a clear desire to scream as he listened, however. Miles thought Allan looked as though he were literally going to explode at any moment.
“Commander, I want you to understand something,” explained Allan, obviously trying to reign in his anger but sounding very much like he was going to fall off “Anger’s Cliff” into the “Abyss of Absolute Fury” at any moment.
“I don’t care if that fireboat out there does have new equipment that allows it to detect radiation, and it is picking up dangerous levels on board that terrorist vessel out in the bay. I don’t care if the fireboat captain thinks he has a plan for neutralizing any potential danger from both explosive devices and any possible spread of radiation. I don’t care if Bugs Bunny is on board that ship dancing with Daffy Duck while Elmer Fudd plays the banjo!”
“I am telling you that there is no radiological device on board that ship, and thus there is no danger in blowing it up. I don’t want that idiot captain to use his water cannons to flood the primary target and sink it so that it won’t endanger any populated areas with radioactive fallout. I want that ship blown out of the water, and I want it done now! Do you understand me, Commander??!!!”
“Hello!?” screamed Allan into his headset, obviously speaking only to dead air now as the two F/A-18s came streaking over Alcatraz Island again in order to perform one last wide turn before exiting the airspace over the bay where The Catherine and the red fireboat were now close enough together so as to appear to be mating. Fountains of water could now clearly be seen pouring forth from the “cannons” on board the fireboat. It looked like they were indeed going to slowly flood, eventually swamping, The Catherine.
At least she’ll be preserved, if a little wet,” thought Miles, grateful that The Catherine wouldn’t be an unknowing accomplice to a Nazi master plan and that Juan would likely be able to find safety aboard the fireboat.
“Blow it up!!” screamed Allan into the sky, practically frothing at the mouth, running after the F/A-18s as they streaked overhead, firing his Glock into the air at the jets as they roared away into the distance.
“Blow it up! Blow it up! Blow it up!!!!!!”
Miles and Bruce knew their chance had arrived as they quickly exchanged glances of “good luck” – and ran.
Bruce scooped up the still-breathing DoBernard in his arms and took off sprinting towards their chase boat, while Miles limped away in the opposite direction as best he could. Miles hoped that Allan Elliott would follow him, allowing Bruce and the DoBernard to get away.
Bruce managed to make it more than 50 yards before Allan Elliott came to his senses enough to realize that his captives were attempting an escape.
“Where do you think you’re going!?” called Allan with a little maniacal laugh as he turned from his tirade at the jets in the sky to see his “Information Terrorists” trying to escape his clutches. 
Allan leveled his Glock at the rapidly retreating Bruce Badeau, took careful aim, and pulled the trigger.
Click.
“Gaahh!” bellowed Allan, seemingly unable to utter anything other than primordial cries as a total rage seemed to completely overtake him.
Allan realized as he watched the retreating Bruce Badeau disappear behind a low hill that he had emptied his clip into the sky shooting uselessly at the F/A-18 fighter jets as they had flown past overhead.
“I’ll be back for you later Mr. Badeau,” spat Allan as he grabbed a fresh clip of ammo from his belt and reloaded his Glock.
“I don’t think you are going to be able to limp fast enough to escape me my good doctor,” called Allan after Miles as he turned his attention back to his primary target.
Allan knew he needed to rid the world once and for all of Dr. Miles Trebuchet. The good doctor now knew Allan’s secrets after all, and it just wouldn’t do to have Dr. Miles Trebuchet become some sort of icon with the Internet conspiracy-theory community while he spent his remaining days in a federal prison. Allan didn’t want any loose ends potentially tying up the advancement of his career.
Miles knew Allan was unfortunately right as he made his way painfully across the uneven surface of Alcatraz. His leg hurt. He was moving slowly. He didn’t have much chance of actually getting away.
“I can still help my friends though,” thought Miles as he continued to limp, “running” as fast as he could towards the water below, grimacing in pain as his bad leg reminded him with every step that it didn’t like falling and tumbling on hard, rocky ground.
Miles had no idea what he was going to do when he got to the water’s edge, but he figured it was at least a direction to take that would lead Allan Elliott away from Bruce and Immanuel.
“I will kill him,” promised Allan with a maniacal cry as he took off at a run after Miles, almost skipping as another wicked “smile” split his face like a twisted scar.
As they ran, neither Allan nor Miles noticed the unremarkable little ocean-going power boat a few hundred yards away, bobbing gently in the greenish-grey waters that surrounded Alcatraz Island as it moved slowly backward toward a small cove.
They also didn’t notice there was a cameraman with a working camera on board the vessel.

Chapter 58

“Did we get that? Please tell me we got that?” asked Steve Rogers anxiously in a hushed but hopeful tone of voice that sounded as if he thought he might break a magic spell of some kind if he spoke any louder.
Despite his cautious tone, the excitement in Steve’s voice was readily apparent. Steve could feel the thrill of the “Big Story” once again coursing through his veins as he stood on the deck of their motorized ocean vessel just behind Larry who was still kneeling in his favorite filming position. Steve still couldn’t believe what they had just witnessed.
“Did we really just see the Assistant Deputy Director of Strategic Operations for Homeland Security throw a conniption fit and start shooting at Navy fighter jets and civilians under his supervision?” said Steve, feeling like he might as well be saying they had just gotten footage of a UFO landing on top of the Golden Gate Bridge.
“I think we did,” said Laura in a somewhat awed tone that gave voice to Steve’s amazement and disbelief. “And I’m pretty sure we got it all on tape.”
“I definitely got it all,” said Larry as he lowered the camera from his shoulder, securing the powerful parabolic microphone next to him as he started to play back what he had just recorded through the camera’s viewfinder.
“Do you think they are going to be alright,” said Wenona, an expression of distinct worry and heartfelt concern painting her face as she helped Laura remove the headset she was wearing.
“That man was shooting at my Bruce...”
“I pray everyone will be fine Wenona” said Laura with a smile of reassurance for their new friend who had joined them in San Francisco to be with them during their coverage of The Catherine’s maiden voyage.
“Don’t worry Wenona, it sure looked to me like Bruce got away without being hurt, and we’re heading over his way now to see if we might be able to offer some assistance,” continued Laura as she embraced Wenona gently to let her know that whatever happened, they were glad to have her as a friend and would be there for her.
“I think we might just see some just desserts being served very soon,” said Steve with no small measure of satisfaction as he looked over Larry’s shoulder at the shocking images rolling across the viewfinder of Larry’s camera.
Steve knew that the video and audio they had just captured likely meant the end of Allan Elliott and his black-hearted career of political gamesmanship. He remembered clearly his thoughts for Allan regarding “sowing and reaping” when he had last been saddled with the unfortunate “pleasure” of Allan’s company. From the look of the footage they had just captured, it appeared that Allan was about to reap a little of what he had sown.
“That’s a lunch date I never want to ‘enjoy’ again,” thought Steve as he felt sudden pangs of guilt resurface for having provided Allan Elliott with potentially damaging information regarding Miles and Bruce and their Art Show for God.
Steve knew he had only been trying to protect Laura from the maniacal clutches of Herr Elliott, but he had still felt like a weakling and a coward as he had capitulated to Allan’s demands for information. And he still felt like a traitor, despite having come clean with Miles and Bruce about his lunch date with Mr. Elliott. In defiance of his “promise” to Allan Elliott that he would say nothing, Steve had felt it was his duty and responsibility to fully inform the man he had first known as Batman and now considered his friend about the potential danger he was facing. The Feds were on to the Love Bandits and their Art Show for God; they needed to know.
Despite Miles’ immediate forgiveness, Steve’s guilt at having potentially put Miles and Bruce in danger had been tremendous, and Steve remembered breaking down in tears as he had apologized to Miles over and over for his “treacherous” behavior. But Steve also remembered how Miles had tried to console him, obviously far more concerned with Steve’s welfare than he was with his own safety.
Steve considered how Miles always seemed to be able to look at things through a lens of forgiveness and love. Steve thought Miles was truly a class act and was likely one of the best friends he had ever had.
Steve remembered how Miles had told him that he had done the right thing in placating Allan Elliott and that he shouldn’t worry too much about his perceived “betrayal.” He had only been trying to protect the woman he loved – an act that was worthy of honor, not condemnation. He had also reminded Steve that there was really little any human could do to thwart the will of God, thus Allan Elliott could try to destroy as much or as little as he wanted. He wouldn’t succeed in either case unless God willed it.
Miles had gone on to tell a bit of a parable, about how one could think of God as a bit of a “trickster,” some kind of comedian with a rather cruel sense of humor who enjoyed playing games and toying with the subjects of his creation. But if one were to swim towards the deep end a little further, foregoing the perceived safety of feeling the ground always beneath one’s feet, then a person could perhaps begin to see that God’s  “games” were perhaps not cruel at all, but were instead specifically and masterfully crafted with the sole intention of helping those he created and loves.
“Us,” Miles had said.
Miles had continued his parable by explaining that to try and understand all the rules of the game is pure folly. We’re not physically or spiritually capable. A salamander might as well try to understand physics. Instead, we should focus on what we can control – our actions in accordance with the tenets of love, and our faith.
“And your faith turned out to be justified Miles,” thought Steve as he considered how utterly amazing it was that the world had not come crashing down on Dr. Miles Trebuchet and Bruce Badeau after Allan Elliott had learned of both their plans and their general location in the San Francisco Bay area. Steve had expected Herr Elliott to use the information he had given him to call down his version of the hand of God upon Miles and Bruce. Instead, nothing had happened, and Miles and Bruce had been given ample opportunity to finish the last piece in their Art Show for God. Steve could only conclude that both God and Allan Elliott wanted Miles and Bruce to complete their project and launch their ship for some reason. Steve found himself unconcerned with God’s reason. It was Allan Elliott’s motive that gave him pause.
Steve heard a soft, involuntary cry of alarm emanate from Wenona as what sounded like another gunshot suddenly rang out in the distance, making some nearby seagulls erupt in a fusillade of scolding condemnations. Steve was increasingly glad that he had instructed the captain of their rented vessel to surreptitiously make for cover, heading in the general direction of what they thought would be Bruce’s likely escape route. He would have preferred to stay in a position that would have allowed for continued filming and coverage of Director Elliott’s immoderate breakdown. But not at the cost of somebody getting hurt. Steve didn’t want Laura, Wenona, or any of them exposed to a madman in an apoplectic rage who was prone to firing his pistol into the air indiscriminately. Steve knew from personal experience how unstable and dangerous Allan Elliott really was. He didn’t want to take any unnecessary risks with the safety of his friends or the woman he loved. He was relieved that they had thankfully managed to slip unnoticed behind a small outcropping of rock near a cove, a cove that would provide them with at least a little temporary safety.
As Steve continued watching the imagery roll across the little viewfinder screen on Larry’s camera, he found himself having a little trouble coming to terms with what they had just seen – as well as heard courtesy of their amazing little parabolic microphone. The truth of the matter was they had just recorded audio and video of the Assistant Director of Strategic Operations for Homeland Security outlining his plan to engineer a monstrous “terrorist” event that was meant to destroy a good portion of a major US city, intentionally injuring and perhaps killing thousands of innocent people in the process. And it was all designed and intended to further an evil agenda that wasn’t even particularly creative. Like most “bad guys,” Allan Elliott sought rather simple, almost pedestrian goals – the attainment of ever more prestige, power and wealth.
“The evil sure aren’t very creative,” thought Steve, feeling a little shell shocked after witnessing Allan Elliott outline his diabolical plan.
Steve knew intellectually that there were “bad” people and that there was real evil in the world. But to actually see and hear the darkness in real time, to film it and feel it, was something that he wasn’t sure he was ever going to be able to truly intellectualize and understand. It just didn’t seem possible to Steve that there could really be people like Allan Elliott in the world.
Steve also knew, however, that despite being more than a little disturbing, what they had just recorded was also incredibly powerful. As news people at their core, Steve, Laura and Larry were all very aware that they had just captured the news equivalent of a supernova on tape. It was an absolute blockbuster of a story. Combined with the footage they already had of Khalis Kemen detailing the “official” fire bombing of the clinic in Phoenix, Steve knew they were likely looking at a plethora of prestigious awards and an almost-certain Pulitzer nomination.
“Mass murder and mayhem, all brought to us by rogue elements within our own government who have sufficient access to black-budget funding to continue their operations of evil,” thought Steve, feeling righteous anger well up within him as he considered how ridiculous and pathetic it was that such a thing should be permitted to take place in a country that had traditionally served as a beacon of light and freedom to the world.
“Something really needs to be done to change things,” thought Steve as he considered how many other Allan Elliotts might be busy climbing political and bureaucratic ladders at the expense of the integrity and honor of the country.
“Steve, I am worried about Miles and Bruce, do you think they are going to be okay?” asked Wenona quietly, temporarily interrupting Steve’s thoughts about Allan Elliott and his government-sponsored reign of terror.
Steve found himself drawn to Wenona’s sweet, feminine voice that always contained just a hint of her Lakota Sioux ancestry. It pained, Steve, however to hear the concern and genuine anguish that was in her voice now.
“I genuinely hope so Wenona,” replied Steve as he looked at their new friend with compassion and thought how uniquely and distinctly beautiful she was with her long raven hair and broad, high cheekbones.
“A genuine Lakota Sioux Princess,” thought Steve as he considered again how lucky Bruce Badeau was to have the devoted love of such a beautiful, amazing woman.
“A love story for the ages,” thought Steve as he remembered how he and Laura had contacted Wenona at the request of Batman, whom Steve now knew to be Dr. Miles Trebuchet. Steve remembered too how Miles had told he and Laura the story of long-lost love between Wenona and “Robin,” who Steve now knew was Bruce Badeau.
Steve recalled fondly how he had put his arm around Laura and had drawn her to him when she had begun to cry as Miles described how Bruce, even though he hadn’t seen Wenona in almost 20 years, had still completely forsaken all others in an act of faith, contrition, and eternal devotion. Wenona would always be Bruce’s only love – his “forever girl.” Bruce Badeau would simply love her without reservation or condition, without question – forever. When Miles had outlined his plan for reuniting Wenona and Bruce to Steve and Laura, they had both jumped at the chance to participate and help out in any way they could.
Steve and Laura had been communicating with Wenona over the past few weeks about the possibility of coming out to San Francisco in order to see and perhaps connect once again with Bruce Badeau. Wenona had been amazingly calm and accepting when they had contacted her, and Steve and Laura had shared a look of amazement as Wenona had explained to them how she had also never gotten over Bruce and how she had been patiently waiting for him to contact her again.
“Bruce and I are meant to be together. We were made for each other,” Wenona had said. Steve clearly remembered seeing the tears glistening in Laura’s beautiful olive-green eyes as they had marveled together at the power and beauty of Bruce and Wenona’s love story.
The original plan had been for Wenona to meet Bruce somewhere in San Francisco where appropriate arrangements would be made so that Bruce and Wenona could be brought together at a romantic location. Laura had suggested a “chance” meeting on a cable car, which sounded like a lot of fun initially, but upon further consideration seemed maybe a little too busy and hectic for a reunion of the kind they were planning. They had all decided they would be better off with a more traditional venue – a simple, romantic restaurant, perhaps something with an incredible view overlooking San Francisco Bay. They just needed to find the right setting. At Mile’s suggestion, Steve and Laura had shared a wonderful, romantic meal together at Alfonso’s near Fisherman’s Wharf in San Francisco. Both Steve and Laura had immediately recognized Alfonso’s, with its classic atmosphere and breathtaking views, as the perfect location for the reunion of Bruce and Wenona.
“I hope it can still all work out somehow,” thought Steve as he prayed for both Bruce and Miles to be delivered from the madman who was stalking them.
Steve was suddenly very glad he had decided to tag along when he had seen Miles and Bruce making their way from The Catherine out to Alcatraz Island. The newsman inside of him had been yelling at him to stay with The Catherine, to stay with the story. But his heart had demanded something else. Steve had chosen to follow his intuition and his heart, and he was very glad now that he had done so, as he was now in a position to possibly help a friend in need. He was also in possession of perhaps the biggest news story involving government abuse and corruption since the Waco tragedy of the early 1990s where dozens of innocent women and children lost their lives in a violent clash with government authorities.
Steve was pulled unceremoniously from his thoughts as he suddenly heard Wenona cry out sharply again. He looked up and was somewhat shocked to see “Robin” standing almost directly above them, his fluffy beard blowing in the ocean breeze. Bruce Badeau was holding a huge dog in his arms and was standing at the edge of a hill that seemed almost steep enough to qualify as a cliff. Steve watched in disbelief and amazement as Bruce literally jumped off the edge of the “cliff” into the air, landing on his backside against the severe slope. Steve then held his breath as Bruce – the massive dog cradled carefully to his chest, his knees pulled up so that his feet could help steer him and regulate his speed – began very rapidly sliding down the 50 or so feet of severely sloped hill that separated him from the small beach that ran around the inside of the little cove where Steve and his companions floated easily in their blue-and-white motorboat.
Before he had time to even think about what he was doing, Steve found himself leaping over the side of their boat, splashing through the cold, waist-high waters of the cove to reach the nearby shore as quickly as possible in order to try and help Bruce.
Bruce ended his descent in a cloud of dust as he tumbled onto the little beach in a heap, still managing somehow to keep the huge dog he was holding cushioned gently on his chest.
“Need some help?” asked Steve with a smile as he helped Bruce to his feet, making sure to assist with supporting the huge dog that Bruce carried as he did so.
“Thank you,” replied Bruce breathlessly as he cradled Immanuel carefully in his arms.
“Think I could catch a ride to the nearest veterinary hospital?” asked Bruce.
“Absolutely my friend,” replied Steve with another genuine smile as he gently brushed some of the dust from Bruce’s shoulders and back.
Steve wanted to say hello and introduce himself, as he was pretty sure that Bruce had not yet recognized him and they had never officially met. But Bruce’s dog was clearly wounded badly and needed attention asap, thus Steve thought it might be best to temporarily hold off on any official introductions.
Steve and Bruce made their way carefully back to the boat that Steve and Laura had temporarily dubbed “The Big Story,” working together to support the DoBernard as gently as possible between them. The water was borderline freezing, and Steve felt himself starting to shake almost uncontrollably as he waded with Bruce back towards their vessel.
“Thank you,” said Bruce and Steve in unison as they tumbled aboard shivering, gratefully accepting blankets that Laura and Wenona had readied for them.
Steve noticed that Bruce didn’t even look up as he accepted his blanket, continuing to care for the needs of the gravely wounded dog in his arms with singular focus. Steve couldn’t help but grin a little as he watched Bruce share his blanket with his dog, drawing the animal gently back onto his lap and leaning unknowingly against his long lost love, the woman he had been waiting almost 20 years to see.
Steve glanced over at Laura and then at Wenona. Both women were absolutely beaming, just a hint of mischief playing at the corners of their smiles as they waited for Bruce to recognize Wenona.
Steve watched as Bruce started to take in his surroundings, and then smiled as he saw Bruce’s eyes go very, very wide.
“Wenona?” asked Bruce with complete disbelief as he looked into the beautiful eyes of the woman sitting next to him, the woman he loved more than life itself.
“Hello ‘Mato Wic’as’a’,” said Wenona in her native Lakota Sioux as she smiled and touched Bruce’s cheek while lightly caressing his beard.
Bruce knew exactly what the phrase meant. It was Wenona’s “pet name” for him, her traditional term of endearment. It was what she had always called him because of his long, flowing beard and generally very hairy nature.
“Bear Man,” thought Bruce with a smile, laying the DoBernard gently down next to him for a moment in order to turn and embrace the woman he loved with everything he was.
Steve and Laura exchanged knowing looks and smiled at each other as they saw that Bruce was still holding Wenona’s hand after breaking his initial embrace with her. It was obvious already that he was never going to let go again.
“We have to try and help my friend,” said Bruce as he looked at Steve with a prolonged glance, as though Steve looked vaguely familiar somehow but Bruce was having trouble placing him.
It was clear that Bruce had a thousand questions for Wenona, and a hundred more for Steve and Laura, but it was equally clear he knew the answers to his questions were going to have to wait. Miles was in trouble. They needed to focus on trying to help him.
“Perhaps I should introduce myself and our team here,” stated Steve as he extended a friendly hand to Bruce and explained quickly who they were and what they were doing in the area.
“Nice to finally meet you Steve,” replied Bruce, thinking that Steve looked even more like Mel Gibson in person than he did on TV.
“I can only assume I have you and Miles to thank for Wenona being here,” continued Bruce as he looked at Wenona next to him with a grateful expression of complete love and devotion, touching her cheek and hair gently with affection.
“Mostly Miles,” replied Steve.
“I apologize profusely for being somewhat rude, but as much as I would like to continue this conversation,” stated Bruce seriously. “I have a friend in trouble who is in dire need of assistance.”
“Bruce, I know how much Miles means to you, and I know how much you want to help him,” replied Steve. “And believe me, we know how much danger he is in. We were watching everything that happened earlier, with Allan Elliott blasting away at just about everything and everyone in sight.”
“But to be honest, I’m not overly eager to head back out into open water to once again be within Allan Elliott’s firing range,” said Steve with concern. “Especially not with Wenona and Laura on board.”
Bruce breathed deeply, heavily. It was obvious he intellectually agreed with Steve, but his body and spirit had other ideas. It was clear that everything in him was urging him to do anything he could, take any risk necessary, in order to help his friend.
“You’re right of course Steve,” replied Bruce, his shoulders slumping a little with defeat. “Allan Elliott is a complete madman and we can’t risk the women we love.”
“The needs of the many must outweigh the needs of the one,” continued Bruce as he gave Wenona’s hand a squeeze and then bent down to fluff the fur on the head of the giant dog at his feet.
“Unless you’re the one,” said Bruce, diving over the side of the boat and splashing headfirst into the frigid waters of San Francisco Bay.
“‘Mato Wic’as’a’!” exclaimed Wenona as she ran the rail of the vessel.
“Let me guess,” said Steve as he watched Bruce swim away from the boat. “This means we’re going to rescue Bruce and then help him to try and assist Miles...”
Steve looked at Laura who simply nodded, giving her assent that she was willing to risk any danger together with him. He didn’t have even have to look at Wenona to know that she was in.
Steve looked at Larry – who just grinned and hoisted his camera into a shooting position.
“I should have known,” said Steve with a knowing smile.
“Captain, please bring us back out into the bay, but please stay well back of the island itself for now,” requested Steve. “And please see if you can get close enough to that man swimming furiously through the water to see if we can make him see the sense of rejoining us back on board.”
The crew of The Big Story caught up to Bruce quickly, Wenona taking care of getting him back on board with the promise they would all seek to assist Miles in any way they could – in spite of any rampaging madmen, despite any danger. After his foray into the chilly waters of San Francisco Bay, Bruce accepted their offer gratefully, shivering more than a little as he wrapped himself and the DoBernard in a hand-crafted Sioux blanket of Wenona’s.
At first they saw nothing as they chugged along back out into the open waters of the bay, but as the island’s western side came fully into view they could clearly discern a scene that might very well have been comical had it not been what they knew to be a life and death struggle. They saw Miles limping desperately as he made his way as rapidly as he could towards the water, while Allan Elliott chased after him rather disjointedly, waving his arms crazily and shouting as he went, as though he were conducting some kind of manic lecture concerning the proper methodologies for taking down Information Terrorists on the run.
Steve felt a small seed of hope begin to sprout within him as he thought it looked like Miles was perhaps going to make it to the water before Allan Elliott caught up to him, which meant they might have time to swing their boat back towards the island and rescue him. Steve’s hopes quickly dimmed, however, as he watched Allan Elliott suddenly stop chasing Miles and kneel down, steadying himself as he clearly took aim with his pistol.
“Oh!” cried Laura with shock and concern as three distinct shots rang out in quick succession, blasting through the serenity of the morning with an alarming violence.
Nobody spoke as they watched Dr. Miles Trebuchet fall and tumble to the ground, just as he reached the shoreline of Alcatraz Island.
Complete silence quickly descended upon the crew of The Big Story as the horror of what they had just witnessed began to sink in, the DoBernard whining softly into the breeze.
“We have to go and help him!” agonized Bruce as he gripped the rail of the boat, appearing as though he were going to once again leap overboard in order to try and swim the quarter mile or so back to the island.
“We will call the local authorities and let them know a man has been shot on Alcatraz Island. That is the most we can do for now,” said Steve in an understanding but firm tone as he placed a restraining hand of comfort and reassurance on Bruce Badeau’s shoulder.
Steve knew he needed to physically hang on to Bruce a little. He could feel from the tension in the shoulder he was gripping how much Bruce wanted to leap into the water to try and help his friend. The tendons and muscles in Bruce’s shoulder felt like guitar strings that were being strummed.
“We have to trust God on this Bruce,” said Steve, knowing that if Bruce went back into the water it wouldn’t help Miles. It would only lead to Bruce being hurt in some way as well – either by the frigid waters of the bay or by the evil hand of Allan Elliott.
“I have failed the best friend I ever had,” replied Bruce sadly, hanging his head and leaning into Wenona for support as she temporarily stopped tending to the DoBernard in order to embrace him.
“Bruce, I hardly think what you and Miles accomplished together could be termed a failure,” said Steve compassionately as he continued to keep his hand on Bruce in such a way so as to firmly discourage him from leaping overboard into the icy-cold waters of San Francisco Bay.
“I think Assistant Director Elliott’s reign of terror is going to come under some intense public scrutiny very soon,” replied Steve seriously as he gestured toward Larry who was still filming the events that were unfolding on the island.
“O Lord God, to whom vengeance belongs— O God, to whom vengeance belongs, shine forth,” quoted Bruce from the Bible.
“Amen,” agreed Steve. “And may God visit his righteous wrath against all the Allan Elliott’s of the world.”
“Amen,” said Laura as she came to stand next to Steve.
“God bless and protect our friend Miles. Grant him grace and let him find peace,” uttered Bruce with rare anger and remorse as he hung his head sadly once more, his gaze tracing back across the water again to his friend who was now lying unmoving on the shores of Alcatraz Island – with the devil himself quickly approaching.

Chapter 59

“If I can make it to the water, perhaps I can swim out a ways and dive down, maybe find a little protection from the hail of gunfire that I know is likely coming,” thought Miles as he continued to lurch toward the low surf rolling up against Alcatraz Island.
“Or maybe I’ll get really lucky and a nearby boat will see me swimming out and will come to my aid,” thought Miles, trying to remain positive despite the incessant, maniacal rantings of Allan Elliott that were being brought to him occasionally by what should have been a pleasant ocean breeze.
“Leave it to Allan Elliott to corrupt even the air,” thought Miles as he tried to pick up his pace a little, a small kernel of hope starting to sprout within him as he watched the little waves that were lapping gently at the shoreline get closer and closer as he limped along.
“Almost there,” rasped Miles breathlessly, even more hope spilling out into his soul as his feet hit the “sand” on the tiny little beach toward which he had been angling.
“It’s more like wet mud than sand, and it’s not much of a beach, but it’s better than taking a high dive from 30 feet up off a rocky cliff face,” thought Miles as he continued to make his way across the muddy strip of “beach” as rapidly as possible toward the water.
“Whuf!” said Miles in shock and amazement as he heard three distinct explosions rip through the air, his body flying forward involuntarily as what felt like several leaden weights smashed violently into his back. He felt like he had just been shoved by a giant hand, the sensation of the weights in his back like someone hitting him with a sledgehammer, completely knocking the air from his lungs and making his mind reel with an almost stupefying sense of surprise.
“I think I’ve just been shot,” thought Miles with more surprise than alarm, feeling a growing sense of unreality and disconnectedness come over him as his limbs seemed to suddenly take on a life of their own, flailing in the air wildly as he crashed uncontrollably to the cold, wet mud below.
Miles was dismayed to find he had ended up on his stomach directly in front of the water, his cheek pressed uncomfortably into the wet, chilly mud. He was even more dismayed to find that he was unable to move and that he could already taste the dank, sopping goo as it began to creep into the corner of his mouth.
“So close,” thought Miles as he examined the waves lapping at the shore only a few feet in front of him.
Miles was pretty sure he had indeed been shot and was likely going into shock.
“Something is definitely wrong. I’m pretty sure I wouldn’t be snacking on this awful-tasting black guck by choice,” thought Miles with a mounting sense of shock-induced detachment as he tried to get his mind and body to properly respond.
Miles thought it would be a stupendous idea to roll over at least enough to lift his face from the wet muck in which it was now embedded. He wasn’t quite sure yet why his body seemed to disagree.
“I’ve about had my fill already of clammy black muck for breakfast this morning,” mused Miles, thinking how odd it was that he should be finding humor in his current predicament.
Miles had read in various journals during his years in medicine that shock tied directly into the pleasure centers of the brain in order to limit pain and discomfort when the body was in dire circumstances. He was starting to truly believe those journals now as a sense of overwhelming unreality enfolded him, separating him from his body, seemingly turning him into an audience member for his own final act.
Miles tried with all his might to move again, but his body remained callously disobedient to his commands. He finally gave up and decided to just relax and watch the small waves lap at the shore a few feet in front of his face, sadness starting to settle upon his soul as he began to truly comprehend the magnitude of his current predicament. Miles wished fervently that he could roll over so he could at least see the blue morning sky once again – for what he knew might be the last time.
“Please God, if this is to be my time, I ask that you let me see the majesty of the morning sky one last time, and remember, we had a deal,” prayed Miles silently, knowing that his current feelings of separation and detachment likely foretold an impending state of total systemic shock that was almost assuredly the result of mortal injuries to his body.
Miles felt a slight sense of panic start to claw at the corners of his mind as he suddenly tasted the saltiness of his own blood, bubbling scarlet beginning to leak slowly into his mouth from his massively damaged lungs. Despite the impending state of shock that was rapidly making it hard to think clearly, Miles was very aware that he needed immediate medical attention if he was going to have any chance of making it off Alcatraz alive.
“Harall!” cried Miles as loudly as he could, attempting to call out for assistance, hoping that perhaps there might be a good Samaritan somewhere nearby who would be willing to assist him.
Miles was more than a little disappointed with the wet gurgle that escaped him instead of the robust cry for which he had been trying. Unless his rescuer was already standing less than three feet away, there was no way his cry for assistance was going to be sufficiently loud to summon any help. It seemed rather incredible actually to hear only a wet gurgle that barely approximated the word he been trying to form come from his mouth when he had been trying to shout out the word “help.”
“Losing the ability to speak is clearly not a good sign. Definitely in real trouble here,” thought Miles as he tasted salt again, feeling the blood begin to pour more freely into his mouth.
Years of medical education told Miles that he was likely going to drown in his own blood in the next few minutes.
“I should have studied engineering instead,” thought Miles as genuine pain that was powerful  enough to penetrate the veil of shock that had enveloped him began to run the entire length of his body.
“I pray it was enough Catherine,” rasped Miles, small bubbles forming in the blood that was now dripping from his mouth as his words escaped him.
“What did you say enemy of America?” asked Allan Elliott as he suddenly appeared over Miles, coming to a breathless stop and beaming with glee over his conquered prey.
“I don’t think I quite heard you terrorist,” spat Allan as he pressed the barrel of his gun viciously into Miles’ cheek so that Miles’ face sunk deeper into the cold wet of the mud along the shoreline.
 “Let’s turn you over so you can see the source of your demise,” laughed Allan triumphantly as he flashed one of his signature “smiles.”
“Thank you,” thought Miles as he watched the clouds above roll into view. It was a beautiful, Indian Summer sky of hard blue. He couldn’t have asked for a better “last sky.”
Miles gazed up at the blue eternity beyond Allan Elliott and immediately saw two clouds floating together that greatly resembled Angels, Angels that appeared to be very similar in appearance to the ones Miles had sculpted for his little statue of tribute to his fallen wife and daughter, the piece he had named “My Family.”
“Ashley, Catherine – My Family,” thought Miles.
“Looks like you’re not going to make it Dr. Trebuchet,” leered Allan with pleasure as he leaned in close over Miles’ face.
Miles barely heard what Allan was saying to him as he continued to be amazed by the glorious beauty of the sky-blue portrait above him. The whole sky seemed to be aglow with a color and vibrancy that Miles didn’t think he had ever seen before.
“It looks like the entire sky has been painted with pure love,” thought Miles as he smiled with genuine joy.
“What are you smiling at enemy!” screamed Allan, spittle flying from his mouth in a wet spray as he became enraged that Miles wasn’t acting more frightened and tormented.
“What’s that?” asked Miles as he looked at the beautiful, glowing sky past Allan Elliott’s shoulder.
“Who are you talking to?” shouted Allan grabbing Miles by the front of his windbreaker and shaking him as though he were trying to dislodge an answer that had become stuck somehow.
“What are you doing?!” protested Allan in a high-pitched squeal as Miles suddenly reached up with a lightning quickness that should have been impossible given Miles’ current state of health. Miles wrapped both arms around Allan, pinning his arms to his sides and pulling him inexorably downward towards Miles’ now profusely bleeding mouth.
“Let go! Let go of me! Let go!!!” screamed Allan repeatedly as he twisted and turned, pulling hard against the human restraints that held him, trying his utmost to resist Miles’ grasp. But it was as though Miles suddenly had the strength of 10 men, and Allan felt his face slowly inching inescapably closer to Miles’ open, bleeding mouth.
Miles pulled Allan as near to him as possible, so that his mouth which was now pouring crimson blood was within a hair’s breadth of touching Allan’s ear.
“What do you want!? Let me goooooooooooo!” screamed Allan again in a panicked whine, his heart beating fast and hard with terror at being held in a supernaturally powerfully embrace by the hands and arms of a profusely bleeding man who was clearly dying.
Miles only embraced Allan harder, “hugging” him tighter as he brought his mouth up next to Allan’s ear.
“Let go!” wailed Allan again, his eyes wide with fright.
“We Love You,” whispered Miles, dying as he uttered his last earthly words.

Chapter 60

“What do you mean I can’t come in!?” screamed Allan Elliott as he stood in an isolated back alley, spittle erupting from his mouth and landing on the lapel of his best white tuxedo as he voiced his displeasure. A thin trickle of water from a recent rain ran along the edges of the alley, winding through the small crevices, cracks, and fissures that adorned the face of the aged passage. It looked as though nature was trying to scour some of the uncleanliness from the area.
“I have a valid invitation. It’s right here!” yelled Allan as he waved a black envelope with a splotch of red on the back in the air, raging furiously at the frustratingly uncaring and seemingly dead eyes behind the small metal view hole in the familiar door to Club Owl. Allan knew the invitation was actually his father’s, but he still thought he should be entitled to use it.
“Do you know who I am!?” railed Allan as he began to fear that he really might not be granted access to the club and would thus miss out on this year’s annual occurrence of “Sushi Night.”
“All those delectable Asian delights. I can’t miss out on that,” thought Allan with despair as he looked with pure hatred upon the grey eyes behind the door.
“Yes, as a matter of fact I do know who you are,” replied the dead eyes behind the view hole coldly. “You’re nobody.”
And with that the small view hole closed firmly with a muted metallic “clink.”
Allan couldn’t believe it. He was flabbergasted. He was the Assistant Director of Special Operations at Homeland Security. He was the son of Senator Allcott Elliott, one of the most powerful and important men in Washington. He wasn’t one of those worms who crawled out of bed every day to trundle off to a meaningless 9 - 5 existence, a useless eater whose life revolved around “American Idol” and foot ball games. He was somebody!
“You’ll regret this!” screamed Allan as he threw his now-useless invitation against the black metal door that had been carefully worked so as to appear appropriately aged and rusted.
“I will get you! You will pay! I will expose you – all of you!” railed Allan, his breath now coming in hard, ragged gasps of barely controlled rage as he balled his fists and thrust his hands deep into his pockets in a somewhat comical display of rather pubescent protest.
“I can’t believe this,” thought Allan again as he leaned his head forlornly against the dark metal door in front of him.
He really needed a little rest and relaxation of the Club Owl kind. He was completely frazzled. Nothing had been going right for him lately.
Allan had just finished his first two days of testimony before a closed session of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Things had not gone well. Despite his denials, his long-time good standing within the organization, and his traditionally “good name” that was backed by the presence and power of his senator father, he had been absolutely raked over the coals. It was becoming clear to Allan that Congress, the Administration, and the entire Washington establishment was looking for someone to take the fall on this one, and he was going to be their guy. Allan wondered again if he could somehow find a way to push the blame off onto his assistant David Marsten.
“If not for that meddling Steve Rogers and his friends, I would have gotten away with it,” thought Allan, kicking the black metal door in front of him in anger once more.
“I am going to enjoy destroying you Steve Rogers,” thought Allan as he felt pure hatred flow into and through him, his face splitting obscenely into a twisted scar of a “smile” as he relished the sensation. “You are going to pay dearly my friend, and your little girlfriend too.”
Allan knew how damaging, how absolutely damning the evidence was that Steve Rogers had collected against him. It was evidence that was going to be hard to refute and deny. Witnesses Allan could deal with. Destroying the credibility and viability of witnesses was not a problem, Allan already had plenty of experience with that sort of thing. An eye witness could always be bribed, threatened, discredited, or even killed if necessary. But it was going to be almost impossible to refute or kill the video and audio evidence that had been compiled against him by Steve Rogers and his compatriots.
His only hope was to somehow get rid of the evidence, something he had thus far been completely unable to do. Allan had placed phone call after phone call to the “right people” in order to see if it might be possible to lose or re-classify the evidence so that it would be inaccessible, but he had encountered limited sympathy and had gotten absolutely no results. Allan was not looking forward to tomorrow morning when that video and audio evidence was scheduled to be shown and reviewed by the Senate Select Committee before which he had been summoned.
“I need a vacation. I need some ‘Sushi Night’ Asian delights,” thought Allan despondently as he kicked the black metal door to Club Owl a final time, turning on the heel of his $200 dress shoes to walk the three blocks or so back to the parking garage where he had deposited his Lexus.
Allan picked up his pace as he reached the street. He was now in a hurry. He had people to ruin and he wanted to get started. He barely felt the very slight pinprick in his left arm as a man, who was also in an obvious hurry, came bustling up the street, jostling and bumping into Allan as he passed by.
“Watch where you’re going!” spat Allan at the back of the individual.
“Someday we are going to rid the world of useless nothings like that,” thought Allan vindictively.
Allan began to feel slightly sick as he reached the parking garage, his head starting to pound with a dull thud, a cold sweat breaking out on his forehead. He also felt a little nauseous, his stomach cramping uncomfortably just a little.
“Great,” thought Allan as he settled into the supple leather of his Lexus’ driver’s seat, “now I am getting a virus of some kind to boot.”

Chapter 61

Turner Drake walked confidently into the exquisitely decorated main hall of the auction house wearing his best tuxedo and his red, Salvador Dali-inspired bow tie. Unseen beneath his tuxedo, Turner wore the white t-shirt he had procured on eBay, the crimson letters upon the shirt proudly proclaiming the now-famous and internationally recognized slogan, “We  You.”
Although always a stylish individual, Turner wouldn’t normally be worried about looking quite so dapper for an art auction, but today was special, and he wanted to look his absolute best. In some ways he was sad when he thought about what he had planned for the morning, but he took a great deal of solace in the knowledge that his actions served the greater good. Turner planned to auction off his “Holy Trinity of Motion Art”; all three pieces from his beloved “We Love You” collection would soon be going to the highest bidder.
“We pay tribute here today to the man and artist we knew as Dr. Miles Trebuchet,” thought Turner as he glanced around the luxuriously appointed room, his eyes coming to rest on three very-large plasma screens that had been strategically placed above and behind the raised dais where the auctioneer would conduct the morning’s proceedings. Each screen displayed a slowly rotating live picture of one of the three sculptures that would very soon be up for sale.
Turner stood and stared with interest at the screens as the sculptures he had named “Endless Love,” “God’s Heart,” and “Captain’s Mercy” proudly displayed their elegance, majesty, and creativity to those who had come out to see them and enjoy their clever, nuanced beauty. A fairly good-sized picture-in-picture video played in the lower right portion of each plasma screen, displaying the various sculptures in action as they showcased what made them not only works of art, but marvels of ingenuity and engineering.
“Art-gineering” was the term that Turner was hearing being bandied about in the art world to describe the genre of motion-oriented sculpture on a grand scale that Dr. Miles Trebuchet and Bruce Badeau had helped introduce to the world.
“I really hope the buyer turns out to be a museum,” thought Turner again, knowing in his heart that selling the “We Love You” collection was about raising funds in order to get their new “Safe Haven Foundation” started, but preferring that a museum obtain the pieces so that the public would have the opportunity to at least periodically enjoy the amazing artwork of Dr. Miles Trebuchet. Turner was of the opinion that private collectors were good for art and the art world in general, they provided cash assistance for starving artists and liquidity for a sometimes not-so-liquid market. But there were times when a public venue was simply the best, most-appropriate place for a piece or a collection. In Turner’s professional and personal opinion, this was one of those times.
Turner took his seat in the designated “seller’s area” off to the side of the raised stage near the antique auctioneer’s lectern and dialed Steve Rogers on his cell phone.
“Turner!” came the obviously excited voice of Steve Rogers midway through the first ring.
“Good morning Steve, and thank you for the enthusiasm,” replied Turner with a smile. “Is everyone there with you?”
“Hi Turner!” came a virtual cacophony of voices as everyone tried to greet Turner at the same time.
“Here and on speaker,” laughed Steve.
“Glad to hear you could all make it and that you’re all so excited,” replied Turner goodnaturedly, grateful that his friends could be online with him for the morning’s events.
“We’re all here, the entire ‘Safe Haven Foundation’ is present and accounted for,” said Steve. “And we’re all very much looking forward to the auction this morning. Thank you again for contributing your artistic treasures and for putting all of this together Turner.”
“My pleasure Steve,” replied Turner. “But I really feel like I should be the one saying ‘Thank You’. As we discussed during our time together on the reservation with Wenona, I agree that there is a larger purpose for us in all of this, and I feel truly honored to be a part of what we are doing. I am grateful for the opportunity to pay tribute to Miles, honoring his memory by our actions and hopefully furthering his already-prodigious legacy.”
“Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; his love endures forever,” offered Bruce, somehow managing once again to find something applicable and meaningful to quote from the Bible.
“Hi Bruce,” responded Turner. “Good to hear that you are with us. I am honored to be representing your work as well this morning. “How is your canine friend? Still regaining his strength and recuperating from his injuries I hope?”
“He is getting stronger every day Turner,” replied Bruce with hope and relief in his voice. “We should be playing Frisbee again very soon I think. I am happy to say that this reservation has a plethora of opportunities for fresh air, stargazing and Frisbee play.”
“Is Wenona there with you Bruce?” asked Turner. “I want to say how happy I was to learn of your impending nuptials. Allow me please to offer my congratulations and best wishes for a truly wonderful life together.”
“I am here Turner,” said Wenona in her usual quiet voice that despite being soft and very feminine in nature always seemed to resonate with fortitude and power. “Thank you for your kind thoughts and wishes for us and our future together. Everyone from the reservation says ‘Hau’ as well, Turner.”
“Please provide them with my best in return Wenona,” replied Turner, recognizing the term for “Hi” in the language of the Lakota Sioux as he thought about the time he had taken to learn a little of the Sioux language after they had all ended up on Wenona’s reservation in South Dakota following the maiden voyage of The Catherine.
After the events in San Francisco, the authorities had held them all in temporary custody until they could get things sorted out. It wasn’t every day after all that you had a pirate ship which had been equipped with a radioactive dirty bomb sailing the waters of San Francisco Bay. They had all understood that there were important questions that needed to be asked and answered before they would be completely free to once again go on with their lives.
There had, of course, been some initial conversations concerning all kinds of criminal and civil charges. But once the eyewitness and video evidence against Allan Elliott had started to leak, the embarrassed authorities had quickly dropped all “terrorist” and other charges against Miles, Bruce, Juan, Steve, Laura, Larry, and anyone else who had been involved in nothing more than trying to spread a message of “We Love You” to the world. With the amount of public outcry that Allan Elliott’s now-exposed actions had already generated, it was clear that the authorities were desperate to save face, and the best way to do that was to make the story go away as quickly as possible. Lengthy show trials for obviously framed “terrorists” were not going to help the government achieve that goal.
At that point they had all been free to go their separate ways and continue the pursuit of their individual lives. But something had seemed to pull at them all, something that seemed to knock at the door of their souls with a message of purpose. They had all felt strongly that they were supposed to stay together for some reason, as though there was still something important for them to do, a mission that remained for them to accomplish together. At Wenona’s suggestion, they had all decided to sort out their next steps at the reservation where she grew up, a place she still called home every summer – the Rosebud Reservation in South Dakota.
Turner had greatly enjoyed the time he had spent on the Rosebud Reservation with Wenona’s Sioux tribe in South Dakota; he had stayed almost three weeks, quickly coming to love the people and their grateful, joyful way of approaching life and the world.
For weeks they had all talked and laughed and lived amongst Wenona’s people as they met constantly to talk, pray, and consider what it was they were supposed to be doing now that Dr. Miles Trebuchet was gone and his Art Show for God was complete. It had been Steve and Laura who had eventually suggested a foundation of some sort in order to honor the memory of Miles and continue to carry his message of “We Love You” to the world.
Turner Drake had possessed the insight to suggest investigating whether they might be able to auction Miles’ and Bruce’s art in order to fund the new foundation. It was an idea that everyone had loved immediately, including Bruce Badeau. The suggestion to form a foundation had just seemed right somehow, and the group of friends had subsequently formed the “Safe Haven Foundation,” knowing in their hearts that Miles would have been pleased with their decision.
After spending time with the Rosebud Lakota Sioux, the group had also decided that Indian reservations – being free, sovereign nations – would not only be good candidates for their philanthropic activities, but would also be superb locations in which to found and build “Safe Havens” for women and families in need of assistance. They would create places of refuge where freedom to simply live, without judgment or condemnation, was the order of the day and where the heart of God could hopefully be found.
“I hope we can raise enough capital to make a difference,” thought Turner as he looked at the plasma screen that was slowly displaying a rotating image of the Angel sculpture he had named “God’s Heart.”
He hoped the positive response to the “We Love You” collection that he had observed during pre-auction viewings would carry all the way through the sale itself and would help to drive up the eventual selling price for the collection. It certainly wasn’t going to hurt as well that Miles’ story and his artwork had been at the forefront of an international media frenzy ever since the events in San Francisco had unfolded live on pretty much all major media outlets worldwide. Turner hoped that the publicity the collection had received would help lift the eventual selling price significantly.
The reactions and comments Turner had received thus far had been dripping with praise, often bordering upon a kind of spiritual awe at the incredible creativity and ingenuity that the sculptures of Dr. Miles Trebuchet possessed. As a result, Turner was fairly optimistic that they might indeed realize a significant windfall for their new foundation from the sale of the “We Love You Collection.” Turner hoped fervently that would indeed be the case so that their new “Safe Haven Foundation” would have sufficient funds to be able to make a real difference in the world. Turner prayed that if things did work out as he hoped they would, Miles might also know somehow that his work had led directly to enriching the lives of others. From what he had learned about Miles in talking to the others, Turner thought Miles probably would have liked the idea of helping others.
Turner had heard the whispering start earlier in the week during the pre-auction showings that The Catherine was going to be the star of the show. He had to agree that she was simply breathtaking and magnificent in both form and function. At 50 feet, she was a genuinely grand vessel, not only capable of joyfully playing amidst the ocean’s waves, but equally at home on display as an incredibly majestic and ingenious piece of artwork.
“Motion art,” thought Turner with wonder as he examined The Catherine on the far plasma screen, considering how much he really loved the already-rising new genre of sculpture that Dr. Miles Trebuchet had helped to introduce to the world.
“My friends,” said Turner addressing everyone on the other end of his call, “I do believe that the ‘We Love You Collection’ is going to produce a fairly significant amount to fund our new foundation. I don’t want to be overly optimistic, but I really think we might be perhaps talking about several million euros.”
For a moment Turner heard only silence, and then a low whistle, one flavored with a Spanish accent, sailed across the line.
“That is indeed a goodly sum,” said Juan de Espronceda, his Spanish accent adding an exotic emphasis to his statement.
“Hello Juan, good to hear your friendly voice and whistle,” said Turner with a smile. Turner had gotten to know Juan fairly well during their time on Wenona’s reservation, and he had developed a genuine bond of friendship with the Spaniard.
Turner was struck once again by a feeling of gratitude that Juan had been able to successfully navigate the truly tremendous danger he had repeatedly been in during his time skippering The Catherine through her maiden voyage. And what a maiden voyage it had been. Turner didn’t think he would ever forget Juan’s rendition of how he had disabled the radiological bomb on board the vessel and then had “gone down with the ship” as the fireboat next to him had literally flooded The Catherine with water from her cannons until she had floundered, eventually slipping beneath the cold green waters of San Francisco Bay.
The fireboat that sank him also saved him, however, and Juan was quick to defend the fireboat captain’s actions as there was no way he could have known Juan’s intentions, and he obviously couldn’t take any chances with the possible release of radioactive elements near a city filled with innocent women and children. Sinking The Catherine had simply been the right thing to do.
It sounded a little strange, but Turner was actually grateful that Juan had been on board the Catherine. His knowledge of San Francisco Bay had proved invaluable to Turner’s retrieval efforts. Juan had managed to maneuver The Catherine into relatively shallow water prior to her sinking, thus raising her had been far easier than might have otherwise been the case. According to Juan, some areas of San Francisco Bay ran very deep indeed. Turner shuddered to think what would have happened to The Catherine had she been submerged in one of those areas.
“I want to thank you personally as well, Juan,” continued Turner. “We all know how important you were in the planning, design and construction of The Catherine, and she is definitely the pièce de résistance in the collection. She is drawing comments of praise the likes of which I have never heard before in all my years of being an art collector and dealer. If we are successful here today, it will largely be because of The Catherine.”
“I must say thanks to Douglas Pike and NUMA again as well,” said Turner. “Without their expertise and assistance, The Catherine would never have been properly raised from the chilly green waters of San Francisco Bay in order to complete the ‘We Love You Collection’.”
“Looks like we are about to get started,” said Turner suddenly as he saw the auctioneer assume his position at the lectern. “I am going to put you all on speaker so you can listen to the proceedings.”
Turner felt like he was holding his breath during the majority of the proceeding, trying to keep up as best he could with the rapid-fire narrative of the auctioneer, exhaling gratefully 30 minutes later when his gavel finalized the sale with an oaken knock.
“Did everyone get that?” asked Turner, still a little breathless as he took his cell phone back off speaker.
Silence.
“Anyone there?” asked Turner anxiously, fearing that the connection had somehow been broken.
And then another of Juan’s signature low whistles cut through the quiet with an exotic, impassioned poignancy.
“Did we hear that right Turner?” asked Laura. “26.2 million euros!?”
“That is correct Laura,” replied Turner, a wide smile painting his face as he read a note that was passed to him identifying the buyer of all three pieces in the “We Love You Collection” as the British Museum in London.
“What an incredible venue that is going to be for Miles’ art,” thought Turner with relief and joy that a truly world-class museum had ended up purchasing the entire collection.
“I think we are going to need to reconvene in South Dakota to figure out what we are going to do now,” said Steve purposefully, an obvious sense of awe and amazement in his voice.
“I promise to pay for everyone’s food and lodging,” continued Steve with a chuckle, his friends laughing along with him.
“Everyone here looks to be a little shell shocked, but I am seeing nodding heads in regard to getting together again soon,” continued Steve. “How about you Turner?”
“Count me in,” replied Turner, looking forward to spending some more time on the Rosebud Reservation with his new friends.
“26.2 million euros,” breathed Turner. “That should be enough “Living Water” to keep Miles’ promise and found some Safe Havens – places of refuge where pregnant women, new mothers, and others in need can come to receive assistance and perhaps experience a little of the heart of God.”
“Woof!” heard Turner as he smiled and rose to begin a new journey alongside his friends.



Epilogue



“And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.”

-- Paul, I Corinthians 13:13



“... How do I breathe without you here by my side? How will I see when your love brought me to the light? Where do I go when your heart’s where I lay my head? When you’re not with me, How do I breathe?”

-- Mario


Miles gazed at the scene before him with awe, marveling at the almost unbelievable beauty of the idyllic country setting that surrounded him. Plush green grass and colorful outbursts of flowers painted the landscape as far as the eye could see, while a crystal-clear, trickling stream meandering playfully through the entire scene. Perfect, white-gravel walkways that crunched almost magically underfoot extended into the distance, and arched wooden bridges crossed the bubbling little stream here and there, like curved drawbridges that had been let down to lend a whimsical character to the paradise-like setting. 
Despite having seen the beauty of this particular vista before, Miles was still emotionally and spiritually staggered by the eden-like setting that seemed to be literally infused with love and beauty. It was a scene that seemed to embrace Miles’ very soul with a warm hug of familiarity and comfort. And this time, he really could smell the daisies.
Miles bent down to brush his hand against some particularly lovely purple flowers as he approached the little green-and-yellow cottage with the white front door, noticing absently that he was now wearing a brilliantly white t-shirt emblazoned with crimson letters.
“U Can Awaken Them,” read Miles as he looked down at the bold letters that adorned his t-shirt.
“Awaken who?” thought Miles, finding it strange once again that there was no one about.
There were quaint cottages done up in vibrant primary colors dotting the landscape as far as the eye could see, but the area still looked completely deserted. Nobody was walking along the pathways, or sitting on the porch of their cottage, or playing along the banks of the bubbling stream. There was just silence – and emptiness. It felt to Miles like the entire environment was holding its breath, keeping itself beautiful as best it could as it waited for someone to come out and play.
Miles entered the familiar little yellow-and-green cottage and headed up the beautifully rich hardwood stairs, his hand interacting pleasantly with the exquisite maple banister as he made his way to the master bedroom upstairs.
Tears began to fall from his eyes as Miles came upon his beloved wife Catherine sitting in the corner at the back of the bedroom. She wore the protective shawl Ashley had given her, but she was still hugging herself and staring at the floor intently, seemingly unable to raise her eyes to see anything more than the small patch of hardwood floor directly in front of her.
“Still so beautiful,” thought Miles. “How I love her.”
Miles went to Catherine quickly and extended his hand, noticing as he did so that he had developed a very Ashley-like white aura of his own. It looked to Miles like his entire body was emitting moonlight. Like Ashely, he was glowing.
Miles recoiled a little and pulled his glowing hand back as the over-baked bat-like demons suddenly flew into the room through the open bedroom window, perching themselves once more on the window sill. Miles watched, temporarily transfixed, as the bat creatures flexed their leathery wings, their black, soulless eyes staring at him with amused disdain.
Miles wasn’t sure how he knew what to do, but he did. He was sure of it. He had never been more certain of anything. 
“Begone minions of evil. I command you in the name of Jesus Christ to depart from this place!”
And with a wave of his now-luminescent hand Miles dismissed the demons, making them tumble from the window sill onto the ground below, a pained screech of protest their only reply. Miles leaned out the window and watched as the creatures picked themselves up off the ground and flew away with a snarl – only to perch upon the eves of a lovely bright-blue cottage just two houses away.
Placing his glowing hand gently under Catherine’s chin, Miles tenderly raised her face to his until their eyes were forced to meet. Miles could almost see the scales dissolve and fall away as he gazed lovingly into his wife’s now-seeing eyes.
“Miles?” asked Catherine with a puzzled tone in her voice. 
“Where am I?”
Miles tasted the saltiness of his tears as he lifted his wife to her feet and hugged her fiercely, thanking God silently in his heart for the opportunity to be with his beloved wife once more. Happy at just hearing his wife’s voice, Miles felt pure elation as Catherine began to genuinely return his embrace.
“We love you,” whispered Miles into Catherine’s ear, and then brought his face to hers and kissed her deeply.
“I want to show you something,” said Miles as he led Catherine by the hand through the perfect little cottage to the front door.
Catherine gasped as the door swung open, the idyllic country setting coming fully into view in all its glory.
“It’s beautiful,” breathed Catherine.
“It’s something I think we need to share with others,” replied Miles, his soul swelling with sudden understanding as he looked at all the pretty little cottages adding lively color to the picturesque scene.
Miles picked one of the little purple flowers that seemed to sprout up everywhere and placed it affectionately in his wife’s hair as he looked at the white-gravel walkway running off into the distance. Miles saw that every cottage looked like it was connected to the pathway.
“A yellow-brick road made of white gravel,” said Miles as he took Catherine’s hand in his own and started down the meandering path toward one of the other little cottages nearby.
“Where are we going?” asked Catherine as she continued to look around in wonder at the scenic beauty that surrounded them, squeezing her husband’s hand to let him know she was very glad to be there with him, to be anywhere with him.
“To meet some of the neighbors,” answered Miles with a smile.
