The Accidental Siren

Jake Vander Ark
Copyright 2012 by Jake Vander Ark
Smashwords Edition

Cover by Timo Gellenbeck

For Alli
The most beautiful girl in the world.

www.jakevanderark.com
jake.vander.ark@gmail.com


Table of Contents

1. ONCE UPON A TIME
2. MARA
3. SAINTLY MS. GRISHAM
4. CAMERA TESTS
5. FAIRYTALE, PART I: THE GIRL
6. FAIRYTALE, PART II: THE WAR
7. FAIRYTALE, PART III: THE FINAL SCENE
8. THE ZOMBIE-FERRETS STRIKE BACK
9. NIGHT TERRORS AND THE FLOODED CONFESSIONAL
10. OLIVIA
11. CARNIVAL
12. HAPPILY EVER AFTER
EPILOGUE: LOS ANGELES, NOVEMBER 2004
REQUEST AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


1. ONCE UPON A TIME

I can’t recall many stories from my life before Mara Lynn. From time to time, a certain phrase or smell sparks a moment of nostalgia, but whenever an element from my early childhood was later “touched” by the girl, thoughts of leather-brown eyes and lacy fringe overwhelmed the memory like too much red pepper on a slice of pizza. “Roselyn” is a unique enough name to create an island in The Sea of Mara, and the word still brings me back to the cool breeze of a Michigan May, the forest dunes behind my home, and Danny Bompensaro’s mangled scar.
‘94 was a good year to be twelve. Star Wars still had two more years as Box Office King, cartoons were still hand-drawn, and the Disney “D” still looked like a backwards “G.” Words like “Columbine,” “Al Qaeda,” and “Y2K” were not synonymous with terror, and 9-1-1 was an emergency number instead of a date. At twelve years old, summer still mattered. Monarch caterpillars still crawled beneath every milkweed leaf. Dandelions (or “wishes” as Mara called them) were flowers instead of pests. And divorce was still considered a tragedy.
Before Mara, carnivals didn’t make me sick.
“Imagine a whole herd of monsters!” I said as branches thwapped my jacket and weeds caught themselves in the wheels of Whitney’s chair, creating a rhythmic fip-fip-fip as we barreled through storybook shafts of afternoon light. “Imagine a hundred creepy creatures chasing The Girl through the trees! How cool would that be?”
The path ended abruptly in a patch of wild raspberry bushes so I released the wheelchair at the dead end and plundered the thickening brush. “I wanna get a shot like in Jurassic Park. Remember when the camera is in the back of the jeep and the T-Rex is chasing right behind?”
Whit scraped a fingernail of mud from his left wheel. “Mom’s gonna kill me.”
I raised my hands to my face, formed my pudgy fingers into a rectangle, and surveyed the forest through my makeshift viewfinder. “Maybe the bad guys should carry lanterns or torches or somethin’. Dad says I can’t have too many lights out here without blowin’ a fuse.” I glanced to the tower poking above the foliage and estimated the amount of extension cords we’d need to reach from the house to the woods.
“It’s about fifty yards, dick weed,” Whit said.
“How the H.E. double-hockey-sticks do you know that?”
“Maybe you’d learn some geometry tricks if you’d quit tryin’ to look down Ms. Conto’s blouse.”
I shuddered. “How’d you get fifty?”
“Just picture a football field and cut it in half.”
“What do you know about football?”
Whit gripped his chair and balanced the contraption on its back wheels. “Dad gets free Lions tickets from work.”
“How many cords you think we need?”
“Depends on the length of the cords. Maybe ten.” Whit reached in his pocket and pulled out two candy bars. “Butterfinger?”
I slapped a mosquito from my neck and looked from the tower to my best friend. He was swimming in thick folds of a Bugle Boy sweatshirt, his bluejeans were creased as if they were slacks, and black wisps of hair curled from a hat that read, “Grand Harbor: a quaint drinking town with a fishing problem.” A notebook sat open on his lap and doubled as a tray for his Snickers bar. His red backpack was cradled in a mesh hammock beneath his seat, bulging with more candy to sell at recess and wads of cash from successful playground transactions. Whit was quite the entrepreneur; that’s why I asked him to produce my movies when we moved to Hollywood.
“Yeah,” I said. “I could use a snack.”
“That’ll be fifty cents.”
“We’re in the middle of the stinkin’ woods! And you’re gonna charge me? You know I’m good for it.”
Whit slipped the bar back in his pocket. “I don’t make six bucks a day givin’ out free candy.”
I scowled. “Penis breath...”
“Dip-shit.”
“No-legs.”
“Sphincter-licker.”
“Whatever.”
Despite eating boat-loads of candy and sitting on his butt all day, my crippled sidekick was still thirty pounds thinner than me. But poor Whit had the “asking-for-it” double-whammy of a handicap and girly name. I assume his parents chose “Whitney” before they discovered the spina biffida; if not, shame on them. Sixth grade was hard enough as a chubby boy named James.
I unhitched my camera bag from my shoulder and placed it on a log. I brushed ants from the bark, opened the bag, and removed my very own Panasonic Super-VHS camcorder. I huffed on the lens and used a special rag to clear the moisture. A faint chocolate thumbprint defiled the cherry-red record button, so I huffed on it too, then gently wiped it off with the corner of my sweatshirt–
“BOO!” Whit screamed. 
I jumped and nearly dropped the camera.
“Don’t break your baby!” he said and laughed so hard that specks of caramelly peanuts splattered across our notepad.
I grabbed a stick and flung it at him. “This camera costed me twenty-five allowances and a Christmas. Don’t be a jerk.”
“It’s just too easy!”
I finished my ritual by running an automatic tape cleaner for precisely ten seconds, then I zipped the bag, mounted the camera on my shoulder, and pressed my eye against the viewfinder. The world dissolved into a glorious black-and-white palate for my imagination. I pulled the zoom, then scanned the trees for the perfect location.
“Who’s gonna be the army of bad guys?” Whit asked and noshed another chunk of Snickers.
“Mom and Dad said they’d help,” I replied. “Then there’s Livy, the twins–”
“I thought your sis was gonna be The Girl?”
“Livy’s just a backup.”
“’Cause she’s black?”
“’Cause she can’t act.”
“Who else?”
“The twins, maybe my cousins... and any other kids Mom has runnin’ around when the time comes.”
“The twins are six years old and your cousins live in Ohio. I thought you wanted the army to be humongous!”
“We’ll invite friends.”
“We have friends?”
“Mom’ll order pizzas and we’ll make it a party. We’ll figure somethin’ out. It’s gonna be killer!”
“If we want friends, I need to grow legs and you need to lay off the Butterfingers. I thought your parents were gonna buy you a Super Nintendo if you lost fifteen pounds by summer?”
“Two weeks left, seventeen pounds to go.”
“So much for all-night Super Mario sleepovers.”
My camera panned a lumpy mound of dirt that I had dubbed “The Great Divide.” The ridge was as tall as my Dad and cut through the forest as far as I ever had the courage (or permission) to travel. Using my free hand as a third leg, I bounded ten steps up the bluff and grabbed a sapling at the top to secure my footing. On the back of the ridge, trees descended a gradual but impressive incline into a vast, uncharted territory.
I focused my camcorder and scanned the valley of trees. These woods were mine. I knew every fork and downed oak like Whitney knew parts on the space shuttle. Whit was just about the only person I invited to my domain. Sometimes, I gave haunted-forest tours to new foster kids as temporary initiation into the family. My sister Livy claimed she was “too mature” for forts and rope swings, but I knew she was just afraid of poison ivy. Two summers ago we went hunting for buried treasure and she blew up like an Oompa Loompa. Her eyes swelled until she looked Asian instead of African, and the doctor gave her steroid shots so she wouldn’t die. After the Livy disaster, I deemed my woods a “girl-free zone.”
A rickety deer stand caught my attention and I steadied my camera to inspect the distant intrusion. The stands looked like boring tree houses. They were popping up everywhere along with salt licks and corn feeders. “Buttheads,” I muttered. The forest would be paradise if it wasn’t for A.J. Griffin, the dumbest kid in class and faithful stooge to Danny Bompensaro, Bully King. A.J.’s parents owned twelve acres of land that butted against my kingdom and A.J., Danny, and Trent (the Bizzaro Three Musketeers) dropped by weekly to do things boys only do under cover of trees. Alone, A.J. wasn’t too bad of a guy, but Danny made him into a jerk.
If Danny B. were alive today, he’d either be in prison or selling meth from a stolen trailer. A scar ran from the lobe of his right ear to the bulge in the back of his head, creating a ribbon of flesh where hair could no longer grow. He claimed that a shark bit him when his grandparents took him to the keys. Mom told me shark bites are rare, and Danny got the scar from petting a stray dog. (Did Mom really know? Or did she use the bully’s mangled head as an illustrated life lesson? Probably the latter; I’m still afraid of strays.)
Danny was so rotten that his real parents sent him to live with his uncle in Grand Harbor. Rumor was he went swimming in the neighbor’s pool with his baby sister and–for no good reason except he was pure evil–held her head under water until she drowned. “He laughed the whole time,” Trent explained to a group of wide-eyed boys, “and that’s why they sent him here.” Whether or not Danny was as evil as I believed in elementary school, the eight-ball eyes of a gasping little girl still haunted my childhood. To this day, I can’t prove the rumor false.
I paused the camera and scampered back to Whit at the base of the ridge. As we discussed the logistics of our summer project, Danny and A.J. donned camouflage hunting gear and watched us from the brush.

*  *  *

Three pages into my memoir and I can so clearly recall the colors of my childhood: Mara’s denim-blue eyes, the tangerine daisy that held back her hair, a milkshake cherry—crimson—plucked from its stem and pinched between her smirking pink lips. The memories expose the starkness of my two-bedroom Los Angeles loft with its white-washed walls, naked mattress, and broken vertical blinds caught between my desk and the empty sill.
Another swig of two-buck Chuck. Three pages in and the bottle’s nearly empty. My box of index cards is unlocked and exposed beside my computer; the more I drink, the more I’m taunted by the memories inside.
The book in your hands is the work of a twisted romantic; a fool in love where “fool” connotes a child lost in another dreamland where ideals were attainable and Mara was mine for the plucking. It was Mara who encouraged me to tell our story; to put into words the summer that defined our lives.
I should warn you now, we never found a mortal origin for Mara’s apotheosis. Maybe she fell from Heaven like the old pick-up line suggests; or maybe she’s always been here—in one form or another—born first as the woman whose beauty nearly snapped the rope that bound Odysseus to his mast, reincarnated again and again to torture men throughout the centuries.
Three pages into my memoir and I remember... these memories are dangerous.
Back to the story.

*  *  *

“Write this down,” I demanded, and Whit grabbed his pen. “I want cheesecloth for costumes and latex paint for the makeup. Maybe dark red lipstick for their mouths... would that be creepy? We have a pile of tiki-torches in the garage; the fire’ll add killer production value. Got it?”
Whit scribbled the end of my rant. “Got it.”
I looked through the camera’s viewfinder and focused on a tree with low branches. “The Girl can escape the monsters here. We need a wooden ladder.”
“Okie-dokie.” Whit wrote it down.
“And maybe the monsters will use fireworks as weapons! I wanna have the camera right above The Girl in the tree. We’ll shoot a roman candle beneath her–”
In the viewfinder, something moved. I froze.
“...right beneath her?”
“Shh!” I hissed and tightened my hold on the camera. “I think I see something.”
“What? Who? Maybe we should–”
“Would ya zip it?” I snapped. I gripped the zoom lever and cautiously carried my eye toward the rustling bush.
“Is it–”
“I don’t know.” I turned the focus wheel... and the bullies emerged from the bushes.
A.J. twirled a grocery bag of aluminum cans.
Danny shouldered a BB gun. “Naughty naughty!” he said. “Fireworks are too dangerous for Fatty and the Gimp!”
“Oh hell,” Whit said and instinctively grabbed his wheels.
I lowered my camera and unzipped the bag, slowly, gently, so I wouldn’t excite the approaching wolves. “Hey, Danny,” I said. “Hey, Age.”
“What’er you clowns doin’ on our huntin’ ground?”
I wanted to yell, to scream, to defend my kingdom and shout “It’s not yours!” But all I could muster through the walnut in my throat was, “Sorry, guys. We were just leaving.”
Danny scratched the back of his head and I was suddenly thankful that I couldn’t see his nails (yellow, I imagined) scraping the pink and curled flesh of that supposed shark bite. “Leaving?” he said. “But we came here to hunt!”
I wondered what animal two sixth-grade boys planned on killing with a pellet gun, but I wasn’t stupid enough to–
“What are you gonna kill with a silly pellet gun?” Whit asked.
Danny smirked at the provocation. “Hey Age, put a can on the cripples head.”
“Are you fa real?” A.J. asked.
Danny sneered and nodded to Whit. “Hey crip, hold still a sec. A.J.’s got a hat for ya.”
“He’s already got a hat,” I said.
“Well, Fatty, maybe the gimp wants a new hat. Didja ever think of that? Fatty.” Danny gripped the barrel in one hand and the plunger in the other. He wiped his brow with his camouflage sleeve and cocked the gun over and over like a giant pair of scissors.
A.J. tiptoed to Whit with exaggerated steps and flicked off his cap.
Whit didn’t budge, but closed his eyes so tight that his temples pursed.
“Stop it, Age,” I said, “or I’ll tell your mom.” It was the only threat I had. It didn’t work.
A.J. removed an empty Heineken can from his plastic bag and set it gently on Whit’s head. “Don’t worry,” he said, “Danny’s a good shot!”
I abandoned my camcorder, took three angry steps, and smacked the can from my friend’s head. “Leave him alone!”, I said, “We’re leaving.”
A.J. planted his hands in the square of my back and shoved. My ankle caught Whit’s footrest and jolted my knee against his shin. My stomach rammed into some crooked wheelchair pipe and I keeled, twisted, and landed cheek-first in the thorny stems of the raspberry bush.
Danny cackled and pressed the full force of his biceps into the last squeeze of the plunger. “Age!” he shouted and lifted the sight to his eye.
A.J. snatched the beer can from the dirt, placed it back on Whit’s head, and scrambled out of Danny’s line-of-sight.
(Although Whit denied it later, I swear I saw a tear pinched in the crease of his eye.) “No!” I yelled.
THOOMP! went the gun.
TINK!
The BB smacked the can and Whit’s shoulders leapt to his cheeks.
“Hot damn! Would ya look at that shot?”
A.J. collected the can and raised a high-five to Danny.
The Bully King ignored the gesture, leaned his weapon against a tree, and skipped to the wheelchair. (From my nest in the raspberry bush, I finally saw those tufts of brown hair broken by what appeared to be the rippled pink innards of a dissected worm. I gagged.) Danny bent down, picked up the cap, dusted it off and–
Whit flinched.
“Whatcha worried for, Gimp?” Danny said and pulled the hat backwards on Whit’s head. He turned around and offered me a hand. “Hey, Jamesy the Hutt, no hard feelings, okay?”
I touched the thin beads of blood on my left cheek, bit back a bubbling tirade of sixth-grade cuss words, took Danny’s hand, and stood.
“Won’t believe what I got,” said the bully, reaching into the front pocket of his army jacket.
“You’re gonna show ‘em?” exclaimed A.J.
“Dunno yet. Dunno if I trust ‘em.” He removed a Polaroid photograph and shook it as if it was still developing. “Have you retards ever seen a naked girl?”
I bypassed Danny and reached for my camera bag, but A.J. cut me off. “Where you goin’, Fatty?”
“Come on, Age. Let me by.”
My spine tightened as Danny’s hand curled around my neck. He held the back of the photo to my face. “I asked you a question, Fatty. Do. You. Wanna. See. The picture?” His breath was like a stream of vapor, warm on my neck and climbing my cheeks until I could taste the sour. “Her name’s Roslyn,” he whispered. “Super hot bod. My uncle’s been bangin’ her for a month.” (Danny was always talking about “bangin’.” I didn’t know what it meant, and I was pretty sure he didn’t either.)
“I don’t want it,” I said.
“Of course you don’t. Why would I show you anyways? You get to see big ol’ titties every time you look in the mirror!” He snapped the picture out of my face and spun around.
I made another lunge for my bag, but A.J. blocked my reach.
“How ‘bout you, crip?” Danny said. “Wanna take a peek at your very first cooch?”
Silence.
When Whit didn’t reply, I turned around.
He was scraping crusted mud from his treads. He was considering Danny’s offer.
I shook my head. “Whit–”
“Sure,” he said. “Lemme see how she looks.”
I sighed.
“What you got to trade?” Danny asked. “How ‘bout one of those candy bars you’re always sellin’ at recess.”
“Deal.” Whit nodded, reached beneath his seat, and pulled out a Nestle Crunch bar.
Danny snatched it from his hand, tore it open, and bit off a corner.
Whit licked his lips and rubbed his palms. “Now let me get a gander at Roslyn!”
Danny flipped over the photo, plunged it in Whit’s face, then snapped it back. “Wha’d I tell ya? Huh? Big ol’ titties!”
“No fair! Too fast! I didn’t even see–”
“Whit,” I said. “Knock it off.”
“But he–”
“Was there really a girl in the picture?” I asked.
“Yeah, but I didn’t get to–”
“Okay.” I looked to Danny and the chocolate-stained corners of his lips. “Where’d you get the picture?”
“Snuck it from my uncle’s drawer. Roslyn gave it to him as a birthday present.”
“It’s the only one?”
“If there was more, I’d have ‘em.”
If Danny was proud enough to show the picture to a nerd for a candy bar, he’d show his friends for free. In a rare moment of maturity, I imagined my sister in Roslyn’s place.
“Whit’s got twenty candy bars in his bag,” I said. “I’ll trade you the entire stash for that picture.”
Whether he was upset that I offered his product for trade, or excited at the prospect of owning a picture of a naked girl, Whit’s eyes grew bigger and rounder than the wheels on his chair.
Danny coughed up a wad of brown spit and blew it at my feet. He let the foil wrapper fall from his candy, slipped the naked bar in his pocket, plucked the weapon from the stump, and wiped the spit from his lips. “If I wanted his candy...” He began pumping the gun. “I’d take it.”
Whit gripped his wheels and inched away.
I backed up too, right into A.J.’s beefy arms.
The gun was loaded. Danny poked the barrel in the soft tissue above my bellybutton. “Tell ya what, Fatty. I’ll give you Roslyn if you give me that camera.”
Was he serious? Apparently, the brainless bully had some concept of value, authority, and the difference between petty and serious crimes. If he stole my camera, he knew I’d tattle and he’d get busted. But if I gave him the camera fair-and-square, it would be his to keep.
The gun sank deeper into the crook between my stomach and ribs; the farther Danny pushed, the more I could feel my heart beating against the tip.
“Well?” he said. “You want Roslyn all for yourself?”
A.J. tightened his grip on my arms.
“Yeah,” I said. “Let’s trade.”

*  *  *

The bullies were gone. They had my camera.
Roslyn’s photo was in my jeans. I lifted my shirt and inspected the grey bruise webbing across my chest. I wasn’t sure if I had done the right thing; either way, my parents were gonna kill me.
“They’re jerks,” Whit said as he rolled along the path.
“Yeah,” I said. “Real jerks.”
“So...” He paused as if it was my job to fill in the blank.
“So?”
“So are you gonna look at the picture?”
I pulled the Polaroid from my pocket and creased it in half, then quarters.
Whit shook his head. “Do you even know that girl?”
A Coke bottle protruded from the dirt beside the path. I tore the picture along each crease, crumpled the squares, then jammed them into the neck of the bottle. I added some dirt, then stepped on the glass until the soft ground swallowed it whole; another treasure lost forever in my castle forest.
The storybook shafts of sun had dissipated, leaving the woods in stagnant light. As we walked toward the house, I felt a soft poke in my side. I looked down... Whit was offering the Butterfinger.
I took the candy bar, ate it, and pushed my friend all the way home.

*  *  *

We emerged from the trees just as a burgundy minivan came weaving down the paver-brick driveway. I waved to Mrs. Conrad, Whit’s mom, then gave her a hug when she got out to help with the chair.
She made a big deal about the scratch on my face. She held my chin, inspected the depth of the cut to rule out stitches, thumbed the bruise around my jowls, and recommended a dab of peroxide and three small bandaids. Good thing she couldn’t see my ribs.
When I finally convinced her that I wouldn’t drop dead on my way in the house, she kissed my good cheek and helped her son into the passenger seat.
“Summer in two weeks,” Whit said.
I nodded and waved. But it wouldn’t be summer without a camera.
The van’s brake lights drifted left and right, flickered between tree branches, then disappeared completely. Sunday was “family day” in the Parker house–no exceptions–so Whit’s Saturday evening pick-up had become routine.
I turned around and looked at the castle. It was supposed to be in my movie, The Girl’s final destination, a spectacular set-piece for the epic climax. I already drew the storyboards for the Spielbergian shots for the sword fight between The Girl and the evil prince... but without a camera, I was screwed.
My fingers grazed the coarse stucco retaining wall that held the dune away from the driveway. I hop-scotched a fallen scooter, a bucket of sidewalk-chalk, and a tipped bag of fertilizer awaiting the geranium trough along the garage.
I should pause for brief explanation of the castle, as it was one of the few quirks in my otherwise normal childhood.
With an infant at home, a bun in the oven, and the promise of more foster kids, my parents decided that it was time to upgrade from their two-bedroom apartment above Dad’s architecture firm to a place more appropriate to raise a family. Through her old realty connections, Mom discovered a deal on a 1920’s Spanish-style castle in money-pit disrepair. There were leaks in three rooms. The kitchen was trapped in the seventies with rust-brown linoleum counters and a yellow linoleum floor. The inside walls were slathered in lead-based paint, and the basement was a dungeon, perpetually moist and sprinkled with the gnarled nestings of rats. But it was huge, it was cheap, and it was a beautiful place for kids to grow up.
Dad agreed that the investment was promising... pending a substantial overhaul of the dilapidated interior. (I don’t recall the exact stage of the do-it-yourself remodel in 1994, but I’m sure there was a layer of sawdust over every flat surface, unfinished drywall scrawled with crayon graffiti, and a mountain of torn carpet in at least one room.)
The estate sat on the outskirts of a quaint tourist-trap town called Grand Harbor, placing us squarely inside what the elementary playground dubbed “hillbilly township.” The world as I knew it stretched for five miles along the lakeshore, starting with the red lighthouse at the State Park and ending with A.J.’s home on Hickory Street a half-mile south. In between sat Whit’s middle-class suburb, the Township Walmart, and the glorious castle where I grew up.
Trees hugged the brick structure on three sides, nestling it comfortably atop a dune grass bluff with an extraordinary view of the lake. From the beach, the mansion was intimidating with three steeples of varying heights, mismatched and awkwardly placed windows, a tower that stood higher than the tallest oak, and wrought-iron accents that bestowed the palace with a gothic aura. When the sun dropped just below the horizon, the castle looked majestic; “A little piece of heaven,” marveled my mother’s friends whenever they stopped by. But at night, when the moon cut zagged shadows across the brick and glass, I imagined the house among the eerie fog and lamplit cobblestone streets of Transylvania.
Woulda been perfect for a movie, I thought.
A new hummingbird feeder graced the eve above the front door and glistened red in the light from the setting sun. Leo, the stone lion, stood guard. I stroked his mane, thumped his back, and went inside.

*  *  *

Years later, the smell of basil would remind me of Mara’s eyes; how they matched exquisitely the flicking emerald glass of the tea-candle sitting between my lasagna and her Chianti at the Campanile in LA. But in the mid-nineties, basil meant Mom’s kitchen.
“What happened to your cheek?” she asked without looking up from the stove. “You know how worried Whitney’s mother gets when you wrestle.”
“We weren’t wrestling. I just tripped. Where is everybody?”
“Jake has a time-out in Mom and Dad’s room, Bobby has a time-out in your room, Dad’s in the tower with his head in the clouds, Fantasia’s right behind you–rock her for me?–and Olivia’s in her room with... what’s her name... the redhead?”
“Kimmy? I thought you said no friends on Saturday nights!”
Mom looked up but continued to stir. “You want some cheese with that whine? Next week is your sister’s first set of exams and I told her she could study with a friend. Don’t be a little booger tonight, okay? They’re nervous.”
“I thought exams were for high schoolers.”
“Junior high too. Do Mom a favor and be sweet to your sister, okay?”
“I’ll be good.”
“Pinky promise?”
Whenever I fly home for the holidays, I make it a point to squeeze my Mother’s shoulders, to calm her hazel eyes, and to ask her about her. Like most “stay-at-homes,” Mom lived for everyone but herself. She was a chameleon of necessity with the ability to morph–seamlessly and without complaint–into whatever roll her family demanded. At once she was a gourmet chef, a fast-food employee, a soccer player, baseball player, frisbee thrower and Monopoly banker; a nutritionist, cab driver, hair-stylist, architecture consultant, surgeon (specializing in sliver removal), lover, mentor, counselor and executioner. She performed her duties despite a low metabolism, high cholesterol, and a weakness for things covered in cheese; she wasn’t fat, but her body fluctuated between varying degrees of “round.” During the nineties, her dimpled thighs went to war with Dr. Atkins, Weight Watchers, Susan Summers and a plethora of “lose forty pounds in two weeks!” yo-yo schemes. But like everything personal, Mom buried her weight issues in a carousel of characters, performing daily routines for her family’s well-being. (Only in writing this book was I able to make these observations; in ‘94, Mom was just a mom.)
“Yeah, Ma,” I said. “I pinky promise.”
She balanced her ladle on the pot’s edge, bent down, ran her thumb across my cut, and pecked my forehead. “Go fix up your face and tell Dad dinner’s ready in ten. I love you, Jamesie.”
I wiped off the kiss and groaned, “Love you too.”

*  *  *

For years, my parents feared I’d never come. After twelve months of failed attempts, Mom was finally diagnosed with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome, a disease that made it difficult to ovulate and, twenty-three years later, is harboring the cancer that’s draining her life. When she lost all hope of giving birth, she quit her job as a realtor and enrolled in a class for foster parents.
Six months later, Olivia came into their lives. They fostered her from the day she was released from the hospital and adopted her the day the courts allowed. Seventeen days after signing the papers, Mom discovered she was pregnant with me.
Her love of children (and a knack for stirring spaghetti while burping a baby) yielded a crop of little brothers and sisters for Livy and me; “temporary gifts,” Mom would call them, and when they lived with us, they were family. Bobby and Jake were temporary gifts too, the “on-again-off-again” type whose mother wobbled the line between “stable” and “unfit.” The twins were weasely little rug-rats with no vital affect on my story, but provide a colorful backdrop none-the-less.
The parlor had green carpet and a tin ceiling and served as the central hub for every room on the main level. The kitchen could be accessed from two open archways separated by a piano that never got played. Livy’s bedroom was on the left. Dad helped her nail a chalkboard to her door so she could “express her individuality”; today it read “KIMMY IS THE COOLEST!!!” and, hidden in the bottom corner, “livy loves ryan!” I could hear her boom-box through the wall, the soft baseline gave the castle a steady pulse. Studying... my butt!
My room was next in line. A glow-in-the-dark galaxy of stars clung to the door with poster putty. I cracked it–just an inch–and peeked inside. Bobby was in his undies, hugging his knees and sucking his thumb as if my beanbag was a womb.
“Whadja do?” I asked.
“J-Jake stole my orange c-c-c-crayon and I dinin’t even do noffin!”
I grinned and sealed the little jailbird back in my room. I slunk past the library hallway to my parent’s room and pressed gently on the door. Jake was in the fetal position too, wrapped in my father’s robe and sucking his thumb. “Hey, Jake the Snake,” I whispered, “whadja do?”
He sniffled. “I stole Bobby’s crayon and he punched me in da nose!”
I snickered and quietly closed the door.
Next were the two stairwells. An antique iron gate blocked the downward steps on the right. They led to the foyer, garage, playroom and the unfinished guest room. I barreled up the other set with leaps and bounds, zoomed passed the thin windows where I sometimes pretended to be a medieval archer, then emerged into a vast and glorious ballroom with twenty-foot ceilings and awful floral-print carpet. I tugged the lapel of my invisible velvet robe, straightened my jewel-studded crown, bowed to my minions, then strode with lumbering poise to the base of the spiral staircase. “Dad!” I called. “Dinner in ten!”
Silence. Then, the click of a pen... the thump of a hardcover book... the shallow cry of a wooden chair... five intentional steps above my head and my father appeared at the balcony rail. He wore square glasses–always–and held himself with a scholarly demeanor. Despite his ruffled hair and loosened tie, David Parker was as mild and structured as his blueprints. “I’ll be right down,” he said.
Believe me when I tell you that–like most boys–I lost all reverence for my father by the time I could drive a stick-shift. But now that I’m older, I find myself reverting to that childhood sense of bridled awe: my dad can do anything. He’s in his sixties now and still a master architect. He’s a carpenter, an artist and a connoisseur of wine, beer, books and film. He’s an avid fishermen, a poet, and an amateur photographer. On his forty-ninth birthday, he went bungee-jumping from a helicopter... probably thought about work the whole way down.
After Mom bought him a book about Michigan wildlife the Christmas before this story, Dad added “birdwatcher” to his list of interests. The new hobby brought tubs of seed to the garage and more feeders on our property than discarded toys. On weekends he rolled up his blueprints, unlocked the shed, immersed himself in a train wreck of chicken-wire, rope and wood, and tinkered for hours on a more effective means of keeping squirrels off his feeders.
A month ago, The Grand Harbor Tribune reported a Bald Eagle sighting over the lake and speculated that a whole family of the patriotic birds may have nested in the woods on the outskirts of town. Since the article, Dad spent his spare moments locked in the tower with patient binoculars around his neck and a determined checklist of birds on his lap.
“That man gets obsessed,” Mom told me. “I love your father like Bush loved this country, but if those gosh-darned eagles don’t show up soon... I’m hiring a plumber to fix the disposal!”

*  *  *

Family dinner.
The dining-room/living-room combo was a recent addition to the castle and still carried the grainy smell of new carpet. There were seven of us including Kimmy, but Mom was still back and forth from the table to the kitchen, unable to sit until the rest of us were fed.
My leg bounced beneath the table. At some strategic moment I had to bring up the camcorder, and I still didn’t know if I should tell the truth or lie. I dipped my garlic bread in my milk, sprinkled extra cheese on my noodles, and politely devoured my spaghetti and meatballs.
“There goes the Super Nintendo,” Livy said and Kimmy choked on her food to stifle the laugh.
“Watch it, Princess,” Dad said and eyed her from the head of the table.
“I’m just sayin’, if he wants his silly game, he could just eat like I do.”
“It’s called genetics!” I said, then grabbed a meatball and raised my arm like a catapult. I hesitated.
Multi-colored beads hung at the tips of Livy’s tight braids and rattled when she cocked her head with “you’ve-got-to-be-kidding” annoyance. “Go ahead, Jamesie. Throw it. I’ve never seen you waste a handful of meat before!”
“Olivia Parker!” Mom said from the kitchen. “Be nice to your brother or Kimmy goes home! James, if you throw that meatball, you’re on toilet duty for a month!”
Dad glared at me over the rim of his bifocals to reaffirm Mom’s threat, then took a sip of his fancy beer and grinned.
I lowered my arsenal. “Livy’s just crabby ‘cause of Ryan Brosh.”
Livy coiled like a pissed off cobra. Her spine tightened, her shoulders constricted into ridged knobs, and she shot me a look so deadly I could taste the venom.
Her silent attack worked. I slunk to my seat and stuck out my tongue.
She opened her mouth in retaliation and showed me the creamy red mush of half-chewed pasta.
The twins giggled and shoveled marinara sauce on their tongues, then opened their mouths too.
Kimmy snickered.
Dad cut the tension by clearing his throat. “James, your mother tells me you might have a screening for your summer project?”
My heart sank like peas in milk. “I told her not to call them. The movie won’t be any good anyways.”
“If it won’t be good, why did I agree to be the executive producer?”
I rubbed the blunt end of my fork against the bandaid on my cheek. Think, James! The camera was yours, right? Why should they care what you do with your own stuff?
That line of reasoning was foolish; my parents let me buy the camcorder to prove my responsibility. Plus, I only paid half... they matched my savings dollar for dollar.
“The art show is a big deal at The Lakeshore Celebration,” Dad continued. “Mom said she talked them into accepting film submissions this year. We expect a lot from you.”
Mom Of The Year finally arrived with Fantasia’s bottle. “First prize is a hundred-dollar savings bond for the kid’s show,” she said. “They’re going to set up a TV and VCR in a conference room, and James can invite whoever he wants.”
I searched my plate for something to calm my galloping heart, but the food was gone. Every last drop of sauce had been mopped with bread. Dangit, darnit, crap and bungholes! I thought. Should I lie or tell the truth?
“How was your location scout?” Dad asked. “Did you find a good path for the war scene?”
I shoulda let Danny keep the dang picture! Forget Roslyn! Why was she taking naked pictures of herself anyways?
“James?” Dad said and narrowed his brow.
What could I do? I couldn’t stay mute forever! My old man could read faces like Sherlock Holmes and smell fear like a raptor! He was a fierce gambler back in his day; never bet more than he could lose and only played to win. When I was old enough to hear such stories, Mom recalled an overseas business trip in which Dad out-bluffed a trio of Taiwanese business associates for eight-hundred US dollars with a pair of nines. “They won most of it back,” he added when the story neared exaggeration, “But you shoulda seen their faces!”
“James?” Mom asked. “You alright?”
All eyes were on me.
“My camera!” I blurted in an Oscar-worthy performance. “I think I left it in the woods!”

*  *  *

I was sent to bed without ice cream. Thanks to my little white lie, Dad woke me up at sunrise to search for the missing camera.
While everyone else spent Family Day baking snicker-doodles and playing spoons, I meandered through the woods in search of something I would never find. To lighten the blow and strengthen the lie, I made a production out of the punishment by drawing a map of the woods and enlisting the twins for help.
When the DEET wore off and the ‘squitos made their move, I conveniently recalled using the camera at the beach. Jake and Bobby helped me putter around the shore, dune grass, and steps, kicking driftwood from the sand and plucking interesting shells from the water’s edge.
When we returned empty-handed, Dad lowered his binoculars, looked at the ground, and shook his head.
It took years before I understood the reason I lied: I never looked at the photo of Roslyn... but I accidentally glimpsed the corner of her thigh before I creased the plastic. That’s why I couldn’t tell the truth; that dang glimpse of thigh.
I was certain that I did the right thing by trading the camera, but with the overwhelming guilt of maybe–possibly–noticing a sliver of a girl’s upper leg, how could I explain the truth to my father and expect to look him in the eyes? In our house, the word “naked” meant twin boys streaking through the kitchen after shower time. The word “girl” meant long hair, dangly earrings, and curlycue penmanship. But combining the words created a phrase that could turn a simple conversation about bullies, cameras, and “doing the right thing” into something awkward and naughty; a conversation, perhaps, I wasn’t ready for.
I wasn’t ready because girls still left cooties on my juice-box straw. Girls were know-it-alls and brown-nosers and tattle-tales. Girls were scared of bugs–especially bugs with wings–and they screamed like sissies whenever a beetle clung to their skirts.
But I was beginning to realize that girls play beneath a mysterious shroud of whispered secrets, of notebooks brimming with rainbow hieroglyphics, of exchanged glances between mothers and friends who knew something that I didn’t. Words like “love,” “menstrual,” “change,” “going out,” “Ryan Ryan Ryan,” or “bra;” hushed ramblings of exclusive “learning experiences” between Livy and our mother or Livy and her friends; words from conversations so exclusive that I was asked to leave the room; words I deciphered in bits and pieces with an ear glued to my sister’s bedroom door.
Apparently, girls were different... special... delicate... but nobody would tell me why. To a flubbery sixth-grade boy who didn’t know his penis from a pogo-stick, girls were like poems: weird, incomprehensible and boring, but those “in the know” assured me that they were beautiful.
“What’s so beautiful about girls?” I would implore.
And the secret society of adults would reply with a smirk and wink as if I was merely a boy who couldn’t possibly have the mental maturity to comprehend such grown-up concepts as love and bleeding vaginas; “You’ll understand someday, James.”


2. MARA

“She’s almost done.”
“What?” I asked. “Who?”
“Mara.”
I dismounted my bike and propped it against a moth-haloed lamppost. I keeled forward with my hands on my knees, panting from the half-mile ride from Whit’s house to the opposite end of his suburb. I checked my watch, I was five minutes early.
Why is there a lamp in the woods, my subconscious asked, but I was too fixated on the boy beside me and the home before me to care. A row of tightly-sculpted bushes stood belly-to-belly against the entire perimeter of the house and heavy curtains created a sliver of light in every window of the first floor. The boy was no older than fourteen, but already sported a patch of dark whiskers above his lip. “Do you live here?” I asked.
“Shhh!” hissed the boy, then another behind me.
I looked back. Four boys, still as headstones, peeked from behind the tree trunks. Their eyes were glazed and focused on the back of the two-story home.
I reached in my pocket, pulled out the newspaper clipping and held it to the lamplight. “Super-8 camera for sale. Like new. Bag, lens, two rolls of film included. $40. Call 616-555-9088 for details.” I had scribbled the address below the number in blocky, boyish handwriting: “557 Sycamore Ave. Whit’s suburb. 8:30 PM.”
I shoved the paper back in my pocket and addressed the mustached boy as quietly as possible. “Is this five-five-seven, Sycamore?”
“Shut the fuck up.”
I reeled at the nasty language. My neck prickled and my palms began to sweat. I nearly leapt on my bike and flew back to Whit’s, but I noticed a small tape recorder in the boy’s outstretched hand as if he was making an offering to the home.
I almost asked him what the heck he was recording– but then I heard it; a song so subtle that it took the boy’s tape player to prioritize my senses. A girl’s voice; a child. Sweet; high like a songbird without the shrill. It was a church song. It came from the house.

“T’was grace that taught my heart to fear,
And grace my fears relieved.
How precious did that grace appear,
The hour I first believed.”

The tiny voice was unencumbered with falsetto or an overzealous vibrato; gentle, unwavering, innocent... crystalline.

“The Lord has promised good to me.
His word my hope secures.
He will my shield and portion be,
As long as life endures.”

The melody didn’t pierce the night, but dissolved into it, giving warmth to the darkness and calming my racing heart. I found myself in reverent submission after only two verses, and when a twig snapped behind me, I hissed, “Shh!”

“Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound,
That saved a wretch like me.
I once was lost but now am found,
Was blind, but now I see.”

Silence. I waited. We all waited. But the song was over.
The night seemed suddenly defiled by the absence of music, as if the silence itself was injecting a sickness that only another song could cure.
The mustached boy snapped out of his trance. He stopped the recording, held down the rewind button, then pressed “play” and brought the device to his ear.
I careened my head and watched as he meandered past the other four boys. There was movement deeper in the woods–shadows–as if the trees were slowly multiplying. As my eyes adjusted to the new darkness, I saw them, all of them, aimless, ghostly, like faceless children lost in Limbo.
I squinted to find my friend. He was twenty steps away and facing a tree. Again, I narrowed my brow and attempted to distinguish bodies from branches... then I saw them: wooden planks nailed like ladder rungs to the trunks of a dozen trees. The mustached boy began to climb, a spindly, monotonous silhouette, until he disappeared into the canopy of leaves.
One by one the others followed, and when they reached the top, they spread sideways along the thickest limbs.
Branches rustled and someone screamed. “No!”
“Move over!”
“Get your own dang–”
“Hey, shut the hell up!”
“Shhh!”
“But he–”
“Son of a–” Then a branch snapped and a boy fell–knees and palms first–into a patch of ferns.
I watched him stand. I watched him slap dust off his pants. Then he grabbed a wooden rung on a different tree and climbed back to the top.
I looked at the house. In a second-story window–eye-level with the boys–a light turned on.

*  *  *

Her name was Ms. Grisham and she answered my knock through the two-inch seam that the chain allowed. “You know the rules, little boy. Off my porch or I’ll eat your fingers for dinner.”
“Ma’am!” I said before she could slam the door. “I’m James Parker! I called you about the camera!”
Her colorless eye studied me through the crack, then she removed the chain with cautious enthusiasm, checked the street over my shoulder, allowed me in, and bolted the door three times behind us. “Jaaames?” she said. “I mistook your voice for a woman’s. Silly me!” She was old; a-hundred-and-two I assumed at the time, but probably closer to sixty-five. She wore a strapless dress with a pattern like bathroom wallpaper, cream and blue flowers, sagging low enough to expose pursed, overly tan cleavage with a melanoma-worthy mole that danced on her right breast with every word. “My you’re a big boy! Have a seat on the couch and I’ll find you that camera.”
“Thanks,” I said, still a bit shaken from the absurdity of the evening. The couch was pink velvet with pleats, buttons, ruffles, pillows, and hose marks from a vacuum. I sat.
The living room was an ecosystem of pastel kitsch; resin and porcelain figurines that probably came to life at night, kept alive by a compressed atmosphere of bitter perfume that dizzied my senses. There were shelves on every wall lavished with doilies and candles and frilly dolls with lifeless eyes. The room was like a haunted antique store with peacock feathers, torn pages from a coloring book, collectable cards with saints instead of baseball players, frames with yellowed photographs, a row of encyclopedias, jade animals, rosary beads, angels, birdhouses, clowns, lamps, silverware, crucified Christs and more, all spotless and painfully free of dust.
The woman hummed an unfamiliar tune as she rummaged through a pile of junk on a game table. Behind her, a light-green stairwell ascended into plush darkness. On the third step, a discarded bandaid.
The room’s centerpiece was not a TV, but one of those ancient phonographs with a brass crank and a speaker like a tuba. Was that the source of the beautiful song? An odd and intrusive platform stood beside the record player. It was narrow–only two feet wide and three from the ground–and draped in blood-red velour. Protruding from the center of the fabric square was a single, silver eye-hook.
“You say you want to make motion pictures,” asked Ms. Grisham.
“Yes, Ma’am. I–”
“I found it strange when you told me that on the telephone; filmmaking is not usually a woman’s pursuit. But you’re not a woman, are you Jaaames?”
“No, Ma’am.”
“I met Liz Taylor working reception at Turnberry Isle. Grey roots, she had. Can you imagine? A famous actress and roots as grey as an elephant’s trunk.”
Before I could prove my ignorance for old film stars, the woman’s head snapped around and her eyes locked on mine. “Is this a ploy?”
“I’m sorry?”
“Are you a sneaky little brat? Did you see my ad in the paper and get a perverted little idea in your perverted little brain? To sound like a woman to sneak your way in? I saw you eyeing the stairs, boy. Is there something you were looking for? Something more than a camera? Show me your money!”
“I– I’m sorry?” I muttered again.
Her body twisted to align with her head. Her back arched like a hyena. 
I suddenly recalled the scene from The Goonies where that old hag nearly shoves the fat boy’s hand in the blender. I began to panic.
“Show me that you’re serious, little boy,” she growled. “Prove that you’re here for my camera!”
I jammed my hand in my pocket and rustled the forty bucks (thirty from allowances; ten from Whit’s candy sales). I held out the crummy wad for the woman’s scrutiny while trying to get a grasp on my breathing.
She looked at the cash, then shook her head and waved her hand. “Bah. I won’t have your money.” She returned to the table and gathered the camera, a case, and two sealed rolls of film. 
I pocketed the cash and fingered my neck for a pulse.
“You’re a good kid,” she said and released the armful of beautiful components to the cushion beside me. “And that’s a good camera. Hate to see her go, but I purchased a nicer model last week. Hi-8. Records on tape. How things change.”
I was jealous. Super-8 film had a really neat look, but it would be terribly impractical. But I had to make my fairytale somehow...
“Test it out. Make sure I didn’t forget some fancy component.”
“Sure will.” My eyes glistened and I forgot about the woman’s moment of insanity. “Thank you, Ma’am.”
As I inspected the dials and triggers and reels, Ms. Grisham walked to a Lazy-Boy against the back wall. She brushed the seat and eased into it, then used the back of her hand to part thick, paisley curtains. She peered into the lamplit forest.
“I saw some boys in the woods behind your house,” I blurted. “I think they might be spying but I’m not with them, I swear. I’m just here for the camera so I can make my movie.”
“Mmm.” A lamp with a dim canary shade was the only source of light where the woman sat. Basking in the glow atop a swatch of frayed lace was a frame with gold flakes and a photograph–torn in half–of a woman in a wedding dress. A sterling-silver chain adorned the photo as if the frame was a lady’s neck; at its center hung a ring with a thick gold band and six prongs that once carried a diamond. “Have you been baptized, child?” she purred.
I unzipped the bag–more like a pouch–and slipped the camera inside. “The camera’s perfect, Ma’am. I’m staying at a friend’s house tonight and he’s probably getting worried–”
“Little boys should be baptized. Especially little boys. Flushes out the perversions. Makes you pure in the name of Jesus Christ.” She pulled her hand from the curtain and crossed herself.
Whit’s never gonna believe this. I stood.
“How old are you, Jaaames?” she asked.
“Twelve, Ma’am.”
“Sixth grade, is it?”
“Tomorrow’s the last day of class. That’s why I really should be getting–”
“You’re not popular, are you Jaaames?”
I hugged the camera to my breasts and shook my head. “I’m going to leave the money on the–”
“I don’t want your money, boy.” Her gaze drifted to my face. She looked through me. “Boy...” she whispered to herself. “Boy boy boy boyyy...”
“Ma’am, I–”
“A glass of water! A drink before you go. Then I’ll send you on your way.” She saw my hesitation. “I’m an old woman, Jaaames, and I just gave you a free camera. Your friend can wait two more minutes, don’t you think?”
I nodded.
She plucked a silver bell from the side table. She stared at me again, then her penciled eyebrows tightened, her lips thinned, and her smile hardened. She jangled the bell.
Upstairs, a door slammed. Padded footfalls trampled above me and I knew for certain that the beautiful song didn’t come from a record player. The moment the girl realized my presence, her childish gallop turned into a graceful stride down the last three steps. A subtle swipe of her left foot brushed the bandaid aside, and when she finally landed on the ground level, her face emerged from the shadows...
(Forgive me as I ease into the labyrinth of my mind and attempt to recall–vainly, in both meanings of the word–my first encounter with Mara. Forgive any unnecessary adjectives, for the girl I’m about to describe could personify the minutia of every pleasant connotation of every overused, archaic or pretentious adjective in our desperately lacking lexicon.)
She had a woman’s swagger at twelve-and-a-half. Hair: strawberry-blonde, and I vaguely recall a daisy in the crook of her ear. She was an inch taller than me, two with the ponytail; smooth cheeks and darling brown eyes that marbled in luscious contrast with her magnolia skin; cream, melting to peach, melting to pink. She beamed like a cherub without the baby fat; a tender neck; pristine lips that would never part for a dirty word. Her body–of no interest to me at the time–was wrapped from neck to toes with home-made footie pajamas, the kind they make for toddlers, but I didn’t laugh; the girl filled that silly one-piece ensemble as if it were couture.
Dear Jesus on that cross, what have you done?
Ms. Grisham sneered at the lovely girl. “Why is your hair up?”
“I’m sorry, Auntie.” She tugged the blue ribbon and released fine, un-crimped strands of woven gold.
“What happened to your blush?”
“I thought it was time for bed.”
“Did you say hello to the boy?”
She turned her head a fraction of a degree. “Hello, boy.”
(My knees became balls of play-dough and the girl’s direct address reminded me that I was an active player in this scene. I had been consumed in her appearance as if life was a movie and she was an actress. Dangit, James, I thought. SPEAK!) “Hey,” I replied with a nerdy half wave.
The woman’s eyes darted between us as she analyzed our interactions. The corner of her lip lifted. “Get the boy a glass of water.”
The girl nodded, turned up her chin as she passed me, and walked to the kitchen.
I knew it! My senses had betrayed me! This girl was still a girl; aloof, snobby, and totally weird like the rest of ‘em. My brain searched for her faults because–despite the tingling in my heart, the hallelujah chorus in my ears, and the fireworks in my head–She. Was. A. Girl. Prolly had that curly cursive that teachers adore; prolly never laughed at fart jokes; prolly scoffed at kids who wanna make movies with killer monsters and evil princes. She was probably just like Livy, stewing with girlfriends in her bedroom, finding love in the folds of a cootie-catcher, fretting about ridiculous things like bad hair and pimples and boys and S-E-X.
I have no recollection of the time between “get the boy some water” and the feeling of a moist plastic cup between my fingers. I can only imagine how awkward I appeared to Ms. Grisham, standing like a fat porcelain doll in her living room while the pretty girl retrieved my drink.
The adorable little snob stood beside me. We faced Ms. Grisham together. Thoughts of her haughtiness began to subside and my heart swayed back toward infatuation. I really did need to leave–Whit was probably furious–but I couldn’t move.
“What do you think of my niece?” asked the woman.
I forced a gulp of water. “She’s very pretty.”
“Did you hear her sing?”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
“And her voice?”
“Beautiful.”
“Will you think of her when you lay in bed tonight?”
“I don’t know, Ma’am.”
“If you were of the appropriate age, would you marry such a pretty girl?”
“I don’t know.”
“Mmm.” She looked to her niece. “And what do you think of our guest?”
The girl barely gave me the courtesy of a second glance. “His face is red and chubby,” she said. “He has little hands.”
Ms. Grisham leaned forward and rested her elbows on the arm of her chair. She flicked the wedding ring that dangled against the torn photograph. “Do you think he’ll dream of you tonight?”
“Probably.”
“Why?”
“Because boys are perverts.”
“Will you dream of him?”
“No.”
“Mmm.” The woman rolled the ring in her fingers. “Go to bed. I’ll be up soon.”
The girl nodded. She turned away and didn’t look back.
I was glad to see her leave, but at the same time, I wanted to grab her hand and never let go.
“I’ll ask you again, Jaaames,” said the woman. “What do you think of my niece?”
“I think she’s rotten.”
“Do you feel a sickness in your chest?”
“Yes.” I meant it.
The corners of her smile crept through a murk of liver marks. “Good. Enjoy your new camera.”

*  *  *

Thunk.
Thunk.
Thunk.
The locks bolted behind me. I released a bout of vapor through my nostrils and hugged my loot to my chest. It was only nine o’clock. Whit would be fine.
I looked left and searched the patch of trees for the peeping toms. I stepped from the porch, rounded the corner of the house, and saw my bike beside the lamppost, safe and sound.
A paper football fluttered from the sky. It landed with a delicate crunch in the dead grass at my feet, and somewhere above me, a window slid shut. I stooped down to read the words scrawled in blue highlighter: “FOR THE BOY.”
Part of me longed for the night to be over, to jump on my bike, process my adventure, and tell Whit all about it from the safety of his basement bedroom. The other part wanted to wait, to snatch the origami triangle and to revel in whatever words the pretty girl intended for me–
The tackle came from the right. Pain ruptured my side and the camera popped from my arms as I hit the ground. I flailed my fists at my shadowed attacker. We tussled. He wailed his fists into my shoulders. I tried to wiggle away, but he had me trapped.
When he thought I was down for good, he lunged for the note but I kicked out my foot at the perfect moment, caught his ankle, and he tripped–elbows first–onto the pouch that held my brand-new camera. CRUNCH.
My eyes stung but I held back the tears. I stood. Before my adversary could scramble away, I dropped my fat knee into his lower back and pinned him to the ground. His arm was limp but his fingers clenched my note like a steel claw. “Let it go,” I growled while working the full weight of my body into his lower spine. “Let. It. Go.”
“Uncle!” he cried and his fingers uncoiled and released the paper football. I pushed his head to the grass and crawled over his body, then I took the note, ripped the camera from under his chest, and gathered the scattered rolls of film. Just as I stepped toward my bike, the boy looked up from the dust and I saw his face for the first time.
It was A.J.
His dirt-smeared mouth dropped when he saw my face. He stood. He ran.
I dumped my soiled treasure in my bike’s basket and peddled through the moonlit subdivision until I found a safe place to breathe; a place where I could read the note; a place where that house wasn’t watching me.
Savoring the suspense, I unhinged every adorable fold of the letter. The number “31” was scrawled in the bottom left corner. I was right: curly penmanship.

“10:00. Back window.
Boys will be gone but watch the bushes.
My name is Mara.
Whats yours?”

*  *  *

The grass was wet but I didn’t care. I plopped on my stomach beside the foundation of the Conrad home and rapped on Whit’s tiny window.
My friend was in bed below me. He used a broom handle to hit the latch and I stuck my head inside.
“Where the H.E. double–”
“You won’t believe me when I tell you. But I can’t stay–”
“Mom came down twice! I had to say you were in the bathroom! We’re in such deep shit if–”
“Big whoop! I’ll be back in no time!”
“Where you goin’?”
“I’ll tell ya later. Just cover for me a little longer?”
Whit shook his head. “Didja at least get the camera?”
I stuck the bag through the window and dropped it on Whit’s chest, then I reached in my pocket and pulled a ten from the wad of cash. “Got it for free. Might be broke already, but I’ll check when I get back. I’ll hurry!” I pulled the window shut before he could protest, then I hopped on my bike and barreled back down the empty streets.

*  *  *

I hit the brakes and listened for any indication of boys in trees before dismounting my ride. My calves burned and I was sweating like a bacon-wrapped water chestnut. Panting, I leaned the bike against the bushes and–
“Holy macaroni!” I snapped my hand back and sucked my fingertip. Blood. I stooped down and peered through the needles to find what bit me. The fancy bushes were laced with barbed wire.
“Psst!”
I looked up.
It was Mara. She held her finger to her lips. “Shh.”
I nodded and mouthed, “Okay!”
She disappeared into her room and I felt a ping of sick in my throat. A white bed sheet flew from the window, fanned out, and drifted to the side of the house. The girl was holding the top corner. When I saw her, the sickness faded.
She held up her finger and mouthed, “Just a minute!” then tied the corner onto something below the sill. The sheet thinned into a homemade rope and the tip brushed the booby-trapped bush.
I shook my head, pointed to the rope and whispered loudly, “I can’t climb that!”
She rolled her eyes and hoisted a picnic basket over her shoulder. In one swift motion she grabbed the rope, hurdled the window frame, and shimmied down the siding like Mary Jane with Spiderman’s powers. I winced as she neared the bushes, but she planted her feet against the wall with deft timing, pushed off, and landed on the ground unscathed.
Whoa.
“So?” she said.
“So what?”
“I told you my name, silly. What’s yours?”
“Oh. James.”
Mara grinned. She had dimples. She wasn’t wearing the footie pajamas, but light-blue jeans and a purple sweatshirt. Her hair was back in a ponytail. I wanted to hug.
“Afraid of heights?” she asked and looked to the trees. Her neck was a sweet caress. Shadows from the batting moths turned her skin to lace.
“Nope,” I said. “I love climbing trees.”
She grabbed my hand. That simple touch unleashed a potent current as if our bodies were opposite ends of a battery. As we ran to the woods hand-in-hand, the kinetic charge struck a pair of contradictory chords: an barrage of self-doubt and a feeling of unconditional acceptance. I felt the earth tremble beneath my trampling girth, but the sense of inadequacy was matched by an unspoken understanding that Mara didn’t care about my weight. I watched the effortless curves of her jeans as she ran and became acutely aware of my pepperoni nipples chaffing against my tee. My pits and back and butt were drenched... her body probably didn’t know what a sweat gland was. But despite my sudden desire to fix my despicable body, I knew she liked me anyway.
Mara stopped beneath the tree with the tallest column of rungs. Basket in hand, she started to climb. “Watch for rusty nails,” she called back.
“Okie-dokie,” I replied. Okie-dokie? Uhg.
She giggled.
A wooden platform was wedged between three branches where the trunk split. It was barely large enough for the two of us, but our knees would have to touch in order to fit, so I didn’t mind the squeeze.
The basket was open when I reached the top. Mara removed a flashlight, a box of Ritz crackers, and a circle of brie, then placed them on the particleboard between us.
“Cheese and crackers,” she said. “It’s all I could find.”
“Looks good. I’m starvin’.”
“Meee too.” She un-crinkled the crackers and took out a knife.
“It’s awesome up here,” I marveled, then glanced up and noticed that our ceiling was a cluster of dead twigs. The nearby trees still created a lush ring of leaves, but the branches on our tree were bare. I followed the black curve of the sickly trunk, then grabbed Mara’s flashlight and switched it on. The beam made a circle on the tree’s rugged skin and illuminated the letters “M” and “L” cut repeatedly into the bark. I traced the beam from the base of our platform up to the highest twig... thousands of jagged initials spiraled the trunk and choked the tree in an onslaught of “M.L.M.L.M.L.M.L.”
“My middle name is Lynn...” she said, her eyes turned down as she spread cheese on a Ritz.
I turned off the flashlight, accepted the snack, and tried to ignore the eerie presence of our strangled sanctuary.

*  *  *

“Why did you invite me here?” I asked. “Those things you said...”
Mara gave me the first cracker. “I felt bad,” she replied. “I wanted to tell you that I didn’t mean it.”
I nibbled the snack politely. “Then why–”
“It’s what she wanted.”
“Your aunt is weird. She sounded normal on the–”
“She’s not my real aunt.”
“Grandma?”
“She just wants me to call her that.”
“Why? Who is she?”
“We sleep in the same room.” Mara nodded to the window, then popped a cheese-covered cracker in her mouth.
“She’s in there now? How did you sneak out?”
“I found a walkman on the ground a few months ago. It had a tape of me singing, so I kept it. When I play it while Aunty sleeps, she doesn’t wake up. Sometimes I leave it on her pillow and sneak downstairs to watch I Love Lucy on Nick at Nite.”
“Cool.”
“Every Sunday she pulls out her wedding album and tells me the same stories over and over.”
“Stories?”
“About her husband. He left.”
“Oh. Are all the pictures ripped like the picture in the frame?”
“You’re the first boy I’ve ever seen in the house. Aunty hates them.”
“Them?”
“Boys.”
“Oh. Do you hate boys too?”
Mara dipped her finger in the cheese. “They’re just... gross.”
Gross. I’ve heard a million girls use that word, but “gross” from Mara’s lips carried a dark undertone and stern authenticity. I thought about the boys in the trees. “Zombies...” I said.
“I call ‘em ‘ferrets.’”
“Aren’t ferrets fast? Those boys were practically saying ‘braaains’ with their arms out in front of them.”
She shrugged, then wiped her mouth on her sleeve. “Maybe a little of both.”
The wind picked up and rustled the leaves. A strand of hair loosened from Mara’s ponytail and my insides ached to brush it back behind her ear.
“Have you heard the radio commercial for Great Lakes Family Diner?” She searched my eyes for comprehension, but I couldn’t stop staring at the fallen strand of hair. “You know... the one where the Dad asks his kids where they wanna eat and the little girl says, ‘How ‘bout Great Lake Faaaaaamily Diner!’”
The catchphrase snapped me back to the conversation. “Yeah!” I exclaimed. I stuck out my jaw and squinted my eyes. “Hop in yer pick-up and bring in the kids for the best darned chicken in West Michigan! When you want good food, make it–” Mara chimed in, “Great Lake Faaaaaamly Diner!”
She grabbed her tummy and keeled with laughter. “That’s me!” she said. “The little girl!”
“No way! That’s totally rad!”
The bout of giggles unhitched another strand, giving her face a golden frame. I sat on my hands to keep them away.
“They said I did a good job–”
“I love that commercial!”
“–but Aunty says I can’t do ‘em any more.”
“What a geezer.”
The tips of Mara’s unkept hair were moist from brushing against her lips. Another gust of wind twirled the strands and they lashed her cheeks.
“Hey,” I said, “you should act in my movie! I need a girl for the lead!”
Mara shook her head. “She won’t let me.”
“Why the heck not? I wrote the screenplay and everything!”
“Do you go to school?”
“Duh,” I muttered and forced my gaze from the taunting hair to the sky. “Who doesn’t go to school?”
“I was supposed to be in sixth grade this year, but I didn’t go. Do you think I’ll still hafta take it, or will I go right into seventh?”
I looked back to Mara with wide eyes. “You skipped the sixth grade? That. Is. Awesome!”
“I got in trouble last year. It wasn’t really my fault, but Aunty wouldn’t let me go back.”
Another strand. The new ribbon of hair fell in a beautiful arc across her brown eyes. I was certain she would see it–
I leaned forward and freed my hands. I swept my fingers across Mara’s brow and tucked the strands gently behind her ear. “I– I just– You’re just– Holy cow, I’m so sorry. I just had to–”
“Thanks,” she said. She smiled.
I realized I was holding my breath. I exhaled loudly, then sucked in the cool air.
Mara didn’t seem to notice my gasps. “I keep telling you stuff about me,” she said. “Tell me somethin’ neat about you.”
“Well...” I cleared my throat. My life was full of interesting tidbits that Mara might enjoy, but that stupid camera came to mind first. I didn’t want to stutter like a moron, so I went with it. “I like to make movies. I was gonna direct one this summer but...” I paused. How much should I tell her?
“But?”
“But I lost my camera.”
“That stinks.”
“I lied. I didn’t lose it...”
“Oh?”
I would discover later that Mara’s powers did not include coaxing people to tell the truth... but the magical, mystical, otherworldly attraction was already working its–
Another gosh-darned strand of hair dismounted her perky ear with obnoxious timing and I blurted the truth. “I traded my camera to Danny B. for a picture of a naked girl because he’s a bully and he was gonna show his friends and I felt sick even though I didn’t know the girl and my parents asked about it so I lied!”
Mara’s eyes were bigger than the moon. She brushed the hair from her face, but it fell right back.
“Now your aunt gave me a new camera but I have to buy film for it and film is really expensive and you have to send it in to get it developed and– God, Mara,” I crooned, “you’re so pretty.”
I reached for that last strand of hair... but when the tips of my finger brushed her cheek, she leaned forward and I leaned forward and the tips of our noses touched.
That trifling moment of nuzzled faces and near-kisses unlocked within me a treasure chest of new understanding. It finally happened. The mystery was solved! Butterflies, explosions, and white-hot elation spurred my very first girl-inspired stiffy, and I squirmed in my seat to squash it.
If my body and mind had been developed enough to be naturally excited by an accidental Eskimo kiss, the feelings that followed might have been ordinary. But looking back, I was at least a year away from the awkward stage of wet bed sheets and curly tufts of hair. My arousal was premature. The thirstiness in my gut was not the usual first-love infatuation... but something unnatural, foreboding, and stronger than a life debt.
Mara pulled away and smiled. “More crackers?” she asked.

*  *  *

I don’t remember our conversation after the moment our noses touched. I don’t recall climbing out of the tree, and I’m not sure how Mara reached the rope over the barb-riddled bushes. 
I do remember tying the basket to the blanket and the way her slender arms hoisted the contraption like an anchor on a boat. I remember the last words she whispered from her perch, “See ya later, alligator.” 
I remember her smile.
Somehow, Whit had managed to keep us out of trouble. I snuck through his house, down the ramp to the basement, then regaled him with my adventures until the morning sun turned his bedroom orange.
We attended our last day of elementary school with heavy eyes and naps at recess. When the last bell rang and the kids went berserk, I felt above it. Mrs. Conrad picked us up at the flag pole and unknowingly ushered us into the craziest summer of our lives.
Back in Whit’s bedroom I remembered the item that sparked the evening’s insanity.
“Is it broke?” he asked.
I inspected the plastic casing and twisted the dials.
“Is it gonna work?” he asked.
I rotated the lens... and it fell off in my hand.
“Shit!” he said. “That dick weed broke it!”
“Crap...” I said, but before the grief had a chance to settle, a hatch sprung open. I scrunched my brow and poked the camera’s innards.
“What?” Whit asked. “What is it?”
I removed a black and yellow canister of film from the open chamber.
“Didja already shoot somethin’?”
“No,” I said. “The old lady must’ve.”
Whit grinned. “We gotta develop that shit. Today.”


3. SAINTLY MS. GRISHAM

Tuesday.
Mara’s variation of Amazing Grace had been stuck in my head on an endless loop. It wasn’t a bad thing–the music rocked me to sleep at night and nudged me awake in the morning–but the melody had kindled a blistering thirst that couldn’t be satisfied. When I was alone, the girl’s voice was so translucent that I swore she was hiding between my bedroom walls or serenading me from the distant woods.
I had to see her again. But opportunities were gonna be sparse.
Three days into summer vacation and Whit was already a regular at the Parker home. His parents worked all day, so the moms decreed that the bulk of our playtime would be spent at the castle. Whit’s mom even taught my mom how to assist with his nightly leg stretches.
Luckily, the castle was the perfect place to have a best friend and a mystery to unravel. Tucked behind my clothes in my bedroom closet was a secret passageway with a door small enough for a garden gnome. I told the lil’ tykes that it lead to Narnia and Cair Paravel, but the real passage was a million times cooler than some make-believe world. The walls were lined with cotton-candy insulation. There were knotty joists, archways of colorful wire, and mysterious rattling sounds that spurred my imagination. I had to crawl for the first few feet, but then the tunnel grew into a plush cavern and I could sit upright without bumping my head against iron pipes. An orange extension cord ran from my bedroom, beneath the tiny door, to a power strip where I could charge my camera batteries, play my stereo, or run a fan during the summer. The only source of light came from a naked bulb screwed between the plastic ears of a Mickey Mouse lamp. I had a personal stash of books, journals, and Batman comics stacked beneath the rectangular duct in the corner. On the opposite end of the secret cavern, the tunnel narrowed, curved right and led to another tiny door in the library. My best screenplays were written in that dusty womb beneath Mickey’s dim light.
To fit through the opening, Whit had to vacate his chair and crawl. “Your the only person who’ll ever see me do this,” he said. “It’s flippin’ embarrassing.” Although he moved a bit like a broken marionette, I retained my dignity (as Dad would say) and held back my laughter.
“I’m not a bad case,” he told me in the cavern’s musty pink fluff. “I don’t have any of the usual symptoms of spina biffida. I don’t have learning disabilities, I’m not fat–no offense–and I’m not allergic to latex.”
Whit was halfway through a book about secret codes and taught me clever ways to disguise my secrets. Our production notebook became a tome of cyphers; I would write, “Please Eat Nine Interesting Smarties, Brother. Reptiles Eat A Tiny Hamburger!” Whit would write: “All Signs Say We’re Inbred People Eaters!” then we would trade messages and die laughing.
When Mom (who upheld “sucks” as a dirty word until I turned eighteen) discovered the notes in the trash, it didn’t take her long to decipher our intricate system of words. My teeth were promptly smeared with a bar of soap and Whit was sent home with an apology letter to his parents.
We regrouped the following morning. Mrs. Conrad dropped her son off in the driveway and I carried his chair up the foyer steps. He hoisted himself back into his seat and rolled to my bedroom. When the door was closed, he clapped his hands once and declared, “We gotta make this movie!”
I stood beside my bed and stared at the tussled remains of a restless night. “We need a camera to make a movie,” I barely replied.
“We’ve been planning this thing since Christmas. Two weeks ago I couldn’t shut you up about the monsters and the castle and the fireworks. Then we run into one little snag, and you act like you don’t care anymore!”
My sheets were covered in big, primary-colored dinosaurs roaming cotton ripples and the damp stains. “I’ve been busy,” I said.
“You remember Dave-the-nose-picker?”
“Uh huh.”
“His mom got first place at The Lakeshore Celebration Art Show last year. She makes real ugly pictures; I think she gives finger paint to a toddler and calls it art.”
“So what.”
“So she won! And her trophy was huge!”
“We’re kids. We’re not gonna beat real artists with a movie.”
One of the twins blew through the door, tongue flubbering in a torrent of slobbery motorboat noises. He made a running leap for my bed but I caught him mid-air, spun him around like an airplane, aimed him at the exit, and said, “Scat!” The boy buzzed away and I slammed the door behind him.
“Why don’t you talk to Danny,” Whit suggested. “See if he’ll give you back the camera.”
I sighed and paced my bed. “Roslyn’s gone, remember?”
“So trade him somethin’ else. Your dad’s an architect.”
“So?”
“He’s rich.”
“I’ve got bigger things on my mind than a stupid fairytale.”
“Hey! I’ve been producer on this thing since–”
“Since Christmas, I know.”
“And I’m the co-writer, too.”
“Bull Shanky! You came up with one idea!”
“And it was good! The Girl gets seduced by a nasty monster–”
“We don’t have a camera!” I shouted, then snapped the little-kid dinosaur sheets off my bed.
Whit rolled his eyes. “How long till the tape comes back?”
“We sent it two days ago.”
“Crap. So another five?”
“At least.”
“You better not watch it without me. You promised.”
I balled the sheets in my arms, threw them at the hamper, and plopped down on the bare mattress.
“Think your sexy girlfriend is on the tape?”
“It’s not tape, it’s film. And for the bagillionth time, I don’t know.”
“Think we’ll see her bedroom? I love the smell of girl-bedroom.”
“You wouldn’t know a girl’s bedroom from a hamster cage.”
“Why are you so crabby?” Whit rolled to the bed and poked me in the arm. “Are you whipped?” When I didn’t respond, he sang, “James and Mara, sittin’ in a tree–”
“Grow up.”
“F-u-c-k-i-n–”
“Whit! Knock it off!”
He groaned. “Why aren’t we having fuuuuun!”
I sighed again. “I have a question...”
“What.”
“You wore diapers ‘til you were eight, right?”
Whit’s face crumpled into an angry snarl. “They fixed that. And if you tell anybody–”
“I think something’s wrong with me.”
He grabbed his wheels and jerked back. “What? What happened?”
I turned over and pressed my face in my pillow.
“James?” he said. “What the heck happened?”
“Last night,” I said. “I wet the stinkin’ bed.”

*  *  *

Saturday.
Dad caught me on the way to the mailbox and informed me that the USPS never ships on weekends. Crap! Our film was probably sittin’ on a warehouse shelf like the Ark at the end of Raiders. He assured me it would arrive on Monday, then drove me to Whit’s house and dropped me off.
We wasted no time devising an excuse to “go for a stroll,” then took that stroll directly to the big blue mailbox across the street from Ms. Grisham’s house.
“I don’t see Mara,” Whit said.
“Shh.”
“Think she’s inside? It doesn’t look that scary. Maybe you should ring the bell. Were all those cars here before?”
“Calm down. No, the driveway was empty.”
“Who are all those people? Looks like old-folks cars. Ring the bell. Lemme see if this girl’s as hot as you say.”
“I never said ‘hot.’”
“Prettyyy, then.”
“Beautiful.”
Whit pulled two candy bars from his backpack. “Here,” he said. “For takin’ me with.”
I considered the chocolate, then held up my hand. “No thanks.”
“Wouldja look at that? James Parker... turnin’ down food! I do declare!”
“Shh! Shut up!”
For a split second I thought the music was another realistic echo of “Amazing Grace,” but it was a different song and it was coming from the house. 
My soul was complete. 

“O God of loveliness,
O Lord of Heaven above
How worthy to possess
My hearts devoted love.”

CRASH!
I looked left. Whit was belly down. His chair was on its side.
I abandoned my cover, flipped the chair to its wheels, then darted to Whit. I slipped my arms beneath his pits and pulled him back to his seat. “Are you okay?”
“Listen!” he said.

“So sweet Thy Countenance, 
So gracious to behold
That one, one only glance
To me were bliss untold.”

The song finished and the house expelled a round of muffled applause that reminded me of locust wings. I pulled Whit back behind the mailbox and peeked over the hump.
“You were right,” he said.
“About what?”
“Her.”
I raised my hand to shield the sun. A minute later the front door clicked three times, opened, and spewed a dandy parade of canes, walkers, floral print, society hats with sagging brims, and uniform bibles with purple leather covers. The women filtered onto the grass and dabbed their eyes with hankies. Leading the gaggle was Ms. Grisham, less curmudgeonly than the night we met, basking in hugs and handshakes and nods of approval from her blubbering flock of groupies.
“I don’t see Mara!” Whit said.
“She’ll prolly stay inside. What do those pins say?”
“Pins?”
“On their lapels.”
“I can’t read ‘em from here.”
“Go check.”
“You go check!”
“Ms. Grisham doesn’t know you. Just roll down the sidewalk and find out where those ladies are from.”
Whit accepted the challenge. He wheeled away toward the dead end of the cul-de-sac, followed the curve by the woods, then slid past the house as the women worked their keys into the locks of their cars. No one paid the boy any attention except Ms. Grisham; she watched the rolling rodent like an owl with yellow eyes and a detached neck.
Whit didn’t look back, but scooted along with surprising self-control. 
When the women were gone and Ms. Grisham was back inside, I left the mailbox and ran to catch up. “Well?” I asked.
“The pins were all the same,” he replied. “’The Holy Trinity Cathedral of the Dunes, League of Catholic Women.’”
“Geez o’ peets!” I said. “How’d you remember all that?”
Whit grabbed my wrist.
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
“I wanna meet her, James.” He pulled me closer. “I wanna meet that girl.”

*  *  *

Sunday.
Political correctness didn’t exist in 1994. Livy was “black,” Whitney was “handicapped,” Danny B. was “deformed,” and my new chum Dominique was “Mexican” even though his parents were from Puerto Rico. If Dom had been an alter boy ten years later, the PC Police would call him an “alter server.”
He was a tiny boy with a smooth face and a gap between every tooth. He looked seven years old but swore he was ten. “I figured it out last year,” he told me in the opulent seclusion of the cathedral’s cry room. “There’s a vent above the second stall in the boy’s bathroom–”
“You crawl through the vents?”
“Heck no! They’re too small. But one day I’m hangin’ a rat in that stall and I hear voices, so I finish up and stand on the seat. And what do I hear? Mrs. Crenshaw is confessing her sins. She’s tellin’ Father Stevenson how she got bit by a snake in the Walmart garden center–which is already big gossip in the congregation–and that she was the one who put the snake in the rosemary plant and jabbed it ‘til it bit her.”
“Why would somebody do that?”
“To sue the pants off Walmart!”
“What does this hafta do with–”
“It’s hard to stand on the toilet and I can only hear every other word, so when Mara came along–” Dominique paused and traced a cross on his chest, “–I figured she’d hafta confess eventually, right? So I get the idea to use my super-sonic listening gun that came with the science kit I got for my birthday. I sneak it in under my robe, then stand on the toilet and push the microphone way back in the vent, then I put on the headphones and pretend like I’m peeing. And boy oh boy, I can hear it all! Just like I’m right beside ‘em in the confessional.”
“Did you hear Mara?”
“It’s two months before she makes a confession on a Sunday that I’m serving. But then I see Ms. Grisham shove her in that box with Father Stevenson so I hang up my robe, hook up my super-sonic hearing gun, and listen to the whole sha-bang.”
“Un-stinkin’-believable,” I said. Although my fairytale was still on hold, I had convinced my parents that–whenever I found a new camera–I would need a scene in a medieval church. On the first Sunday of summer vacation, Dad dropped me off at The Holy Trinity Cathedral of the Dunes on his way to morning coffee.
It was imperative that Mara didn’t catch me spying–I needed to distinguish myself from the real zombies–so I had ducked behind a plaster column and eyed her from the back of the church. The girl sat in the sagging crook of Ms. Grisham’s arm in the first row. She wore an ivory gown with an ivory sash, and her hair was crimped in rosy waves that tickled the hymnal on the back of her pew. Behind her, a boy leaned forward and sniffed her neck.
I first noticed Dominique as he shuffled down the center isle in a delicate procession of boys in white robes. Some held brass spears with candles and crosses; Dom swung a smoking bowl from silver chains like a pendulum. They all wore wooden crosses around their necks and red sashes over their shoulders. 
The congregation watched the parade in silence.
As the altar boys approached the front of the sanctuary, the little Mexican began to fall out of sync. He veered to the left and his fancy bowl began to swing faster and faster in a whirl of white smoke. He swayed right to rejoin the procession, but his head was turned and tilted. I followed his eye-line across the church; sure enough, he was fixated on the little girl in the first pew.
The other boys lifted their feet for the two steps up to the pulpit, but Dominique–too distracted to notice–bumped his toes into the bottom step, dropped his bowl with a clang and puff of soot, and knocked over the kid with the cross.
Somewhere in the frazzle that followed, Mara and Ms. Grisham made their escape.
When Mass was over, I ran outside, found Dad waiting in his car, and asked for ten more minutes to look around. Being a tremendous supporter of the arts, he agreed.
Back in the sanctuary, the clumsy delinquent was scrubbing dust and incense from the burn holes in the carpet. To get his attention, I whispered a password that would unlock countless secrets from tight-lipped boys: Mara.
“I shouldn’t be telling you this stuff.” Dom continued while glancing nervously around the empty cry room. “None of the other boys like this job, but I do. And if I get busted twice in one Sunday, I’m gone.”
“There’s nobody here. And I won’t tell a soul.”
“Cross your heart?”
“And hope to die, stick a needle in my–”
“I trust you.” He lowered his voice. “So I’m sitting on the pot listening to Mara and Father Stevenson.” He crossed himself again. “She tells him that she has bad thoughts about her aunt, but that she prays for her every night.”
“Ms. Grisham...”
“Yeah. I have bad thoughts about her too. She’s always got Mara–” (another cross) “–under her ugly arm, and whenever Mara–” (another cross) “–talks to a priest, that geezery old lady paces back and forth outside the confessional.”
“Then what happened?”
“So Father Stevenson tells Mara–” (another cross) “–that her aunt means well, but that the old bat isn’t worthy of raising such a special Little Madonna.”
“Madonna?” I asked and imagined Mara sticking pointy birthday hats under her shirt.
“Our Holy Mother.”
“Oh.”
“Then he tells her that Mary was only a few years older when she gave birth to Christ.”
“What a weirdo.”
“Mara–” (another cross) “–says she’s been having bad thoughts about boys too. Father Stevenson asks if they’re wrathful thoughts, or a different kind of bad. She says she doesn’t know... they’re just bad. So then he asks, ‘Is it the same as the last time you had these thoughts? With Trevor?’ and she says, ‘No Father, I don’t think so.’ Then he tells her that her aunt is as crazy as a naked blue jay and that she’s a perfect child who doesn’t need absolution.”
“So what?”
“So that never happens! I’m in catechism so I know a thing or two about the Good Book. It teaches that everybody does bad things once in a while. Heck, Mrs. Crenshaw got twenty Hail Mary’s for gettin’ bit by that snake.”
“Geez.”
“Don’t blaspheme.”
“Huh?”
“So when Mara’s finally done–” (another cross) “–Ms. Grisham steps in–”
“Oh boy!”
“–and she totally skips the whole ‘Bless-me-Father-for-I-have sinned’ part and flat-out calls Mara a demon!” (another cross).
“A demon? Why?”
Dom inched closer. “There’s somethin’ else strange goin’ on.”
“What?” I whispered.
“Ms. Grisham had that pretty little girl baptized three times.” 
“Is that bad?”
“You’re only supposeda be baptized once! But Father Stevenson approved it and even performed every one of them.”
“Weird...”
“So Ms. Grisham’s in there callin’ my girl a demon; says the baptisms are wearing off and that she might need a fourth. Father says that’s not why we get baptized. Grisham says her niece is obstinate. Father says Christ was obstinate too and that confession is a time to admit your own sins and not the sins of others. Then–this is the best part–he sends the witch home with fifty Hail Marys.”
“James Parker!” My Dad’s sanctimonious voice echoed through the chambers.
“Crap,” I said. “Looks like I gotta bolt.”
“No prob. I gotta get that carpet clean if I ever wanna carry another thurible.”
“James!”
“Coming Dad!” I shouted. I stood up, then turned back for my final question. “Hey, Dom.”
“Yeah?”
“Why do you make that cross on your chest every time you say her name?”
He looked at me with lovesick eyes. “’Cause every time I think about that girl, my mind commits a sin.”

*  *  *

Monday.
When boys are twelve, phrases like “She’s not my aunt, she just wants me to call her that,” don’t stand out as particularly odd. Three baptisms and “Little Madonna” sounded strange, but not perverse and certainly not dangerous. I blame part of my naiveté on my age, part on the era. Either way, our brief tree-top dialogue and my conversation with the alter boy churned for days before warning signs registered in my developing brain. If Ms. Grisham wasn’t Mara’s mother, aunt, or grandma, then who was she? If Mara was adopted, surely she’d call the woman “Mom” like Livy did. And if she was a foster kid, she wouldn’t be living with the same woman for so many years.
Something was very wrong.
Last night I dreamt that Mara was in my bedroom. She was wearing the same footie pajamas from the evening we met, but her hair was crimped like it was in church. My room became a snow globe of slow-drifting feathers and my ceiling’s glow-in-the-dark galaxy dissolved into a holy dusting of Milky Way stars. Mara watched them, her head against my forearm, cuddled against me with fuzzy limbs brushing against my skin.
I woke up wet for the second time in a week, then snuck another load of laundry to baptize my sticky shame in a barrel of tumbling bubbles.
If Ms. Grisham didn’t have legal custody of Mara, that was a humungous problem... but maybe it was a problem that I could use to my advantage.
It goes without saying: my mother had a big heart. If she knew what I knew about the little girl in Whit’s suburb, she would do everything in her power to set things straight. However, Mom’s emotional response would be countered by Dad’s debilitating logic. He would explain in his calm, condescending tone that we don’t have all the facts, that we don’t know the whole situation, and that it would be a shame to call Social Services on an innocent woman.
If I wanted to convince them both of Mara’s situation, I was gonna need proof.
Meanwhile, the castle routine continued as usual. Despite her fears, Livy passed the seventh grade with As on every exam. The twins were little balls of mayhem, and Fantasia was... still just a baby. Dad spent the first eight hours of every weekday at the firm, then came home and retired to the eagle-watching tower with binoculars and a glass of wine. At seven o’clock he emerged in a lackadaisical mood for dinner and time with the family.
Every Monday, Mom hired a pair of babysitters to supervise an at-home daycare in our basement. Her friends arrived at noon, dropped their youngsters alongside the twins and Fantasia in the downstairs playroom, then joined my mother in the library for “The Demi Moore Cigar Club.” Although it would be two years until the Ghost actress appeared on the cover of Cigar Aficionado, rumors of her bold tastes and macho elegance earned the respect of women from Hollywood to West Michigan. Mom’s club even had its own cigar box with fancy clips and trays.
When the ladies were settled, I wiggled through my secret passage and held my ear to the seam of light that defined the library-side hatch. The voices were clear, but despite bouts of laughter, the conversation was dull.
The privacy of the passage encouraged my curiosity. From my stack of books I removed a children’s encyclopedia I normally used for screenplay ideas (the entries on medieval times and the Brother’s Grimm provided a full sketchbook of inspiration). I held the hefty book beneath Mickey’s lamplight and turned to the index.
“Sex, see Reproduction.”
Back to the “R”s.
“Reproduction, 44, 180, 234, 496”
Flip to page four-ninety-six and... jackpot!
I stumbled across this page a dozen times during my research, but I always gagged at the drawings of naked people and giggled at the word “scrotum.”
This time, something was different. I read the curious words with genuine interest: “seminal,” “fallopian,” “cervix,” “urethra”; black lines connecting each word to a corresponding pastel blob in the exposed guts of the nudists. The pictures fascinated me, particularly a colorful cross-section of an erect penis sticking straight up inside a vagina. I tried to imagine how it must look in real life, but I couldn’t get the technical drawing out of my head. As I focused on the image, a warm feeling swelled between my thighs–
“Hey dorkface!”
It was Livy! I slammed the book, snapped off the Mickey lamp, and hugged my knees in the darkness.
“James!” she yelled again. “There’s a package for you!”

*  *  *

The film was already warm when I opened the envelope; the brown ribbon hugged the reel in a tight, immaculate spiral of images and magnetic sound.
Whit wasn’t due for another forty-five minutes.
I heaved my father’s projector from the storage closet to my hideout. He bought the machine at a garage sale a few years back so we could watch Mom’s old family movies from Cleveland. Now it was mine.
Clamps with rubber tips held a white towel to the banisters, creating a small but reliable movie screen. My stubby fingers rushed to feed the film’s tiny perforations into the projector’s gears while drops of sweat formed on the peaks of my ears. Dismantling a time bomb would have been less nerve-wracking.
A flick of the switch and the bulb ignited the towel with a tattered white square of scratches and specks. The cone of light illuminated a swirl of dust and I inhaled deeply the robust scent of heated acetate.
Like the click of a baseball card in bike spokes, the machine pulled the film across the lens to create a wild scramble of orange and yellow. The built-in speaker screeched. I lowered the volume so the women wouldn’t hear.
Suddenly, the ladies, the castle, my world dissolved. I was alone with my thoughts and the unfocused image... and Mara’s voice. I didn’t know the song–another church song–but the effect was the same. Heavy breathing accompanied the melody. It was a raspy, distorted breathing that tugged my neck hairs like a static-charged balloon.
The image bounced, cleared, and reeled into it’s final position, gazing into the darkness of a single familiar lamppost and snow covered trees. The picture bobbed with morbid breaths. Then, from the grainy shadows and the winter wonderland, the boys appeared; only a handful, zombie-like and staring directly at me.
There was no question that Ms. Grisham was the crappy camera operator, sitting in her recliner beside the window. Her breath became a chant that muffled Mara’s voice; a garbled tirade with words unfamiliar.
The snow zoomed through the lamplight and stuck like spit-wads to the faces of the boys. Then, the camera whirled in a burst of blue and yellow streaks and landed on a wide composition of the antique living room. Mara crowned that blood-red platform like a music-box ballerina. She was in her underwear; her ankle handcuffed to the bolted eye-hook in the center of the stage.

*  *  *

In the driveway, Mom laughed with Mrs. Bullard and Mrs. Greenfield as the other women strapped their kids in car seats. There were jokes about roach clips, compliments on the newest phase of the castle’s renovation, and playful suggestions to make the cigar club a daily retreat.
When the last minivan was gone, Mom noticed me straddling Leo’s stone back. Her smile faded when she saw my eyes. I stepped off the lion, approached her slowly, and fell into a bear hug.
I told her about Roslyn. I told her about my late-night trip to the Grisham house. I knew the consequences, but I didn’t care.
Whit arrived at the peak of my confession. My cheeks were red and stained with tears. The film was in my mother’s hand.
Despite her calming reassurance–despite the burning embarrassment and the sickness from what I saw–I could not shake the memory of the raspy chant that distorted my angel’s song.

*  *  *

Tuesday.
Dad suggested I stay, but Mom let me go.
I met Whit behind the cul-de-sac mailbox a moment before Mr. Anderson arrived. He was a friend from Social Services and my mother’s mentor when she first became a foster parent.
Mom met him at the window of his brown van and gave him the film.
He unspooled the header. He held it to the sunlight. He closed one eye and pulled out a yard of film. He paused every few inches to scan the tiny pictures, then spooled the reel and jammed it in his lapel pocket.
Whit’s shoulders fell and he shook his head. “Always gotta do the right thing, huh?”
Three clicks and Ms. Grisham opened the door in a plain purple dress and curlers in her hair. Reluctantly, she invited Mom and Mr. Anderson inside.
Thirty minutes later, two patrol cars arrived without sirens. Inside, the woman screamed.
Ms. Grisham was removed from her home–thrashing and cursing–in the arms of two police officers. 
“Jesus Christ has damned you all!” she cried, feet dragging the sidewalk and curlers unravelling. “Get behind me, Satan! Tempt me no more! Send that whore back to Babylon and put that demon down!”
The officers strengthened their hold, then flattened her across the hood of the car.
“Damn her!” she screamed. “Damn that bitch to hell!”
One officer read the woman her rights. The other secured the handcuffs and ducked her into the car.
Mom appeared at the doorway, one hand on her hip, the other covering her mouth. She watched the patrol cars drive away and her chest heaved. She turned around and nodded once.
Mr. Anderson emerged at last, holding the delicate hand of a downcast little girl. Mara didn’t look up. Mom touched her shoulder and led her to the passenger side of the van while Mr. Anderson jumped in the driver’s seat. From our poor vantage behind the mailbox, Whit and I couldn’t see the girl or my mother, but the van remained motionless for a very long time.
Finally, Mr. Anderson turned the engine and drove away. Mom waved, and as she crossed the street to our car, I could tell that she too had been crying.

*  *  *

The twins were sent to bed early and Dad rallied Livy and me to the dining room for a family meeting. Mom was already seated and rocking Fantasia to sleep.
Dad spoke slowly with his hands folded between us, pausing every so often to judge our reactions from the rim of his glasses. “Your mother and I talked it over, and we think it’s best if Mara stays with us for the summer...”
My chest–
“...just until we can find her a permanent home.”
I couldn’t breathe but I couldn’t let them see. A surge of blood darkened my vision and I thought for sure I was going to faint.
“Where will she sleep?” Livy asked.
“Well,” Mom said, “the twins are already settled in the third bedroom, and since the downstairs guest room is still unfinished, we thought you might let Mara stay with you.”
Livy rolled her eyes. “Can I still have sleepovers?”
“Of course.”
She sighed dramatically, then nodded. “Yeah, that’d be cool.”
“What about you, James,” Dad asked.
I nodded. It was all I could do.
We discussed a few more particulars, then Mom stood from her chair and tapped Livy’s shoulder. “Let’s let the boys talk for a bit. Help me put the baby to bed?” As my sister grumbled, Mom winked at Dad and left the room.
For an hour and seventeen minutes, my deepest fears were realized. The situation with Mara and that glimpse of Roslyn’s thigh prompted The Dreaded Talk. For an hour and seventeen minutes, I learned from my father the truth about boys and girls. I learned the reason that I wet the bed in more scientific detail than any encyclopedia could offer.
Dad’s speech concluded with a hug that dissipated the blush in my cheeks. He nodded to my room. “There’s a present on your bed,” he said.
“A present?”
“For doing the right thing.” He smiled and smacked the back of my head.
I ran. I nearly tripped over the parlor rug. I opened my door and flicked on the light and saw–sitting smack in the middle of my dinosaur comforter–a brand new video camera.


4. CAMERA TESTS

Whit begged me to invite him to dinner the night Mara arrived. Luckily, Mom had a standing rule that forbade visitors on the first day of a new arrival, so I could tell my friend that I didn’t have a choice. Dinner would be strange enough without a perv in a wheelchair.
I had three days to prepare. First, I slyly solicited Mom for a haircut, claiming the three inches of shag was making my head sweat in the summer heat. Next, I “accidentally” dropped my Fraggle Rock toothbrush in the toilet. Dad told me to boil it in water... but Mom saved the day and replaced it with a plain toothbrush from her bottomless bin of backup toiletries. My room was gagging on Star Wars memorabilia, Jurassic Park dinosaurs, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles action figures, and posters of Harrison Ford, but I couldn’t hide the trove without stirring my family’s suspicions. I searched out the most embarrassing aliens and the largest dinosaurs and shoved them under my bed. Mr. Ford could stay.
Last winter, Mom snagged a pamphlet on child obesity from the YMCA and suggested that I use it as a guide to earning my Super Nintendo. Annoyed, I shoved it in my junk drawer and forgot about it. But now... I was motivated! I retrieved the pamphlet, studied the charts, and determined my goal weight to be one hundred and twenty-five pounds. I borrowed Mom’s scale and stepped up. Twenty pounds to go.
A NordicTrack ski machine sat beside the laundry-room door in the basement. One of the cords was tangled around the wooden base, and a row of newly-pressed shirts hung from the extension bar. The rest of the exercise equipment fit easily inside a wicker basket: a knotted jumprope, mismatched barbells, a Thigh Master, a Walkman with earphones, Livy’s hot-pink headband, and a series of Jane Fonda workout tapes. Dad called Ms. Fonda a “horses ass”–the only time I heard him swear–but Mom claimed she only liked the woman for her motivating exercise routines. While the family slept, I hooked a VCR into my six-inch bedroom TV and danced like a baboon with the aging actress as my guide.
For three nights I slept in a pool of my own sweat. I dreamt of Mara again, but I woke up nervous instead of wet. Did she know that I was the reason she was taken from her home? What if she was mad at me? What if she really loved her pseudo-aunt? Surely she would be grateful; after all, I saved her life. Right?
Although I was never stinky fat like Trent Rainwater, I hedged my bets and borrowed Dad’s deodorant for the big night. I combed my hair just enough to look nice, but not enough to encourage Livy’s jokes. I wore a simple red tee and my baggiest pair of jeans. I brushed my teeth three times.
Mom was scheduled to arrive with Mara at five-thirty. While she was out, Dad watched kids instead of birds and “cooked dinner” with a phone call to Domino’s. As usual, the delivery boy couldn’t find our hidden drive, but Dad accounted for the extra twenty minutes and the pizza arrived with the ladies.
The foyer door opened and slammed. I cupped my mouth, huffed my breath–not too bad!–then ran to meet them at the top of the stairs. Mom was talking but I didn’t care; my attention was with Mara.
“Hey,” I said.
“Hi,” she replied in that delectable voice I’d been savoring for days. Her irises mirrored her cute tan dress. Screen-print daisies rose from the hem and twirled her ankles as she sauntered up the stairs. I studied her expression for any sign of hatred or thankfulness, but in a heartbeat I had forgotten my mission, abandoned for the midnight center of her perfect eye.
Before I could utter a better greeting, Mom swept Mara into a tour of the parlor, bedrooms and library. They plopped her suitcase on Livy’s second twin bed, then ended the tour in the kitchen with plans to see the ballroom after dinner.
Mom’s place settings were fancier than usual for a Friday night. She removed the crystal from the buffet and adorned the table with forest-green place mats that matched the seat cushions and walls. “Sorry about the mess,” she said and offered Mara a chair between Bobby and herself.
“Your home is beautiful, Mrs. Parker,” said the girl, more somber than I expected from the nymph who once scurried a homemade rope. “Is it a real castle?”
Dad sat at the head of the table, then opened the pizza boxes. Jake lunged for the first piece of plain cheese.
“How rude,” Livy muttered and took her own slice.
“The castle is totally real,” I replied (my first words to Mara since “Hey” at the top of the steps). “It’s real old too. It was built eighty years ago by a guy named John Alabaster Rhodes.”
“Cool,” she said, then looked at me and smiled.
I maintained my scholarly façade. Inside, I was beaming.
Dad served a slice of supreme to Jake, then tore off the biggest pieces and slid them on my plate. “Two slices of supreme for the famous director.”
“Just one,” I said, then pulled them apart and placed the larger piece back in the box.
Dad and Mom exchanged a glance; for the first time, I knew what it meant.
“So Mara,” Mom said, “what do you do for fun?”
She scanned our faces. “Well, I really like school. I miss it a lot.”
“I’m sure you do. A year without friends is a long time.”
“Sometimes I see kids at church.”
Livy wrinkled her nose. “Church sounds lame.” She poured herself Diet Coke from a two-liter, then looked to Mara, “You want pop, apple juice, milk or water? Friday night is kid’s choice.”
“Water, please.” Mara extended her crystal glass and Livy filled it from the pitcher. “Thanks.”
Mom looked at Livy. “Mara brought some special candles with her. I told her we could find a table to display them on in your room.”
“I thought we weren’t allowed to burn candles in our rooms,” Livy said.
“Well, as much as it breaks a mother’s heart, my children are growing up. You’re allowed to burn candles, but if I see one lit when you’re in another room... dishes for a week.”
Livy nodded. “Sweet.”
“I have a bronze statue of St. Michael too.” Mara added, then flinched suddenly and nearly knocked over her glass.
Before I could ask what happened, Livy cut me off. “Do you wanna hang out tomorrow?”
Mara nodded. “Sure.”
“James’ll be playing pogs with Whitney or working on his stupid movie–”
“I don’t play with pogs!” I blurted. “I gave half my collection to Sean Bullard! You can ask anybody!”
Livy looked at me like I was three, then slowly turned back to Mara. “Anyway... I’ll introduce you to Kimmy and Haley tomorrow morning. Kimmy’s grandma bought her a tie-dye set for her birthday, and Haley’s bringing her bedazzler and some t-shirts.”
Mara’s smile was genuine.
I tried not to whine. “I was gonna show her the woods tomorrow!”
Livy rolled her eyes. “I thought your woods were a ‘girl-free zone?’”
“Just girls who are dumb enough to get poison ivy,” I snapped.
“Whatever, doofus.” She looked at Mara. “For real, you don’t wanna go in those woods.”
Mara washed down a bite of pizza with water. “We had trees behind my house too, but I never really–”
“Your hair’s wicked cute,” Livy said. “I’d do anything to have hair that soft.”
“Thanks.”
Mom patted Livy’s hand. “When Livy was a little girl–”
“Aw, Mom,” she groaned. “Not this story!”
“–all of her friends had either blonde or light-brown hair, but hers was so coarse and nappy that we had to get it professionally braided or she’d look like a member of the Jackson Five.”
Mara laughed.
“And braids are expensive! So whenever I gave her a bath I would tell her, ‘Olivia Jean, do not take out those braids!’”
“For real,” Livy said, “I was like, four.”
“But if I ever left her alone for more than a minute, I’d come back to a pile of rubber bands on the rug and the braids would be gone. I watched her once from the doorway. She had conditioner in her palms, then dunked her whole head under water and slowly pulled her fingers through her hair. She noticed me watching. And all she said was, ‘It feels like silk, Mom.’” She squeezed Livy’s hand. “How could I be mad at that?”
“That’s a great story,” Mara said.
I leaned forward. “One time, I convinced Livy that her real Dad was the guy from Reading Rainbow.”
“James,” Mom said with a clear undertone of watch it mister.
Livy rolled her eyes. “Such a nerd.”
“Hey,” I said, poking my sister in the side. “Did you talk to Ryan yet?”
She glanced around the table sheepishly. “No, James, I didn’t talk to Ryan.”
“Will you ask him soon. Please? For me?”
“He doesn’t wanna be in your little-kid movie. He’s too mature.”
“But I need an evil prince. You know that Whit can’t sword fight!”
“Ryan’s in high school now. It’s not gonna happen.”
“Pleeease! If he does it,” I finished in a sing-song voice, “you’ll get to do his maaakeup!”
She kicked my shin under the table.
I looked at Mara and leaned forward. “Livy’s in love with Ryan Brosh.”
“Am not!”
“They passed notes back and forth in Algebra last year. He’s a whole grade older, but he got held back in math.”
“Uhg!” Livy said. “You’re such a baby!”
“I know you are, but what am I?”
“Good comeback, dork. Mom!”
“James...” Mom said, “Cool it.”
I snickered and looked to Mara for a reaction, but she was silent, unfocused, circling her index finger around the rim of her glass.
“Hey Mara,” Livy said, “Do you use face cream?”
“I–”
“You do, I can totally tell. Your skin is seriously gorgeous.”
“Thanks.”
She reached across the table and grabbed Mara’s hand. “I can’t believe how soft you feel–”
“Olivia Jean,” Mom said. “Pass the apple juice, please?”
“Ugh.” She released Mara’s hand, grabbed the juice and unscrewed the cap. “I was just telling our guest that I like her makeup.”
Bobby piped up. “If you like it so much, why don’t you marry it?”
Mom held out her glass as Livy poured the juice. “Have you ever been to the Grand Harbor Art Show, Mara?”
“No, Ma’am. What is it?” (She flinched again but no one seemed to notice.)
“James will be showing his movie there.”
I nodded. “It’s gonna be sweet! It’s a contest and anyone can enter. It’s part of The Lakeshore Celebration. Have you heard of it? There’s an art show, a firework display, a farmer’s market, and a huge carnival with elephant ears–”
“Oh, I’ve seen that!” Mara said. “With the colored lights and all the kids?”
Livy and I looked at each other. “A carnival,” I repeated. “Right.”
“We drove past it last year. It looked like so much fun. Are we... allowed to go?”
“Of course,” I said. “We can buy a wristband that’ll get us on every ride for the whole night. But Lakeshore Celebration isn’t ‘til the end of August.”
“James,” Mom said, “maybe Mara would like to help with your fairytale.”
“It’s not a fairytale, Mother... it’s just a movie.”
“Do you like to act, Mara?” she asked.
“Oh!” I said before the girl could reply, “Mara was in a radio commercial for Great Lakes Family Diner!”
“Really?” Livy asked.
“Whoa!” Jake said.
“Hey Mara, tell ‘em what you say!”
Her eyes flicked from person to person. “I don’t–”
“Say your line!” I implored. “You know, Great Lakes–”
The twins chimed in, “Faaaaamily Diner!”
Her cheeks flushed. “I really don’t–”
“Pleeease? Come on!”
“James!” Mom said. “If Mara doesn’t want to do it, she doesn’t have to.”
“It’s not a big deal!” I said. “Mara, come on. Just show ‘em how you–”
“James Parker!” Mom glared at me, head cocked in apparent disbelief. “What has gotten into you kids?”
Mara flinched again and Bobby giggled. The table fell silent as the children avoided Mama Bear’s burning gaze.
“I like to act,” Mara said quietly. “If you need help... I think it’d be fun.”
I nodded and chewed my pizza with a satisfied smirk. “Cool.”
With the tension relieved, Livy, Mara and Mom began discussing the intricacies of the new living situation. 
The pizza box was whispering my name, so I pushed away my plate and forced my attention on Dad. He was unusually quiet since Mara’s arrival. He was staring at her.
Mara flinched again and cut my musings short. This time, her knee thunked the table and everybody noticed.
“Are you okay, hon?” Mom asked.
“Yes, Mrs. Parker,” she said, then cleared her throat. “I think Bobby just likes pinching the new kid.”
Bobby’s eyes lit up like a frightened pinball machine. “Nu-uh!” he exclaimed. “Ms. Mara’s a liar!”
“Bobby!” Mom shouted. “Are you pinching our guest?”
Fantasia wailed from her basket and Mama Bear rose to her hind legs.
“It’s really okay, Mrs. Parker–”
Bobby blubbered his tongue at Mara, then pushed back his chair and zipped away with Mom at his heels.
Livy and Jake snickered. Mara looked terrified.
From the parlor to the dining room, Mom’s anger echoed against the painted brick as she sentenced Bobby to a time-out.
Through all the commotion, Dad never took his eyes off Mara.

*  *  *

Mom rarely tucked me in anymore.
Was I in trouble for asking Mara to say her line? Maybe Mom caught a whiff of my infatuation and wanted to pry.
My room was dark except for a crack of parlor light that highlighted my mother’s silhouette. “Mara and I had a long talk before she decided to stay with us,” she said.
“About what?”
“Well, I told her about the castle and the beach and the extra bed in Livy’s room... the usual ‘get-to-know-ya’ stuff. She’s a very excited little lady.”
“I believe it.”
“You need to be sensitive around her, James. Mara looks normal, but she’s in a very sad situation.”
“Sad how? I thought we helped her.”
“Well, she doesn’t know who her parents are. She’s lived with Ms. Grisham for as long as she can remember. You remember Mr. Anderson?”
“Your old mentor. He was at the house when you rescued Mara.”
“He’s going to do everything he can to find her mom and dad.”
“How’s he gonna do that?”
“It’s a long process, but he’ll check Mara’s records in Michigan and in other states, and he’ll do a background check on Ms. Grisham. If he still can’t find anything, he’ll put a special notice in the newspaper.”
“Think he’ll find ‘em?”
Mom touched my hair. “There’s another thing we need to talk about. Remember the tape you showed me?”
“It’s film...”
“Ms. Grisham forced Mara to sing like that all the time. That’s a form of abuse, you know that?”
I nodded.
“Things like that can be very hard on a child.”
“I knew it was bad when I saw it.”
“I’m proud of you for telling me. Mara and I talked about it, and she doesn’t want to sing anymore.”
No! screamed my gut. “She said that?” I asked.
“Yes, sweetheart.”
“But... but what about at Christmas carols?” A silly question, but it was the first protest that popped in my head. “There’s all kinds of songs to sing at Christmas...”
“If she wants to sing again, that’s wonderful. But we’re going to let her do it on her own time.”
“I understand.”
Mom touched my cheek. “Your cut is almost gone.”
“Yeah.”
“Mara’s a pretty special lady, huh? Very down-to-earth.”
“Yeah. She’s nice.”
Mom pulled tight my dinosaur sheets and kissed my temple. “I was going to do linens tomorrow, but your bed smells fresh. Must be the new detergent.”

*  *  *

The tripod legs extended with a trio of swooshes and clicks. The canvas tote unfurled with the satisfying grind of a plastic zipper. The inside smelled like new car. A square mount screwed into the underbelly of my brand-new Canon A-1 camcorder with the twist of a spare penny, then easily snapped onto the head of the tripod.
I stepped back to admire the beautiful machine with Hi-Fi stereo sound, large LCD display, ten-X zoom, state-of-the-art autofocus, and endless promises of joy. I flipped the “on” switch, held my breath, and looked through the viewfinder at the black-and-white girl framed by the twenty-foot ballroom window, arms behind her back, nylon toes planted on cut-loop carpet roses, twirling her shoulders to and fro in a darling dance that showed her impatience. My heart skipped at the seamless union of girl and machine; two obsessions conjoined in a digital crucible of fantasy, creation, and love.
Peals of distant laughter broke the spell; Livy and her friends were still coloring shirts in buckets of dye in the driveway. They were having fun. I pulled my eye from the viewfinder and looked at Mara. “If you’d rather go back–”
“Nope,” she said. “And if you say you’re sorry one more time, I’m gonna make you play dress-up.”
That smile again. Teeth like polished pearls. Dimples!
“Now...” she said, “whatcha want me to do?”
My lungs heaved as I scrambled to remember the plan. “Well, I stole some makeup and a mirror from Livy–”
“She’s gonna be ticked.”
“It’s fine. She’s the makeup artist anyway.”
“Cool!”
“I brought the costume chest from the playroom to the tower so you have a place to change. It’s mostly Livy’s crap from dance competitions and old Halloweens, but we might find somethin’ that works for the movie. Dad’s gonna give me money for fabric after I propose the costume budget, then Mom’s gonna help me sew your dress.”
Mara grabbed the rim of her blouse and wiggled it over her head, snapping her strawberry hair through the hole and reducing her ensemble to a pleated undershirt and a blue-jean skirt. “Your mom can do anything, huh?”
“Pretty much.”
“What a sweetheart. I like her a lot.”
I avoided the sentiment in a panel of camcorder buttons and knobs. Yesterday I feared Mara’s resentment for what I did... but not today.
“So!” she said, twirling her blouse and shattering the moment’s sobriety, “who do I play in this crazy fairytale?”
“You’re the main character. The Girl.”
“Do I have a name?”
“No. Is that bad?”
“The Girl... kinda neat!”
The tiny affirmation lifted my spirits more than the culmination of praise from my family and friends.
“What does The Girl do?” she asked.
My brain flipped into pitch mode and I answered her question with elaborate hand gestures. “Right at the beginning, The Girl goes back to her home and discovers that her father is missing. He was killed by an evil prince, but she doesn’t know that. She’s just a kid and doesn’t even know that people die. All she knows is that her father’s gone, so she goes on a quest to find him. She has lots of adventures on the way. There’s this war between humans and monsters and she gets caught in the middle, then there’s this lair with a monster who captures little girls–that was Whit’s idea–then she gets to the castle where the prince lives and learns that her father isn’t being held captive, he’s actually dead.”
Mara’s eyes were wide with genuine excitement. “That. Is. Awesome. How are you gonna make a whole war?”
“Dunno yet. Guess we’ll figure it out when we get there!”
She grinned. “This is gonna be a good summer.”
Any response would have fallen short, so I nodded then pointed to the tower. “Everything’s ready. Just try not to touch my dad’s bird stuff or he’ll know.”
“Okay, okay!” Mara tossed her blouse over the wrought-iron railing and bounded up the spiral steps using her arms like an extra set of legs.
While The Girl prepared for test number one, I pulled the mesh curtains across the massive window to soften the sunlight. I double checked the tape deck for a fresh Hi-8 cassette; it was firmly in place. I smelled my armpits–a growing habit–then repositioned the camera to face a whitewashed brick wall lit by the diffused sunlight.
Ten minutes later, a sensual voice beckoned me to the steps. “I’m ready for my closeup, Mr. Parker.”
Mara emblazed the balcony like a cabaret Juliet; top hat, cane, and a sinister-red sequined leotard sculpting her petite waist and chest. Her makeup became apparent as she swaggered down the steps; lips that matched the sequins, crooked eyeliner, and long, fake eyelashes on her right eye.
When she reached the last step, Mara slipped her arm around mine, and I escorted her from the staircase to the illuminated wall.
“Face the camera,” I said and positioned her shoulders at the proper angle.
Without breaking her stoicism, she lifted her right hand–a slight gap between her forefinger and middle–and I knew what she needed. I removed a pretend zippo from my pocket, flicked the chrome lid, cupped my hand around hers, and lit her invisible cigarette. Raising it to her lips, she thanked me with a lofty smirk and a bout of make-believe smoke.
I hit record. “Look left,” I said. 
She did.
“Good. Look right?”
She did.
“Nice.”
All the famous directors tested their cameras, wardrobe and actors before filming; I wasn’t sure what I was looking for, but if George Lucas did it, I had to do it too. I tested the zoom and autofocus (bitchin’!), then reeled back to view the whole costume. There weren’t any Vegas chorus girls in my mediaeval fairytale, but it was important to test the camera’s functions against a variety of colors and textures. Plus, I wanted to see Mara act.
“Smile for me, Ms. Mara?”
She swiped back her hair, widened her eyes, and bore into the lens with a carnal gaze. Her lips didn’t move but I felt her smile.
She spoke with a dry purr. “My name? The Girl. My home? The woods of Fairytale Land. My mission? To find my father.”
I held the shot for an extra beat... then hit stop. “Annnd, cut!”
Like a popped water balloon, Mara shed her gravitas, grabbed her tummy, and keeled in a fit of giggles. “I could only find one set of eyelashes.” she said. “I must look like such a dork!”
I shook my head and smiled. “You were perfect.”
“For real?” she pulled herself together, spread her feet, and held her hips in a classic Peter Pan stance. “Ready for more?”

*  *  *

Lust is primal. Lust, like violence, must be repressed to maintain civil order. We’re born with lust. We die with lust. Adults deny the ability of precious children to wander into black fantasies or to seek unfamiliar excitement. But lust, like all primal urges, unites us; boys and girls, young and old, humans and animals. No one is spared.
I haven’t read Nabokov’s “Lolita,” but I saw both movies in a college course titled “Controversies in Contemporary Cinema.” Some would call me a heretic if I suggested that Adrian Lyne’s made-for-TV interpretation is better than Stanley Kubrick’s masterpiece... but it’s true. Lyne bests Kubrick in the first ten minutes of film by including Humbert Humbert’s adolescent romance and depicting his deplorable deeds in golden light. Of course it’s unfair to compare the movies as Kubrick’s version was made during the era of the Hollywood Hays Code which restricted the sensuality needed to tell the complete story. But this limitation doesn’t change the fact that Lyne’s version is a more realistic portrayal of forbidden lust.
Now I’m faced with the decision to play it safe (to preserve the accessibility of my memoir; to keep you, the reader, comfortable in your favorite reading chair) or to delve headfirst into the taboo ramifications of Mara’s power. Forgive me, friend, for siding with controversial honesty over benign accord.
I tiptoed backward from the spiral stairs until my butt rammed into the couch. I extended my neck like a collapsable telescope and caught a glimpse of Mara’s head and shoulders as she danced and changed outfits on the lid of the costume chest. She wiggled. She mouthed words to a silent song. She twirled steadily like a ballerina on pointe, scanning the forest horizon from her new vantage.
Mara emerged a moment later as a fairy. A light-green dress trailed in billows as she descended the stairs with whimsical grace; her cream legs flittered behind the black rungs as she approached the bottom step, then she slid in my arms, leaned back, and I dipped her. (I wanted to explore–to douse my senses in fleshy girl–but I held back; I bound my desire to taste the same way I sat on my hands in the tree.)
“Action!” Left, right, smile, frown... “Cut!”
Next, Mara became a chimera of halloween clichés; a witch’s hat over a black wig, Whit’s mad-scientist robe from last fall’s zombie movie, knee-highs with green and orange stripes, a silver-painted squirt gun in her right hand and a devil’s trident in her left (”Get behind me, Satan!” I suddenly recalled. “Tempt me no more!”). Eyeliner raccooned her sockets, white powder deadened her cheeks, and when she smiled, Dracula’s plastic fangs had replaced her pearls.
“I vant to suck yer blood!” Mara spread her arms and lunged, pinning me to the back of the beat-up sectional in the center of the ballroom. I playfully pushed her away (if only to have a reason to touch) but she strengthened her goofy assault, stretched her mouth, and gorged my neck.
Shoot it.
Cut it.
Next!
Shorts to her bellybutton covered in neon splats of paint, and a tee, hot-pink, knotted below her chest. A zebra-print snap bracelet on her left wrist; a pony-tail stemming from the top of her head.
Next!
Multi-colored tights and a leather skirt; eyes hiding behind blue-tinted shades; balled-up somethings beneath a suede vest and white undershirt... a bold preview of future cravings.
Next!
Braided pigtails, OshKosh overalls and a simple cotton tank; a portrait of farm-girl innocence that I longed to corrupt in a field of corn, cuddling, as we try to distinguish real constellations from random groupings of stars. (The warm sensations returned and I longed to make my nocturnal passions real.)
I forgot about the camera tests, reveling instead in Mara’s sensual personas; molding her style to my liking, sending her back to the tower for more of this, less of that (”Why don’t you try them together?”); spoiling my standards for the female form and defining–forever–my perceptions of beauty.
“Last one,” she called before she emerged; a baroque angel with a pipe-cleaner halo and an inside-out tee (my night shirt twenty-pounds previous) hanging three inches above her knee. Strapped to her back were wings of white lace and feathers, the origin of which I cannot recall. Her celestial demeanor was so believable that my heart ached at the possibility of flight; that Mara might soar away and never return. She wore lip gloss too (watermelon flavored, I could smell it) and I recalled our touching noses in the tree and wondered where exactly these new conceptions were forming; to bend that halo, to gnarl my fingers against her scalp, to suck the shine from those pink lips.
The reverence I showed for Roselyn’s thigh had been desecrated in less than two weeks. It was Mara’s doing.
“I want to kiss you,” I said, an innocent incarnation of my nasty thoughts.
She leaned against the wall. I knew I made a mistake. 
“James...” she said. “You’re like my brother now.”
Ouch. I leaned my head against my camera.
“If your parents found out, I’d be so embarrassed.”
“Dad’s at work and Mom’s meeting with Fantasia’s birth mom. They won’t be back till–”
Mara was small against the great white wall. Her wings–which seemed real only moments ago–were merely a costume mashed against the brick. Her eyes shifted to some arbitrary point across the room. “I don’t think it’s a good idea.”
I don’t have the talent to describe that feeling of rejection, nor the resulting urge to take what I wanted from that girl, the ultimate tease. My only desire stood an arm length away; lonely shoulders propped against the wall, a smudge of mascara below her left eye, mysteries hidden beneath angelic garb that could only be explored in the flesh, not in some encyclopedia illustration or my father’s cold speech.
Before you judge me, understand that these desires were not selfish. The concept of mutual exploration was the only concept that excited me. If a first kiss or experimental foray made Mara uncomfortable, it would defeat my purpose and defile my pleasure. All I could do was sit on my hands and wait for the angel to let me in.
But was it too late? Did I already screw things up? By asking for a kiss, did I prove I was no different than the boys she called ‘ferrets’ or Ms. Grisham or everyone else who fell slave to her charm?
I won’t describe that itch again in this book, but as you continue with my story and read about my interactions with Mara–even in the tenderest moments when a dirty thought would be sacrilege–it’s reasonable to assume I was battling these same feelings.
What separates me from the real perverts? The fact that my fantasies grew as I did. Today, when I think about Mara as a child, I recall her playfulness; her ability to connect instantly with the plight of a Saturday-morning cartoon; the way she called refrigerators “Frigidaires” and butterflies “flutter-bys”; her kindness...
Today, my feelings toward that child involve a savage need to protect–to keep pure–but, as a little boy with limited knowledge of the developed female form, Mara Lynn was eighty-five pounds of goddess perfection.

*  *  *

(Judge that boy if you must; for debauchery, for objectifying innocence... but before you finalize your verdict, oh innocent reader, I beg you to scan again that last stanza. What you and I overlooked in our cloud of perversion and nasty objectification was the unrestrained joy of a little girl playing dress-up for the very first time.)

*  *  *

When left unsatisfied, lust becomes violence.
Enter Danny B.
Somewhere in the valley–well beyond The Great Divide–A.J.’s father was working with friends to plow a firebreak through his acreage. Every few minutes a man would shout and the tractor would stop. Sometimes they laughed, and the sound would bounce and multiply through the trees, personifying my forest with the illusion of masculine camaraderie. If the bullies were down there with the adults, then they were either helping with the firebreak, or playing at the end of a short leash. But I left my camera at home, just in case.
Mara sat in a swatch of grass among tall purple flowers that smelled like onions. She recited her lines to a raggedy Cabbage Patch Doll as I followed along in the screenplay. The distant hum of the plow never left my consciousness.
“Dorothy, you look horrible,” Mara said to the doll. “Your hair is all messed up, your dress is wrinkled, and your arm is about to fall off!” She pulled Dorothy to her ear and pretended to listen. “I’m sorry I was rude. You actually look nice. We’ve just been havin’ a bad week, haven’t we?”
My dialogue never sounded so good.
Mara dropped Dorothy and looked at me. “Why am I talking to a doll?”
“Well,” I began, “this is the first scene in the movie and I want to show that The Girl is just a little kid. So many things are gonna happen on her journey and by the end, she’s gonna be all grown up. I wanted to find a way to show that she changes. If the audience doesn’t see somethin’ change, the movie’ll be boring.”
“Where’d ya learn all this stuff?”
“Parents got me a screenwriting book last Christmas.”
Mara pressed her elbow on her knee and her chin on her fist. “Maybe I should wear pretty makeup for this scene.”
“Yeah?” I patted my jeans for a pen.
“Pigtails too. That way, as the movie goes along, the makeup can come off and my hair can get messy and I’ll look really different by the end.”
“Darnit!” I said. “Whit’s got the notebook. You have a pen?”
Mara pulled a naked red crayon from her pocket. “The twins keep leaving me gifts,” she said. “Yesterday it was a baseball card and a rolled up tube of toothpaste.” She tossed me the crayon.
“The makeup thing... it’s a really good idea.”
“Don’t you think the doll is a little boring?”
I looked up. “Boring?”
“Maybe we could get something real. Maybe the girl has a pet! I see kittens in the newspaper all the time. Sometimes they’re free.”
“Real animals...” I muttered. “Holy production value!”
“I always wanted a kitten,” Mara said. “Ms. Grisham never let me have a pet.”
“I’ll talk to Mom. Betcha she’ll go for it.” I scribbled the new ideas in the margins of my script and said, “Boy oh boy, Whit’s gonna love this!”
“You’re always talkin’ about Whit,” Mara said. “When do I get to meet him?”
I shrugged. “Maybe someday.”
In the valley, a man yelled and the plow sputtered to a halt.
“Wanna run it again?” I asked.
Mara nodded and picked up the doll. “I’ll pretend it’s a kitten.” A robin’s whistle punctuated her smile.
“Ready?”
“Mmm hmm!”
“Annnd, action!”
“Good morning, Dorothy the Cat! Isn’t it a beautiful day? Maybe the most beautiful day I’ve ever–”
“Eeeeoww!” The scream quivered with violent elation. My head jerked like a startled prairie dog and I recalled A.J.’s shriek when I rammed my knee into his back.
Mara looked at me, confused, then A.J., Danny and Trent emerged from the brush behind her like a trio of post-apocalyptic cannibals.
“I told ya!” said A.J., shaking a can of Pam cooking spray. “Gosh-damnit I knew I recognized that voice!”
Mara scrambled toward me leaving Dorothy alone among the purple onions.
“What. Do we. Have here?” Danny stepped to the head of the pack with my camera slung across his shoulder.
“I told you it was her,” A.J. said again. “Didn’t I tell ya, T? Huh?”
T (or “Trent” as he was known before turning to the Dark Side) was a girthy man-child who smelled like B.O. since the day he was born. Patches of razor burn littered four of his chins. He carried a sword he assembled from discarded two-by-fours; a row of nails protruded from the face of the blade. As he trampled the grass with his buddies, his enormous foot landed directly on Dorothy’s head. “Lookit that piece of ass,” he said, his sagging eyes set on Mara.
Danny narrowed his brow. “Fancy meetin’ you here, Fatty. Where’s the cripple?”
I helped Mara from the leaves and brushed her off.
The bullies stepped closer; Danny in front. “We were cuttin’ tracks for the four-wheelers, but thought we’d take a break to burn some lego men for my new camera.” He rubbed the case as if he was polishing a brick of gold. “Didja know cooking spray is flammable?”
A.J. twirled the can and hopped like a leprechaun. “I knew it,” he said. “I knew it! I told you it was her!”
“We need to go,” I whispered.
Mara nodded and backed away.
“You can’t escape,” said Danny.
I tugged Mara’s shirt. “Run,” I said. “Now!”
“Get ‘em!” A.J. shouted and Danny bounded three giant strides before we could turn around. He grappled Mara’s forearm, twirled her, slammed her back against a tree, and pressed his wrist bone against her throat.
“Let her go!” I yelled.
“It’s her!” A.J. said. “It’s her!”
“Who?” Danny asked.
“Mara.”
Danny shot his friend a confused look and I made my move, planting my feet in the dirt and charging–elbow first–toward the bully who had my girl. “I told you to let her–!”
But T cut me off like a cannonball to my gut. His girth outweighed mine and his barreling momentum carried me into the trunk of another tree. My stomach lurched and my lungs popped and when Trent pulled away, I fell to the ground with tears in my eyes.
“Sit there, faggot,” he said and pointed the sword at my neck, “and don’t mess with a football player again.”
I heaved for air. I could only see the back of Mara’s shoulder behind the trunk to which she was pinned... and Danny’s lupine eyes.
“Age,” Danny said. “Who. Is. She?”
A.J. meandered toward Mara, but his eyes were locked on mine (he remembered that night as well as I did). The can of cooking spray tilted back and forth in his hand; the marble inside ticked like a methodical time bomb. He snapped his head to Mara and hissed, “Sssing.”
Mara squirmed but Danny tightened his grip. “A.J., if you don’t tell me what the hell is going on–”
“Sing for them, Maaaraaa.”
“Cut it out, Age!” I shouted and T’s sword pressed deeper into my neck.
“If you sing for us...” A.J. dropped the spray, reached into the neck of his shirt, and pulled out a gold chain. “I’ll give you back your necklace.” He dangled the charm in front of her face.
Mara tilted her head to study the jewelry and I could see her profile. “Where’d you get that...” she asked. Her eyes were wet.
A.J. slipped the chain back in his shirt. “We figured out you moved,” he said. “Three nights ago. One of dem boys brought a ladder.”
Trent lowered his mouth to my ear. “I’m gonna eat your girlfriend,” he said. The threat barely registered in my brain; I was too focused on A.J.’s story.
“I was number five up the ladder,” he said. “The first boys already got to yer bedroom and closet, but I’m a quick thinker so I went straight to yer bathroom. Found some headbands in a drawer and a green washrag in the shower. I keep it under my bed at night and sniff it.” His lips thinned and curled. “Got yer necklace too,” he tapped his chest, “but that ain’t my biggest find.” A.J. cupped his hand around her ear and whispered a secret.
Mara slouched. She pressed her cheek into the bark and found my eyes with a melancholy gaze.
T spoke more to himself than to me, but I could still smell the rot on his breath and the peroxide on his chin. “I’m gonna start with her toes,” he said. “I’m gonna suck ‘em one at a time. Then I’m gonna eat ‘em.”
Danny ran his fingertips across Mara’s cheek. “Think she’s hotter than Roslyn?” He looked at me. “What do you think, Fatty? Sexier than Ros?”
“I’m gonna eat her legs,” T whispered. All that pretty skin–I’m gonna gobble it right up...”
Danny looked at A.J. “Why didn’t you tell me about this? I’m you’re fricken leader.” (Age didn’t tell Danny about Mara for the same reason I was avoiding Whit.)
A.J. ignored the question. “Make ‘er sing, Dan.”
“Why?”
“Just do it. You’ll see.”
“I’m gonna cut off her hair and I’m gonna smell her breath, then I’m gonna eat her face, piece by piece.”
Again–slowly–Danny ran his fingers down Mara’s cheek. His eyes burned with new intensity as the dark magic took hold of his thoughts. “Sing,” he said.

*  *  *

My anger reached its peak and my veins were primed with adrenaline–
“What the hells goin’ on up here?” The man was skinnier than a sapling with a pickaxe in one hand and sweat-rag in the other.
Trent hid the sword behind his back and A.J. slipped behind a tree.
Danny released Mara to the ground and said, “None of your beeswax, Hank.”
The man took ten strides with legs like a spider. He clenched the back of Danny’s neck and held the boy’s face to his. “You know that man’s payin’ me a hundred bucks to help dig his trench? I brought you here to help, boy, not to play with yer friends. And you call me Uncle Hank, you hear me?” He let go of Danny’s neck and smacked the back of his head.
Then he noticed Mara. He wiped his forearm across his lips and stepped forward. “Did you hurt dem kids, Danny?”
“No, sir,” Danny replied.
Hank’s eyes were hooked on the girl. “Age,” he said, “yer dad’s lookin’ for ya.” He glanced at T. “Whoever the hell you are, go home an’ leave dem kids alone.” He smacked Danny again. “And you... get yer mangled head back down that hill and help pull some weeds.”
Danny looked at me. His final glance said what his lips couldn’t: we’ll finish this later.
T whacked a branch with his sword and plodded away. A.J. and Danny crossed the patch of grass, then disappeared into the brush from whence they came.
Hank nodded to Mara, tipped the rim of an invisible hat, lingered for a moment too long... then followed the boys into the forest.
I clutched the tree to pull myself up, then limped to Mara. I sat beside her and held my stomach. I hoped she would crawl to my lap–I could comfort her there–but she remained in the dirt and rolled to face me.
“You okay?” she asked. Her cheek still held the imprint of jagged bark.
“Got the wind knocked outta me. Otherwise, I’m fine. How about you?”
“Feel a little sick, but no scratches.”
“What did A.J. whisper to you?” I asked. “Unless you don’t wanna tell me...”
“He found the tape of me singing... the one I played to keep Aunty asleep.”
That scrawny little hillbilly had a recording of Mara’s voice! I was jealous–furious–but I also felt sad for her... and that was the side that Mara needed to see. “I’m sorry those jerks stole your stuff. If I could get it back–”
“Not jerks. They’re assholes.”
I smiled at the dirty word. Mara smiled back.
Inside, I was terrified. Danny and the boys wouldn’t stay away for long. Today it was threats and hateful words; tonight, Mara would visit them in their dreams. Tomorrow, the lust would blossom into plans and strategies. Eventually, they’d come back for more.
“Guess what,” she said.
“What?”
“My washcloth was purple... Ms. Grisham used green.”
We laughed. I picked a leaf from her hair.
“Mara?” I said.
“Yeah?”
“I won’t ever make you sing.”
The girl didn’t respond, but closed her eyes and wound my shoelace around her finger.

*  *  *

Midnight.
The scream belonged to Mara. It’s terrifying vibrato echoed through my subconscious and strangled my dream until I woke up thrashing. I sat up in bed, froze in absolute silence, and wondered if I had imagined the cry.
Then it happened again–the word “fuck” in Mara’s precious voice–splitting the stillness with such ferocity that it rattled my windows and sang for days in the back of my mind.

*  *  *

“You actually think I have superpowers?” Mara’s face glowed amber in the light of a dying prayer candle. The cavern’s pipes fell to the blackness of my peripherals; for all I knew, we were the lone survivors of the apocalypse.
“Think about it,” I said. “How do you explain all those boys outside your window? You saw them, right?”
“Duh. Every time I looked out my window there were more.”
“They even went back to steal your stuff! And what about that psycho woman? She took you out of school and never let you out of the house. That’s not normal.”
“Yeah...”
“Plus, I’ve known those bullies since preschool and they’ve always been jerks–’specially Danny–but I’ve never seen them like that. They were totally nuts.”
“You think I made them like that?”
“Not on purpose. I just think that boys really, really like you when they see you. And when you sing...”
“When I sing... what?”
I shrugged. I didn’t intend to finish the thought. “It’s different somehow. Special. Did you see the way that Danny’s uncle looked at you? Who does that?”
“Lots of guys do that.”
“Maybe to you. But not to other girls.”
Mara’s pupils had consumed all but a sliver of her irises. She truly didn’t understand.
“I think we should do some experiments,” I said.
“To test my superpowers?”
“But only if you want to.”
Mara considered the idea. “Kinda like a comic book.”
“Totally.”
She nodded and grinned. “Let’s do it.”

*  *  *

“I call your house three times a day and your sister tells me you’re too busy to talk. Now you need help with a science project and you come crawlin’ back. You think I’m that easy, James Parker?” Whit spun his chair to face Mara. “What’s a cute girl like you doin’ with this doofus? You can do better. I’m Whitney, by the way. Whitney Morris Conrad the Third. And welcome to my bedroom.” He held out his hand.
Mara took it. She was smiling.
This is eaxactly what I was afraid of.
“Dude,” I said, “I’ve been super busy–”
“Don’t ‘dude’ me. And I don’t want your excuses. Mom thinks we’re not friends anymore. I told her you dumped a cripple for a silly girl.” To Mara, “No offense, darling.”
She giggled. Giggled!
Whit rolled to his desk and pointed up to shelves that displayed three rows of ribbons and trophies. “Top shelf is spelling bees, geography bees and Quiz Bowl,” he said. “Middle shelf is science fairs. Bottom shelf is miscellaneous: Odyssey of the Mind, Science Olympiad... crap like that.”
“Whoa,” Mara said.
I rolled my eyes.
A string drooped from one end of the shelf to the other, displaying an unbroken row of Pizza Hut Book-it pins with five stars each. Whit’s desktop was laid out like a grid with writing utensils, measuring tools, stationary, and a bin of cubbies with red labels. A computer monitor dominated the center of the desk with cords leading to a blocky tower at our feet.
He opened the lefthand drawer and removed–from a heap of fun-sized candy bars–our production notebook. “James tells me you want to test your superpowers.”
“He thinks I’m special,” Mara said. “I think he’s crazy.”
“I rarely agree with a man who abandons his friends, but I think his hypothesis is right. Heck, you’re the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen.”
I scoffed. When did Whit become a ladies man? “Just show us your plan, Romeo.”
He opened the notebook to a list of meticulous bullet points and flipped on the computer monitor for even more information. “Part one,” he began, “asks the question: is Mara prettier than other girls? Part two is the hypothesis: if we compare her to twenty other girls, we believe that Mara will be the prettiest. Part three, the experiment: I propose we find yearbook photos of the hottest girls in school–maybe add some pictures of girls from our families–and show them to a diverse group of strangers who will rate the overall attractiveness of each girl. Part four: we analyze the data and draw conclusions.” Whit closed the notebook and turned himself around. “Well?”
I looked at Mara. “Whaddya think?”
She shook her head. “I think you’re both nuts!”

*  *  *

“Tell us! Tell us!” Mara said, bouncing on a quilt of beautiful photographs.
Whit tore a page from a Reader’s Digest magazine and pressed his hobby knife around the “after” picture of a successful weight-loss program. “I’m working on a new invention.”
Mara clapped. I rolled my eyes. 
“What is it?” she asked.
“Well, everybody knows that the best part of Lik-M-Aid Fun Dip is the candy stick–”
“Duh,” she said.
“So I thought to myself, ‘Why dip a perfect stick into inferior sugar?’ And the Candy-Stick-Flavored Fun Dip was born.”
“Whoa...”
Whit noticed Mara’s genuine interest and embellished his pitch with flamboyant hand gestures. “I’m going to pulverize two candy sticks into powder, then repackage the dust into miniature baggies. When I distribute the candy at school, I’ll include an uncrushed candy stick for dipping.”
I scoffed. “You think kids’ll dip their candy stick into more candy stick?”
Mara licked her lips. “I’m already drooling.”
“The trouble is turning a profit. The extra sticks are expensive. But then I realized I can sell the unused flavor packets for ten-cents apiece to hardcore sugar junkies looking for a cheap rush. For my high-end clients, I’ll push the Candy-Stick-Flavored Fun Dip as ‘the purest candy high without sucking a sugarcane.’ If I market this right, I can charge two bucks per baggie, save enough to buy the sticks in bulk... and we’re lookin’ at massive profit margins.”
“That’s the coolest thing I’ve ever heard,” gushed Mara.
“Would you buy Candy-Stick-Flavored Fun Dip?” he asked.
“I would totally buy Candy-Stick-Flavored Fun Dip.”
I held the cardboard package for a Star Wars action figure and worked my scissors around a photo of Princess Leia in her bronze bikini. “Whit’s a nerd,” I said.
“That’s why James and I get along,” he quipped, “we’re both nerds.”
“That’s what we call a ‘Whitty remark.’”
Mara laughed. “How did you nerds get to be friends?”
“Ha!” Whit exclaimed. “We’re friends because moms talk.”
I placed Leia in the “hot” pile and continued the story. “I invited Whit to my eighth birthday party at the roller rink. Because I was a nice guy and didn’t exclude him, our moms assumed we were best buds.”
“They set up another play date–”
“And the rest is history.”
Mara grinned. “Neat.”
Minutes later, she excused herself to the bathroom (to check her lipgloss, I assumed since I couldn’t imagine her doing anything else in there) and Whit and I continued our project.
“I can’t believe she’s actually sitting on my bed!” he said. “I’m never washing these sheets again.”
“Get over it, butt munch.”
“I know, I know... you saw her first.”
“Better believe it.”
Whit exchanged his knife for a pair of lefty scissors to cut his aunt from a family photo. “We’re both only children. We both like Snickers bars. We both think Luke Skywalker is a whiny little brat... That’s a lot to have in common, don’t you think?”
“I think you better keep your grubby little hands off her.”
“I can’t believe you let the three stooges meet her before me. Thanks a lot, buddy.”
“They didn’t ‘meet’ her. They tried to kill her. A.J. went back to the Grisham house. Stole a tape of her singing.”
“Let the redneck have it. He’ll wear out the tape in a couple of days. Hot damn, Mara’s good lookin’.”
“Yeah...”
“And what a fine pair of melons!”
“Melons?”
“Boobs.”
“I know what melons are. But she doesn’t even have–”
“Welcome back, darling!” Whit exclaimed in time to shut me up.
Mara struck a pose in the doorframe and showed off a pair of Whit’s Batman boxers pulled over her shorts. She deepened her voice. “How do I look, boys?”
“Holy Hannah,” Whit said. “You with those curves, and me with no brakes!”
She rolled her eyes and sauntered in. “What a goof!”
I shook my head. “My friend here has a disgusting sense of humor. It makes up for his missing legs.”
Whit shrugged and nodded. “You know how blind people have better hearing? It’s sorta like that.”
Mara lowered her head like a hyena, eyed the pile of photos, grinned an evil grin, and charged. “Cannonball!” she screamed and dove knees-first onto the bed, sending photos of pretty girls into all corners of the room. Upside down, she overtook the bed and her knee came to rest against my thigh. “What’s next?”

*  *  *

It was my idea to perform the experiment at the beach. Four miles of coastline separated the castle from the tourist trap called Grand Harbor State Park, but there were enough local lakeside homes to populate our sand with visitors.
The sandy staircase presented a problem for Whit. He made Mara cover her eyes, then scooted down the steps while I followed with the chair.
Twelve years in Michigan and Mara had never been to the beach. Mom bought her a teal one-piece for the occasion which she wore beneath a summer dress. For the experiment, she donned the blue shades from the costume bin, secured her hair beneath a backwards cap, and stormed the shore with kinetic enthusiasm.
“Excuse me, sir, do you have a moment to look at some pictures?”
Nobody could deny her pep. When they agreed to help, I pulled out my Canon A-1 camcorder, Whit snapped open the notebook, and Mara fanned twenty photos for the victim to peruse. “Take a look at these pictures and tell me which person you think is the most attractive.”
We scored fifteen interviews in the first hour and captured on tape a variety of responses.
Male, thirty-two years old: “I think this one’s adorable.”
Female, asian, thirty-five years old: “She looks just like my daughter!”
Male, sixty-eight years old: “This girl has an old-world charm. Reminds me of a young Veronica Lake.”
Male, nineteen years old: “You’re kidding me. I swear she looked legal!”
Female, twelve years old: “I want this girl to be my best friend.”
One boy slipped his arm around Mara and told her she was prettier than anyone in the photos.
Another guy was walking the beach with his girlfriend. When Mara pulled out the pictures, he exclaimed, “Do I look like a pedophile?” then noticed the picture of Mara... “That one,” he said. “Definitely that one.”
Another boy snatched the Polaroid of Mara, bolted down the shore, and put an end to the first half of our beach experiment.
On the steps, Whit scanned the results.
“What is it,” I asked. “Like, a hundred percent Mara?”
He sighed. “I think we need to up the ante.”
We returned to the house for peanut-butter sandwiches and lemonade, then scoured Mom’s “Good Housekeeping” and Livy’s “Seventeen” to give Mara tougher competition. Child models, lingerie models, Sharon Stone, the girl from “My Girl” (my pick), Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman (Whit’s pick), the robot girl from “Small Wonder” (Mara’s pick), and more. We snapped a new Polaroid of Mara to replace the stolen picture, then spent the rest of the afternoon at the beach.
Thirty-eight people were interviewed. Thirty-eight people selected Mara as the most attractive. Some called her “pretty” or “cute.” Others called her “precious.” A few called her “sexy.”
Around 5:30, a pinpoint of light caught my attention from the castle tower. It was a pocket mirror; Dad’s nerdy way of calling us in for dinner.
We kept the results to ourselves at Mara’s request. It was “weird,” she said, and explained that she didn’t want to make Livy feel bad, especially since we used her photo for comparison. “Your parents’ll think I’m crazy.”
Whit slept over. At 10:30 the boys and girls were sent to separate rooms, but parents forget that bedtime only marks the beginning of a twelve-year-old’s imagination. The proof of Mara’s ability spurred more and more questions, and we stayed up until three o’clock hypothesizing other powers and inventing ways to test them.
“Her voice!” Whit said, and I told him no.
The next morning, we proposed our ideas to Mara. She loved the prospect of superhuman abilities and participated fully in our barrage of silly experiments.
We tested for a sixth sense: telepathy, telekinesis, bending spoons, something Whit called “omni-linguism,” mental projection, teleportation... even flying. I don’t need to tell you she failed every test... but not without an abundance of bonding time and scores of laughter.
“I bet you’ve got more powers,” I said, “you just gotta figure out how to control ‘em.”
In the end, Mara was satisfied with her gift of “cuteness,” but asked to set aside the experiments to focus on the fairytale. Whit and I agreed. It was time to make a movie.

*  *  *

“Are you kiddin’ me?” Whit zipped from his hiding spot in the closet to the safety of the folded ping-pong table. He took a shot with his suction-cup dart gun, but missed. “You’re a real buzz-kill, Jamesie-boy.”
I poked my head from the trench of pillows and worked another Nerf arrow onto my plastic bow. “All I’m saying is that we know what happens when other boys find out where she lives. They broke into her house! I just don’t see how we can shoot the war scene without–” Another dart whizzed by my head.
“She’s gonna get us friends!” Whit said. “She’ll make us popular! It’s perfect timing!”
“Yeah, but–”
“Shut up and listen.” He rolled into the open–unarmed–and made a “T” with his hands. “We need to show this girl off. For once in our lives we have something totally awesome that nobody else has, and you wanna giver her a suit and glasses and turn her into Clark Kent!”
“She’s too special.”
He sighed. “Don’t rule it out, okay? We’ll move the war scene to early August. That way we can see how the first scenes go, then if there’s nothing out of the ordinary, we’ll invite a few kids to your house for a film shoot and sleepover. That was your idea, remember? Your parents’ll be there, Livy’ll be there, and we won’t make Mara do anything she doesn’t want to do. Just don’t rule this out yet, okay?”
I nodded, “We’ll see what happens.” I grabbed my bow, pulled back the plunger, and shot Whit in the chest. “Gotcha.”

*  *  *

There was one more experiment I proposed to Mara alone in the cave between the walls. “What if you can heal yourself?” I asked. “What if you can never get sick, never get hurt, or never die?”
Mara looked at me with an expression so devoid of emotion that I feel her pain today. Without a word, she removed her left tennis shoe and rolled down her sock to reveal a mark so obvious that I wanted to shoot myself in the head for the suggestion. A ring of flaky tissue encircled her ankle where the handcuff held her to the stage, emphasized by a fading rim of green bruise.
As an adult, I think of that scar often to remind myself that a cut was still a cut and blood was still blood. Mara Lynn’s appearance may have been otherworldly, but that ring of torn flesh would always serve as a memento of her mortality.


5. FAIRYTALE, PART I: THE GIRL

To prepare for this descent into my past, I took a weekend vacation to my childhood home. I stooped in my closet and unhinged–with a crowbar because of the nails–the hatch to my childhood lair. Dismembered limbs from a fake tree expanded from the open square like a wrung sponge. I removed the branches one by one, piled them beside the dismantled bed frame, and coughed in a plume of spray-on snow.
I was taller than the boy who wrote stories in that narrow hole, but I was thinner too. Inside, my legs were crossed and my chin could rest on the lowest pipe. The smell was unfamiliar–like soot and wet newspaper–but the memories were bountiful.
Mickey’s bulb was broken, confirmed by the rattling noise when I shook it, so I relied on the thin beam from the hatch to navigate the cavern. My comic books were still intact and I made a mental note to check the going rate for Batman memorabilia on eBay. My yearbooks–dating from 1991 to 2002–were in various stages of disrepair. I scanned the pages of my freshman year and found on the twenty-first page a smushed piece of paper like a pressed flower: “Idea!” it said. “Maybe I Should See His Emergency Room!”
The real treasures were those christened by little Mara; a zebra-print snap bracelet, a plastic VHS case that boasted Disney’s Beauty and the Beast but contained no tape, Dorothy’s collar, a blue diary with a broken lock, and a statuette of Saint Michael, wings ablaze and poised to fight. I placed the statue by the exit, then cracked the diary’s spine and flipped to the last entry: August 26, 1994. It was the night of the carnival. The night when everything changed.
A dead mosquito laid upside down on the lid to a particularly heavy storage bin. As I swiped it away, I recalled the time when Mara swatted a dozen flies around the playroom, then left the squished bodies as a warning to the other bugs that she was serious.
A Play-Dough sculpture sat at the bottom of the bin. I removed the colorful slab and admired Mara’s fingerprints preserved for ten years in the petrified clay. It had a flat bottom and round top; a model of a hill–Mara’s hill–with trees etched meticulously around the base and bluff like a crest of male-pattern baldness. A stout water tower had been whittled out of red clay and smushed on the plateau like a miniature Shriner hat. The hair on my neck stiffened as I studied the sculpture; a reminder that even Mara had her obsessions.
Her costume was bundled in the corner by the library exit. I unfolded the light-green fabric as if it was the Shroud of Turin. I examined the neat folds and perfect stitching where Mom demonstrated her sewing machine, then the lopsided gnarls of thread when I took over. The corset top was lashed with leather shoelaces, slack since the completion of her final scene. There was a blouse too, yellowed from years in hiding, flared sleeves, a hole on the left shoulder, and grass stains on each elbow.
Beneath the costume was a forgotten box–meant for a rock collection–that contained trinkets slipped into Mara’s pockets by the twins. There were crayons, a headless G.I. Joe, a tube of toothpaste, little green army men, and a slip of lined paper that read, “MARA” in big, crooked letters. One item was missing, and I recalled The Panty Incident when Bobby stole a pair of my mother’s underwear and slipped them under Mara’s pillow. Mara knew the culprit immediately and returned the undies to their owner. Mom and Bobby had a talk after the incident which put an end to the giving of secret gifts.
Hidden in a bin of Christmas ornaments was the reason for my visit; the complete “Fairytale” screenplay with twenty-six pages, golden brackets, the distinct spacing of my father’s word processor, and a title page:

FAIRYTALE

BY JAMES PARKER

WITH HELP FROM MARA LYNN
AND WHITNEY CONRAD THE 3RD

I scanned the text, marveled at our grade-school ambition, and made the decision to supplement “The Accidental Siren” with unmodified excerpts from several key scenes. I hope these descriptions set a humorous tone while providing a peek into the collective creativity of a boy and his pals.

*  *  *

06  INT. THE RED ROOM - NIGHT

THE GIRL WALKS IN A VERY INVITING ROOM WITH LOST OF RED IN THE DESIGN. A BIG BED IS IN THE ROOM. IT HAS RED AND WHITE PILLOWS. A TABLE IS IN THE MIDDLE AND COVERED WITH A MYSTERIOUS WHITE SHEET. WHITE CANDLES ARE LIT AND SIT ON OTHER SMALL TABLES.

TWO GIRLS STAND ALONG THE WALL IN SCARY POSES BUT THEY DON’T MOVE. A SCARY-SOUNDING LULLABY PLAYS IN THE BACKGROUND. THE RIBBON ON THE GIRL’S FINGER LEADS HER TO A COOL LOOKING BOX WITH FRUIT IN IT. THE GIRL LOOKS AWFULLY HUNGRY. SHE REACHES FOR A STRAWBERRY BUT A SCARY VOICE MAKES HER STOP.

“Who goes there!” Dad said with a mischievous cackle. 
Mara jerked her hand away from the fruit. “Who are you?” she stammered. “Where are you?”
Dad emerged from burgundy drapes. His body was wrapped in a crimson cloak, his face was plastered from hair to chin with white silicon, and his head was crowned with a tiara of black feathers. He wore pendants and chains around his neck and gloves like a butler. “I’m here,” he said in his most despicable voice.
Mom chuckled from the doorway and I shushed her immediately; the basement guest room was my set, and I wouldn’t tolerate unnecessary noise. She respected my authority and made a zipping gesture across her pinched lips. I put my eye back to the viewfinder and panned to Dad.
“I didn’t mean to frighten you, little girl,” he continued. “Why don’t you come inside and relax? I’m not going to hurt you.”
“Maybe just for a minute,” Mara said. She removed the ribbon from her finger, then plucked a strawberry from Mom’s fancy cigar box.
My elaborate production design included wrought-iron trinkets from around the castle, bottles from the beach, Mara’s candles (saints facing away), crystal glasses, and red curtains borrowed from Mrs. Greenfield’s antique booth in Grand Rapids. Above the bed hung a bowl of dry ice–frothing with bouts of heavy smoke–inspired by my alter boy friend.
“I’m very hungry,” Mara said.
Dad stepped forward. “Hungry, you sayyy?”
I signaled Jake with a frantic wave. He nodded, then pulled the string that raised a sheet that magically revealed a table of food.
“Whoa!” Mara said. “Is that for me?”
Dad rapped his gloved fingers together, lowered his head, and grinned. “Yes, child. It’s all for you.”
“Annnd cut!” I yelled.
Mom nearly lost it. She grabbed her knees, snorted once, but kept it in. Whit lowered the boom pole and laughed, then Mara and Jake joined in. Dad looked at me–his face like a confused hobo clown–and I couldn’t help but crack a smile.
“I don’t know what’s so funny,” Livy said, dropping her arms to her side and shaking flour from her hair. “It’s the middle of July and there’s no AC down here. I get to put cute makeup on Mara, and I hafta make myself look like a dead Pinocchio.”
Mom covered her mouth to suppress the laughter. It wasn’t working.
Kimmy unhinged her pose and slapped flour from her gown. “What are we supposed to be, anyways?”
“Victims,” Whit said. “Victims of the evil monster...”
Dad raised his gloves like cat claws and snarled.
“This scene was my idea,” Whit said.
Livy sighed. “Haven’t heard that ten times in the last hour.”
Mara fanned her torso with her medieval blouse. “I think I need to pee.”
“And I need the bedazzler,” Dad said, running his fingers over the hem of his cloak. “These darned rhinestones keep falling off.”
Dad’s dry sense of humor ended Mom’s struggle for composure; she laughed until mascara drenched her face.
I shut off the camera, pulled off my headphones, and raised my hands. “Alright everybody, take five.”

*  *  *

14 EXT. BOAT SUNSET

THE CAPTAIN OF DEATH ROWS THE ROW BOAT ACROSS THE SEA. THE GIRL DOESN’T HAVE HER PIGTAILS ANYMORE AND HER MAKEUP IS ALMOST GONE. SHE’S WORRIED.

ALL OF A SUDDEN THE CASTLE APPEARS IN THE DISTANCE AND THE GIRL IS RELIEVED.

“There it is!” Mara shouted from the boat, pointing past the camera to the castle behind me.
Whit nodded and pulled the black cloak tightly around his skeleton face. He had dialogue, but the microphone cord didn’t reach from my camera to the actors in the boat. We would add his lines in post.
In last year’s zombie movie, I wrote too many characters that were required to walk. Whit–being my one and only friend–played every role, but his handicap posed some obvious problems. With a little movie magic, I kept the camera above his chest and chair and made him bounce his shoulders as he “walked.” The quick fix made him look more like a Muppet than a leading man, though he wasn’t exactly Harrison Ford to begin with.
This time around, I wrote more characters who remain seated; hence, the Captain of Death.
“Cut!” I shouted. “Bring it in!”
Mara waved.
Whit lowered his hood, pulled the mask to the top of his head, dipped the paddles in the water, and began rowing home.
Mom was on crowd-control duty and split her attention between the sporadic tourists on evening strolls, her twin boys digging a hole to China with plastic shovels, and the two kids in the dilapidated rowboat who never learned to swim. When a bystander tried to cross the frame, Mom caught them and quietly asked them to walk behind the camera.
It wasn’t until I began directing films that I realized how swiftly the sun sets. I had one last shot, but the shadowless glow of magic hour was quickly fading to black. I replaced the tape, set the camera to face the castle, and beckoned my friends a second time.
They were talking. Lollygagging. And Mara was smiling.
“Hey guys!” I called. “Hurry it up!”
Mara looked and nodded. Whit was telling a story but I couldn’t hear.
I checked the castle in the viewfinder. The lighting was perfect. Squinting, I could just make out Dad’s murky form in the tower window. Apparently, his friend at the firm spotted the coveted eagles over the State Park last weekend. As I watched my father’s motionless shadow, I sensed his disappointment.
Mara’s laugh refocused my attention. The boat was beached. Mom and a stranger helped Whit transition from the boat to a lawn chair. He was laughing too.
“What’s so funny?” I asked.
He shook his head in that “had-to-be-there” kinda way. His smile made me cringe.
I looked to Mara but she was busy admiring the twins’ hole.
I huffed, scratched furiously at the back of my head, and jogged to the boat. “Give me a hand, Ma?” I asked.
“Grumpy, grumpy,” she said and lifted the bow.
“I’m not grumpy but I’m losing light and I got sand in the tripod legs and I don’t know what they think is so funny.” I bent my knees and heaved the stern.
“Whit and Mara are allowed to talk, hon. You don’t need to be a part of every conversation.”
We carried the hunk of tin inland twenty feet and dropped it between the camera and castle. I brushed my hands on my swim trunks. “I need the castle in the background, but I can’t risk my camera in the lake. When I say ‘action,’ I need you to rock the boat like it’s on the water.” I crossed my arms. “Think you can handle that?”
“Don’t get snippy with me, sweetie, or your friend’ll go right back home.”
I grumbled, finalized the shot, then called for the actors.
As Mom and Mara eased Whit back into the boat, I noticed three figures a hundred yards down the shore. They were standing on the dune where the woods met the sand. They were boys... I was sure of it. And they were watching us.
A hand on my shoulder. A voice in my ear. “I’m proud of you.” With only four words, Mara nullified my jealousy over the inside joke, belittled the bullies on the hill, and made the sun stand still.
She squeezed my arm. “Just thought you should know.”

*  *  *

01 EXT. HAPPY WOODS - DAY

IT’S A PRETTY DAY. A YOUNG, ATTRACTIVE GIRL WALKS HAPPILY THROUGH THE FOREST CARRYING A BASKET FILLED TO THE RIM WITH FOOD AND A KITTEN. SHE PAUSES TO PLUCK A YELLOW DAISY FROM THE GROUND AND CONTINUES HER TRIP.

THE GIRL SITS BY HERSELF IN A PATCH OF FLOWERS AND TALKS TO HER LITTLE CAT.

“Good morning Dorothy! Isn’t it a beautiful day? Maybe the most beautiful day I’ve ever seen!”
I stopped Mara. She was perfect, but I asked her to stop and I gave her direction. “Try it like this,” I said, or, “Put your hand here.”
“Dorothy, you look so sad. Your fur is all messed up, your paws are all muddy, and you must be so hungry.”
Dorothy really was as ratty as my screenplay suggested; possibly the ugliest cat I’ve ever seen. The shelter had rescued the kitten after a skirmish with a pissed-off Pinscher. She had one and a half ears, three and a half paws, and her coat was a patchwork quilt of grey fur and flesh where hair would never grow. I called her “Franken-kitty” the day we got her; Mara scowled and named her Dorothy.
Luckily, the cat’s revolting appearance only added to the production value of our film... like the guy with no legs in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
“Pet her head,” I suggested. “Listen, as if the cat is actually talking. Here, let me push back your hair...”
Dad was there, standing atop The Great Divide with binoculars at his eye and the checklist in his pocket like a gun in a holster. We were safe.
“I’m sorry I was rude. You actually look nice. We’ve just been havin’ a bad week, haven’t we?” Mara laid in the grass and brushed the kitten’s crumpled whiskers against her nose.
I dismounted my camera, placed it on the ground, and aimed it at her face. A bushel of purple flowers framed her cheek. Flecks of forest dust hung like microscopic angels, grateful to inhabit the air that Mara breathed.
“I wonder how father is feeling. He’s been so worried lately.”
“Do it again,” I said. The kitten purred.
“I wonder how father is–”
“More intensity. Show real concern.”
“I wonder how father is... He’s been so... so worried lately.”
“Again,” I said. “Whisper it this time.”
“I wonder how father is... He’s been so worried lately...”
Every moment with Mara was a battle to suppress my desire in a thankless pursuit of “different”; different than Whit, different than Ms. Grisham, different than the ferrets and that priest and my father’s lingering gaze. With every urge resisted–every hair unhinged or temple un-kissed–the pressure beat more desperately against my limbs. My joints throbbed like metal pipes in winter and my body became a powder keg of pent-up pubescence.
I lost six pounds in the month of June; another three in the first week of July. Mom offered to take me to the Holland mall for new jeans, but I risked her feelings and asked to shop with Mara instead.
There were other changes that confirmed my father’s prophesy about birds and bees. Blonde fuzz began blossoming in patches like steel-wool, my voice was trapped in awkward no-man’s land, my balls began to drop, and the mounting pressure hammered my emotions until I accidentally stumbled upon the release valve in the shower. Mara had been bathing in the room between mine and theirs. As I listened to innocent patter of water against flesh, my beloved imagination worked its magic and swelled my pituitary from the size of a grape to an apple.
She finished. She unlocked both doors. A weaker mind would have barged in prematurely to “accidentally” catch a glimpse... but I was different. I waited. And when she left through the opposite door, I opened mine.
I stripped. I kneeled. I studied her sopping footprints and a smear of bubbles on the plastic curtain. I was an archeologist. Mara was my discovery. I ignored the washcloth folded neatly on the ledge of the sink and fished the medicine cabinet for a scent that could spur on the rising sensation. Watermelon lipgloss. I twirled the base. I held it to my nose. I was standing where she was standing. I was naked where she was naked.
I capped the Chapstick, grabbed the shower’s knob, and turned it on.
Instinct led my way through the thickening steam. Pleasure dictated the how and the where of certain pressure and rhythms. I followed the sensations and repeated those that seemed right, and when it was over, I collapsed to the tub and closed my eyes. I was standing tall on the precipice of manhood. I felt pure. Innocent. Renewed.
After the first, I did it again. Then again in the sink with the water on. And again with the uncomfortable chaffing of a toilet-paper tube. Some adolescents got it with magazines. Some got it with cars. I could get it only with her.
Sometimes Mara would cross herself during a silent prayer or while biking past a roadside cross. “Spectacles, testicles, wallet, watch,” she taught me; a reminder of her blessed innocence and good intentions. It made me feel like a pig.
But I wasn’t gonna let her see me that way. I was gonna be different! I was gonna be different if my dick broke off in my hand. I held myself back with the belief that my diligent respect would pay off someday. 
In a month and a half, Mara and I would start middle school together, and with my privileged insight into her gift, I could protect her from lesser beings. We would eat cheese and crackers for lunch. I would help her with English homework behind the curtains of the stage. She would hoist her backpack on her shoulders and peck my cheek before trudging to Algebra. In six years, we would graduate high school. Together.
This wasn’t my dream, it was our dream. In the cavern’s stillness we pillaged the remains of my sixth-grade yearbook. I explained in detail the likeability and imbecility of every student. Together, we imagined the unknown possibilities of a new school–of junior high!–and shuddered at the promise of exams and piles upon piles of homework.
Mara stroked our kitten’s fur and sucked the gloss from her lower lip. “But Livy can show us the ropes... right?”
I nodded. “She’s pretty popular. That’ll help.”
“Sometimes she borrows my blush and shampoo, but I don’t mind.”
“What a weirdo.”
“Mmm.” Mara set Dorothy in her lap. She brushed her palm across my black-and-white classmates with their stiff haircuts and uniform smiles. There was something bleak in the way she touched the page; the same darkness I sensed the night in the tree when she used the word “gross” to describe boys.
The cat tipped on its back and pawed at a loose thread on Mara’s shirt.
“Is it weird sleeping in my sister’s room?” I asked to lighten the mood. “What do you guys talk about at night?”
She didn’t look up. “Boys and makeup, mostly.”
“Boys?”
She cradled the misshapen kitten in her pretzeled legs. “You know how you tell me what kids are cool and what kids are stuck-up?”
“Yeah?”
“That’s what your sister does, but just with the boys. Especially Ryan Brosh; says he was the Uncle Jesse of the eighth grade.”
“I think she likes him.”
Mara slugged my shoulder and grinned. “No duh, Einstein.”
I shot her a playful smile and stuck out my tongue.
She pushed the yearbook aside and spoke with exaggerated snaps of her hand and flips of her hair. “Ryan Brosh is the greatest thing to happen to the world since Saved By the Bell. Ryan Brosh doesn’t just act in musicals... he plays basketball! Do you have any idea how hard it is to find a boy that likes art and sports? Oh my gosh, that almost never happens!”
I formed an “o” with my mouth and slapped my cheek. “Art and sports? How is that even possible?”
“Ryan Brosh? Oh my gosh he’s a total shoe-in for Junior Varsity next year. How I wish I was a year older so I could cheer for his team!”
We laughed at her spot-on impersonation.
“Wanna do me a favor?” I asked.
Mara crossed her arms and leaned back on her elbows. She watched the kitten brave the incline of her torso one tentative step at a time. “Maybe.”
“Talk to Livy and convince her to ask Ryan to be in our movie.” 
“I dunno–”
“If he doesn’t do it, I’m stuck with Whit as the evil prince. But he can’t really run and he’s gonna be at computer camp all next week.”
She stretched her legs, laid back, and folded her hands behind her head. The kitten leapt across her chest and pounced her shirt’s collar. “If she talks to Ryan, she’ll obsess over it for days.”
“So you’ll ask?”
Mara scrunched her face and sighed. “If you think it’ll make the movie better... I’ll do it.” Without cracking a smile or lifting a brow, she slid her open palm across the floor. “Down low.”
I smiled and tried to complete the high-five with a slap. She pulled away just before our hands connected (as I knew she would), then she grinned and said, “Too slow!”
I knew the risk of inviting another boy into the fold. However, it didn’t occur to me until after I asked Mara for the favor... what if she fell for him. According to Livy, Ryan was the model of male perfection. The boy version of Mara? I wondered.
But I didn’t need to worry. Ryan was a ferret. He lacked my special insight. Without it, he would fall right into Mara’s incidental trap. He would attempt to woo her with peals of obnoxious infatuation. He would disgust her with his gaze. Simply by pursuing Mara, he would turn her off forever. Ryan might be special, but he wasn’t different.
“James?” she said and nudged me with her bare toes. She was on her side now with Dorothy snuggled to her cheek.
“Yeah?”
“You’ll be there with me... right?”
“Be with you where?”
“At junior high. We’ll help each other out and stuff?” She added a cute inflection to the last two words, but it couldn’t mask the waver in her voice.
I grabbed an overhead pipe to scoot myself around, then I laid on the plywood floor and worked my head in the fold of Mara’s bent arm. “School doesn’t start for another month,” I said. “But yeah, when we get to junior high, we’ll stick together.”
She nodded. “Promise?”
“Yeah,” I said. “I promise.”

*  *  *

17 EXT. THE CASTLE OF THE EVIL PRINCE - DAY

THE GIRL PULLS OUT THE SWORD SHE GOT FROM THE DYING SOLDIER AND FIGHTS THE EVIL PRINCE! SHE TRIES TO STAB HIM BUT HE DODGES IT AND ALMOST STABS HER! THEY FIGHT FOR A LITTLE WHILE LONGER.

ALL OF A SUDDEN THEY’RE ON THE ROOF! THE FIGHT CONTINUES WITH LOTS OF CLOSE CALLS.

Ryan Brosh was a charming goof. He was already on the rooftop in a burlap vest, leather boots and feathered cap, practicing his swordplay against a wave of invisible bad guys. As I mounted the tripod, I watched him bite the pin from a pretend grenade and toss it at the brick rail. “Ka-Boouushhh!” he shouted, then threw up his sword in apparent victory.
Ryan was a goof, but he was magnetic; the kind of guy who could wear his pants backwards and spark a trend. His face was smoother than most boys his age; a trait I’d rather attribute to obsessive hygiene than natural good looks. As chubby as my arms were, his were bigger, but where I had fat, Ryan had biceps.
I left the thespian-jock to his swordplay and walked to the open window. I lowered my head, brought my knee to my chin, and squeezed through the only passage between the rooftop filmset and the library production office that–as Mom declared twice today–looked like a cyclone hit it.
In whirls of potential catastrophe, I always worked best if I focused on one objective at a time. Right now, I had to find a suitable stand for the broom-handle boom mic. The fight scene had the most important dialogue in the whole movie and my sound guy was away at summer camp for nerds.
It was Monday. The babysitters were distracting the kids in the basement and the Demi Moore Cigar Club was already gossiping in the kitchen. Open windows and a ceiling fan kept the cigar smell from settling in their temporary venue.
Livy and Mara sat Indian style on the library floor, face-to-face beside a tower of mahogany book shelves.
“She looks too pretty,” I told my sister. “Dirty her up a bit.”
Livy growled and flipped open the violet lid of her makeup tackle box. “I tried rubbing dirt on her cheeks. I tried matting her hair. I tried darkening the bags under her eyes, but Mara doesn’t have bags under her eyes.”
“Keep trying,” I said. “She’s gotta look a mess.”
Mara faked a scowl. “Make me ugly, Livy. Do your worst!”
My sister held up a bulging baggie of dirt. “I’m gonna add water and cover your face in mud. It’s the only way we’er gonna make this work.”
I turned around to continue my search and noticed Mom and Mrs. Greenfield watching me. They were holding matching glasses of lemonade with perfect cubes of ice (the staple of a good hostess) and observing the madness from the doorway. It would have been polite to say hi to the woman who supplied my hard-to-find props; instead, I ignored Mom’s summoning glare and dove into the corner closet.
“Hey James...” Livy asked. “How’s Ryan?”
I poked out my head, “He’s fine,” I said, then continued my search.
“Didja offer him Kool-Aid?”
“Yes, Livy. He drank three glasses. Remember you pointed out his red mustache?”
She giggled. (Mara giggled too.) “Oh yeah,” she said. “Do you think he needs a little more makeup? Maybe some powder?”
“He’s got plenty,” I said and rummaged through a bevy of blueprint tubes and coats that smelled like wet bark.
“Have you seen Dorothy?” Mara asked.
“She’s in the playroom with the kids,” Livy replied.
“I hope they’re being careful...”
“I can’t believe you guys talked Mom into getting a cat for your stupid movie. I’ve been begging for a pet for years. And didn’t they have a cat without bite marks in the ears?”
“Dorothy’s unique,” Mara said.
There wasn’t a suitable mic stand in the closet, so I slammed the door and turned around... right into Mom’s stern glance and beckoning finger. She reeled me in like the Death Star tractor beam. I smiled my most sarcastic smile and plodded across the library to the chatterbox duo.
“Did you say hi to Mrs. Greenfield?” Mom asked.
“Hi, Mrs. Greenfield,” I said.
“Good afternoon, Director Parker.” The lady’s cheeks rose with an expansive grin, pressing her eyelids into a tight squint.
Mom asked, “Did you thank Mrs. Greenfield for letting you borrow props from her store?”
“Thanks for the swords,” I said, “and the hat and the funny-looking boots. We’ll try not to break your mannequin.”
The woman batted her hand. “Dontcha worry about Freddy! He used to be the display for the vintage dresses in my store, but his poor leg broke and he doesn’t stand very well.”
“They’ll be careful anyway,” Mom added. “Won’t you James?”
I nodded, “Yes, Ma’am.”
“Your mom tells me you lost nine pounds in five weeks! What’s your secret?”
I shrugged. “Diet and exercise. And it’s ten pounds now.”
“Good for you. You’re certainly turning into a handsome young man.”
“Thanks,” I said.
Mom recognized my anxiety and sighed. “Go on. Get back to work.”
“Okay...” I said. “But can I use one of the twins to hold the boom mic? It’s just for a couple shots–”
Mom was already shaking her head. “I thought we talked about this? I let you use the library on the one day a week I’m allowed to relax, and we agreed that there would be absolutely no twins on the roof.”
“But Ma!” I whined. “It’s totally flat and there’s a brick wall and nobody’s gonna fall!”
“The ‘brick wall’ is only a foot tall and a hundred years old. The answer is no.”
“Aw, Maaa...”
While Mom and I bickered, Mrs. Greenfield kept her attention split between our argument and the girls with the muddy makeup. “I’ve never heard of a boom mic in my life,” she said, rejoining the conversation. “But if you need a hand, I’d be happy to help!” Again, her cheeks flushed and pressed her eyes into little slits.
I accepted her offer with some reluctance, but she did manage to relieve some of my stress.
I climbed out the window, shuffled my feet across the rolled tar, and uncoiled the boom cable. Whips of warm air tugged my collar and wobbled the iron chicken on the steeple only ten feet above my head.
The legendary Ryan Brosh–blue eyes, blonde locks, and a slick veneer of crisp summer tan–jabbed the wind with his sword, twirled a deadly three-sixty, then ruffled my hair. “Hows it hangin’, little man?”
I shrugged and wiggled the cord into the body of my camera. “Okay, I guess.”
“Your movie is gonna be killer! Don’t let anybody say you’re not talented as all hell. You hear me?”
I was skeptical of the sudden praise from a popular high-schooler, but thanked him anyway and checked the sound level of the wind.
Then it happened; the inevitable “It” that would provide the spark to every buddy-buddy friendship for the rest of my life: “Hey dude,” Ryan whispered, “what do you think of Mara?”
Maaaraaa. But of course!
“She’s cool,” I muttered. “Why?” 
Ryan stretched his arms to both tips of the sword, held it high above his head, arched backwards, and cracked his sternum. “She’s cute, right?”
“She’s a little young,” I said.
“No way, bro! I started school early so I’m barely a freshmen. That’s only two years different. Plus, she looks old enough to drive, am I right?” Ryan’s crooked smile was winning.
I choked down the one-two punch of newfound jealousy and my sister’s impending heartbreak. I barely knew Ryan Brosh, but facing those baby blues on the roof of my castle, I wanted to stab him myself.
“I’m not usually shy,” he said, “that’s the actor side of me. But maybe you could talk to Mara and see where I stand? Ya feel me, bro?”
I looked to the tiny window in the massive brick wall. Two foreheads hovered at the bottom of the frame, then poked up like the Bop-a-Mole game at ShowBiz Pizza. It was Livy and Mara. Their beaming cheekbones indicated smiles were hidden beneath the sill. Their doe-eyes were trained, not on me, but on the evil prince as he practiced his moves.

*  *  *

18 EXT. THE CASTLE OF THE EVIL PRINCE - DAY

THE PRINCE HAS HIS SWORD AGAINST THE GIRL’S THROAT. SHE’S SCARED... BUT THEN SHE REMEMBERS HER FATHER AND ALL THE THINGS HE TAUGHT HER. RIGHT BEFORE SHE GETS KILLED, SHE KICKS THE MAN IN THE LEG AND GRABS HER SWORD AND FIGHTS HIM TO THE EDGE OF THE ROOF!

THEY FIGHT SOME MORE, THEN THE GIRL PULLS HER ARM BACK AND SWINGS HER SWORD AS HARD AS SHE CAN AND HITS THE PRINCE’S SWORD AND IT FLIES TO THE GROUND. SHE PUTS HER SWORD TO HIS THROAT AND HE CRAWLS BACKWARD TO THE VERY EDGE OF THE ROOF.

“I know you have my father!” Mara yelled, the tip of her fencing saber in the middle of Ryan’s chest. “Tell me where he is!”
The boy held up his hands in protest, just like we talked about. “Your father owed me taxes!” he exclaimed with theatrical bravura. “He said he couldn’t pay!”
“Where did you take him?” Mara demanded and forced him a step closer to the ledge.
Mrs. Greenfield held the boom like a pro. 
Livy watched her boy from the sidelines. 
Another gust of wind snapped at Mara’s skirt and hair, adding serious production value to the scene.
“I didn’t take him anywhere!” Ryan pleaded. “I... I...”
“You what?” Mara asked.
“I... I...”
“Tell me!”
“I killed him!”
I zoomed into Mara’s mud-crusted face and focused the lens on her confusion.
“K–Killed?” she asked.
“Yes. I sent him to his death!”
Mara’s eyebrows pulled together at the bridge of her nose. Her irises danced as she searched for truth. “Where is... ‘death’? How do I find it?”
Ryan loosened a coy smile. This jerk was good. “It means he’s dead, little girl. And he’s never coming back.”
Mara froze. Her eyes settled into a blank stare. The bewilderment on her muddy face could break a heart. Then she lowered her brow in a terrible scowl and charged Ryan with the tip of her sword.
“Cut!” I yelled. 
Ryan burst out laughing. “Dang, little lady! You’re crazy good! Have you done this before?”
Mara combed her fingers through her matted hair. “First time in front of a camera.”
Mrs. Greenfield lowered her arms and blotted a tear with the sleeve of her blouse. “You’re all so talented!”
Livy ran to set. “Ryan needs a touch up,” she said and pulled out her powder. 
Thanks to my role as Obnoxious Little Brother, I rarely saw my sister’s genuine smile. But I saw it that day; a pretty smile that brightened her face, enlivened her mood, and bestowed her stance with confidence. (As she dusted Ryan’s face, she couldn’t contain that smile if she tried.)
Mara noticed it too. Our eyes connected for a split second, just long enough for the girl to flash me a look of concern that she had intended to keep hidden. As she turned to leave, Ryan stiffened his posture to better watch over Livy’s braids.
I inhaled, held the air, then released. “All right, everybody!” I said. “Let’s get the mannequin!”

*  *  *

19 EXT. THE CASTLE OF THE EVIL PRINCE - DAY

THE EVIL PRINCE FALLS OFF THE ROOF TO HIS BLOODY DEMISE!

The ladies of The Demi Moore Cigar Club joined the filmmakers at the top of the dune. We visored our eyes to better see Freddy the mannequin (in the garb of the evil prince) dangling from Mara’s hands against the castle wall. Thirty feet below, blankets, pillows and cushions provided a soft target for the plastic daredevil.
Livy stood as close to Ryan as their friendship allowed. Apparently, she was oblivious to the fact that he was wearing blush, eyeliner, and a Michael Jordan basketball jersey. Poor Livy... she didn’t know the futility of her flirtation. “Sorry,” she said, tracing circles in the sand with her hightop. “I know this movie is totally lame.”
“Are you kiddin’?” he said. “I get to watch myself fall from the roof of a freakin’ castle! I’m wiggin’ out!”
Mom was behind me, chatting up Mrs. Bullard, doing her best to explain the filmmaking process. “This is one of the last scenes in the movie,” she said, “but they still need to shoot a war scene that actually comes earlier in the story. James can put the scenes together in the right order during the editing process. It’s all very technical.”
“Why aren’t you all costumed up, Beth?” asked the woman. “Shouldn’t you be queen of this castle?”
My back was turned, but I could feel the flush in my mother’s cheeks. “Ha!” she said. “You’ll never catch Bethany Parker in front of a movie camera. I’m strictly a behind-the-scenes kinda mom.”
I scanned the roof and saw Mrs. Greenfield with her hands on her hips. She asked permission to assist Mara with the dummy; I said it was fine as long as she stayed clear of the shot.
“Testing, testing?” Mara’s voice crackled over the My First Sony walkie-talkie attached to my ear. “Are you there, Mr. Director?”
I bent the mouthpiece to my lips. “Hear ya loud n’ clear, Alpha Girl. How are we lookin’?”
“Freddy’s in place and ready to drop.” The mannequin wiggled against the wall.
“Sweet. Tell Freddy that we’ve only got one shot at this, so make it good.”
“Will do, Mr. Director. Tell Livy and Ryan I say ‘hello down there!’”
I winced. “Will do, Alpha Girl. Over and out.” I checked the frame one last time, then raised my arms. “Quiet on the set!” I yelled. The ladies simmered. Ryan stepped to my side.
The earpiece crackled. “Dang, that was loud!”
“Sorry, Alpha Girl. Forgot about the headset.”
Mom covered her mouth. Livy inched closer to Ryan as he bubbled with goofy excitement. On the roof, Mrs. Greenfield ducked out of view.
I pushed record and held my breath. “Annnnd, action!”
The dummy fell with disturbing grace, then bumped the brick wall and reeled head first toward the ground. The costume fluttered just enough to make him look real; I imagined Ryan in his place.
Freddy hit the pillows with a pop and crunch. The ladies gasped. Ryan raised his fists in the air and whooped, “That’s what I’m talkin’ about!”
I kept the camera wide on the castle wall until Mara emerged with exquisite timing from the brick horizon, a tiny silhouette with a billowing blouse, windswept hair, and sword at her side. Slowly, I rotated the zoom, pushing into The Girl as she stood above the rest of us like a true heroine, comfortable in her place at the top of the world.
I yelled cut. The ladies cheered.
Mara dropped her sword, waved, then grabbed the walkie-talkie. “How’d it look, Mr. Director?”
“Awesome,” I said. “Nice work, Alpha–”
Mara jerked the headset off before I could finish and Mrs. Greenfield appeared at her side. There was a burst of jumbled laughter as Mara fumbled with the device, then found the power switch and turned it off. My earpiece clicked silent and I watched The Girl share the moment with my mother’s friend.
“Killer shot, bro!” Ryan blurted. “Mara looked tight! Am I right? We’re gonna make so many movies together, little dude.”
I didn’t respond. My jaw tensed. My molars rubbed together in grinding figure eights.
I succumbed to a new primal urge that afternoon... but my jealousy was attuned to the wrong threat.
In the coming weeks, I would find myself on the outskirts of several serious conversations. Mom and Dad would invite Mara to the living room for private chats. Girly whispers of Ryan Ryan Ryan would be “none of my beeswax.” I would begin to notice Mara among my mother’s friends, lemonade in hand, laughing with a wry smile and complimenting Mrs. So-And-So on a successful perm, or Ms. What’s-Her-Name on new earrings. I would notice an increase in face-time with Mrs. Greenfield; special shopping trips, castle barbecues with her husband and twenty-something daughter Samantha (during trips home from Michigan State), and more offers to assist on the fairytale. I would ask Mom about the renewed friendship and she would tell me, “The Greenfields have an empty nest now, and they need to spend time with friends. Hasn’t it been nice reconnecting with them?”
These secrets and odd conversations would taint the castle’s usual homeyness with a can’t-put-my-finger-on-it sense of dread. My attention, however, would be consumed with jealous urges and the multitude of boys who promised to take her away.
I didn’t know it as I swept up the dummy’s remains, but it wasn’t Danny, Whitney, or Ryan Brosh that would rip Mara out of my life... it was Mrs. Greenfield.


6. FAIRYTALE, PART II: THE WAR

09 EXT. BATTLEGROUND WOODS - NIGHT

THE GIRL TAKES THE SWORD, TURNS FROM THE DYING SOLDIER AND RUNS AS FAST AS SHE CAN RIGHT THROUGH THE MIDDLE OF THE WAR! BOMBS EXPLODE ALL AROUND HER. HUMANS AND CREATURES FIGHT EACH OTHER WITH STICKS AND SWORDS AND TORCHES.

A GROOM OF HUMANS STARTS RUNNING RIGHT BEHIND THE GIRL WITH THEIR WEAPONS DRAWN. IT LOOKS LIKE THEY’RE TRYING TO CATCH HER! BUT SHE TURNS AWAY JUST IN TIME AND THE CREATURES LEAP OUT OF THE BUSHES AND ATTACK THEM.

8:40 PM.
A.J. gunned the four-wheeler down a firebreak in the nighttime woods. The only illumination came from seven strategically placed work lamps powered by sixteen extension cords... and light from the crescent moon.
Saddled backwards, I squeezed the seat with my thighs and clutched the camera with every muscle my fingers offered.
Mara grabbed the ketchup-stained sword from Whit’s extended hand and sheathed it. 
“Run!” the solider shouted. 
And she did, tearing through the forest behind our motorized dolly. Her look of terror was amplified by the rattling image and the surrounding commotion, and in the background, Whitney clutched his chest, raised his hand to the heavens, then died.
“Humans!” I shouted. “Action!”
“Grrraaaaaaaaaa!” Ryan Brosh lead the charge of twelve boys, leaping three at a time from the bushes to the path behind the terrified girl. (Ryan–without my permission–had rallied a group of high-school buddies by flashing a stolen photo of Mara. The boys agreed to don burlap ponchos and silly hats... if it meant chasing a beautiful girl with tiki-torches and makeshift swords. Scott, Martin and Dale were cousins on my Dad’s side who made the four-hour trip from Sandusky, just to be extras in my movie. The Bullard kids–Zach and Sean–rounded out the human battalion with plastic swords they brought from home.)
A.J. cackled like Dr. Frankenstein and picked up the pace. 
“Keep her straight, Age!” I yelled as the tires neared the edge of the path and thin branches smacked the back of my head.
He shouted some reply, but the engine and crunching leaves muffled his words.
“Fireworks!” I screamed and the path blossomed with a brilliant orange surge of Mr. Greenfield’s Roman Candles. To our left, Whit’s dad lit the fuse on a mortar–wedged in the dirt to look like a grounded grenade–and the explosion echoed with a blistering pop that flung blue sparks in every direction. (Somewhere in the darkness, my father was standing guard with buckets of water.)
Mara jolted as if the timed explosions were spontaneous.
Through the viewfinder, my scene looked wonderfully chaotic; just as I imagined.
I screamed my final cue at the last mark, “Creatures! Go!”
Mara flashed one last look of horror, then darted left off the path into the foliage, not a second before thirteen masked beasts barreled from the right in an epic clash with the humans. (The creatures were mostly girls draped in gender-masking cloaks made from cheese-cloth and dirt. I placed Mara in charge of recruiting extras, which she delegated to Livy by promising beauty tips and the coolest slumber party of all time. Kimmy and Haley joined the ranks first, then bribed eight more girls with tales of a killer slumber party and high-school boys in medieval costumes. Not only did Livy gather the troops, but she hollowed every eye with black paint and darkened every mouth red.)
My actors collided, hollered, and battled it out in a showdown of make-believe violence as the camera, four-wheeler and director bounced away.
A.J. hit the breaks and we lurched to a halt. We exchanged glances, wiped sweat from our brows, and caught our breath behind mischievous grins. “That was fun,” he said, and I nodded my agreement. I knew the risks when I asked A.J. for help, but I also knew he’d keep the invitation to himself. He understood Danny’s tendencies better than anyone, and he wouldn’t risk sharing Mara with his maniacal leader.
I raised my head, cupped my hands around my mouth, and shouted to the forest, “That’s a cut!”
The battle cries faded. The engine died. The fireworks fizzled out. The only sound was my labored breaths and a shallow hiss from the belly of the four-wheeler.
The moment passed. Ryan whooped first, then the whole forest erupted with applause.

*  *  *

10 EXT. BATTLEGROUND WOODS - NIGHT

THE GIRL RUNS UP A LADDER AND NARROWLY ESCAPES A HEARD OF CREATURES BELOW HER!

9:20 PM.
“Start up the dolly,” I said to A.J.
“Huh?”
I pointed to the four-wheeler. “Start the engine. I gotta talk to the monsters.” I looked to Mara. “You okay?”
She held her skirt’s hem at her knee and inspected the scarlet laceration across her shin. “It’s not too deep. I’ll live.”
I nodded and fanned my chest with my shirt. “Be ready in thirty seconds.”
I marched twenty strides to Livy and her band of sweat-drenched bad guys, faces sick with artificial gaunt, ghostlike in the flicker of their tiki-torch staffs.
“We’re dyin’ out here, James,” Livy said. “Why did everybody else get to go home?”
I already sent the boys to the castle so I could focus on my movie instead of potential advances on Mara. “It’s the last shot, ladies, then you can join the boys for dinner. When I say action, I need you to run right between the camera and the ladder.”
“We know, James. You told us like, a thousand times.”
“I want dinner!” Kimmy moaned and jabbed the dirt with her torch.
“Hang in there,” I said. I stepped backwards while scanning the production notebook for any last reminders. “Oh!” I said. “And remember to gallop. You’re monsters, remember, not people.”
“We know!” the girls shouted in unison.
I smiled, then collapsed the notebook and spun around.
Beneath the ladder and the stalled dolly, A.J. was holding Mara’s wrist. They were talking.
Mara had been the center of attention all evening, but A.J. was the only kid driven by the memory of her song. Sure, Whit and I heard it too (I still awoke every morning with Amazing Grace trapped in my head) but those brief excerpts were nothing compared to the countless nights A.J. had spent in the trees, sinking deeper and deeper into the honey of Mara’s voice. As I trampled the weeds and leaves toward the punk and my girl, I knew this night was a mistake.
“What the heck are you doing?” I said and slapped A.J.’s hand from Mara’s.
“Nothin’ bad, James. Swear it. I was just tellin’ her–”
“Tellin’ her what?” I stepped between them and raised my voice. “I said you could only help if you stayed away from Mara. She doesn’t like you and she doesn’t wanna sing!”
Mara touched my shoulder. “James–”
I shrugged her off. “I shoulda known you were still a jerk.” In height, I bested the little bully by more than an inch. 
He stumbled backward. “I wasn’t gonna ask her to sing!” he said. “I–”
“Just leave her alone, kay?” My cheeks prickled with a rush of rosacea that would dominate my teenage years. “Everybody told me it was stupid to invite such a jerk to my movie shoot, but I didn’t listen.”
“James!” Mara said in a rare heave of her gentle voice.
“What?”
“He was saying he’s sorry!”
“Sorry?”
A.J. fished his pocket with trembling hands. “For bein’ mean in the woods. I was bein’ a bunghole to you guys and I wanted to tell y’all I’m sorry.”
“Did your mom make you say that?”
“No!” he pleaded, struggling to find the trinket his pocket refused to release.
“Did Danny make you say it?”
“No, James!”
“Is this a ploy?” I hissed, then gasped at my outburst. (My fight for “different” had taken a serious blow; I wasn’t the first to ask that question.)
A.J. jerked his fingers from his pocket. The stolen necklace was pinched carefully between them. “I threw away that washrag,” he said to Mara, “but I figured you’d want this back.”
She stepped around me and extended her hand.
A.J. let the chain coil in her palm, then released it altogether. “Them boys who stole yer stuff... Them boys in the trees... they’re startin’ to get crazy and I don’t wanna be associated with them no more.”
“What do you mean by ‘crazy’?” I asked.
He looked at Mara. “One boy found a blue bandana in yer closet. Started wearin’ it on his head, now they’re all wearin’ blue bandanas. They don’t know where you moved to, but they keep all yer things in a special box. Tapes of you singin’. Pictures too. But you don’t hafta worry, I ain’t ever gonna say where you live.”
“What about the tape you stole?” she asked.
“It’s gettin’ raggedy. Can barely hear yer voice. I’ll be throwin’ it away soon.”
Mara nodded. “Thanks.”
I rolled my eyes and fought the pending shame.
“Danny and T won’t be so nice,” he said. “Danny keeps talkin’ like you turned him down. Calls you all kinds of bad words. Ma caught me and him puttin’ ants in the microwave and I’m not allowed to play with him anymore.” He looked at the dirt. “Anyways, I’m real sorry for what I done.”
Mara graced the boy’s shoulder with a pat. “We forgive you.”
“I know you guys only needed me for the four-wheeler, but do y’all think I could stay for the sleepover too?”
I looked at Mara. She looked at me. “Sure, Age,” I said. “You can stay for the sleepover.”

*  *  *

10:10 PM.
The driveway was lit by a single, cobalt flood.
I limped through the swarm of Livy’s friends. Mara was among them–one of them–and I gave her a thumbs up. She grinned and returned the gesture.
In the garage, Mom, Mrs. Bullard and Mrs. Greenfield were ladling chili into the actors’ styrofoam bowls. Mrs. Conrad declared herself the captain of “Whitney Protection Duty.” She sat beside her son on a tub of bird feed and asked repeatedly if he survived the make-believe battle. He assured her that he didn’t touch the fireworks, the sword was dull, and the four-wheeler didn’t come anywhere near his limbs.
A.J. asked my mom where he could change out of costume. She gave him directions to the downstairs bathroom. He thanked her and bounded inside.
I pulled off my shoes and socks, inspected the matching white blisters on both heels, then slipped into a pair of flip-flops from the shoe shelf beside the door. All nine war-scene setups had been completed in only two hours with twenty-five takes. The woods were a mess, but it was time to relax.
Mom served me a half bowl of chili, then licked her thumb and rubbed the dirt from my chin. “Why are little geniuses always so messy?”
Mrs. Greenfield–pink with delight from the commotion–offered a handful of Fritos for my soup.
“I’m down twelve pounds, Mrs. G. Don’t tempt me.”
“How’d my hubby do out there?” she asked. “He’s been talkin’ about your movie all week. He didn’t blow off his hand, I hope?”
“Mr. G did awesome,” I said. “He’s got killer timing with a Roman Candle.”
Mrs. Greenfield looked over my shoulder to the circle of men in the front yard. Her husband was there, thin like my father but less hunched. He compensated for his male-pattern baldness by boasting a neatly combed Tom Sellick. A silver cross hung between the collar of his Polo. The guy managed a Sporting Goods store in Holland with the clever name “Greenfield Sporting Goods” and–several years ago–gave my father a deal on a beach volleyball set we never use.
I sipped my chili from the corner where the retaining wall met the house and used the vantage to study the dynamic of my peers. Below my dangling legs, the boys sat on the planter trough like construction workers on a skyscraper beam, squishing Mom’s geraniums with typical adolescent mindlessness. 
In the driveway, the girls mingled in rotating clusters like a system of dancing bees. Ryan Brosh played it cool, whispering and laughing with his comrades. He was too old for the buzzing tykes... but never too old for their queen. The girls stole glances at the boys, then giggled when a boy glanced back. Every girl assumed the attention was meant for them, but how could they understand that their brief exchange was not flirtation, but a trivial darting of eyes caught at the wrong moment by their sappy imagination, meant–by the boy–as a pit stop on the way to and from the intended recipient of their affection.
Mara knew the attention was hers; I watched as she willingly partook in the flirtatious dance. “You’re like my brother,” I recalled and my innards churned.
(I should note that most of these observations were only made after years of reflection. I did, however, acknowledge that my perception of the sexes had evolved drastically in the two-and-a-half months since that glimpse of Roslyn’s thigh.)
From my perch, I watched my little cousin Scott conspire with Bobby and Jake behind Leo the stone lion. Scott was just young enough to connect with the twins on a level of immaturity, but old enough to test his rare position of dominance. There were whispers, shushes, elaborate gestures... then little Bobby nodded, stepped from the patio, and circumvented the group of dads with reluctant audacity. He arrived unnoticed at the group of girls, circled them with casual strides, then broke the delicate balance of sexes by squirming through the wall of the clique.
I heard what I couldn’t see; Bobby spoke loud enough for the whole production to hear. “Hey, Miss Mara!” he shouted. “Wanna see my goober?”
“Eww!” Girls scattered in fits of disgusted laughter, leaving Mara alone with Bobby, jeans at his ankles and wiener in his hand.
The jocks on the trough pointed and jeered and leaned against the stucco wall to brace their amusement.
Bobby looked to his cousin and brother as they fell to the ground in stitches. He looked at the scattered girls and the row of hysterical boys. He huffed and he puffed and when he noticed my mother approaching from the garage, he pulled back his arm like an MBL pitcher and slapped his hand into Mara’s bare thigh.
If Mom wasn’t accustomed to witless boys and sensitive girls, the situation may have ended in tears. Instead, she placed a kitten in Mara’s arms, took Bobby’s hand gently, and lead him through the garage and into the house.
The cat diffused the situation just as Mom had planned. The girls regrouped, “ewwws” turned to “awwws,” and Mara was spared further embarrassment. The men–barely distracted by the sight of a penis–turned back to their conversation, arms crossed, swaying back and forth on the balls of their feet. Dad’s arms were outstretched–soaring–and I knew exactly what he was talking about.
Whit donned a fresh tee and spit-shined cheeks as he rolled from the garage to the girls. Before he could bemuse a lady with the specs of his IBM PowerPC or the speed of his modem, Ryan intervened, slipping easily into the center of the swarm to strike up a conversation with Mara.
Giving in to instinct, I abandoned my bowl and spoon on the ledge and started down the concrete steps to the driveway. A flicker of light caught my eye meandering through the driveway foliage like the eyeshine of a one-eyed dog.
I reached the bottom step just as the castle floodlight revealed the new arrival; it was a truck, a white Toyota with a broken headlight, grizzly motor, and four different hubcaps. Nobody noticed the truck as it joined the cluster of vehicles along the drive, but when Danny Bompensaro emerged from the passenger-side door, Whit and Ryan perked like the ears on a threatened wolf.
Hank joined his nephew at the front of the truck and ushered him toward my party.
I should have been the first to react, but I was distracted by Danny’s stiff gait and the undefinable bundles in both of his hands.
Ryan turned from his conversation with Mara and positioned himself between the chatting girls and the approaching menace. Whit joined him.
Mara saw Danny. Her neck tensed, her lips narrowed, and she scanned the party until she found my eyes.
I gave her a single nod as if I had a plan. I didn’t.
My father noticed the visitors, excused himself from his circle of new friends, then joined Ryan and Whit at the front lines with a welcoming smile and extended hand.
As Hank closed the gap to my father, I finally made out the dark bundles in Danny’s hands. In his left was Trent’s sword, point down with a line of holes where the nails had been removed. A trashcan lid was pinched in the crook of his arm along with fabric from a homemade costume. His right hand gripped a bundle of yellow snapdragons, an hour from wilting, tied together with a shoelace bow. He wore a Polo and khakis as if it were a tuxedo.
“’Evenin’, folks,” said Hank and shook my father’s hand.
“I’m David Parker, James’ Dad.”
“Harold Bompensaro.” Hank elbowed Danny’s shoulder. “I’m responsible for this knuckle-head.”
Danny watched his shoes to avoid my gaze. “I’m here for the movie, Mr. Parker.”
My old man didn’t know Danny Bompensaro from Luke Skywalker. Nobody told him about the incident with Mara, nor did he know that this was the villain who took my camera. “I believe the moviemaking is over, tiger.” He rubbed the bully’s hair, oblivious to the scar creeping an inch from his fingertips. “But you’re welcome to grab some chili and hang out with the other kids.”
Crap! I mustered my courage and stepped forward to join the ranks of men. I looked at Danny’s costume and the trash-lid shield... I couldn’t tell my dad to make him leave.
It was that moment–as Danny circumvented our mini platoon and stepped toward the girls–that I realized Mara’s fear was a transcendent reaction, emitting from her spirit like a radio signal for those of us attuned to the proper station. We didn’t need to see her expression to know Danny’s presence made her ill, we could feel it–all of us–clear and persistent like the tip of a rattlesnake’s tail.
Ryan stepped left and cut the bully off. Whit and I approached from the rear like raptors on the hunt.
“Where do you think you’re goin’?” Ryan asked.
“I–”
“I’ve heard stories about you. You’re a little punk.”
The other girls sensed the change in mood and turned to face us. Mara was frozen, cat in her arms, eyes on Danny. Livy slid an arm around her waist.
“I thought I could help,” said Danny.
Ryan puffed his chest. “What are the flowers for?”
Danny’s eyes flicked between Mara and the ground. “They’re snapdragons.”
Ryan scoffed. “She doesn’t want your dumb present.”
“I wanna tell her I’m sorry.”
“Sorry for what?”
Whit inched closer and pressed his footrest into Danny’s heel.
“For being an ass. For pushing her against the tree and for scaring her.” He tried to sidestep Ryan–right, left, then right again–but he was like a scrawny goblin facing a armored knight. The veins constricted in his neck. His scar–only a foot from my face–turned from light pink to boiling red. Suddenly, he rammed his shoulder into Ryan’s chest. “Faggot!” he blurted “Let me by!”
The other boys finally noticed the commotion, left the planter, and formed a semi-circle between Danny and his pretty victim (one of Ryan’s friends had the gall to place a hand on her shoulder.) In the garage, the mothers remained cheerfully unaware.
My empathy for the well-intentioned bully evaporated at the word “faggot.” I balled my fist around the collar of his Polo and jerked him back. “Go home, Danny.”
He dropped the shield, flowers, costume and sword, then planted his palms in my chest and pushed. “Shut it, Fatty!”
Maybe it was my newfound confidence that secured my feet to the paver-brick drive; maybe it was my need to match Ryan’s heroics. Whatever the reason, I didn’t budge.
Dad turned around.
Hank stepped forward. “What the hell is goin’ on?”
Danny’s head was a pimple about to burst. “They’re bein’ jerks, Hank! I tried to–”
“You stupid boy. Yer gonna ruin this night, too?” He wrapped his fingers around Danny’s neck. “Yer gonna embarrass us in front of these nice folks?”
Dad adjusted the bridge of his bifocals and scratched the back of his neck. “I think we just have a misunderstanding–”
Before he could diffuse the situation, the front door opened and slammed. It was A.J., standing on the patio in his usual camouflage duds.
“Age?” Danny said, nearly a whisper.
A.J. locked eyes with his friend, then grabbed the door handle and jiggled it, but it had locked behind him.
Danny glared at A.J., then at me. The moment of silence summoned Mrs. Greenfield and Mrs. Conrad to the opening of the garage.
Suddenly, Danny lunged toward the patio, forgetting he was still caught in his uncle’s grip. Instead of charging A.J., he writhed before us like a hooked gar. “Fuck you, Age! Stupid fucking traitor!”
“That’s it.” Hank tightened his grip and yanked Danny toward the truck. He looked to Dad. “I assure you folks I’m gonna teach this kid some respect. Sorry ‘bout the intrusion. Enjoy yer evenin’.”
Danny sneered at my father. “Screw you, old man,” he said and reeled again. “Screw your son and his little bitch of a girl!” He looked to Mara. He pointed at the smeared petals and broken stems. “I picked those for you! I was tryin’ to be nice!” Hank covered his nephews mouth, but Danny spat and screamed between his fingers. “Fuck your stupid movie! Fuck your stupid friends and fuck your stupid cat!”
And then it was over. Danny was secured in the cab of the truck. Forward, reverse, forward, reverse; the brake lights washed our faces with crimson.
Mom joined the women at the garage door.
Livy ran to Ryan and touched his cheek.
My father sighed.
Trapped in the center was our wingless angel. We empathized her pain and shared the sting of utter abashment. We longed to hold her, to comfort her, to banish the hurt and defend her honor... but we were stuck. A dark revelation kept us frozen in the drive; the slow realization that our empathy for Mara was a paradox where the problem’s solution was the problem itself. To give her comfort was to be like Danny; our words of encouragement would be nothing but a trampled bushel of flowers.
Mrs. Greenfield succeeded where the men failed. She hugged Mara, then ushered her on a stroll of the castle grounds. For thirty minutes they walked and talked while the parents picked up and the boys reenacted highlights from the epic confrontation.
“I’ve never heard such language on a twelve-year-old,” said Mrs. Bullard as she wiped sauce from the chili pot.
“It’s the music they listen to,” replied Whit’s Mom. “Nirvana, Smashing Pumpkins; they’re to blame for kids like Danny.”

*  *  *

11:45 PM.
Testosterone clung to the lead pores of my bedroom walls. Boys were draped over every available surface like chimps in a tree. Doritos, popcorn and cookie crumbs littered my bedsheets and peppered the berber with crunchy specks.
Whit and A.J. sat beside me in the corner of the room. Together, we admired the lounging jocks. One of the boys rushed to Ryan, sat on his lap, farted, and laughed.
Whit broke the seal on a packet of Tic-Tacs, tipped back his head, and dumped a mouthful.
“Can I get one of them mints?” A.J. asked from the edge of my bed.
Whit didn’t respond, but picked up an empty Coke can from the nightstand and balanced it on A.J.’s head. He formed his fingers into a gun and aimed it at the reformed-bully’s face. “Ka-pow,” he said and pulled the trigger.
I grabbed the can and crushed it. “Whit isn’t as forgiving as Mara,” I said. “You’ve been Danny’s stooge for a long time.”
Whit rolled the heap of mints in his mouth. “That kid’s a primordial ass.”
“He’s gonna kill me,” A.J. said.
“You know what I’ve been thinkin’?” I asked. “I think Danny’s no different than Bobby or Jake. He likes Mara but he doesn’t know why, so he pokes her and calls her names.”
“Yeah, ‘cept the twins don’t carry a pellet gun and scream obscenities.” Whit watched as two of Ryan’s buddies stood face to face for a game of ram sham bo. “Think they like us?” he asked.
One boy spread his legs and clenched his face. The other pulled his foot back, grinned, then wailed his bare toes into his buddy’s crotch.
Whit popped another Tic-Tac. “Told ya Mara would get us friends.”
Ryan abandoned his buddies, took two giant leaps across my bed, and plopped between Whit and A.J. “Give me a mint,” he said and Whit obliged immediately. He held the mint between his front teeth as he scanned our faces. “Who wants to make twenty bucks?”
“Me!” A.J. said.
Ryan put his arm around the kid’s skinny back. “The money’s yours, little dude. But you gotta do me a favor.”
A.J. was skeptical. He responded nervously, as if the wrong words might scare away the offer. “Whatcha need me to do?”
“During the game tonight, dare me to kiss Mara.”

*  *  *

11:55 PM.
Half the boys were left trading baseball cards between plastic sheaths on my bedroom floor; half the girls were asleep on the ballroom couch. My parents, I hoped, were in their bed, unaware of the faction of kids preparing for a game of Truth or Dare in the castle walls.
Evil forces were at work as the girls chose their seats among the boys. I found myself squished between Livy and A.J. with Mara on the opposite side of the circle snuggled between Ryan and Whit. My sister fared no better; her crush was sitting knee-to-knee with Haley and the most beautiful girl in the world.
Mara’s pjs were a far cry from the footie pajamas she wore the night we met; socks, a pair of purple Sophies, a tie-died tank with swirling shades of teal. If she was still shaken by Danny’s violent and public advances, she didn’t show it now.
As always, Mickey Mouse provided our light.
Ryan raised his hands as high as the ceiling allowed. “Ladies and gentlemen,” he said, “these are the rules!”
“Hey, Blue Eyes,” Whit interrupted. “Who made you king of Truth or Dare?”
Ryan was about to retort when Livy piped up, “Wait!” She jumped to her knees and scavenged the storage bin she had been using as a backrest. She removed a cardboard Burger King crown, then leaned across the circle and wiggled it on Ryan’s head. “There!”
“Thank you, minion,” he said and cleared his throat. “There’s only one rule tonight: what happens in these walls, stays in these walls.”
Livy raised a hand.
“Yes, minion?”
“And no kissing relatives.” She patted my knee. “No offense, little brother.”
I scrunched my face. “Gross.”
“Haley, darling,” Ryan said. “You start.”
I couldn’t imagine Haley Jenson playing Truth or Dare. She was a bashful girl who communicated with blinking doe-eyes instead of moving lips. Her hair was cute in blonde braids from a makeover session and her eyes asked, “What am I doing here?” I didn’t know what debauchery our game had in store, but I feared the corruption of Haley’s bunny-like personality.
“Umm...” she began, then her eyes fell on me. “I pick James.”
“Ooooo!” went the spectators.
I rolled my eyes and looked at the blushing girl. “Truth,” I said.
Ryan cupped his mouth. “Booooring!”
Haley spoke so softly that I had to lean forward to hear the question. “What’s your favorite hair color on a girl?” she asked.
I looked at Mara’s tangled locks. Apparently, she was the only girl who didn’t receive a makeover. “Blonde,” I said. “Definitely blonde.”
(Days later, my sister would explain that my rapid and direct response brightened Haley’s evening, as she too had blonde hair.)
Ryan was next. “I chooose...” He scanned our faces as if he hadn’t known for weeks who he was going to pick. “Mara!”
“Me?” she asked.
“Truth or dare?” he asked.
“Truth!” she said.
“Hmm...” he said, then pretended to think. “What turns you on?”
This game was a bad idea. Mara was twelve; a fact that no one seemed to comprehend but me. Girls aren’t supposed play dirty games in secret corridors until high school, and Ryan Brosh–the closest thing to an authority figure in that cave–was taking advantage of her innocence and disregarding the two vital years between them, first with this question, later with a kiss.
“What do you mean?” Mara asked. “I like animals...”
“Well... what can a boy do to get you excited?”
She pursed her lips to the side. The longer she considered her answer, the more I wanted to vomit on Ryan’s face.
“Sincerity,” she said.
Ryan nodded. “Interesting response. I like that.”
I looked to Mara to exchange our usual glance–the rolled-eyes, quiet rapport that discretely declared us as “friends”–but Mara didn’t reciprocate.
Instead, she looked at Whit.
And Whit looked back at her.
“Who’s next?” I blurted, a subconscious attempt to snuff the exchange.
“Mara’s turn, Mara’s turn, Mara’s turn!” said Kimmy.
“Me?” she asked.
“Yes, silly!”
Starting on her left, Mara chanted, “Eeny, meeny, miny, moe...” 
“You’re such a geek.” Kimmy said.
“...catch a spider by its toe.”
“A spider?” A.J. asked.
“If it wiggles let him go. Eeny, meeny, miny...” Mara paused for dramatic effect, “...Moe! Haley!”
Haley covered her eyes. “Do I hafta?”
“Everybody hasta,” Ryan said.
“I’ll pick dare...”
“The first dare of the night!”
Livy and Kimmy giggled and toppled in the circle.
Mara perked. “Okay, okay, I got one! Haley, have you ever seen an R rated movie?”
“Laaame-ooo,” said Ryan. 
“What’d I do wrong?”
“First of all, that’s not a dare. Second of all, it’s lame!”
“It’s spposta be dirty,” added A.J.
“Fine!” Mara said. “Haley... stick your finger in your ear... then lick it!”
Livy and Kimmy looked at each other with astonishment.
Ryan slipped his arm around Mara’s back, so far that his hand emerged on her other side. “Mara, honey, this is Truth or Dare, not recess.”
She growled. “Uhg! Haley Jenson... kiss Whitney... on the lips.”
The “ooos” rose again like a sitcom’s live studio audience. Livy and Kimmy provided a drumroll on the wooden floor.
Haley looked to me (in the moment, I interpreted her sorrowful gaze as a look of disgust; today, I wonder if she was trying to apologize for the impending betrayal). She crossed the gap on hands and knees and Whit closed his eyes to cage his bewilderment. Haley leaned forward. The group held a collective breath... and she pecked him on the lips.
“Hey Whit,” Ryan called. “Is that a banana in your pocket, or do you just like Haley?”
We laughed. A.J. and I applauded our friend while the girls patted Haley’s back as she returned to her seat.
“Simmer down, children,” Whit said. “Show’s over. It’s my turn and I choose Mara.”
“What gives? Whitney.” Kimmy put her hands on her hips, jabbing me in the gut with her boney elbow. “There are other girls here too, ya know.”
Whit ignored her. “Mara? Truth or dare?”
“Truth!” she said.
He didn’t hesitate. “Out of the four boys in this room, who’s the cutest?”
She scowled. “That’s a mean question! You’re all cute!”
“But who’s the cutest?”
Shedding twelve pounds wasn’t enough to make me “cute.” I could lose fifty pounds and never compare to Ryan “Junior Varsity” Brosh.
“I mean it,” Mara said. “You’re all cute in different ways. I like the look in A.J.’s eyes when he’s being kind.” She squeezed the necklace on her chest. “James has this funny face he makes when he writes. It’s totally adorable and reminds me of the insides of a grandfather clock. He focuses so hard that his forehead wrinkles and his eyes get all tight.” She mimicked the look and everyone laughed.
“Dead on!” Whit said.
“Whitney is just...” She studied his face. “...different.”
“Different?” he said.
Different? I thought.
“In a good way,” she said and tapped his knee.
“I’ll take it!”
She turned to Ryan. “And you look like a movie star!”
He smiled. (I swear I saw his teeth glisten.) “Guess that means I win!”
Livy was next. “I’m gonna hafta pick...” She fiddled with the rainbow beads in her hair. “...Ryan!”
“Sa-weet!” he said and thrust his fists into a victory pose.
Livy’s neck retracted until her shoulders covered her cheeks and, for the first time, I noticed Mara’s blue polish on her fingernails. She released a nervous squeal as if she couldn’t believe she was really going to say what she was about to say. “Ryan Brosh... show us your butt!”
The girls feigned disgust. The boys covered their eyes.
“Gladly!” said the jock, then flipped to his knees, pressed his head against an exposed beam, stuck his rump in the middle of the circle, and pulled down his shorts.
I didn’t see Ryan’s ass, but I imagine it was a sculpted gift from the gods. My sister was certainly tickled by the sight.
When the laughter subsided, it was my turn. Set in my belief that “different” was the only way to win Mara’s affection, I ignored the instant gratification of physical contact and provided the poor girl a break from the onslaught of horny boys. Based on a hunch, I chose Whit.
“Truth,” he said and furrowed his brow.
Ryan sighed and leaned back on his elbows. “Lame.”
“When we were shooting the scene with the rowboat,” I said, “what were you and Mara laughing about?”
The truth was so benign that Mara had to help Whit remember their conversation. “Computers,” she whispered. “’Member?”
“Right!” Whit said. I was telling Mara about the operating system on my IBM PowerPC. She’s only seen computers in movies before the one in my room, so I answered her questions.”
“Whitney says we’re all going to talk through computers in the future. We won’t need phones! He can already send electronic messages to people.”
“I run a text-based program called PINE through Windows 3.1. I can even send and receive digitized pictures by connecting my internal modem to a file transfer protocol.”
The other girls gave requisite nods. 
Mara was enthralled. “Someday, James’ll be able to put his camera right into the computer so people can see him in China.”
“Why would anybody want to see me in China?” I asked, annoyed that my simple question revived their buddy-buddy rapport.
“She’s not saying you’d want to,” Whit said, “just that it’ll be possible in the future.”
“Spoiled brat...” muttered A.J.
“My parents like to support my talent. Some kids get hunting gear,” he pointed to Age, “some get orange balls to throw at hoops,” he pointed to Ryan, “and I got a computer.”
“You’re a geek,” Ryan jabbed.
Whit grinned and jabbed back. “Haven’t you heard the phrase, ‘Date the jocks but marry the geeks?’ You may be a ladies’ man now, Blue Eyes, but come see me in fifteen years.”
“How ‘bout you send me a digitized picture instead?”
“Deal.” The boys nodded their agreement.
It was time. A.J.’s turn was next and I remembered the twenty dollars and Ryan’s instructions. I wanted to end the game now, to pretend like I heard a parent to scatter the players or at least ruin the mood. But Ryan also recalled his deal with A.J. and announced, “It’s the skinny boy’s turn!”
The cavern pipes groaned above me as all eyes turned to Age.
“Ryan,” he said and the ground trembled.
As Ryan pretended to consider either truth or dare, the particleboard walls began to slide inward like the Death Star trash compactor. Was it my anger at Ryan Brosh that pressed sweat from my forehead pores? Or was it empathy for Mara? She didn’t fret the tedious lowering of pipes, the insulation cramming against her back, or the limbs of boys inching bit by bit into her personal space.
“Dare,” Ryan said.
Was A.J. really going to go through with it? Magazines, bins, and other loose artifacts began collecting at the corners of the constricting cavern. A metal duct cut into the back of my neck.
“Hmm...” A.J. said. “Kiss ‘er on the lips.”
Ryan grit his teeth. Wires dropped like nooses around our throats. “Kiss who on the lips?”
A.J. couldn’t say her name, but pointed.
And Mara smiled.
As the girl I loved spanned the orifice separating her from Ryan Brosh, I looked to my best friend to exchange looks of terror and disgust. Instead, Whit was watching the kiss. The world was crumbling around us, but Whit was fine–excited even–by the very thing that was crushing us alive. When I heard Mara’s lips smack against Ryan’s, Whit grinned.
I wanted to bolt from the collapsing tunnel like Indiana Jones from the spike-riddled cave, but time was gaining momentum and Mara was already back in her place, Ryan was lost in a state of Nirvana, and Kimmy was on her knees deciding who to pick. “Ryan!” she declared with obnoxious glee. “I dare you to kiss Livy!”
Oh Livy... I thought. She had propositioned Kimmy just like Ryan propositioned A.J.! 
He doesn’t like you! I wanted to scream. He likes Mara! Everyone likes Mara!
Ryan returned from his endless bliss from Mara’s kiss. He basked in the “ooos” and the “ahhs” of his underlings. He crawled with a swagger to my beaming sister, formed his lips into an exaggerated kissy-face, and planted them on hers.
To Ryan, the kiss was a complimentary mint after a steak dinner. 
Livy wouldn’t rinse her mouth for a week.

*  *  *

The walls returned to their static posts and the group disbanded; girls through the library hatch, boys to my bedroom.
A.J. made his twenty bucks. I made a new enemy.

*  *  *

12:50 AM.
“Double-dog dare ya.”
“Triple-dog.”
“If you do this, little man, I got a five-dollar bill in my pocket with your name on it.”
“Her room’s empty, bro! Your parents are asleep and the chicks are a hundred miles away.”
The high-schoolers surrounded me. I could smell the congested virility like cold broth.
 “They’re in the ballroom,” I said. “They could come downstairs any second.”
“They’re asleep!”
I shook my head. “I don’t think Mara even has a diary.” This was a lie. A dozen times I spotted Mara scribbling in a blue journal while pondering its poetry.
“Psht!” Ryan said. “Every girl’s got a diary.”
Whit forced himself between the males. He shook his head and mouthed, “No.”
“It has a lock!” I said.
Ryan pounced. “Ah ha! She does have one!” 
“Locks don’t matter,” said another kid. “Jon over there could bust into Fort Knox with a rusty paperclip.”
The ghosts from the end of Raiders couldn’t make me share Mara’s innermost feelings with these grunts (especially the grunt who locked lips with the girl only minutes ago). But if I wanted a chance to read her diary for myself, a group of savage perverts could provide a believable excuse for a broken lock...
“Forget it,” Ryan said. “I’ll do it.”
“No!” I blurted then looked to Whit for reassurance.
Again, he shook his head. But I was out of options. 
“There’s a set of walkie-talkies in my closet,” I said. “Ryan, stand guard in the parlor. If you see anybody, warn me.”

*  *  *

1:05 AM.
A key-ring flashlight was my only guide through the soft clutter of Livy’s bedroom. I trailed the dull beam across the beds and floor, revealing stuffed creatures with button eyes, a homemade kitten toy made from feathers and elastic string, and a scattered set of curlers like pink toilet paper tubes. I held my breath as I waded through my sister’s half of the room, then inhaled fully the essence and smells of Mara; a potpourri of Skittles, fabric softener, and impending rain.
The headset crackled in my ear. “You’re all clear, Red Five, but I sense movement upstairs. Find the secret diary and get the hell out.”
“Will do, Millennium One. Over and out.”
My light landed on the statue of Saint Michael on Mara’s nightstand shrine. I sat on her bed–mindful of the taut sheets and perfect creases–and slid open the top drawer.
It was too easy. The diary was alone, unlocked, and squared in the center of the drawer. I grazed the sapphire spine with my fingertips, afraid that–if I moved it too quickly–a giant boulder might burst from the closet door.
But then I was holding it. No traps had sprung. No secret force was binding the pages shut. As the book unfurled almost magically in my hands, I became unshakably aware of my youth as if the last two months had been an elaborate game of “house”: while I was writing about monsters and castles and sword fights–while I was reading Goosebumps and Boxcar Children books–Mara was etching her soul into the pristine pages of a diary.
“How we lookin’, Red Five? Any sign of that book?”
“Workin’ on it, Millennium One,” I whispered. “This room’s a mess. Could be anywhere.”
“Make it snappy. Over and out.”
I held the flashlight between my teeth.
The pages smelled like flowers. The outside corners were numbered with sparkly blue ink from a gel-pen. Mara wrote in cursive, never used apostrophes, and dotted her “i”s with hearts only if they appeared in a name. Half scrapbook, half journal, my fingertips traced the pages like braille; the curled corners of magazine articles, the rippled paste beneath each clipping, the lyrical indentations of a ballpoint pen on smooth parchment, and thin trails of backward cursive, raised like mole tunnels from the opposite page. There were notes and lyrics from a hymnal, snippets from Cosmo with tips to act like a lady (”Trim hair every six weeks, drink eight glasses of water per day, absolutely no junk food...”) and highlighted passages from books beyond my reading level. Petals from a yellow rose were pressed between the pages, staining her thoughts with a colorful Rorschach test.
Mara’s words were tucked between the collage; ongoing lists of favorite movies on page six, TV shows on nine, books on twelve, and baby names on fourteen.
On page twenty: “Aunty baptized me in the bathtub because she thought I was more interested in the alter boys than Jesus. Submersion again and I thought I would drown. That makes twelve.”
Page twenty-six: “Today I watched Bushy the Squirrel carry nuts to his tree. I bumped the window and he glared at me. When I moved, he ran away.”
Page twenty-nine: “I asked Aunty about my parents again. Big mistake. She said that, if theyre alive, theyre not looking for me. I think theyre alive. And probably nice. I pretend my mom is an actress. I pretend my dad owns a bakery downtown. I try to remember them, but it was so long ago.”
Page thirty-one was missing. I recalled the origami note that sparked the tussle with A.J. beneath Mara’s window and felt a privileged connection with the journal.
“Where are you, Red Five? We’ve got major giggling upstairs.”
“I’m searching the closet, Millennium One. Give me two minutes.”
“Roger.”
I flipped faster through the pages and scanned the longer blocks of text for my name.
“I hate being worried all the time. The feeling in my tummy never goes away.”
“They say they can find my real parents! I pray every night theyre alive. Maybe when they know Im pretty theyll want me back.”
“Today I met a black squirrel outside my new window! I named him Bushy Two. I like animals. They don’t seem to care.”
“James asked me to kiss him. I told him he’s like my brother. Was that mean? Pretty sure it was... but I dont need more boys trying to kiss me. We all remember what happened with Troy.” Etched in this entry’s thin margin was a drawing of a hill with a water tower on top. I ignored the image at first, its banal curve and lack of detail hardly distinguished it from the lovely litter of Mara’s doodles. But the hill reappeared again on page thirty-nine, then again on forty-one, then a dozen more times throughout the book, tucked between Mara’s words or trapped beneath layers of chicken-scratch hearts and stars. Each rendering was more detailed than the last until pine trees were surrounding the base like angry stalagmites and the water tower cast a penciled shadow that dwarfed a perimeter fence.
I read faster.
“Ryan replied to Livys note today. Says he might like her too. I feel sick.”
“I cried again tonight. The bullies bruised my neck, but I hid it from the Parkers. I know God wants me to forgive anyone who hurts me, but I will never forget what they did.”
“James and Whitney confirmed it: Im anything but normal.”
“I think he’s interested, no? Kitty is loving it; Kimmy eats with Haley in there.”
“I wish Livy knew how pretty she was.”
“Mrs. Parker yelled at me today but it was an accident. I was sucking on a yellow highlighter while marking my lines. She thought it was a cigar.”
“Kimmy kissed me on the lips today. I think she was aiming for my cheek.”
“Life is good. Wanna know why? I got a kitten!!! Her name is Dorothy and she’s perfect.”
“I had the dream again last night. The one with the hill and round building. When I woke up, they were calling me from the woods. Tried to tell Livy about it this morning, but she was too interested in my shampoo ingredients to listen.”
Page forty-nine contained a single, expansive entry. The word “James” stood out like spots on a cheetah and my eyes darted across the text.
“Dear Diary... ...busy making a movie with James!... ...having so much fun... ...hope James likes my acting... ...too young for these feelings?... ...said he liked me again today... ...Livys old enough, I should be too!... ...I know one thing for sure, ‘like’ is not a strong enough word for how I feel about them... ...both so sweet, especially James!”
Ryan’s voice was hushed but emphatic. “The girls say they need popcorn and more pillows. They’re sending Haley down with a list. You need to get outta there, Red Five.”
My breath quickened. I flipped the page and devoured every word.
“Help! I keep going back and forth! One is SUPER cute, but the other gets cuter every day. One is an amazing director, but the other is an amazing actor... ...so smart and funny... ...They both stare at me like the rest, but I dont think thats ever going to change–”
“She’s comin’!” Ryan screamed. “Get out!”
I slammed the book before I could finish, then dropped it in the nightstand drawer. As it fell, a petal slipped from the pages and fluttered to the ground. I picked it up, opened the book, shoved the flower back inside, slammed the drawer, then bolted from the room.

*  *  *

9:05 AM.
I awoke on the floor of an empty room. Pain struck my senses as I sat up; my very first hangover, the consequence of an overindulgence in Mara’s written words. Excerpts from that book intoxicated my thoughts and dreams as I puzzled over a world that I never imagined. Who was the girl with the pretty façade? Who was the girl who smiled so readily after a bully attack? Two months with Mara and I had been oblivious. She never expressed her hatred for bullies or frustration with my family. She never fretted over hygiene, showed concern for her real parents, proclaimed an interest in animals or books or babies...
Or Ryan. I saw the way they looked at each other. I heard their smacking lips. I sensed the ping of resentment every time Livy forced herself on him. But I believed her when she said that boys were gross. I made the stupid assumption that there were no contenders for her affection! Or if there were contenders, that I stood alone. I was the boy who saved her. I was the director who hired her! I listened. I cared. I strived to be different! What was Ryan Brosh but a basketball jersey, pretty face, and smacking lips?
I hoisted myself from the floor with the knobs on my nightstand drawers. I adjusted my shorts, checked the time, then wandered into the parlor. Whit was in his wheelchair at the bottom of the staircase. He was motionless, listening, neck stretched toward the open ballroom like a flower to the sun.
I waddled past him, rubbed my eyes, and looked up the stairs. The boys were arranged shortest to tallest on the top steps, eye-level with the rosy carpet, admiring the pastel pallet of girls on the ballroom floor. For the first time, I understood why Mara called them ‘ferrets.’ They were tenacious weasels, rabbit hunters, slender rodents with paws on the banister preparing to pounce. Zombie-ferrets, I thought. Ryan and Whit and Mrs. Greenfield too. All of them. All of them zombie-ferrets.
Of the nine boys who had spent the night, only one refused to look. Ryan Brosh was sitting on the middle step, face forward, hands together... different.
I locked eyes with my arch-nemesis. I scrutinized his pretty face. I coveted his lips. If Mara was going to chose between us, she was going to chose me.
But then he smiled. It was an unsettling smile; forced, as if fish hooks were pulling the corners of his mouth. He glanced down at his hands, then unclasped them slowly as if he was showing a toddler a captured insect. Trapped between his fingers was the pressed petal of a yellow rose.

*  *  *

Only minutes after I shooed the peeping toms from the stairs, boredom struck and spurred a second make-believe war. Armed with Nerf guns, pillows, water balloons, invisible bazookas and unlit torches from the night before, we overtook the front yard in a merciless free-for-all. Every boy claimed to fight for the kingdom, as if the tangle of sleeping beauties represented humanity itself. But in truth, we all fought for the same girl.


7. FAIRYTALE, PART III: THE FINAL SCENE

01 EXT. THE CASTLE OF THE EVIL PRINCE - DAY

THE MOVIE OPENS WITH DRAWINGS OF A LITTLE GIRL AND HER DAD. WHILE THE PICTURES FADE IN AND OUT, A NARRATOR WITH A DEEP VOICE TELLS THE STORY.

“Once upon a time, there was a young girl who lived a very happy life.” Dad’s voice had a nasally quality that I never imagine for the narrator, but with a month left until the Lakeshore Celebration Art Show, I was running out of options.
“Try it again,” I said, then slid the camera closer to his lips.
“What would you like me to change?” he asked.
“What do you mean.”
“You’re the director. Should I read it faster, slower–”
“Just... I dunno. Just try it again.”
Dad removed his bifocals, folded them, and placed them neatly on the dining-room table. He rubbed his fingers against his temples, stretching and releasing the creases in his paper skin, then repeated his lines for the eighth time.
The performance was worse, but it wasn’t his fault. I was distracted. My mind was stuck on Ryan’s declaration of war. He read Mara’s diary to get my attention. It worked.
As if Ryan wasn’t enough to divert brainpower away from my film, Mom, Mrs. Greenfield and Mara were having a “ladies night” in the library. My ears weren’t interested in the nuanced inflections of my father’s narration, they were itching for the seam around the library’s hatch.
“How was that?” Dad asked.
I removed my headphones and sighed. “Perfect.”
“If you want me to do it again–”
“Naw. I think we’re done for the night.” I stood, gathered my equipment and reached for the camcorder.
“James,” he said.
“Really, Dad. You did fine.”
“James,” he said again, calming my fluster with his pensive tone. “Let’s go for a drive.”

*  *  *

Traffic signals, storefronts and neon signs painted downtown Grand Harbor with primary streaks of light. The Dune Grass Grill was on my left; my father’s go-to joint for romantic dinners with Mom. Out the right window was a series of novelty shops interspersed with a make-your-own-jewelry shop, a music store, and The Grand Harbor Bread Co. In three weeks, Main Street would be overtaken with screaming children, tumbling hunks of colorful metal, and the unquenchable smell of fried batter.
“Son,” Dad said. “We need to talk.”
“What about?” I watched his glasses; the way they lifted when he crinkled his nose, the reflection of taillights in the right lens. Did he know about the game of Truth or Dare? Did he know about the diary?
“Remember the woman that Mara was living with when you found her?”
Was he serious? Ms. Grisham would follow me for the rest of my life. “What about her?”
“She’s been in county jail since the arrest. Nobody’s posted bail. Do you know what bail is?”
“I watch movies, Dad.”
“For two months she refused to talk about Mara; who she is, where her parents might be... but early this morning, Lydia opened up.”
“Lydia?”
“Lydia Grisham.”
Bestowing that witch a name made me queasy.
“They set the date of her trial yesterday; your mom thinks it scared her into a confession.”
I imagined the hag in a confessional, a cop–not a priest–listening through the lattice. “Wha’d she say?” I asked.
My father gave me a watered down version of the tale that evening, but with the advent of search engines, online public records and social networking sites, I’ve been filling in the blanks ever since.
To my horror, Lydia Grisham wasn’t a pedophile hermaphrodite with yellow eyes and snakes for hair, but a relatively normal English teacher at a South Florida elementary school. In 1966, she was recognized and awarded by the State for developing a unique system of teaching phonics that involved word repetition, silly nemonic devices and elaborate sign language. Former students not only describe her as “easygoing,” “patient,” and “beloved,” but they traced their understanding of the English language directly to her.
In 1972, Lydia married Donald Grisham, a hotel manager and entrepreneur. My internet research didn’t expound on the reasons for their divorce eleven years later, but sources suggest a one-two punch of infertility (on her part) and infidelity (on his).
It was church that helped Lydia overcome the pain. It was church where she first heard Mara’s voice.
The girl was four when her parents stuffed her into angel garb and debuted her gift at the annual Christmas pageant. (She had parents. “The Landons” my father told me; a name so human–so tangible and permanent–it sucked the light from Mara’s ethereal veneer.) Standing among the heavenly hosts–above the kings and shepherds and cardboard stables–Mara sang Away in a Manger. I lived twelve-hundred miles from the tip of Florida when that tiny voice shook the walls of that holy chamber, but the memory is vivid nonetheless.
The song brought Lydia to her knees. It was there–folded before the nativity–that she hatched her plan. As the congregation dried their tears and mingled toward the exits, the divorcee approached Mara’s parents, introduced herself, and claimed to be a vocal coach. Her services would be free... for such a special little girl.
For three months she maintained the ruse, inviting the family into her home, faking her way through music theory, relishing every moment with that darling child.
Despite my best efforts, I’ve been unable to locate a police report to pinpoint the date of the kidnapping. In her confession, Ms. Grisham placed their departure from Florida in March of 1986. She provided no insight into her motives for taking the child, but explained that Mara’s face was recognizable, not only to those who knew her, but to those who glimpsed her on the street, in a photo, staring out her bedroom window. Michigan was an arbitrary decision, but provided the distance and seclusion needed to begin a new life.
When a year passed without word of a missing girl in Florida, Lydia made a downpayment on a home, began attending mass at a church in Grand Harbor, and raised Mara as her niece. With her insider knowledge of the public school system, she was able to enroll the girl in first grade without drawing unwanted attention.
I was so involved in my father’s retelling of Ms. Grisham’s confession that I hardly noticed we stopped at the State Park. The stars were visible above the lake. The lighthouse beam illuminated, in bursts, the sea of undulating ink.
“What a wacko,” I said, then supplemented my childish reply with, “I can’t believe Mara had to go through that.”
“Your friend is learning to trust people again. She may not remember her time in Florida, but the experience of being kidnapped can stick with a person for the rest of their life.”
“What about...” The ramifications of my next question clotted in the back of my throat. “What about her parents? Now that we know who they are... are they gonna take her back?”
Dad adjusted his torso awkwardly beneath his seatbelt, then took my shoulder. “James, Mara’s parents are dead.”
I admit it here, in writing: grief was not my first emotion. Like a cruel game of tug-o-war, relief made the first pull. My competition was dead! Mara would be my permanent sister! Then I remembered her diary (”I pray every night that theyre alive”) and empathy jerked back.
“They died in a car accident,” Dad said, “a year after the kidnapping.”
“That’s horrible...”
“Mr. Anderson is looking into Mara’s extended family. From what he told your mother, the Landons are a mess.”
My mind whirred with new implications. I nodded.
“It might be a tough few days for your friend, James. You need to stand back from the situation to determine what she needs.”
“What do you mean?”
“You need to gauge Mara’s feelings; does she need to talk? Does she needs to be alone? Sometimes she might tell Livy or Mom things that she can’t tell you. You need to respect that. Do you understand?”
I nodded. Dad’s advice, fairly stated, broadened my chest and quashed the games in my head. I crossed my legs and traced the lid of a coffee cup with my finger. “When are you going to tell her?” I asked.
Dad gazed at the light pulsating against the pier. “Mom told her tonight.”

*  *  *

20 INT. CATHEDRAL - DAY

THE GIRL HAS FINALLY GROWN UP. HER ADVENTURE IS OVER AND SHE KNOWS THE TRUTH.

IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FANCY CHURCH, SHE LIGHTS A CANDLE AND CRIES.

My camera was still except for the mechanical whirr of the tape in the chamber. The lens was wide, capturing The Girl like a rag doll among the cathedral’s polished floors, epic columns, and mezzanine rim. Above the row of candles, a plaster wall was ablaze with the blurred form of a dove inside a broken rainbow; a gift from the stained-glass window on the opposite wall.
Dominique watched from the crook of the confessional. His excitement was evident only in his reverence.
Less than a foot from the camera frame, Father Stevenson observed my equipment and crew. His spine was rigid like the vertical beam of the cross and his arms were bound by an invisible straightjacket.
I could smell my mother behind me doused in perfume and powder, a sanctimonious attempt to conform to the standards of The House of God.
Whit was the fifth witness, erect in his chair, clenching the boom, watching as liquid formed in Mara’s eyes.
Gently, the girl pinched a candle as if the shaft was a flower stem, plucked it from the brass stand, and held the flame to a new wick.
I studied the fire in her eyes; the anger, the hurt, the madness that normally manifests itself in bubbles of snot, beaten pillows, or terrible cries in the dark.
Hair down, face sealed in a dusty veneer, Mara pressed both candles among a garden of flaming sticks. She knelt before them–the candles, the smeared dove on the wall, her God–and she wept.
I zoomed into her profile. Her head was bowed. The balled-fist of a prayer was clenched beneath her chin. A single tear shattered the fragments of light and shadow, carved a path through the mud on her face, and dropped from her cheekbone to the marble floor.
Behind me, my mother sniffled. Whit risked the boom’s stability to wipe his eye. Father Stevenson relinquished his stoicism, nodded, and crossed himself once.
When I was certain that I had captured the final shot of my film, I whispered, “Cut,” and let the sanctuary breathe.
Mara inhaled once, hard, then popped up her head, raised her smile–teeth and all–and relaxed her shoulders. Her eyes glimmered their brilliant blue. The tear was gone.
“Holy smokes,” she exclaimed. “How’d I do?”

*  *  *

“Ryan?”
“Who’s this?”
“It’s Red Five.”
“James? It’s after eleven. Mom’s gonna have my ass.”
“The movie’s finished. We shot the last scene this morning.”
“That’s cool, little dude, but it’s an hour passed my phone curfew.”
“I wanted to thank you for your help on my film. You made a great evil prince. But I won’t be needing you anymore.”
The receiver fell silent as Ryan Brosh considered his next move. “You need help editing the footage.”
“I’ve got several weeks until the Lakeshore Celebration. I’m pretty sure Whit and me can handle it.” I twirled my finger through the phone cord.
“There’s gotta be somethin’ I can help with–”
“I talked to my parents. They said there’s no reason you need to come over if the movie’s finished.”
“I’ll–”
“You’re invited to the screening, of course. Mara’s excited; she won’t stop talking about it.”
“I’m–”
“I’m looking forward to it too, Mr. Brosh. G’night.” Softly, I returned the phone to its cradle.


8. THE ZOMBIE-FERRETS STRIKE BACK

“She’s focused. She knows what she likes. She doesn’t talk too much–”
“Mara?” I exclaimed and blinked hard. “She talks all the time!” I blinked again. Four hours in Whit’s room and my eyes were still watering from the stench of cheap cologne.
“She listens to me rant about computers. She likes video games–”
“You wish! Mara likes books and movies, not Metroid and Zelda.”
“Then why did Ms. Grisham get her a Nintendo for her tenth birthday?”
I slouched in the chair and plopped my feet on the TV stand. Mara never told me about a Nintendo.
“She rocks at Duck Hunt,” Whit continued, “but she couldn’t figure out how the plastic gun knew where she was aiming.”
“I suppose you explained it to her.”
Whit pressed fast-forward on my camera. The fairytale war zipped across his nine-inch TV. The image was cut to pieces by lines of silver static. He pushed play just as a masked creature leapt into frame and a fireball exploded from the tip of its torch. “Cooking spray in an aerosol can,” he said. “Never thought I’d say it, but A.J. had a good idea.”
The dramatic whoosh of the fireball was muffled by the hum of the four-wheeler’s engine. “Blah.” I said. “We’re gonna need a lot of folli.”
“Folli?”
“Background sound. The torches, footsteps, sword clanks, rustling leaves...”
“Do you have any idea how much work that’ll be? We have three weeks to–”
“It’s gotta be perfect. Mara’s counting on me.”
Whit shrugged and paused the shot. “Keep or cut?” he asked, his pen hovering an inch above the production notebook.
“The fireball is killer,” I said. “Keep it.”
He scribbled a note, popped the cassette from the camera, placed it in the “finished” pile with two others, then grabbed a tape labeled “19” from the leaning stack of “to-dos.” He yawned.
“Wake up,” I said. “We can sleep when we finish the tapes.”
Whit ignored me and pressed play.
The pretty face of Ryan Brosh filled the screen. He was wearing makeup, but donned a basketball jersey instead of a costume. He looked at the camera, opened his mouth, and pretended to eat the lens.
I scoffed.
“Why do you hate him?” Whit asked.
I snatched a two-liter of Diet Coke from the floor and took a swig. “He kissed Mara.”
“Yeah. On a dare.”
“He likes her too.”
“Everybody likes her. You don’t get dibs on a girl just ‘cause you live in the same house.”
“This is different. Ryan–”
“–has muscles where you have lard?”
“I’m down fourteen pounds, scrotum-hugger.”
“I thought your goal was ten?”
“I’m at one-thirty-one. For my height, that’s still six pounds overweight.”
“So you’re gonna hate Ryan until you weigh one-twenty-five?”
I gave the bottle to Whit, leaned forward, and sighed.
“There’s somethin’ you’re not tellin’ me,” he said.
“Mara likes him back.”
“She told you that?”
“I read her diary.”
“I thought you said–”
“She says he’s a great actor. Says he’s funny and smart.”
Whit chugged the cola and wiped his lips. “She called him by name?”
“She says he’s super cute. Even wrote ‘super’ all uppercase.”
Whit winced as if my pain was his. “What are you gonna do?”
“I called him last night.”
“You called Ryan Brosh?”
“I told him we don’t need his help. Told him to stay away from my house.”
“You threatened Ryan Brosh?”
I smirked. “I felt like The Claw on Inspector Gadget.”
“It won’t be enough. He’s never gonna stop.”
“I told him off.”
“You pissed him off.”
I didn’t respond, but watched the TV as the mannequin fell along the castle brick. “Radical shot,” I said. “Keep it.”
Whit didn’t reply. Except for the ballpoint pen wobbling between his fingers, his body was frozen.
“Hey,” I said. “What’s wrong with you?”
He didn’t budge.
“Whitney Conrad!” I shouted and kicked his wheelchair.
“What?” he asked. The pen stopped bouncing.
“The shot, doofus. Mark it as ‘keep.’”
“Sorry.” He clicked the pen and jotted down the note.
I took another sip of caffeine and capped the bottle. “What a psycho.”

*  *  *

Saturday. Two days after my editing date with Whit and six days after Mara learned about her parents’ death, life was returning to the status quo: Dad was in the tower, Mom was in the kitchen, and I was alone in my woods.
A yawn pried at my cheeks but I tightened my lips and swallowed it. The midnight editing sessions were taking their toll.
Whit was gone, stuck at a last-minute sleepover with his computer camp friends. For a split second I wondered what those dweebs had that I didn’t... suspenders and tape on their glasses? I always imagined an army of white Steve Urkels with Whitney as their captain.
I wedged my camcorder in the elbow of a branch, then wiggled my shoe beneath the blanket of leaves to rustle up a log. I swiped a trio of rollie-pollies from the bark and rapped the fat stick with my knuckles; it was soft, damp, and hollow. Perfect.
I worked quickly without losing sight of the castle wall. I didn’t have time for another encounter with the bullies.
I aimed the microphone at the trunk of the nearest Maple, pushed record, twisted my waist with Ken Griffey Jr. precision, and wailed the soft log into the tree with a satisfying thud. I hit it again, then again, then placed the mic on the ground and beat the shredded stump against the leaves.
In the distance, a twig snapped. It was probably a squirrel, but I moved my work a few steps closer to the castle just in case.
The house was calmer without Bobby and Jake barreling through the corridors. After the “goober incident,” Mom called the agency and had the twins transferred to a family dedicated to difficult children. “Parent therapists” they’re called. I was sad to see them go, but with all the commotion around the house, it was probably for the best.
When the log was demolished, I scanned the brush for another instrument and discovered a broken chunk of cinderblock half-buried in the dirt beside the house. The dull clank of stone-on-stone would be a great sound effect for the battle sequence, so I turned the mic toward the castle wall, heaved the brick above my head–
–and music ruined the take. Ten feet up, Livy’s bedroom spewed the catchy yammer of I Saw the Sign by Ace of Base. I stepped back, furrowed my brow, and stared at the second-story window.
I cupped my hands like a megaphone, but just before I could shout my sister’s name, I remembered that Livy was at Haley’s after a sleepover.
It was Mara’s music. I stood on tip-toes to better hear the song.
The view was no better from three steps back, nor ten. The window only reflected the apparitions of tree branches and sky.
Twelve steps back and my shoulder blades kissed a tree. I inspected the branches for climb-ability, but even André the Giant wouldn’t be able reach the lowest limb without a step-stool.
An abnormal protrusion caught my eye at the back of the trunk. It was lighter than the bark, the size of my hand with square edges... a piece of two-by-four. A nail in the center confirmed my fear and I looked up. Five more pieces of wood were ascending the trunk. They were rungs.
“Woohoo!” My father’s voice seemed miles away, yet loud enough to hear over Mara’s radio. “Beth!” he squealed. “Grab the kids and get up here!”
I didn’t realize that Mara’s light was on until it flicked off. I snatched my camera, forgot about the makeshift ladder, and bolted inside.

*  *  *

Mara and I scampered side-by-side up the spiral staircase. Mom waddled across the ballroom, apron around her waist, with a ladle in her right hand and Fantasia in her left. Her sliver of smile said, “I love my husband, but thank the birds it’s over!”
Dad’s head poked over the balcony ledge. His binoculars smacked the rail but he didn’t care. “Where’s Livy? Get Livy! And hurry up!”
Before Mom could respond, Dad was back inside the tower, whooping and hollering as if Barry Sanders had just scored a touchdown.
Mara touched the top step a split second before me. Panting, she smacked my chest and said with a grin, “Beat ya!”
The tower smelled like salted urine thanks to the open can of artichoke hearts beside Dad’s chair. He was standing at the floor-to-ceiling window, binoculars in hand, pointing to the lake like a toddler who just learned to say the word “airplane.” “Two of them,” he said. “Male and female.”
Mara and I stood between Dad and the window and pressed our noses against the glass. In the distance, two specks hung motionless between lamb-tail clouds and the placid lake.
“Kinda small,” I said.
Mara didn’t speak. On the window, a vapored imprint developed around her hand.
Mom finally arrived with the baby and used the ladle to brush a curl of hair from her eye. “Whew,” she said, then used her foot to slide the can of artichoke juice toward the stairs. She took her place beside her husband and squinted.
“They’re magnificent,” he said.
“I don’t see ‘em,” she said.
I pressed my finger against the glass. “See those tiny specks? That’s them.”
“They’re kinda small,” she said.
Dad sighed.
“Mr. Parker,” Mara said. “Can I try the glasses?”
In one fluid motion, Dad unhooked the binoculars from his neck as Mara raised her hand to accept them. She pinned them between the window and her brow, then peered inside.
I remembered the camera at my side and turned it on. “Think they’ll come closer?” I asked.
“Shh,” Mara said.
I scowled playfully, but she didn’t see. Her eyes were enamored with the binoculars. “What are they called?” she asked my father.
“They’re Bald Eagles,” he said, matching her revenant tone.
“I mean... what are they really called?”
Dad cleared his throat. “Haliaeetus leucocephalus.”
“Haly-aytus luco-cefalis...” Mara’s voice disappeared into whispered awe. “They’re magnificent.”
Mom bounced Fantasia and blew a bubble in the baby’s tummy.
I twisted the zoom and focused on the specks a hundred miles away. I respected the creatures; they were graceful, majestic and a neat symbol for our country. But despite my patience–despite my twelve-year-old need to operate on the same level as my father–I never felt the joy that held him captive for days at a time in that tower.
For ten minutes we watched the animals soar. When the excitement waned, I lowered my camera and turned my attention to Dad. He wasn’t watching the eagles, but the intensity in Mara’s eyes.
Mom rubbed his back. “The baby’s getting fussy,” she said and pecked his cheek. “I’m proud of you.”
He kissed her forehead. “Take care of Fantasia. I’ll make lunch for the kids.”
When Mom was gone, Mara gave the binoculars back to Dad. “Thanks, Mr. Parker,” she said, her finger twirling a thread on her loose-fitting tee. “That made my day.”
“Mine too, sweetheart.” Dad slipped the binoculars into their sheath, then turned around and squinted through the rear window and into the woods.
“What is it?” I asked.
“Looks like we have some fellow birdwatchers.”
My heart sunk between my stomach and bowels. I closed my eyes and prayed to all things sacred that the kids were A.J. or Trent or Danny or Ryan; somebody who was already obsessed; somebody I could manage.
I took the binoculars, held them to my eyes, and sifted the view through the timber and green. Sure enough, three boys stood frozen beside that bastard tree. They weren’t bullies. They were new.
“Woohoo!” It was Livy. Her exhilaration shook the tower’s foundation.
Mara and I exchanged a confused glance. She shrugged.
“Yeehaw!” Livy cried again from the base of the ballroom stairs. “Guess who’s got a boyfriend!”

*  *  *

I once stared for an hour at Dad’s humming-bird feeders, watching the tiny creatures zip from bottle to bottle, tree to tree, never stopping for more than a millisecond before fluttering away.
“When I gave him the note, he wasn’t ready for a relationship.” Livy zipped to her bedroom, dropped her duffle on the mattress, then fluttered back through the parlor with an armful of dirty clothes. “But that was three months ago and now he totally changed his mind!”
Mara swiveled on the piano stool. I leaned against the keys with a clatter of high-pitched tones.
Livy blew past us and into the kitchen. She opened the dumbwaiter door and shoved her laundry into the pit (a basket would catch her clothes at the bottom). “I knew it,” she said as she skipped back to her room. “That day in the library; I was putting his makeup on and he looked at me and said, ‘This is so cool.’ He was talking about the house, but the way he said it... it was like he was telling me that I was cool.” She was practically dancing as she gathered her second armful of clothes. “Haley’s totally wiggin’ out. She was all, ‘You’re like a black Kim Bassinger and Ryan’s like Alec Baldwin.’”
Mom slunk from her bedroom and quietly closed the door. “How that baby gets a wink of sleep in this house, I’ll never know.” She came up behind me and brushed the part in my hair. “Are Ryan and Livy ‘a thing’ now?”
I was too livid to respond; too busy ruminating about Mara’s internal dialogue as my sister gloated about their mutual crush.
Livy ignored Mom’s presence and used her feet to sort a pile of shirts in her doorway. “Do you think he’ll be embarrassed ‘cause I’m younger? Will it be weird for him to tell his friends that he’s dating an eighth-grader?” She found a suitable shirt and stepped behind her door. “I mean, it’s not weird for me. At school I’ll be all like, ‘No, my boyfriend doesn’t go here; he’s in high school.’ Eeee!” She reemerged in the new tee, tucked the hem in her purple shorts, and bounded across the parlor to Mara. “I need a makeover, Mara Lynn. And you’re my gal!” Livy searched for a smile in her friend’s petrified expression. Then she remembered. “Aww, man,” she said. “I’m such a jerk.” She knelt down and smoothed Mara’s hair. “How’ve you been feelin’?”
“I’ve been fine, silly,” Mara said. “I’m so excited for you.”
Livy touched Mara’s chin. “Remember what I told you, hon. Focus on your new family and never forget they love you. And take it from me: amazing adoptive parents are better than crappy biological parents any day of the week.”
The next series of interactions played out in slow motion. Mara touched Livy’s wrist. Her lip raised just enough to suggest a half-hearted thank you, then returned to complacency. She braced her hand on the piano’s ledge and inadvertently pressed a low “D” that reverberated as she stood. “I forgot to clean Dorothy’s litter box,” she said.
Livy looked at Mom.
Mara turned and walked downstairs.
“What was that all about?”
Mom hugged Livy in the folds of her marinara-stained apron. “Give her time, sweetheart,” she said. “And tell me all about your special friend.”
Within minutes, Livy had resumed her animated rant. Dad joined us moments later. The giddiness from the eagle sighting was still evident in his stride. He made a crack about his princess being “all grown up,” then questioned her about the intentions of her “evil prince.”
As my sister assured her inquisitors she was old enough to date, I wandered to the mirror between Livy’s room and my own. I studied my physique through a frame of etched roses, quietly scrutinizing flat moles that peppered my neck and eyes that would never be so blue.
“Ryan and his dad are practicing parallel parking tonight,” Livy said. “They’re gonna stop by to say ‘hi.’”
I watched my parent’s skepticism through the mirror. With any luck, they’d figure out that Ryan Brosh was a villain and file an immediate restraining order.
“I have a boyfriend with a learner’s permit!” Livy said. “The girls are gonna freak!” She stopped dancing and met my gaze through the looking glass. “Oh, and James?”
“What.”
“I’m supposed to tell you that if you ever need help editing your movie, Ryan would love to give you a hand!”
Before I could feign gratitude, the doorbell rang.
“What now?” Dad asked.
A woman’s voice crooned from below. “Yoo hoo!”
In the master bedroom, Fantasia cried.
“Not a moment’s peace in the Parker home,” Mom said and the bell rang again.
Dad veered toward the kitchen. “Who’s ready for lunch?”
Livy bounced to the bedroom to check the baby. Mom took the stairs to the foyer and answered the door.
I ran to the top step and sat where they couldn’t see me. Mom’s voice was muffled, though I could hear every word from the trio of ladies.
“Good morning, dear!” said the first.
“Oh,” said another. “What a lovely home!”
“You must be Mrs. Parker,” said the third. “My name is Betsy Hamilton–”
“We call her Hammy for short.”
“And this is Sara Louise–”
“Lovely to meet you, Mrs. Parker.”
“–and this is Samantha Fitzgerald.”
“You can call me Sammy. Sammy and Hammy! What names for a coupla geezers, eh?”
I could only hear the cordial tone of my mother’s reply.
“We heard–”
“–through the grapevine–”
“That a lovely young lady was... what’s the word?”
“Transferred.”
“Transferred to your home after that witch lost custody.”
Son of a bitch, I thought.
“Is the pretty young thing at home? We made her favorite scones!”
Mom’s voice was sympathetic with a touch of condescension.
“Oh, but we’ll only stay a moment!”
“We have ideas–”
“So many ideas!”
“–to help little Mara pursue her gifts.”
“Our church choir traveled to Paris, you know.”
“We already spoke with Pastor Stevenson and he loves the idea!”
“Chuck Masterson... do you know Chuck? He has a friend in the recording business. Says that if we get started now, we can produce a Christmas album in time for the holidays.”
“Talented young people are so hard to find these days.”
I scooted a step closer and lowered my head, but Mom’s words were impossible to decipher.
“Heavens!” replied one of the women.
“Lydia Grisham was a... what’s that word?”
“Psychopath.”
“That’s right, a psychopath. She was controlling and sadistic–”
“–and disrespectful to that child.”
“But we can’t let the mistakes of a loon ruin it for the rest of us. Mara must be shared! Not just with some old church-ladies, but with the world!”
Mom’s next reply was loud and clear. “I’m sorry, ladies, but today is not a good day for a visit.”
“Perhaps a later date then; to babysit, perhaps!”
“Betsy was a foster parent too, you know.”
“Only three years, but enough to empathize with your situation.”
“She did it for the kids.”
“I did it for the kids.”
The door creaked. Mom replied with controlled etiquette. “I’ll be glad to tell Mara that you stopped by, but I’m afraid–”
“Tell her that Sara Louise is here. That’ll get her out of her hole!”
“We made her favorite scones!”
“If she could just sing for us, we’ll be outta your hair in a jiff. Just one song.”
“One verse!”
“Even a stanza or two!”
Mom’s discomfort was apparent in her voice. “I’m sorry ladies–”
“How much would it cost to persuade you to open this door?”
“We have sixty-five dollars between us.”
“Daniel!” Mom yelled. “Daniel!”
Dad poked his head from the kitchen. “Somebody calling me?”
I gasped, stood, nodded furiously, then pointed to the foyer.
A thump. A slam. “James!” Mom yelled again. “Get your father!”
Dad bolted across the parlor and ran down the steps.
I followed halfway, heard another crash, and watched through the rail as a tapestry of wrinkled flesh and purple hats spilled across the foyer floor.
“Call the police,” Dad said and helped one of the woman off the ground. Scones littered the ground.
“We’re leaving,” said one woman.
“You’ll hafta forgive Sammy,” said another. “She can be a bit pushy–”
“Out,” said my father.
“But–”
He growled. “Get out of my home.”
And when they were gone, he slammed the door behind them.

*  *  *

What if real life doesn’t follow comic-book rules? This new concept struck me hard as I assembled my mission in the cave, arranging the walkie-talkie and baby monitor on the cardboard box that served as my command center.
There was no doubt that Mara’s superhuman power had real stakes in my life, but in the back of my mind, had I been treating our misadventures like a kid’s movie? The Goonies, Back to the Future, Big, The Neverending Story, films where kids live as undercover spies, superheroes, time travelers, or the sole link to alien life. In these flicks, parents rarely discover the truth about their children’s secret world. They’re oblivious at best; bumbling villains at worst. Not only do they represent logic, reason, and a total lack of imagination, they serve as a direct link to cops, courts and the faceless scientists who tried to hurt E.T.
The only adults who share the plight of children are crazy old people: Doc Brown, Kesuke Miyagi, Scatman Crothers from The Shining... or Ms. Grisham and her cronies.
I pressed the Indiglo button on my watch and my wrist blossomed with teal light. It was 7:39; six minutes before Ryan Brosh would swoop in to woo my sister with his parallel-parking abilities. 
He wouldn’t stay in the car, not when he could rub his brilliant scheme in my face. But I had a plan.
I double-checked the baby monitor. The other half was hiding in the basement beside the unfinished guest room where Mara spent quality time with Dorothy. I could hear her through the speaker, playing with her cat and softly anticipating Ryan’s arrival.
I adjusted the volume on the monitor, then set it down and picked up the walkie-talkie. The other headset was stuffed inside the floral arrangement on the dining-room table. For now, I could only hear the TV as my father relaxed in the living room and my sister paced the kitchen.
So far, the movie conventions were holding true in real life. Responsible adults were too busy consuming the drama of O.J. Simpson’s bloody glove, debating the proclamation of “Read my lips!,” or shedding tears for Rwanda. But what if adults did infiltrate our story? They wouldn’t see Mara as The Prettiest Girl in the World, but as a potential rape victim, a serial killer’s skin pajamas, a science project about the existence of pheromones, or undeniable proof of God. They wouldn’t hurt her the way children might with sticks and stones and playground chants, they would dissect her with the unlimited power of “grownup.” Their intent would not be to love her, but to protect her, to use her, to distill her magic into age-defying makeup or the perfect highway billboard. Experiments would not consist of torn yearbook photos or lake-side interviews, but of scientific methods, straightjackets, and insanely long needles. Instead of a little Mexican boy crossing himself at the utterance of her name, grownups were crusaders awaiting their Helen of Troy. Religious leaders would argue about which god bestowed in Mara the power of infinite beauty.
Could the most beautiful girl in the world stay hidden forever? What if Mara’s secret identity didn’t stay a secret? What if the grownups found out?
I was working on my twenty-fifth sit-up when the doorbell rang and the walkie-talkie exploded with Livy’s “Eeee!” The excitement tapered as Mom and Dad followed her down the stairs and out the front door... but Mara stayed in the guest room with Dorothy.
Why didn’t she race outside to see Ryan? Did she have another plan? Mara knew she needn’t feign interest in automobiles to win the heart of Ryan Brosh; perhaps she was letting Livy believe–for as long as possible–that her boyfriend was real.
Although I longed to tear Ryan’s eyes from their soft sockets, I knew a confrontation would make me look stupid in front of Mara. So when the show in the driveway concluded and the pretty-boy ferret was upstairs with my sister, I clenched the walkie-talkie to my ear and stayed put.
Livy wasn’t allowed in the bedroom with a boy. Like I suspected, she and Ryan settled in the dining room as Mom and Dad made their presence known in the kitchen with the exaggerated clanking of pans.
I placed bets with myself on how long it would take Ryan to ask about Mara. It wouldn’t be his first question (that would be too obvious), but the itch would grow quickly.
The walkie-talkie crackled like torn cellophane, but Ryan’s voice slid clearly through the transmission. “Where’s your little brother?” he asked.
Livy was slow to reply. I imagined her leaning back in the dining-room chair, balancing on the hind legs, dumbstruck by that cute conniver, doing her best to stay cool. “James is in bed,” she replied. “Said he wasn’t feeling well.”
Ryan gave a sympathetic groan. “Poor guy. I was hoping he’d show me a cut of the movie.”
“You did an awesome job driving tonight,” Livy said.
“My instructor says I’m a defensive driver. I told him it’s ‘cause I play basketball.”
The phone rang and created a momentary rift in the conversation. Mom must have picked up, because it didn’t ring again.
“Where are the twins?” Ryan asked.
Clever. He was asking about the rest of the family first so it wouldn’t look suspicious when he finally asked about Mara.
“With a new family,” Livy replied, then lowered her voice until it was barely audible. “Mom had them transferred after Bobby pulled out his... you know what.”
“Whoa,” Ryan said. “Strict parents! I thought little boys are always whipping out their dongs.”
Livy giggled. “Guess it was the last straw.”
In the silence that followed, I pictured my sister leaning forward, quietly implying to Ryan that a quick kiss on the cheek would go unnoticed by our hovering parents. I pictured Ryan too, tapping his foot against the table, itching to find the girl he actually came to see.
“So...” Livy said, “your dad is cool with waiting in the car?”
“He’s fine.” Ryan said. “I sent him to Walmart to kill time. Where’s Mara?”
And blastoff!
“M-Mara...?” The static did little to hide the pain in my sister’s voice. “I’m not sure. She’s been spending a lot of time in the basement.”
“How’s she been? With her parents dying and all...”
“They died a long time ago, silly.”
“Right. But it’s still sad. She’s taking it well?”
“She’s... fine. Great even. It’s kinda weird.”
“We should all go out sometime. Bowling, maybe shoot some hoops.”
“Yeah.”
“After all, I need to show off my...” he lowered his voice for dramatic effect, “new girlfriend!”
Just as Ryan had planned, Livy’s excitement at the word “girlfriend” distracted her from the implications of his next question: “Can I use the restroom?”

*  *  *

Unlike the discrete walkie-talkie, the baby monitor had to be tethered to a wall socket for power. I pictured the device tucked inside the exercise basket outside the unfinished guest room, and prayed to Mara’s saints that the little red light was hidden from view.
“Hey,” Ryan said. His voice was far away so I pressed the corrugated plastic against my ear.
“Hey,” Mara replied.
“Good evening, Ms. Dorothy,” he said to the cat.
She replied in the kitten’s voice. “Well, hello there, Mr. Ryan!” I winced at Mara’s easy effervescence and the couple’s playful banter. Her silly impersonation of the cat evoked our connection the morning she played dress-up for me. Jealousy burned in my chest like the coil of an electric stove; I longed to strangle Ryan Brosh with the same passion that longed to touch Mara.
“She looks more healthy every day,” he said. “You must be a good mommy.”
A bell jangled; an audible indication he was petting the cat. “It’s nice having a furry animal around when bad things happen.”
“Bad things?” Mara asked.
“Your parents. I heard about the accident.”
“Oh.”
“If you ever need somebody to lean on...” This kid was one rotten cliché after another.
“You’re sweet,” she said. “I’m just glad I learned about it here. The Parkers are super supportive.”
I sensed Ryan’s internal debate: I don’t want Mara to think I’m obsessive. How long have I been down here? Livy’ll think I’m pooping. Maybe just a minute longer? I should really go back upstairs... But walking away from Mara was like breaking your ankle to escape a bear trap. Ryan wasn’t the only kid battling urges, my knuckles were white around the overhead pipe.
“How are– and Whit?”
Mara and Ryan were moving deeper into the guest room and away from my bug. I twisted the volume knob to catch Mara’s reply, but she sounded like she was talking into a plastic jug. “–ood, I –uess.”
Dangit, darnit, son of a bitch!
“Those boys– perverts,” Ryan said.
Mara laughed. “Why?”
“Whenever we –ang out, they’re always talkin–”
Static. I shook the monitor.
“–if they had you all to themselves.”
“–doesn’t sound like them. What did–”
“–really shouldn’t say. –words I would never say in front of a girl. Let’s just say– be normal if they were– high school.”
I let go of the pipe, dropped the monitor to the cardboard control panel, and sat up so quickly that I bashed my head on the pipe I just released. Ryan was a liar!
But I couldn’t tell Mara the truth or she’d know I was spying.
“On– night of the party, James– bragging– read your diary. –guess– pretty desperate.”
Ryan crossed the line. I couldn’t fix the damage, but I could make sure he never did it again.
I wiggled through the tunnel of pink insulation. Just as my hand touched the bedroom hatch, my mother’s voice broke loud and clear over the dining-room walkie.
“That was Norma on the phone.”
Norma was Mrs. Greenfield. My palm froze on the smooth wood as I considered my options.
“I suppose you told her,” Dad replied.
“She thinks we need a restraining order.”
I twirled around on all fours, crawled back to the cardboard box, and grabbed the headset. I could exact my revenge later.
“Against three old ladies?” Dad said. “Sounds a little drastic.”
“Norma overreacts, but how do you think we should handle this?”
“For now, we keep her inside and stick to the original plan. If the demented Golden Girls come back, we call the police and let them handle it.”
“They’re despicable,” Mom said. “Born-again psychos.”
“Now who’s overreacting?”
“You didn’t see the film reel.”
“We don’t know they were the same women.”
I held the monitor to my left ear and the walkie to my right. Despite my efforts to separate the conversations in my mind, the words merged and mingled into a disorienting poem like watching TV with the radio on.
“–didn’t know you could draw.” Ryan’s voice was still choppy.
Mara replied, “I like to doodle.”
“Something’s wrong, David,” Mom said in my right ear.
“Beth?” Dad replied. “What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know... I can’t describe it.”
Ryan said, “–totally rad,” and shuffled noisily through a pile of paper. “Why– drawing– over and over again?”
“I just like it, silly,” Mara replied.
“What a weirdo. In a good way of course.”
“Honey?” Dad prodded Mom. “Did something happen?”
“I took her to the mall after we found out about her parents... thought it would be a nice distraction...”
“That was sweet.”
“No,” she said. “It wasn’t.”
“–just like basketball!” Mara said in my other ear. “Don’t you– the same shot over and– to get it right?”
“Good point,” Ryan replied. “–not a weirdo!”
Mom continued. “Every store we went to–every boutique and jewelry kiosk–I kept asking her if I could buy her anything. Over and over I pictured her in a certain dress, a special necklace, the perfect pair of high-heels... and she had to talk me out of it every time.”
“You just wanted to make her feel better–”
“If she didn’t stop me, I would have bought the mall.”
Ryan spoke again in my left ear. “Maybe I can give you a ride in my car sometime.”
“Aren’t you– Livy now?” asked Mara.
“Where do you think the urges came from?” asked Dad.
“Doesn’t mean– can’t hang together,” Ryan replied.
Livy’s voice joined the fray. “There you are, sneaky boy.”
“Hey there, cutie,” Ryan replied. “Just coming back up! Wanna chill with us, Mara?”
“I only know one thing for certain...” Mom’s voice trailed off.
“I should stay downstairs,” said Mara. “I need to change Dorothy’s litter box.”
“What is it, hon?” asked Dad.
“Your loss, weirdo!” said Ryan.
“Those women...” said Mom, “they’ll never stop.”

*  *  *

I was supposed to be editing.
Outside my window, the moon hung like a Christmas ornament behind the branches of a dead tree, painting my tapes, TV, and the tangle of cords in soft white light.
Editing was already a tedious process: studying the shot log, loading the corresponding tape, fast-forwarding to the moment of the first cut, pressing “play” on the camera and “record” on the VCR, watching the same take for the hundredth time, and pressing “stop” on both machines with careful timing. If I made a mistake, I had to rewind the VHS to the end of the previous shot, rewind the camera to the beginning of the botched shot, and start the process over again.
Thanks to Ryan Brosh, my mind had its own thirteen-inch TV, tangle of wires, and spastic rewind button as I processed both conversations again and again and again.
Liar. Perverts. Ferrets. Diary. She knew! What would she say?
Oddly, the bit of dialogue that bothered me most was Ryan’s fascination with Mara’s artwork. Although it was brief, Ryan had glimpsed a part of Mara that I had never seen before. His advantage was frustrating... but maybe I could level the playing field.
I waited until the parlor light vanished from the crack beneath my door, then tugged my nightshirt to cover my undies and abandoned my work in the moonlit room.
The basement was black. Something jabbed the arch of my foot and I swore. It was a Lego–a relic from the twins–and I swept it beneath the couch with my heel.
I tiptoed past the dumbwaiter and exercise equipment to the unfinished guest room. There wasn’t a door, only brass hinges and a burgundy curtain left over from the Red Room scene. Inside, a potpourri of cat turds and citrus spray tickled my nose. I found the pull-string, jerked it, and a twenty-five-watt bulb barely illuminated the white brick walls, concrete floor, and stack of moldy ceiling panels in the far corner. The burgundy curtain was actually a bed sheet we stapled to the rafters. It covered the door frame and half the guest-room wall. A bucket of crayons provided a welcome burst of color. Ten years old at least, their paper sheaths had been stripped by a hundred tiny hands; their brilliant colors defiled by specks of other hues.
Dorothy’s litter box was on the opposite side of the room. Beside it: a naked green cot with Mara’s artwork piled neatly in the center.
I snatched the pages. On top was a drawing of the hill. I flipped to the next page and there it was again, picture after picture of the ominous mound that I first discovered polluting Mara’s diary.
The curtain shifted and Dorothy slunk in. She meandered to the box, squatted, and watched me while she peed.
Some of the drawings depicted a stick figure beside the water tower. Sometimes there were two figures, a boy and a girl, arms reaching toward a blue line at the top of the page that represented sky. (Ryan told Mara the drawings were good. Either he was lying, or beauty was truly in the eye of the beholder.) In one picture, a flying saucer hovered above the hill. In another, an angel.
I was moderately shocked by the repetition of the drawings and Mara’s inherent obsession, though the concept was nothing new. Whit and I rented The Shining last year and covered our eyes as Mrs. Torrance scanned her husband’s repetitive novel, and Close Encounters was one of my all-time-favorite flicks. But there was darker than obsession in Mara’s drawings. For the first time, I realized the disconnect between the girl’s cheery personality and her inner turmoil. I missed it when I read her diary. I missed it when she so easily accepted the news of her parents death. But I saw it now–repressed outrage–evident in the hard-pressed lines of colorful wax.
Dorothy crossed the room, collar jingling with every off-beat step of her mangled paw, and rubbed her side against the curtain. As she pranced away, the hem of the fabric clung to a tuft of fur and revealed–for a split second–crayon on the hidden wall.
I dropped the pages on the cot, took five steps across the room, and peeled back the sheet. A blue ribbon of Crayola sky weaved above my head. Below it: a massive tapestry of Mara’s hill so large that I had to step back to take it all in. I jerked the curtain hard, popping the staples from the rafter. It billowed, then drifted to a puddle at my feet.
The stick-figure girl had been re-imagined on the wall. Her hair was a row of squiggly lines the same shade of yellow as the sun. Her legs were misshapen and disproportional to her awkward torso. Her arms were thrusting upward, beckoning what appeared to be a horse-drawn wagon among the clouds, swooping toward the girl with brilliant orange zig-zags blasting from the sleigh.
I backed up again and Dorothy shrieked when my heel caught the tip of her tail.
“Scat, kitty-cat!” I lifted my foot and she charged through the open door.
“Mara...” I muttered as I pondered the mural, “What the heck is going on.”

*  *  *

Mara Lynn was in my bed when I returned to my room. The moon that had been illuminating my workspace only minutes ago was now highlighting the summer-brown cheek of a twelve-year-old girl. The rest of her face and body blended in with the shadows and sheets. Her knees hugged her chest and stretched her cotton nightshirt.
A faint click and her finger glowed red. She was holding the baby monitor. I looked to the far wall. The hatch had been opened.
“Scat, kitty-cat?” she said.
The accusation barely sunk in; I was still reeling from the girl sitting on my bed; in the middle of the night; naked beneath that shirt.
“Shouldn’t you be editing?” she asked.
I released my grip from the doorframe and stepped inside. “Why were you going through my stuff?”
“There’s kids in the trees,” she said. “You weren’t in your bed, so I checked the Batcave. Then I heard the baby monitor and listened.” She turned off the device and tossed it to the floor.
I didn’t know which to address first, the zombie-ferrets outside our windows, the drawing of the hill and fiery wagon, or the possibility that Mara knew I was just as ferrety as the rest. “I didn’t read your diary,” I said.
“You think I’m crazy.”
“Huh?”
“You saw my drawings.”
I shrugged, grateful she wasn’t ticked about the bug or Ryan’s claim. “You’ve always been a little crazy,” I joked.
Mara didn’t respond, but hugged her knees and wiggled her toes.
My eyes were still adjusting to the darkness. As Mara’s face became clearer, I saw that her forehead was wet. Drenched. Instinctively, I touched her cheek with the back of my hand. She didn’t flinch, but her eyes found mine and I knew she was afraid.
“You’re burning up,” I said, a phrase stolen from my mom. “Do you feel cold?”
“I’m kinda hot.”
“Probably not a fever, then.” I rolled over, reached into the bottom drawer of my nightstand and pulled out a miniature, battery-powered fan. I flipped the switch and held it to her face.
Mara’s head rose from her kneecaps. Loose strands of hair danced in the mild breeze.
“You think I’m crazy,” she said again.
I put my lips to the fan blades. My words sounded buzzy like a robot. “Maaaraaa, I don’t think you’re craaazyyy.”
She smiled. She leaned to the fan and spoke with adorable, buzzing words. “Great Lakes Faaaaaaaaaamily Diner!”
We laughed until Mara released her knees and toppled to her back. She pinched her nightshirt at the chest and fanned herself with the fabric. I turned off the fan, but she scowled, so I turned it back on and held it to her face.
“It’s from my dream,” she said.
“Huh?”
“The picture, silly goose.”
“You had a dream about a wagon in the sky?”
She rolled her head and faced me. Her hand was still cooling her torso with her nightshirt. “Promise you won’t tell anybody?”
“Promise.”
Mara studied my eyes. She was probably wondering if she could trust me after the escapade with the baby monitor. “Pinky promise?” she asked, then held out her fist and wiggled her pinky.
I nodded. Our pinkies shook.
“Lay down,” she said.
I obeyed. Our bodies didn’t touch, but I felt the warm electrical charge of nearby girl.
“It always starts the same. I’m running through the woods away from the castle.” Mara’s words were so close I could feel her breath. “And I get this excited feeling in my chest and I start to run faster. Then the trees are all around me and I can’t see the house anymore and my heart feels like it might explode right out of my shirt.”
“Were you running to the hill?”
“Always to the hill.”
“What happens when you get there?”
“I climb it. It’s all trees at first. Then sand. There’s this round building at the top–”
“A water tower?”
“Maybe. But when I get there, it’s just me an’ the tower so I wait. Sometimes I wait so long that Livy wakes me up and I tell her to let me sleep just a little longer so I can find out–”
“Find what out?”
“What’s coming.” 
My little fan wasn’t helping; the perspiration on Mara’s brow was thicker and the loose strands of hair were wet and matting with the others.
“Sometimes it’s a chariot,” she said. ”All hot and white with flames zipping out the wheels, just like Elijah in the bible.”
I didn’t know the story.
“Sometimes it’s a UFO. Sometimes a ray of light comes out of the clouds and I float right up inside them.”
“Whoa.”
“One time, a bright red hand came out of the dune grass and grabbed my ankle and pulled me under the sand.”
I thought of the scene in Beetlejuice where the claws come out of the dessert and grabs the people’s faces. “Holy Hannah,” I muttered.
“I wasn’t afraid,” she said. “Not by any of it.”
“Where do they take you?”
Mara stopped fanning her chest. “I never find out. I wake up and the dream’s over.”
A twig snapped outside my window. Mara rolled her eyes. I dropped the fan, jumped up, bounced across my mattress, and set my chin on the windowsill. Even with a full moon, I could only see branches swaying ever-so-slightly in the wind.
“Forget about ‘em James.”
“It’s okay,” I said. “I think they’re–” 
From the blackness came a burst of color; a boys face lit for a split second by a flashlight. His eyes were watching me–level with me–so close I could hit him with a rock if I had one to throw. “Who the heck–”
“Ignore them,” Mara said.
I dropped to my bed and scooched to the foot. “I’m gonna tell Dad.”
“No,” she said and sat up. “Not yet.” Mara worked her knees back into her oversized shirt. Her eyes pleaded with mine as her hands rubbed her bare ankles. She was shivering.
“How did they find you?” I asked.
“They’re different. Not the boys from auntie’s house...”
“But we live in the boonies! If you’re not singing anymore, why are they outside your window?”
“I don’t know.”
“Do you think someone from the party told them?”
“James!” she said. “Cut it out and warm me up.”
I pulled the covers around her body and touched her shoulder.
“I just don’t wanna think about it anymore tonight.” A minute later, the shivering stopped.
I imagine there are only two ways a boy can sleep in the same bed as Mara Lynn: either fully awake–pondering her dreams, relishing every heartbeat and innocent twitch, inching closer and closer until she stirs–or sound asleep, dreamless, as in a womb.
I did the latter.
“James?” she said before I fell asleep.
“Yeah, Mara?”
“The hill...”
“What about it?”
She yawned and snuggled her face in my pillow. “It’s not just a dream.”

*  *  *

TINK.
I awoke to sunlight and Mara asleep in my bed. She was on her side, facing me, and breathing through her nose. 
I kissed her temple. I couldn’t help it.
TINK.
Crap! I thought. What time is it? Do my parents know Mara’s in my bed? “Mara!” I whispered. “Hey, Mara!”
Her eyes fluttered like a startled moth. Her arms stretched toward the headboard, revealing a porcelain armpit and the side of her chest through the open nightshirt sleeve. “Mornin’ sunshine.”
TINK.
She froze. “What was that?”
TINK.
“The window,” I said. We stood on my bed and bounced to the sill.
A.J. was fifteen feet below, waving his hands, beckoning us to the woods.
“He looks excited,” Mara said.
“Doesn’t this kid have parents?” I asked.
A.J. flailed his arms, gestured to the trees, then dashed into the brush.
I hopped off the bed, snatched a pair of shorts from the floor, and wiggled them under my nightshirt.
“James!” she said.
“Stay here.” I opened the door, scanned the parlor to assure my family wasn’t privy to the stowaway in my bed, then bolted through the room, down the stairs, out the door, and around the back of the castle.
Mara was behind me, still in her nightshirt, crunching leaves in my mother’s sandals. “I’m coming with!” she said and deftly hurdled a log.
I knew it was dangerous. I knew it was stupid to let her follow. But I was happy to have her at my side.
We arrived at the clearing below our windows. No sign of A.J.
“Age!” I shouted.
“A.J.!” she yelled.
I cupped my hands around my mouth. “A–!”
“Wait!” Mara cut me short. “Look at this!”
I spun around. Floating six inches from her face was a white slipper. “What the heck?” I shuffled through a patch of ferns and stopped at her side.
“It’s from my old pajamas...” she said.
The bootie was laced through a branch with fishing wire. I tore it down, branch included.
“There’s more,” she said, pointing deeper into the woods. It was an arm, part of the same outfit, dangling in the open air.
I grit my teeth, jumped for the fabric, and yanked it from the tree.
“Don’t go, James,” she said.
“I’m gonna kill that asshole.” I noticed another fabric arm at the top of The Great Divide and made my way up the mound.
Mara scrambled to keep up. I tossed back the first arm, then stared down the gulch. “A.J.!” I yelled. “I’m gonna tear your face off your skull!”
I took Mara’s hand. Together, we found solid footing and dodged thorny weeds and prickers. Two dangling legs led us halfway down the incline, and a frayed zipper signaled us to stop on a narrow path on the side of the bluff. The fishing wire was caked with dried worm guts; this was the first piece that A.J. hung.
CLINK.
“Now what?” Mara asked.
I glanced up the hill to see how far we came. Too far to turn back, I thought.
CLINK. It was the sound of metal on metal, not twenty feet down the path.
“Don’t follow him. It’s what he wants.”
“I’ll take care of him,” I said. “You stay here. For real this time.”
She nodded. “Careful, kay?”
“I’m always careful.”
I followed the path to a clearing the size of my bedroom. A green ladder rose from the ground to a camouflaged deer stand strapped to an oak tree. Trent was leaning against the rungs, unarmed, a warped lid to a garbage can strapped to his chest like body armor.
Danny was kneeling at the center of the clearing. His hunting vest hung from his arms like dead, neon flesh. My old camera was on a tripod, watching me. A cat struggled to free itself from the bully’s tremendous grip. It was Dorothy.
“Let her go, Danny.” I stepped forward... so did Trent.
Dorothy thrashed–back arching until her ears touched her tail–then surrendered, reluctantly, to Danny’s impossible hold. I saw the source of the metallic clink. In the bully’s left hand, a Zippo lighter; in his right, a firecracker, stolen–no doubt–from the night we filmed the war scene.
“Danny!” I shouted, but Trent was on top of me in eight brisk stomps. He grabbed my nightshirt’s collar and held me against his chest. Behind him, in the shadows between the trees, A.J. stood with his eyes on the ground.
“Age...” I said. But he didn’t look up.
Without a word or chance to bargain, Danny’s nose puckered against his lips. He flipped Dorothy belly-up, held her ribcage beneath his pit, and forced the firecracker into her anus. She trashed wildly, dicing his left wrist with her claws, then he lit the fuse.
I screamed. I beat my fists into Trent’s chest.
Danny clenched the shrieking cat, turned his head, closed his eyes.
Behind me, Mara gasped.

*  *  *

The explosion was muffled, but the damage was clear.
Danny dropped the cat and snatched the camera by the tripod. His eyes were locked on the girl behind me, clenched in a steel scowl. “Let’s go,” he said to the others, then looked away and scampered into the brush.
Trent looked at Dorothy, her front paws swimming wildly above her, then back at me. I saw in his expression a glimmer of sadness as if he didn’t believe Danny would actually go through with it. He released my collar, veered a wide circle around the dying cat, and ran away.
I looked past the deer stand and through the trees; A.J. was gone too.
To call an event “indescribable” usually shows the writer’s lack of imagination. But how does one recall in writing the absolute decimation of a little girl? What word other than “indescribable” befits the horror in the heart of the boy who loves her? How does one use the word “shriek” to capture the sound a cat makes when it’s tail is dangling by a dirt-crusted tendon?
There was no consolation, no words of encouragement I could offer as Mara scooped up her writhing cat, her arms soaking the blood from it’s open rear.
I tried to touch her shoulder but she pushed me away. She clasped her hands, bowed before the cat and blood and God, and she prayed. 
“Mara...” I said.
She crossed herself. She opened her eyes and looked at the cat as if the healing-power of prayer would be instantaneous. She rubbed Dorothy’s matted mane to calm her. And when it became clear that the prayer wouldn’t work, she bit her lower lip, closed her eyes, and sang.
It was a simple tune, a lullaby this time, familiar, though I couldn’t hear the words.
My mind pushed back the vile sight to make room for the nuance of Mara’s quivering voice. In the moment, I suppose I assumed Mara was trying to sing Dorothy to sleep, but then she stopped, grabbed my hand, and pulled me to my knees. “Make it work, James,” she said, tears pooling in the corners of her eyes, leaping to her cheek with every blink.
“Make what work?” I asked.
“I have powers, you said. I’m special. If I’m special, how do I fix her?” She turned back, hair curtaining her face, naked knees pressing divots in the dirt. And from her lips came a soothing rendition of Somewhere Over the Rainbow, her gentle vibrato besting Judy Garland with every note.
Mara scrunched her face as if she was bending spoons. Her hands hovered over Dorothy, stroked Dorothy, shook and shook and shook Dorothy as she poured her special powers–the best she knew how–into healing her pet.
Her voice never wavered, but by the end of the last verse, the cat was dead.

*  *  *

We buried Dorothy away from the clearing, two-feet down through a mess of roots and leaves. We laid beside her the shredded pajama that lured us into the trap. We smoothed the dirt with our palms, christened the ground with our tears, then sat together on the incline.
Mara saw it first. Her wet eyes were focused on a distant object, through the trees, just above the horizon. I followed her gaze and saw it too–curved exactly as she imagined, half-covered in evergreen trees, a cylindrical building on top of a dune–the hill from her drawings.


9. NIGHT TERRORS AND THE FLOODED CONFESSIONAL

We told Mom about Danny. We had to. I explained the incident the best I could, though I cried through the gory parts and used the word “dickface” at least once while describing A.J.’s betrayal.
“You sweet, darling girl,” Mom said, sobbing for Mara and holding her close.
“I’m okay, Mrs. Parker,” she replied as if declining a second helping of potatoes. “Dorothy was a special cat, but I’ll be fine!”
Dad talked Mom out of filing a police report, claiming Danny was a disturbed little boy who only needed a push in the right direction... not jail time. He even offered to call Danny’s uncle to recommend a psychologist. “To help control the violent impulses,” he said.
“It’s not just Danny,” Livy added. “Sometimes, I hear voices in the woods...”
With Mom’s supervision, Dad armed himself with a crowbar and overalls and marched to the mysterious hideout as if he actually had a clue. I stood on my bed between Mara and Livy. Together, we watched my Dad putter around the trees as if he lost a contact. Mom pointed to a fresh candy wrapper and a trio of discarded pop cans. They peered down The Great Divide, then inspected the view of Mara’s window from various positions among the trees. Dad used the crowbar to pry the wooden rungs from the trunks.
Until the grownups deemed the property safe, Mara wasn’t allowed out of the house without supervision, and I wasn’t allowed to ride my bike to Whit’s.
“The weather man’s predicting storms all week,” Mom told us that evening. “We’ll order pizza and camp in the tower! I know how much you love watching the lightning over the lake!” It was a nice offer, but nothing could compensate for the dead pet and castle lockdown.
An hour later, I overheard a phone call between Mom and Mr. Anderson. Whenever we went on vacation, the social worker was Mom’s go-to friend for emergency respite care. She asked him if he and his wife could take Fantasia for the week, a testament to her underlying fear.
(There were three nights between our adventures; three nights of sleeping with the remains of Mara’s wonderful smell. The first night, her imprint was still visible in the sheets like the taut white texture of a perfect snow angel.)
Mara awoke the next morning and dressed herself as if Dorothy had never died, tapping hangers on closet rods to the beat of the FM stereo, gargling, rinsing, spitting... just like any other day. She wore her smile so easily that I found myself drawn to her usual giddiness, not mortified by the memory of Dorothy’s inside-out asshole or the clouds looming on the horizon.
The Fairytale premiere was twelve days away. Arrangements were being made whether the movie was done or not. Mom used her meager artistic abilities to fashion invitations out of card stock and decorative strips of old 8mm negatives.

“Meet James Parker, 
writer, director and editor of ‘Fairytale!’
Screening at the Grand Harbor Community Center 
hourly during the Lakeshore Celebration Art Show!
Premieres Thursday, August 25!”

“That’s an awful lot of exclamation points,” I said.
“There’s a lot to be excited about!” Mom replied.
The movie was the only way to beat Ryan Brosh. If it was a blockbuster, Mara would pick me. Every scene–every shot and sound effect and line of dialogue–would culminate into the vision that had lived in my head since the beginning, and she would marvel at my writing ability and my directing ability and the killer production value.
The movie was the only way to beat Ryan... and I had let Danny distract me.
(On the second night, the smell of Mara’s moisturized skin still clung to the fibers of my pillow, but my restless sleep had loosened her shape from the sheets. Outside, it began to rain.)
As if to reiterate the Fairytale deadline, Mom scheduled a back-to-school shopping trip to distract us from the buried cat. Mrs. Greenfield came too and helped Mara pick out a Lisa Frank Trapper Keeper with a hot-pink kitten on the front. “To remind you of the good times,” she said.
As Mara hopscotched across the laminated tiles from the pens to the markers to the triple-hole punches, Livy seemed unusually fixated on her. When Mara discovered the perfect pencil box, Livy scoured the shelves for one just like it.
My sister wasn’t the only person with her eye on Mara. One man, twenty-something, accidentally plowed his shoulder into a rack of backpacks because he was more interested in a twelve-year-old girl than his path through the aisle... reminding me again that “Mara” and “public” don’t jive well.
Mom and Mara broke into their own clique and meandered toward the jewelry cases. “Isn’t back-to-school shopping fun with the kids?” Mom asked.
Livy and Mrs. Greenfield joined them at the earring display. Livy worked a pair of sterling-silver hoops through her lobes and dangled them in front of Mara. “Cute?”
“Totally cute!” Mara replied and twirled the display. “I wish I had piercings. The social workers won’t allow it.”
Livy looked to Mom. “Hey, Ma,” she said. “Are these cute?”
She nodded. “Very!” 
“Think I should get ‘em?”
“That’s what allowances are for!”
Livy rolled her eyes, but decided they were worth the eight bucks.
The outing concluded with a power surge. A peal of thunder shook our check-out lane, and for ten seconds, the lights went out. Livy screamed. The rest of us laughed.
That evening, Mrs. Conrad braved the rain and dropped Whit off at the castle for some much-needed editing time. In my room, he tossed a cellophane bag of white powder on my lap. “Released it early,” he said. “It’s sellin’ like crazy.”
“Who’s buyin’?” I asked.
“Nerds from computer camp.”
I read the price tag. “Two bucks a pop?”
“First taste is free,” he said. “Best-friend discount.”
I laughed, then dropped the sweet temptation in my dresser drawer and slammed it shut. “I haven’t touched candy in a month,” I said.
Whit finagled a mess of cords from the hammock beneath his chair. “My VCR broke,” he said and plopped the wires beside the TV.
“What? How?”
“You left an open bottle of cola next to it.”
“And you spilled it?”
“Looks like we’re stuck with your equipment.”
I held up the wires and spread them between my hands like a mangled spider web. Composite cables, S-Video cables, a giant phone cord... “What am I supposed to do with all these?” I asked.
“Extras. We gotta finish this thing in less than two weeks, so I brought the works.”
I showed my friend a rough cut of the first five minutes of our film (though I turned away during the opening monologue with Dorothy). As The Girl approached the entrance to the Red Room, I paused the video and awaited Whit’s response.
He picked up his left thigh and manually crossed it over his right. The motion gave him an aura of awkward sophistication. “It’s good,” he said. “It’s really, really good.”
I nodded. “Yeah. Now we gotta finish it.”
(The rain was unrelenting on the third night. As the lightning threw tree-branch shadows across my walls, I pressed my nostrils against the mattress and breathed her fading scent. At one AM, the real Mara woke up screaming in the opposite room.)
Four days after Dorothy’s death, as the sun was still hiding beneath the horizon and the rain was still spilling in broken reams from the gutters, Mara made her escape.

*  *  *

She wore a cream-colored tank top, my favorite with the thin, vertical pleats. Her shorts were denim with purple stitching, a broken belt-loop, and a hole in the back left pocket. Braided pigtails brushed her collarbone. A taupe bath towel served as a homemade knapsack, tied at the top, bulging with the bare necessities as if she was a cartoon runaway.
“Mara?” I rubbed my eyes and took a second step into the parlor.
“Shit,” she whispered. Her shoulders fell slack and she turned around.
“Mornin’ to you too.”
“Go back to bed, James.” Her eyes jumped between me–standing like the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man in my undies and plain-white tee–and the gate to the foyer stairwell.
“Are you runnin’ away?” I asked.
She took another step toward the stairs, then hesitated. “I don’t care if you tattle, but can you give me a ten-minute head start?”
“Wait...” I shook my head to fight the sleepiness, then asked, “Where are you going?”
She groaned, took my wrist, and hauled me back to my room.
“What?”
“You’re gonna wake Livy.”
“Tell me where you’re going.”
Mara’s body responded with a series of micro-spasms in her knees and neck. “I had the dream again.”
“The one with the hill?”
“James... it’s time.”
I blinked. Mara still looked like a kid, but her voice carried a somber undertone; a tone usually earned after years upon years of life experience. “Time?” I asked.
“Today’s the day, James. And I need to go alone.”
“No!”
She covered my mouth with her palm.
I lowered my voice and blurted through her fingers. “You’re not really going up there–”
Her eyes were frantic; scanning my room as if chasing an invisible fly. “Please don’t tell your parents,” she said.
“It’s five in the morning!”
“I need to go.”
“It was just a dream!”
Mara didn’t respond, but looked at me as if I was crazy.
“It’s sunny in all your pictures,” I said.
“In my dream last night... it was raining.”
“You can’t go in the woods by yourself.”
“I’m not afraid of bullies.”
“Mom’ll kill you when you get back.”
“James,” she said and squeezed my shoulder. “I’m not coming back.”
There was a madness in Mara’s gaze that suggested I shouldn’t doubt her. Whether or not her dreams were prophetic, all that mattered was that she believed them.
“I’m going with you,” I said, then burrowed through my laundry basket for a pair of shorts.
“James, you can’t–”
“There were two stick figures in your drawings. If something’s really gonna happen on that hill, maybe the other person is me.”

*  *  *

“Watch for worms,” Mara said as we made our way across the paver-brick drive. “They sneak from the cracks when it rains.”
The storm was on hiatus, though gusts of wind rustled the leaves, sending showers of oversized droplets on our heads. We took the steps behind the retaining wall. At the top, I paused and scanned the horizon. The sky was dark above us, but there was a clear distinction between the murkiness of “five AM” and the obsidian clouds hanging above the lake. A silver bolt struck the sea and I began to count under my breath, “One-Mississippi. Two-Mississippi. Three–”
“James!” Mara said, already twenty steps ahead. “If you’re coming–”
The thunder cut her short.

*  *  *

Mara held her flashlight to her temple and followed the beam through the trees. The ground was soggy and slurped our shoes as we climbed the brink of The Great Divide. At the top, Mara peered over the edge and aimed the flashlight into the dark. Like the black hole in Whit’s astronomy book, the abyss swallowed our meager cone of light and, the longer we stared, threatened to swallow us too.
I wanted to tell Mara that it wasn’t too late to turn back, that we could still be in bed before Mom or Livy woke up, that she could sleep in my room until dawn...
She clicked off the flashlight and wiggled it in her knapsack, then grabbed a sapling to stabilize her first step into the pit. The darkness engulfed her in seconds, though I could still hear her clumsy footfalls over the wind.
“Wait for me!” I said. I closed my eyes; they were useless anyway. I found comfort in the heightened awareness that comes with a lack of sight. I tested the slope with my toes, feeling my way from tree to tree with arms like an insect’s antennae, relying on my sense of balance to keep me upright, following the patter of Mara’s shoes on the wet earth.
The ground became level for several steps, and I knew I was on the path where Dorothy was buried. I paused, fully aware that my next step would bring me deeper than I had ever dared to venture before. Mara had crossed the make-believe border with ease, never stopping to ponder the cat she buried only three days before.

*  *  *

We reached the basin as the clouds pinked from the rising sun. Clusters of moss turned bright green in the meager light, creating a visible grid on the forest floor to help us keep our bearing. The storm had created puddles in the dirt like oblong mirrors among the stumps. There were no fish in these ponds, only drowning ferns, swimming ants, and spiders that wished they had gils. I stared down at my reflection as I rounded the largest puddle. I appeared upside-down in a backwards land; a land of treetop silhouettes, rippled skies, and inverted beauty; a land where Mara is mediocre and the rest of us are gorgeous. (Even there, Mara is unique.)
Twenty feet in front of me, she checked her watch and picked up the pace. I felt fat again as I lumbered after her. “Wait up!” I said.
Mara stopped as if she didn’t have a choice. Her right leg was riddled from her knee to her sock with tiny lacerations. But she looked at me, grinned, and gestured playfully, “hurry up!”
Days ago, I would have fallen for Mara’s ruse. But now I saw past her joyful mask–past her genuine smile and infectious gait–all the way to an anxious little girl willing to risk our lives to meet a phantom on a hill.

*  *  *

It began to rain and Mara walked faster. Her shoes were mud pies, her left braid was frayed after snagging itself on a low-slung branch, and her tank-top clung to her back from a rousing crescent of sweat.
We passed a tractor beneath a blue tarp. Raindrops created a comforting patter on the plastic. An axe laid against the exposed wheel. We saw a salt lick a minute later, but no deer.
The walls of the basin were ginormous, dark-grey, covered in ominous trees that seemed to bow toward us as if we were the center of the forest. Thunder didn’t just shake the sky, but echoed and multiplied throughout the entire valley.
We heard it before we felt it; a whoosh and surge through the canopy like the sound of a tilting rainstick. 
Mara looked up.
“Here it comes,” I said.

*  *  *

We were soaked within seconds. Our clothes stuck to our bodies like a second layer of flesh, exposing every crease of fat on my body while accentuating Mara’s perfect form.
I ran to catch up.
“How much farther, ya think?” she asked, her lashes flitting rain from her eyes.
“We’ll be halfway there at the top of this hill... I think.”
“Cool.”
I used her question as an opening. “Whaddya think it’ll be? The flying saucer?”
“Your sister’s mad at me.”
Mara’s disregard for my question forced my brain to shift gears. “Huh? Did Livy say something?”
“She was probably spying on me the night Ryan was over. Prolly heard everything he said, just like you did.”
“Ryan’s not all that, you know.”
“I like it when women wear earrings.”
“Then get your ears pierced. You’re old enough.”
“Your mom can’t let me. Part of the foster-parent rules.”
“Oh.”
The ground began to slope upward this time. We took turns bracing ourselves on tree limbs, holding the other’s hand to help them up, rotating, then repeating the motion to rhythmically repel each other up the hill.
I had to shout over the rain. “What should I do with your stuff when you’re gone?” It was supposed to be a rhetorical question.
“Give my candles to Mrs. Greenfield,” she replied. “My clothes, make-up and jewelry goes to Livy.”
Was she serious?
“I have twenty-three dollars in a piggybank in my bottom nightstand drawer. Give it to your Mom to pay her back for her help. My Saint Michael statue, give it to Whitney. He needs protection.”
“What about me? How am I going to remember you?”
“You have our movie. It’s the most fun I’ve ever had.”
It sounded like a copout, but she was right, our best memories had been captured on tape: bouts of goofiness, applause, adorable bloopers, and priceless moments between every take.
At the top of the incline we saw it: Mara’s hill and tower, bleak in the thickening mist, framed by clouds that stifled the rising sun. Behind us, the castle tower stood tall above the trees. Above it, lightning tore a web across the sky, burning my retinas so–when I looked at Mara–her face was covered by the same jagged bolts.
“Almost there,” she said.

*  *  *

The storm was chasing us. If Mom was awake at home, she was freaking out.
Streams of water followed us down the second hill, eroding miniature canyons between the roots, rocks and fallen bits of bark.
There were no puddles in the second valley, but a lake. Patches of saturated dirt protruded from the sea like a herd of giant snapper turtles. The water was not still, but alive with raindrops–trillions of them–providing the cesspool an eerie, rippled texture as if it was boiling.
“Come on!” Mara said and grabbed my hand.
I stumbled to keep up, dipping and dodging limbs and trunks, feet galloping through mud, heart racing like a ticking time bomb.
“There,” she said and nodded to a distant pine. Over the next hundred feet, the maples, oaks and sporadic birch trees gave way to pointed conifers. Clumps of brown needles created an undulating crust on the water’s surface.
We reached the tree at the base of Mara’s hill. She ducked beneath the lowest branch and pulled me inside the sanctuary of the thousand-year-old pine. (I was certain that if we cut it in half, the rings would prove its age.)
My teeth chattered, not because it was cold, but because that’s what teeth do when the body is drenched in rain. We stood in a foot of water but the conifer’s trunk was dry. The thick awning held back the downpour and muffled the sound of falling rain.
The droplets on Mara’s face were crystalline, uniform, and evenly spaced... I looked like I just pulled my head from a hippo’s butt.
She unstrapped the sack from her shoulder, removed two candles, rosary beads, and a matchbook stolen from the top shelf of the buffet. She placed the candles side by side on the lowest limb.
“What are you doing?”
“I can’t go up there like this.” Her hands trembled as she struck the match. The flame colored her face with its initial bold burst and illuminated every raindrop on her cheek like polished rubies. She crossed herself. “I want you to hear my confession.”
I wasn’t sure what she meant, but I nodded.
“Don’t look at me,” she commanded. “Turn around.”
My feet sloshed in the flood as I faced the shroud of needles. Through the thunder and pelting rain, I heard Mara’s soft but rapid breath.
“Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned. It has been sixty-three days since my last confession.”
“What do I do?” I whispered.
“You’re supposed to ask me questions.”
“Like what?”
“Like what I did wrong this week, or questions about my body.”
My mind leapt headfirst into the possibilities. I wondered if “confession” meant she had to tell the truth. I was certain I had seen enough priests in movies to put on a believable performance.
Before I could think of a question, Mara gave me one. “Just ask me what sins I’ve committed.”
I cleared my throat. “Tell me, child, what sins have you committed?”
She sighed. “I sleep in on weekends,” she said. “Sometimes till noon. I said the word ‘asshole’ twice. I said ‘lesbian’ three times, ‘shit’ four times, and ‘butthead’ six. And I stole the matchbook from the top of the buffet.”
I grinned, but Mara couldn’t see my face so it didn’t matter. “Is that all, child?” I asked.
“Lust, father.”
“How so?”
“I slept in bed with a boy that I like.”
“Oh?”
“I told another boy secrets about my body.”
Ryan. “What secrets?”
“I covet. I see what Livy has and I want it.”
My molars ground together like pieces of chalk. “Tell me more, child.”
“I’m vain. I want to be pretty. I like wearing makeup. I like when people compliment me. But sometimes...”
“Yes?”
“...bad things happen.”
“That’s–”
“If I wasn’t vain–if I didn’t like being pretty–Dorothy might be alive.”
I wanted to comfort her. But the confession wasn’t over. “Is that all, child?”
“I lied.”
“You lied?”
“To a different priest.”
“What is this lie you speak of?”
Mara hesitated for the first time. “I told him I confessed all my sins...”
“But you didn’t.”
“No.”
“I can’t forgive you unless you admit all of your transgressions.”
Water sloshed behind me. Mara was pacing. “Only Ms. Grisham and Principal Dolman know...”
“You can tell me, child.”
She sighed. “It happened in fourth grade. Trevor Tooth Fairy sat behind me in math.”
“Trevor Tooth Fairy?”
“They called him that ‘cause he bashed his front teeth on the teeter-totter when his friend jumped off the other side. There was blood everywhere ‘cause he had braces and they cut his lip.”
“Gross.”
“His teeth were just hanging outside his mouth by the wires. I just called him Trev.” Mara picked bark from the tree. “Anyways, he sat behind me in math. He poked me in the back of my neck every day with a ruler. Hard. He called me names. He called me Luscious Mara Lynn even though I never called him Tooth Fairy. Every time he said ‘Luscious’ and ‘Lynn,’ his tongue would squeeze through the hole of his missing front teeth. I never tattled. I just laughed and played along because he wasn’t that different from the other kids. But when we were learning to draw circles in math, he started snapping the pointy end of his compass into my neck instead of a ruler. He made it bleed, but nobody knew because my hair covered the scars.”
“That’s awful...”
“Then came the school musical. It was called ‘Fifty Nifty States’ and I got to be Michigan. Aunty... I mean Ms. Grisham... she made my costume. I carried a bucket of cherries on stage for my solo. Trevor was dressed like a cowboy ‘cause he was supposed to be Texas. Before the show, he gave all the kids bubble gum to chew, then just before the curtain went up, he collected everybody’s wet gum into a big wad and stuck it in my hair.”
“What did you do?”
“In my heart I was crying. But I pretended to be happy for the rest of the show.”
“No... what did you do to Trevor?”
“If I tell you... I’ll be pure again?”
“Yes, child.”
A surge of wind lifted our awning and huffed out the candles. “Several weeks passed, but I didn’t forget. I waited until he went to the bathroom alone. I followed him inside–” She stopped.
“And?”
“I went in the boy’s bathroom and...”
“Mara? What did you do?”
Her feet splashed. Her mouth spat gibberish as if she was speaking in tongues.
“Mara?”
“Don’t turn around!” she said. Her breathing quickened; rapid sucks of air, in-out, in-out, in-out as she paced tiny circles in our fort. “I–”
I resumed my Priestly manner. “Young girl, tell me what happened in the bathroom.”
“I... I was boiling. I...” Her frustration erupted in a barrage of made-up curse words. “I went in the bathroom... because I was mad. But... he wasn’t even a bad kid!”
“Mara, what did you do?”
“I–” she stammered again. “I can’t say it!”
An epiphany accompanied those four honest words; a revelation so profound that it still affects every aspect of my adult life: proof of the impossible; proof of magic or God or the missing link in our evolutionary chain; the singularity of the human race if only people knew. Mara Lynn was the embodiment of the phrase, “Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.” Her allure didn’t just fit every man’s impossible ideal, she was a shapeshifter, an accidental mind-fuck, forced–by whatever “It” bestowed her power–to say things or do things or look a certain way, targeting the specific desires of every single human being. Her first confessions were silly. They were adorable. I felt empathetic; drawn to her words as she listed the minutia of her dirty deeds. But this new sin–this thing she did to poor Trevor Tooth Fairy–it was so disturbing that she couldn’t even say it because saying it might taint my perception of the perfect girl.
Mara wasn’t just beautiful, she was supernatural.
And if she was supernatural, then maybe her dream was true. Maybe there was a spaceship waiting for her on that hill. Maybe Mara Lynn was some divine experiment gone awry; an alien weapon perhaps; a demon.
I could hear her wringing her tongue behind me; fighting her curse to complete her confession. If she couldn’t shed the sin, she wouldn’t be accepted.
“Child,” I said.
“I can’t say it.”
“You don’t need to say it. I know what’s in your heart. In the name of God and Jesus and wholly ghosts, you’re forgiven.” I bowed my head and crossed my chest (spectacles, testicles, wallet, watch... just like she taught me). When I turned around, I was James again.
Mara was silent, but I sensed something new. The way her eyes settled on mine for the first time today; the way her brow appeared tender, accepting; the way her hair had unbound itself from the braids but still hung perfectly straight. If she was crying, the rain covered her tears. 
Then she hugged me. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled herself up and against my chest. “You’re a good friend,” she whispered.
I cringed. “Wait. I have something to say before you go on that hill.”
She released my neck and backed away. “James–”
“I won’t let you leave till you hear me out.”
Mara turned away, but she didn’t leave.
“I think you’re pretty,” I said.
“I know.”
“I want to kiss you.”
“I know.”
“I want to look handsome for you, lose weight for you. I want to call you names like ‘sweetheart’ and ‘darling.’ I want to hold you and buy you things–”
“Just like everybody else.”
“Exactly. That’s the whole problem. I try to be different so you’ll want to kiss me too. It’s all I think about. ‘Should I tell her these things? Or should I keep them to myself?’ Because if I tell you how I really feel, it means that I’m the same as the zombies outside your window.” I touched her ear lobe. “I don’t think you’re weird ‘cause you’re pretty.” I touched the pin-point scars on the back of her neck. “I don’t think you’re evil ‘cause you’re mad.” I took her shoulder and turned her around. “Those things you told me? They’re not your fault. The saints aren’t gonna hate you ‘cause you stole some matches or slept in a boy’s bed when you were scared. If that priest was telling you somethin’ different, he’s full of crap.”
“But Danny–”
“Danny B’s a psycho. He was a psycho before he knew you. He deserves to die for what he did.”
“Don’t say that.”
“No, I will say it. Danny deserves to die. And you didn’t make him kill your cat.”
She nodded.
“I don’t know what your dream means, but if there really is something on that hill waiting to judge you, you’ve got nothing to worry about.”
Another burst of wind. Mara’s hair whipped and twirled behind her head. The candles fell from the branch with quiet plunks in the rising sea.
“You wanna go out with me?” she asked.
“Only if you like me.”
She smiled and nodded. “I do.”
A thunderclap shook the ground as her lips touched my cheek. The terror from the bolt entwined with the elation from the peck and my heart rose and thumped with tangible, unquenchable, delicious pain.
Despite my previous epiphany, I knew Mara didn’t kiss my cheek because she had to, she did it because she loved me... because I won.
Her cool fingertips brushed the hair on my neck. “It’s time to go,” she said.
“What?” I asked, shaking my head. “You can’t!”
“I don’t have a choice.”
“But you’re my girlfriend now. Let’s go home and–”
“James,” she said. “If I stay, bad things will happen to us. If I go,” she kissed her index finger and pressed it to my lips, “I’ll be your girlfriend forever.”

*  *  *

The water tower loomed dark and terrible above our heads. Brambles tugged at our skin and branches hunted our vulnerable eyes. The storm was on top of us now, wailing like a hundred dying cats, splitting the sky with silver streaks and threatening to finish us off.
Mara led me south, along the base of the hill instead of up. Minutes later we were out of the woods and hiking the naked side of the dune.
Our shoes filled with sand in seconds. Mara kicked hers off without stopping. I had to kneel, untie my laces, heave them from my sticky feet, and run to catch up.
I was ten steps away from a heart attack when we finally reached the mesa. Dots of blood formed a neat row along my thigh. Somehow, sand was crusted between my underwear band and skin.
Mara battled the tempest and circled the water tower. A fence surrounded the perimeter but seemed useless considering the graffiti encasing the lower half of the monolith. I scanned the spray-painted inscriptions and knew where I was. This was a skater hangout. A concrete path (it couldn’t be called a road) descended the back side of the hill and skateboarders used it to show off their skills. Rumor was, the metal tower was electrified. If you threw rocks at it, they’d explode.
But Mara didn’t care about the water tower. She kicked around wet pebbles, squished mud through her bare toes, searching for the patch of holy ground where a miracle would happen.
She found her spot in a shuddering patch of Purple Loosetrife; weeds as tall as she was, red and violet flowers in symmetrical clumps, holding fast despite the wind.
Mara bent her neck and searched the sky.
I ran to her side but she held up her hand. “Stay back, James!” she shouted over the gale.
Sand pummeled my arms and stung my cheeks. “Is it here?” I yelled.
Her eyes twitched in the blistering sand, but she didn’t blink. “Make the best movie you can!” she said.
“Is it time?” I screamed.
“Tell Whitney he’s a good kid! Tell him that someday, he’ll find his soul mate!”
Lightning struck the tip of the tower and surged like a ball of tinfoil in my chest. I dropped to the mud. I closed my eyes but could still see the bolt.
Mara stretched her arms to the clouds. I scrambled backward as the tempest overtook my girlfriend.
Her fists clenched. Her heels lifted. The veins in her neck tightened like the roots of a tree.
The storm climaxed with Mara Lynn at its center.
And then we waited.

*  *  *

For nine hours, Mara stood.
I recalled the drawings of the stick-figure girl, sometimes alone, sometimes with a companion, but never sitting down.
The storm tapered minutes after the lightning hit the tower. It rained on and off for the remainder of the day, but never achieved the morning’s ferocity.
I tried to persuade Mara to follow me home, but she wouldn’t budge. After the tenth time, I stopped trying.
Graffiti; I memorized it all. “DANCE, LOVE, SING, LIVE,” it said between a cartoon skull and a drawing of a penis with balls the size of beanbags. Near the top, so high it probably required a ladder to paint: “I heart Richard Dean Anderson.”
I half expected a run-in with skateboard punks, but Mara and I were the only kids foolish enough to brave a dune in a thunderstorm.
For nine hours, we were alone. And nothing came to take her away.
She gave up at five PM. We didn’t speak. There was nothing to say. But as she trudged beside me on the way to the woods, I noticed blood in her left eye. Not around her eye, in her eye, blossoming from her iris like the center of a crushed rose.

*  *  *

Several months ago I took a trip to the castle to prepare for this book. It was the same trip that I dug up my old screenplay from the secret passage.
I ventured up the spiral staircase to the tower and ran my finger along the iron rail. By the time I reached the top, I had accumulated a sizable dust bunny on the tip. I flicked it to the ground and stepped inside the miniature room.
I remembered my father’s six-month obsession. I remembered the eagles. I remembered the day Mara played dress-up.
The lake glistened before me like a landscape of cobalt gemstones. I turned slowly to view three-hundred-and-sixty degrees of panoramic nostalgia, and stopped short when I faced the woods.
I noticed something new.
No... it wasn’t new...
But something had changed.
In the distance–just over the pine-tree rim–I could see the top of the water tower.
On a hunch, I stooped down to the height of a twelve-year-old boy and watched as the tower sunk beneath the trees. The world didn’t change. I did.
I recalled the day Mara danced on the dress-up chest. It was that morning that an image was planted in her subconscious; an image that would work its way through her desperate imagination; an image that would merge with her secret desires and manifest itself again and again in her midnight terrors. It wasn’t God or aliens that called Mara to the tower. It was hope.

*  *  *

There were no adventures as we walked home. No fairytale war. No Red Room begging for exploration. Just thorns, weeds, and puddles of rain saturating the forest floor.
We climbed the second hill with lackadaisical strides, crossing–for the second time today–Dorothy’s tomb. When we finally reached the brick wall of the castle, the evening sky shimmered above the watchtower with rolling, angry lights: red, blue, red, blue, red, blue.

*  *  *

Mom cried when she saw us. Her mouth formed a terrible O, but she smothered us with hugs anyway. Dad looked at the ground, shook his head, and apologized to the sheriff. Livy punched me in the chest and scowled at Mara.
The sheriff’s name was Beeder. He was a redwood of a man, nine feet tall and a chest that strained the buttons on his uniform. He examined Mara’s eye. “Looks like you popped a blood vessel, little lady,” then turned to Mom. “It’s harmless. Give it a week or two and it’ll fade on its own.”
“Thank you, officer,” Dad said. He was like a papery birch beside Sheriff Beeder.
“If those kids build another fort in your tree, you give me a holler.”
Dad raised his hand and gave a half-salute of appreciation. “I’ve got it handled. Take care, officer.”
Mom and Dad demanded an explanation. Mara and I both tried to take the blame, claiming we needed to “get away from it all” despite the other’s attempt to stop us. 
Of course, they believed my version of the story so I received the brunt of the punishment. I could edit my movie, I could attend the premiere, but I was confined to my room for the rest of the summer.
As Mom scolded me, she lavished Mara with apologies. “More dessert?” she asked after dinner.
“No thanks, Mrs. Parker,” Mara replied, her face pink with sunburn despite the day’s cloudy sky.
I didn’t tell my family that Mara and I were officially “together”; it seemed like the sort of secret that should stay a secret. Besides, they hardly approved of Livy and Ryan dating at such an early age... and who knows what the foster-parent rule book had to say about that kind of relationship.
I hugged Mara before bed when nobody was looking. Normally, Mara pulled away first. But that night, she didn’t let go.
“I love you,” I whispered. She was my girlfriend now, and it seemed like the right thing to say.
“I love you too, James.”

*  *  *

Three hours later, as the castle settled in with its nighttime clicks and groans, I heard it. From the bathroom it came, cold, unfamiliar, foreboding... yet so wistful I had to press my body to the locked door to hear every word.

“Through many dangers, toils and snares
I have already come.
‘Tis grace that brought me safe thus far–”

The melody was superlative but Mara paused–unsatisfied–and cleared her throat. She hummed a quick scale, coughed again, then finished the verse:

“And grace will lead me home.”


10. OLIVIA

I was six when I overheard Mom and Livy murmuring about race in the adjacent bedroom. Back then, a broken sliding door was the only barrier between the bathroom and my sister’s privacy. I watched them through a crack in the frame. I listened to every word.
“The kids at school call me black,” Livy said. I could see her sitting calmly on the foot of her bed; “calm” being a rare adjective for my seven-year-old sis. Her feet dangled beside Mom’s chunky legs and her hands were folded in her lap.
“Well that’s a silly thing to say,” Mom replied. “Your race is African, and your skin is a beautiful brown color.”
Livy held up her arm and inspected it.
Mom held her arm out beside Livy’s. “And you know what?”
“What?”
“People call me white.” She found a coloring book on the nightstand, opened to a blank page, and placed her arm against the crease. “The paper’s white, not my skin. My skin is beige!”
Livy smiled.
“We’re all different colors, sweetie. And we’re all beautiful in different ways.”

*  *  *

Punishment: day six.
T-minus five days until the Fairytale premiere.
Mara would always be my paradoxical muse; a wishing-well of inspiration with heads-up pennies to spare. When she stands beside you, your soul lifts and creativity flows. When she’s actually yours–when your arms are wrapped around her neck and your life is no longer dedicated to winning her but to keeping her–the well begins to run dry.
Questions about our editing progress were constant: “When can we see it?” “How far are you?” “Why doesn’t it look like a real movie?” And the questions didn’t just come from family. The panel of judges for the Lakeshore Celebration Art Contest called Mom every two days to request my submission.
I tossed the tennis ball at the wall above Whit’s head–THUNK–and caught it on the return. “I wrote her a note in secret code last night and left it under her pillow.” I threw the ball again. THUNK. “The other day, we snuggled and watched a David the Gnome marathon on Nickelodeon.” Whit’s eyes followed the ball. THUNK. “This morning, I wrote her a poem about Dorothy. She liked it so much she hugged me.” THUNK.
“James!” Livy shouted from the kitchen. “Knock it off!”
I caught the ball, fell backwards on my bed, and tossed it toward the spinning blades of the ceiling fan.
“Glad you’ve been workin’ so hard,” Whit said.
“If I wasn’t grounded, I’d never get anything done!”
He held down the fast-forward button and zipped through the completed Red Room scene. Dad was both terrifying and comical in his red robe and latex mask. Watching him hobble through the room at super-human speed added another layer to the absurdity.
“Did you bring the caffeine?” I asked.
“Crap,” Whit said. “Totally forgot.”
“Darnit. How are we gonna stay awake?” I threw the ball again. The green fuzz came an inch from striking the fan.
Whit reached beneath his chair and tossed me another bag of homemade powder. “This’ll keep us motivated,” he said.
I tossed the candy on my nightstand. “No sugar, beetle-dick. Four pounds left till my goal.”
“Whatever.”
I threw the ball again, too far, and it smacked the ceiling fan, flew across the room, and slammed into a Lego castle on my shelves. CRASH! Bricks flew everywhere.
The bedroom door opened and Mom stood in the frame. “James Parker,” she said, hands on her hips. “Give me the ball.”
“It helps me concentrate!” I said. “Do you know how tedious it is to edit on a thirteen-inch screen?”
She tilted her head and looked to Whit. “Keep an eye on my son tonight, Mr. Whitney. He’s grounded from having fun.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Whit said. “I’ll keep him in line.”
Mom stepped inside and kissed us on the foreheads.
“G’night,” I said.
“’Night Mrs. Parker,” echoed Whit.
“Sleep tight, kiddos.”
The moment the brass latch clicked into place, Whit’s brow tightened and his lips curled.
“What is it?” I asked and sat up.
“Does Ryan Brosh still come around?”
“About every day,” I replied. “Chattin’ up my girlfriend whenever Livy turns her back. Why?”
“Wanna make sure he stays away for good?”

*  *  *

Mara’s sunburn had already dissolved into a perfect, basted tan. Striped pajama pants covered the gashes on her legs. Her left eye was still crimson. “What is it?” she whispered as I led her through the bathroom by her wrist.
I turned on the shower, jerked the curtain loudly so Livy would hear the rattle, then stepped in my room and closed the door behind us. “I dunno yet,” I said and nodded to Whit. “This butt-mop wouldn’t say a word till you were here.”
Whit watched Mara as she straddled the desk chair backwards. His smooth cheeks and shit-eating grin reflected the static from the TV. “If I had a dime every time I saw somebody as pretty as you,” he said, “I’d have ten cents.”
“Ha!” Mara scoffed. “If I had a dime every time that line worked on a girl, I’d be broke!”
“Knock it off, lover boy,” I said. “Show us the tape before Livy gets suspicious.”
Whit held an eight-millimeter cassette above his head. “If you tell your sister about this, it will destroy her. Promise me... this stays between us.”
“Promise,” we said in unison.
The camera whirred and the tape slid inside. Whit pushed play.
“It’s just a picture of the woods,” Mara said.
“Shh.” Whit said, then turned the volume up a notch. “Listen.”
The shot was canted and still. “Must’ve left the camera on,” I said.
Whit turned up the volume again. Behind the background noise... there were voices.
Mara swiveled in the chair and leaned forward. “I hear ‘em. Is that Ryan?”
“And some of his high-school buddies,” Whit said.
I knelt beside Mara. Through the background hiss, I recognized the silken voice of Ryan Brosh. “Heck no!” said the jock. “–only one girl–”
“–bullshit!” said a friend. “She’s– like a– Am I right?”
“No, dude– not like that at all!”
“Are they talking about me?” Mara asked.
Whit pointed to the screen. “Shh.”
“Did you– Truth or Dare?”
“Heck no! What are–”
The words turned back into gibberish. Whit leaned closer to the screen. “Here it comes...” he said.
“–date her?” asked the friend.
“Psh!” said Ryan.
“But why not?”
And then, as clear as my father’s polished spectacles, “’Cause I don’t date niggers.”
Mara bowed her head against the chair.
Whit stopped the tape and ejected it.
My nails dug themselves into the palm of my hand. “Nobody talks about Livy like that.”
“You can’t say a word to your sister,” Whit said, then stowed the tape beneath his chair for safe keeping.
“I’m going to kill him,” I said.
“We need to let it play out,” he replied. “Mara? Back me up here, hon.”
She peered at me over the back of the chair. “Don’t tell her, James.”
I released a ribbon of air from my lips and nodded. Then I punched the wall as hard as I could.

*  *  *

It was nighttime and the castle was asleep. I studied the footage with Whit at my side, forcing my eyes open, watching the repetition of shots and scenes, staring at the Evil Prince–hating him, damning him–then pausing every few minutes on a closeup of Mara’s face. Together, we added my Folli sound effects and battled the claustrophobia of another summer night locked between the castle walls.
Suddenly, Dad’s voice exploded from Livy’s bedroom. “Son of a–” He howled and withheld the expletive.
“What now?” I muttered.
Whit was already peering through the crack in the door. The parlor light turned on and he winced.
“Egg-sucking dogs!” Dad exclaimed and something crashed.
I pushed Whit out of the way and opened my door. Livy and Mara were standing by the piano. Mom was squeezing her robe at the chest and blinking in the bright light. Before we could address one another or ask what the heck was going on, Dad emerged from Livy’s room like Donkey Kong preparing to throw a barrel. “Boys! Go to your room! Beth, watch the girls.” He stormed to the stairs and growled, “This ends tonight.”
For a split second, I caught Mara’s glance and felt her gloom. Then Mom swept the girls up like a duck with her ducklings, lead them to her room beneath her wing, then shooed me to bed with a swipe of her hand.
I leapt to my bed and dove to the window.
Whit closed the door and rolled to my side. “Whaddya see?”
“Holy mother of Hannah,” I whispered.
“James! What’s out there?”
“Fire,” I said.
Scrawled in forest floor beneath my window was a single word ten feet wide in flaming cursive: “SING.”
The front door opened and slammed. Foliage shook and two shadows hobbled away. They were old. They were women.
“The church ladies,” I said. “They wrote ‘sing’ in the ground with gasoline or something!”
“Holy shnikies...” Whit said.
I watched as Dad rounded the castle corner. He was hunched, searching the clearing like a raptor on the prowl. He froze beneath our windows. (I swear he sniffed the air.)
A metallic glimmer drew my attention to his right hand.
“Shit!” I said. “Dad’s got a–”
The gun fired before I could finish my sentence. The window pane trembled. Whit coiled and covered his ears. A kid fell out of the tree, two feet away from the flaming letters.
Whit squealed, “What happened?” then saw the horror etched in the creases of my face.
The next two seconds lasted two hours as my father stared at the fallen child with frozen panic. Then the boy leapt up, hid his face from the lunatic with the gun, and barreled full-force into the brush.
Dad sighed, fell against a tree, and watched the fire with a hopeless stare.
“Did he kill somebody?” Whit asked.
I shook my head, inhaled hard, and watched the flames dance in my father’s glasses.

*  *  *

“Maybe they’re high-schoolers,” I said while scooping heaps of sugar into my mouth with a candy stick. “Some of Ryan’s friends?”
“Ryan’s friends never heard Mara sing,” Whit replied.
“Maybe they’re tryin’ to catch a glimpse. We already know she’s the prettiest girl in the world.”
“Duh. But that’s not the reason they’re outside her window or everybody who’s ever laid eyes on her would be with ‘em.”
“Then why are they here?”
“You want me to rationalize super-human powers?”
“I wanna know who they are!” I sucked leftover dust from the cellophane wrapper like a fiend, then ate the stick whole.
“Maybe A.J. told the boys from Ms. Grisham’s house. You said he knows all about their blue bandanas, and we know for a fact that he’s been out there too.”
“Age didn’t even tell Danny about Mara,” I said between chomps. “He wants to keep her a secret as much as we do. No... it’s not the zombies from the Grisham house.”
Whit groaned. “Do you think your dad scared them off for good?”
I opened the second bag of candy, licked my pinky, and swirled it around inside. “Doubt it.”

*  *  *

T-minus four days until the Fairytale premiere.
My parents, the Greenfields, Livy and Ryan Brosh livened up the dining-room table with an energetic game of Monopoly.
Ryan was the canon token. His blonde hair was such an exquisite mess that I imagined he spent hours in the mirror with gel and a brush. He wore a light-pink polo that betrayed both William Shakespeare and Larry Bird, and bared his brilliant blue eyes whenever Mara looked his way.
My sister was the battleship token. Mrs. Greenfield was the dog, a tribute to her Alaskan Malamute named Snickers with different colored eyes. Mr. Greenfield was the hat and his wife made a joke about his bald head. Dad picked the shoe for no other reason than there wasn’t a skyscraper or an eagle, and Mom picked the car instead of the iron or thimble because, “I do enough housework when I’m not playing games!”
Mara and I were forced spectators, bound to my parents’ peripherals and expected to participate in every conversation. We knelt side-by-side on the living-room couch, elbows on the backrest, watching the battle for Boardwalk and Railroads while playing a secret game of footsie where no one could see.
“Dog-nabbit!” exclaimed Mrs. Greenfield. She was stuck in jail and had just failed her second attempt at doubles. She held the die to her ear, shook them in cupped hands, and smiled so big her eyes became tiny slits.
Ryan provided an obnoxious drumroll on the table. When a pair of twos landed face up, he raised his arms and said, “Way to go, Mrs. G!”
Mara caressed my ankle with her toes. She knew my struggle.
Livy slipped her arm beneath Ryan’s and wiggled her head into the crook of his neck. She whispered something, then fingered her new hoop earrings. For the nineteenth time since he arrived, Ryan glanced at Mara, then glared at me, then returned his attention to the girl at his side. Mara’s pinky rubbed a patch of color into my white fist.
Dad began his turn.
Mom caught Mrs. Greenfield staring at the lovebirds with a clear look of concern. “They’re teenagers, Norma,” she said. “Believe me, I’d fend the hormones off if I could.”
“They’re just so innocent! Don’t you just wanna hold ‘em till they’re thirty?”
Ryan straightened his back, gently forcing Livy from his side.
“I do,” Mom said. “Luckily, this evil little prince is a good kid.”
Dad reached over Livy and ruffled Ryan’s hair. Then he rolled the die, moved the shoe seven spaces, and declared, “Reading Railroad. Who do I owe?”
Ryan grinned. “That’ll be a hundred dollars, Mr. P!” he said, then glanced at Mara for the twentieth time.
“Don,” said Mrs. Greenfield, nudging her husband. “Did you tell the kids about your new toys?”
His eyes brightened and the gap in his teeth rose behind his ‘stache. “Do you kids know what a modem is?”
Mara nodded. I shrugged.
“It connects right to the IBM in my living room. Let’s me send messages through the phone lines at nearly twenty-nine kilobits per second!”
“That’s what it’s supposed to do,” said Mrs. Greenfield. “Don’s been having a little trouble with the set up.”
“It was delivered right to our front door,” he continued. “Norma thinks we won a magazine contest. I think it’s an answer to my prayers!”
“You know how Don loves to tinker!”
“Maybe your friend in the wheelchair could give me a hand,” he said, “to show me the ins and outs.”
I nodded.
Livy rolled the die and landed on Community Chest. “You have won second prize in a beauty contest,” she declared. “Collect ten dollars.” She returned the card to the bottom of the deck and muttered, “Yeah, right.”
Ryan missed the hint, leaving the comment to dangle awkwardly in the silence.
“What were the other new toys?” Mara asked Mr. Greenfield. Her interest was genuine; our feet were no longer touching and she didn’t even notice.
“Well,” he said, “the guest room has a brand new furniture set!”
“Real oak,” added his wife. “And a king-sized bed to boot!”
“Cool,” Livy said. “Your turn, Mom.”
“There’s more!” said Mrs. Greenfield.
Her husband pinched the tip of his mustache. “What am I forgetting?”
“The thing you spent all weekend setting up? Remember? In the backyard?”
“Of course!” he said. “The trampoline! Aw, kids... she’s a beaut! A sixteen-footer. Top of the line. Got her at cost.”
“Rad,” Ryan said. Mara and Livy nodded their approval.
I was disinterested and confused. Aside from the fact that Mr. Greenfield referred to his trampoline as a “she”... why were he and his wife trying so hard to win us over? They were my parents’ friends, not ours, and they lived over an hour away. Their only child was eight years older than us. Did they really expect us to spend the night in their new guest room just to jump on a trampoline?
(How blind I was...)
Mom took her turn and landed on Free Parking. “I’d be a millionaire if we were playing by the house rules.”
“That’s why we play by the book,” said Mr. Greenfield, waving the rules above his head.
Ryan glanced at Mara for the fiftieth time and it happened, so subtly that a less-attuned boy might have missed it. His lips pursed. While fixating on Mara–my girlfriend–Ryan’s lips pursed.
“Samantha’s coming in for The Lakeshore Celebration,” Mr. Greenfield said. He might have rolled too, but my eyes and brain and soul were focused on the minuscule creases around Ryan’s mouth.
“That’s exciting!” said Mom.
“She can’t wait to see your movie!” Mrs. Greenfield added, presumably looking at me.
I nodded.
“How do my fireworks look?” asked Mr. Greenfield. “I pointed them right where the director told me!”
I nodded again. 
Ryan caught me scrutinizing his advance and looked away.
Mara caressed my leg with her ankle, but it did little to settle my anger.
Mrs. Greenfield landed on a space already occupied by her husband.
“No trespassing!” he said and she giggled. “And speaking of trespassing–”
“Don’t even bring it up,” Mom said. “Macho Man over here tried to handle it himself.”
Dad’s face flushed, though I couldn’t tell if it was out of embarrassment or anger. His eyes flicked to Mara.
“It’s sick,” said Mrs. Greenfield. “What kind of boys do something like that?”
“Perverts and punks,” said her husband.
“It’s not just boys,” Dad added. “Women too.”
“The women with the scones?”
“Tammy Bakker nut jobs...”
“It’s Tammy Messner now,” corrected Mrs. Greenfield. “And that woman turned her life around.”
Mom rolled her eyes. “The Andersons agreed to keep Fantasia until school starts. She doesn’t need to be around this stress. We called the sheriff–”
“Sheriff Beeder?” asked Mr. Greenfield. “Good man. I sold him a croquet set last fall.”
“He offered to patrol the woods for a night or two. After what happened yesterday, we thought it would be best.” Mom scanned our faces, probably wondering if the conversation was appropriate with Mara in the room. “Olivia and I ordered new curtains from the JCPenny’s catalogue, didn’t we honey?”
She shrugged. “Yeah, but I’m stuck with trash-bag curtains until they get here.”
“Somebody should check those women for brain tumors,” suggested Mrs. Greenfield. “Mara must have been valuable to their ministry. That’s all I can figure.”
Grownup logic at its best, I thought, from adults who never heard her sing.
“You never need to worry about those creepers,” Ryan said. He was speaking to Livy, but his eyes were on Mara. “I won’t let anyone hurt you.” Then it happened again–fully formed this time–his lips pursed. His eyes closed. He blew my girlfriend a single, invisible kiss.
I looked at Mara. She was placid, but smiling as if Ryan Brosh never called Livy that terrible word. Did she even care? Had she already forgiven him? Bestowed him penance and a single Hail Mary for being a racist jerk? Where was her anger? Where was the outrage that once released unspoken terror on Little Trevor Tooth Fairy? Did the stint on the hill–Mara’s unanswered plea for rescue–make her indifferent to the earthlings’ moral code? Was she still restrained by an invisible force? Restrained because Whit asked us not to tattle? Did her promise bind her magically to his command? Here sat Ryan Brosh–eviler than any toothless, neck-jabbing buttwipe–and Mara’s blood-stained eye didn’t even twitch. Here sat Ryan Brosh, grinning, spouting flattery to “Mr. P” and “Mr. G”, laughing as if he was one of the family, tonsiling my sister to prove his love, trampling her self-esteem, her self-worth, her eventual acceptance of her dark skin as she teetered the brink of a hopeless adolescence; a terrible time for normal kids, down-right shitty for adopted girls. Ryan didn’t understand my sister’s delicate mindset any better than I did, a mindset cultivated by my mother, reinforced by my father, broken again and again by her ignorant peers, then built back up with a careful balance of love, distance, and discipline that was never made apparent to us kids.
It was Dad’s turn but I didn’t care. How many times I forgave Ryan’s manipulation. The lies to Mara in the basement, the seemingly innocuous flirtation, the zombie-ferrets in my trees because–somehow–they too were his fault. Now he was in my home, air-kissing my girlfriend, boiling with jealousy because I had succeeded where he had failed. She’s mine, Mr. Brosh, I thought as I bore holes through his face with lasers from my eyes. I’m the boy who saved her from that witch. I’m the boy who carried her up that hill. I’m the boy who helped bury her cat. Not you, Ryan Brosh. Not you.
Every time he brushed a braid behind Livy’s ear, he was unknowingly flicking the latch on Pandora’s box. And if Mara cared, she didn’t show it.
Livy counted spaces and slid her battleship to Marvin’s Gardens. “I’ll buy it!” she said.
“Good call,” said Ryan.
I had become a champion at sitting on my hands, bitting my tongue, and repressing the longing in my gut (caught between the molten desire to make Mara sing, the anger demanding the head of Danny Bompensaro, the craving to herald “She’s mine!” to the world, and the pining prayer for Ryan to purse his lips one more time just so I’d have a reason to strike him dead).
It was Ryan’s turn. He looked at Mara, snatched the die, and blew them for luck. But as he blew, his mouth tightened, the lines around his lips pursed, and I pounced.
My thigh rammed the table, knocking over tokens and sending hotels to new properties.
Ryan’s chair clattered to the floor. He was on the ground in seconds, back against the tile with my knuckles pummeling his throat.
“James!” Mom shouted, but I ignored her plea, raised my fist above my head, and jammed it into the soft parts of Ryan’s body over and over again as if he too killed Mara’s cat; as if three months of push-ups had prepared me for this very fight.
The dads pushed aside their seats and fake money fluttered to the floor.
“You’re hurting him!” Livy screamed.
Dad took an elbow to the ribs and fell backward into my sister.
Ryan’s knee jerked and connected hard with my crotch. I tumbled sideways, but before I could shout “racist pig” his hands were tightening around my throat.
“Do something!” cried Mrs. Greenfield.
I felt the heat rising to my cheeks as I gagged and gasped for air. His hands were huge. His eyes were black.
Mr. Greenfield forced his arms between us and finally pried us apart. He held Ryan at one side of the table. Dad caught me and held me at the other.
“I’ve had enough!” Mom said.
“What’s gotten into you kids?” Mrs. Greenfield asked, hugging Mara on the back of the couch.
Ryan huffed.
Mara knew what I wanted to do. She shook her head and mouthed, “No James.”
I wiped spit from my lips with the back of my arm. I coughed and I winced. Then I looked my nemesis right in the eyes, ignored Mara’s silent plea, and growled, “Ryan called Livy a nigger.”

*  *  *

T-minus three days until the Fairytale premiere.
I managed to pee one time before the usual commotion overtook the shared bathroom. I noticed a pillow in the bathtub and wondered if it was Livy or Mara who had claimed the porcelain bed.
For the next twenty-four hours, I did my best to ignore the clamor of cosmetics, muffled cries, screaming sobs, lectures, encouragement, and the awkward bouts of laughter. The bathroom had become a spaceship airlock; if my door wasn’t closed when Livy’s opened, the castle would implode. Steam hissed through the cracks as my sister sucked the furnace dry with hour-long showers.
Because Mara was entitled to her privacy, Mom used my bathroom door whenever she needed to check on Livy. She always knocked... but if Livy didn’t answer immediately, she jimmied the lock with a paperclip and barged in, releasing a chemical-cocktail of nail polish, hairspray, and artificial fruit into my room.
Around noon I heard a strange sound from the bathroom; tink-tink-tink-tink like a semi-automatic pellet gun. The sound continued in bursts over the next forty-five minutes, but I wouldn’t discover the source until that evening. Beneath the piano was a plastic toy bin. Inside were Livy’s hair beads–a hundred at least–rolling around the bottom between wooden blocks and Tinker Toys.
Mara and I spoke only once that day. I caught her praying on the bedroom floor. Her ratty sweatpants and faded orange tee seemed like a hopeless attempt to look scrubby. “We shouldn’t be so affectionate,” she said. “’Specially around Livy.”
“Yeah, but–”
“She’s sad, James. If she sees us hugging, it’s only gonna make it worse.”
I grimaced, but took my punishment like a man. At least Ryan Brosh was out of my life for good.
“Does your throat hurt?” she asked.
I lifted my chin and massaged my Adam’s apple. “Only when I touch it.”
“Here.” She unzipped a polka-dot bag, fished out a plastic clam, opened it, and tenderly powdered my neck.
“I’m sorry I told her,” I said.
Mara inspected my flesh for patches of purple and dabbed them with a pad.
My father was in the bathroom now. His words were smothered by the cosmetic cloud and brick walls, but his tone with Livy was empathetic. It sounded like he was offering her advice, but her replies were short, sharp, and defiant.
“Do you think she knows?” I asked.
“Knows what?”
“That Ryan was using her to get to you.”
Mara placed the pad back in its shell and snapped it shut. “Yeah,” she said. “She knows.”
Later that evening, Mom enlisted Livy’s two closest friends to coax her back to reality.
Kimmy tried first, rattling the door handle and pounding the wood. “Hey girl! Get your skinny butt outta there! Didja fall in the pot?”
Haley had a kinder approach. “Livy? Honey? We miss you. We heard the nasty things that creepo said and we’re so sorry. Come in your room so we can talk.”
The girls returned to the parlor without Livy. Kimmy shrugged, then walked to Mara. “Holy smokes. Your eye is bleeding!”
“It’ll go away soon,” Mara said.
Kimmy hugged her. “I heard about Dorothy... you’ve been through so much!” She stroked Mara’s hair. “I finally got my own phone line, so if you ever need to talk...”
Mara nodded, then broke the embrace. “Thanks.”
We formed a pow-wow on the parlor rug. Mom offered to nuke some Jiffy Pop, but we declined.
Kimmy nodded to the bathroom. “What’s she been doing in there?”
“Crying, mostly,” I said. “When she was little, Dad and I called them ‘Livy Tivys.’”
“Cute.”
“But they’ve never been this bad.”
For a half hour we chatted on the floor, pausing every few minutes to speculate the bathroom’s thumps and groans until a loud crash stiffened our spines. We sat in absolute silence, swapping a daisy-chain of concerned looks, waiting for another sound to confirm my sister was alive.
“Crap!” she said through the brick wall.
We relaxed.
Haley touched my knee. “I can’t wait to see your movie on Wednesday. My whole family’s coming to watch.”
“Neat,” I muttered.
“How’s it goin’?”
“I don’t really wanna talk about it.”
Her hand retreated from leg. Before I could apologize or explain my reaction, the bathroom door creaked and Livy finally emerged.
She was a train wreck, but not in the way we expected. Her hair was not just beadless, but straight, uneven, and white.
We stood... but nobody spoke.
Livy stepped with forced elegance, one foot in front of the other like a busted drunk driver. As she approached, she carried with her the stench of singed hair. Her eyes were encased with liner, thick like melted wax.
She was trying to look older, but the caked makeup and sickly saunter had the opposite effect, evoking the blind loftiness of a teenage prostitute.
“Oh, Livy...” we said. “What did you do?”
“Sorry I kept you waiting,” she replied, her voice hoarse from crying. “I thought I’d try something new!” She cocked her head and brushed the blonde behind her shoulder.
Mom stirred in the kitchen. “Do I hear that sweet child of mine?” she asked. “You missed a beautiful summer day all locked up in–” She emerged from the archway, saw her daughter, and gasped. Her eyes welled as she crossed the room. She bypassed Livy, took hold of Mara’s head, and seethed an inch from her face, “What are you doing to my family?!”

*  *  *

“You look a little better,” Mom said. “How do you feel?”
“A little better.”
“You scared me tonight, Liv. I know it’s been a rough couple of days...”
“Why’d he say it, Mom?”
“Because boys can be cruel.”
“I knew he liked Mara...”
“You did?”
“...but I thought that maybe a part of him liked me too.”
“Here, sweetie. Wipe your eyes with this.”
Livy sniffled. “Thanks.”
“You know you’re perfect, right?”
“I know you think I’m perfect.”
“Every time you look in the mirror, you need to tell yourself that.”
“Whatever.”
“Do it.”
“Huh?”
“Right now. Look at yourself.”
“Uhg.”
“You see?”
“I see a monster.”
“Do you see how pretty you are? Do you see how strong you are?”
“You’re such a liar.”
“You know why you have to be strong?”
“No... but I bet you’re gonna tell me.”
“Because Fantasia is coming home next week. She’s only an infant, but you’ll still have an effect on her. Whether you like it or not, you’re a role model to all of our temporary blessings. And who knows what colors they’re gonna be!”
“You know what?”
“What?”
“You’re a good mom.”
“Now who’s the liar? Did you hear what I said to that poor girl?”
“Mara? Yeah, that was pretty harsh.”
“I have no idea what came over me. I need to apologize.”
“Hold this for me? Thanks.”
“Tell me something, sweet child. How exactly did your hair turn white?”
“I found bleach in the laundry room. Works wonders.”
“Olivia Jean Parker.”
“What?”
“I love you.”
“I love you too, Mom.”

*  *  *

“You told your sister, you pickle-pricked bastard.”
The phone cord tangled my waist and thigh as I paced the living room. “How’d you know that?” I asked Whit.
“Mara told me.”
“When did you talk to Mara?”
“I called you earlier and she picked up. Said you were busy takin’ a dump. How’d Livy react?”
“Like you’d expect.”
“Poor girl.”
“She had a right to know. And at least I never hafta see Ryan Brosh again.”
“Too bad you’re grounded,” Whit said. “They’re already settin’ up the Zipper and the Gravitron. The whole street smells like cinnamon.”
“I don’t have time for rides. If I don’t spend the next two days editing...”
“How far are we?”
“The opening and the red room scene are both finalized. The war needs sound. The evil prince and the ending are still under construction.”
“Damn. How ‘bout the credits?”
“Still gotta write them on poster board, but my penmanship sucks.”
“Ask the girls.”
“It’s impossible to stay focused in this house.”
Whit scoffed. “It’s only gonna get worse, my friend.”
“Thanks for the encouragement.”
“I’m just sayin’... you can’t contain the chaos forever.”
“What do you mean?”
“Haven’t you read Jurassic Park?”
“I saw the movie. Seven times.”
“You remember Malcolm?”
“The guy with greasy hair.”
“In the novel, Malcolm gets high on morphine and starts ranting about how it’s impossible to constrain complex systems. The dinosaurs are an epic force of nature, and nature can’t be controlled.”
“Um, okay.”
“The scientists do everything they can to contain the dinosaurs. They build massive electric fences, implement state-of-the-art security systems, hire hunters and archeologists and lawyers to test out the park... they even engineer the dinos so they can’t breed.”
“Right.”
“But what happens? The raptors escape. They build nests. They reproduce. They conspire. They learn the patterns of the supply boats and–despite every effort to contain them–they get off the island.”
“Are you calling Mara a dinosaur?”
“Mara Lynn is a complex system; way more complex than a dinosaur. She doesn’t belong in our world, much less your sister’s bedroom. If you think she’s gonna sit, stay, and roll over because you pet her, you’re gravely mistaken.”
“What ever happened to the nerd who once traded candy for a picture of a naked girl?”
“It happening, James. It’s right in front of you and you don’t even see it.”
“What’s in front of me?”
“Expectations of stability. You buy school supplies. You ask Mara to go out with you and she says yes. You beat up Ryan as if it matters.”
“It does matter.”
“While you’re busy planning a nice, linear path for your future with Mara, your dad is outside shooting kids outta the trees.”
“That was an accident!”
“Your mom sent the twins away.”
“Yeah? So?”
“Your sister went berserk.”
“Get to the point. I’ve got work to do.”
“Ms. Grisham tried to contain her too. Look what happened.”
“That was different. There were boys spying on her from the...” I caught my mistake, but it was too late.
“Precisely,” said Whit.
“Sheriff Beeder’s patrolling the woods as we speak. Those boys are done for. Besides, I’m way smarter than kookie Ms. Grisham.”
“You said she had three locks on her front door.”
“Yeah.”
“And barbed wire in the bushes.”
“What about it?”
“She kept Mara on the second floor, handcuffed her ankle to a pedestal, pulled her out of the fifth grade, never let her out of the house alone, and slept in bed with her.”
“What’s your freakin’ point?”
“All those precautions... and you know what toppled her master plan? An ad for a camera. Grisham spent ten years perfecting her security system. Then a twelve-year-old boy responds to a classified ad and two days later, she’s rotting in prison and Mara’s gone forever. You really think you have a tighter grip? There’re too many factors; too many variants. Mara Lynn is the personification of chaos and sooner or later, she’s gonna break free.”
“But I’m different.”
“Why? Because you were the only boy she ever ate crackers with in a tree?”
“Yes!”
“After months of staring at boys outside her window, the hottest girl in the world sees pudgy James Parker and says, ‘I pick that one!’”
“She didn’t sneak out with other boys! And even if she did, she chose me. And that’s got nothin’ to do with dinosaurs.”

*  *  *

T-minus two days until the Fairytale premiere.
That morning, I glued myself to my chair and attempted to edit the remainder of our summer project, but my conversation with Whit had annihilated my ability to concentrate. What if he was right?
He wasn’t right, but I had to prove him wrong. That afternoon, I crept into Livy’s room to inspect the corners of Mara’s sheets. They were clean, wrinkle free, and never used for climbing. I rifled the junk beneath her bed. I scoured the colorful depths of the shared closet. I looked anywhere a picnic basket might hide, but came up empty.
Trash bags were taped to the window’s trim as protection against the tree-top perverts. It was a temporary solution, but the bags looked like cancerous membranes and gave the room a dismal, horror-show quality.
Despite a lack of evidence to support Whit’s musings, his dire premonition lodged itself in the coiled crannies of my brain, took root in the tissue, and squeezed.
It got worse at night. My mind digressed every time I pressed “pause,” switched tapes, or spent more than a second considering a shot. I recalled our first night together; Mara’s rapid preparation of the crackers and cheese, her intimate knowledge of the ladder’s rusty nails, her deft footwork and lack of trepidation when scaling the wall and hurdling the hidden wire.
I recalled my attraction to her playful personality. Was this another example of manipulation by the “It” that created her? Did I view Mara as a free-spirit because that’s what my personality needed in order to fall head-over-heels? If she really did visit other boys in the trees, how did she behave for them? If they were sickos, was she bound to their perversions? How far would she go to maintain her personalized, universal appeal?
I re-watched the church scene on the TV. It felt stilted. Uninspired. And the more I imagined cracker crumbs and smeared brie between Mara and some other boy, the uglier my film became.

*  *  *

Sheriff Beeder had left a lawn chair and an empty pack of Camels in the woods beneath Livy’s window. I seized the seat, buried the cigs with my toe, and aimed my flashlight casually through the midnight trees.
The movie could wait.

*  *  *

One day until the Fairytale premier.
Ryan’s apology was a formal affair arranged in the castle driveway and supervised by our mothers.
Livy went first. From my perch on Leo’s stone pelt, I watched my sister exit the front door with Mom by her side. They walked hand-in-hand to the hood of Ryan’s own Toyota Tercel; a rusty gas-guzzler that seemed to be assembled from discarded toasters. The large hood doubled as a conference table with Ryan on one side, his victim on the other, and the mothers keeping the peace at the headlights.
Ryan removed a letter from his back pocket, opened it, and read it to Livy.
She didn’t speak, nod, or provide any indication that she cared about Ryan’s apology.
The mothers exchanged a glance, suggesting they were either capable of telecommunication or–as I always suspected–part of a singular mind shared by every other mom on the planet.
Ryan finished the letter. Livy avoided his eyes, grappled for Mom’s arm, kept herself composed for the length of the sidewalk, then collapsed on the inside of the door.
My turn was next. I told Mom I could talk to Ryan alone, but she pinched my neck and ushered me to the presence of my ex-leading man.
The yellow remains of a bruise poked from Ryan’s collar. He didn’t have a girlfriend to powder his sores.
Ryan didn’t write me a note. “I’m sorry I choked you,” he said, less reluctantly than I anticipated. “And I’m sorry for the name I called your sister.”
“Mara doesn’t like you anymore!” I blurted.
“James Parker!” Mom said. “What did we talk about?”
“Anymore?” Ryan asked. “She changed her mind?”
I gouged my fists into the metal hood. “She’s mine now and you stay the hell away!”
“James!” Mom said again, then apologized to Mrs. Brosh.
I groaned. I was happy to parley with my valiant nemesis, but the presence of the moms emasculated my victory and turned our month-long war into nothing but a boys-will-be-boys brawl over a sideways glance. “I’m sorry about how I handled the situation,” I muttered. “I’m sorry I beat you up.”
We were made to shake hands. As Ryan released his grip, he looked through tears in his blue eyes. And for that moment, I actually believed he was sorry.

*  *  *

Twenty hours until the Fairytale premiere.
Orion was hunting the night sky above our heads. I pointed to the constellation as Mara leaned closer to follow the tip of my finger.
“Three in a row?” she asked.
“That’s his belt.”
“I see it. Neato.”
Autumn was still a month away, but the air was cool and crisp and brought back memories of shucking corn with my sister. The roof was hard against our backs, but we didn’t care.
The lake was a puddle of ink without the moonlight, but its distant lapping provided our date with a dreamy, undulating soundtrack.
Mara was eating gummy bears, red ones first, then white, green, and finally the yellows. She named every bear, then watched as they marched along her waist, waged wars across her tummy, and fell in love atop her chest. Eventually, every gummy either lost their heads in battle, killed themselves by jumping off her torso, or met their end in another creatively morbid way, giving Mara the excuses she needed to gobble up their remains.
The movie was waiting for me in my room, but my girlfriend requested company. Besides, we both needed a break from our punishment and the dreary confines of the castle.
Mara’s head was in my lap. Our faces were amber in the light of a dancing candle. I made a goofy face to calm her nerves. She grinned, then stuck out her tongue and crossed her eyes.
I removed a marker from a plastic bag. Mara adjusted her head, mashing her hair into my thighs like a mortar and pestle, then I marked her exposed earlobe with a black dot. She looked right, and I did it again.
I capped the marker, dropped it in the bag, and covered my yawn with my arm.
“Already sleepy, sleepyhead?”
“It’s been a long few days,” I said. 
The safety pin was next. I unclipped it, then held the tip over the candle until it turned brilliant orange. With my free hand, I reached in the bag and dramatically removed a peach to divert Mara’s attention away from the hot needle. “We’re outta apples,” I said. “Think this’ll work?”
Her shoulders touched my knees with a shrug. Her smile masked the blood in her broken eye. “Do it quick, kay?”
I pressed the peach into the soft junction of neck, jaw and hair. Her earlobe rested on the fruit’s fuzzy skin.
“James, do you ever feel like we’re too young to think the things we think?”
I touched the metal tip to the center of the dot, then pressed hard through the fleshy lump of ear. “Every day since I met you,” I said. I felt a slight burst of relief as the needle punctured the peach on the opposite side. There was something provocative in the sight of Mara’s wince and the smell of singed fruit...
“You’ve been a gentleman,” she said.
“What do you mean?” I removed the needle, used the peach as a pin-cushion, then quickly worked an earring into the fresh hole. It was sterling silver–Mara told me earlier–with a violet Swarovski bead.
“We’re supposed to be boyfriend and girlfriend, but you’re the only one who really acts like it.” She pinched the bead between her thumb and forefinger, then turned in my lap. “You’re gonna write about me someday and I’m gonna read every word. I don’t wanna look back and realize how bad I treated you. I’m your first girlfriend.”
“Mara, you’re–”
“I know you don’t have a choice but to like me. I know that any other boy would be just as sweet to me, ‘cause they have to. But I want you to know that it doesn’t make your kindness less special. I don’t appreciate you any less just ‘cause other boys like me too. Does that make sense?” She groaned. “It sounded better in my head.”
Her words hung between us like a white balloon. I torched the needle for a second time, brushed a strand of hair from her eye, and positioned the peach behind her lobe.
“I see the things you do for me,” she said.
I punctured her again. She didn’t wince.
“You gave that film to social services. Most boys wouldn’t do that, even if it meant saving my life. I know you’ve been exercising. I hear you sometimes, grunting, counting sit ups. It makes me feel... warm.”
The compliment stung. I had a mental list of every nice thing that Mara ever said to me, but they were always part of a game or joke. This time, the words carried sincerity that drove me a little mad; mad because this was the only person who could instill such a feeling of affirmation in my soul; mad because I could never return the favor. 
“I think about your creativity.” Mara sat up, took the pin and peach from my hands, and set them aside. “You’re like one of those scruffy artists who goes totally nuts.” She plucked the second earring form my palm and slid it through her ear like a business woman returning from an affair.
Whatever color her eyes were before that moment, it didn’t matter. Tonight, they were purple, matching exquisitely the crystals dangling against her cheeks. “Know what else?” she asked.
I was weightless. Dumbstruck.
“Sometimes I think you’re so wrapped up in ‘who likes who’ or what line of dialogue to cut... I don’t think you realize how cool you are.”
My peripherals darkened. I felt faint, but I didn’t black out.
“I recognize my own faults too, ya know. That day on the hill was bad. You could’ve teased me for weeks ‘cause of that.”
Every word simultaneously pulled me in and pushed me back, kinda like the zolly shots in Vertigo where the lens zooms in but the camera pulls out. Beautiful anxiety took me over, and the suave boy who pierced a girl’s ears was melting into goo and seeping through his own feet. “I need to finish editing.” I said.
“Don’t go,” Mara replied and laid her back across the roof’s paper tar.
“The art show...” I stammered. “It’s tomorrow. The rides are already up outside. They have a VCR waiting for me.”
“Don’t go,” she said again and I found myself laying beside her, holding hands, watching the stars. “This night will be perfect if you stay. We can lay exactly like this until our muscles get all stiff. We can pretend like the movie doesn’t matter, that we made it, that it was fun, but that, in the end, it doesn’t really matter. Eventually, everything’s gonna change and run off without us... but maybe we can make tonight last forever if we try hard enough. You know that moment when you hug somebody you like? When your heart feels warm and high and tingly in your chest? When you feel just for a second like a baby in a womb... that nothing matters? That’s how I want you to feel tonight. That’s what a girlfriend should do, I think.”
So I stayed with Mara on the castle roof. Just a little longer.

*  *  *

“Son of a bee hive,” I said. “They’re back.”
Five smallish boys dismounted their bikes at the top of the driveway, then walked them quietly through the woods.
“Forgot ‘em, James,” Mara said, leaning back on her elbows.
Bellydown, I peered over the brick barrier and squinted to make out the faces. My first assumption was that Ryan Brosh was storming the castle to kidnap Mara. But these boys were offish and awkward, and Ryan’s friends would have carried their bikes. A glint of starlight snagged a pair of glasses.
“Don’t let them ruin another night,” Mara said.
“What time is it?” I asked.
“Late.”
I crawled back to Mara’s side. “What if they build another ladder?”
“Then your dad’ll tear it down.”
Again, I imagined Mara lulling Livy to sleep with a tape of her voice, tossing a blanket from the bedroom window, shimmying down the wall, and kissing one of the ferrety trespassers in a tree.
“We should check it out,” I said, then blew out the candle. “We’ll come right back. I promise.”

*  *  *

“Their bikes are gone. They must’ve ditched ‘em closer to the driveway.”
Mara yawned. “Let’s finish our movie, James.”
I stood on my pillow to get a better angle. “There’s three of them. They’re looking for the rungs.”
“Thanks for the piercing my ears tonight...”
“Should I go out there? Give ‘em a good scare?”
“Your Dad’ll kill you. Any more trespassers–”
“–and we call the sheriff. I know.”
Mara stepped toward the door. “Goodnight, James.”
“Wait!” I said. “They’re looking up now.”
“How many times are we gonna do this?”
I watched the boys step backwards and crane their necks. They were fixated on something, but not with their usual zombie-like trance. “They’re laughing,” I said and narrowed my eyes. “They’re looking in your room and laughing.”
“They’re always looking in my room,” she said.
“But Mara, you’re not there.”
Mara Lynn looked at me and our eyes widened at the exact same time. I leapt off the bed, joined her at the bathroom door, and we ran hand-in-hand to Livy’s bedroom.
The trash-bag curtains were lying in a tattered heap on the ground. Pieces of duct tape were still attached to the window molding. Livy was positioned in the center of the frame, hair frazzled and blonde, arms poised above her head, gyrating in a teal bra and matching underwear that I once saw peeking from the rim of Mara’s jeans.
“What the heck, Liv!” I cried.
She twirled to face us. Her ribs heaved with a tremendous breath. A smile garnished her white face; plaster-white like cement before it dries.
“Oh Livy,” Mara said.
My sister walked like a porcelain doll brought to life; a limp spine, top-heavy swagger, and a pair of earrings that jostled as she stepped. “Like my lipsticcck?” she asked, staring at Mara. “Like my eyeshadooow and my headbaaand and my undieees? Recognize them Maaaraaa?”
As Livy approached, I could see the gruesome details of her transformation. Blisters infected her scalp. Her hair was brittle and frayed. The lipstick filled her chapped lips like pink spackle. I backed away because, if cooties existed, they were feeding on my sister.
Mara cowered in the doorway as Livy loomed overhead. “They like me,” she purred, “They like me out there, Maaaraaa. And Ryan’s gonna like me too.” Her grin expanded... then fell. She reached out her hand–still black except for sporadic patches of paint–and fingered Mara’s new earring.
“You...” Livy couldn’t finish her sentence. Without warning, she reeled back, spit in Mara’s face, dashed to the bathroom, and wailed.

*  *  *

Six hours until the Fairytale premiere.
The forest was golden. The sun passed through the dense canopy as if the leaves were scraps of yellow cellophane, diffusing the light into a visible, tangible atmosphere.
I wanted to hold Mara’s hand, but she shied away whenever I made a move. Maybe she didn’t want Whit to see us touch.
It was a nostalgic afternoon. The three of us strolled through the castle estate, chatting about our summer as if it was eons ago, kicking the cardboard remains of soggy roman candles, and cringing at the yellow snapdragon stain in the driveway. Whit and I reenacted our first encounter with Danny and A.J. in the woods. Mara found the patch of onion weeds where we filmed her conversation with Dorothy. She plucked a purple flower and wove it through her hair.
“I have presents,” Whit said. “Grab my bag?”
Mara heaved the backpack from beneath his chair.
“Open it,” he said.
She unzipped the main pocket and removed a statue of a gold man holding a star above his head. She read the plate at the base of the trophy and smiled. “This one says James.”
I took it and read the text aloud, “Best Director, James Parker. Fairytale, 1994.”
“They’re supposed to look like Oscars,” Whit said. “I got one for Livy for best makeup. Mine’s at home–”
“On your achievement shelf?” Mara asked.
“Dead center.”
She pulled out a second trophy and read the inscription. “Best Actress: Mara Lynn Landon. Fairytale, 1994.”
“Whit,” I said, “these are–”
“Totally killer. You’re welcome.”
“But the movie–”
“Disappointing, I know. But these trophies will commemorate the good times.”
Mara bent down and hugged him (a second too long if you asked me) then thanked him profusely.
“We’ll finish it next week,” I said. “Maybe we can have a showing over Labor Day weekend.”
“Yeah,” he said. “That’ll be fun.”
“Mr. Parker?” 
We turned around.
The voice belonged to Sheriff Beeder. He was making the rounds along the rear castle wall, collecting evidence at my father’s demand. “Excuse me, Mr. Parker?” he called again.
When I realized that I was Mr. Parker, I handed my trophy to Mara and pushed Whit toward the house and man.
“Your parents want you to stay close,” he said. “Would you mind playing in the front yard until we catch the delinquents?”
“Sure thing, Officer Beeder,” I said.
“How long’s it gonna take?” asked Whit.
The man flashed a jolly lumberjack smile, “The woods’ll be yours again before you know it!”
“Would it really hurt if we stayed a little longer?” Mara asked.
“Well little lady, I’m afraid I have strict orders from your parents to keep you outta these woods. And as a county sheriff–”
Mara stepped forward. Her voice quivered with a subtle, yet natural southern drawl. “Surely there’s something we can do to have a few more minutes in the woods.”
“I’m sorry, kids–”
“We can go,” I said. “Really, it’s not a big deal.” I grabbed Mara’s hand but she jerked away without breaking her dainty self-control.
She stepped forward. “Sheriff, we’d like to play in the woods for five more minutes.”
His left knee was bent, causing his whole body to slouch to one side like a puppet without a hand up its butt.
I looked at Whit. He shrugged.
Mara took another step which placed her two feet away from the paralyzed cop. She tilted her head with all the innocence of a farmer’s daughter, but her voice lowered to a sinister purr. “Mr. Beeder?”
His shoulder twitched and his knee snapped to attention. “Why don’t you kids poke around the woods for a bit?” he said. “No harm in that, I suppose!”
Mara relaxed her porcelain pose and skipped back to my side. “That’s so sweet of you, Sheriff Beeder, but my friends and I have decided to hang out by the beach. Thanks again!”
The man tipped his hat, “Probably for the best. G’day miss.”
Whit and I questioned Mara about her audacity, but she ignored us. As we strolled around the castle, we watched the sheriff poking around the stumps and raspberries bushes. Twice he bent down: once to inspect a mysterious pile of deer turds, and once to retrieve a plastic baggie from the weeds. He sniffed the baggie, removed a sheath from his pocket, then slipped the suspicious-looking bag inside.
We rolled Whit down the retaining wall staircase one step at a time. Mara took the front and I took the back, lifting just enough to control the bounce. “You two are better than shocks!” he said.
We sat together on the top ridge of the dune and raked our fingers through the sand. Mara discovered a solitary dandelion tangled in the grass. “Look at this wish,” she said. “Must be the last one of the summer.”
“Wish?” I dug my fingers below the root system and plucked it from the sand. “Around here, we call ‘em ‘dandelions.’”
“They’re called taraxacum officinale,” Whit said.
I rolled my eyes.
“The dune grass must’ve kept the seeds from floating away.”
Mara pinched the stem and gently removed it from my hand. “I bet it’s extra lucky.”
“I wonder why the silliest things grant wishes,” I said. “Weeds, eyelashes, chicken bones, horse poop, clovers... if they really worked, you’d think they’d be harder to find.”
“Or everybody on the planet would be happy,” Whit said.
Mara ignored our cynicism. She held the flower to her perfect lips, closed her eyes, and blew away the delicate seeds.

*  *  *

Mara’s new earrings were a side note in the hectic afternoon. Mom missed them in the previous night’s chaos, but noticed them immediately in the daylight. Mara left me out of it, claiming she pierced them by herself.
I knew enough about the fostering rulebook to know that Mom was supposed to report Mara’s shenanigans to the social worker. Instead, she complimented her on the pretty shade of violet, then suggested a dab of alcohol twice a day to ward off infection.
Mom spent the rest of the day apologizing to friends and family for the canceled screening, explaining–the best she knew how–the reasons for my procrastination.
While Mara and Whit made lemon-lime slushes in the blender, Dad tapped me on the shoulder and ushered me discreetly into his office. “James,” he said, “have a seat.”
I rarely saw my father in his element. He looked dignified among rows of books, unraveled blueprints, and a mug of pens on his cherry-wood desk. He pointed to the drawings and asked, “Do you know what these are?”
“Blueprints?” I said.
“On the surface, you’re right. But to your old man, they’re more than a bunch of straight lines on blue paper.”
The blender whirred in the kitchen followed by a flood of giggles. Get to the stinkin’ point, Dad.
“When I see a drawing that’s incomplete, I know it means that I get to spend less time with you and your sister. It means less time with my beautiful wife. Sometimes, an incomplete drawing wears me out so much that I need to lock myself in the tower and watch birds, just to feel...” He paused to search for the perfect word. “...untethered. I see unfinished work, and I want to throw it on the floor and run home to my family. But that’s the job. And if I don’t finish the drawings, my clients get mad. And if I lose clients, then I can’t be the executive producer on my son’s brilliant films. My job requires me to meet deadlines, and I’ve never missed one.”
I finally saw where this lecture was going. I nodded.
Dad leaned forward and watched me over his spectacle rims. “But there’s more to these blueprints than a lesson about procrastination. These drawings represent the sheer joy I have for my job. I’m one of the few, James. I get to do what I love. When I was your age, I made a promise to myself that I was going to be an architect. It took hard work and persistence, but eventually, I made it. And that’s what I want for you. If you want to be a director, then work your butt off until you become a director. Figure out what you love to do, and make that your job. There’s nothing more important in life.”
“I’m sorry,” I said. “I didn’t mean to–”
“No excuses, son. Just remember what I said.”
“I will.”
Dad turned his attention to the sheet in front of him and removed a pen from the mug.
I stood.
“James?” he said without looking up.
“Yeah, Dad?”
“What’s the story with you and Mara?”
“What do you mean?”
Dad ignored my question. I knew exactly what he meant, and he knew it.
“We’re friends...” I said. “But we kinda like each other too.” Not another lecture, I thought. Please not another lecture!
“Does your mother know?”
“No. Please don’t tell her!”
Dad placed his pen in the mug, removed his glasses altogether, and spoke as much with his eyes as with his voice. “I’ll refrain from telling your mother... on one condition.”
“What is it?”
“I want you to enjoy the night.”
The expression on my face reflected my puzzlement.
“When I told you that there’s nothing more important in life than doing what you love for a living, I was lying.”
“What–”
“Tonight will be Mara’s first time at a carnival, am I right?”
“You’re right.”
“She’s had a messy childhood, James. And I know some of that has been rubbing off on you. If you like that girl, then treat her right tonight. Split an elephant ear, show her the rides, share the excitement. Tell her how you feel, unabashedly and unafraid. And if she doubts you, tell her again. Most importantly, remember the moments you spend together, then keep those memories safe. There’s nothing sweeter in life than young love. You only experience it once, and it’s over much too soon.”

*  *  *

As the reader of this memoir, you’re probably wondering why the hell my parents let us out of the house after the mayhem the little foster girl brought upon our home. But keep in mind your privileged perspective. You see the important bits laid out before you in structured prose. The cruelty of Danny Bompensaro, Livy’s break with reality, the boys in the trees, Ms. Grisham’s roll of film, the twins’ bad behavior, my incomplete fairytale; you see Mara as the eye of the storm. But to my parents, these were isolated incidents without a logical link. Putting the pieces together required faith in the impossible, a childlike understanding of Mara’s total effect. Mom approached a fantastical explanation after a trip to the mall. She recognized the mysterious force urging her to buy ungodly amounts of clothes for the child. But in the end, black can never be white, one plus one must always equal two, and Mara Lynn was a normal little girl.
Besides, we were kids. Not only did the carnival mark the end of our summer vacation, but it would be Mara’s first experience. To deny us the taste of cotton candy and the nausea from upside-down rides was practically a form of child abuse.
My parents may have been lax, but total freedom was not an option. Mara and I were still grounded, Livy was a basket case, and Whit’s Mom would only let him go if there was a strict chaperone. Since the night had already been reserved for the cancelled Fairytale premiere, Mom and Dad were free to serve as our personal bodyguards.
Livy begged to stay home. She was already scheduled to see a therapist on the first day of eighth grade, a punishment she considered adequate for dancing semi-nude for strange boys and spitting on Mara. But Mom refused to leave her alone. “If you’re not up to riding the rides, you’re welcome to join the old geezers on the bench. Your father and I love to people-watch in big crowds.”
“Riiight,” Livy said. “So my friends can spot me hangin’ with my parents while Mara’s being adorable and havin’ fun.”
When Livy prepared herself for the evening with powder on her arms, legs, and exposed midriff, Mom confiscated her makeup case, replaced the stash in her purse with a single tube of lip gloss, and lead her–sobbing–to the car.
We arranged to meet Kimmy and Haley at Great Lakes Faaamily Diner. Jokes were made, impressions performed; Mara was teased for her commercial but she laughed with the rest, her tongue still green from the homemade slush.
Mom regaled the kids with the story about my first time with a video camera (an anecdote I suspect she was saving for my big debut). She spoke with her hands and reenacted the funny parts with fries and a burger. “So I peek in his bedroom door and there’s Whitney, laying on the desk, covered from head to toe in ketchup, screaming louder than a chicken on fire! James finally says ‘cut,’ then tells Whit he’s doing it all wrong; he needs to imagine that a zombie is really eating his legs!”
I always admired my mother’s ability to find the good in bad situations. Even as I write this, she calls me twice a week with stories of the one-eyed chemo nurse, (“She’s such a sweetheart!”) or tales from Dad’s escapades (“Last week he started teaching himself the guitar, now he’s brewing beer in the garage. Heaven help us if he does both in the same night!”)
“Nobody tells you how itchy ketchup can be,” Whit said and we laughed.
“And you never complained!” Mom replied. “James just pushed record, yelled ‘action,’ and you go at it again!”
“I was so peeved at James,” Livy added and the table fell quiet. “I got out of the shower that night and my towel was covered in Whit’s nasty blood.” Livy’s memory was only a little bit funny, but we toppled together in fits of laughter.
I found Mara’s hand beneath the table and took it. The skin was cold. The nails–usually trimmed to the perfect length–were jagged and torn.
I remembered my dad’s advise. I leaned in. My breath stiffened the invisible fur that lined her nape. Then I whispered in her ear–just above that calling card I punctured in her flesh the night before–“I love you.”

*  *  *

The commotion was electric in Grand Harbor. We heard the carnival before we saw it; so many people–so many voices–that the human component became an ocean of white noise for the diving and soaring machines, rattling wheels, whooshing cages, and game booths singing their automatic tunes. Children screamed. Somewhere in the middle, a balloon popped.
The Lakeshore Celebration was the place to be on the last Friday in August. Any middle-schooler worth his reputation couldn’t walk ten steps without a high-five or a nod from a friend. The carnival was a cultural event, a social necessity, and the most fun a group of twelve-year-olds could have in West Michigan.
It would serve as the perfect finale to a truly demented summer.
The parking lots were hopeless; metal and concrete grids of cars, trailers and motorcycles like a game of Tetris ready to bust. The back roads were one-way streets winding through neighborhoods lined with a frustrating train of parked cars.
Dad dropped us off at the rear of the Community Center and gave Mom a stack of twenties for our wristbands. “Can you handle five kids?” he asked.
Mom put her fists on her love handles and cocked her head.
Dad backpedaled. “I know it’s your job to watch kids...”
“You better believe it.”
“Just be extra careful tonight. No rides until I park the car.”
The kids fell out the sliding door in a heap, except Whit who waited patiently in the back seat as Mom assembled his chair. As Dad drove away, our heads turned to the sky. The building before us blocked our view of the rides, but the carnival illuminated the night with a blinking haze.
Outside, the Community Center looked like an abandoned warehouse. Inside, the corridors were alive with the hustle and bustle of creativity, passion, spirited conversation, and tons of art.
“Cool,” Kimmy said, breezing through the back doors to a floor-to-ceiling abstract painting.
“Looks like tie-dye,” Haley said, holding out her shirt for comparison.
Tables ran the length of the hallway with paintings on miniature easels and sculptures scattered throughout. Each item had a placard beside it with the title, the name of the artist, a brief description of the piece, and a number for judging purposes.
I caught up to Mara and grabbed her wrist. “Hey there. Come with me?”
Mara’s arm was limp. Her mind was elsewhere. “I can’t,” she said and stood on tip-toes to survey the crowd. “Do you know what time it is?”
I checked my watch. “Only seven-thirty.”
“I need to talk to Livy.”
“She’s still kinda touchy,” I said. “I wouldn’t–”
“I need to make it better,” she insisted, then broke from my grip and vanished into the mob.
Before I could chase after Mara, Kimmy pounced. “James,” she said, “we need to talk.” Haley materialized at her side. Together, they backed me against an empty bulletin board.
Tight, orange springs danced behind Kimmy’s ears as she prattled. “Haley heard from Jessica who heard from Jon that Ryan is going to apologize to Mara at the carnival tonight.”
I shook my head. “Why are you telling me?”
Haley twisted her finger through the hem of her tie-dyed tee. “You’re sorta the guy who fixes things.”
Kimmy continued. “We didn’t want to tell Mara in case you thought she shouldn’t know.”
“And we couldn’t tell Livy...”
“We definitely couldn’t tell Livy.”
I considered my options, then made a decision. “Forget about it,” I said.
“What?”
“I’m done with the drama. Ryan hurt my girlfriend and crushed my sister. Everybody hates him for that. His parents know what he did. My parents know what he did. He’s not allowed to set foot in my house ever again, and in less than a week, he’ll be going to a different school. So if that penis-tickler wants to tell Mara that he’s sorry, I’ll let him do his thing. But I’m not worried about losing my girlfriend to a pretty-boy racist.”
The girls looked at each other and shrugged. Kimmy muttered something about “done with the drama” and meandered back to Whit and my mom. Haley stayed beside me. Her eyes twinkled in the overhead halogen, a tender, hazel fixation that another boy (who never knew Mara) might have found alluring. “You’re a good person, James,” she said.
“There it is!” I brushed past Haley and crossed the corridor to a pair of oak doors. A plastic sign read, “Community Theater, Entrance A.” Below it, a placard with my name, date, and “FAIRYTALE” in all capitals.
Haley skipped to my side and read the description aloud. “Fairytale is an ambitious film about a young girl who goes on a search for her missing father.”
As I listened to the epic scope of my failed endeavor, I spotted Mara and Livy through the criss-cross rumpus of artists and judges. Whatever Mara was saying, it made Livy smile. And when her monologue was over, they hugged.
I ripped off my placard before Haley could finish, then motioned to Whit and Mom to hurry up.
We regrouped at the opposite end of the art show. Livy’s usual pep had been rejuvenated and she twirled in kinetic anticipation.
“We’ll find the ticket booths first,” Mom said. “We’ll buy your wristbands, then wait for your father by the spider-looking ride.”
We groaned. “But Mommm...”
“There will no whining from the peanut gallery!”
I sighed. It was a fight I couldn’t win. Despite the camaraderie at my side, there was no way Mom was going to–
“Bethany?” Mara took a single stride toward my mother.
Mom turned and touched Mara’s arm. “What is it, sweetie?”
“We would like to have the night to ourselves. Do you think there’s any way–”
“Excuse me, young lady...” Mom blinked, blinked again, then crinkled her thick forehead. “...but we will be your chaperones for the rest of the evening. No ifs, ands or buts!”
“Of course,” Mara said. “James was just telling me that he came without his parents last year and everything was fine.”
“That may be, but–”
“It’s not a big deal, Beth. I just thought we were on the same page.”
Mom shook her head, then looked again at Mara. Without another moment of hesitation, she opened her purse and fished for her wallet. “You know what? David has always been a little paranoid. Why don’t you kids run off for a bit, and we’ll meet up later. How does that sound?”
“Sounds like a plan!” Mara said.
Mom doled out twenties to each kid, explaining that fifteen went to the wristband and the other five could be spent on snacks. She kissed every one of us on the forehead as we exchanged looks of bewilderment. “I’ll wait for your father by the kiddie rides,” she said. “Love you kids, and be careful!” Then she disappeared through the glass doors and into the street.
We clapped Mara on the back.
“I’d be dead if I called Mom by her first name!” I said.
She shrugged and grinned. “It’s gonna be a good night.”
The five of us turned to face the glass membrane that separated us from the carnival. (If only I could return to 1994 knowing what I know now... If only I could warn my younger self about the clockwork chaos awaiting him on the opposite side of that wall... If only I could chase him down, rattle his shoulders, scream in his face, “DON’T GO THROUGH THOSE FUCKING DOORS!”)
Mara took my hand.
“Your fingers...” I said. “They’re freezing.”
She twisted her toes and her violet dress sashayed seductively around her knees. “Then warm them up, silly boy.”
She scrunched her face. I grinned. And together, we pushed open the glass doors, inhaled the smell of kettle corn and roasted almonds, and stepped hand-in-hand into our technicolor nightmare.


11. CARNIVAL

Something was different this year. The people and machines and food were all the same, but now those elements converged into an exoskeleton of genuine amusement. The carnival was alive this year. The midway was a torso. Clusters of rides extended like arms from its core. The kiddie attractions were squished together at one end beside the Community Center while the fun rides twirled like fingers in the distance. The visitors were the carnival’s cells, zipping through vein-like streets from one ride to the next, giving purpose to the bright, undulating machines.
I knew the carnival wasn’t anymore alive this year than it was last year, it only seemed alive because Mara was at my side.
The six of us proudly boasted our wristbands as we took to the streets. The bright-blue bracelets were sticky along the edges where the ticket lady misaligned the top flap with the bottom. Kimmy told us they were the exact same bands that nightclubs make you wear if you don’t look twenty-one. Haley and Livy didn’t believe her.
Whit’s wheelchair doubled as a plow. With me as his navigator, we lead the charge through the horde of kids and parents and carnies in red and white stripes.
“What’s that?” Mara asked, her face aglow with amber light, then teal light, then green.
“That’s the Scrambler,” I said. “It’s cool, but it doesn’t go upside down.”
She raised her finger above the horizon. “What about that one?”
“That’s the Salt and Pepper Shaker.”
“It goes upside down?”
“Yep.”
“Let’s ride that one first!”
Kimmy interrupted before I could agree. “Holy Hannah, is that Chrissy and Nick?”
Haley bobbed her head to peek through the mass. “Where? I don’t see ‘em.”
“Over there! Behind the elephant ears!”
“Oh my gosh.” She stuck out her tongue. “It totally is.”
“Hey James,” Kimmy called. “Haley wants an elephant ear!”
“I do not!” she said and smacked Kimmy’s chest.
“Crap, crap, crap,” Livy said, falling in line with her friends. “How’s my hair?” She rooted her purse, forgetting that Mom had confiscated her mirror.
Kimmy grabbed her arm, “You’re gorgeous, darling,” then waved to Mara. “Wanna meet Chrissy and Nick?”
“Nope!” Mara pointed to the Salt and Pepper Shaker. “I’m goin’ on that!”
The girls turned to leave.
“Wait!” Whit said. “We’re not supposed to split up!”
Kimmy scrambled his hair and cooed in a baby voice, “Such a goody-goody, Whitney.” They turned again, burrowed an opening in the crowd, and vanished.
“Meet us at the milk bottle game!” Whit shouted. “It’s in the midway!”
Kimmy’s hand appeared above the mass and waved her acknowledgment.
“You’re a dweeb,” I said, then took the handles and pushed us through the bustling street.
“Will there be clowns here?” Mara asked.
“That’s a circus.”
“Oh. Duh.”
A balloon popped to our left and she jumped. “What was that?”
“It’s just the dart game,” I said (but enjoyed her renewed grip on my hand.)
She marveled at a row of giant, stuffed panda bears. “Look at the prizes!”
“It’s rigged,” Whit said from his chair. “The carnies use deflated balloons and dull darts. Almost impossible to win.”
“Where do you come up with this stuff?” I asked.
“I saw an exposé on Sixty Minutes.”
“I’ll say it again: you’re a dweeb.”
The carnival continued to accept us into its colorful core. A row of mirrors contorted our bodies as we passed. The first added fifty pounds to Mara, making her look like a midget from The Wizard of Oz. She stopped at the second mirror. It made her tall with toothpick limbs and an alien head. She released my hand, stuck her pinkies in her mouth, and pulled back her cheeks. Whit didn’t look taller, but his head stretched the size of a surfboard with eyes like frisbees. He laughed like a maniac and his reflection morphed and jiggled with every heave.
“Oh shit!” he said and covered his face. “Go go go!”
I ducked. “What? Where?”
“Turn left. Now!”
We veered left toward the dime game, jumped the curb, and huddled beneath the awning of The Grand Harbor Bread Co.
“What was it?” Mara asked.
“Nothin’,” Whit said. “Just some old friends.”
“Well aren’t you Mr. Social.”
Whit braced his hands on his armrests and lifted himself to scan the crowd.
“Well?” I asked.
Hey surveyed the surroundings one more time, then said, “The coast is clear.”
“What a psycho.”
The Salt and Pepper Shaker stood at the tip of the shortest extremity. For fifteen minutes we waited in a line that smelled like beer and arm pit, squashed between a man in a sleeveless tee that read “Green Day” and a group of teenyboppers who never stopped staring at the open back of Mara’s dress.
In the stopped position, the Salt and Pepper Shaker looked like a pair of upside-down mallets with a pivot in the center of the handles. At the beginning of each cycle, four riders were buckled and locked in each cage; two facing forward, two facing back. When the carnie hit the go button, the pods launched in opposite directions and hurled the riders twenty feet in the air before sending them back toward the ground. Every time the ride completed a full rotation, it emitted a plinking, descending tune like the “game over” sound on a video game.
The operator turned a key on his control station and the ride lost momentum. When it stopped, he unlocked the pods and sent the dizzy passengers staggering toward the exit. Whit got stuck in the backwards compartment beside the fat guy in the Green Day shirt. I buckled Mara’s belt, then mine. The carnie slammed our cage and double-checked the lock.
“Excited?” I asked.
The words barely escaped my lips before Mara unbuckled her restraint and attacked me. Hands crumpled the collar of my shirt and plunged me against the padded seat. Before I could warn her–before I could utter a sound–her lips touched mine for the very first time and she tasted just like candy necklace. Soft like down, warm like the perfect bath; I was gorged by her nubile lips, the oldest part of her body because the rest was only twelve. The air began to churn in our tiny rocket and my heart rose into my stomach, but Mara didn’t stop.
A rush of blood. She didn’t speak, didn’t explain. Only kissed. Explored. And teased me as the world made cartwheels around our heads. Another surge of blood and I grappled her waist to tame its violent grind. The sweet, organic flavor of girl lips and tongue; the taste of peaches, red gummy bears, and dandelion wine.
Open mouths. A thousand hands. To Mara, it was a desperate kiss, a “save me” kiss, a “hold me close and never let go” kiss.
Around and around and faster and faster, she held my neck for dear life until the sick announced itself in my stomach, but I didn’t care. Her hands led mine to the strap of her amethyst dress (that dreamy summer dress). She molded my fingers around the fabric and together we pulled it down. I embraced the skin of her bare shoulder. (The shoulder was enough.)
Upside down, blind now to the orientation of the real world, inertia tugged my gag reflex and I wanted to vomit my burger. Mara was planting something inside me; something that would take root in my bowels and twist thorns in my heart. She was completing my transformation. She was making me–six years too soon–an adult. And when the ride slowed and the gravity returned and my cock was a blister and the feverish sensations subsided, Mara released me. She was panting. Gaze detached, lips agape, and cheeks flushed, she replaced her violet strap, unclenched her thighs, dismounted... and casually straightened her windswept hair.

*  *  *

Whit found himself cradled in the carnie’s arms as the man transferred him back to his chair.
“I’m too old for these sissy rides,” he said, craning his head to Mara. “How was your first carnival experience, beautiful?”
She flashed a dimpled grin. “Killer,” she said. “Totally killer.”
Whit navigated our path back to the midway meeting point, but the girls weren’t there.
Mara plopped down on a picnic table and crossed her feet on the bench. She asked for the time and scanned the sea of heads.
Whit rolled himself to the milk bottle game. The boy behind the counter wore the same red and white stripes as the rest of the carnies, spitting into a microphone and rattling off words like a paint-huffing auctioneer. “Three balls, three bucks, three tries! Step right up, ladies and gentlemen. Step riiight up!” He looked at Whit. “Legs don’t work? Then roll right up! Three chances to put your aim to the test! Three chances to impress your girlfriend! Three chances to prove to your friends that you’re a major league pitcher! Three balls, three bucks, three tries!” The boy covered the mic and leaned toward Whit, “I bet you wished you had three balls, kid. Am I right?”
“Watch it, bum.” Whit pulled out his wallet and gave him three dollars. “Hey Jamsie-boy,” he said. “Let’s see how you throw.”
I looked to Mara for approval. She was beaming.
“Think I can do it?” I asked.
“Cutie, I know you can do it!”
“What prize do you want if I win?”
She scanned her options. “I want the ginormous mallard duck.”
I looked at the hanging bird, then sauntered backwards to the counter and said, “One ginormous duck, coming up.”
“Three balls,” said the boy in the red and white stripes. “Three tries to knock ‘em down!”
I sized up the pyramid of ten milk bottles, aimed, and threw the first ball as hard as possible.
“Miss!” said the boy in the red and white stripes.
I grunted. Whit laughed.
“Come on, James!” Mara said and clapped.
I threw the second ball with better precision but less force... and pelted the bottom right jug and toppling three more. 
“Woohoo!” Mara said. “Seven left!”
I lowered my shoulders, aimed my last round, and pitched. The ball nicked the highest tier, but nothing fell.
“Too bad, so sad!” said the boy with the red and white stripes. “But so close!”
Mara pretended to pout. “I guess I’ll never get the duck that I always wanted!”
“How about you, pretty girl?” said the boy with the red and white stripes. “How ‘bout showin’ these children what a woman can do?”
She leapt from the picnic table and skipped to the booth. “I only have five dollars and I’d rather try an elephant ear.”
“I bet one of your friends can spot you the cash!”
Whit rolled his eyes as if he wasn’t thrilled to lend Mara cash.
We cheered her on as she spun her arm in wild circles, then released the ball. It missed the bottles and twacked the rear wall.
“Too bad, so sad!” said the boy in the red and white stripes. “Two shots left, pretty girl!”
Mara rolled the second ball in her hand as she scrutinized her target. She pulled back, threw it, and thwak! Missed again.
Whit and I booed.
“If anybody can clear ten bottles with one ball, it’s you, pretty girl!”
Mara gripped her final shot like a bowling ball. She blew a strand of hair from her eyes.
“Hey there, strangers.”
And just like that, the magic was gone.
Mara dropped the ball on the counter.
Whit said, “Son of a bitch,” and rolled to my side.
We all recognized the raspy voice. It was A.J.
“What a coincidence, runnin’ into my best friends at the carnival!” The bully was dressed in the same hunting gear as the day he watched Danny kill the cat. Camo shirt, camo pants, bright orange cap... he practically lived in that ensemble. A hole in his sleeve revealed black hair that I had never noticed until now.
“Leave us alone,” I said. “Or we’ll call the police.”
He ignored me and stepped once toward Mara. “Here’s the little hooch I’ve been dreamin’ about. Little-miss forgiveness.”
Mara held her ground.
“Sir,” said the boy in the red and white stripes, “you’ll have to wait your turn.”
“You stupid traitor,” I said.
Whit raised his arm. “I’ve got this, James.”
A.J. took another step. Five feet away and I could smell the musk on his shirt.
“Is there somethin’ yer missin’, Mara?”
“Knock it off Age!” I said.
“Meowww!”
I was about to shove the traitor to the ground, but Whit snagged my shirt and jerked me back. “James! Back off!” He wheeled forward. “Age, if you need to pick on somebody, pick on me.”
“Look at the cripply little gimp tryin’ to save the day!”
I touched Mara’s shoulder to coax her back, but she wouldn’t budge.
“We tried to be friends, Age,” said Whit. “But you ruined that when you killed Mara’s cat.”
A.J. was a unstoppable force of moronic rage. “Look at the whiny little gimp!”
“You remember the can you put on my head, Age? Do you know how many dreams I had of balancing a can on that dim-witted, white-trash, crewcut dome of yours? How many times I aimed a BB gun and missed?”
A.J. began to pace. His eyes were fixed on Mara. “Y’all said you were my friends.”
“We were your friends, A.J. But it turns out you were pretending to be our friends to get close to Mara. You’re not the first to use that technique.”
“She was the one pretendin’! I’d never seen no girl look at me like that before... like she saw through my ugly shirts and hand-me-down jeans. Like she thought I was smart or somethin’.” A.J. itched his neck. His voice quivered. “When you sang fer me I felt like I was right where I belonged; like you and me were meant to be together!”
I tried to gauge Mara’s state of mind, but she was a pillar of salt.
A.J. jabbed his finger at Mara’s chest. “I gave yer necklace back! If I’da known you were gonna ignore me anyways, I woulda kept it fer myself!”
“What about the pajamas you cut up?” I asked. “You never told us about those. What else did you steal, A.J.?”
“I got the pajamas later. Stole ‘em from the blue-bandana boys. They’ve got all kinds of her stuff. They’re the crazy ones!” A.J. suddenly became aware that he was creating a scene.
The boy in the red and white stripes returned to his microphone and began his automated chatter.
I wondered if my Dad had found a parking spot yet. If I screamed, would he hear?
“Enough of this crap,” Whit said. “We’re at a carnival... why don’t we settle it with a game?”
“I ain’t got money for games.”
“I’ll buy.” Whit pulled a ten from his pocket and slammed it on the counter.
The boy in the stripes returned, took the money, and spared us his obnoxious routine.
“Two games,” said Whit. “Keep the change.” Six balls were placed in front of the boys. “If I knock over the most bottles, you never look at that girl again. You never show up outside her window. We call your parents and tell them you helped kill a little girl’s cat. Understand?”
“And what if I win?”
“If you win, I’ll personally make Mara sing for you.”
“Whit!” I said.
Again, he silenced me with his hand.
Mara didn’t move.
“Not only will you get your song, but she’ll hate me forever. We have a deal?”
A.J. nodded, snatched the first ball, and clocked four bottles in one clean swoop.
He didn’t stop to brag or bitch or aim, but grabbed the second ball and toppled two more on the left side.
I could no longer stomach Mara’s paralysis. I stood behind her and rubbed my hands along her frigid arms.
The last ball whacked the centermost jug, bringing A.J.’s total to seven.
Without a word, the boy in the stripes rebuilt the pyramid as Whit rolled into position. He grabbed the first ball and shook it as if testing its weight.
“Tear ‘em down, Whit,” I said.
And he did... nine at once with a single pitch.
I cheered. The boy in the stripes clapped and made another obnoxious comment about how everyone was a winner. Mara’s shoulders relaxed.
Whit waited until the bottles stopped bouncing on the ground. “It’s over Age. Go home and leave us alone.”
The bully sneered. His upper lip thinned as he sucked a loogie from his throat and spit it on the ground by Whit’s wheel. “I’ll go home when Mara does one thing for me.”
I watched Whit’s expression as bravado gave way to panic. Did he really think A.J. would honor their bet?
“That wasn’t part of the deal,” he said.
A.J. circled us. His muscles contracted beneath his shirt. “All I wanted was fer you to like me,” he told Mara. “I thought maybe you could. Then Danny comes over one day and tells me the truth, tells me how it really is. Tells me I ain’t ever gonna fit with an angel like you. That we ain’t cut from the same dirty rag. That I better get used to cats screamin’ cause that’s the only sort of singin’ I’ll ever hear.” A.J.’s voice fell to a deep growl as if–in that exact moment–his balls dropped. “I told Danny he might be right, but I ain’t ever gonna give up ‘till I hear that voice again.” He stopped in front of Mara, snapped a buck knife from his back pocket, and held it to her face. “I apologized once so I could hear you sing. I ain’t about to do it again.”
The wheelchair crashed as Whit launched himself at A.J. His crackerjack aim threw his head into the bully’s side, knocking the knife from his hand and sending him sideways away from Mara. Whit snatched the knife from the curb and used his other hand to propel his body at Age. The bully scrambled backwards like a frightened crab and thumped his head on the booth. Whit scaled A.J.’s torso with his legs dragging behind him, then sat on his chest and clutched the blade against his throat.
The boy in stripes plucked a phone from behind the counter, rolled his eyes and said dryly, “I’m calling security.”
Whit’s arm quivered as he tightened his grip on the knife.
Tears formed in the wells of A.J.’s eyes. “This ain’t right, Whit. You–”
“I what? I stick up for my friends when they’re in trouble? I don’t watch my buddy blow the asshole off a cat?”
“I was forced to par-tici-pate in the killin’ of that cat.”
“Whit,” I said as spectators began to clot around the commotion. “You’re gonna get in serious trouble.”
“Shut it, James!” He repositioned his weight on A.J.’s chest and the bully winced.
“You’re scaring Mara!” I said.
Whit sucked his bottom lip... then slowly lowered the blade. A.J.’s throat was unscathed.
The boy in the stripes rolled his eyes and holstered the phone.
I ran to Whit’s side, flipped his chair upright, and helped him to his seat. “You okay?”
“What the heck did we miss?” It was Kimmy. Livy and Haley were at her wings, powdered sugar smudging their fingers and cheeks.
A.J. pulled himself together, stood, brushed bloody pebbles from his palms, and found himself cornered against the booth by a semi-circle of curious bystanders. His mouth curled down to keep from crying. “Do ya’ll know why I came here tonight?” He wiped his nose with his hairy arm. “Well? Do ya?”
“Go home, Age,” said Whit.
“Do ya’ll even care?”
My heart sank. I was such a jerk. I knew exactly why A.J. was there, I just hadn’t considered it until he asked. “You came to see our movie,” I said. “You came to show your support.”
He scoffed. His front teeth scraped his bottom lip to fully accentuate his curse, “Fuck yer movie,” he said, then again for the insult, “Fatty.”
“Stop it!” Mara exclaimed, her first words since the bully arrived.
A.J. obeyed; the fact that Mara was addressing him–even after his cruelty–probably thrilled him. “I know where you live,” he said. “If you think you’ve seen the last of me–”
Mara approached him with all the tenderness and grace of a bride. She touched her fingertip to his lips. Her hand carried his cheek toward her lips, so close I thought she might kiss him. Instead, she whispered, and as she whispered, her eye searched me out. It was the damaged eye that found me, and when she finished breathing her secret in A.J’s ear, the blood flared like the burst of a striking match.
Mara released A.J. Without another thought, the bully darted to the wall of spectators, wiggled through, and ran away.
Livy and the girls scrambled over each other to get to Whit. They dabbled and preened his hurts, though he assured them he was fine. Another kid–early twenties–broke from his pack of friends and slapped Whit on the back. “I haven’t seen a fight like that since Hogan versus Andre. You whooped his ass!”
Mara hugged her mighty defender. It was a stiff hug, and I wasn’t jealous.
“What did you tell him?” Whit asked.
Mara shrugged. “I told him to go to hell.”
“Hey kid!” called the boy in the red and white stripes. “You’ve got two balls left!”
Whit cruised to the booth, fired off his last two rounds, and nailed the final jug in the dead center.
Overhead, a siren twirled and screamed and declared him the winner.
The crowd went wild.

*  *  *

Whit and I both offered to carry the ginormous mallard, but Mara assured us she could handle it alone. The girls offered her scraps of funnel cake, but she politely turned them down.
Livy kept pace beside her. “Was that the little twerp who killed Dorothy?”
“One of them.”
“They’re never gonna leave you alone... are they?”
Mara adjusted the duck on her back.
A visible revelation transformed Livy’s expression as her friend remained silent. “Hang in there, hon,” she said.
For the first time in three months, my sister sounded like a human.

*  *  *

It was only after the incident with A.J. that I realized the carnival had been evolving. An hour after we first arrived, the mechanical beast had taken its first flopping step from the primordial soup, evident in the new layer of afterbirth smeared beneath the gleeful façade. I noticed flypaper–black with dead insects–lining the inside awning of every game booth. Upon closer inspection, most of the insects weren’t dead, but flapping and struggling, unsticking one leg only to discover their wings were also glued to the paper snare. I accidentally touched the bottom of a portable bench when I stopped to tie my shoe; the underbelly seethed with discarded bubble gum like rubber scales. And as we waited in line for the Tilt-a-Whirl, I spotted a loose panel at the base of the ride. Every time the carts completed a rotation, a rusty seam appeared between the red and blue panels, exposing the black innards, sputtering gears, and churning elbows that tilted and whirled the kids atop the machine.
Worst of all, my kinship with the great beast was beginning to seem like a ruse; I had the feeling of being watched, as if the tents, rides, and kiosks had eyes.
Again, we came across the row of goofy mirrors. The girls weren’t with us the first time around so we stopped again to play. Kimmy looked like a troll with a frizzy orange mane. Haley held up her arms and I recalled a picture from my encyclopedia of a medieval device that pulled people apart at the seams. Livy didn’t move, but scrutinized her warped reflection until Kimmy yanked her away.
As we said goodbye to our shape-shifting alter-egos, I discovered the source of my paranoia on the top step of the Super Slide. Four boys were leaning against the rails; coke-bottle glasses and rampant acne marked them as outcasts, yet their faces seemed vaguely familiar as if they were enemies from a previous life.
I ignored them the first time; boys oogling Mara was nothing new. But twenty minutes later I saw them again, six of them now crammed two at a time at the top of the ferris-wheel.
Later, they appeared behind us in line for the swings. They were distracted this time, chattering amongst themselves, splitting their attention between the girl beside me and an elderly woman across the way.
It was them. It came to me in a flash; the face in the leaves, the body that fell at the sound of my father’s gun; it was them, the ferrets, the boys on bikes and the boys in the trees; and not just the boys, but the women too! Four of them at least, perched throughout the park, inconspicuous without their purple hats, but un-missable with their beady eyes trained on Mara.
“It’s time to go,” I said. “We need to get outta here. Now.”

*  *  *

“Hey weener-wrinkle,” said Whit. “I wanna ride the swings!”
“Not now,” I said.
“James?” Kimmy said. “Haley and I are gonna meet some friends–”
“Not now,” I said again and pushed Whit faster through the crowded midway. “We need to find my parents.”
“I swear,” Livy added, ”my brother is so flippin’ weird.”
The giant mallard bounced on Mara’s back as she jogged to keep up. “Can’t we stay a little longer?”
“Somethin’s not right. I’m takin’ you home.”
“But we’re having a good time!”
“Listen to the lady,” Whit said. “The night’s still young!”
We emerged from the midway, passed the Gravitron and the mini roller coaster and found ourselves caught between the carousel and funhouse. “Crap!” I said.
“Uhh,” Kimmy said, “isn’t this the end of the carnival?”
I scanned the horizon to find my bearings. We were at the tip of the carnival’s longest arm. The Salt and Pepper Shaker was behind us and to the left. The Community Center was at the opposite end of the park.
“I think we had to turn that way.” Whit pointed behind us.
“I’m not going through the midway again,” I said, then nodded to the far sidewalk. “We’ll follow the storefronts to the Community Center. Mom and Dad’ll be looking for us there.”
“Whatever.”
I scoured the perimeter for hostiles, then led the group past the blazing carousel with its joyful children and angry horses. The funhouse was on our left. Cartoon animals advertised a rotating hallway, silly slide, and house of mirrors. “Looks like fun...” Haley said, making her disappointment clear.
“Can you at least tell me the time?” Mara asked.
I checked my watch without slowing my stride. “Eight-fifty-five,” I said.
When I looked up, I saw the first jock. It was Jon the lock-picker–friend of Ryan Brosh–watching us from the tin roof of a cotton candy concession stand. He was wearing a basketball jersey and his hair was parted as if he was attending a cotillion instead of a night at the fair.
Mara grabbed my shoulder.
Kimmy and Haley locked arms to form a shield between my sister and the towering jock, then shot me a look that said, “Told you so.”
When Jon was certain we noticed him, he raised his arms and cleared his throat. “Ladies and gentlemen,” he announced to the rollicking mass, “may I have your attention!” His words were stilted as one might expect from a basketball player.
The crowd slowed and turned their attention to the delinquent on the roof.
“What the heck is this...” asked Whit.
Jon pointed right at us. “There’s a special lady in the audience tonight,” he said. “She was hurt by a good friend of mine, and there’s something he’d like to say.”
Scattered “awws” arose from the onlookers. I felt the horde shift around me as every eye fell to Mara.
Two more jocks materialized from the crowd. The skinny one stepped between me and Mara and knocked the duck off her shoulders. He placed a silver tiara on her head. 
The second boy skipped in, bowed over Whit’s chair, and dropped a bouquet of yellow roses in her arms, prompting another round of “awws” from the onlookers. The boys pranced away.
In slow motion, Mara twisted and found my eyes. Her look was a grab-bag of possible emotions and I struggled to sort the real from the ruse. This is it, said her final glance. See ya later, alligator.
Jon was pointing to the row of shops. “Please turn your attention to the third balcony and join me in welcoming a great friend, a true humanitarian, and the raddest kid in the ninth grade... Ryan Brosh!”
The carnival cheered.
I released Whit’s chair. I wanted to grab Mara’s wrist, tear the flowers from her arms, and get the hell out of the fair (the street, the city, the world)! Instead, I ran three steps into another pair of greasy jocks in jerseys. I looked up at their pimpled faces and twisted grins. They didn’t speak, only sneered, but the message was clear: “Stay.”
Ryan appeared on a wooden porch above a novelty t-shirt shop. Either he was friends with the owners or he paid them off, either way, his entrance was grand. He wore a ruffled tunic with bulging, pleated pants and a feathered cap. A work light was clamped to the railing beside him and created a harsh but attention-nabbing spotlight; an idea he stole from my movie.
“But soft!” he began. “What light through yonder window breaks? It is the East, and Mara Lynn is the sun!” (Somehow, the carnival beast calmed its clinking and shrieking to give Ryan Brosh his moment.) “Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon who is already sick and pale with grief that thou her maid art far more fair than she!”
The multitude was growing around Romeo’s balcony, buzzing with the novelty of a spontaneous public performance.
Whit bobbed his head to see between the legs of the pimpled jocks. I stood on tiptoes to see over their fortress of chests. I saw Mara, tiara still adorning her head, facing away; facing the balcony and Ryan’s desperate play.
He thrust his arms toward my girl and continued his monologue. “Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven, having some business, do entreat her eyes to twinkle in their spheres till they return!” He kicked a latch and a metal ladder dropped to the ground with a series of clanks and a final whack on the concrete below. He relished his words as he descended the rungs. “What if her eyes were there, they in her head? The brightness of her cheek would shame those stars as daylight doth a lamp; her eyes in heaven would through the airy region stream so bright, that birds would sing and think it were not night!” Ryan’s feet hit the sidewalk and he turned to face Mara. The audience parted between them, creating an open runway for his gallant approach.
He sauntered as he spoke, and as he spoke, he unbuttoned his faux-velvet tunic to reveal a number-seventeen jersey and a trim pair of biceps. “See how she leans her cheek upon her hand! O that I were a glove upon that hand...” He stopped and raised his hand to Mara’s face. “...that I might touch that cheek.”
The pimpled boys raised their shoulders to block my view. I discovered later that they were unpopular seniors, coaxed by Ryan Brosh to participate in his disgusting scheme.
The crowd cheered again, now a thick wall of bodies foaming to see the high-school sweethearts.
“Mara,” Ryan’s voice was normal, but still loud enough to overcome the sound of the distant rides. “There’s something I’d like to say to you, but words alone cannot express how I feel.”
“You’re gonna love this,” grunted one of the pimpled towers. He nodded to the ride behind me.
As I turned, the world turned with me. The carousel. A thousand jocks held formation–some on foot, some on horses–around the entire merry-go-round like the closing shot from The Birds. I recognized several boys from my sleepover.
With perfect timing, the carousel operator hit a big green button and the ride lurched forward.
The frontmost jock raised a square piece of poster board above his head revealing the word “MARA” scrawled in giant yellow letters. The ride continued its meandering rotation as the jocks raised their assigned cards to complete the spinning message: “MARA LYNN, WORDS CANNOT EXPRESS HOW SORRY I AM. PLEASE FORGIVE ME. PLEASE LET ME BACK INTO YOUR LIFE.”
The audience erupted into delighted applause. I rammed my shoulder blade into the torsos of the pimpled henchmen while Whit punched at their knee caps. They didn’t flinch.
On the carousel’s second rotation, the boy with the “MARA” card flipped it upside down to display a hand-drawn daisy with petals that filled the page. The next card turned to reveal the word “I.” Another daisy card, then the word, “LOVE.” Another daisy. “YOU.” Another daisy. “MARA.” Another daisy. “LYNN.”
Another daisy.
The ride twirled faster and faster until the words and flowers pulsated into a visual poem: “I LOVE YOU MARA LYNN, I LOVE YOU MARA LYNN, I LOVE YOU MARA LYNN.” The pupils of the jocks pulsated too; swelling and contracting like inkblots in the flickering light of the carousel’s bulbs.
“Kiss him!” somebody shouted.
“Kiss the poor boy!”
Whit pulled back his fist and slammed it into the ball sack of the closest guard. As the boy keeled forward, I could see my girlfriend, still wearing that delicate crown, grinning from East to West, transplendent in her joy, and I too felt pain in my groin.
Was her smile another charade? Or had Ryan Brosh actually impressed her with his spectacle, discovering some hidden nerve that made Mara–after weeks of dating me–reconsider our love?
Mara cradled the roses in her right arm and formed her left into a sideways V, inviting Ryan to link his arm through hers. He did. Together, they walked side-by-side, appearing as boyfriend and girlfriend to the spectators when I was her boyfriend and he–that heartless Ryan Brosh–was a liar, racist, and whore.
A gargled shriek swept my attention back to my sister, thrashing against the grip of her friends, ready to charge the happy couple. “I’m going to kill you Mara Lynn! I’m gonna find what makes you special and I’m gonna cut it off!”
Without breaking her smile, Mara abandoned her friends and her stuffed duck, leading Ryan arm-in-arm toward the funhouse entrance. They bypassed the line without dispute, and the carnie in charge gladly waved them through the gate.
Livy released a tirade of unintelligible curses. With a final heave of her limbs, she broke free of her friends, but dashed in the opposite direction, sobbing and stumbling down the sidewalk with Kimmy, Haley and a band of concerned parents trailing behind.
The show was over. Livy’s outburst stifled the excitement and the crowd began to disperse. To my horror, Ryan and Mara had disappeared into the mouth of the carnival funhouse, and I was still held captive by the towering henchmen (though one was still massaging his crotch after Whit’s cheap blow).
It was in this moment of panic that we heard the first howl. Behind us... a child? Then, peppered throughout the horde it came, a thunderous reply like an army of invisible apes.
And then they attacked.

*  *  *

Forgive me, reader, if the following event seems erratic and unexpected. It took me years to sort out the intricacies of this budding war; their origins, doctrines, and conflicts are a story, perhaps, for another book. As long as your confusion parallels mine as I lived it, I’ve done my job as a writer. Besides, is there a better way to illustrate the boggling scope of Mara’s influence than with a seemingly random battle for her affection?
“Whit!” I yelled, “What the hell is going on?”
He shook his head and watched the mayhem unfold.
The pimpled jocks looked at each other and shrugged. Then without warning, the left boy jerked forward and dropped hard to the pavement.
At his feet was the culprit, a boy my age with curly black hair, glasses, and a t-shirt with horizontal yellow stripes. He deftly mounted his fallen prey while unholstering a spray bottle from his belt.
“Get it off of me!” cried the jock, but it was too late. The boy aimed the bottle at the kid’s pimpled face and squeezed the plunger three times. Clear mist blew from the tip and the jock screamed. I watched as specks of white formed on his jersey. It was bleach.
The new boy looked up, hissed at Whit, and scuttled away.
The second jock looked at his friend who was blinking and writhing from the toxic spray. Together, we surveyed the surrounding madness.
The boys, I now knew, were the ferrets from our trees; the same boys I spotted on the Ferris Wheel, then again in line for the Tilt-a-Whirl. There were two dozen at least, pounding their chests and weaseling between the legs of the carnival guests. Four of them rallied at the cotton candy stand and clamored for Jon’s feet. Some were moving toward the carousel, others were heading for the funhouse.
I made my move. I jumped backward to avoid my captor’s reach, then darted left toward the funhouse.
“James!” Whit yelled and I looked back. His right wheel was caught between a trash can and the fallen jock.
I couldn’t help him. Mara was alone with Ryan. Without a word, I spun around and abandoned my friend in the fight.
The carousel screeched. The operator’s hand was splayed against the red “stop” button and the jocks with the signs lunged violently in the opposite direction. One boy was about to step off when the ride slammed to a stop. His forehead bounced against a brass pole before the inertia jerked him back and threw him to the ground, cheek-first against the pavement. A ferret sprung from the center of the carousel, shot the fallen jock’s face with a squirt gun, then moved on.
It was Mara’s kiss that carried me through the hysterical horde; her fading taste on my lips. I moved my arms through the oscillating mass as if I was swimming. The funhouse disappeared and reappeared from view as people zig-zagged between us.
I unbuckled my belt and pulled it off, my only weapon against Ryan Brosh. I would choke the bastard. I would track him through the funhouse, loop the noose around his throat, and pull. I would feel the metal latch drop into every new notch as the belt tightened inch by inch. His eyes would turn to blood... just like Mara’s.
The mayhem intensified around me but I reveled in the chaos. I breathed the smell of beer as it mixed with bleach from the ferret’s guns. I was spurred by the madness. I was part of the madness. My jaw locked in jealous rage as I imagined Mara’s betrayal, red and black, touching that boy, kissing that boy, doing God-knows-what to that boy. The carnival beast laughed at my determination but I ignored it and pressed on.
Two kids tussled against a tent post. One boy growled, “The girl is ours.” I looked closer and his face brought me back to the night beneath the lamppost; the mustached boy with the tape recorder. He was here, at the fair, white tank top molded to his back, blue bandana circling his tight crewcut, slapping a pudgy-looking boy who had dropped his spray bottle to the curb.
Why was he here?
Did I really care?
I reached the funhouse gate and turned to check on Whit. I located the can where he was trapped, but he was gone.
The street had transformed into a gladiator arena. A dozen boys with blue bandanas had joined the fight, tackling and pummeling the scrawny bunch of boys from my trees. The jocks were caught in the middle with bloody noses and pulpy skin. The innocent bystanders had evacuated the scene and formed a circle around the fray. A uniformed cop pinned one of the blue-bandana boys against the carousel and screamed into his walkie-talkie as the carnival beast devoured the children, one by one.

*  *  *

I rattled the aluminum gate between me and the stubborn carnie. “My girlfriend’s in trouble!” I yelled. “You gotta let me in!”
The man had varnished cheeks, a bald head, and thin, hand-drawn eyebrows. He ignored me as he paced the funhouse entrance, armed with a broom handle, fending off the outbreak of rabid children.
“The line’s gone!” I said and pointed at the empty cue. “You gotta let me through!”
“Beat it, kid,” he said, then jabbed an approaching ferret with a blue-bandana in his back pocket.
I shook the gate harder. “You don’t understand! My girlfriend’s in there with another boy–”
He aimed the broom handle at my head. “Charlie’s inside,” he said. “He’ll make sure...” his voice trailed off.
“What!” I asked. “Making sure, what?”
“Would ya look at all that...”
I looked over my shoulder. Six uniformed security guards burst from the circle of bystanders and charged the brawling kids.
“Here they come,” said the carnie.
Holy crap... I thought.
The kids were not deterred, but fought back against the guards.
Oh shit...
The guards pulled them apart and snapped handcuffs onto every possible wrist... but that’s wasn’t what I was watching.
Son of a bitch... I thought. It was him! King of the bullies. The hillbilly who killed Mara’s cat. Danny Bompensaro. He stepped through the havoc as if he owned it, carrying with him a sinister presence despite his slender frame.
“Did you do this, Danny!” I shouted, though I knew the accusation was absurd.
He shook his head as he approached; ten steps away and my heart rattled in my chest.
“I don’t know what this is,” he said. His voice was trembling.
I narrowed my eyes as he came closer. His right cheekbone was black and green and mottled with purple flecks. In the center of the bruise was a gash in need of stitches, though it was dried now and at least a few days old. It wasn’t from the fight.
He held up his hands in surrender. “I know what I did was bad, James.”
He never called me “James.”
“You don’t have to kill me,” he stammered. “I’m just looking for Mara.”
“What happened to your face?”
Danny forced an upside-down grin. “For real?” He laughed. “You really wanna know what happened to my face?”
I stepped back, leaned against the barrier, and shrugged.
“Your ol’ man called my uncle after I did that thing to the cat. Told Hank that he’d kill me if I ever come by your castle again.” Danny’s smile grew. As he spoke, bit of tongue slipped through the gap of a missing tooth. “Threatened us both. Said he had a gun.”
My chest heaved and my throat opened against my will, but nothing came out.
“Hank let me have it pretty good.”
I shook my head. “M– My Dad–”
“It’s not the first time I’ve been hit, James. Now where the fuck is Mara?”
“You’re not steppin’ foot anywhere near my girlfriend. Now get the heck away from me before I call my dad!”
Danny surveyed the brawl, unaffected by my threat. “She wants to see me.”
“Mara hates you.”
“She asked to see me.”
I shook my head. “Bull.”
“I’m sposeda meet her at nine o’clock by the Salt and Pepper Shakers.” 
My brain staggered like the rusty innards of the Tilt-a-Whirl.
“I’ve been waitin’ there fifteen minutes, then I heard the yelling so I came this way.”
“She–” I couldn’t say it until my mind understood it. “She–”
“She called me up three days ago. Said we had to talk.”
“She... invited you?”
Danny nodded to the funhouse. “Is she in there?”
I struggled to fill in the blanks of this new puzzle, but every solution only pointed to a horrible, irrational, unthinkable–
The bald carnie shrieked and scrambled backward, his broom was pointing at a boy bracing himself in the funhouse entrance.
It was Ryan. Buck naked. Pale skin. Barely standing. Alone.
“Someone call an ambulance!” cried the carnie.
Gasps rose from the spectators as the naked Romeo stepped forward like a beautiful zombie, then collapsed into a pile of flesh and bones.
“Danny!” I pleaded as I hurdled the aluminum gate. “Do not look for Mara! Do you understand me? Stay here and do not look for Mara!”
He didn’t respond. He was transfixed.
The carnie was twenty feet from Ryan, still backing up and shouting for help.
I ran to Ryan’s side and fell to my knees. Two minutes ago I would have killed him.
His eyes were stuck on some invisible object over my shoulder. To the left of his adam’s apple was a mark the size of a quarter. The outside was a bruise. The middle was a hole, a bleeding gash with the skin sucked out.
It was a hickey.
I took his head in my hands and turned it away until I couldn’t see the blood.
His mouth was moving.
I put my ear to his lips and asked, “What is it?”
Ryan replied with one word, whispered over and over, stuttering, then unmistakably clear: “More.”

*  *  *

Charlie stumbled from the funhouse entrance, pounding a pack of Camels on the butt of his hand. A cop arrived at Ryan’s side. It was Sheriff Beeder.
The bald carnie approached with caution. Danny paced the gate like a wild boar.
“What happened here!” asked Beeder, sweat forming beneath his eyes from breaking up the brawl.
Charlie fumbled with a zippo and spun in a slow, tight circle. 
His friend snatched the lighter, lit the cigarette, and put it in his lips. “Quit spinnin’ and tell us what you saw!”
“The mirrors,” he said. “I heard a– a boy in the mirrors. Loud... he was loud but I couldn’t tell if– if– if he was laughing or... or crying for help.”
The sheriff checked Ryan’s pulse and barked an order over his radio. He looked up to Charlie. “Did you see anything? Did you see who did this?”
“I thought they were kissin’. Lotsa– lotsa kids kiss in the mirrors...”
“But did you see what happened?”
“It was on him... then it was gone... it flew between the mirrors like... like a banshie from hell.”
Beeder inspected the hole, called again for an ambulance, then rolled Ryan’s head gently to the side. The boy’s lips were crusted and red. He was smiling.
From the opposite side of the midway came a terrible groan like the landing of an alien craft, breaking the night in half and silencing the brawling kids. There was a moment of quiet, followed by a wave of screams and the snap of bending steel. The beast was trying to talk.
“What in flaming tarnation was that?” asked the bald carnie, his brows caught between the folds of forehead wrinkles.
Charlie sucked again on his cigarette. “Somethin’ broke,” he said.
I looked to the gate. Danny was gone.
Panic sent bursts of blood into my extremities so quickly I could feel the thump in my wrists. 
I stood up and I scanned the arena. Every head was turned toward the terrible sound, but one head moved sideways through the crowd. I saw the scar. I knew it was him. And he was searching for Mara.

*  *  *

I left Ryan in the care of Sheriff Beeder and the carnies. On a hunch, I was rounding the corner of the funhouse between the colorful siding and the back of a row of port-o-potties. I had been watching the entrance and exit the whole time they were inside. If Mara left, she came out a different way.
I rounded the second corner and my suspicion was confirmed. A door was open. The handle read, “Emergency Exit Only.” On the ground, laying between a blanket of yellow rose petals, were two halves of a broken tiara.
I ran as fast as I could away from the funhouse, past the carousel, and through the midway. Where was Mara? Where was Danny!
Cherry red lights bounced in the sky. The wail of sirens stood out among the racket.
Again, the carnival had undergone a despondent metamorphosis. The carnies worked quickly to sedate the beast like the hunters who tried to tame King Kong. The games were closing. The lights were turning off. The kiosks and ticket booths were folding away like origami boxes.
But the carnival was still breathing.
Policemen spoke on megaphones from three different points throughout the park. Their voices overlapped and bounced through the streets, giving the beast an unintelligible, garbled language.
The people who stayed were clustered around the accident that I heard but couldn’t see. It was the Tilt-a-Whirl. My parents were probably there, terrified that I was somehow involved in whatever incident created that sound, pacing circles and damning themselves for leaving us alone.
I stood in the center of the midway and searched for Mara. I stood on a trash can and called her name.
No reply.
In the distance, a single ride was still dancing along the horizon; the Salt and Pepper Shaker, twirling, twinkling, still singing the “game over” sound as the carriages rose and fell with screaming children.

*  *  *

I was panting. I keeled and grabbed the cramp in my stomach. But I had reached the ride.
I looked up and saw her, malevolent in her purple dress, weaving leisurely between a faction of unaware bystanders.
Her lips trembled. Her eyes were closed. I couldn’t hear the words, but she was singing. Behind her, Danny followed like a rat to the Piper, lured by her melody and the poetry of her stride.
“Danny!” I screamed.
Through the safety gate. Past the operator. A cage zipped a foot from Mara’s face and her hair fluttered in its wake. Her timing was perfect as she stepped between the pair of tumbling carts.
“MARA!” I screamed! “NO!”
The girl reeled just in time to see the first cage slam into Danny’s body, his limbs twitching as the ride carried him like a deer on the hood of a car; up, around, then down, declaring “game over!” as it propelled him into the pavement with a loud, dull slap.
If people were screaming, I didn’t hear. I was focused on Mara Lynn watching me through the ride, the cages spinning between us, her image flickering like a film reel projected on a bed sheet.
The tempest of blood in her right eye watched me. Golden brown locks of hair snapped in the wind. Her ears bled from those amateur holes I bore, and her lips acknowledged me with a smile. The longer I watched, the deeper the sensation of calling Bloody Mary into a pitch-black mirror.
Mara, I knew now, was the carnival beast.
Mara was its brain.
My God, I realized. She knows!
My jealousy, my lust, my plots. Mara knew my transgressions and I was her next victim. Her face contorted behind that ride, her neck twisted like Ms. Grisham’s. “Is this a ploy, Jaaames? Have you been a good little boy, Jaaames? Mentally undressing an innocent girl? Creating scenarios in your little head? Masturbating to your pervy thoughts, Jaaames? Savoring the moments your bodies touch, Jaaaaaames?”
Mara knew it all. I was no different than the ferrets and she knew it! I was just like Ryan and Danny and Little Trevor Tooth Fairy!
I turned from her horrible smile. I closed my eyes until my sockets fused. I felt her descend upon me, binding my arms with rosaries, crucifying my wrists with her teeth, and ravaging my body whole.

*  *  *

The ride stopped between us. The carnie awoke from his momentary bliss and his face melted at the sight. Children were sobbing and parents were shouting. There was blood on the grate of the first cage and a heap of dead bully on the ground beside me. One eye was buried in the cement. The other was open, watching me.
But I was alive. I had been spared.
I looked behind the cages but Mara was gone. I spun around, and there she was, sitting on the street with her back against a plastic trash can, knees to her chest, blood on her bare shoulder, weeping.
It was exactly what the world needed to see.


12. HAPPILY EVER AFTER

The carnival beast was dead.
The rides had been powered down, but their silhouettes still loomed above the horizon like a graveyard of petrified dragons. Main Street had turned septic with candy wrappers, discarded wristbands and spilled drinks. A traffic signal bobbed in the breeze, its usual rotation of red and green had ceased at eleven PM, now it warned outsiders with a monotonous yellow strobe.
(The musings of a traumatized twelve-year-old are normally unreliable, but I’ll never forget that prevailing thought as I stumbled through the fair: Mara Lynn was pure evil. My face, they told me, was slack and expressionless after Danny’s death. My mind, however, was alive and busy assembling the pieces to Mara’s plot. She didn’t need Carrie-like telekinesis or Jedi mind tricks to exact her revenge, only supreme, inescapable allure.)
I didn’t see A.J.’s body as the paramedics pulled it from the Tilt-a-Whirl’s base, only the chalk outline of legs climbing into that rusty seam. It was A.J.’s dying scream that we heard at the funhouse; ghastly shrieks and the gnashing of metal arms. Twelve riders had to be treated for whiplash after the attraction screeched to a halt. A.J. was killed instantly.
Nobody knew why he crawled through the broken panel. Witnesses could only attest to a look of determination as he weaseled his scrawny limbs through the seam.
(What did Mara whisper in A.J.’s ear that sent him dashing through the fair? Did she claim she left some exciting trinket in the gears beneath the Tilt-a-Whirl? Perhaps a fresh cassette with her singing voice in magnetic tape, maybe a lacy article marked with a scent unique to her. Or maybe she didn’t need to lie, but simply commanded the boy’s servitude. Maybe he obeyed. Whatever method she used, the message was clear, and I recalled Mara’s fondness for squishing flies as a warning to the other flies.)
Within minutes, the carnival bigwigs arrived with their lawyers. Behind them, a handful of representatives from The Lakeshore Celebration planning committee. 
The carnies looked like a Where’s Waldo convention as they stood–arms crossed–among the midway games. Men with grim faces and colorful ties took turns lecturing the operators; one by one, they were plucked from the group and lead into a tent to give their official statements. By morning, six carnies would lose their jobs.
(Were the carnival employees collateral damage from Mara’s plot? Middle-aged men–hopeless targets with dull lives, slugging from city to city to push buttons for ungrateful kids–gladly surrendering their pinup penchants for a numbing glimpse of absolute beauty.)
My family and friends were reunited at a cluster of picnic tables at the front of the park. An ambulance was positioned between the tables for easy access. Inside, a trio of paramedics inspected us for physical and mental trauma as Mom and Dad paced outside the open doors.
“Can you tell me your name, tiger?” asked the male paramedic as he listened for my pulse.
“James Parker,” I replied.
“And how old are you, James?”
“Twelve.”
“Did you see anything that frightened you tonight?”
“Yes.”
“Can you tell me about it?”
I told him about Danny.
The paramedic held a light to my eye. “And how did you feel afterward?”
“I barfed two times on the street, then once in a trash can. My legs feel like Jello and my heart feels fluttery.” I didn’t tell him I saw Mara’s bloody gaze every time I closed my eyes. “Other than that, I feel fine.”
He asked me several more questions then patted me on the back, helped me out of the ambulance, and beckoned my parents.
Kimmy and Haley were holding each other on the picnic table, waiting their turn. Whit’s head was leaning against the handlebar of his chair as he slept with open eyes. Livy refused to leave my mother’s wing and begged her to stay through the ambulance visit.
(Whit, Livy, Kimmy, and Haley were innocents in Mara’s plot. None were punished. None were made to witness.)
Mara was the last to be inspected. When her exam was complete, she refused to leave the ambulance. She only spoke when spoken to, and only the detectives dared to ask her questions.
Mr. and Mrs. Brosh looked exactly like their son with smooth Republican faces, a touch of grey in their roots, handbags and cufflinks and shoes that matched. They were dining with friends at the Dune Grass Grill when the Tilt-a-Whirl collapsed. When they rushed outside to survey the drama, they were unaware that their own child was being traumatized at the opposite end of the park. By the time they realized Ryan was involved in the mayhem, he was already en route to the hospital. Until witnesses gave their statements, the Broshes knew nothing of their son’s epic apology to Mara, only that he had been unusually busy with his friends over the last several days.
(No one would ever know what happened to Ryan behind the funhouse walls. Perhaps Mara whispered words only adults should utter. Maybe she revealed a patch of flesh that high-school freshmen only dream about; an image reflected a thousand times through the hall of mirrors. Whatever she did, she knew her effect.)
Kimmy and Haley’s parents arrived next. The Conrads were right behind them. Whit’s father surveyed the scene with a hand on his forehead. Whit’s mother fell to her knees and sobbed at her son’s feet.
“Get up, Mom,” Whit said. “And stop crying.”
She looked at her son and her face softened. Then she stood up and wiped away her tears.
If the brawl had been the only unusual incident that evening, I suspect the boys would have been hauled to jail for processing. Instead, they were separated into three groups–jerseys, bandanas, and bleach guns–then un-cuffed, finger-printed, and loosely detained on plastic benches until their parents arrived. Firemen attached hoses to hydrants and sprayed down a line of bandana boys and half-naked jocks still itching and crying from the bleach attacks. Paramedics treated the more serious burns in the ambulances. In the coming days, two kids would be declared legally blind.
The surreal affair kept the parents detached and defensive, but eventually, they began to mingle. As they chatted amongst themselves, an interesting dynamic began to play itself out, sparking a chain reaction of mini-revelations. Parents were shocked to learn that they were’t alone; that other families had similar problems with unnaturally defiant boys. They shared stories about their sons sneaking out of the house despite threats of the strictest punishments. “It started with missed dinners,” one mother said. “Then he would disappear until midnight and refuse to tell us where he was. We even installed a bolt on his bedroom door... something a mother should never need to do... and he still managed to sneak out.”
Neither army spoke about the girl who united them. Without a motive for the attacks or the late-night excursions, the parents assumed that their children had been brainwashed by gangs, that they were living proof of America’s skyrocketing violence, that family values were being stripped away by movies, computer games, and Saturday morning cartoons. Concerned mothers exchanged numbers and organized support groups to serve as a lifeline to their troubled kids.
(How easy it must have been for Mara to invite the boys outside her window, to drop a paper football with the time and place and a note to arrive at the carnival armed and ready for a fight. Perhaps a similar letter was mailed to the abandoned Grisham house where she knew the blue bandanas–her previous stalkers–would find it.)
The old ladies were there too, scattered on the carnival outskirts, clustered behind taut yellow tape, watching the aftermath from the shadows.
(They were mothers and grandmothers and churchgoing ladies called to witness Mara’s act of vengeance, doomed to know the source of chaos but unable to betray their malevolent goddess.)
Hank was last to arrive. I watched as he returned from the Salt and Pepper Shakers with a police escort at his heel, scuffing the pavement and wringing a neon hat between his fists. 
There was a woman caught in the crook of his arm, a feeble crutch supporting a broken man. Her cheeks were caked with mascara, but her eyes were dry. She wore a black skirt that revealed more leg with every step she took, but I didn’t need to see her thigh to know it was Rosyln.
We exchanged a glance. I like to think that she somehow knew about the ripped-up Poloroid in the middle of the woods. But that was impossible. I forced a smile and she looked away.
Dad also saw the couple approach. He rose from his seat, stood twelve feet tall, and scowled at the grieving man.
Hank noticed my father immediately. He nodded once, then squeezed Rosyln deeper into the fold of his arm as she led him away. Only when they were out of sight did my father return to his seat.
A.J.’s parents never arrived. It would be daybreak before they learned the news about their son. I was grateful not to see their reaction.

*  *  *

Thanks to his developing relationship with the Parker family, Sheriff Beeder became our liaison with the authorities. We were suspects, though nobody used that word at the time.
The detectives had no trouble assembling the more blatant connections: Danny and A.J. were best friends, all three victims were closely associated with our group, and most importantly, we all had reasons to want them dead. Mara was the obvious focus of the investigation, but every conversation with the girl ended in hugs, handshakes, and absolute certainty that she was uninvolved.
Charlie, the funhouse operator who followed Ryan’s cries through the house of mirrors, couldn’t identify the creature he saw as a little girl. Eyewitnesses at the Salt and Pepper Shaker claimed Mara was the closest to Danny at the moment of his death, but they never saw her touch him and claimed he walked by his own free will into the path of the ride. When asked why she disobeyed the safety gate and stepped through the spinning cages, Mara told them that Danny had frightened her and she was trying to get away.
To secure her innocence, the little girl was nowhere near A.J. when he crawled to his demise.

*  *  *

I was interrogated only once and I lost my composure before the detective could ask her first question.
“I didn’t want him to die,” I sobbed.
A second woman comforted me and assured me I wasn’t in trouble.
The rest of the interview was benign. I only confirmed what fifty witnesses reported before me.
Whit, Livy, Kimmy and Haley were useless.
By the time the sun peeked over the horizon and announced a new day, all six of us had been exonerated.

*  *  *

I don’t remember the car ride home. I don’t remember shutting my curtains or crawling into my bed.
I do remember my restless sleep, waking up to the ringing phone, listening to my mother’s concerned voice as she explained her version of the story again to the police, to the parents of the victims, to Mr. Anderson from Social Services, and to the Greenfields.
I churned beneath my dinosaur sheets. I dreamt of Danny’s death. I drifted between planes of consciousness, reveled in the mystery, and pondered the hundreds of unanswered questions.
Why was A.J. at the carnival? There was more he wanted to say, but he never got the chance. Why was Ryan Brosh a target of Mara’s wrath? I hated the boy, but there was a time when her diary declared us as equals. Who were the boys with the bleach? What summoned them to the trees outside my window? They heard about Mara through the grapevine, I convinced myself. Somehow, they heard her voice and wanted more.
The most important question wracked my brain for hours as I slept: why was I spared?
I awoke again when a hand touched my forehead. The curtains were dark, but I could still see the white part of Mara’s eyes. The blood was gone.
“I’m so sorry,” I said.
“Shh,” she replied.
“Mara–” I said, but she shushed me again.
“Just sleep.”

*  *  *

When I awoke again, Mara was still there. “What time is it?” I asked.
“Midnight,” she said. “You slept all day.”
“Tomorrow night... let’s go on a date.”
“Where to?”
I wiggled my face into the pillow. “How about Gator Golf? Milkshakes afterwards. Dad’ll drive us.”
Mara nodded in the darkness and smiled. “I’d love to.”

*  *  *

The sun was up. My stomach was nauseous and hungry. Twenty-six hours after returning from the carnival, I finally rolled out of bed.
A pair of shorts and a fresh tee were folded and waiting for me on the nightstand. I dressed myself, pressed the swollen bags beneath my eyes, and patted down my hair.
The castle was quiet. Livy’s door was open. Her room was spotless.
“Hello?” I called, but my throat was dry and my voice cracked. I swallowed and tried again. “Mara? Livy?”
“In here, sweetie,” Mom said from the dining room. “There’s tea in the refrigerator.”
I braced myself on the piano, then stumbled through the archways to the kitchen. I cracked an ice cube tray, poured myself some tea, then stepped into the dining room.
Mom, Dad and Livy were sitting around the table. My sister stirred her ice with her index finger. Dad rolled the base of his glass on the wooden top.
“Mornin’” I said. “Where’s Mara?”
“Have a seat, hon,” said my mother.
I narrowed my eyes and asked again. “Where’s Mara?”
Mom stood. “James...” Her voice waned, but her face said it all.
I stepped backward to avoid my mother’s advance. “Dad?” I asked. “Where is she?”
Mom answered for him. “Honey... Mara’s gone.”
I shook my head. “We have a date tonight.”
“Mr. and Mrs. Greenfield picked her up this morning. They’re adopting her, James.”
“Adopting?” My mind grappled with the news. “But school starts next week.”
“Mara’s enrolled in a private school near the Greenfields,” Mom said. “She gets a brand new start, James.”
My chest heaved and I dropped the glass. It clamored on the tile but didn’t break. Tea splattered everywhere.
“Honey–” Mom stepped closer but I held out my palms and she stopped.
“How long did she know?”
Mom sighed. 
“How long!”
“She knew for... a while. She wanted to be the one to tell you.”
“Well she didn’t!” I screamed, then backed against the wall, slid to the floor, and cried.

*  *  *

I knew better than anybody what was best for Mara. Although it took days to admit it to myself, Mom was right, she was safer with the Greenfields.
Mara Lynn could never live within biking distance of Grand Harbor. Her biggest obsessors were years from the legal driving age. Forty miles was enough distance to sever all ties with the boys who lived to love her.
Why was I spared Mara’s wrath? With Mara gone, the answer was obvious: I wasn’t spared. The kiss was my punishment. The kiss had sealed our bond. I belonged to Mara Lynn and now she was gone.
Ryan Brosh was a testimony to the power of Mara’s lips; without ever hearing her sing, a silly kiss propelled him to destroy my sister, to lie to my family, and to perform Shakespearean monologues in public. Now, the desire was in me too–more potent than love, lust, or infatuation–and it could never be satisfied.

*  *  *

Life carried on in spite of my loss.
The carnival deaths made the front page of the tribune for nine straight days and appeared on CNN twice.
Dad took up marksmanship as his new hobby. Friday nights were spent at a firing range, and he even purchased an automatic skeet shooter from Mr. Greenfield’s store.
Mom was scheduled to pick up Fantasia on my first day of school. She changed the sheets in the crib, bought a new pack of onesies, and vacuumed the entire house in anticipation of the baby’s arrival. But the night before Fantasia’s return, Mr. Anderson called and explained to my mother that her foster license had been temporarily revoked. Her stability had been called into question thanks to Mara’s involvement in the carnival carnage.
A thorough investigation lasted through November. In the end, the charges were unsubstantiated and Mom’s foster license was reinstated, but she had already lost the devotion necessary for foster care. Mara Lynn was our last temporary blessing.
Junior high began without incident. My teachers knew my situation and offered me exemption from class to deal with the anxiety that comes with witnessing death. I declined their offer and attended the first day of school with Whit at my side. It was my only distraction from the sickness.
I rarely slept in those first few weeks, spending my nights editing the movie, losing myself in Mara’s fuzzy image, yearning to hear her sing just one more time.
I finished Fairytale during the second week of school and dedicated the movie to Dorothy with a handmade title card. Mom promised me we’d visit the Greenfields when Mara was ready for approved guests. I could even bring a copy of the movie to show the whole family.
I reached my goal weight of one-twenty-five in anticipation of my reunion with Mara, but excuses were made and the date was rescheduled. 
I tried to call her house, but the Greenfields were diligent in picking up the phone first. “She’s not ready, James...” they told me. “But if you have a message, I’ll be sure to deliver it for you!”
It would be Christmas before I saw her again.

*  *  *

It was my idea to visit Ryan Brosh at his home. Maybe I thought Ryan was the key to my unanswered questions. Maybe I longed to connect with the only living boy who understood the sickness caught between my ribs and my spine. Maybe I wanted to witness my enemy’s pain.
Rumors had been flying like spit wads through the hallways of junior high; jokes about the jock who turned retarded because of a crush on a girl.
“I heard his parents lock his door from the outside so he can never come out,” said Jeffery Spitler as Whit and I eavesdropped from a nearby lunch table.
“That’s not half of it!” said his friend. “Jodi’s sister Tori brings him homework after school. Said he’s strapped to his bed and his parents slip food through a special crack in his door.”
“If he’s strapped to the bed, how does he eat?”
“How the hell should I know? Maybe they hire somebody to feed him.”
For the first time in the history of seventh grade, the rumors weren’t far from reality. Ryan’s mother greeted me at the front door with a hug and a shower of gratitude. “You’re the first person to visit Ryan since... the incident,” she said. Her face reminded me of warm wax. Eyeliner was the only makeup she wore, giving her face a distorted, top-heavy quality, and drawing attention to her pink eyes. “I know you and Ryan had a falling out after the incident with your sister. But Don and I... we really appreciate your effort to rekindle a friendship.”
Friendship was hardly my goal. “It’s not a problem, Ma’am.”
“Does blood bother you?” she asked as she led me through a corridor of black-and-white family photos in uniform frames. “Ryan refuses to wear a bandage on his neck. The nurse comes every two days to dress the wound, but the gauze is off before she leaves the room. Do you know how to play Mad Libs?”
“Yes Ma’am.”
“He likes filling out Mad Libs. Connect Four is another favorite. It’s on the bookshelf if you want to play.” She knocked lightly on the last door on the left. “Ryan? Sweetheart? You have company.”
At the foot of Ryan’s bed, a television balanced on a glass coffee table that matched the living-room set I passed only moments ago. On the screen, an operator was explaining the benefits of ordering The Disney Channel. Then a burst of static, followed by a political advertisement condemning Clinton’s healthcare plan. More static, another commercial.
Ryan’s eyes were blue without the charm. His summer tan had dissolved weeks ago into the off-white hue of kindergarten paste. His bangs hung past his eyes, but he was too enthralled by the TV to care.
A vanity was partially obstructed by an open closet door. Its mirror was missing, leaving an empty, oval frame. A stack of textbooks sat on the floor with crisp covers and unbroken spines. Heaps of magazines littered the nightstand forcing a lamp to the edge. The pages were crinkled and torn. The top magazine was an issue of TIME with a close-up of a woman’s face. The eyes and lips had been meticulously removed. The carpet was vacuumed with checker-board precision and I felt rude for not removing my sneakers at the front door.
Mrs. Brosh stepped inside just long enough to remove the remote from her son’s meager grip. She flipped off the TV and said, “Why don’t you two talk for a bit?” Remote in hand, she left us alone in the room.
Ryan’s head rolled to face me and it smiled. “They keep me from sleepwalking,” he said.
“Huh?”
“The straps.” He nodded to a velcro loop at the top bed post. “Not ‘cause I’m crazy, just ‘cause I dream.”
I nodded.
“Didja bring the movie, James?”
“What movie?” I asked, scrambling to remember the reasons I came.
“The fairytale, Jaaames.”
“I didn’t bring it this time, but I can make you a copy tonight.”
“You’re here to talk about her, aren’t ya James?” The hole in Ryan’s neck watched me as he spoke. “You’re missin’ her too, aren’t ya?”
“I just came to say hi.”
“You came to pry!” he said. “You came to find out what Mara showed me.” The hole mimicked his words like a second mouth. When Ryan smiled, the hole smiled too. “I’ll never say, little dude. It’s for me. It’s locked away and I’ll never tell a soul!”
“I don’t care about that.”
“It was a gift, James. I don’t know what changed, but in that moment, I know she loved me.”
“What do you mean you don’t know what changed?”
“In Mara. The monologue? I was desperate. I never expected it to work. She turned me down so many times before–”
“Turned you down?”
“Jaaames, you’re so out of touch with reality!”
“When did she turn you down?”
“The first time? The day we met.”
“On the roof?”
“I wanted you to ask her if she liked me.”
“But I didn’t.”
“I know. So I grew some balls and did it myself.”
“But Mara did like you.”
“Ha!”
“She did! She said so in her diary! You read it yourself!”
“Jamesie, Jamesie, Jamesie... you should be the one strapped to the bed. Mara never mentioned me in her diary. I read it that night but it only confirmed what I already knew: Mara liked you, and she liked Whit.”
“Whit?” My eyes burned as I repeated his name. The pieces began to drop into place like a rapid game of Connect Four.
It was Whit from the very beginning.
He broke his own VCR to keep us at the castle.
He gave me candy to sabotage my diet.
He abandoned me so I couldn’t finish the film.
He told me about Ryan’s comment about my sister because, thanks to me, he also thought the jock was in the mix.
He staged the fight with A.J. to make himself look like a hero... but how did he convince Age to go along with it?
The new candy! Of course. Whit was the richest kid in the seventh grade. If A.J. accepted twenty bucks to rig a game of Truth or Dare, Whit could certainly pay him to take a hit.
Ryan fingered the hole in his neck while my mind digressed into an alternate reality where my arch nemesis was an innocent lunatic and my best friend was my sworn enemy.
The modem! Whit knew about the adoption and ordered the modem that the Greenfields found on their front step! Now Mara had email. Whit had email. And I was stuck making phone calls to a girl who wasn’t allowed to answer the phone!
The final revelation struck me so hard that I stumbled backwards in Ryan’s room. The boys with bleach... the ferrets in my trees... they were Whit’s friends from computer camp. Somehow, he rallied them together. They were boys he could trust and control, pawns in a game I didn’t even know we were playing, deployed by the mastermind as a diversion from his real plan!
Whit had it all figured out, but his schemes unraveled at the carnival. A.J. got mad and fought back for real. The pawns–sick of waiting in trees for Mara to sing–accepted her invitation and armed themselves for war.
“She makes you blind,” Ryan said. “She has that ability.”
I finally understood Mara’s despondent reaction to Ryan and Livy’s relationship. She wasn’t spiteful because Ryan loved another girl, but angry because she knew Ryan’s plan! The moment he showed interest in Mara, she knew the trajectory of her relationship with Livy. And it made her sad.
I realized too my part in Ryan’s fate: my slip of the tongue during his driveway apology. “Mara doesn’t like you anymore,” I had blurted. “Anymore?” he asked. And two days later, he staged his grand proposal.
“Jaaames,” Ryan groaned. “I want that movie, Jaaames.” His eyes snapped shut, then opened wide.
I shook my head and walked to the door.
“You owe me that movie, Jaaames,” he said again. “Bring me the movie, James! BRING ME THE MOVIE, JAMES!”
I twisted the knob and dashed from the room and ignored Mrs. Brosh on my way out the front door. I leapt on my bike and peddled like mad, but Ryan’s psychotic plea followed me home.

*  *  *

Whitney Conrad scanned the faces of our junior high classmates as they bickered over the fairness of "Chinese cuts" in the lunch line.
"Scared?" I asked.
He scoffed. "No. I’m preparing my introductions." He unzipped his infamous red bag to reveal organized rows of candy.
I pointed to a cluster of kids we knew from elementary. "What about Chris and the gang? They’re always good for a Heath bar."
"I’m stepping it up this year," Whit replied. "See those kids at the back of the lunch line? They’re carrying cold, hard cash. I just need to convince them that sugar tastes better than Meatloaf Surprise."
"Always thinkin’ ahead."
I expected Whit to muster his courage and approach the kids in line, but he remained still. "Danny and A.J...." he said.
"What about them?"
"I know how probability works." He paused. Even Whit was having trouble finding the words to express the impossible. "It wasn’t a coincidence, was it?"
"Why? Did you see something else that night?"
"No. Did you?"
"No."
Whit scratched his elbow and continued to face the dwindling line of kids.
"Have you and Mara been talking?" I asked.
"The Greenfields are strict about the phone–"
"Computer mail," I said. "You both have modems now."
Whit shook his head. "Naw. I don’t think Mr. G. knows how to work a computer."
I couldn’t tell Whit that I knew about his betrayal. Not yet.
But someday.
He unzipped another compartment on the outside of his backpack, then reached inside and plucked a baggie filled with white powder. "Candy?"

*  *  *

There’s a heading in my creative writing book titled “Understanding Theme: The Coming of Age Story.” In this section, the author pinpoints the protagonist’s transition into manhood at “the moment he accepts that there are forces of nature he cannot control or comprehend. Victory comes when he ultimately learns to smile.”
I’d like to say that my summer with Mara taught me a valuable lesson; that I grew up, learned to smile, forgot about my grade-school crush and moved on with my life. But this isn’t that kind of story. Mara wasn’t an after-school special or the catalyst for a textbook ascent into manhood. I belonged to her. I would love her for the rest of my life. If these persistent truths hampered my maturity, then so be it. 
I could wait. I could be different.
And someday, I would succeed where the others had failed.


EPILOGUE: LOS ANGELES, NOVEMBER 2004

It’s six AM and my book is complete.
I’m drunk, probably high, and I can hear last night’s fling stirring in my bedroom.
Broken vertical blinds cast a row of orange bars across my keyboard. I part them with my hand and peer at the yellow-stucco apartment across the street. A light turns on in the second story window. I imagine what she’s wearing and ponder–again–her morning routine.
I’m not the only man who chased Mara’s perfection across the continent. How many other boys awoke in the City of Angels the same way one arrives at their destination but can’t remember the drive? How many of my childhood peers are walking the prickly shores of Venice Beach with a west-coast fling in the crook of their arm, pretending not to scour every inch of their peripherals for that body, that smile, that glance that once dragged them into manhood and left?
My office door opens. The woman yawns and scratches her thigh. “How’s the book?” she asks.
“Done,” I tell her.
“When do I get to read it?”
I ignore her question.
She shrugs. We kiss. Thirty seconds after she leaves my office, I hear the shower.
Outside my window, the red convertible is right on time. His usual parking space is taken, so he blocks traffic and waits beside the yellow-stucco apartment. Asshole. He honks once and I watch her emerge; the light of my waking dream, the muse of my prose. Down the steps she runs–smiling–dashing between a pair of lemon trees and a rusty blue gate, then into the car of a faceless man who will never understand that Mara Lynn can’t be bought, that she’ll ruin his life, or that I saw her first.


REQUEST AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

To the lovely person who just finished my book,

Writing novels is a horrible way to make money. I’ve been doing this for over four years, and I’m not even close to making a living off my work... which sucks, because writing is the only thing I’m good at.

I feel like I have a lot more to offer, and I’m confident my dreams can come true with the help of my readers. If you want to read more of my work in the future, please take a few seconds to rate and review this book on any of the following websites. It might seem like a silly request, but one review has the potential to launch my career.

Amazon
iTunes
Goodreads
Smashwords

I can’t wait to read your feedback!

Jake

______________________________

I hate my writing about 85% of the time. I doubt my characters, I write the same words over and over, and I wonder if my sentences will even make sense to readers. After six months of exploring the same themes, it becomes impossible to see the forest through the trees. Characters start to look the same, the concepts I once found exciting begin to feel dull, and I feel as if I’m merely transcribing a series of banal notes from my bulletin board. Self-doubt is a struggle for any artist, and it’s often the reason we fail.
Luckily we have family, friends, and dedicated readers for support.
At the time of this printing, I am engaged to the most loving and patient girl in the world. Allison listens to me bitch about my writing all day, every day, and reminds me constantly of the reasons I do what I do. It’s because of her feedback that I see the good in my work. Her encouragement is my biggest source of motivation.
My poor mother has put up with these creative ups and downs for years. Nobody knows more about my fear of failure than she does... and nobody has stuck with me for so long. If she didn’t believe in her son, I would have abandoned my creative aspirations with the piano, drums, painting, sculpting, filmmaking, or screenwriting. Thanks to her, I have courage to go on.
My father was one of my biggest supporters both financially and emotionally. Through his illness, I was given the time to write four books while sticking close to my family. Although my stories weren’t his usual cup of tea, he saw something special in my words and always managed to tell me about his favorite scenes. The Accidental Siren is my most accessible book. I like to think he would have enjoyed it.
I haven’t seen Richard Vialet in person for over three years, yet he maintains his commitment to my work and ambitions. He knows when to build me up. He knows when to tear me down. Our phone film discussions have been a tremendous learning experience over the past several years. Whether we’re ripping apart the last two seasons of Lost, or rehashing our hatred for Indiana Jones 4, our banter builds my confidence and I constantly find myself applying our findings to my own work. This has been the best ways to conquer feelings of inadequacy, and I can’t thank him enough.
I also need to thank Kimberly Perkins (my future mother-in-law) for her hilarious anecdotes that send me scrounging for my notebook, and to my new friend Daniel Gateley for our long discussions on philosophy, literature, and hopes for the future.
I would like to give a special shout out to those who responded to my Facebook cries for help. My sister Lori answered my million questions about fostering within minutes... and I had dozens of them! Also, thanks to Laura Franz, Bill Whirity, Jodie Kok, and Mark Bottrell for using their unique expertise to help me out.
Finally, I need to thank my amazing readers on Wattpad.com. My time with this online community has been immensely rewarding, and this is the only way I know how to show my gratitude. Dozens of readers took the time to comment on my work, to answer my questions, and to point out typos that I overlooked. Not only has their feedback shown me that I’m on the right track, but they’ve helped me re-discover the things that drew me to my stories in the first place. I encourage you to check out their work on Wattpad; it’s the least I can do to repay their loyalty!

TheDivineMissM (Emily Faith)
HuggingFeet (Emmy Chen)
AnnaxLove (Anna Gallegos)
KJColton
WhoShotKennedi (Kennedi Bates)
JamesClifton (James Clifton)
Hgreen
ANNEnonymous (Anne Pablo)
SurrealAndUnseen (Vinuthna Kante)
afearofcarpets (Kiera Howell)
biggie321hp
MillionLaughsAMinute

Other Novels By Jake Vander Ark

Lighthouse Nights
The Brandywine Prophet
The Day I Wore Purple

Visit The Accidental Siren Online
