The Death Bed
by Danel Adams

License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The Manchells had striven for years to preserve the façade of a normal middle class suburban family, but when the threads that had bound them together begin to unravel the members find themselves at odds with each other and themselves.  As each of them finds their own mold and becomes increasingly set in it, Julia Manchell searches for an answer that can pull the increasingly polarized family back together.  Looking to the family’s dying patriarch for support she must navigate the various pitfalls of hedonism, pragmatism, and nihilism that her loved ones fall into, while trying to preserve the childlike innocence of her younger brother throughout the ordeal.  She soon finds that before she can accomplish her purpose she must first come to grips with the lingering guilt from her own hidden past.

The Death Bed is the story of a family that drifts apart and collides violently back together again, as they find that they are still bound to one another through their sufferings and shared disasters.  It delves deep into the human psyche and examines the eternal search for meaning that unifies all of mankind.
Table of Contents
Part I
Part II
Part III
Part I

Chapter 1

“I honestly don’t know how he’s still holding on,” said the blonde woman as she exhaled a cloud of smoke out of the corner of her mouth. She was slender and attractive, and carried herself in such a way that others couldn’t help noticing it. “Medically speaking he should have been dead months ago; all the doctors are baffled. Not that they really care about him. Who would? They just want to understand so they can write it up in their journals. He’d be in a hospital if the family hadn’t objected. It had something to do with insurance, but you know how that goes.”
The blonde woman’s companion slid over to the far side of the booth as subtly as possible to avoid the smoke, which had been irritating her eyes throughout their lunch together, despite the blonde woman’s best attempts to be conscientious. 
“Are you still trying to quit?” she asked trying to avoid the cloud of smoke. “I only ask because I’m worried about your health.”
“There are a lot of other things that can kill you. If I live long enough for these things to get to me then I’ll consider myself fortunate,” the blonde woman said and put out what little remained of her cigarette.
“Lung cancer’s still a horrible way to go, there’s lots of pain with cancer.”
“There are much worse ways to die; trust me. If you’d worked at a nursing home as long as I have you’d understand that. Like this guy I was mentioning. I’d take lung cancer over whatever he’s got in a heartbeat.” The blonde woman spoke with a casual detachedness, as if she were worlds removed from the topic.
Her companion seemed to be deep in thought, then said abruptly, “I’ve heard of cases where people have managed to stay alive well past what medical science would expect, and then all of a sudden, usually after something drastic happens, like the death of a loved one, they pass on. It’s like they go on living by sheer will to stay alive.”
“But that’s what makes him different,” retorted the blonde woman, not meaning to sound as contradictory as she did. “He has nothing to live for; he hardly ever has visitors and he just lays in bed all day reading. It’s like he’s been waiting for death to come for him, but it never does.” Looking at her watch, she put away the cigarette she was about to light, got up from the table, made a comment about time passing too fast, and straightened her name tag which read “Susie” even though she had always gone by Susan.
“Thanks so much for meeting me for lunch. It’s been too long since we’ve had time to just sit down and chit chat for a while,” said the blonde woman. She looked at the check, left seven dollars and twenty-six cents on the table, apologized for having to leave in such a hurry, and promised that they would “do this again sometime” as she rushed out the door.
* * *
Abraham Thomas Manchell had existed for seventy-eight years. He served his country in Korea where he was credited with saving the lives of two of his comrades, before he returned home to work in construction. At the age of twenty-six he waited as his wife gave birth to their first son. He had been a handsome man then, with his thick black hair slicked over to one side and his muscles well defined. He retired at the age of seventy-one, one year to the day after Margie, his childhood sweetheart and wife of over fifty years, had died of cancer. He took up woodcarving to pass the time, until arthritis prevented him from being able to properly maneuver his knife. “I’ve lived a right decent life,” he would tell people. “Right decent and I’ve got nothing but good memories, memories of living when the world was still simple and a man could work in the day and enjoy life when he got home to his family.” He continued to tell people this up until the day he moved into Grace Assisted Living Center.
After fourteen months in that assisted care facility all those years and memories now seemed to him as if they belonged to someone else. The simple process of recollection was painstaking, and he had all but given up on it after moving out of his old house, away from everything that used to be familiar. All he had left were some wooden animals that he had whittled years ago. They now lined the dresser next to his bed, which was actually quite comfortable; it had one of those fancy mattresses that they were always advertising on television. Not many places had beds like that, and he suspected that the beds had been the deciding factor for his son when he’d chosen Grace over Mercy. As he lay in that bed at Grace Assisted Living Center, his second hand copy of an old western novel, the only real companion that he had, sat on the dresser surrounded by wooden animals just out of reach. Susie had carelessly set it there when she came in to give him his medicine, despite having been told on several occasions to leave his books on the end table by the bed.
Abraham reached for the call button to have someone come in and hand him the worn out paperback, but changed his mind. Instead, he turned on the television that was mounted in the back corner of each resident’s room. It was an enormous black television and the dim light that it produced flickered on the barren white walls of his room. Abraham fell asleep within the hour while a rerun of M*A*S*H played in the background. 
* * *
Lewis Manchell had been an accident. His parents had decided that three children were more than enough, but hadn’t been careful with birth control. The result of that carelessness sat in his desk in Mrs. Puckett’s sixth grade classroom, not comprehending a word that his teacher was saying about long division. This lack of comprehension was not from lack of intelligence, he had always been considered one of the smartest kids in his class, but because he was devoting all of his attention to Summer Wallburn, who was recognized in most circles as the prettiest girl in the sixth grade. 
Summer was sitting two desks away and was busy working out the problem from the dry erase board: five hundred and eighty-four divided by thirty-two. Lewis fixed his eyes first on the perfect movement of her hand, noting her meticulous penmanship, not bubbly like that of the other girls, nor scrawled like his own, but slanted and fluid, like a grownup’s. This lent her an air of maturity and made her all the more alluring. Lewis’s eyes soon migrated from those delicate white hands to her lips, which were pressed tightly together, and her wrinkled nose, which made her appear focused and studious, a characteristic that Lewis felt was essential in a girlfriend. He admired her sleek brown hair that bobbed perfectly under her cheeks; it made him all the more self-conscious about his cowlick, and he discretely spit on his hand and pressed the saliva down onto the patch of hair that stuck straight up on the back of his head, a remedy that, of course, only made the situation worse. But he soon forgot about his own shortcomings as his attention was drawn to her dark brown eyes. 
This is where his attention remained until she turned her head and he quickly looked away, slightly embarrassed to have been caught, but exhilarated by the rush that came from that brief moment in which her eyes had met his own. He couldn’t help wondering if she had noticed his cowlick and tilted his head so that it would be less visible from her angle, just in case she looked his way again. 
His heart was still pounding when he realized that he had been called several times to go up to the board. He could feel a tide of inaudible giggles washing over his back as he almost tripped over the leg of his chair when he stood up from his desk. He walked up to the board where he worked the problem as quickly as he could, longing to escape the supposed attention of his peers.
“Is that right class?” Mrs. Puckett’s condescending voice indicated to the rest of the class that Lewis had made a mistake.
“No,” said several voices from the class in unison.
“Summer, can you tell us what Lewis did wrong?” Mrs. Puckett asked using that same condescending tone.
“He forgot to write out the remainder,” answered Summer.
“That’s correct. Remember you always have to write out the remainder. You can sit down now Lewis.” Mrs. Puckett’s words were such a relief that Lewis hardly noticed the chiding words that followed: “Try to pay better attention,” as he hurried to his desk, where he made a conscious effort to avoid looking in Summer’s direction.
* * *
Julia Manchell was the only member of the family who seemed to live in a continued state of bliss. And why shouldn’t she? She was a senior in high school, had her driver’s license, and a brand new shimmering red Ford Mustang. The outside world saw her as the perfect girl. To them she was charming, intelligent, and passionately in love with the boy she had determined to marry—as soon as he could find the nerve to tell her how he felt. 
Because of her all too perfect life, most of those who were closest to her could hardly stand being around her. It wasn’t that she was stuck up, not in the least, but because of the overbearing air of happiness she exuded. Those who could tolerate her were able to do so because they looked at her lovesick mannerisms, the daydreaming and the way she seemed to float rather than walk, with a pessimistic pity, knowing that such bliss could never last. Only a few people belonged to this second group, most of whom had learned to be skeptical of happiness from personal experience. They tended to be older, and so it was easy for Julia to dismiss them as worn out pessimists who had been beaten down by time, people so shortsighted that they could only assume that her life would follow the same course as their own.
Her mother belonged to this second group, and saw a younger version of herself in her daughter’s beaming lovesick face as she and Jason floated out the door and down the walkway. 
* * *
Mrs. Manchell stood in the courtyard, just outside the front door and watched as the young man opened the passenger door of his old, but well maintained Mazda, and waited for Julia to sit down before closing it behind her.
Mrs. Manchell escaped through the open door into the empty house so that her daughter wouldn’t see the tears that were beginning to fill her eyes. She was embarrassed and wasn’t even sure why she was crying. A myriad of emotions welled up in her: regret over lost time with her little girl, joy at seeing her daughter happy, anxiety for the hurt that would inevitably come when the boy fell out of love. All these emotions gave way to one that she had never been able to find a name for, the empty feeling that always found its way in when she thought about her own life. This nagging nameless emotion grew stronger than it had been in the past as she compared her daughter’s blissful state to her own.
Resolving not to let any of the tears that were blurring her vision to stain her cheek, she dabbed her eyes, went into the kitchen, and poured a glass of Merlot. The wine almost matched the burgundy paint that covered the walls of the kitchen. It was the only room in the house that wasn’t white because she had insisted on having a little color in one at least one room. She walked through the living room where paintings and family pictures covered the sterile walls with a cluttered elegance that, over time, had become more cluttered than elegant. She sat by herself in the parlor and drank deeply. She let herself sink into the beige sofa. They had bought it when David was born knowing that it would be impossible to hide the stains that would inevitably come from children on a white sofa. As she melted into the comfort of the sofa, her body found itself enveloped in the beige leather; her mind found itself enveloped in thoughts about how he used to come home early and they would drink together until they were just a little tipsy and then spend the evening . . .
But David was away oversees and he never came home early, and now it was time to pick Lewis up from Tommy Johnson’s house. She set the half empty glass of wine on the coffee table and hurried out the door.
* * *
“I’m going to change the world. I intend to learn everything I can over the next four years and use that understanding to better mankind. I want to attend college because I believe it will better equip me to be an agent of change in this world, to learn where our society has gone wrong and how I can best spend my life to make it right.”
This is what Thomas Manchell had written on his application to be admitted into college. Nevertheless, he was admitted, and even given an academic scholarship. But, like most college freshmen, those words that he had written his last semester of high school had been all but forgotten, especially now that he was at the Harvest Hoedown. As a pledge he was required to attend all fraternity events, even when they were scheduled on a Tuesday night in the middle of a busy week of classes, but nobody had to twist his arm since his date was the cutest girl who had ever given him the time of day. She was pledging Chi Omega, had big brown eyes, was interested in him, and this was all Thomas cared about as she taught him to two-step under the barn roof that his fraternity had rented for the night.
He was noticeably nervous when she had him put his hand on her shoulder. His movements were rigid, and he apologized after every missed step. But as the night wore on, her reassuring laughter and the spiked punch loosened him up, and they both laughed as he tripped over her feet on the dirt dance floor.
“So what are you studying?” she asked when the song had ended and they were sitting in folding chairs at one of the wooden tables that surrounded the dance floor.
“I haven’t decided yet,” Thomas admitted.
“What do you like? What do you want to do?” she continued as if she were more interested in maintaining the conversation than in his response.
“I’m not sure yet. But I’m going to make a real difference. I’m not one of those guys who’s here to get a degree so I can get a better job and make more money. I’m going to learn how to change the world and help people.
“Help people,” she said almost suppressing a chuckle. “That sounds really, I don’t know, sweet. But why do you want to spend your whole life doing that? Are you one of those guys with a martyr complex, or are you just trying to convince me that you’re a sweet innocent freshman?” 
As she waited for his response, her body language was still flirtatious, but it wasn’t as flirtatious as it had been a moment ago. Meanwhile, Thomas sat dumbfounded. In all his talk about making a difference nobody had ever asked him why. Somewhere inside he found an answer, but he couldn’t bring himself to tell it to those inquisitive brown eyes across from him. The words, “I don’t know,” escaped from his mouth as he stalled for time. 
“That seems like a lot of self-sacrifice and hard work for no reason. Do you really think that you’ll follow through without even knowing why?” Her sarcastic tone still had a hint of playfulness, but it threw Thomas even further off guard.
“I guess I just want to leave my mark on the world. I want people to remember that I was here and that I did something important.”
“Good, for a second I was afraid that you were one of those stuck up moralists who’s always saying that everyone should do ‘the right thing’ and never have any fun.” 
Thomas didn’t see anything wrong with what those beautiful brown eyes across from him had just condemned, but he also knew that he should reassure his date. “No. I’m nothing like that.”
“I’m relieved,” she said and then, without any hesitation, took Thomas’s hand and said, “Let’s dance.”
As she drug him back out to the dance floor Thomas was still thinking about why he had felt for so long that he should try to help others at his own expense. He wondered if it wasn’t simply because he knew that it was the right thing to do—or at least to want to do. But he couldn’t escape his own words: I just want to leave my mark on the world. The more he thought about them the more he thought about what kind of a legacy he would leave, how he would be remembered, perhaps like a Mother Teresa, or a Martin Luther King Jr. or even a John F. Kennedy. 
As the dance went on his thoughts became more and more ambitious, and a little more distant from his old dream. As he let his mind wander, he danced better than he had all night, no longer focusing on each step, but letting them come naturally, getting swept up with the music. He looked into those big brown eyes and noticed that they were dancing a little closer to his own, and for the moment that was all that mattered to him.
* * *
Peter Manchell, who was described by his wife as a recovered alcoholic, though he had never gone to an AA meeting or acknowledged that he had ever had a problem, was the father of four, and the husband to what most people would agree to be a beautiful loving wife. He was a respected and upstanding man, and so he tried not to curse as he sat alone in his car, surrounded by thousands of other commuters, all equally alone in their respective automobiles, separated by their dent resistant side paneling and shatter proof windshields.
Peter turned on the radio in an attempt to drown out the sounds of progress that came from the construction crew and cursed himself for not taking the beltway. He didn’t know why he was in a hurry; he had no plans for the evening and no real desire to be at home. Nevertheless, the inconvenience irritated him, even after he got out of the backup caused by the construction and could once again speed along the interstate. He cracked his window enough so that he could hear the wind whipping into the car just by his ear. He turned the radio up another notch. By the time he pulled into his driveway he had, somewhere in his subconscious, determined to be in a bad mood. Neither his wife nor his children were home and not being able to take out his frustrations on them he resorted to the television and spent another evening in a futile attempt to drown out his foul temper, the cause of which he couldn’t even name. 
* * *
Peter didn’t know how to respond when his wife came home, found him watching sports, and, quite unexpectedly, asked, “How did we come to this?” She sat down in the rocking chair and didn’t say anything else. 
“What do you mean? Are you okay?” Peter tried to console his wife with a calm innocence in his tone. He got up from his seat on the couch and walked behind the rocking chair. He reached out his hands to rub her shoulders, but it had been too long since he’d comforted her like that, and the gesture now seemed absurd and out of place. Instead, he turned so that their backs faced each other, and waited for his wife’s reply.
She turned around and seeing only her husband’s back resigned herself to drop the point.
“Yes, I’m fine; it’s just been a long day.”
“So there’s nothing wrong?” Peter asked. He was certain that his wife would not pursue the conversation and so he felt free to feign concern, concealing the relief that came from having avoided the potentially problematic conversation.
“No. No.” She repeated the word in an attempt to convince herself that she was telling the truth, and then added, “There’s nothing wrong. I’m going to go back to the bedroom to watch the news.”
Peter didn’t respond as she got up and made her way to the bedroom, the glass of Merlot still sat on the coffee table, still half empty. She sat on the edge of the bed and methodically took off her shoes, then changed into her bathrobe before getting under the covers. She wrapped herself up in the linen sheets, pulling them under her chin. She reached for the remote and turned the television to channel five. The opening story was about the possibility of war with some other remote nation. The possibility of war was the last thing that she wanted to think about. It only reminded her of David. She searched for something to occupy her thoughts. But despite her efforts, those tears that had nearly escaped earlier that day, when Julia had skipped across the lawn, began to well up again.
She turned off the television and lay in bed for several minutes, determined not to think or feel anything. When the silence became too much for her, she took a sheet of paper from a notebook that she kept by the bed and wrote “Mrs. Peter Manchell.” The writing looked so elegant, but the words only plunged her further into depression. It seemed like a lifetime ago when she had written those words over and over in joyful expectancy. She drew a line through them and wrote beneath it, “Hannah Manchell,” but was still dissatisfied with the words that looked back at her. She crossed them out replacing them with “Hannah Freeman Manchell,” then scribbled over all of her work and wrote in shaky letters “Hannah Joy Freeman.” Her hand was shaking so violently that it was all she could do to make the name legible. She looked intently at the paper and crossed out “Freeman” leaving only “Hannah Joy.”
“That is who I used to be,” she thought. As Hannah looked at that name the memories of her mother, and how she had used those words to wake her up or call her to dinner were like the breaking of a dam, and she lay there letting them wash over her and the tears that she had been holding back since Julia had left that afternoon couldn’t be held back any longer.
“How did we come to this? How did it all come to this?” she said just under her breath.
* * *
Later that night Peter turned off the game and made his way to the bedroom to watch the rest of the evening news. When he saw his wife’s puffy face through the cracked door and noticed that the room wasn’t lit by the TV’s soft glow, he went to the living room and turned the game back on.
Hannah Joy Freeman Manchell noticed her husband hesitate at the half closed door, then heard an announcer’s overexcited voice coming from the living room. While she lay in bed, someone in some arena or stadium or field had just made “the most incredible play of the game.” She got up, plodded across the room, and gently shut the almost closed door, thinking about how her husband had almost come to bed. While thinking of what she had almost suggested less than an hour ago, she fell back on the bed and buried her face in her pillow. She didn’t scream or cry, even though she wanted so badly to do both. She kicked at the blankets until she had succeed in untucking them from the side of the bed and then lay face down for some time and almost went to sleep, but instead she turned the television back on. The anchor led into a story about a three car pileup caused when one car lost control and swerved across the median on the interstate. They were interviewing somebody who insisted that this was reason enough to replace the raised grass with concrete barriers that would separate the northbound and southbound lanes.
The story brought back the memory of her parents. The memory, though distant, was still painful and she normally pushed it away, but this time she welcomed the pain; it made her feel alive, something she hadn’t felt in so long. 
The memory came to her in fragmented images rather than as a narrative: her new engagement ring, the drunk driver, her roommates tone, the way Peter had held her even though she had squirmed and tried to push him away, and the untouched glasses of wine. She could still see the ratty walls and the lime green linoleum floor. She remembered how he held her all evening as they sat on the shag carpet that covered the floor.
“So different. How did we come to this?” she asked again as she lay in the plush bed. She said it out loud, intentionally tormenting herself. She reached over for the remote to turn the TV off for the second time that night, collapsed back into her pillow, and cried into it until she was ashamed of herself. She kept crying until the shame turned to resentment. She hated Peter for being so distant; she hated the fact that she had fallen in love with him, or maybe the fact that she had fallen out of love with him. More than anything else she hated herself for having become so weak and emotional.
“Never again,” she thought as she wiped her face with a Kleenex. “I will never cry another tear, not for him or me or anyone else. I won’t get lost in self-pity. I’m stronger than this.” She turned the television on again, and in the same instant turned off a part of herself that she had mislabeled “frail femininity.” For so many years it had only caused her grief. Then, so subtly that she wasn’t even aware of what was happening, she also gave up on the hope of reconciling everything that had gone so horribly wrong. She renounced her past life, a life that had died so silently that she couldn’t even put a finger on an exact date, or even a year or decade. 
Hannah Manchell watched the movie that came on after the news and eventually fell asleep with the television on. Peter turned it off when he climbed into bed, still exhausted from his long day at the office, which seemed longer when he thought about how he was going to deal with his boss in the morning. His frustrations were only compounded by a two game losing streak, and it was on these things that he meditated until sleep finally overtook him.
Chapter 2

“The Picture Family”
The red sun had descended
painting the sky orange and yellow
while his children played in the yard,
and his wife watched, full of vibrancy.
The computer monitor burned colors
onto the retina that transposed 
scrawled images into his brain 
as he sat in the office building
faced with the days that lingered longer
than the day itself. He looked at his family,
not formed with flesh and blood,
but with film and pigments.
His wife no longer vibrant but frozen,
with a hollow smile and her arm placed
gently on his second son’s shoulder
while his youngest suppresses the urge 
to put bunny ears on his older sister.
And there he was in the back, always with them,
a comforting thought even though he knew
the photograph lied. 
As his watch beeped and the clock chimed
four chimes too many, he reached out
in an attempt to touch his family,
but his fingers were blocked
by the thin layer of glass that kept
the picture frozen and perfect,
un-smudged by tired fingers working
too late to feel family.

The next day was a Wednesday, a day when everyone seemed to be especially lethargic and eager to go home. Peter worked late. At least he wouldn’t have to deal with traffic. As he toiled he found himself spending more time looking at the photograph of his family that sat on his desk than working. It was a glossy eight by ten print encased in a polished silver frame and protected by a pane of glass that produced a glare in the upper right hand corner as it reflected the florescent light that hung from the ceiling of his office. He loved looking at his family in that picture; they smiled at him for a change, and they were all there lined up perfectly, except for David who had been stationed overseas when the photograph was taken. He liked that family, all smiles, no problems, no difficulties, happy and perfect. Peter thought about how much weight he had put on since that picture was taken, and was considering jogging in the mornings when Stanly walked by his office. 
“You sure are working late,” Stanly said.
Peter looked startled and then looked up to see his coworker leaning on the frame of his open office door. Seeing that Stanly wasn’t just passing by, Peter said, “I’m just trying to finish sorting these papers while Sam isn’t around to breath down my neck. You know, ‘Bringing the world together through better communications.’”
“And loads of red tape,” Stanly added.
Stanly let himself in and pulled up the chair that normally sat in the corner of the office. He was younger than Peter, probably in his early to mid-thirties. He’d been with the company for almost a year now, but Peter had never taken much notice of him beyond the standard superficially friendly office greetings. He was nondescript, neither fat nor thin, short nor tall. He had more hair than Peter but showed signs of losing it. His shirt and tie, which he wore even when working after hours, seemed to Peter to be as bland as his personality, especially in comparison with the tattered gray t-shirt and blue jeans into which Peter had changed. Stanly seemed to represent a compilation of everyone else that worked in the office, and that must have been why he had never made much of an impression on Peter one way or the other.
“So why are you really here?” Stanly asked having made himself comfortable.
At first Peter was offended and then shocked by his coworker’s forwardness but then realized that it might be nice to have someone to talk to for a change.
“There’s not much going on at home, and I haven’t been one to hit the bars since I got married, or at least for a while. I guess we’re both here for about the same reason.”
“So you had a fight with your wife too? What’s her name again?”
“Hannah,” Peter said. “But we didn’t have a fight. We don’t have much of anything these days.”
“Is that her? She’s a real catch.” Stanly pointed to the picture that sat on Peter’s desk. “I thought you had four kids.”
“I do. David, the oldest, went off and joined the military. It drives his mother crazy. He was stationed in Germany, when we took the photo.” 
The two sat and made small talk until Stanly got up and said, “I’m about ready to get out of here but I don’t want to turn in just yet. Why don’t we go out and get a few beers. Just because we’re married doesn’t mean we can’t have a good time.”
Peter didn’t object, but as he put on his jacket and turned out the light in his office, he wondered when marriage had become an impediment to enjoying life. He hadn’t thought long before Stanly asked if he knew any good pubs. Peter said that he didn’t, and Stanly suggested a place downtown. They walked out of the building and down the sidewalk between the patches of perfectly trimmed green grass. When they got to the parking lot, they each got into their own car and agreed to meet up in the pub’s parking lot. 
Later that night, much later, when Peter rolled into his driveway he stepped timidly out of the car and looked at his watch to confirm that it was in fact well past midnight and he wondered how he was going to get up for work. But when morning came the habits he had worked all his life to established were stronger than one late night on the town, and he managed to get out of bed and go to work just like he had done every other day for so many years. 
* * *
Half of the guys who were in Thomas’s pledge class had liked the hoe down enough that the next day they all decided to go to some cowboy bar just outside of town and go two stepping. Thomas hadn’t wanted to go. Two nights in a row seemed like too much. But John Hunt managed to get him to change his mind. So at eleven o’clock on a Wednesday night Thomas found himself sitting at a table in a cloud of smoke at some crowded bar next to the dance floor. 
The bar’s trendy western décor was obviously tailored to rich college kids who wanted to feel like cowboys. There might have been a few genuine rough necks floating around, but the crowd consisted mostly of people like Thomas. He liked being there despite the intentionally dingy atmosphere and the smoke, which irritated his eyes. He didn’t know why he liked it. Though they were sanded down enough so that there was no danger of splinters, there was something about the gnarled wooden tables and chairs that made him feel more grown up. Maybe that’s what he liked most about the place. He liked the fact that if he’d wanted to he could’ve gotten a beer from the bartender who didn’t check IDs; he also liked the fact that the girls were wearing tight jeans and short button down shirts that exposed their midriffs; he liked knowing that nobody would call to ask where he was or when he was going to be home.
He’d heard his dad mention going to this same bar when he was in college. It was hard for him to imagine his father sitting at the same table in a cloud of smoke, drinking a beer with a bunch of other guys, and he pushed the thought from his mind. He sat silently, listening to some of the guys, most of whom were on their third beer of the night. They were talking about how they could really imagine seeing a barroom brawl like what happens in old western movies. Thomas suddenly felt two arms wrap around his neck. He startled at first, but soon realized that they were slender arms that caressed his neck instead of choking him. He lifted his head up to see to whom they belonged and found himself looking into those big brown eyes. He immediately recognized them and remembered their life story and their major, but their name escaped him.
“Hey cowboy, didn’t expect to see you here. You must’ve liked two-stepping after all.”
Thomas searched his memory frantically for her name.
“Are you just gonna sit there staring or do you want to get out on the dance floor?”
Thomas walked her across the dimly lit room, her hand clinging to his. When they stepped onto the dance floor Thomas found himself back in those familiar arms, still at a loss for the name that went with them.
“So do you like it here?” she asked when the song was over and they were walking off the floor. She hadn’t let go of his hand.
“The smoke takes some getting used to,” Thomas confessed. “But everything else is pretty nice. I’m learning to like this type of music because my roommate’s a fan. He’s always playing it and I figure I can either learn to like it or be miserable all year.”
“So do you like it yet, or are you still learning to like it?”
“I’m a fast learner.”
“What about the place. You didn’t strike me as the kind of guy who would jump at the opportunity to hang out here. No offense, you just seemed more straight arrow.”
“My mom would never approve, but I guess that’s what college is all about, experimenting and trying new things to find myself.”
“Looks like somebody’s gonna get lucky,” Mark remarked from the table where he and the other guys had been watching. The comment was just loud enough that Thomas could hear it, and he had to wonder whether the ears that belonged to those brown eyes had also. The face that was partially covered by her long brown hair seemed to be blushing, but it was hard to be certain in the dim light. Instead of sitting back at the table with Mark, John, and the other guys like he had planned on doing, Thomas turned his back, trying his best to ignore them.
“Now you’re too good for us. I see how it is,” Mark called out as Thomas and the brown eyed stranger walked by.
“Why don’t you buy her a drink,” another voice shouted out behind him.
“A drink’s not a bad idea,” she suggested.
“I don’t really drink. I mean, I’m not twenty one,” Thomas said. “And even if I was I wouldn’t drink. It’s nothing to do with being stuck up,” he quickly added. “It’s because when I was a little kid I remember seeing my . . .” He stopped in mid-sentence because the music and laughter and all the other noise that filled the room was too much, and she obviously couldn’t hear a word he was saying. When they found a place quiet enough to talk she had managed to turn the conversation to quirky roommates. 
Thomas chattered on about his roommate, and the brown eyes seemed to be listening intently, but soon enough Thomas found himself sitting back at the table with the rest of the guys, not really knowing why he was with them instead of her, or really understanding how he’d gotten there. A few minutes later he saw those eyes skipping across the dance floor with someone else.
“How’d you let that one slip away?” John asked.
“She’s a fine . . .” Mark began but stopped when Thomas and John shot him an icy glance.
“I couldn’t remember her name,” Thomas said without emotion.
The guys laughed. Thomas faked a chuckle, noting that everything must be a little funnier when you’re on your fourth beer.
* * *
Thursday morning found Peter sitting in his office thinking about working. He’d been in that state for at least an hour when Stanly let himself in.
“So what do you think about backpacking with us after the conference in Seattle?” he asked. “I meant to ask you last night but it slipped my mind.”
“I’ve never been really into camping, and don’t know the first thing about backpacking,” said Peter.
“Hey, neither do I. But Sam’s organizing the whole thing and said that anyone who wanted to go with him wouldn’t have anything to worry about. Not many people are keen on the idea, I don’t know if it’s the camping or Sam, and I really don’t want to go if it’s just going to be me and him.” 
“Why do you want to go in the first place?”
“I figured it’ll be the perfect opportunity to get on Sam’s good list. In case you haven’t noticed we’ve both been dropping in his standings lately.”
Peter had thought that nothing in the world could convince him to spend several days walking around in the middle of nowhere with a ton of stuff on his back, but Stanly’s last comment carried a lot of weight and he agreed to think about it, then suggested that they go get lunch.
* * *
“How can you even consider not going with Jason? You were in love with him on Tuesday. How can you change your mind like that?” Sara’s tone was incredulous. Julia was sitting across the table tapping her ballpoint pen while her value meal got cold. She had been too excited to think about eating. Her expression quickly shifted from gleeful enthusiasm to indignant defensiveness.
“What did he do to deserve this?” Sara continued becoming more aggressive as Julia became more distant.
“It’s not anything he’s done but everything he hasn’t, or hasn’t done lately. We’re not even technically dating, because he’s never technically asked me.”
“That’s not a good enough reason. Have you even talked to him about homecoming?” Sara asked.
“It’s not like we’re married and I’m walking out on him. I’m not even breaking up with him.”
“But you know how he feels about you, and he’ll ask you, I promise. Or do you think that Scott is a better match. That’s the real reason isn’t it?”
“So what if it is,” Julia snapped, “don’t I have the right to look for something better. Don’t I have the right to make that decision?”
“It doesn’t seem like a very good one to me. That’s all I’m trying to say.”
“We’re talking about my life. You should be happy for me.” Julia spoke with an air of finality, then added, “You can be so judgmental sometimes.” She knew that this last statement was completely unfair, but she drowned out any remorse with forced indignation.
Both girls sat in silence in their usual corner table of the burger joint located about a mile from the high school. The cheeseburger and chicken nuggets had been all but forgotten when Julia mentioned Jason. Now the girls resumed eating to make the silence less awkward. As Julia finished the last of her french-fries Sara broke the silence.
“So you wouldn’t mind if I dated Jason would you?”
“Don’t play mind games with me. I know you’re just trying to get me to change my mind, but I’m not going to. So yes, you can date him. Why would I care? And while you two are sitting around doing nothing together Scott and I will be at the opera or doing something, well, special.” Julia’s voice became whimsical and trailed off as if she had forgotten that Sara was across from her.
“First of all,” Sara began, “I have English with Scott, and I can promise you that he won’t be taking you to the theater, or the opera or any other production. And second you don’t even like going to the opera. You like sitting around at the park, or walking along the track, and all the other stuff you and Jason do.”
“Used to do.”
“Have you gone completely crazy?”
“Maybe I would like the opera. I’ve never been.” Julia retorted then looked at her watch and added, “Hurry up, we’ve got to go or we’ll be late for class.” 
Sara made a comment about Julia’s obsession with being punctual as the two hurried out of the restaurant and into Julia’s Mustang.
* * *
“Are you really thinking about leaving him?” Abigail’s voice was excited and she almost spilled her coffee as she leaned in close, eager for more details.
“Yes. I’ve almost made up my mind.” Hannah wasn’t nearly as enthusiastic as her companion. Abigail worked in the same law office but was almost a full decade older than Hannah. She had a no nonsense personality and never seemed to let anyone take advantage of her. Both women were wearing a blouse, Hannah’s was a dark red and Abigail’s was white; they each wore a little makeup, but Abigail’s made her face look dignified and radiant while Hannah felt that hers was only good for hiding the age, the same age that Abigail seemed to embrace. Hannah had to put on her face in the mornings, but Abigail’s makeup only emphasized the features that were already evident in hers. She didn’t try to hide wrinkles, but wore them like a badge, signifying the maturity and insight that can only be gained with time. All of this led Hannah to respect and even look up to the woman sitting across from her.
“So are you having an affair? What’s he like?” Abigail continued either not noticing Hannah’s lethargic tone or intentionally ignoring it.
“No. I’m not having an affair. It’s nothing interesting. Peter and I are just,” she paused. “We’re growing apart.”
“Whatever you do don’t try and talk about it. You know men. When you tell him that there’s a problem he’ll go out of his way to make you feel special for a week or so, a month if you’re lucky, and then it will be right back to the way it was before, except worse, because he’ll tell himself that he’s already done more than enough. He’ll make it look like everything’s your fault if you try to mention any more problems to him ever again. I’ve been there and repeated that cycle more times than I care to remember. No, you need to make up your mind and tell him out of the blue that it’s over. It won’t really be out of the blue, because even now it has to be obvious to him that things are rocky. That’s what I should’ve done. And you should already have some things packed. If you have to stay another night it will only give him the opportunity to pull all that romantic nonsense.”
Hannah had spent so much time the past several weeks reminiscing about all the romantic things Peter had done when they were dating. Deep down she felt that what she really wanted was for him to make an effort again. But of course Abigail was right. Any changes would only be temporary. There was no hope of really salvaging the relationship.
“I guess I’ve been living in a fantasy world, hoping that if I stuck it out things would get better,” she said. “I’m to the point now that I have to admit that it’s over.” 
There was defeat in Hannah’s voice. As if speaking those words in that coffee shop made everything final, and if she had disagreed with her confidant, if she had said something else, the battle would have gone on and there might have still been hope for her and Peter. But she was tired of fighting and her words became true as she voiced them. The war metaphor made her weary of relationships. And besides, she couldn’t go back now, not after those words were out. She knew that it would have been pointless to try because those words constituted a turning point; she couldn’t take them back, and she was even unsure as to whether or not she wanted to.
“Don’t worry about it,” said Abigail, “These things can be long and ugly affairs, but there is life afterwards. Just look at me; my life hasn’t slowed down one bit. In fact it’s gotten a lot better. The laws in this state will make it hard and it will be especially difficult with the children, but you’ll be glad in the end.”
Hannah was still trying to smother the last embers of hope. Although she had only been alluding to a temporary separation, and had never even considered something so drastic she muttered, “Those conservative laws. Why is it that people are always trying to impose their values on others?” 
Though the words wouldn’t seem like anything out of the ordinary to Abigail it was all Hannah could do to get them out, and somewhere beneath the weight of those syllables, something inside of her died, something that had dried up and withered so much over all those years that it had hardly been alive, something so small that she could barely notice its passing. Nevertheless, Hannah felt a slight pang but chose to ignore it, and instead took another sip of coffee. Hannah asked how things were going down at the office. Abigail talked about her work and Hannah feigned interest until Abigail looked at her watch and, saying something about meeting a client, left in a hurry.
* * *
Julia was at her locker putting books in her backpack when Jason came by and put his hand gently on her shoulder, startling her. 
“What color dress are you wearing to homecoming?” he asked. Julia didn’t say anything so he added, “I need to know so I can get a corsage.” 
Julia looked away from him. The narrow hallways were lined with brown lockers. Where the paint was chipping one could see that, in years past, they had been red, and before that blue. Now they were brown because studies showed that bland colors would have a calming effect on the rowdy students. If it did, the difference went unnoticed by everyone in the building while the mass of bodies steadily diminished as students rushed out the doors. 
Nevertheless, the hallways were still crowded with plenty of ambient noise created by the array of students, some of them walking leisurely while chatting, others weaving in and out as they almost ran through the crowd in an attempt to catch the busses before they left. Over the years Julia had learned to filter out all the distractions that filled the building. She hardly noticed everything going on around her. She looked down at the floor. It was filthy with all the grime that had been tracked in during the course of the day. She thought about how it would be shining in the morning after the janitors finished cleaning it, and then, seven hours after the doors were opened, it would look just like it did now, and the janitors would have to come in and clean up all over again. 
“Julia?” Jason asked.
She snapped back to the reality that stood before her, a reality that was still waiting for an answer.
“I understand why you’re asking, but I’m going to homecoming with Scott Beckerson. He asked me a few days ago and since you hadn’t mentioned anything,” She stopped in mid-sentence. She thought she could tell him everything casually as if they weren’t discussing anything more interesting than the weather. But the confused betrayed look on Jason’s face affected her more than she had anticipated. The sound of a metal locker slamming shut rang in her ears. She could hear someone yelling, “Where you think you’re going?” and she could see Jason, bewildered and standing before her. Her justification seemed so thin in that moment.
“What am I doing?” she wondered. “This isn’t what I . . . but it’s too late to go back now. I’ve already told Scott that . . . but maybe it’s not too late. No. I’ve already started down that path. I won’t be fickle now.”
The two starred for some time. Jason’s face was expressionless, and Julia’s mind ran wild.
“I’m sorry. I should have,” Julia began but couldn’t finish.
“Don’t worry about it. I should have known,” Jason said. “I should have known that it would never work with, well, with someone like you.” 
Julia didn’t find the slightest trace of resentment in his voice, only disappointment. He stood in front of her a moment longer as if he were going to say something else, then he turned and walked away.
Sara, who had been hiding in the crowd of bodies, waiting just closely enough to be able to hear what was said, was at her friend’s side immediately. She didn’t know if she should be sympathetic or glad, but her face shone with the excitement that it always had when something important was about to or had just happened.
“Well, how did it go?” she asked innocently.
“He’s so arrogant. He said that it would never work with someone like me. What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Maybe he just meant that your family’s got a lot of money, and his, well he drives an old Mazda. And he only has that when it’s working.
“Don’t take his side. It means that he doesn’t think that I can stay with the same man just because I’ve dated a lot of people before him. It’s his stupid male ego that never felt comfortable sitting in the passenger seat when I was driving. He can’t handle not being in control. I can’t believe that I waited so long for him to ask me out. I’d have been his little house wife, barefoot, pregnant, and in the kitchen. That’s what he wanted. I just didn’t see it until now.”
“I think he’s sweet,” Sara said, obviously not thinking about how Julia would react to such a statement.
“Then why don’t you go to homecoming with him,” Julia said and slammed her locker. She went to the parking lot, found her car and drove home.
* * *
When Julia got home she discovered that, despite the sunny autumn afternoon, Peter was dragging the family down to Grace Assisted Living Center for what he called their weekly visit, although they went no more than twice a month. So, after passing through the two sets of glass doors and navigating the maze of putrid bodies that occupied the lobby, the family trudged down the long hallway. Small tables lined the walls, and each one displayed plastic flowers and pictures of boats, mountains, and hilly countrysides. Each table that they passed seemed to be showcasing a plastic painted paradise. Soon the family found themselves crowding into Abraham Manchell’s bedroom. 
The room was barren. The television had been muted but still cast shifting glows onto the walls. There was a dresser, and next to it a machine with an array of lights and a multitude of wires that disappeared under the sheets that covered the ailing patriarch. Nobody in the family understood what exactly the machine did. The doctors had tried to explain the apparatus, but Peter and Hannah only understood that it wasn’t for dialysis. Beyond that the machination was a mystery to them. Abraham had insisted that it didn’t help him at all, and speculated that the doctors had only insisted on it so they could monitor his condition for research. Peter had dismissed Abraham’s theory as the suspicions of an old man losing his mind.
“There’s really not enough space for all a’ you in this little cell,” Abraham managed to say when the family had settled in. Peter said that everyone was fine. Julia leaned back against the wall in one corner with her arms crossed. Lewis was sitting at the foot of the bed looking out the window. Hannah had taken the only chair and Peter was squatting down by the bed.
“So, anything new?” Peter enunciated each word carefully.
“I lay in bed every day an’ don’t ever do anythin’. Do you call that new?” Abraham’s speech was so labored that the family could hardly pick up on tone and inflection.
“How’s the book we . . . Lewis, stop bouncing on the bed. You’re bothering your grandfather. So how’s the book we brought you?” Peter asked, obviously trying to force the conversation ahead. 
“I finished it a week ago.”
There was a long pause.
“Do you know why old people say all sorts a’ odd things?” Abraham finally said.
“No Dad, why?” Peter’s voice was still patronizing.
“Because we know that we’re goin’ ta die one day so we stop carin’ what other people will think a’ us. We finally start sayin’ what we’ve been thinkin’ all our life.”
“I see Dad.”
“There’s no need to sugar coat or whitewash anythin’ when you’re as close ta death as I am.”
“No of course not.”
“When you’ve spent your whole life tryin’ ta be polite an’ ‘greeable you wake up one mornin’ an’ realize that you don’t know who you are ‘cause,” he stopped to cough. “’Cause you’ve never been anyone. I hated every minute of every day while I was in Korea, but it was the only time in my life that I ever really did anythin’. I know on the outside it looked like I lived the perfect life, but I’d have been better off if I’d just died over there. They would’ve buried me a hero an’ that would’ve been the end of it.”
“The doctors say that it’s a miracle you’re still alive,” offered Hannah.
“Some miracle. Down at the hospital some kid’s fighting a losin’ battle with leukemia, an’ here I am an old invalid who can’t seem ta die an’ only makes his family suffer by havin’ ta come an’ visit. If there’s a God he either has some sense of irony or bad aim with his miracles.”
“Can we go yet,” Julia whispered into her mother’s ear. “In just a little while,” Hannah responded. 
Peter said a little more nothing, and left a new novel on the dresser. Hannah reminded everyone that she had promised to take Julia shopping for a homecoming dress. Lewis, with all the enthusiasm of a twelve year old who has been cooped up for too long, asked, “Are we going now!” The family said their goodbyes, and each leaned over to force a hug. When they had escaped into the hall Hannah scolded Lewis for being so excited about leaving.
Julia muttered, “I don’t know why he gets in trouble for wanting to leave. We all wanted to get out of there.” Peter ignored his daughter and said that it was a good thing that they got him moved into the center, since he was obviously starting to go off the deep end. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief when they reached the parking lot.
“I can’t believe we’ve waited this long to get your dress,” Hannah said when they were all in the car. The family needed a lighthearted topic. “What are you and Jason planning on doing?” she continued.
“Oh, I’m not going with Jason. Scott Beckerson asked me.” Julia answered so casually that neither Peter nor Hannah knew what to make of it. “I never really cared for that Jason anyway,” Peter said matching his daughter’s flippancy and then turned on the radio.
Chapter 3
With his own homecoming less than a week a way, Thomas was passing all of what would have been his free time stuffing colored pieces of tissue paper through chicken wire. As a pledge in the fraternity he had the privilege of spending at least twenty hours working on the homecoming display. The one bright spot in all the monotony was the fact that his fraternity had partnered with the Kappa Deltas. 
Thomas was discovering that if misery loves company, it especially loves it when the company is as attractive as Jessica Anderson. They had hit it off a week ago while working on the display and had scheduled to work the same shifts all week. He made a point to remember her name. She was a sophomore and had changed majors over the summer from finance to psychology. This seemed to sum up her life, and was all he felt that he needed to know, apart from the fact that she was gorgeous and seemed to like spending time with him. He felt quite content, having reduced the two decades of joys, hurts, loves, and hates that she had lived through into something he could understand: sophomore, psychology, Kappa Delta.
They had Dr. Bowman’s intro to philosophy class together, and Thomas had made a point to sit next to her once he’d made the connection. As a first semester freshman he didn’t know if he really had a chance with her, but, with the help of Mark and John, he came to the realization that it couldn’t hurt to try.
“So what did you think of Dr. Bowman’s lecture today?” Thomas asked after searching for several minutes for something to say.
“I didn’t pay much attention to be honest,” Jessica said, not looking up from her work. Then turning to face him continued, “Why? What did you think?”
Thomas realized that his eyes had started off admiring her silky brown hair and had since worked their way down. He tried to act natural.
“I kind of liked it,” he finally managed to say.
“You don’t have to play it off you know,” Jessica said with a coy smile.
“Play what off?” Thomas asked. His head was spinning so fast that the confusion in his voice was almost legitimate. Jessica sighed and said, “nothing,” and went back to work pushing the colored tissue paper through the chicken wire. A few minutes passed and Thomas had time to realize what she had implied, and cursed himself for missing such an obvious opportunity. He racked his brain trying to think of a clever way to ask her out. Before he could think of anything, Jessica asked, “So do you want to go get something to eat when we finish?”
She hadn’t looked up from her work.
“Yes,” Thomas said with a little too much enthusiasm. In an attempt to compensate for his eagerness he added nonchalantly, “I’m starving.”
He wasn’t used to girls being so forward, at least not toward him. As he wondered what had changed in that short space of time between high school and college he stepped back from the huge display and took a brief moment to admire how colored tissue stuffed through chicken wire could make such an intricate design. He started thinking about how each piece of tissue monotonously stuck through a small hole contributed to the scene as a whole, but was interrupted by Jessica telling him she was ready to clock out. It was midnight, and Jessica drove down to the all night diner with Thomas sitting next to her. 
They sat down in a booth across from each other and placed their orders. While they waited on their food Thomas talked about the football season, and Jessica did an excellent job of pretending to be interested, occasionally interjecting pertinent questions.
When the food arrived the topic shifted to politics within the Greek system and Jessica carried the conversation while Thomas ate and tried his best to listen. His thoughts wandered, but he maintained eye contact. Around one o’clock in the morning, Jessica drove him back to the dorms where Thomas collapsed onto his mattress. The bed wasn’t made, neither was the floor, or anything else in the room for that matter. He was too tired to care about messes as he made an effort to pull the twisted sheets up around him before dozing off. 
* * *
When the weekend arrived the Manchell’s house was full of excitement. Lewis had invited Tommy Johnson over to stay the night and was turning the living room into a war zone with his action figures. Peter busily plowed through the mound of work he’d brought home from the office, and at the same time tried to get everything packed for his upcoming conference. He would spend a few minutes working in the study and then go to his bedroom on the far end of the house to pack a few items, and then back to the study again so that he spent as much time pacing as he did accomplishing anything. 
Meanwhile, Julia was in the bathroom fussing about her hair as Hannah stood behind her trying to remedy the problem with bobby pins.
“It needs to be just right, Mom,” Julia said. “Scott’s not like Jason. He’ll notice if it’s not done up right.” 
“So this Scott is the kind of boy who pays attention to detail?” Hannah asked. She still didn’t understand why Julia wasn’t going to the homecoming dance with the boy she’d been spending almost all her time with, and hadn’t wanted to ask. She reasoned that if Julia didn’t want to tell her then it wasn’t her business. Meanwhile, Julia pretended not to take offense at her mother referring to Scott as a boy.
“He’s very sophisticated and he’ll definitely notice whether or not everything is perfect, and it’s the little things that make all the difference.” Julia intentionally borrowed this last phrase from her mother’s redundant reminders.
“So tell me more about him. I hadn’t even heard you mention him until last week. Is he new to the school?”
“No. He’s not new; I just never thought he would be interested in me, at least not until he asked me to homecoming out of the blue. I still don’t know why he ever noticed me.”
“I’m sure that it was because you’re smart, pretty, and a perfect angel. Who couldn’t be interested in you?” Hannah said reassuringly. “He was probably waiting all that time for you and Jason to break up so he could ask you.”
Julia didn’t correct her mother. She didn’t need to know that she and Jason had never been officially dating or that nothing had changed between them when Scott had asked her to homecoming. It was only a minor detail.
“You’re all set,” Hannah said and stepped back to admire her work. Julia looked in the mirror turning every which way. When she was satisfied, they both went into the living room to wait. By the time they sat down, action figures lined the television stand, the coffee table and practically every other surface that Lewis could reach. 
Julia couldn’t stand the thought of Scott seeing her living room in such a state and resolved to answer the door and be gone before her father could invite him inside the house. She sat on the couch with her mother and tapped her manicured fingernails on the end table. She watched the clock that rested on the mantle above the fireplace and waited.
“Why can’t you be more grown up, Lewis?” she said unexpectedly and then went back to tapping her fingernails. Her daughter’s outburst caught Hannah off guard but she didn’t say anything more than “He’ll be here any minute now.” Lewis didn’t know what to say, not understanding why anyone would want to be more grown up if that meant having less fun. So he ignored the outburst altogether and went back to his work. 
Finally the doorbell rang and Julia sprang from the couch and ran toward the front door slowing down to compose herself as she reached the entryway. When she opened the door she was greeted by Tommy Johnson who asked if Lewis was home.
“Lewis, you’re little friend is here,” Julia called out. Mrs. Johnson was coming up the walkway behind her son, and when she got to the door asked Julia why she was so dressed up. By this time Hannah had caught up with her daughter and explained that Julia was going to homecoming. Tommy raced into the living room while the two mothers talked in the entryway. Julia stood in the open doorway looking for some sign of Scott. When she saw headlights pulling into the driveway she raced outside saying goodbye over her shoulder. Scott was stepping out of his father’s Porsche when he saw Julia coming toward him.
“Hop on in,” he said getting back in himself. Hannah walked outside just in time to see her daughter open the passenger door and disappear inside the car.
* * *
Lewis and Tommy played with the action figures for an hour or so, migrated to Legos, and then spent the rest of the night glued to the Nintendo. Hannah let them stay up until eleven. When the television was turned off, the lights were out, and both boys lay on the living room floor snug in their sleeping bags, they began to talk. They talked about school and then sports, but the conversation soon turned to girls, specifically Summer Wallburn and why Lewis hadn’t asked her out. 
Neither of them knew exactly what the next step would be if she said yes, but they both felt that Lewis had to ask her, and that once he did she had to say yes. This was the imperative first step and they would figure the rest out as it came. Thinking about her drove Lewis crazy and he felt like he would explode if he didn’t do something immediately. He got out of his sleeping bag, turned on the light, found a piece of notebook paper and a pen, and sat down at the dining room table. Tommy was looking eagerly over his shoulder as Lewis wrote:
“Will you go out with me?”
At the bottom of the page he drew two boxes and labeled one “Yes” and the other “No.”
“You can’t do it like that!” exclaimed Tommy. Lewis gave him a puzzled look, not knowing what he could possibly have done wrong. 
“You have to make the ‘no’ box itty bitty,” Tommy explained. Lewis crumpled up the piece of paper and rewrote the letter. This time it read:
“Will you please go out with me?”
He drew the boxes to Tommy’s specifications. He felt that she would be more likely to say yes if he asked her politely and explained the revision to Tommy, who also felt that this was a good idea. The two had begun talking excitedly about when Lewis would give the note to Summer, when Hannah appeared in the entryway and told them to go back to bed and stay quiet because Lewis’s father had a big day coming up and needed his sleep. The boys got back into their sleeping bags and Tommy fell asleep shortly afterwards but Lewis was too restless. Writing the note had provided a moment’s catharsis, but now that the note was written the need to give it to her weighted that much more heavily on him.
* * *
“The boys aren’t keeping me up you know,” Peter said when Hannah reentered the bedroom.
“Then what is it?” she asked.
“I’ve got a lot on my mind, that’s all.”
“Like what?”
“Like the possibility of getting promoted and impressing Sam at this conference. I’ve been studying up on fiber optics and, well it’s all that stuff that’s never really interested you,” Peter said.
“Is that all?” Hannah asked.
“Not really worth losing sleep over, I know, but sometimes the unimportant stuff just consumes me. That’s how it is. I’m really going to try to get some sleep now,” Peter said.
Hannah leaned over, turned off the light on the nightstand, and an hour later found herself listening to her husband’s soft snoring. She stayed awake worrying and hoping that her daughter was safe, wherever she was.
* * *
Julia and Scott arrived at the dance fashionably late, just as they would in the future whenever they went to a movie or when Scott would make dinner reservations. As Julia walked in she took a moment to appreciate the magnitude of the ballroom. The lights were dimmed and there were tables set up with white tablecloths and candles on each one. A chandelier hung from the center of the room, adding to the feeling of elegance. The atmosphere was intoxicating, and she squeezed Scott’s arm in excitement but didn’t say anything. She didn’t notice or mind that the music was less than elegant. A throng of students crowded the dance floor, but Julia was eager to make up for lost time.
“Come on, let’s dance,” she said pulling his arm.
“I don’t really dance that well, at least not to this kind of music,” Scott said.
“Of course,” thought Julia as she looked at the mass of bodies pressed up against each other on the dance floor, “how could someone like him lower himself to that standard?” They sat at a table and Scott complemented her hair, her fingernails, and virtually everything else about her that Jason never noticed. Julia sat silently soaking it all in. “This is so much better than if I’d come with Jason,” she thought, while Scott went on about how much he loved looking into her eyes. He had just started talking about being a surgeon like his father when some of his friends came up behind the two of them.
“You’ve got to see this,” one of them said and then seeing Julia added, “hey Julia.” Scott said that he would be back in a minute and got up from the table. Julia waited patiently for more than a minute. The time dragged on as she sat at the table, and she began to survey the room. There were, of course, other people by themselves, but she hardly noticed them. Instead, she fixed on all the couples out on the dance floor. Joe was with Teresa and Jeremy had brought Megan, but her heart didn’t really sink until she saw Sara with Jason. 
Jason was a decent swing dancer and was teaching Sara a few basic moves, the same ones he had taught her. She looked away and found Scott laughing with his friends by the refreshments. She didn’t even know all of their names. She went over to him, picked up a cookie with one hand and slipped the other one into Scott’s. She ate the cookie and tried to pay attention to what was being said. They were talking about how poorly the football team had done last week. Julia didn’t know much about football, but, in order to take part in the conversation, pointed out that they had won. 
“Well of course we won,” one of them said emphatically, “but we should have killed them. If we play like that next week there’s no way we’ll make the playoffs.”
Julia didn’t understand the problem and suggested that they were being too critical.
“Do you want to dance?” Scott asked and herded her away from the group and onto the dance floor.” It was a slow dance, the kind where Scott could get by with putting his hands around Julia’s waist and shuffling his feet. Not long after the dance Scott disappeared again, and Julia mingled through the crowd looking for friends she could talk with. She avoided Jason, and he made no effort to speak with her. At one point, when Julia was alone, Sara approached her to say that she had only come with Jason because they had been friends for so long, and she’d felt bad for him having already made plans and then not having a date. She tried her best to make it clear that she had no intention of making anyone jealous. Julia said that she was with Scott and couldn’t care less. Then she turned around in search of her missing date, who just so happened to be ready to leave. Julia had no objections.
 “So, did you have a good time?” he asked when they were alone in his father’s car. 
“I just wish that I didn’t have to go home, isn’t there a place where we could go and talk? You know spend some quality time together, alone without all the distractions. We haven’t had time for just the two of us to really get to know each other.”
“My dad’s at the hospital all night and my mom’s out of town. So we could go back to my house,” Scott suggested. Julia pictured herself curled up next to Scott on a nice big expensive sofa watching a movie and eating popcorn and said that that sounded like a great idea. Scott started the car and by 10:30 they were walking through his front door.
Julia arrived back at her house a little after 2 a.m. She went straight to her room and slept until noon.
* * *
“Hey, what are you guys doing?” Thomas’s roommate said with all the excitement of a lonely extravert as he burst into the room. Thomas and Jessica looked up in startled surprise.
“We’re talking, Rick” Thomas said. The loathing oozed out of his voice.
“What’re you guys talking about?” Rick asked. He seemed as innocent as he was energetic. 
“It’s kind of private if you don’t mind.” Thomas was more than firm.
“Oh,” Rick said with a hurt expression. “I’ll just go down the hall and play ping pong in the lounge.”
“Roommates,” Thomas sighed when the door was shut behind the intruder.
“It wouldn’t kill you to be nice to him,” Jessica insisted. “Especially if he doesn’t have many friends.”
“He’s a psychopath.”
“Have you tried talking to him about what he does that bothers you? Maybe then you wouldn’t blow up at him.”
“Can we talk about something else?” Thomas suggested. “I thought we came back here to get away from everything.” He pointed out the window toward the mob of people who had congregated to see the homecoming displays.
“It’s so pointless,” Thomas said as he stood by the window overlooking the huge displays with their elaborate designs.
“What do you mean?” Jessica asked, joining him at the window.
“It’s like sandcastles, only with more time and effort put into them, a lot more time and effort. And next week they’re all going to get destroyed and they’ll be completely forgotten by next year.”
“That’s what makes them so special. They’re magnificent and beautiful—except the one that the Betas did—and you have to appreciate them while you can. It’s like that sand painting the Buddhist monks did in the atrium last month.”
“It all seems stupid to me.”
“Well I like building sandcastles,” Jessica protested as the phone rang.
Thomas answered it against his better judgment.
“You’ve got to be kidding,” he said loudly. “Okay where are you? Alright I’ll be over there in a little while.” He hung up the phone in disgust.
“Mark needs someone to pick him up across town, and he can’t get a hold of John,” Thomas explained apologetically.
“That’s okay. It’s getting late anyway and I’m about ready for bed,” Jessica said. He escorted her down the hall and out of the building before finding his car in the sea of concrete that surrounded the dormitory.
* * *
When Julia woke up on Saturday the memory of the previous night was a blur. She wandered into the kitchen and made a sandwich. Her mother had left the croissants and lunchmeats out on the table so everyone could eat at their leisure. Lewis and Tommy were already up playing Nintendo in the living room, which was still littered with toys. Not wanting to deal with either of them, she retreated to her bedroom where she stayed all afternoon, only coming out to say goodbye to her father before he left for the airport. 
She turned up her stereo a little louder than usual since her father was on his way to Seattle, and her mother, who still hadn’t come back from taking him to the airport, was who knows where. She sat on her bed, looking out her window into the courtyard and tried to make sense of the previous night while she waited for the phone to ring. 
“It never would have happened with Jason. In all the time we spent alone together he never came close to . . . How did it start?” she wondered as she stared at the flowers that were now nearly buried beneath the falling autumn leaves. “Was it when I put my head on his shoulder? No. I’ve done that before and it never . . . maybe it was when he kissed me . . . and then what happened next? I can’t remember. But was it him or me? Was he pushing me back or was I pulling him forward. None of it makes sense now. But why do I feel bad about it? Is it because I’ve never done that with anyone else? But that must be because I’ve never been in love before. I couldn’t have really been in love with Jason. If I had I couldn’t have gone to the dance with Scott. Why did I go with Scott? But I did go with him, and since I did go with Scott it means that I must love him, at least more than Jason. So everything should be okay and there’s no reason at all to feel like I do.”
If Julia had been reading her own thoughts on paper she would have seen straight through her faulty logic. But she was thinking them, and they came in rapid succession, mingled with the music that blanketed her bedroom and the ambient noise from Lewis’s game. It was in that state that she waited until her cell phone rang. It was a small miracle that she could hear the ringing over the noise coming from her speakers, but the anticipation made her hearing sharper. She fumbled to answer it when she saw Scott’s name on the small screen, and, after a short conversation, left Lewis and Tommy by themselves to go meet Scott at a nice steakhouse for a late lunch.
* * *
Peter didn’t take his wife’s unaffectionate embrace at the airport for anything out of the ordinary. He made his way through security and sat in the terminal with Stanly and Sam, and almost everyone else from the office as they waiting to board the plane. His thoughts turned to the backpacking trip afterwards that might help him move up a notch in the esteem of someone he’d never cared about. 
* * *
“Look, you would have never made that promise if you had known how things would turn out twenty years later,” Abigail said emphatically.
“Twenty-five years,” Hannah corrected.
“The point is that you can’t really feel bound to that agreement.”
“But I said ‘for better or for worse’ that implies that I understood that worse might come.”
“You’re a lawyer for crying out loud. It shouldn’t be too hard for you to find some kind of justification.”
“I’m a far cry from that kind of lawyer,” Hannah pointed out.
“It’s not like we’re talking about the written contract. All those vows are just a formality. Regardless of whatever loophole you find for yourself—because it’s really only your conscience holding you back, nothing legal, nothing binding—you should start having the papers drawn up now while he’s away. It’ll be easier that way.” Abigail spoke didactically. “Backpacking after the conference, who would have guessed? It’s so odd don’t you think?”
 “I suppose you’re right,” Hannah conceded. “You usually are.”
“I’m just trying to help. I know how hard these times can be.” Abigail’s sympathy was borderline patronizing, but Hannah didn’t care. 
“I know you are. And I really do appreciate everything you’ve done and all your advice. I don’t know who else I could have turned to,” Hannah admitted, and then added, “I’d better go. I left the boys at the house with Julia. It was really good doing lunch with you.”
“Anytime Hannah,” Abigail said, and both ladies got up from the table.
Chapter 4
“If there’s torture, for instance, then there’s suffering, wounds, bodily pain, and it means that all that distracts you from inner torment.”
-Fydor Dostoevsky 

On the Monday following the conference, Peter could feel the cold snow on his cheeks as he methodically put one foot in front of the other. The hood of his jacket encircled his face. The rest of his body was covered in several layers of clothing and around his waist and sternum were straps that held the new backpack to his body. He took one more step and then stopped to look behind him. Stanly was plodding along putting his hands on his knees and pushing them down as if to give his legs an extra boost. Just behind him came Sam. Sam walked slowly and intentionally, showing no signs of fatigue or concern despite his monstrous pack, which had weighed too much for Peter to lift, much less carry. 
They’d been hiking through the mountain trail since breakfast and water began to meet in the middle layers of Peter’s clothing as snow melted and worked its way in, and sweat soaked the inner layers. This was the first time he wished they could turn back. It was also the first time he wished they had taken the time to get a backpacking permit, not that a backpacking permit would do them any good at this point, but at least someone would know who he was when they found his frozen body. He pictured how the headline would read: “Three corpses found frozen to death on Windy Gap.” Now that he thought about it he wasn’t surprised in the least that Sam hadn’t bothered going to the ranger’s station to leave a copy of their itinerary, or get permitted. Such an act would have been too sane.
The altitude and the ascent, combined with the fact that he was completely out of shape, made it next to impossible for Peter to breathe, much less speak, so he kept most of his complaints to himself. The silence gave his thoughts the opportunity to drift from his comfortable house in that nice suburb to how cold he felt, and then back to his recliner. 
“I liked my life, at least for the most part. I was content. How’d I get suckered into this?” he wondered. He didn’t let himself remember the answer. But it definitely hadn’t been Sam’s speeches.
He’d gotten sick of Sam’s prodding. “Peter, you’ve got to get out and feel like a man sometimes, you’ve got to get out in the wilderness to see what you’re made of. You need a battle, something to struggle with; you’ve got to be able to prove to yourself and everyone else that you’ve got what it takes.” 
Peter found that all his reasoning about having a wife and house payments paled in comparison to Sam’s relentless logic, his call to something more dangerous than suburbia. He hated Sam for being calloused and Stanly for dragging him into the predicament. And in all the frustration and hatred he felt completely alone, alone and out of his comfort zone in the middle of that nowhere.
Stanly covered the distance between them and collapsed on the ground. He lay down on his pack like a snow crab that had been turned onto its back. Peter had already taken his pack off and sat on top of it, using it to insulate his pants from the snow. Sam neither sat nor took his pack off, but pulled out a map from a side compartment on his backpack and placed it under the compass that hung around his neck. Peter reached into his backpack and pulled out a water bottle, which he opened and gave to his immobilized companion. While Stanly drank and Sam squinted toward the horizon, Peter crunched numbers. Ten miles on day one and four so far today, with a 2,000-foot ascent, that left twenty-one more miles over the next day and a half, and they were still going up. 
After he’d caught his breath, Peter stood up to stretch his legs. For the first time in hours he took notice of his surroundings. The scenery hadn’t changed much. Snow still stretched off into infinity, where it eventually met with the dense clouds to obscure what should have been a horizon. The only exception to the blanketing white was the fir trees that had grown tall enough to peak out of their covering.
Stanly handed the water bottle to Peter and he drank the rest, even though the nearly frozen water pricked his mouth and throat as it worked its way down his esophagus and into his stomach. It was still refreshing.
“No offense or anything, but you know if I were back home I’d never have drunk after you like that. Out here that kind of stuff doesn’t really seem to matter,” Peter said as he handed the water bottle back to Stanly.
Stanly took the water bottle and put it in a side compartment and nodded to signal his consent.
“How are you guys holding up?” Sam asked as he folded the map and tucked his compass back into his shirt.
“We need to go back.” Peter said, “I don’t think Stanly’s going to be able to make it all the way.”
“I’ll be fine,” Stanly interjected. It was the first time he’d spoken since they had eaten breakfast.
“That’s good because we’re not going back,” Sam said, “We have to hurry to get out of this snow so we can set up camp.”
Sam seemed to like the uncertainty; he liked the cold and the adventure. He enjoyed the fact that none of them knew if they would be able to make it to dry ground to set up camp or if they would freeze to death before they made it through the gap. He didn’t have a family to think about. Fighting his resentment, Peter put his pack back on and helped Stanly, who had never moved from his helpless position, to get back on his feet. 
“At least I’ll lose those extra pounds I’ve put on,” Peter told himself as he began walking again.
The three of them continued in silence until they reached a place where their path came alongside a ridgeline. Stanly and Peter relieved themselves of their gear and pressed up against the rock to try and get out of the elements, while Sam took out his backpacking stove so he could begin heating a pot of snow to boil the noodles. Peter marveled at the simplicity of Sam’s equipment. 
He’d gone to an outdoors store during the conference and found the best coat, pants, backpack, boots, socks, and even underwear on the market. Sam’s stove was made from the stew can that they had eaten out of the first day. There were holes poked along the top to let oxygen in. The real marvel was the two metal crossbars that rested on top of the can so that the wide pot wouldn’t wobble or fall off. Sam put cotton balls into the bottom of the can and added alcohol before lighting it with a match. He set the pot of water on top of the crossbars and everyone waited.
Peter leaned in, looked over his shoulder, and, noticing that Sam was completely engrossed in the cooking, said to Stanly, “Is this what you had in mind when we left?”
“I was thinking it would be some kind of nature hike,” Stanly admitted. “Are you as wet as I am?”
“I’m soaked through,” Peter confessed.
“Me too, and I went out and got all the best equipment I could get my hands on last weekend.”
Peter looked back over his shoulder then turned back to Stanly. “I don’t think I can do this. I want to be sitting in my recliner watching football in my house; I want a thermostat and a dry roof.”
Stanly blew into his cupped hands and rocked back and forth. With a shiver in his voice he reassured Peter that they would get home safe in the end.
Peter didn’t respond and eventually Sam had water boiling and noodles cooking.
“So how do you like married life?” Stanly asked, breaking the silence.
“It’s okay.” Peter was glad for the small talk; it would keep his mind off the cold.
“That’s good to hear, because that girl over in marketing has had her eye on you and she can be real flirty when she wants to.”
“I thought she was seeing someone else,” Peter said, hoping that Stanly was just making a casual comment.
“No she stopped seeing him a while ago, and then she had several dates with another guy, but she’s back on the prowl again. If you’re not interest you should make sure that you let her see your wedding ring from time to time. You know what I mean?”
Peter didn’t say anything but was flattered by the thought of a much younger and fairly attractive woman being interested in him. He didn’t say anything to Stanly but the thought warmed him a little. 
He also didn’t mention that he had suspected that she was attracted to him for a while or that he’d even flirted back that once. But it had only been once and it was the kind of flirting that could be mistaken for simple courtesy. Not that he was interested in her. She did secretarial work for the company, running errands and making deliveries. He’d never be respected or move up in Sam’s esteem if he was caught having an affair with her. But the thought of an affair was liberating, and he toyed with the idea of a different life, one without Hannah. He pushed the thought from his mind. They were stuck in this life together.
Peter looked away from Stanly and responded, “Well everything’s good with me and Hannah. We’re perfectly content, and there hasn’t been any kind of problem or misadventure in our lives in quite some time.”
“That’s what I’m worried about Peter,” Stanly interjected. “Most men have affairs because they’re looking for some excitement. Don’t tell me that you don’t ever feel bored. I mean we work long hours then go back to perfect little homes with our two point three kids and dogs. Is that what you wanted when you were a kid?”
Peter said, “I grew up in a rundown neighborhood outside the city, playing in the back yard in my fort and tire swing. I’ve done pretty well for myself.”
“But is this what you wanted?”
“When I was a kid I wanted to be a fireman, and then I wanted to be a police officer, and then I wanted to be a pirate, and somewhere in between I wanted to be a clown and an astronaut.”
Stanly acknowledged Peter’s response before saying, “For me it was a pilot. I’ve got my pilot’s license you know, but I can’t remember the last time I flew.” Stanly looked up at the sky, but the clouds were still thick, obscuring any view.
“But you know if I had been a police officer or a fireman or a pirate I’d never be able to afford the house I’m living in, I wouldn’t be able to put money back to send the kids to good colleges, and besides, I’d be putting my life in danger every day,” Peter observed. “My life expectancy would be way down if I’d been a pirate. None of those were serious options, just boyish dreams. Could you imagine me as a clown?”
“You’d be a lot funnier,” Stanly said before admitting that he could never see Peter as a clown. The two sat in silence for a few more minutes until Sam brought the noodles over. The three of them ate and talked shop then Sam cleaned up. When everything was repacked and situated they got up and continued walking along the ridgeline.
* * *
At the house Hannah was checking the mail, something that seemed foreign to her despite its simplicity because it was a task that Peter normally performed. She threw out the junk and hurried back to her bedroom where she threw the utility bill on the dresser and fumbled for the letter opener to open the one envelope that caught her eye. With shaking fingers she pulled out the piece of paper and read:

November 2nd 
Mom, Dad, and the rest of the family,
Life here is pretty much the same, but I don’t want to think about that. I’ve spent a lot of time thinking about how different my life would have been if I’d gone to college like you wanted. I figure I’d be skipping class right now or wishing I was skipping class. I’d be about to graduate. I wouldn’t be waking up at the crack of dawn or doing drills. I’d be spending my weekends fishing at the lake or going to catch a baseball game. A lot of nights I lie awake and think about all that stuff.
I wish I wasn’t here. Most nights I wish I were in the States. Some of the guys find comfort in the fact that we’re making a difference. But at the end of the day I can only wonder if it’s really my job to risk my life over here. I keep thinking that if I were in college instead of here everything would be the same except my life would be a lot better. Someone else would be here doing exactly what I’m doing. I try not to think about all this too often, but I can’t help wondering how differently life could have been. I’m starting to realize that we all only get one life and I don’t want to waste mine—not even a second of it. Being over here has really helped me to see how precious every second should be.
I figure that you’ll both be happy to know that I’ve decided to go to school when I get back. I’m definitely not reenlisting. I’m thinking about studying politics. Maybe I’ll be able to make sense of everything that’s going on over here. I figure that I’ll probably never change the world but I might as well try to understand it.
Miss you all,
 David

Hannah read the letter over three times before switching it out for the utility bill, which she opened and looked over briefly before going to Peter’s desk and writing a check to cover the balance.
* * *
“We need to pick up the pace so we can get out of the snow to set up camp,” Sam urged as the three of them plodded along.
Peter finally spoke up, “We can’t pick up the pace. We need to go back.”
Sam must have been shocked because he didn’t say anything at first but eventually managed to say, “We’re not going back. That’s final.”
Stanly stepped back so that he wasn’t standing between the two of them. Peter turned around and started walking back.
“What kind of a man are you?” Sam jeered, not moving from the path.
“I just can’t do this. I can’t keep going uphill with all this weight,” Peter said fixing his gaze on the snow six inches in front of Sam’s boots.
“Come on you’re a man, of course you can keep going. You can always keep going. Sometimes you just have to dig deep and see what you’re made of,” Sam responded.
Peter’s legs were buckling under the weight of the pack and every muscle in his body burned, but with his head still down, he agreed that he might be able to keep going. He turned back around and was trying to find the strength to lift his leg when Stanly came up behind him and whispered, “If you don’t want to keep going I’m with you. Let’s go back.”
That small affirmation was enough to change Peter’s mind. “Stanly and I are going back,” he said with new resolution, and he turned back around to face Sam. Sam’s icy eyes made Peter regret his sudden boldness. He finally said, “I’m not leading any expedition that wusses out. If you guys want to turn back I’ll go with you so you don’t die, but you’re in charge.” He stood aside and made way for Peter to go back. As Peter walked by, Sam whispered, “You’d better go quick if we’re going to sleep on dry ground tonight.”
Going down proved much easier, but, despite Peter’s best attempts to set a grueling pace, snow still covered the ground for as far as he could see when the sun began its descent across what could now be distinguished as a horizon. At least they were going downhill now, and trees seemed taller as the snow receded. Sam finally stopped Peter, who was still leading the three, and directed them with a wave of his arm to a place where there was an overhang in the rock. The overhang was too shallow to be called a cave but provided more shelter than sleeping in the open.
“We’ll have to make camp here,” Sam told them. Peter didn’t object. He was glad to take off his backpack and change his socks. Stanly got to work unfolding the tarp and setting it out. Peter pulled the tent out of his backpack and began work on the poles like he had seen Sam do the previous night. His gloves were thick and his fingers lacked the dexterity that they need for him to be able to get the poles through the loops. When he took off one of the gloves, his hand just froze to the metal. Sam must have noticed how much he was struggling and said, “Why don’t you and Stanly go and find some wood for a fire while I set up the tent.”
His suggestion was more like an order, but Peter didn’t mind, not now that they were headed back down the mountain. He took the hatchet from an outside pocket on Sam’s pack, and the two of them made their way back up the path to where they had just passed several trees. 
* * *
Half a continent away, Julia was out seeing a movie with Scott, Lewis was at Tommy’s house playing games, and Hannah was left all alone in the empty house. She had treated herself to a bubble bath when she got home from work, before pouring herself a glass of wine. She’d drunk less than half of it when Abigail called and suggested that they meet for coffee.
* * *
Stanly followed close behind Peter as they climbed back up to the trees. The hill was very steep and by this point Peter had forgotten what comfort felt like. When they arrived, they got straight to work. They weren’t selective. Anything that looked dead they gathered.
“Let’s do this as quick as we can so we can get the fire going.” Peter’s comment was little more than a waste of breath. Stanly had already taken the hatchet and was working through the trunk of a slender pine tree that had fallen over. They alternated cutting and resting. 
“Do you think it’s legal to cut this up for firewood in a national park?” Peter asked.
“I don’t care. I’ll pay whatever they want to fine me if this can get us warm and dry.”
“It’s kind of like going out to find a Christmas tree,” Peter said, as he stood a thick branch up straight in the snow and stepped back to admire it. Stanly looked over his shoulder and grunted as he worked through another branch.
“Did you ever do that with your dad when you were growing up?” Peter asked.
Stanly put his hands on his knees and bent over. His breath could still be seen despite the fading sunlight. Peter took the hatchet and began cutting through a branch on another tree.
Peter continued speaking while Stanly sucked in air. “It was a lot more fun than going to a lot and picking one out, that’s for sure. But now my wife and I can afford to buy a great big one and have it brought to our house so we don’t ever hassle with dragging one back and tying it on top of the car. But I sure enjoyed it back when I was a kid.”
Stanly didn’t say anything for a while. Peter used the silence to remember the last time he had gone with Hannah to pick out a tree. They were both getting ready to graduate from college. She was beautiful and they were in love. He was looking for an excuse to see her over winter break. They’d driven out on a seldom used highway one evening, parked in a place where the shoulder was wide enough for the car, and neglected the “No Trespassing” signs as they hopped over the fence. They wandered through the pines until they found the perfect tree. He cut it down on his own with his father’s handsaw. He knew she was impressed and they spent hours decorating it. Last year he’d stopped by the lot on the way home from work and told the worker how tall he wanted his tree and then waited while the teenage boy filled out a delivery form.
Peter piled the last branch on top of the others and told Stanly that if he lived through the weekend he was going to quit his job and become a pirate. Stanly agreed to be his first mate and they tied the wood together and set off down the hill, dragging the branches behind them in the snow.
They hadn’t gone far when Peter stopped. Stanly stopped, too, and waited while Peter rearranged the branches that he was dragging.
“What are you doing?” he finally asked when Peter pointed the trunk up hill. “It’s going to be much harder to carry them like that.”
Peter responded by saddling the branches and scooting forward by pushing off with his legs. The steepness of the slope made picking up speed easy and soon he was gliding down the hill at a dangerous speed. Peter was cold and wet enough that he didn’t care how stupid the idea was. Stanly, not wanting to be left behind took his branches and followed his coworker’s example. 
The bundled branches made a horrible sled but Peter couldn’t remember the last time he had felt a crisp wind in his face or the excitement of doing something so out of the ordinary. If there had been a dry spot left on them, it had been taken care of by all the snow that had flown up their pant legs.
* * *
Hannah and Abigail had started off talking about Abigail’s weekend with her daughter and then moved to politics. It was only after a long pause in the conversation that Hannah asked:
“What did I do wrong in life?”
Abigail sat across from her in the same coffee shop where they always met, and took a sip of the latté that she always ordered.
“You let yourself become completely dependent on him,” she said flatly as if she had been waiting for Hannah to ask the question. Her tone made Hannah feel like Abigail was a doctor diagnosing something as common and insignificant as a cold. “To use a cliché, you put all your eggs in the same basket, and the bottom fell out.”
“So what should I do now?” Hannah said.
“Don’t put your eggs in any basket. Hold them all yourself. You have to learn to be completely independent because people are always going to let you down,” Abigail continued.
“Is the answer really so cynical? I’d like to believe that there’s someone out there that I can completely trust.”
“Have you ever known someone who hasn’t ever let you down?” Abigail asked.
“I haven’t. You’re right. I’d be a fool to turn a blind eye to the facts, but I was much happier when I trusted Peter, before he let me down. I was happier than I am now.”
“Do you really want to be happy out of willful ignorance?” Abigail asked.
“You’re right. I understand,” Hannah responded.
“No, I don’t think you do yet. But that’s okay. We all have to learn some things the hard way.”
* * *
Peter and Stanly hadn’t been away for more than an hour. Sam had spent most of the time setting up camp and had cleared a significant chunk of ground on which the tent sat. Sam had also managed to start cooking, and dinner was boiling on the simple little camp stove. The packs had been placed in the tent to keep it from blowing away in the occasional gust of wind.
“Good job” Sam said when he saw the two piles of branches that Peter piled up in the clearing while Stanly sat down next the pot of boiling water. Peter didn’t sense anything forced in the affirmation and let his pride show by folding his arms across his chest.
“It was nothing,” he said.
Stanly chimed in, “No problem.”
“I’m glad that you guys are having such a wonderful time,” Sam snarled and turned his back to them. “While you guys were out cutting green wood for a fire, some people have been working so that we don’t freeze to death.”
Peter looked at Stanly who only shrugged his shoulders to show that he was equally baffled by the sudden change in Sam’s attitude.
When dinner was ready to be eaten, Sam used the fire from the backpacking stove and managed to light the wet branches while Peter and Stanly started into their soup. 
Soon supper was over, and they all huddled around burning pine branches. The wood burned hot and quickly once it caught. The fire warmed them up enough that they found something other than survival to talk about that night. Sam still didn’t have much to say, but Stanly and Peter went on about all the crazy things they had done in college.
“So how did you propose?” Stanly finally asked.
Peter collected his thoughts while Stanly leaned in to listen. Sam leaned back with his arms folded across his chest.
“We had just graduated from college and I took her to one of those nice restaurants that rotates to give you a full view of the city. I was really nervous and clammy, and I didn’t think that I would be able to work up the nerve, and I couldn’t, at least not at first. We ate dinner and dessert and I paid the bill and I still hadn’t made my move. But there was a home game that night, so I took her to the ballpark, not that I was really interested in baseball at that point but I needed more time to work up my nerve; she was really gorgeous and I couldn’t see why she was with me and I was terrified that she would say no. Well, I finally worked up the nerve to ask her during the seventh inning stretch. Pretty romantic huh.”
Sam finally spoke up. “If I were going to propose I’d do it on top of a mountain somewhere. I definitely wouldn’t wuss out and end up asking her at a baseball game.”
“She’ll have to be more of a man than I am if she’s going to make it to the top,” Peter said, not caring about the consequences of his remark.
Nothing came of it, and nobody said anything for quite some time. Peter finally stood up. “It’s a little cold for me, I’m going to bed.” He made his way to the sleeping bag and lay awake with his eyes open. He could still hear Sam and Stanly talking, or Sam talking and Stanly brownnosing.
“The cold wind sure makes you feel good to be out in the wild,” Sam noted
Stanly agreed, “It makes you feel like a real man.”
* * *
“Have you taken any concrete steps toward getting out of your marriage?” Abigail asked when Hannah came into the office the next morning.
“No, I haven’t gotten around to it,” Hannah replied.
“If you’ve changed your mind that’s fine but as a friend it’s my job to nudge you from time to time. I only want to see you happy.”
“I want to talk to him first. As soon as he gets back from his vacation I’m going to tell him,” Hannah said.
“Do you still love him?” Abigail asked. “You’re acting like you might, and if you do then maybe we should reconsider.”
Hannah didn’t answer immediately. “I don’t know if I still love him,” she finally said. “I never have the chance to find out these days.”
“I know I’ve been really pressuring you lately, but that’s because I thought it was what you really wanted.”
“When he gets back I’ll find out and make up my mind,” Hannah said resolutely.
“You do know that it won’t be the first time that you’ll have made up your mind on this,” Abigail said.
“This time I mean it. It really is his last chance. This is our last chance,” Hannah said, hoping to convince herself. 
* * *
Even after a long day of hiking, going to sleep was no easy task. Peter had been kept awake several hours from the cold and wet, and several more from worries about his job and standing up to Sam. But when he woke up the sun was just making its way over the fields of snow. The light revealed a new layer of white that had worked to cover the clearing where they had slept. Cursing himself for not paying an extra sixty dollars for a warmer sleeping bag, he struggled to get dressed without exposing any part of his body to the cold air. Sam had suggested sleeping with the next day’s clothes in the bag, and, as much as he hated to admit it, Peter was glad for the advice as he fidgeted around in his sleeping bag in an attempt to put on his pants.
When he was properly bundled up he unzipped the bag and crawled out quietly trying not to wake up the others. He found the stew can that they had used for cooking along with the stew pot and the oatmeal for breakfast. He poured the alcohol into the bottom of the can and threw in a lit match before putting the water on to boil.
The oatmeal was almost ready when Peter noticed Stanly and Sam starting to stir. “Just one more day, less than a day actually,” he thought watching his breath warm his hands. “Just one more day and then I can go home to my wife, just one more day and then I can say that I made it.”
“What are you thinking?” Stanly asked. He’d dressed and was now standing behind Peter with his bowl ready for oatmeal. Sam was lacing up his boots.
“Nothing really,” Peter said and scooped out two bowls of oatmeal.
 “Hey Peter,” Stanly said after eating enough oatmeal to warm his insides.
“What?”
“Thanks for getting up and making breakfast this morning.”
Peter looked over to his friend who was squatting so as not to let anything but the bottoms of his boots touch the snow. 
“No problem.” 
Sam came over with bowl in hand and let Peter scoop out the last of the oatmeal from the pot. They ate in silence before packing up and starting back down the trail.
Chapter 5
“Life is suffering”
-Buddha

After his excursion on Windy Gap, Peter felt like he could start life all over, and he had every intention of doing it all right this time. But when he returned from his trip, life in the Manchell household was much the same by all external appearances, which, for all practical intents and purposes, meant that life was much the same. And Peter soon found himself slipping right back into his old habits as well. 
His relationship with Hannah was still cordial but a bit more distant. “Fixing that is my number one priority,” he told himself each morning when he got out of bed. And he genuinely intended to take care of it as soon as he eliminated the mounting paperwork from his desktop. 
He wasn’t surprised in the least to discover that Julia was spending all of her free time with her new boyfriend, though he had to be careful not to refer to him as Jason anymore. And Lewis was still a twelve-year-old boy who brought Tommy home after school to eat chips and play video games. Thomas was still at college neglecting to call, write, or visit. The only bright spot was the letter from David that Hannah had left on his desk.
So existence continued for the members of the Manchell family for days and weeks—time had lost meaning—and by all external appearances they were the perfect American family, which, for all practical intents and purposes, meant that they were the perfect American family.
* * *
Julia and Scott sat across from each other in the trendy little coffee shop that they’d begun frequenting. It was a Thursday afternoon and Scott had offered to buy her a snack before taking her back to his place. He looked very handsome in his beige cashmere sweater. If not for the circumstances Julia would have felt very grown up. But as it was she sat across from Scott eating her cinnamon roll in silence, allowing Scott to carry the conversation.
“What’s the matter?” Scott asked when he finally realized that Julia wasn’t herself. Julia hadn’t decided whether she would tell him, but felt like there was a weight on her chest and forced herself to take a breath.
“Julia?” Scott asked again when she didn’t respond right away.
“I’m late,” Julia said.
“Where are you going? What’s going on?” Scott asked obviously confused.
“No. I mean I didn’t have my . . . I got one of these tests and it came back positive.” Julia’s words spilled out of her mouth and Scott sat across from her bewildered. Julia tried again and was finally able to make him understand the problem without using that horrible word that had been haunting her for the last several days. Scott finally understood, and he seemed to be as petrified as her. 
“But I thought you were taking the pill. You mean you weren’t on any sort of medication?” Julia could tell that he wasn’t thinking about his words and shook her head in response.
“What were you thinking?” he asked.
Julia managed to get out the words, “I don’t know,” and repeated them under her breath. 
Scott seemed more angry than concerned as he sat in that state of bewilderment and frustration, but then he composed himself and said calmly that everything would be okay. This comforted Julia immensely despite the fact that she had no idea how he could make anything better. 
“Have you told anyone else?” Scott continued.
“No. You’re the first. I don’t know how I’m going to tell my parents. And everyone at school will find out soon enough. This isn’t the kind of thing you can just keep a secret. In a few months everybody’s going to know. And how am I going to pursue an acting career with a . . . with this extra responsibility? Don’t you see? This is going to ruin my life—our life.” 
“Everything is going to be fine,” Scott said again. “First of all you shouldn’t tell anyone. I can get some money from my father. They’ll understand and there’s a place downtown and we can go there right now and get everything taken care off.”
“You mean get an . . .” Julia hesitated so Scott cut her off.
“Exactly. Have an operation. It will fix everything and life can go on just like before.”
“But what do you know about this place? How do you know if it’s safe?”
“Don’t worry about that, but we should go now so we can get the whole thing done with as soon as possible.” 
“Yes the sooner the better,” Julia agreed and they gathered their things and were out the door before Julia realized what she had agreed to. Scott took the interstate and used his cell phone to make a call. It seemed to Julia that it must have been his father. She listened as Scott explained the situation and what they planned to do.
“Everything’s taken care of,” he said to Julia after he hung up the phone.
Julia wondered if this wasn’t something she should think through, but Scott was so confident as if he’d done this sort of thing a hundred times before, and his confidence made it seem like this was the only rational course of action. So she didn’t say or think anything, but simply sat in the passenger seat and let Scott do the driving. She watched as they passed one of the city parks. The autumn trees were blurred as they flew by her window. In only a few seconds her window went back to displaying the concrete world to which she had grown accustomed, and her life felt blurry and surreal. 
When she walked into the building everything seemed so simple, efficient, and commonplace. It seemed to Julia like she was just being run through the procedure. Even the questions about whether or not she really wanted to go through with her decision seemed like just another part of the procedure.
When she and Scott walked out of the clinic into the afternoon sun it was like waking up from a bad dream. And maybe it all had been just a dream, something dead and in the past. Holding her boyfriend’s hand, Julia literally skipped across the parking lot. 
“Thank you so much,” she said when they got to his car.
“Don’t mention it,” he replied. And that being said, they went out for hamburgers and ice cream.
* * *
On Thursday afternoon Peter didn’t come home after work. He had told himself that he wanted to devote himself to finishing all of his paperwork so he could get out of its shadow, and then devote all his time and attention to Hannah. He knew that his logic had holes. He knew that if he worked hard and got completely caught up he’d just be given something else. Nevertheless, Peter stayed in the office buried under pages of new policies and procedures, occasionally working towards his goal, but spending most of the evening just sitting, unsure of what he was doing at the office or why he hadn’t gone home. The ringing of the phone brought him out of one of these stupors and he answered it, not knowing who could be calling him at the office so late in the evening.
“Hello?” Peter asked as he picked up the phone.
“What are you still doing at the office?”
The voice was Stanly’s and within two minutes Peter had put things in order and was on his way to a sports bar to watch basketball. Stanly was there waiting at a table and they ordered a pitcher of Budweiser to go with the free chilidogs that came at halftime. The pitcher was empty by the time the game had ended, another unbearable defeat; ninety-seven to ninety-five on a buzzer beater was more than he could take. Another pitcher of beer was ordered to take the edge off of such a heartbreaking finale. Neither of them had noticed who had drunk the lion’s share but when it came time to leave Stanly had to drive Peter home. 
“It’s just that I really was going to try to patch things up with Hannah as soon as I found some time,” Peter slurred remorsefully as Stanly helped him into the car. 
“So what were you doing at the office?” Stanly asked. “I know you don’t like work that much.” 
“I don’t know. I was just . . .just . . . just,” Peter was having a hard time maintaining his train of thought.
“Just waiting on me to call so you could go do something else. I don’t know what the problem is, and I’m not the type to be giving advice, but you’ve got to get,” Stanly didn’t bother to finish his sentence because Peter had closed his eyes and leaned his head on the window. 
“I tried to hold her and kiss her like I used to,” Peter said after some silence.
“So what happened?”
“I couldn’t do it because, well I don’t know why. It didn’t feel natural anymore. It was like I was forcing it and then I got nervous because I didn’t know how she would respond, my own wife and I was afraid to, because it’s been so long and it was like I didn’t, but I don’t know if she loves me, if I love . . .”
Peter’s voice trailed off again and he put his head back against the glass.
“Listen, look at me man,” Stanly said until Peter gave him as much of his attention as he could muster, “most of the time the things you gotta do don’t come natural, but if it’s important you’ve got to go ahead and do them anyway. You understand?”
Peter nodded his head, exaggerating the motion, and let his chin rest on his chest.
“You can’t pass out yet,” Stanly said as he nudged Peter, “you’ve still got to give me directions to your house.”
Peter remained conscious until they got to his house and Stanly helped him to the front door. Hannah was still awake reading a book in the living room. Peter felt certain that she had stayed up because he hadn’t come home. He was afraid that she would be upset and he knew that he was in no state to have a “discussion.” He stumbled back to the bedroom as quietly as he could, knowing how much Hannah hated him drunk. He climbed into bed and pulled the covers up over his head hoping that everything would be fine in the morning. He was glad that Hannah had pretended not to notice the loud thumping noises he made when bumping into the walls as he had worked his way down the hallway.
“It’s the first time he’s come home drunk since Lewis was born and I’ll be out of this life soon enough,” she told herself. She hated the book but stayed up and read for another hour before slipping back to the bedroom where her husband lay safely asleep, or passed out, on his side of the bed.
* * *
Thomas was sitting on a shag couch with his bare feet buried in shag carpet, wondering if it was left over from the seventies and hoping that he was still sober enough to drive.
“You think you can make it home?” Mark asked. “I’m gonna head out. I’m going to another party.”
“I don’t know. I’ve never been drunk before but I’m pretty sure that I’m fine. Just a little buzzed,” Thomas said.
“Well I’ve got bigger fish to fry and bigger kegs to tap. See you around. But I’m glad to see you’ve finally loosened up some, you know, given into all that peer pressure and all.”
Mark stumbled out the door and Thomas realized that he couldn’t name one person inside the house.
“Peer pressure,” he mumbled. Nobody heard him. How could they have with the music blaring loud enough to drown out even the possibility of real conversation? “Nobody here cares if I’m drinking or not, really nobody here cares if I’m here or not. How is it that partying could get popular? Man I can’t stand the smell of this place, all the cheap perfume and colognes mixed with smoke and alcohol and air freshener. Maybe there isn’t any air freshener, but there should be. Why don’t people stop when they wake up in the morning with headaches? Mark’s always swearing ‘never again,’ but he’s always going back on his oaths by the time the next weekend rolls around.”
Somewhere in his monologue Thomas stopped speaking out loud, and sometime after he had stopped muttering a cute girl sat down next to him. At least he assumed that there was a cute girl attached to the low cut shirt, which was all he noticed.
“What’s your name?” it asked.
“Thomas.”
“You a friend of Marks? I saw you come in with him,” she went on in a friendly voice. 
“Yeah.”
“You don’t look like you’re having a good time. You haven’t been to many parties have you?” she continued.
“Nope.”
“It didn’t feel right for me at first either but after a while it’s like second nature, and you learn to deal with the people who can’t hold their liquor.”
She pointed to a guy who had managed to lose his shirt and seemed a little too interested in a girl wearing a tank top. There was a long awkward pause.
“If you wanted to get out of here I’d be up for going someplace. It looks like you aren’t having a good time and it also looks like you need someone to drive.”
“Thanks but I can walk back to my dorm room,” Thomas answered.
“Maybe some other time then.”
“Yeah, some other time.”
* * *
On Friday morning Peter vowed to himself, “Never again,” as the alarm went off and he dragged himself out of bed. It had been a long time since he had made that vow, and he was noticeably anxious as he got dressed and poured his bran flakes. His fear was the fear of a criminal who sees a police car slowly driving down the street. The only question left in his mind was when. Hannah was also eating breakfast and so Peter hid behind the sports page. They didn’t normally eat together but it happened that a few times a week they would both be at the table consuming their food at the same time. Peter scanned the box scores knowing that it wasn’t just a coincidence that his wife was sitting there, taking her sweet time between each bite, killing him first with anticipation. He could hear Julia and Lewis putting pop tarts in the toaster behind him but didn’t turn around. 
When Hannah finally spoke she asked, “What all did you do last night?” 
There was no accusation in Hannah’s tone. In fact, if Peter had been paying attention he would have realized that she was completely uninterested.
“I was really on a roll up at the office and wanted to finish going over all of the new policies.”
The lie was obvious. His body language was fidgety, he stammered, and his response was delayed. But if Hannah noticed she didn’t let on.
A minute later he could hear an engine starting in the driveway and knew that Julia was taking Lewis to the elementary on her way to the high school. Now he would hear what Hannah really wanted to say. He had been foolish to think that she would create a scene while the kids were still in the house. “She knows as well as I do that we have to maintain the façade in front of them, especially Lewis,” Peter thought.
It had been a long time since their last argument but Peter knew how it would go. Hannah would accuse him of something far worse than what he had actually done. Her imagination always convinced her of the veracity of the worst possible scenario. Then, in order to disprove her allegations, he would tell her the whole truth and she would yell at him. He would apologize, she would go cry, and he would feel terrible. Neither of them would say anything to the other, and after a day or so she would give him some indication that everything was forgiven and this would make him feel even worse, but at least it would be over.
But as Peter sat at the kitchen table with his bran flakes getting soggy, the silence was more than he could stand. Soon every little sound that he normally would never have noticed stood out. Hannah’s chewing and the soft ticking of the grandfather clock in the living room became unbearable, and he tried again to focus on yesterday’s box scores.
 “I’m leaving for the office,” Hannah said as she got up from the table and slung her satchel over her shoulder. She seemed aloof as she walked past him and out of the kitchen, and for the first time Peter thought that he might have dodged the bullet. As his fear of being caught subsided, he began to rationalize his actions. He hadn’t gotten that drunk and it would be a stretch to call his conversation with that young blonde woman at the table across from him flirting; besides she was a smoker and he could never have a relationship, or even an affair, with someone who smoked. By the time he left for work his conscience was clear and he even reproached himself for being such a coward.
* * *
Hannah had gotten up early on Friday morning, having decided that it would be the day she would finally say something. How long had it been since she and Abigail talked over coffee? How long had she been putting off what she knew she had to do? It seemed that all of her life, if she was ever to have one again, hinged on this one moment that was always just out of reach. 
It was like when she had taught the children to swim. She could see herself standing in the pool no more than two yards from David with her arms stretched out as if reaching for him.
“I’m right here; just swim to me.” Those had been her exact words to all four children. She remembered how each time David began to swim toward her, confident in his ability to swim so short a distance, but deathly afraid of the deep end of the pool. She remembered waiting until he had almost reached her and then taking a step backwards and then another, always staying just out of reach until he floundered. Then she would reach out and pull him close to her.
“Look how far you made it!” she would say each time, until he was finally able to swim the length of the pool. That is how they learned, spurred on by the hope that just a few more strokes would bring them to the goal.
“But I’m floundering now,” she thought, and she poured some bran flakes into her bowl. “And I’m nowhere near the end. She asked Peter what he had done last night but didn’t care enough to listen to his answer. Instead she fingered her wedding band. She took it off and rubbed her little finger along the inner rim. She could feel the engraving: ‘till death do us part.
How long would that be? If it were only a week, a month, even a year away she knew she could make it. But they were both middle aged and in good health, at least compared to most people their age. The far end of the pool looked so distant and so deep.
“And I’m floundering now,” she thought. Then for the first time all morning she actually took notice of Peter. His head was buried behind the newspaper as he slurped cereal and milk from his spoon. Or was it her spoon. She was almost positive that her grandfather had given them the silverware. Or maybe it had been her aunt. Regardless, she felt fairly certain that it had come from her side of the family. She caught herself letting her thoughts wander.
“No. A spoon doesn’t matter. None of that is important, just freedom, just life. It feels like I’ve been dead for so long. And it’s all his fault.”
Peter was still slurping milk, something that had never bothered her before, but now she made an effort to eat each bite of soggy bran flakes with as much grace and precision as possible. She remembered how her mother had always cooked breakfast and they had all eaten as a family. Now she could hardly remember what it was like to smell pancakes and sausage. She ate and thought about bacon and eggs and weekends at the lake. All of her life was behind her. 
“I can’t keep putting it off. As soon as we’re alone without the kids. As the words passed through her mind, she heard Julia’s car start outside. She looked at her watch. “But if I tried to tell him now it would make us both late for work,” she thought. 
Then she found her voice and said resolutely, “I’m leaving for the office.” The wrong words seemed to have escaped from her mouth. It was what she had intended to say, but she had hoped that the other words, the words that had been eating at her for so long, would somehow find their way out instead. She slung her satchel over her shoulder and walked into the garage hating herself for letting another morning go by without saying those words that had been welling up inside of her for too long now.
* * *
When Julia woke up on Friday morning she had slept less than her father. The peaceful oblivion that came with sleep had eluded her. She watched the minutes tick away on her alarm clock trying to convince herself that she was only concerned with not being able to stay awake in her classes if she didn’t get to sleep soon. The alarm went off at too early o’clock, as Thomas used to call it, and she went through her morning ritual. 
Those first few hours of wakefulness that she had once despised were now her only escape. Her body was engaged in mechanical tasks that it was trained to do without any thought, and her mind wasn’t awake enough to begin rerunning the myriad of thoughts that must have gone through her head a thousand times already. Reality was distant.
The first thing that went through her head when she had finished waking up was getting out of the house without having to talk to her parents. She hadn’t been able to talk to them since she and Scott had gone downtown.
“Hurry up Lewis or you’re going to make me late,” she yelled from the bathroom. Lewis was closer to being ready than she was, but she needed to occupy her mind. “He’s always running behind,” she thought as she walked into the kitchen. Lewis was just in front of her and they put all four Pop Tarts into the family sized toaster at the same time. From the kitchen she could see into the dining room where her father was reading the paper with his back to her. Her mother was sitting across from him eating a bowl of cereal. Despite the fact that the toaster was on the fastest setting Julia couldn’t stand the waiting. As soon as the Pop Tarts were ready she handed two to Lewis, took two for herself, and without saying anything, ushered her little brother out of the front door and into the car.
As she drove him to the elementary he kept her busy with silly questions about flowers and candy bars. As Lewis got out of the car she told herself, “Now all I have to do is make it to first period. Then I’ll have to focus on school all day.” She put in a CD and turned the volume up. She sang along until she pulled into the school parking lot.
* * *
Lewis was the only person in the house who had slept soundly through the night. He had dreamed about being able to fly and woke up without the slightest twinge of guilt. He got dressed and wetted his toothbrush. He didn’t see any reason to brush his teeth first thing in the morning when it was the last thing he had done before going to sleep. He had also learned that his mother could tell if he was lying about having brushed them if the bristles were still dry.
He had just completed his own morning ritual when his sister yelled at him to hurry up. He grabbed an already crumpled piece of paper that was sitting on his dresser and shoved it into his right pants pocket and went into the kitchen to cook his Pop Tarts, which he ate in his sister’s car. He gobbled them down because he had important things to talk about.
“What are the best kinds of flowers?” he asked Julia, still chewing the last bite of his breakfast.
“I don’t know. Daffodils I guess,” Julia said without looking at her brother.
While Lewis felt that the motivation behind his question was perfectly clear Julia couldn’t seem to be able to figure out what he was after, and had only responded with the first type of flower that came to mind. Lewis couldn’t understand how anyone else’s mind could be occupied with anything other than asking out Summer Wallburn.
“Daffodils,” repeated Lewis and he fingered the crumpled paper that had found its way into his pocket again, just as it had done for so many days now. “What about candy bars?” he asked after a short pause.
“What about them?” Julia retorted.
“Which kind’s the best?” Lewis said impatiently, feeling that his sister was only trying to drag out the conversation as a means of toying with him.
“Snickers,” Julia said answering with the same curtness she had used when responding to the question about flowers.
Lewis had no idea where or by what means he would obtain daffodils, but he had eighty-five cents in his pocket, which would be more than enough to get a Snickers bar from the candy aisle of the gas station across the street from the school. He got out of the car and walked hesitantly toward the double doors at the front of the elementary school, with his right hand still fingering the crumpled paper in his pants’ pocket.
Chapter 6
“I Was”
Yo sé quien soy1
When I was young and could not fall
I played until my mother called
and worried not and naught I knew.
When I was king of town and field
I did not know what time would yield
but ruled the land without a clue.
When I was wiser than the world
I was so free my heart unfurled
and I was I and I knew who-
I was.
Now those days have passed.
I have grown old.

1Don Quijote Book VIII. “I know who I am.”

When Julia got to the high school she weaved in and out of the rows of cars working her way from the front to the back of the lot. There wasn’t a single available parking spot so she turned out of the lot and down the road to the overflow parking. But when she got there, instead of making the right-hand turn into the gravel parking lot with shoots of grass growing up between the pebbles, she kept going straight. She didn’t know exactly why she didn’t park and go to school. In fact she could still make it to class on time if she turned around. But she kept going straight.
When the road met up with the interstate she took the on ramp for the same reason she hadn’t turned into the parking lot, still not knowing what that reason might be, and not caring enough to ask herself. It was the first time she had ever skipped school and she didn’t have a plan. Just drive.
When she got to a familiar exit she took it. The ramp looped down and under the interstate and Julia found herself on the road that led to Grace Assisted Living Center. She hadn’t meant to go to that place. She certainly hadn’t planned it, but the car was almost driving itself, and her hands and feet seemed to be obeying a higher power as they conducted the car down the road. They were slaves to impulse, to familiarity and habit. When she arrived she found ample space in the visitor’s parking lot. She pulled in and parked between the freshly painted yellow lines. There was no grass growing up between cracks in the parking lot and Julia walked across the mostly empty concrete sea.
As soon as she walked into the lobby, the smell of death overwhelmed her. An unnaturally cheerful blonde woman behind a large circular counter asked if she could be of any assistance.
“No thanks,” answered Julia, “I’m just visiting Abraham Manchell.”
“I think he’s in his room,” the receptionist said, still smiling.
“Of course he’s in his room; he can’t get up and leave,” Julia thought. She walked down the hall and pushed open the door to his room, which had been left slightly ajar. Abraham was lying in bed watching television.
“Hi Grandpa,” Julia said timidly. 
He turned to face her and coughed before saying, “Aren’t you supposed ta be in school?”
Julia hesitated.
“Bein’ old an’ invalid hasn’t made me senile yet. I know what day a’ the week it is an’ where people your age ought ta be on a school day,” he added. “Well sit down.” He motioned to the chair in the corner of the room just below the mounted TV. Julia sat down and began to explain herself, but found it difficult not knowing exactly what had possessed her to do any of the things she had done since dropping Lewis off.
“I’m kind of skipping school,” she began.
“Well I can see that. Now what I don’t understand is why you decided ta come here. You know that most people your age go out an’ do somethin’ fun when they cut class.”
He sounded crotchety at first and Julia began to regret having come, but then she detected a hint of playfulness in him. It was hard to notice buried under the gravelly voice and indistinguishable facial expressions. But now she saw it distinctly, and she wondered if maybe it had always been there.
“I did something,” she began, but hesitated again, “something bad.”
“So you’re just like everyone else. That still doesn’t explain comin’ ta this place fer no good reason at all.” Abraham spoke with what Julia could now recognize as a smile.
“No. I did something really bad,” Julia continued. “I didn’t think there was anything wrong with it at first and I still don’t know if it was wrong, but I feel horrible and haven’t been able to sleep and I can’t stop thinking about it.”
“I’m no expert on morality, but generally if you have a guilty conscience it means two things. First a’ all it means that whatever it was you done was wrong, at least fer you, an’ second that you’re not such a horrible person that you can do somethin’ really bad an’ still sleep at night. If you was sleepin’ like a baby then I’d be worried ‘bout you.”
“What do you mean?” Julia asked.
“When I was in Korea we all did bad things, even some a’ the really good men, which made me think that maybe there wasn’t no such thing as a really good man. My only consolation fer all the bad stuff I done was that I couldn’t just shake it off. That’s how I knew I wasn’t completely rotten. I couldn’t ever forget. I still think ‘bout. . .”
Julia strained to listen but couldn’t make out the words. She wanted to tell him everything, this invalid, who, though he was her grandfather, was almost a perfect stranger. She felt like it would be easier to tell him than her mother, or even Sara. Maybe it was because he could identify with her. Maybe it was because he was safe, an old man who nobody ever listened to and who would be dead soon enough.
“Don’t you want to know what it is that I did?” she asked, looking for an outlet.
“Only if you want ta tell me.”
Julia shifted in the chair, obviously uncomfortable, as she tried to find the words.
“Maybe another day,” Abraham said.
“Yeah, another day,” Julia repeated and got up from the chair.
“Could you hand me my book? Susie always sets it on the dresser.”
Julia handed him the old western novel on her way out the door. 
“I’ll come back,” she said and closed the door behind her. 
As she walked down the hallway she was again greeted by the smell of death and hurried toward the front door. She pushed then pulled, but the door didn’t budge. She got just a little frantic in her anxiety to get away from that smell. The receptionist must have noticed.
“You have to enter the code; it’s eight-one-five,” said the blonde woman behind the counter. “It’s to keep the residents from getting out.”
Julia entered the numbers and rushed out of the building and into her car. She put the key in the ignition but didn’t turn it. She sat in silence for a moment and thought about what her grandfather had said. She thought about her not being able to sleep, and his words comforted her, and she realized that she felt a little better. Guilt and doubt still nagged at her but not like it had before, and that made her feel even more relieved. She sat in her car basking in that feeling until it passed. But when it was gone she hated herself for being able to be anything but miserable, and having almost had a moment’s joy made her loath herself even more. 
* * *
Lewis didn’t go through the double doors that led into the grade school, at least not right away. As soon as Julia’s car was out of sight he ran across the street to the gas station and purchased a Snickers bar, which found its way into the same pocket as the crumpled paper, and then he hurried back to school. He didn’t waste any time once he got inside. All of the nervousness and second-guessing was erased by the urgency that came from his knowledge of how quickly candy bars melt inside pants pockets. He went into the classroom where a few other students had begun to congregate, and he discretely placed the candy and the note in Summer’s desk. Relief swept over him at once. He’d done everything he could. Now all that was left was the wait.
* * *
Julia left the nursing home’s pristine parking lot and went back to school. She found a place in the grassy gravely overflow lot and waited so that she walked inside just in time for third period. Nobody had noticed or cared that she’d been missing for two hours. The only evidence was a bubble filled in with a number two pencil on a scantron that would feed the information into a computer, and, since this had been her first absence that semester, the computer wouldn’t make a peep. 
* * *
For Lewis the day dragged on slower than usual and his glances toward Summer’s desk and the clock that hung on the wall were even more frequent. She’d found the note, but hadn’t so much as looked his way. At lunch Lewis let Tommy eat his ham and cheese sandwich, while he nibbled at his best friend’s tuna salad. By recess he couldn’t wait any more. Instead of playing basketball with Tommy and some of the other boys he went directly to the monkey bars where Summer and her friends were talking.
“So, what do you think? About the note I mean,” he asked, forgetting to be nervous. 
Summer had obviously not forgotten to be nervous and with a crimson face responded, “I have to ask my mom.” 
The other girls giggled and Lewis went back to the basketball court where Tommy and some of the other boys stood in amazement at his courage. The only exception was one boy who made fun of him for playing on the monkey bars with the girls. Lewis was so confused that he could hardly appreciate their accolades or criticism. Playing basketball was almost enough to make him forget about the uncertainty that should have been tormenting him. But, unlike his sister, he couldn’t focus at all on his schoolwork.
* * *
“Everything in life seems discombobulated. Nothing flows. It’s like I’m being jerked from one thing to another. As soon as I really know where I am it’s off to somewhere else. I don’t know who’s saying what or anything. I need for things to be better grounded.” 
It was 12:48 p.m. on Friday, November 22nd and Jessica was sitting on Thomas’s bed in his dorm room on the south side of campus exactly two inches from Thomas who was sitting next to her with a bewildered look. He had fallen in love with the fast paced life at the university and had never thought of it as discombobulated until that moment. But he muttered something in agreement for sympathy’s sake and put his arm around her. She leaned her head against his chest and neither of them said anything for a long time but when one of their watches beeped signaling the hour Jessica pulled away, kissed him on the lips, gathered her books and said thank you as she disappeared into the hallway, leaving Thomas alone and more than a little confused. 
Though he didn’t understand what had just transpired, he didn’t see how it could be a bad sign. After all she had kissed him. An hour later when it was time for him to leave for class he was still wearing a goofy smile.
* * *
While Jessica was sitting on her brother’s bed Julia was sitting with Scott on his. “Is it really that simple? Do we just keep on like before and pretend that nothing ever happened?” she asked.
“We need to be a little more careful. But other than that nothing needs to change between us,” Scott said. He made it seem like Julia’s question was completely irrelevant, and at first his nonchalance made her feel that there really wasn’t anything left to do except move on. 
“How many other girls have you . . . with how many of them did you . . . well you know.” 
Julia had begun asking the question before she really knew what she was asking or why she wanted to know the answer, but now that it was out it seemed like the most important thing she had ever asked him. Scott was unfazed, and, with the same nonchalance, said that it didn’t matter now since they were together. Julia didn’t press the issue because their lunch break was almost over, and she didn’t want to be late getting back to the school on the same day she had already missed her first two classes. She straightened her clothes and fixed her hair before Scott drove them back to the school. He made a remark about thirty-five minutes not being enough for lunch and they parted ways.
 
* * *
Friday afternoon, after school and theater practice, Julia couldn’t bring herself to go back to Scott’s house. The thought of having to look his father in the eye repulsed her. She had only seen him once since he’d paid for her to go downtown, and his gaze had sliced through her like a scalpel. He made her feel like she was worse than a prostitute; there’s no obligation with a prostitute. His cold, aloof greeting had made her feel completely worthless.
“I just can’t face that again,” thought Julia, “at least not today.” She got in her car and drove to Grace Assisted Living Center. When she walked through the second set of double doors, she was nonplused by the smell that greeted her. The blonde receptionist greeted her by name and Julia, surprised at having been recognized, made a point to remember the name pinned to her shirt, Susie. She entered her grandfather’s room without knocking and sat down in the chair by his bed.
“Grandpa?” she asked, not knowing if he was awake.
“What brings you back here?” Abraham’s tone was paternal but not condescending. “I’d tell you ta have a seat but you’ve already found one. Whatever happened ta manners? What are they teachin’ in the schools these days?”
Julia didn’t detect the slightest hint of real disapproval, something she would have assumed a month ago simply because of the gruff nature of Abraham’s speech. She explained that schools weren’t supposed to teach manners but rather grammar and calculus.
“Well they should start teachin’ manners, those would get you a lot further than calculus,” Abraham said.
“Unless you want to be an architect,” Julia contradicted playfully.
Abraham grunted in such a way that Julia felt that he really believed that even for an architect manners were more important than calculus. She decided to change the subject and mentioned that Susie had greeted her by name.
“She asked ‘bout you the last time you came in; this mornin’ I guess it was. Not many people here have seventeen year old girls come in ta visit when they aren’t forced ta.”
“Eighteen,” corrected Julia.
“Okay, eighteen. But I’m still surprised that she managed ta remember your name. She’s not exactly the best a’ people, at least not when it comes ta rememberin’ stuff.”
“Maybe she wants to be a good person and she’s making more of an effort now. I see that she left your book where you can reach it instead of on the dresser.”
“There’s a’ world a’ difference ‘tween wantin’ ta be good an’ actually carin’ ‘bout people. An’ doin’ a few decent things don’t make a person good. I would imagine that everyone wants ta be good, but nobody actually takes the time ta help or care ‘bout their neighbors ‘cept when it’s convenient. I guess they figure that they’re too busy ta actually be a good person.” 
Julia didn’t know if he was just rambling or if his words had something to do with the statement she’d made earlier that day about having done something bad.
“Do you know why I came to see you? Julia asked.
“You mean it wasn’t ‘cause you enjoy my company?” Abraham joked.
“I wanted to hear about what you did in the war.”
Abraham didn’t say anything at first. Memories were coming to the surface. Julia sat still, patiently enduring the silence. Finally Abraham spoke up.
“I’ll tell you the next time you come, but you have ta bring your little brother with you.”
Julia laughed, but then realized that he was serious.
“You mean it?”
“I’m dead serious,” Abraham said in response, and Julia asked when a good time would be.
“I’ll be here,” Abraham said. 
Julia felt a little guilty for not having fully understood his position until that moment. She spent the drive back trying to think of how she could convince Lewis to go back with her. When she got home and her father asked her where she had been she said that she’d been at Scott’s house. She didn’t understand why she had instinctively felt the need to lie about having been with her grandfather. But the lie came more naturally than the truth, and it was more plausible.
After dealing with her father, Julia poked her head into Lewis’s room. He was watching the little television that had found its way to his nightstand when their parents had bought a larger one for their own bedroom.
“Lewis,” she said in a whisper. She had to call him several times before he heard her, or at least before he acknowledged her.
“What?” he said, as if he were in the middle of something important.
“I’ve got a surprise for you, but it’s a secret. Tell Mom that I’m taking you to the park and then we’ll go.”
The excitement of a surprise made Lewis forget to be skeptical of his big sister doing something nice for him, and he hurried to carry out her instructions. Soon they were in her car driving on the interstate. And it was all Lewis could do not to ask where they were going. When they pulled into the parking lot at Grace Assisted Living Center he exclaimed, “We’re not going to see Grandpa! I thought it was going to be a good surprise.” His words were filled with the same disappointment and disgust that Julia had felt on previous visits. She assured him that it would be okay, and he followed her into the building, but without the bounce that had been in his step when they’d left the house.
“Back so soon?” Susie said when she saw them. “I’ll get you another chair.” She dragged an extra chair from the lobby into Abraham’s room before stepping out the door.
“So how did she convince you ta come?” Abraham asked Lewis when they were all seated and alone. Lewis, who felt deceived by his sister, was quick to tell the whole story about Julia having a surprise and telling their parents they were going to the park.
“That’s shrewd,” Abraham said to Julia approvingly, but added, “Is it really that easy ta lie ta your parents?”
“No,” Julia said thinking quickly, “we’re going to stop by the park on the way home, so it won’t be a lie.”
Abraham chuckled, amused by her measures. 
“So are you ready ta hear?” he asked
“Hear what?” Lewis interjected, still confused about why his sister had brought him to the nursing home. Julia shushed him and Abraham began.
“I haven’t told this ta anyone in a very long time,” he said before Lewis interrupted him.
“Why not?”
Julia jabbed him with her elbow, but their grandfather didn’t seem to mind answering.
“Mostly ‘cause nobody ever asked me,” he continued. “But I’ve thought ‘bout it all the time. Especially here where all there is ta do is think. I’ve done lots a’ things over there, but this is what I think ‘bout most nights. It was me an’ three other guys an’ we were supposed to parachute into a location. The problem was that they gave us this translator who was hardly 19 years old by the looks of him. He didn’t exactly have as much experience as the rest a’ us, an’ it was a tough place ta land, an’ he ended up breaking his leg on the jump, the femur.”
At this point Abraham patted his thigh for Lewis who obviously didn’t know what a femur was, but didn’t want to interrupt again.
“We realized that we’d been seen comin’ down ‘cause we heard people lookin’ fer us, so we hid ourselves an’ laid still fer three days. We hadn’t been able ta do nothin’ fer the poor boy’s leg, but he laid there still as could be without makin’ a sound even though it had ta hurt like somethin’ terrible. He didn’t whimper or complain or say anything, but laid there quiet as can be so they wouldn’t find the rest a’ us. 
“An’ ta be honest, the rest a’ us were so scared that we pretty much forgot ‘bout him. We all just laid there on our bellies without gettin’ up or lookin’ ‘round for three whole days, an’ I think most a’ us thought ‘bout home an’ our families, or our sweethearts that we were goin’ ta make a family with as soon as we got out a’ that place. When we finally decided that the coast was clear the first thing we realized was that we’d all made our food rations stretch those three days, but that we were famished an’ dehydrated, an’ none a’ us thought that we could make it out. 
That was when one a’ the guys noticed the boy hadn’t gotten up, an’ we all went over to where he’d been hidin’ an’ he was still lyin’ on his stomach not movin’ or sayin’ anythin’. I called out ta him in a whisper an’ said that we figured the coast was clear, an’ so we were moving out, but he still didn’t move so I went over ta him an’ realized that he was dead, an’ I knew he hadn’t been dead longer than a few hours ‘cause his body wasn’t completely cold or stiff yet.”
He looked over at Lewis and explained, “When a person’s been dead fer very long his body gets cold an’ rigid. Anyways, after that we realized that he’d gone all that time an’ hadn’t taken a bite a’ his rations. That’s when we knew that he’d laid there dyin’ all those days sufferin’ and starvin’ so silently with a broken leg so all the rest a’ us could live, even though he hardly knew us, an’ none a’ us had been particularly nice ta him because we didn’t figure we were going ta have any need of a translator an’ that the boy was only goin’ ta be dead weight.
“In the end we barely managed ta make it out an’ we all stayed alive on his rations that he left fer us ‘cause he must’ve known that he was goin’ ta die. But none a’ us ever felt right ‘bout it. We all felt a little guilty, like we hadn’t done anythin’ ta deserve what he’d done fer us, an’ we all felt like it should’ve been one a’ us who died in that place, ‘cause he was a really good man—I call him a man now ‘cause that’s what he was—an’ we all knew that he was one a’ the finest we’d ever met, even before we left on that mission, but that didn’t keep us from givin’ him the cold shoulder while we were at the base an’ going out a’ our way ta make him feel unwelcome.
“When we got back I found his Bible, an’ I could tell that it was well read ‘cause the pages were smudged from dirty fingers, an’ the cover was almost worn off. I didn’t consider it stealin’ ta take it ‘cause he hadn’t left a widow, an’ I promised ta myself ta read that book cover ta cover when I got home, but I never found the time.”
“Do you still have it?” Julia asked, full of amazement.
“I’m sure it got thrown in one a’ those boxes when they packed up all my stuff. It’s probably in that storage shed collectin’ dust just like everything else.”
Lewis hadn’t said anything since he’d first interrupted, but his excitement finally overcame him and he asked, “What else do you have in there?”
“Just junk mostly, old clothes, old pictures, an’ some old huntin’ gear.”
“Really?” Lewis asked.
“I guess you’ve never held a gun. If I weren’t stuck here I’d teach you how ta shoot, an’ we’d go huntin’. Nobody teaches a boy how ta shoot anymore.”
“Boys in the city learn on their own,” Julia noted.
“Lewis, I’m sorry I can’t teach you how ta shoot a gun, but you can have mine when I’m gone, if you’ll promise ta learn how ta use it right. That’ll be as close as I come ta helpin’ you grow up. Would you like that?”
“I guess,” Lewis said.
“If it’s okay with you, I could take him by the storage shed this weekend,” Julia offered.
“I don’t see any reason why not,” Abraham said. “But you’d better get goin’ if you’re really goin’ ta stop at the park on your way home.” 
Julia agreed that it was time to go, and she left with Lewis. Neither of them said anything else about their visit, or the storage shed. Even if one of them had wanted to break the silence neither of them would have known what to say. The receptionist greeted them when they walked by her desk, but she’d dropped the sickeningly sweet façade.
“See you later Susie,” Julia said as she opened the door.
“Call me Susan.”
“Okay, Susan.” 
Julia and Lewis walked out of the double doors and found themselves in the sunlit parking lot. When they were in the car on the way back to the house Julia asked Lewis if he really wanted to learn how to shoot a gun, and, even though his yes seemed less than enthusiastic, she agreed to take him to the storage shed when they had time, as long as he never mentioned anything to their parents. After a few minutes in the park, they snuck back into the house hoping to avoid being noticed, but there wasn’t any need because nobody was home. Lewis went to his room and thought about what tomorrow would bring. Julia went to her room also, and everything that she had managed to forget for an afternoon came flooding back to her. She turned up her music so Lewis wouldn’t hear her crying into the pillow.
After Julia had cried every tear she could manage she passed the rest of the evening working on an essay before going to bed early. Scott didn’t call. For that matter neither did Sara or Jason. She didn’t call them either. She spent the night lying awake in bed wishing that the whole world would come to a stop. She rolled back and forth for several hours, but must have gotten some sleep because the alarm clock’s mechanical beeping woke her up in the morning.
Chapter 7
“The Astronaut”
For a moment it was real.
Then sunlight filled the room—and my eyelids.
Awaking, I was disheartened
by the realization that gravity held my body
firmly in my bed, and the sun, 
so unkind, informed me
that I had never been an astronaut.
Reality whispered “it was only a dream.”
Nevertheless, I tried to remember how life had felt
when I was free 
of the weight that binds my feet to the ground.
But my planner beeped impatiently, 
reminding me that I had no time for such thoughts.
The day already beginning
leaves no space for the life
of dreams, now exiled by
reality’s restraints and intruding sunlight.

When Peter woke up to the beeping of his alarm on Friday, November 22nd he had felt something ominous hanging over him, and he knew that he wouldn’t be able to escape whatever doom the day had in store for him. He’d managed to shake the feeling during his time at the office and while he was out with Stanly that evening. By the time he got back to the house, the kids were asleep, and he’d completely forgotten the dread that he’d felt when he woke up. The day had been textbook, almost a rerun of yesterday, which is why, when Peter got to the living room, he was completely unprepared for Hannah’s announcement about the decision she’d made.
“Shouldn’t we talk about it first? We could try counseling. I know we’ve been getting more distant,” Peter began. His shock was the same as that of a chain smoker who’s just been told that he has lung cancer. 
“No I’ve made up my mind. I’ve already started with the paperwork.” Hannah was as firm as Peter could ever remember her being.
“At least tell me why. Was it something I did? Something I said? If this is about the other night I promise . . .” 
She didn’t let him finish, “It wasn’t anything you did or said.” Hannah grew bolder as she gained momentum, “No. It’s everything you didn’t do and didn’t say. I feel like this relationship is stifling me and I need to get out.” 
“But this? Isn’t there something else?” Peter suggested.
“Why does this bother you so much? You know we don’t love each other anymore. We haven’t loved each other for a long time now. We’ve only been pretending for appearance’s sake. We shackle each other. At least you shackle me. The only reason we’ve stayed together this long is to maintain stability for the kids, and to keep up appearances for the neighbors. Julia’s leaving the house soon and,” Hannah stopped for a moment and realized what she had said. “That’s why this bothers you. It’s why you always mow the front lawn twice as often as the back. It’s all about maintaining your facades. 
“Who are you trying to impress? This isn’t the fifties. Wake up to the world around you. This is what people do now when marriages don’t work. Don’t you understand that nobody’s going to care? It’s not like we know our neighbors so who cares if they talk, but they won’t because they don’t know us either. We wouldn’t even know their name if we hadn’t gotten their mail in our box.” 
Peter sat silently while Hannah continued. 
“So who is it, your senile dying father? Is it because of what he did when he found out your brother couldn’t make his marriage work. If that’s your only reason, just don’t tell him. He’ll be dead soon enough. You don’t have anyone to put on a front for except yourself. And that’s who you’re doing it for isn’t it. That’s all life is for you, being able to go to bed telling yourself that everything’s perfectly fine when we both know that isn’t the case. Why can’t you stop pretending? Why don’t you wake up from your little dream world and admit that our marriage is in shambles.”
“Think about Lewis,” Peter said. He hadn’t been concerned about their youngest son, but it was the first card he found that seemed playable. It came too late. Hannah had already turned to retreat to the bedroom. When she was inside she locked the door behind her and threw herself on the unmade bed. It was all she could do to keep her resolution not to cry over worthless things, but this time she didn’t know for sure if the tears she was suppressing weren’t tears of relief. 
Finally remorse overtook her. She wasn’t the least bit sorry for having said such horrible things to Peter. He deserved everything. He needed to hear it. The feeling that had seized her was closer to self-pity, and her only regret was that all those hurtful words had come from her mouth. She wasn’t the type of person to say such hurtful things.
She could hear Peter trying to turn the doorknob, and pleading with her from the other side. When she knew that there was no longer any danger of tears she let him in. And, after about an hour of talking everything over calmly and rationally, not letting emotions get in the way, Peter agreed to her proposal, not because he wanted to, but because it was obvious to him that the decision had already been made. 
They agreed to do everything as quickly as possible, and in secret, not saying anything to the children until after Christmas, and not making anything final until Julia was out of the house. In the meantime they agreed to go on living as they had been. That was the compromise Peter had negotiated. And so the affairs of life continued in what, to an outside observer, would seem to be the most pleasant and normal fashion. 
* * *
“Do you think it’s wrong?” Julia asked as she and Scott sat on his parent’s couch, as they had grown accustomed to doing when they were alone in the house.
“Do I think what’s wrong?” he asked, seeming genuinely confused.
“You know, what we did, what we’re doing,” she said. When he only returned a blank stare she added in an exasperated voice, “The operation.”
“No! Of course not, it’s all perfectly legal.”
“I know it’s legal,” Julia said, “But is it wrong? I mean what we did, what I did, it just doesn’t feel right. I haven’t really felt the same since.”
“I think you’re overreacting a little and that’s why you don’t feel right. Just relax” Scott said and slid his hand down her back in what became a successful attempt to change the subject.
“Is everything okay?” Hannah asked when Julia came slinking home that Sunday night.
“Yeah Mom. Everything’s fine,” Julia lied.
Hannah hadn’t lost touch with her daughter to the point of not being able to recognize that everything was far from fine, but she didn’t pursue the topic. She was just as eager to avoid conversation with her daughter as Julia was to avoid talking to her. 
Julia knew that if her mother had pursued the topic, if she’d asked how she really felt, that she would have broken down and told her everything. Feeling a sort of relief Julia went back to her bedroom and with that same relief Hannah went into the living room and stood at the entryway. Peter and Lewis were watching football, and Peter was explaining the game while Lewis paid closer attention to his father than he ever did in school. Hannah knew that this was a common occurrence during football season, but couldn’t repress the thought that Peter was trying to butter up her youngest son so he would have an advantage if it came down to a custody battle. She knew this wasn’t Peter’s intention, and wasn’t the least bit worried about a custody battle, but the suspicion was too strong for her to simply shake it off. She left the living room without having been seen, convincing herself despite the understood irrationality of her suspicions.
While Peter and Lewis were watching football in the living room, Julia was in her room crying into her pillow but nobody could hear her over the music, except Hannah who noticed as she walked from the living room to her bedroom. But she didn’t know how to deal with her daughter, and didn’t want to deal with any more problems unless they were absolutely pressing.
“She’ll come to me when she’s ready to talk about it,” Hannah told herself and escaped behind her bedroom door. She went to bed before the football game ended, as did Julia, but neither of them went to sleep for quite some time.
Meanwhile Lewis was enjoying himself more than he had in a long time. He had completely forgotten that Summer Wallburn existed, and that she hadn’t given him an answer yet. All that mattered to him were first downs and touchdowns. For a few hours all of the confusion that normally accompanied his twelve-year-old life was reduced to something so simple, yet with enough complexity that trying to absorb it all fully engaged his attention.
Football left him no opportunity to remember all the problems and uncertainties of the outside world, which was really only one problem and one uncertainty. But that uncertainty was like the hydra he had learned about in reading, with so many heads and facets that it looked like a myriad of problems until he stepped away from it and could see things in their proper . . . touchdown! His dad gave him a high five and they both celebrated with a handful of Cheezits while Peter explained the reply.
Explaining football to Lewis was the highlight of Peter’s week as well. He and his son loved the game for all of the same reasons. But the problems with Hannah had been creeping back into the foreground. They’d been slowly sneaking up on him until the Hail Marry pass that brought up first and goal with less than a minute to go in the first half. For a moment life was good, at least by comparison. His standards of good had slipped to the absence of bad, and he was able to justify an entire day spent watching football as “quality time” because Lewis had come home from Tommy’s in time to watch the last game with him. This preoccupation with the struggles of other men in a stadium hundreds of miles away made the day absolutely wonderful, especially by comparison. When the game was over Peter snuck into his bed. Hannah lay motionless and he felt relieved, having maintained the status quo another day.
* * *
Everyone woke up on Monday morning and began the new week as if nothing special or extraordinary had or would transpire. That afternoon, after class and rehearsal, Julia was sitting in the courtyard outside the school eating the plain bagel that she hadn’t managed to find time for during lunch. She was intentionally avoiding Scott, Sara, Jason, and anyone else who might actually care enough about her to stop and talk—part of her self-imposed exile. With so much weighing on her mind it had been easy for her to forget her promise to take Lewis by the storage shed, just something else to add to her list of self-reproach. Her eyes were fixed on the ground, which made it easy for Scott to approach without being noticed. 
She looked up at him as he sat down across from her and remained silent for almost a minute. As time passed he might have actually felt sorry for her. Seeing her in such a dejected state should have pierced him. He fidgeted as if some sudden twinge of shame or guilt was too strong, and he got up as if to leave without saying anything. But he sat back down, and, with another glance up at his face, Julia could tell that something inside him had shifted.
Julia knew what he was thinking: “This is really all her fault. Nobody else knows about it. She’s torturing herself and me over nothing.”
Julia knew that once Scott realized how illogical her actions were he would no longer feel any pity for the downcast creature that sat across from him, but rather despise her for having subjected him to that painful moment of empathy, that split second in which he might have felt all the pain and loss that she was experiencing. She wanted him to believe that the storm of emotions that was raging inside of her was justified, but she didn’t hold out hope. 
His face seemed to say: “How dare she? Sitting there like that to try to make the world feel sorry for her when there’s nothing to feel sorry about.” Then, as if he’d pushed aside his indignation and resolved to say what had brought him to that bench in the first place, he broke the silence.
“Julia.”
She looked up at him again with empty eyes that wanted to say, “I have no interest in anything you might tell me, but I’ve resigned to hear you out because I don’t have the will to leave either.” 
Scott turned away from those eyes and continued, “I was thinking that after we graduate, and I go to college, you should come with me, and we could move in together. My parents would, of course, pay the rent and while I take classes you’ll be free to pursue acting like you’ve always talked about.”
“You want to get married?”
There was no excitement or hope in Julia’s voice, only incredulity that he was capable of such a noble offer.
“No, not get married.” Scott was quick to interject. “I don’t believe in that sort of thing, it’s really just a legal entanglement. I mean we would just live together. We’ll still have each other, but without giving up our freedom.”
“No.” Her voice was still dead and completely devoid of any emotion. Had there been any passion of any kind in her response Scott would probably have been indignant, but such a flat refusal caught him off guard. 
“I was only trying to do the right thing, but if that’s how you feel I guess it’s over,” he said and got up and walked away without saying another word.
Julia put her head down and returned to her former state completely withdrawing into her own thoughts, her eyes fixed on the brown grass at her feet and then at the half eaten bagel in her hands. How different he seemed from the boy who had asked her to homecoming just a few weeks ago. Then he’d talked about dying without her, and now he seemed completely indifferent. Were all those emotions and hours spent together sincere? Of course they had been. Even if they hadn’t she refused to let herself think otherwise. What a change an operation can make. Where was her prince charming, the one who would go through everything with her and for whom she had given up so much? And in that moment, somewhere past her resigned self-pity, she began to hate him.
She sat on the same bench for another half hour, and hoped that the lowest, most depraved person imaginable would pass by and make her the same offer. She would agree immediately and pack all of her bags at once; she would be anyone else’s mistress just to show Scott that he was the only person in the world who she considered beneath her.
But as she turned her hatred back on herself she couldn’t imagine anyone so depraved as to be willing to take her in. It was during this time that she remembered her dreams of acting, and marriage, and happily ever after. She remembered how she would talk about them with Jason and how he never said anything to discourage her. She felt relieved that there was a part of her that could feel enough to hurt, and at the same moment she felt ashamed for that part of her that was still alive enough to be able to feel sorry for herself.
* * *
When Julia got home she was alone. In her desperate state of mind, the fact that she was still alive proved beyond a reasonable doubt to her that there was no justice in the universe. She knew that it was out of despair, not a sense of justice, that she’d locked herself in the bathroom with sleeping pills, but she’d convinced herself that everything she intended to do in that room was for the sake of justice. As she waited she found the determination to go through with what she’d decided to do slowly welling up inside of her. It came from a persistent nagging voice that, in so many ways, resembled her conscience, that constant reminder that hadn’t allowed her a moment’s peace since the operation.
“I do deserve to die,” she thought, “and not just because of the operation. The operation doesn’t have anything to do with this—it might be the least wrong thing I’ve ever done because I did it without thinking and without malice. I deserve to die because of everything else I’ve done, and because of everything I do every day, and because of everything I don’t do,” she thought. Julia began to understand the remorse that had never really left her since that day. And, knowing that no court could convict her, the legal system being concerned more with loopholes and logistics rather than with justice, she determined to take justice into her own hands, and she stared intently at the white pills that she now held. She had made sure to get enough to do the job. She had heard of people making attempts that failed and had even scoffed at those who hadn’t even been able to succeed in killing themselves. 
She wanted everything to be over, to take the pills and to sleep. “Yes,” said the nagging voice. “Take them and end all this misery, all your suffering. You deserve it.” This new thought was such a departure from everything that had been swirling through her head that it startled her, and she dropped the pills and watched them scatter across the tile floor.
“I don’t deserve to die,” she said in a barely audible voice. “I deserve to live and to suffer. That is justice!” Julia Manchell felt a small pang of excitement. She walked out into the hallway, determined to pay her debt to justice through a lifetime of suffering, abstaining from every form of happiness. She left the pills on the floor not caring if her parents found them. “Let them find them,” she thought when she looked back at the pills. “Let them ask me why they’re scattered all over the floor, and I’ll tell them everything, absolutely everything, and they’ll be furious or sad or indifferent but I won’t care, and then they’ll probably punish me because they think they have to, and that will be good too.”
She hurried to her room to decide what course her new life of suffering and penance would take. She had to resolve everything immediately, while the conviction was still scalding inside her. Julia sat in her room and determined to give herself completely over to charity. She sat down and made a list of everything she despised most in the world:
Cleaning the bathroom
Dirty homeless people on the street
The clingy people at the nursing home
Family dinners
Driving Lewis around town
Scott Beckerson
Julia hesitated before writing this last item on her list, knowing that he fit the category of things she despised, but unsure of whether he would fall under her original idea of charity. But somewhere past the hatred she could still find pity for him, if only because she knew that doing anything for him would be the worst possible punishment she could ever think of for herself.
She read over the list several times, and then said to no one in particular, “I will dedicate my life to these things and these things only.”
She wasn’t sure to whom she had made it, but felt that such a resolution should be voiced out loud, as if the force of the spoken word would bind her to it. With all the impatience and zeal of a new convert, she left the house immediately to begin work on her new life. She got in her car, turned off the music in order to maintain a somber mood, and in silence, pulled out of the driveway. She didn’t do any of the things that she thought she’d intended to do when she had left the house. Instead she drove aimlessly. She’d left with a vague idea of what she would do, but nothing definite. On the way back home she stopped at Wal-Mart and worked her way through the congestion of bodies to the school supply section where she purchased a diary, much like the journal that she had bought for Thomas a few months earlier, before he’d left for college. 
Standing in line was torment, as always. Julia tapped her foot impatiently trying to figure out why even the express checkout counters took so long, not knowing why she was in such a hurry, especially since she had been ready to put an end to her life less than an hour ago. When her turn came she was obviously exasperated and placed her item on the counter. 
The woman at the counter who scanned the diary was in her mid-twenties and looked like she had less enthusiasm for life than Julia. They exchanged meaningless pleasantries and Julia handed the woman a ten dollar bill. The woman entered $10.00 into the cash register and gave Julia the amount of change that appeared on the screen before turning to greet the next customer in line.
Julia hurried out to her car, found a pen in the glove box, and opened the diary to the first page. She started to write the date at the top of the page but hesitated. 
“Nothing happened today that I want to remember,” she thought, “at least nothing that I want to write about. Tomorrow will be a new day and I’ll make sure only to do things that I want to remember.” This made sense to Julia so she wrote the next day’s date at the top: Tuesday, November 26th. She drove outside the city limits and sat in her car for hours looking at her list. By the time she got home Monday, November 25th would be all but over; it was already too late to try and make Monday worthy of remembrance. 
When she got home she collapsed on her bed. She could count the hours of sleep she’d gotten over the past two days without going into double digits. She didn’t have anymore tears or emotions or resolutions. So she went to bed early, empty, and exhausted, and, for the first time since the day she’d had the operation, she didn’t toss and turn for hours before drifting into sleep.
Neither Peter nor Hannah found the pills Julia had left on the bathroom floor. Lewis had gone into the bathroom first and, discovering the mess his sister had made, he did something that up to that point would have been completely out of character. He collected the pills and put them back in the bottle that had also been left open on the counter and never mentioned the mess to anyone, not knowing the significance of his actions beyond the simple understanding that his big sister had been upset, and he was doing something nice for her.
Chapter 8
“The day of death is better than the day of birth. It is better to go to a house of mourning than to go to a house of feasting, for death is the destiny of every man; the living should take this to heart. Sorrow is better than laughter, because a sad face is good for the heart. The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning but the heart of fools is in the house of pleasure.” 
-King Solomon

Peter and Hannah had agreed to take the day off to work out the details of their upcoming separation. So instead of being in their respective offices on Tuesday morning, they sat at the breakfast table trying to talk through some of the arrangements, and settle as much as they could out of court.
“I don’t really care about the house, or any of this stuff for that matter. I just want my life back.” Hannah said.
“I feel the same way you do,” Peter answered. He matched her tone, even though he didn’t feel the same way she did about anything they had discussed.
“So what are we going to do with it?” Hannah asked.
“With what?”
“The house.”
“Let’s sell it and split everything down the middle. Let’s sell everything except the cars, you’ll take yours and I’ll take mine. We’ll divide up the personal stuff and sell everything of value. We can make this really simple,” Peter said. 
The phone rang and Hannah got up to answer it. He could hear her talking for about three or four minutes before she hung up and walked back into the living room.
“Who was that?” Peter asked when his wife sat down on the sofa. He still thought of her as his wife and she would be for at least a few more months. “When did I lose her?” he wondered as Hannah took her seat.
“It was Abigail.”
“What did she want?” Peter asked. He tried not to show too much interest.
“It looks like she’s going to get a position in Chicago. She’ll probably be moving at the end of the year.”
“I didn’t know she was looking for something else,” Peter said casually.
“Neither did I,” Hannah said as she put on her jacket. “But apparently she’s ready for a change of scenery.”
“Where are you going?” Peter asked.
Hannah told him that she was going to the coffee shop and let him assume that she was meeting her friend there. 
When she got to the coffee shop she ordered and sat down at a table in the corner by herself. “I need to get used to this,” she told herself. “Now that Abigail’s leaving this is going to be my life. Alone with nobody is still better than alone with him.”
She thought about her coworkers, about how everyone at the office liked her but nobody knew her. She felt like a stranger in there with all those people who she’d worked alongside every day for so many years. She wondered if anyone else felt the same way, if they ever got tired of superficial conversations as they passed by each other’s office doors, or if she was the only one. She let the loneliness eat at her, and the gnawing emptiness felt so good. She’d felt so dead inside that any sensation seemed refreshing.
“Is there something wrong with doing this to myself?” she wondered. “Is there something wrong with letting all the hurt and bitterness that’s been knocking at the door in? Is it wrong to enjoy the pain and loneliness? Do I need counseling?”
As she sipped on the steaming drink that the young girl, about Julia’s age, brought out to her, she reasoned that basking in the hurt was the only thing that kept her sane, if in fact she was still sane.
“Peter’s probably having a drink about now too,” she told herself. “And his will have more than caffeine in it.”
As she drank in the warmth she found it easier to judge her husband rather than herself. He was a coward for burying everything that had happened between them underneath the alcohol. She took another sip, both envying and pitying the young couple flirting at the table across from her.
“Maybe it will work out for them like they think it will,” she conceded, but her last two decades of experience made it hard for her to believe that they had a chance of keeping love alive.
“Everyone suffers, that’s what life here boils down to: suffering, with brief interludes that we call happiness,” she thought, but she immediately reproached herself for being so cynical. “No, there has to be something more. If there isn’t then why am I getting out of this marriage? I was truly happy once. It was so long ago I can barely remember it, like a dream, but it was real. It had to have been real because if it wasn’t then all of this is pointless. It had to be real so I can hope that I might have that again.”
* * *
Julia passed through the halls of the high school unnoticed on Tuesday. She sat quietly through her classes taking notes but never drew any attention to herself; she was the model student. When the bell rang at the end of the day Julia walked out of the building with her head held high. She found her car and pulled out her list. Julia decided to start with the most familiar item on it, but when she entered Grace Assisted Living Center, the realization swept over her that she didn’t know what she had planned on doing when she got there. She didn’t have much time to think of anything before an elderly woman immediately accosted her. 
The woman looked like everyone else in that place, brittle grey hair, a sallow face, and a thin frame with skin sagging off of her bones as her muscles shrank from atrophy. The walker served as a partial barrier between Julia and the mass of flesh that she could hardly bring herself to think of as a person. The woman looked like a holocaust victim, tucked away and left to slowly rot, while the rest of the world forgot about her existence or pretended not to notice. The woman introduced herself, though Julia couldn’t understand what she had said, and offered Julia her hand. It was cold and clammy. Julia hesitated before offering her own hand and said, in her father’s patronizing voice, that it was a pleasure to meet the old woman. The woman didn’t seem to hear, or want to let go of Julia’s hand. She clung to Julia like a drowning man clings to a life preserver. Julia noticed Susan sitting behind her desk. She was watching the predicament with obvious amusement, trying to laugh as discretely as possible.
After some time of shaking the woman’s hand one of the workers who was coming down the hallway noticed what was happening and forcefully freed Julia’s hand from the woman’s grip, and with feigned politeness, escorted the woman to her room.
“So what are you doing here this time?” Susan asked when Julia walked back into the reception room.
Julia thought about her list. It seemed so silly to her now that she was out of the house and away from the pills. She didn’t even know what she had hoped to accomplish by surrounding herself by the things she hated. 
“I came to visit my grandfather again,” she said after a moment of silence.
“You were walking down the wrong hallway so I was just wondering. You didn’t forget where his room is did you?” Susan asked.
Julia pretended that she’d forgotten the way and let the receptionist guide her to Abraham’s door. When she walked in Abraham was lying in bed writing on a clipboard.
“What are you writing?” she asked.
“My last thoughts on life,” he said.
He looked up from his clipboard and neither of them said anything right away.
“Why don’t you come in an’ sit down,” he motioned to the chair. “You can proof read it an’ tell me what you think. I’m done.”
“Of course,” Julia said. 
She pulled the chair up close to the bed and sat down. Taking the manuscript from the old gnarled hands she began to read out loud:
I received my death sentence on January 4th 1928 and was christened Abraham Thomas Manchell. I was born almost a month premature, had jaundice, and a really bad cough, and the doctors told my father that I would probably die. They were right of course but their timing was a little off.
Now that I’m lying here on what will probably be my deathbed I’ve realized that nobody ever seems to want to talk about death—the great taboo. Freud was a fool to think it was sex. People talk about sex all the time, but everybody tries to avoid mentioning death, by any means possible. I suspect that this is why I’ve been left here alone, cut off from the world as if death itself were an infectious disease and they might somehow contract it by being in the same room with a dying man.
What they don’t know or don’t want to admit to themselves is that they have already contracted it, all of them. It’s a genetic disease that has been passed down from parents to their children. They’re in denial, every last one of them and that’s why they avoid me; they know that my fate is theirs, and they can see themselves in my haggard face. To them I’m the ghost of Christmas future. They know they won’t repent or change their lives, and that even if they did, this is a fate they can’t avoid. It’s just a matter of time.
They pay the nurses well to poke their heads in from time to time and lie to me. “You’re looking good today.” They pay the nurses so that they can continue to turn a blind eye. It is an ignorance they have come to master. It would be better for them if they would see and understand. They should all drag their children away from Saturday morning cartoons and take a family outing to the funeral home, to look at the bodies of all shapes, sizes and colors, and economic backgrounds, all reduced to the same fate. It would be better still if they went to the morgue to see the fresh bodies, before embalming, to see death itself unaltered, and remember every day that this will be their fate also, a momento mori. 
At least it would have been better for me if my parents had taken me to see death, or if I hadn’t turned away from it in Korea when it was grinning at me. I would have looked for meaning. I would have gone to Tibet to live with the monks, and to Calcutta to see Mother Teresa’s orphanage. I would have looked under every rock for joy and suffering—yes suffering too because there is meaning in it. But instead I chased after every comfort that numbed sensation altogether. That seems to be the goal of all people now, to feel nothing at all. That’s the real reason they invented television and medicine. They all think they want to feel joy, to live life to the fullest, but what they’ve learned is that the Buddha was right to say that life is suffering, and they don’t want that. They want comfort over life. They think they’re just trying to avoid discomfort but it’s life they’re really afraid of. They do everything they can to get away from it, to numb all sensation.
The girl who works at the receptionist’s desk came in yesterday with my painkillers, and when I told her that I didn’t want them she seemed shocked at first then she explained to me, in a condescending tone, that they would make me feel better. Through my wheezing I tried to tell her that they would make me feel less, make me feel nothing at all—they would kill me before my time and I wanted to live, but she must not have understood because she only smiled, laid her hand on my shoulder and said: “They’re FDA approved. They won’t do any harm. Here I’ll help you take them.” And that’s what she did. I don’t even have a choice anymore. I want to feel something and they want me to be just as dead as they are.
I think it’s because they’re afraid of the living. They prefer to see life on the movie screen because when suffering is right in front of them they don’t know how to handle it. To make it worse they think that anyone who thinks differently is crazy. The woman down the hall doesn’t want to take her medicine either because it makes her feel not like herself, but just like me she doesn’t have a choice. They force her. They don’t say that they force her but they do. People are so convinced that numbness is the only legitimate lifestyle that they won’t let us feel what we want to feel. I want to feel what that boy felt when he was dying for me so quietly. I said he was dying, but he was more alive than I’ve been in years, than I’ve ever been
I don’t want the pills that make the physical pain go away. I don’t want the television that makes me forget that I’ve lived such a poor life. I don’t want the distractions that make me forget that nobody cares that I’m rotting here all alone. I want to feel the pain in my chest when I cough. I want to feel the loneliness. Does that make me crazy? But I reject any other notion of sanity. I just want to experience something real again at the end of a poorly spent life. If only they would leave me alone to think about death and die the way I want to die. I wish they would let me live even if it’s just for a little while.
Julia read the pages while Abraham waited patiently.
“So what do you think?” he asked when she looked up from the clipboard.
“Momento Mori? Buddha?” Julia asked.
“I’m not as ignorant as you thought. I’ve had a lot a’ time to read in here. But what do you really think?”
“I think you’re right grandpa,” she began, “I think you’re exactly right. I’ve been thinking about life lately too, and nothing makes sense to me except this.” Julia held up her grandfather’s clipboard. “I’ve been thinking about life lately because—I don’t know how to say this—because, well, I might have killed something, or someone.”
“What do you mean by ‘might’ve’? Either you did or you didn’t. There ain’t much grey in a thing like that. Is this person still alive?” Abraham asked.
“No, this person isn’t still alive,” Julia confessed.
“An’ was it somethin’ you did that made it so this person ain’t alive anymore?” Abraham showed no signs of compassion, and Julia shuddered before answering him.
“Yes, it was because of something I did.”
“Then it sounds a lot ta me like you killed him.”
“So what should I do, grandpa?”
“Well it looks ta me like you can either turn yourself in an’ take the prison time that the court gives you, or you can try ta cover it up an’ live all the days a’ your life carryin’ that secret ‘round with you until you end up in this bed where I am, an’ then you can lay here awake at nights an’ think ‘bout how you lived all those years carryin’ that burden an’ what it would’ve been like if you hadn’t. But maybe you won’t be lucky like me. Maybe nobody will come by ta listen ta you confess, an’ you’ll be there tryin’ ta tell the nurse ‘bout what you done but she’ll just listen politely, which really means she’s not listenin’ at all.”
“But the kind of killing I did isn’t illegal,” Julia said, not wanting to address the second option that her grandfather had described to her.
“Don’t tell me you’re all conflicted over killin’ some animal.”
“No it was a human,”
“Well was it in self-defense?’
“No.”
“Then how wasn’t it illegal?”
“Because it was a baby, not even a baby. It was just a fetus so it wasn’t illegal. I was . . . I had an operation.”
The tired old eyes looked at her intently as they lay there in that bed. The television, muted, still flickered images in the background.
“Is it wrong, Grandpa? Is what I did wrong? I don’t care if it’s legal I just have to know if it’s wrong.”
“I don’t know why you think I’m an expert on this sort a’ thing. Ask some an’ they’ll say yes; ask others an’ they’ll say no. I know what I used ta think, but I’m not even sure ‘bout that anymore, an’ even if I was that doesn’t matter a hill of beans. You’ve got ta decide for yourself. You can’t let anyone else tell you what’s wrong fer you. What do you think? Was what you did wrong?”
“I don’t know,” Julia said, almost believing herself. 
“Hearin’ you talk it sure sounds like you do,” Abraham said callously.
“I feel an emptiness inside, and it won’t go away no matter what I do.”
“I know all ‘bout feelin’ empty inside,” Abraham said.
“How do you live with it? How do you live knowing that you have blood on your hands? Or if I don’t have blood on my hands it at least feels like I do,” Julia said barely managing to fight back sobs.
“Just like everybody else with problems, one day at a time. Everybody’s done wrong, an’ here you are, all in a bind over somethin’ you think might’ve been wrong. So don’t go blubberin’ like you’re the only one who’s got somethin’ weighin’ on their conscience.”
“I’m going to make up for it,” Julia said resolutely. “I’m not going to live the rest of my life with this guilt. I’m going to help people and live a good life from now on.”
“An’ you really think that even if you don’t forget ‘bout living a good life, an’ you do what you think you’re goin’ ta do, you really believe the guilt will go away?”
“I don’t know. I mean I think so. I hope so.”
“Good luck then.”
Julia interpreted her grandfather’s tone to be one of finality. She got up to leave but stopped at the door.
“Does it go away?” she asked.
The tired old eyes that looked back at her conveyed a heavy sadness.
“Will you come with me?” she asked.
“Go where?”
“I don’t know but I don’t want to go out alone. I’ve felt like I’ve been alone ever since . . . for a long time now. I’ll take you wherever you want to go.”
“You can take me ta my storage shed. I want ta look through all a’ my old stuff. I’ve got pictures and memories in there that I want ta see one more time.
“That sounds like a good idea,” Julia said and helped Abraham to detach all of the cords, hoses, and sensors that held him captive in that bed. He looked like a fish caught in a net, but Julia managed to free him from the tangled mess, and afterwards she helped him stand up. He had a hard time walking at first, but his legs hadn’t completely atrophied. With Julia’s help he managed to get through the door and into the hallway. He leaned on the white wall, and with Julia’s help he staggered down the hall, slowly making his way to the front door. Julia held on to her grandfather tightly, as she helped him forward.
“What are you doing? You can’t take him out! He could die out there!” Susan exclaimed when she saw the pair making their way outside.
“He could die in here too,” Julia answered. “It’s not like all those cords are what’s keeping him alive at this point. The doctors are just as baffled as anyone about his condition. For all we know some fresh air might help him get better.”
Susan didn’t seem to be buying Julia’s argument.
“This isn’t a prison. We’re goin’ out one way or the other,” Abraham said in a steady voice.
Susan pushed the button on the receptionist’s desk that unlocked the door. The mechanical door slowly opened on its own initiative, and Julia and Abraham walked out of the building and into the sunlight. 
* * *
Thirty minutes after Thomas and Jessica got out of Dr. Bowman’s class they were sitting on Thomas’s bed sharing childhood memories. Thomas went on for some time about the antics he and his friends had pulled when he was growing up. Jessica listened and seemed to be amused, but at the same time was unmistakably aloof.
“What was growing up like for you?” he finally asked.
“I grew up with my uncle after my parents died,” Jessica began. “He was a decent man but didn’t have much ‘self-control’, and living with him was difficult.”
Thomas wanted to ask Jessica how her parents died and what she meant by “self-control” but resisted his curious urge and listened.
“I guess that’s why I grew up calloused toward the notion of true love and all of that other idealism that most of the girls around here still have. When you’ve gone through all that you’re only interested in surviving—and forgetting. I wish someone would hurry up and invent a pill that could make us forget. That would be a stronger painkiller than anything else on the market, if we could all just forget everything we’ve done and everything we’ve been through.”
“You wouldn’t want to forget me?” Thomas asked.
“Of course not. You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me,” Jessica said, and she sat up to hug his neck and kiss him on the cheek.
“What if you had the choice to forget everything bad, but you had to forget all the good too. If you could wake up tomorrow morning and not remember anything at all, would it be worth it to forget?”
“In a heartbeat. In my case there aren’t exactly a lot of good memories to lose,” Jessica answered.
“I wouldn’t ever want to forget you,” Thomas said putting his arm around her. 
“You don’t know what it’s like. You can’t understand because you’ve never been through all of that,” Jessica said, and pulled away from him.
“I would if you’d tell me. Why can’t you just say it plainly so I can understand? I want to understand; I want to share everything with you.”
“That’s exactly what I like about you. You don’t understand. I wish I didn’t. You can still go through your life hoping to make the world a better place, but all of that seems impossible and cliché to me because I understand. I’ve seen what this world really is, and I know that no matter what I do it’s never going to be anything but what it is. Even though you like the idea that ‘good’ and ‘better’ can’t exist without universal standards, you still hope to see a better world—if that makes any sense. What it comes down to is that you don’t understand, and so you can still be passionate about life. Why would I tell you all of the horrible things that go on in real life to real people? I love you because none of that stuff has touched you. You’re like a little sliver of a dream that exists outside reality. And I hope that reality doesn’t ever catch up to you, because as long as it doesn’t I’ll have something to hold on to.”
Thomas didn’t say anything, and Jessica leaned into him so he could hold her again.
* * *
“It’s really cold out here grandpa. Are you sure you want to do this now? If you caught a cold or something it might be enough to, you know.” Julia was legitimately concerned for the health of her grandfather as they sat in the parked Mustang. Julia had left the windows up and the heater on to block out the bitter wind that blew in the world outside the car.
“Bodies weren’t made ta live forever. We try to make ‘em, but we’re really just hidin’ from death. I’m done hidin’ an’ I’m not afraid anymore. It’ll come fer me when it’s good an’ ready, an’ there’s not much left I can do now ta postpone it. I’ve just got some stuff I want ta do ‘fore it gets here.”
Abraham was resolute so Julia didn’t object.
“At least put on my jacket,” she said and took it off to hand it to the aging man. She got out of the car, walked around to open his door, and helped him out. The icy winter air nipped at her bare arms, making her all the more glad that she had given Abraham her jacket. Soon the two of them were standing at the locked door of Abraham’s storage unit. The wind whipped around them as Abraham fumbled with the key, trying to turn it in the lock.
“Let me,” Julia said, and after jiggling the key got it to turn. She took the lock off and slid the huge doors apart to open the unit. The concrete floor was littered with hastily stacked boxes and other knickknacks that had fallen into the spaces between the leaning cardboard towers. Julia didn’t hesitate to step into the chaotic mess and get out of the wind. Abraham wasn’t as quick to follow.
“What’s the matter?” Julia asked. “Come in and get out of the wind.”
“The cold don’t bother me so much as the memories. It’s easier ta be cold out here than ta have ta go in an’ face all a’ that,” Abraham said pointing to the disarray inside the storage unit.
“Get in here, Grandpa,” Julia said and took him by the arm and led him into the shelter. She slid the double doors part way shut to block out as much of the wind as possible without shutting themselves in completely.
“What’s the matter?” she asked again, beginning to regret having brought her grandfather out on such a cold day.
“I’ve been puttin’ this off fer a long time. Fer so long that I’d all but convinced myself that I wouldn’t ever get ‘round ta it,” Abraham said, and opened the first of the cardboard boxes.
“Get around to what?” Julia asked.
“Ta goin’ through all a’ this an’ takin’ an honest look at what I did with my life, how I wasted it all on stuff that doesn’t matter, all this junk. Look, all my life is here wastin’ away, completely forgotten in this little cell.”
Abraham started to say something else, but he lost his train of thought as he looked at the contents of the box he had just opened.
“I thought you an’ Lewis were goin’ ta come an’ get this?” Abraham said as he pulled an old rifle out of its place in a worn out cardboard box. 
“I meant to bring him, but we never got around to it. I didn’t have enough time,” Julia said sheepishly.
“Let me tell you,” Abraham began in a didactic tone that Julia would have tuned out if it had come from anyone else. “There are some things in this life that you just have ta get ‘round ta. An’ it might be that you have ta make time fer them. Time won’t start fallin’ into your lap until you’re too old an’ decrepit ta do anythin’ with it. If somethin’s really important ta you you’ll make time fer it.”
“What do you mean grandpa?” Julia asked.
“You make time ta go ta school don’t ya?”
“Yes.”
“So you’ve made school a priority ‘cause you feel like it’s an obligation. When you woke up you could’ve come here or gone ta school, an’ when you decided ta go to school ‘stead of coming out here you made school a higher priority. An’ that was probably the right decision, but people always have time fer the stuff they really want ta do. The line ‘bout not havin’ enough time is just a way that they lie ta themselves, so they can feel better ‘bout what kind a’ person they are, or at least put off feelin’ bad ‘bout it.”
“I’m glad that we came here,” Julia said, breaking off Abraham’s monologue.
“Me too.”
“Do you want me to take the rifle to Lewis? I can do it without anyone knowing, and we could hide it under my bed or up in the attic.”
“No. Let him remember on his own if he wants it. I don’t think he does. Ta be honest with you, I think that boy goes from one whim ta the next so quick that he doesn’t ever have time ta find out what he really wants. But you’re old enough that you should take this.”
Abraham pulled out an old book from one of the boxes and put it in Julia’s hand, and as he did she noticed how much younger and more careless her hands were than his own; they didn’t show any traces of the wrinkly trenches that care and time had worn into her grandfather’s body. She examined the old leather-bound Bible. The light that came in through the cracked door was dim, but she could still read the name, Peter J. Thompson, that was written in gold letters in the bottom right corner and stood out against the tattered black cover.
“When you’re through with it you can bring it back ta me. I’m ‘bout finished with my western, an’ I’m goin’ ta need somethin’ ta read when I get done.”
“I will,” Julia told him.
“I’ve had all the memories a soul can take fer one day. An’ we’d better get back before I catch cold an’ they blame you fer killin’ your poor old grandfather.”
Julia assisted Abraham as they walked back to the car and helped him get in before closing the door behind him. When she got in she turned up the heater as high as it would go and drove back to the nursing home.
Julia speculated that Susan would be very anxious for them to get back, and when they arrived Susan’s reaction confirmed her suspicions. She was the only person at the receptionist’s desk, and she jumped up to help Julia get Abraham to his room. By that point he was struggling tremendously from so much activity. When they finally got him back into his bed Julia tried to apologize to Susan for keeping him out so long.
“Don’t you apologize,” Abraham said as harshly as he could in his weakened state. “I don’t regret tonight so you shouldn’t either. I only regret not livin’ like him, an’ he’d a helped an old man go be with his memories.” At this Abraham pointed to the gold lettering on the worn out cover of the book that Julia had brought into the nursing home with her. “I meant ta live like him ‘cause he was a good person, a fine man. He was the finest I ever met, an’ I knew that the world needed a man like that, an’ he got stolen away too soon. This isn’t the kind a’ world that can afford ta lose those types. I should’ve been more like him.”
Julia set the book next to her grandfather on the bed and turned around. She saw that Susan was still lingering in the doorway.
“Don’t you leave that fer me,” Abraham called out. “It’s a little late fer me ta live a good life, an’ ‘sides, I said I was goin’ ta finish my western first. You take that an’ bring it by when you’re done, just like we agreed.”
“Of course Grandpa,” Julia said and tucked the book under her arm. 
“Do me a favor,” Abraham called out as she was leaving.
“What?”
“When you have ta make a tough decision, an’ one way looks right, an’ the other way seems easier, think ‘bout which choice you’re more likely ta regret in the morning, or five years down the road, an’ then do the other one, the one you won’t regret when your old like me. An’ if you do what you know is right, don’t ever let yourself regret it, even if it turns out bad. You just do the same right thing the next time. That’s how I wish I’d lived my life. An’ that’s why I don’t regret goin’ out in the cold tonight, an’ I don’t want you ta regret it either, even if I catch cold an’ die from it, don’t you regret takin’ me, ‘cause it was right, an’ it’ll still be right even if bad comes a’ it. You understand what I’m saying?”
“I understand Grandpa,” Julia said and left the room, gently closing the door behind her. Susan walked with her down the hall, but neither of them had anything to say. All the same, Julia appreciated her company and gave her a quick hug as she said thank you.
“When you work here it’s not hard to convince someone to let you cover the first part of their shift,” Susan answered.
“You stayed late for us?” Julia asked.
“Don’t worry about it,” Susan insisted. “I’m not doing anything special tonight. Just going out with a friend.”
“Still, I’m sorry,” Julia said as she slid through the double doors.
Chapter 9
“Shards of Glass”
My parents kept a broken mirror in our attic.
It was tall, taller than me,
at least it was when I was young.
I can still see the neglected red frame, broken. 
Most of the glass lay scattered on the floor
in front of and behind the almost empty frame.
A few jagged shards still clung to the edges
Providing enough reflection to see
Bits and pieces but never all of me at once.
I would go and look
at my broken reflection in the broken glass.
I went to the attic often,
when I got in trouble, 
or when my father got drunk,
to hide from him until he stopped yelling.
As I hid I wondered:
Who broke it?
Why keep a broken mirror?
The questions nagged me but I never dared ask
for fear that I would expose 
my hideaway, my secret hiding place 
in the shadow of that well kept secret.
But I longed to look into the full-length mirror
and see my full-length reflection,
instead of fragments of face and feet
and a gaping hole that revealed dusty boxes
where chest and heart should be.

That afternoon, after Hannah had left so abruptly, Peter went to the office. He had every intention of working late again when Stanly called.
“I’m on my way back from visiting one of our retail locations and thought that you and I could take off work early to go play a round of golf?” he suggested.
“I don’t play golf,” Peter said.
“You can learn. I’ve got an extra set of clubs that you can use, and we can try to sneak in a few holes before this cold front comes through.”
“Why don’t we meet up at Murphy’s instead,” Peter suggested.
“I can do that, but only if you’re completely against the idea of golf and green fairways and fresh air.”
“I am,” Peter said firmly.
“Okay then. I’ll meet you there.”
When Peter walked into Murphy’s, Stanly was already sitting at the bar. Peter sat down next to him and asked the bartender for something with whisky. Stanly stuck with beer. Stanly happened to have found a seat next to an attractive blonde woman. She was young, a lot younger than Hannah. Peter sipped his drink and tried his best to ignore her. “Even if you weren’t married she’d be too young,” he told himself.
“I’ll have another,” she said, holding up her empty glass to the bartender.
“What are you drinking?” Peter asked. He hadn’t meant to talk to her but the words flew out of his mouth before he could stop them.
“Nothing special,” the blonde woman said flatly. 
Her friend, who wasn’t quite as attractive, added, “It depends on who you’re drinking it with.” Peter hadn’t noticed the second woman until then, but turned his attention to her simply because she seemed more responsive. 
“Do you two come here often?” he asked. He couldn’t believe those words had come out of his mouth. 
The friend laughed and said, “All the time.” 
The blonde woman laughed too, though Peter didn’t know why, and she shifted in her seat so that she could whisper something into her friend’s ear. In doing so she turned her back to Peter.
Peter turned his attention back to his drink, feeling ashamed at himself, mostly because of how pathetic his attempt at flirting had been, partly because the blonde was so much younger than him, and a little bit because of Hannah. The blonde woman finished her drink and both women got up from the bar.
“Goodbye,” the friend said, laughing a little and leaning in close enough for him to smell her perfume.
“Do you know what’s great about alcohol?” Peter asked Stanly when the women were out of sight.
“Lots of things, but what did you have in mind?” Stanly answered in the jovial tone that he reserved for long evenings spent drinking.
“When you get enough of it in your system it makes you forget everything that’s wrong with your life. You pay for it in the morning, but it’s worth it for a few hours without any worries.”
“I’ll drink to that,” Stanly said, and they both took a drink. 
When they had finished their drinks they ordered another round.
“So what sort of troubles are you drinking away this time?” Stanly asked when the bartender set the glasses down in front of them. 
“Hannah’s leaving me.”
It felt so good to finally say it, to tell someone so the secret would finally stop burning inside him, and it had only taken one drink to loosen him up enough. If he’d waited until after the second or third he might have even been able to use the “D” word. The one he hadn’t said at all, not even to himself. The one that he would certainly have to face when he signed the papers, unless they were full of legal jargon and used some euphemism like “dissolution of marriage,”
“You mean you two are getting . . .”
“Yeah,” Peter said, before Stanly could finish.
“I’m sorry man; that’s awful. But if you need a place to stay for a while you can always crash with me. The couch pulls out into a bed and I’ve got plenty of food in the fridge.”
“Thanks for the offer, but Hannah and I are going to stay in the house together until Julia leaves for college. We’re not even telling the kids until after Christmas, you know, let them enjoy the holidays.”
“Is that why you’ve been hitting the bottle so hard lately? You know that people noticed the other day when you ordered whisky at lunch.”
“What are you saying?”
“I’m all for drinking away problems. You know that as well as anyone, but maybe this isn’t the sort of thing that goes away the next morning with the hangover.” Stanly’s jovial tone had disappeared.
“Forget you. I wake up in the morning depressed because my life’s in shambles, and all I want to do is come here, get drunk, and have a few hours away from this life I’m stuck living in, and you get all philosophical on me,” Peter shouted. He took another drink to spite his companion.
“I’m just saying that alcohol might not be the best answer. If you’re depressed they’ve got medication for that, but getting drunk’s only going to make things worse.”
Peter downed his second drink—he wished that it had been stronger—left enough to pay his tab, and turned to walk away. He could hear Stanly’s voice behind him saying that he was only trying to help, but he ignored it as he walked out of the bar and into the crisp autumn air.
* * *
Lewis was alone in the house when Peter got home. He raced to the front door when he heard the car pulling into the driveway. He watched as his father got out of the car and staggered through the courtyard towards the front door.
Lewis could tell that he was drunk as soon as he saw him step out of the car. He hadn’t seen his father walk like that and he didn’t fully understand what was wrong, but somehow, instinctively, he knew what those swaying steps meant. He ran into the study, which had been Thomas’s old bedroom and opened the hatch in the ceiling that led to the attic. He pulled the ladder down and climbed up the steps as fast as he could. His heart was racing and his hands were sweaty as he tried to pull up the ladder and shut the door behind him. His father might already be in the house, so he knew that he had to do everything without making any noises that might give him away, and this made the procedure all the more difficult. 
Thomas had shown him the opening to the attic, which had been all but forgotten by the other members of the household, when they were moving boxes out of his room. Lewis had hidden in the attic on a few occasions, but this time Lewis felt a new sense of urgency. He managed to shut the hatch behind him and crawl into the canopy of blankets that he had arranged before he heard his father’s voice calling out from below. 
“Julia? Lewis? Hannah? Is anybody here?” 
Lewis could hear heavy footsteps.
“Lewis where are you? I know you’re here. I saw you at the front door when I pulled up. Don’t be afraid. You can come out. I’m not mad; I just want to tell you that I love you.”
Lewis didn’t know if he should believe his father, but it didn’t matter. Even if he did believe him, he was too afraid to move and wouldn’t want to give away his hiding place. So he sat in his tent and waited. 
* * *
Thomas was lying on his bed with one arm wrapped around Jessica and running his fingers through her hair with the other.
“I know that my childhood was pretty easy,” he began, “but I’ve been through enough to be able to have an idea of what it was like for you.”
“Really?” Jessica asked. She pulled away and rolled over to face him. She propped her head up in her palm and waited for Thomas to continue.
“When I was a little kid my father used to come home drunk sometimes. He never tried to hurt me but he was really rough. For a long time I was terrified of him, even when he wasn’t drunk, just because of the memory of the way he acted when he was. There was an opening in the ceiling in my room that led to the attic and I would go up there to hide.”
“Did you ever talk about it?” Jessica asked.
“It was a long time ago. It was just a bad habit he picked up in college,” Thomas explained.
“What was a bad habit?”
“His drinking. Mom explained it to me once. She said that it started at parties and only happened every now and then. He stopped drinking when my little brother was born. But that’s why I don’t drink at parties, or at least why I didn’t when I first started going, because I don’t want to be like that if I ever have kids.”
“You’re right. It’s not as bad as what I went through, but at least you know what I mean about wanting to be able to forget it,” Jessica said. Her tone became more playful, as if she didn’t want to discuss serious matters any more.
“No. I wouldn’t ever want to forget that if it helps me to understand where you’ve come from, if it helps me not to end up like my dad,” Thomas responded. He wondered how innocently the habit had started for his father.
“Good answer mister,” Jessica said playfully, and she let Thomas pull her close to him.
* * *
From the coffee shop, Hannah went shopping. She thought about going to see a movie but couldn’t bring herself to go into the theater alone. “I’m not that pathetic, at least not yet,” she told herself. When she got home the kids were nowhere to be found, and Peter was lying in her bed—which was still technically his bed also—watching television. All she really wanted to do was lie down next to him, but she couldn’t bring herself to do anything with that man. Instead, she went into the bathroom to take a shower. She opened the glass door and turned on the water. She tried to listen to what was going on just a few feet away in her bedroom while she got undressed, but she couldn’t hear anything more than muffled coughing. She got into the shower and closed the door behind her. She ran her hand along the textured glass that allowed light to pass into the shower but distorted the images of everything outside.
“Why do we still have the same bed?” she asked herself as the hot water washed over her. “I guess it’s because we’re not really upset with each other. We’ve had a few more arguments than usual, but nothing really out of the ordinary.” She could hear the fake laughter in the background. It must have come from the cued audience that had been present when the sitcom was filmed. She thought she heard Peter’s laugh mingled with theirs but couldn’t distinguish between the two because of the water that crashed down on her from the showerhead. In the end she told herself that they were only sharing a bed to maintain appearances, and that after they announced their decision they would get separate ones even if they kept living in the same house.
When she got out of the shower she opened her medicine cabinet, pushed aside the Tylenol and Advil, and grabbed the bottle with her new prescription that was behind them. She took a glance at the bathroom door to make sure it was locked. She could still hear the television in the bedroom. She swallowed two of the purple pills, put the cap back on the bottle, and placed it back in the cabinet. She moved the other painkillers back in front of the bottle before opening the bathroom door and walking into the bedroom where Peter was still watching television.
She didn’t care about him anymore and let herself flop on the bed next to him like she had wanted to do when she first got home. Peter maintained his end of the unspoken agreement and didn’t say anything, or even acknowledge his wife’s presence as she lay there next to him.
“How much longer do I have to endure this? What kind of a person can just lay there next to me ignoring the fact that everything in our life is so far from right, as if not addressing the situation makes it go away.”
The thought ran through both of their minds as they lay next to each other on the comfortable king-sized mattress in an unspoken, but understood hostility. Hannah looked at her watch to see what the date was even though she knew perfectly well that today was Tuesday November 26th. Making a calendar and counting down the days would be tacky, so she contented herself with doing the math every day. This had become her coping mechanism whenever she felt like she was drowning, when she needed to remind herself that the end was in sight, that the date was fixed and would soon arrive, regardless of what happened in the remaining interval of time that crept along so slowly.
“Yes, the end is coming soon,” she told herself as she lay next to her husband in awkward silence. “Not only is it coming soon, but it’s coming because I took action, because I finally did something.” She was proud of herself for not taking the abuse anymore—not that Peter had ever hurt her.
“But the other abuse, the kind that can’t be seen in bruises or bumps in the morning, that’s far worse than what those other women go through,” Hannah told herself. “It’s too hard to see through the façade with the type of abuse he put me through, and it’s harder to justify running from what he does, and it’s too easy to avoid letting the truth of the matter sink in. But it’s still abuse.”
With that thought Hannah got up and walked across the room to the bookshelf. Peter turned his head lethargically to see what she was doing, but soon turned his attention back to the soft glow of the monitor. Hannah surveyed the mass of books that they had accumulated over the years and realized that the majority of them had gone unread. She knew it was because quiet evenings spent reading on the sofa had been replaced by driving the kids to a myriad of extracurricular activities. The desire to be well read had never been genuine, and the books had been bought only because reading them would help them conform to some image they’d formed of what a good upstanding citizen should be.
“I’m going to start reading again,” she told herself as she perused the selection that had collected dust for so many years. “It’ll make the time go faster and I can get out of the house to do it.”
Hannah Manchell took Walden Pond off the shelf, tucked it into her purse, and left the house. The wind was especially chilly and she buttoned the top button on her overcoat. She walked up a block and then down the unkempt alleyway that led to the well-kempt park where, she had been able to assume with some certainty, she would be completely alone. And, as she sat down on the bench that overlooked empty swings swaying ever so slightly in the cold breeze, she was.
* * *
Thomas, sipped his coffee, leaned back in his chair, and propped his shoulders against the wall, content with himself or, more accurately, content with his explanation of such a complex idea. He waited for either John or Mark to respond as he sat with his two friends and a stack of books at what had become their usual seat on the terrace just outside the Small Talk Coffee House. It was a popular place to study, or to frequent with the intention of studying, and the terrace was alive with the buzz of students carrying on lively conversations.
“Why don’t you go ahead and kill yourself then?” Mark suggested. 
“What?” Thomas asked. He was a little surprised at his friend’s forwardness.
“If all that junk’s true, then you might as well end it all now,” Mark continued.
“I just hadn’t ever thought about it like that,” Thomas confessed.
“Hey, we’ve all got a lot of work to do,” John said and their attention turned back to the textbooks and notes they had brought with them.
* * *
The dying sun shone out beautifully as Julia drove down the interstate on her way back from the nursing home. Those last beams of light danced in the atmosphere and painted the clouds and the sky all shades of oranges and reds. The display matched the colors of the dying leaves that fell from the trees and got caught in the chain link fences that kept them from cluttering the four lanes of asphalt. 
Julia, for a change, took a moment to admire the sight. Everything around her seemed bright and beautiful, even the man at an exit ramp who was bundled up in a ratty brown corduroy jacket along the side of the road with his thumb sticking up in the air. She’d passed people like that a thousand times without giving it any thought but this time she pulled over to the side of the road and rolled down her window, something she never thought she would do, not alone on the interstate, not at night. But something inside her told her that it would be okay just this once.
“I’m only going another couple miles up the road but you’re welcome to ride that far,” Julia said as the man with dark curly hair and crooked teeth approached the car. It was hard for her not to be afraid, not to judge him by the stereotype. The man folded his arms, put his elbows inside the open window, and leaned into the car. Julia could smell the foul odor that could only have come from weeks without washing away the muck and grime and the stench of the city.
“I really need to go further than that miss,” he said.
Julia didn’t know how to respond. In her shock she let her foot slip off of the brake pedal and the automatic transmission caused the car to lurch forward.
“Sorry,” Julia said as the man staggered back a step from the jolt.
“Don’t worry ‘bout it,” he said sticking his head back in the window. “I don’t mind because you’re a sweet gal, and you’re going to take me where I need to go.” 
As he spoke he produced a knife from the ratty jacket. It was at least four inches long and serrated on the bottom. Julia barely caught a glimpse of the sharpened metal, but that was all it took to burn its image into her mind. Without thinking her foot found the accelerator. She heard a thud in her left ear that she assumed was the man’s head hitting the door. When she looked in her rearview mirror she saw him lying on the shoulder of the road, dead, unconscious, faking, she didn’t know or care. Her heart was going faster than her Mustang for the next few miles until she passed a police officer writing someone a ticket on the eastbound lane. 
“Should I report what happened?” Julia wondered. It was the first rational thought to cross her mind since that sharpened metal had shown itself inside her car. And if it hadn’t been for the median separating her from the patrol car she might have stopped. “No. I’m fine and it would just bring him back into my life.” She reminded herself of the cases of burglars breaking into houses and suing when they got hurt. And there was always the possibility that the man was alive; then everything would come down to her word against his. “There’s no guarantee of justice. And besides, nothing really happened. I just decided not to give him a ride. Just keep driving,” she told herself.
The mustang and her mind had slowed down enough for Julia to realize that there was blood on her left arm. She didn’t want to pull over to try and stop the bleeding, so she ignored the problem until she was safely in her driveway. Once she had turned off the engine, she reached into the backseat and with her right hand felt around until she found the Handy Wipes that she always kept in the car. She cleaned the cut, which was really no more than a scratch that had bled profusely because of the intense pounding of her heart. 
She looked around the car and noticed more blood on her door where the man’s head must have hit. She sat in the car for several minutes taking deep breaths. The thought of AIDS crossed her mind even though there was only a small smear of blood on the door. She knew that even if he was infected that there was no way his blood could have gotten inside her cut, but logic wasn’t enough for her to shake the fear. She grabbed the dead boy’s Bible and took a deep breath.
When Julia opened the door to step out onto the concrete driveway she heard the dull clanking of metal and saw the four inch blade lying on the ground next to her foot, reflecting the artificial light coming from her car. “He must have dropped it when he hit his head,” she thought. She picked up the knife, using only her index finger and thumb, and set it down just inside the driver’s door. She watched it slide under her seat and out of sight with every intention of disposing of it later. She didn’t want that thing in her car, but the thought of holding it in her hand, touching it again, or deciding what to do with it, repulsed her even more. She added the man’s knife to the list of things that she wanted to forget forever, if only it would disappear and she would never have to look at it again or ever recall it. She closed the car door and went straight to her room, responding to her mother’s cheery welcome in an exasperated tone that indicated that she wanted to be alone.
As Julia sat at her desk she stared at the leather bound book next to her, unable to justify such a horrible world to the possibility of there being a good God. Neither could she justify the boy who had died for her grandfather in Korea. 
“It’s all wrong. What’s the matter with this ---- place?” she wrote in her diary. It was the first entry she had made since the night she purchased it. Her first impulse was to write everything as she thought it without sanitizing her language. She’d sanitized every word that had ever come out of her mouth, and she knew that nobody else would ever read it to know what words she really thought. She wanted to remember everything in the ugly passionate detail that she was feeling in the moment, without a veneer of politeness. Despite all of this, she still couldn’t bring herself to write out the word but felt that, despite her use of dashes, the slightly sanitized entry would still capture most of her emotion.
“Nothing makes sense about this place,” she continued. The black ink flowed out of her ornate pen and onto the dingy pages. “It doesn’t make any sense to try and fix anything, because it’s always going to be the same. It doesn’t make any sense to love it or hate it, because in the end we’re all going to end up rotting away in a grave—or worse, well preserved for centuries in a concrete vault under a headstone. I could be on my way to the cemetery now if things had gone just a little differently tonight, and I was only trying to help. If I hadn’t gotten scared and hit the gas I would be spending the rest of time lying in a coffin, not feeling anything. Maybe that wouldn’t be so bad though, not with the way I’ve felt lately. I can’t make sense out of anything and I’m to the point that I don’t even want to try anymore.”
Julia couldn’t find the words to really describe the empty, confused, angry, feeling that had been welling up inside of her since the incident. She resisted the urge to scribble over the page in her frustration. Closing the diary, she got up from her desk and threw herself on the bed. She gripped the pillow and held on tight. She couldn’t resist the desire to have something to hold onto and wished that the pillow were her mother, or Sara, or even Jason. 
She lay awake that night and wished oblivion would come and take her, but even sleep eluded her, and when it finally came, she had a horrible dream about a man with a knife stabbing her stomach through her open car window. She woke up in a cold sweat. The alarm read 5:34, and instead of trying to go back to sleep she got out of bed and took a long shower. 
When she got out of the shower she opened her diary and wrote:
Wednesday, November 27th
“If I hadn’t ever given up on Jason to go to homecoming with Scott, we wouldn’t have ever done anything, and I wouldn’t have ever had the operation, which means I wouldn’t have gone to see Grandpa in the nursing home, which means we wouldn’t have gone to the storage shed, and I wouldn’t have been driving back home that night, and I wouldn’t have had my head filled up with stuff about helping people, and I would have had the sense to never even considered stopping for that man, and none of yesterday would have happened. The funny thing is I don’t even know if I regret it. But I do wish it could have been different. I’m only eighteen and, more than anything else in the world, I wish my life had turned out differently.
Chapter 10 
At other times my soul suffers from what I should call attacks of foolishness, and I seem to be doing neither good nor evil, but to be going with the crowd, as they say. I experience neither torment nor bliss. I do not care if I live or die, suffer pleasure or pain; I do not seem to feel anything. The soul seems to me like a little ass that feeds and keeps alive on the food that is given to it, but eats it without reflection.
-Teresa of Avila

Later in the evening Thomas found himself sitting in the Small Talk Coffee Shop. He didn’t know the man who sat across from him, though he seemed strangely familiar. Thomas had sat down by himself at his usual seat on the terrace and the stranger had approached him, and asked if he could sit down. Thomas agreed and soon found himself engaged in a heated philosophical debate. He folded his arms across his chest, feeling content with having explained the same idea that Mark had challenged earlier. He waited for the stranger.
“Why don’t you go ahead and kill yourself then?” the stranger suggested. The stranger revealed his strong accent, maybe European, which Thomas had not noticed before in his glee at having found a willing listener—or had the stranger found him; Thomas couldn’t remember anymore. Now the stranger sat up straight in his chair, and the edges of his lips curled into an expression that Thomas would hardly have considered a smile. This expression startled Thomas and made him take note of his new companion. The stranger was dressed in fine black slacks and a white button up shirt smattered with a few faint stains, which had been bleached so many times that they were now only visible to someone who looked closely. He was well groomed and sat up straight. But above all Thomas noted the prideful arrogance that he seemed to exude.
After a considerable amount of thinking Thomas finally responded to the stranger’s suggestion: “Of course it’s logical in the end, and who’s to say I won’t—maybe I will; why not?”
“You won’t,” the stranger said, with a hint of disappointment in his voice. 
“How do you know I won’t?”
“You have to really believe something to act on it, and you’re hardly convinced up here,” he added, pointing to his head. “You won’t ever put any of your ideas into action until you believe them down here.” At this he thumped his chest with gusto. “This is where men find the will to act. And it really is a pity; I’d love to see everyone put your ideas into action—how to really convince them, down here and not up there, that’s the problem.” The stranger sighed and shook his head in lament. 
“But you won’t win the people with rational arguments; that’s for certain,” he continued. “However, if you appeal to their emotions then you can convince them of anything. I’ve convinced many people of many ridiculous things, things that no logical person could believe but people aren’t logical you know.”
“That’s the entire point of my idea,” Thomas objected. “There is no appeal to emotion or social constructs. It’s all cold calculated logic.”
“And that’s the problem with your type. As long as you can’t go beyond logic you’ll never be truly convinced; that’s why you’re all hypocrites. You preach one thing because of logic but you really believe another. You want to believe what you preach; I can tell that you really want to believe. You just need to have a little faith.”
Thomas, visibly frustrated with the stranger’s apparent lack of understanding, stood up from the table. The stranger remained seated, sipping his coffee.
“I’m afraid you’re still missing the point,” Thomas said. “But I don’t have time to explain it to you. It was good to meet you but I really have to get going. You understand of course.” 
As Thomas started to get up from the table the stranger’s hand shot out and seized his arm. His grip was fierce and his fingers dug into Thomas’s arm. Thomas became frantic and yelled for help but everybody in the coffee shop went about their business as if they didn’t hear his cries. Thomas knew that everyone heard him and anger at their apathy overtook his initial fear. He yelled louder, as loud as he could, and then his voice was gone. The stranger was still holding his arm, but nobody cared enough to look up from their coffee. Then he was awake in his bed covered with sweat. Rick was sleeping soundly in the bed across the room and a wave of relief swept over Thomas as he wiped his forehead and closed his eyes again.
* * *
Wednesday morning drug on for Julia. Because she had gotten up so early, she found herself dressed and ready for school with an hour to spare, despite dragging out every step in her morning routine as much as she could. She spent the hour, reading the dead man’s holy book. Julia didn’t know exactly where to start so she opened it to the beginning, thumbed through the contents and the notes on the translation and began reading: “In the beginning.” She read about the creation of the world, Adam and Eve’s expulsion from paradise, and Cain killing his brother Able, before she finally closed the book in disgust and decided to write in her diary instead:
Wednesday, November 27th
My second entry for the day and I haven’t even left for school yet. I started reading the dead man’s Bible. I was right before. There is no justice in the world, not even in the Bible. Able does good, and because of it his evil brother ends up killing him. It is comforting to know that this world’s been unjust since the very beginning, that I’m not the only one. If I were God I wouldn’t let people live forever either. I’m writing this as if I really believe these stories. But if they were true then who on earth would actually want to eat from that tree and live forever?
Julia went into the living room and poured herself a bowl of cereal. She had already eaten her standard morning Pop Tart but needed to kill more time. When she finished her cereal she went back to her room and opened her diary again and wrote: 
Why do I need a journal? I used to just say everything and I never had to write it down. It’s like talking to myself, like an imaginary friend. I guess it’s because I don’t have as many real friends as I used to. Sara and I still talk some but not like we did before. Jason still says hello to me when we pass each other in the halls but neither of them calls me—I don’t call them either—not since I started seeing Scott. It’s like I make one bad decision and my whole life goes downhill. That doesn’t seem fair. It was just one bad decision.
Julia closed the journal again and set it on her desk and gathered her books for school. She sandwiched the black leather-bound Bible in her backpack between her Calculus book and the worn out copy of Hamlet that she had to read for senior English. She knew that she would have time to read during lunch or in her current events class.
* * *
Hannah woke up that morning and got ready in a hurry before rushing away to the office. She worked at her desk like any other day until 11:00 when she left for her doctor’s appointment. She drove to the office building and took the elevator up to the third floor. When she walked into the waiting room a smiling receptionist greeted her from behind a counter and handed her a form to fill out while she waited. When Hannah turned around she was greeted by fifteen morbid faces that looked up from their newspapers, magazines, and coloring books long enough to notice their new companion, and then returned to their waiting.
Hannah found a seat next to a young mother. She was an attractive woman who appeared to be in her early twenties. Her son, who had to be at least three or four years old, still hadn’t learned to cover his mouth when he coughed. The mother didn’t say anything or seem to care that her son was coughing in Hannah’s direction.
“You know it’s polite to cover your mouth when you cough,” Hannah told the young boy in the overly polite, yet condescending tone of voice that grownups usually use when addressing other people’s children. The mother glared at Hannah and had her son trade seats with her.
“I didn’t mean anything by it,” Hannah said apologetically to the mother who was now right next to her. She spoke in a hushed voice so as not to draw any more attention from the entertainment starved faces that had again looked up from their newspapers, magazines, and coloring books to see what was going on.
The mother responded in a hushed voice but not nearly as quietly. “You don’t have to tell me how to raise my son. I’m used to everybody telling me what I should do, and how I should raise my child, but you’re a perfect stranger and I don’t have to take it from you.”
Hannah noticed the woman’s ragged clothes that, at one time, might have made her look dignified, but now showed obvious signs of wear. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it,” Hannah repeated and quickly found a magazine on the coffee table in front of them and buried her face in it. “What a psycho,” she thought as she opened the magazine to the article advertised on the cover. The mother seemed to know what Hannah was thinking, and returned the unspoken enmity. Hannah slightly angled her back so that it was turned toward the hostile mother and faced the handsome man in a suit and tie who was sitting on her left. He was reading the paper and didn’t seem to notice her any more than she seemed to be noticing him.
Time slowed to a crawl as it always did for Hannah in waiting rooms, and she found herself paying more attention to the sound of shuffling pages and people shifting in their chairs than to her magazine article. The mother’s cell phone rang and Hannah, like everyone else in the waiting room, buried her nose a little deeper into her magazine and opened her ears a little wider to hear the conversation. 
It wasn’t that Hannah was interested in the personal life of the woman sitting next to her, but boredom made it too hard to resist the slightest curiosity, and she found herself captivated by what fragments of that monotonous conversation that she could hear. The first few minutes were composed of pointless drivel, but Hannah continued to listen intently. Then the woman’s voice became timid.
“But I’ll be able to pay it before the end of the month,” she insisted. “No I’ve just got a second job that’s going to pay nine dollars an hour . . . I started today and I’m going to get paid time and a half for working on Thursday . . . I know that’s Thanksgiving but I’ve got to pay the bills somehow . . . well what do you want me to do? . . . Look, I’m in the doctor’s office and don’t want to talk about this now; let me call you back . . . Okay, bye.
Out of her peripheral vision, Hannah noticed the woman looking around the room to make sure that everyone else had at least had the courtesy to keep their eyes turned away while they eavesdropped on her conversation. She must have been satisfied because she put the cell phone back in her purse and watched her son color a picture in a coloring book. Hannah had been so lost in her own world that she had completely forgotten that Thanksgiving was only a day away, and she made a mental note to go grocery shopping that afternoon. Peter’s brother, who she’d never learned to tolerate, was coming over with his new wife. They lived across town, but with work and everything else that sprang up to keep the family busy, they hardly ever saw each other.
Hannah couldn’t help thinking that it was stupid to have a holiday in which estranged relatives were forced to endure each other’s company for a weekend, and that everyone was expected to call it Thanksgiving. The Thanksgiving specials on all the sitcoms would show happy families who, despite the comedic problems and blowups that were sure to occur, loved each other and worked out all their problems by the end of their thirty minute timeslot.
“I’d like to see one of those shows portray a real family,” Hannah thought. “The kind that might have all the real problems in the world but where they never come to the surface and never get resolved. I’d like to see a show where nobody gets upset and yells but where they’re all depressed and angry and just swallow it down and pretend like everything’s fine.”
Hannah mused on the conundrum until the door opened, and her name was called. She set her magazine back on the coffee table and walked toward the door. The mother had noticed that Hannah had been called first, despite arriving in the waiting room after her. Hannah tried not to make eye contact with her as she followed the worker out of the waiting room and down the twisted hallway that led to another waiting room. She was alone in this one. The worker left right away, closing the door behind him. Hannah took a seat on the white paper that covered the cushioned table, and waited for the doctor.
* * *
Julia was sitting on the bed of Sara’s pickup in the school parking lot after rehearsal. The play had been one of her top priorities a few weeks ago, but had now been reduced to a rote part of her afternoon routine. The two girls drank cherry cokes, aware of the fact that it was the first time in a while that they had spent time together. Neither of them addressed the fact that they hadn’t exactly been on good terms, but were content with the fact that the undefined dispute seemed to be over. 
Still, Julia found it awkward to be in such a familiar setting after everything that had changed since the last time she’d spent an evening enjoying the autumn breeze with her best friend. The memories snuck up on her and caught her off guard, something she hadn’t allowed them to do before, at least not in anyone else’s presence. She almost suppressed the symptoms of a person fighting back tears, but she could tell that Sara had noticed.
“Do you want to come with me this afternoon?” Sara asked.
Julia knew what the invitation entailed, and could tell that Sara didn’t know why she was inviting her to come along. Maybe it was because of a sermon about reaching out to friends, or because she’d seen the worn out Bible in her stack of books earlier that day. But maybe it was simply because she could see that Julia was scared, confused, repentant, and on the verge of tears, and she didn’t know what else to say or do.
Likewise, Julia didn’t know why she accepted the invitation. The past several weeks had, if anything, made her even more hardened to all of the farcical nonsense put out by religious institutions. But in that moment she had nowhere else to go, and didn’t want to be alone. So the invitation was given and accepted because neither of them could think of an alternative course of action. And silence predominated until two straws slurped up the last of the cherry cokes. 
* * *
“I can’t believe that we still have to go to class on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving,” Jessica groaned over the phone. Thomas was pacing in his dorm with his cell phone pressed up against his ear. Rick was sitting at his desk putting the finishing touches on a paper.
“So are you still going to come over this morning so we can get some breakfast?” he asked.
“Of course, I’m on my way right now. Watch where you’re going!”
“What?” Thomas asked.
“Not you. Some guy just walked out right in front of me. I’ve gotta go but I’ll be up soon.”
Thomas started to say goodbye, but Jessica had already hung up the phone.
“Alright I’ll see you soon,” he said into the dead line to save face in front of his roommate. 
“Do you have time to proofread this for me before I turn it in?” Rick asked. The printer on the desk began to screech.
“I don’t think so. Jessica’s going to be here soon. Besides, isn’t that for your freshman comp class?”
“Yeah,” Rick responded emphatically.
“Isn’t it at 8:30?”
“Yeah.”
“Well it’s about 8:12 right now so even if I did look over it you wouldn’t have time to make any changes before you had to leave.”
Rick didn’t respond, and the awkwardness was interrupted by Thomas’s cell phone.
“I’m downstairs,” said Jessica’s voice when he answered.
“Be right there.”
Thomas walked down the hall and pushed the down button on the elevator. It took forever. When it finally came it was packed with smelly bodies that hadn’t woken up in time to shower before their 8:30 classes. Thomas squeezed in and endured the proximity as the elevator descended. When he got off Jessica was in the landing waiting for him. She was clean, well dressed, and had even found time to put on makeup. They let the mass of bodies filter out of the elevator and then got back on. Thomas complained about the schools escort policy as the elevator went back up.
“It’s just to keep strangers from wandering around in the dorms,” Jessica said in the school’s defense.
“No it’s not,” Thomas retorted, “because if it were then we’d have to escort guys who came up to visit us too. You know most schools are open minded enough to have guys and girls living on the same dorm floors, and here we’ve got a ton of ridiculous rules every time we have a girl come visit.”
The elevator dinged and the two stepped out onto Thomas’s floor.
“We get treated like little kids who can’t make their own decisions. We’re all adults and they have us monitored and supervised like six year olds.”
Thomas tried to ignore the guy down the hall wearing nothing but a towel. He was pulling at a doorknob and yelling at the person inside to let him in. He could hear laughter from inside the room and it spread down the hall as people found out what the commotion was about.
“I can’t wait until next year when I move into the fraternity house, and I can have some freedom and responsibility. In fact I’m going to ask my parents about renting a place off campus in the spring.”
As he and Jessica walked into the room, Rick was frantically shoving books and folders into his backpack.
“Hey Jessica,” he said, looking up from the mess of scattered books and papers on his desk. Thomas could tell that the friendliness in his roommate’s voice was as fake as the imitation cologne that he was using to cover up the fact that he hadn’t made time to shower.
“You late?” Jessica asked politely.
“Yeah, and I’ve got to turn in my research paper,” Rick said as he zipped up his backpack and slung it over one shoulder.
“Good luck.”
“Thanks, I’m kind of worried because I couldn’t get anyone to proofread it for me, and my professor is really hard on typos and that sort of thing.”
“Why couldn’t you look it over?” Jessica said accusingly to Thomas.
“He had other things to do,” Rick said, and disappeared out the door.
Jessica gave Thomas her most disapproving look.
“Can’t you see that he’s just being passive aggressive,” Thomas objected. “He’s trying to get you upset with me. By the time he asked me it was already . . .”
“Don’t bother with excuses, I’m sure you had your reasons,” Jessica said in such a way that Thomas knew that she was far from convinced of his innocence.
“He didn’t give me any forewarning or time. I didn’t do anything wrong,” Thomas insisted.
“That’s probably because you don’t believe in wrong anymore. By the way, I love the new Escher print you’ve got on the wall. It’s perfect for you with all the people walking up stairs in different directions because there is no up anymore. I mean who’s to say that up isn’t down or to the left?”
“Just because I can think outside standard conventions you think I’m a bad person! Am I a horrible person because I think that some things are relative and don’t see the purpose in wasting your day building a sand castle that’s just going to get washed away with the tide?”
“If that’s your attitude then what’s the point of being with me? Your philosophy looks fine on paper but let me tell you, it sucks in real life. So why don’t you try walking on some upside down stairs and see what really happens. I can tell you exactly what’ll happen because there’s an absolute called gravity. And because there’s an absolute I can tell you absolutely what’s going to happen. You’ll fall straight down and crack your head open and all your brains filled up with all that nonsense will come spilling out!”
Thomas didn’t know how to respond, but the hurt expression that overcame his face said enough.
“I’m sorry,” Jessica said after a moment of silence. Her voice was full of repentance, but Thomas didn’t care. “I shouldn’t have said that about your ideas. It just came out. I couldn’t sleep last night because I was thinking about . . .”
“I’m not hungry,” Thomas interrupted.
“I’m sorry.”
“I want you to go.”
Jessica started to protest but Thomas’s demeanor was firm. She walked into the hall unescorted and closed the door behind her, a violation of the dorm’s escort policy that neither of them seemed to notice or care about. 
* * *
Julia followed as Sara turned into the parking lot. The shadow of the steepled building stretched across the sea of asphalt. Neither of them said anything as they got out of their vehicles and walked together across the parking lot and through the building’s enormous glass doors. They were almost identical to the doors at the nursing home, except larger, and were even equipped with a large blue button that handicapped people could use to have them open automatically. Julia half expected to be welcomed by the smell of decay as she followed Julia into the building. Instead, she was greeted by a man in his mid-twenties who wore a fake smile and a big nametag that had the word “Greeter” engraved on it.
“It’s to make people feel welcome,” Sara said, as if the man and his position needed to be explained.
“I know. They do the same thing at the nursing home and call her a receptionist,” Julia thought as she took in the crowd of people milling about the gymnasium. The room was filled with about thirty or forty high school and junior high kids. With the exception of the greeter and a few other adults, no one looked older than eighteen. Some played basketball while others sat and gossiped or played cards at tables that had been set up on the far side.
“Is something wrong?” Sara asked.
“It’s just not what I was expecting. I thought that there would be older people and that it would be, well, different,” Julia said still surveying the scene.
Julia continued to look around, unsure of what to make of her surroundings until she saw Jason in the group of guys playing basketball. Her heart sank. She wanted to turn around and leave, to be out of that place, that room, that atmosphere, but it was too late. She’d already been spotted and was shaking the hand of an enthusiastic girl who also appeared to be in her mid-twenties, and introduced herself only as Sara’s Bible study leader.
“So where are all the older people,” Julia asked. She refrained from saying adults to avoid offending the cheery woman who had just released her hand.
“They’re in the other wing,” the woman answered. “They built this wing a few years ago so they could separate the youth. We were too loud I guess.”
The woman disappeared among the sea of bodies, and Julia gave Sara a frantic glance as she tilted her head to the basketball court where Jason was playing. Sara gave her an apologetic look and shrugged her shoulders.
“You know we’ve been friends since we were kids,” she said.
“I just wasn’t thinking about him being here,” Julia admitted.
* * *
Lewis left school on Wednesday with the same somber attitude that he’d had on Monday and Tuesday. His feet drug along the ground as he walked over the playground grass. Tommy practically skipped alongside as they headed toward the parking lot where Peter was waiting to pick them up. Tommy Johnson, like almost everyone else leaving the elementary that day, was excited about the long weekend, but his enthusiasm did little to lift his friend’s spirits. 
“I can’t believe that Summer was still at home sick,” Lewis said.
Lewis was experiencing a sort of self-centered empathy as if Summer’s suffering and his were inexorably linked. 
“You’ll see her when we come back from Thanksgiving,” Tommy said to console his friend, but made no effort to mask his own joy.
“You boys excited about the weekend?” Peter said enthusiastically when Lewis and Tommy got into the car.
“I’m going to Colorado!” Tommy exclaimed. “We’re going to stay up in the mountains and there’s gonna be snow and sledding.”
“We’d better get you home then so you can get going!” Peter said matching the boy’s enthusiasm. 
* * *
“Do you really believe all that stuff about the earth being completely covered with water?” Julia asked when she and Sara had escaped the steepled building.
“Of course I believe it. There’s even archeological evidence. I saw a program on the history channel that talked all about it.” Sara answered without any hesitation or thought.
“It doesn’t make sense, logically. Wouldn’t the water all run off into the oceans before it could cover Mt. Everest? Maybe there actually was a big flood and the story just got exaggerated. There’s no way one man could have gathered up all the animals of the earth since different species live in different regions. Then there’s the whole thing with Moses and the sea opening up. All the other plagues are believable, except the river turning to blood, but there’s no way a wind could open up the sea like it says in the Bible, and if there was a wind so strong that it could push all that water out of the way, then the people wouldn’t be able to just walk through without being blown away too. And if the wind stopped blowing while they were walking through, then the water would have drowned them like it supposedly did to the Egyptians.”
“Well that’s how it happened. If it were believable it wouldn’t be a miracle, and if it weren’t miraculous there wouldn’t be much point in writing it down, or reading it, or believing in it,” Sara responded.
“And you believe all of it just because it’s printed there in black ink, without thinking or doubting or questioning any of it?” Julia asked.
“I guess,” Sara answered.
“I think you have to believe something with your head first,” Julia retorted. “If you don’t believe with your head then it’s impossible for you to really believe anything with your heart, and I can tell that you don’t believe with your head, because you’ve never actually stopped to think the whole story through.”
“I do believe it all.”
“No you don’t, and none of your friends in there do either. Blind belief isn’t really faith it’s just blindness,” Julia said pointing to the steepled building. 
“What do you mean?” Sara asked, obviously confused.
“You want to believe, because you know that if all of that were really true you could find meaning in life, but if you really believed you wouldn’t be so belligerently shortsighted. People are only belligerent when they want to convince themselves. You’re all just like salesmen. You try to convince people that you’ve got the answer, but at the same time you don’t really believe in what you’re trying to sell. The only difference is if you could believe in your product, you’d actually have a purpose.”
“I don’t understand. So you’re basically saying that everything I believe is a bunch of lies for idiots who can’t reason,” Sara asked.
Julia’s tone softened. “No, that’s not what I was getting at. It’s been a hard month. I’m just saying that it’s an awful lot to expect someone to believe, and I don’t think that any of you actually do, because if you did believe you wouldn’t be spending all your money on fancy benches and new video equipment. You’d be using it to help poor people who really need help. People who really believe wouldn’t waste their time protesting outside the courthouse or picketing at rallies or blowing up . . .” she hesitated. “Or blowing up clinics. Instead they would be helping the people who didn’t have anywhere else to turn. You’re never going to change the world by legislation. Everyone in there was so caught up with making the world better, but let me tell you that the world isn’t going to magically become better by making everything you don’t agree with illegal.”
The hurt look on her friend’s face made Julia hesitate, but she had to speak her mind. “I know that you don’t do all of those things, but your people do.” She pointed again to the steeple. “I hear people rant about evolution or global warming who don’t understand the first thing about the subject. They just parrot what they’ve been taught to believe. If you really believed what the Bible says, then you wouldn’t be up in arms to try and keep people from learning or thinking differently, and you wouldn’t be afraid of it, because it wouldn’t matter.”
“But if you think it’s all a bunch of wishful thinking then why waste so much time reading all of it?” Sara asked.
Julia froze. She didn’t know how to answer the question.
“My grandfather told me about this man,” she said. “Actually he was only nineteen but,” she couldn’t finish her sentence. Standing in the parking lot in the shadow of that steeple all of the reasoning that had convinced her to take the dead man’s book seemed childish at best. 
“You never used to talk like this. What’s the matter? Are you okay?” Sara asked.
“Maybe I never talked like this, but I always thought these sorts of things. I just stopped caring what other people would think if they knew what I was really thinking. Or maybe it’s because of that place,” Julia said pointing back to the building. “How on earth is a decent thinking person supposed to walk in there without getting angry? All that stereotype about Christians being idiotic and judgmental and hypocritical doesn’t seem so far off. I could tell by the way they treated me what they thought. I could see that they hated me because I didn’t wait for Jason to ask me, but they don’t even know half of what,” Julia broke off again. She still couldn’t tell Sara about what she’d done. She didn’t know how. It had been easier to tell Abraham; he was dying. Talking to him was like writing in her diary or whispering to herself, but Sara was real to her.
“And what if Sara’s just like the rest of them,” she wondered even though she knew that wasn’t the case. “How can I tell her? What will she think of me?” Sara spoke up, interrupting her thoughts. “You’re still not making any sense to me,” she said. “But I’m still your best friend; a best friend is a hard thing to replace you know. You’re saying things that just sound like nonsense to me. Don’t take that the wrong way. I’m only saying that I don’t understand what’s wrong, but I want to.”
“I’m sorry,” Julia answered.
Sara suggested that they go out and get ice cream, but Julia apologized again and said that she didn’t know what had come over her. She stepped into her car and closed the door before Sara could respond. 
“Thanks for always being there for me, even when I didn’t deserve it. Friends like that are hard to come by. I’m glad to have you; I really am.” Julia mouthed the words from inside her car, but Sara had already turned away. Then she turned on the ignition, turned down the stereo system, and drove home in silence.
When she got back to her house she was surprised to see Thomas, but then remembered that the next day was Thanksgiving. The holiday had snuck up on her, much like it had done to everyone else in the Manchell family. She’d seen all the signs and commercials, and everyone had been talking about it in school, but with everything on her mind the actuality of the holiday hadn’t sunk in until that moment when she saw her brother home from college and sitting in the living room. The rest of the family had gathered in the living room as well, and listened as Thomas talked about his first few months of college. They were all in a festive mood and Julia tried to reciprocate. She noted the brown paper bags that lined the kitchen counter and wished that she had been home to help her mother with the shopping. 
“Where’ve you been?” her father asked in what seemed to be a genuinely cheery voice as she entered the living room and sat down next to him on the couch.
Chapter 11
Soon after Julia got home Peter’s brother and sister-in-law arrived. Lewis was thrilled to see Uncle Luke and Aunt Debra, and even more so at the prospect of them staying the night while their own house was being fumigated. Hannah did a fantastic job of pretending not to mind their intrusion while they talked about purchasing a timeshare out in New Mexico, and how well their stock was doing, in spite of the economic recession. After hot chocolate, coffee, and small talk, Luke and Debra retired to the guest bedroom which had been the study a day before, Lewis’s refuge the day before that, and a few months ago had been Thomas’s room. With their guests in bed, Peter and Hannah followed suit, and Lewis slunk off to some other part of the house.
In the end, Julia and Thomas were the only ones left in the living room. 
“It sounds like you’re really having a good time up there. Is that why you never come back to visit on the weekends?” Julia asked. Thomas’s coffee was still steaming on the end table. Julia curled up in the cushion of the rocking chair, and pulled the blanket up around her neck so that only her head protruded out of the bundle. Thomas sat up straight in the couch, and took a sip from the steaming mug before answering.
“It’s wonderful. I’m thinking about failing some classes just so I’ll have an excuse to stay longer.”
“Since when did you like coffee?” Julia asked.
“It’s something you just get used to when you’re in college. I can’t wait for you to get up there. You have to take Dr. Bowman’s intro to philosophy. The man is a genius, and isn’t hampered at all by conventional thinking, really progressive.”
“What do you mean?” If Julia wasn’t interested in the class she was glad to see her brother and catch up on his life—as long as they weren’t catching up on hers she was content.
“We’ve been studying moral relativity by looking at normal societal conventions, and how conditioning shapes our worldview, and how we judge different behaviors.”
Julia didn’t understand a word that came out of her brother’s mouth and he could tell by her blank expression.
“It’s the idea that right and wrong might not be set in stone. I mean without an absolute standard everything’s subjective, and it’s up to the individual to give meaning to his or her surroundings.”
“For instance,” Julia prompted.
“Like suicide. It’s generally frowned upon in society because we’ve been taught that it’s unacceptable, cowardly, etcetera. But maybe it’s noble. Maybe it’s a way of taking control of one’s situation and surroundings. Look at other cultures that accept or even expect it. How can one person say what suicide is for everyone else? For you suicide might be despicable but for me it might be an act of greatness.”
“You think that you learned all about suicide from your class,” Julia said. “You think that because you read a few books and listened to a few lectures that you know everything there is to know.” 
“So now you think that you’re the expert. What do you know about suicide anyway?” Thomas said. He was obviously offended that his sister would be any less enthusiastic about this idea than he had been when he first heard it.
“I’ve stared it in the face, but I couldn’t go through with it,” Julia interjected, “People are always thinking about doing great or horrible things, but when the moment comes they always back down. We all want to follow through with the plans that we formulate in our heads. We arrange every detail but then when it comes time to act we freeze. Something inside of us keeps us from doing or saying what we want to. Every time we start to act we don’t, and it just reinforces a pattern of not acting, until eventually the habit of doing nothing gets so ingrained it becomes part of our character, and then it’s impossible for us to do anything at all. That’s why we watch television. We all live through fantasy, or those few men and women that haven’t lost the basic ability to act. The rest of us, we’re already dead. I don’t know if it’s great or horrible, but I can tell you that it’s a miracle that anybody ever gets around to actually committing suicide.” 
Julia waited for her brother to reply. He had been listening impatiently, but attentively enough to contradict her, and the vulnerability in Julia’s confession had escaped his notice.
“So do you think that I’m one of those people who can’t act?” Thomas asked snidely, trying to distance himself from the heart of his sister’s remarks.
“You’ll have to answer that for yourself,” Julia said, and after a short pause continued, “as for me I’ve decided that I will never be one of those kinds of people, not anymore.”
“Look,” Thomas said in a different tone that denoted a slight shift in the topic. “We read this story in literature about a giant balloon above the city and for some people it was an image of doom and for others it symbolized hope.”
“Which was it?” Julia asked forcing herself to calm down a bit. 
“Neither. It just was. In the end everyone had to decide for themselves what they wanted it to stand for.”
“So what’s the point of it all? Julia asked abruptly, cutting Thomas off before he could begin one of his diatribes.
“There is no point. That’s what makes it great!”
“But if there’s no point then why tell it, why read it?”
“To show that there is no single answer, and when there’s no definite meaning you can make it mean whatever you want. If there’s no right interpretation then there can’t be any wrong one either.”
“So the point of your story is that the story itself, and everything else, is pointless.”
“Exactly”
“Then it has a point. There is a definite meaning even if it’s only that there is no meaning. The whole thing’s self-contradictory,” Julia said in triumphant exasperation. 
Thomas felt that he hadn’t explained the story correctly or that he’d let his sister distort his words. Julia felt very proud of herself for being able to finally put her finger on what had been so frustrating about all of Thomas’s arguments and e-mails since he’d left for college.
“You’re just too simple to get it,” Thomas returned. “There are several people in my classes just like you who can’t get free of their traditional way of thinking, even though the way my professor explained it was perfectly clear. When you get to college and take the class for yourself maybe you’ll be able to understand.” 
“You’re only a year older than me. But I guess you understand it all perfectly,” Julia said, her voice full of sarcasm.
“It’s a complicated concept, and a lot of people reject it because they’re stuck in the conventional mindset of the morality of right and wrong,” Thomas answered.
“I know a story too,” interrupted Julia, “do you want to hear it?” Without waiting for an answer she continued.
“It’s about an emperor who paid a large amount of money to some tailors to have clothes made for him out of a fabric that was only visible to people who were very wise. The problem is that nobody could see the clothes so they all lied instead. Even the emperor couldn’t see his clothes, but he didn’t want his subjects to think that he was the only person who couldn’t see them, so he accepted their compliments graciously. This all went on for quite some time until one day a small boy saw the emperor passing by on the street and exclaimed, ‘The emperor doesn’t have any clothes.’ Then all of the people realized that the emperor had been cheated by the tailors, and that their stupidity, and wishful thinking, and pride had made them miss it. The end. But unlike your story, mine does have a point.”
“What are you trying to get at?” Thomas asked, already guessing the meaning of the familiar anecdote. Julia was only too eager to drive the point home.
You and all your learned professors are naked and you’re trying to convince everyone else that you’re not. But do you know who you’re really trying to convince?”
“Who?” Thomas asked with condescension, in an attempt to convince himself that he was only humoring his sister.
“Yourself. You’re trying to explain away that little boy who tells you how things really are, so you can do whatever you want and not feel bad about it.”
Another silence ensued in which the conversation could have been dropped, but Julia still felt the need to vent; something still burned inside her that needed to escape. She looked at Thomas and all she could see was him, his smug smile and casual condescending tone.
“If you really think that we’re so free from absolutes,” she went on, “then answer this. How many girls did you sleep with this last semester? And if one of them gets pregnant are you just going to leave her to deal with the consequences? Who’s to say that’s wrong? Or will you be a noble person, and pay for her to go into a clinic and have a little operation that will fix everything, and then pretend nothing happened. Of course if there’s nothing bad then I don’t know why you would feel obligated. Only a man could buy into all that nonsense they’re preaching up there.”
“That’s where you’re wrong; my literature professor’s a woman,” Thomas said, choosing to address the latter part of his sister’s rant rather than answering her initial question.
“It’s Thanksgiving. What are you two fighting over?” Peter asked from the kitchen. He wandered into the living room chewing one of the chocolate chip cookies that Hannah had insisted be saved for Thursday. Julia noticed that the clock on the mantle read 12:08 and wondered if her father had been waiting for midnight to sneak one out of the cookie jar so that he could get by on the technicality.
“Julia’s insisting on all the conventional morality that she got indoctrinated with at that church,” Thomas said.
Peter approached the doorway, fixed a stern look at his daughter, making sure to catch her attention before he spoke.
“Now your mother and I don’t care if you want to go to church, we figure that you’re old enough to make your own decisions about that sort of thing, but I won’t have you bringing all those ideas home to cause strife in this household. There will be no proselytizing under my roof.”
“But Dad,” Julia began. “I only went because Sara asked, and I didn’t even . . .”
“I don’t want to hear it. We let most things slide so I’d appreciate it if you didn’t argue about this one.” 
And before his daughter could respond Peter had left the room. Thomas wore a triumphant grin, obviously content with how he had manipulated the situation.
“What are you smiling about?” Julia demanded and, like her father, left without waiting for a reply. Shortly afterward the house reverberated from the slamming of the front door, and the sound of a car starting could be heard in the driveway. 
Lewis crawled out from his hiding place under the nice new tablecloth that his father had draped over the old table. He hurried to his room, one step ahead of Thomas so he could pretend to already be asleep. A few seconds later, Thomas swept his hand across the smooth white fabric as he walked by on the way back to Lewis’s room, where he rolled out an old sleeping bag on the floor, trying to be quiet so as not to wake his little brother.
* * *
The next morning most of the members of the Manchell family woke up at their leisure and ate from the spread of breads, jellies, and fruits that Hannah had laid out. After everyone had eaten and the spread was put away, Lewis made his way to the living room, where he sat on the couch, mesmerized by his Uncle Luke’s magic tricks. Debra was in the kitchen helping Hannah with the pumpkin and pecan pies, while Peter stood on the opposite side of the kitchen preparing the turkey. Julia cleaned up the dining room, and set the table with the fine china that nobody had laid eyes on since last year. When Thomas finally got around to waking up, he and Julia drove to the store to pick up the creamed corn and peas that Hannah had forgotten the day before, having been preoccupied while she was shopping. 
For one morning the group of people who had gathered in the Manchell house worked together like a unit. They were diverse elements coming together working in unity: a family. They all knew that the morning was beautiful, that life was being lived the way it ought to be, and that for a day they could put aside all their worries. But none of them acknowledged it, afraid of jinxing the moment.
When Thomas and Julia got back from the store, they set the groceries on the counter where Hannah and Debra were working. Julia went to the back porch where she found her father preparing the smoker. Peter had set patio furniture out on the porch, and Lewis had raked the leaves and dead twigs that had fallen from the enormous birch tree that loomed over the plot of ground that Hannah had always meant to make into a flower garden.
“Do you want me to go ahead and pick up Grandpa?” Julia asked after getting her father’s attention.
“I don’t think he’s going to be able to come this year,” Peter answered. He leaned over to get charcoal out of the bag, turning his back to his daughter.
“Why not?”
“I don’t think he’ll be able to get out of bed. You know he hasn’t walked in quite some time. Besides, I’m sure they’re going to fix a good Thanksgiving meal down at the nursing home for him, and we can go visit in the evening.”
“But if he could come you would want him to, right?”
“Of course I would. I just don’t think he’ll be able to.”
“I’m going to go ahead and drive down and see if he feels up to it then,” Julia said, and ducked back into the backdoor of the house, which she had left open, before her father could reply.
“Where’s Julia going?” Hannah asked when Peter walked into the kitchen.
“To get my father.”
“I thought your father wasn’t going to be coming over this year.”
“So did I.”
“Well there’s hardly enough room at the table as it is with Luke and Debra and all the food.”
I know,” Peter responded. “We’re going to have to add a leaf to the table.
“Which means it’s going to have to be completely reset,” Hannah moaned, as if the inconvenience had ruined the entire day.
“I’ll have Thomas do it. Hey Thomas come here,” Peter called down the hall.
* * *
When Julia walked into Grace Assisted Living Center she was glad to see Susan working behind the counter.
“You’re working on Thanksgiving?” she asked.
“It pays time and a half and it’s only half a day. I get off in about twenty minutes.”
“And then you’re still going to be able to eat Thanksgiving dinner with your family,” Julia said, relieved for her acquaintance.
“Not exactly. My family lives on the east coast.”
“So what are you doing for Thanksgiving.”
Susan hesitated as if she had to think about how to answer the question tactfully.
“I don’t really have any plans for the day. I am going out to a coffee shop with a friend in the evening so we can eat pecan pie. It wouldn’t be thanksgiving without pecan pie.”
“Mom’s got ours in the oven now,” Julia blurted out.
“Are you coming to pick up Abraham?” Susan asked, changing the subject.
“Yeah, I better go see if he’s up to it,” Julia said and left the counter. 
When she got to Abraham’s room the door was slightly ajar, so she walked in without knocking. Abraham’s head was turned so that he was facing the wall and he seemed to be sleeping.
“Grandpa?” Julia spoke softly. He didn’t respond.
“Grandpa?” she said again a little louder.”
“What’re you doin’ here?” the old man said turning to face Julia.
“I was just stopping by to see if you felt up to coming to the house for Thanksgiving.”
“I appreciate you comin’ by all the time ta visit, but it’s not normal fer a girl your age ta be spendin’ so much time with her old invalid grandfather,” Abraham said.
“Well, maybe it should be.”
“I figured you’d completely forgotten ‘bout me.”
“Of course not. Dad said he’d love to have you if you felt up to it,” Julia said innocently.
“He didn’t figure I’d feel up ta it did he,” Abraham asked.
“No, I don’t think he did.”
“Well I’ll take any excuse ta get out a’ this place,” Abraham answered and began the slow process of sitting up and freeing himself from the wires that the doctors had connected to every part of his body. Julia helped him to his feet and out the door. As the two of them made their way down the hallway, she noticed that he was walking much better than he had before, but still struggled staying on his feet.
“Why don’t you sit down here,” she suggested to him when they got to the lobby. Abraham didn’t object and took a seat in one of the chairs that lined the side of the wall.
“You’re getting off work now in just a little while right?” Julia asked Susan who was sitting at the counter with her head resting in the palm of her right hand.
“Seventeen more minutes.”
“Do you mind if I use the phone to make a quick call?” Julia asked innocently.
“Of course you can,” Susan said, and moved the phone over so that Julia could dial. “Who’re you calling?” she asked, before Julia put the phone to her ear.
Julia didn’t answer but held up her index finger to indicate that she was distracted.
“Hello,” she said.
“Julia?” It was Thomas’s voice on the other end of the phone. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing’s wrong I was just calling to tell Mom and Dad that a friend of mine’s going to be joining us for dinner.”
“Dad’s out back smoking the Turkey. You want me to go get him?”
“No, don’t bother him. Just set out two extra plates.”
“Is Grandpa coming too?”
“Yeah he says he’s up to it.”
“Alright, I’ll let them know,” Thomas said. He obviously didn’t relish his role of messenger.
“We’ll be there soon,” Julia said and hung up the phone.
“We can just wait here in the lobby until you get off,” Julia said to Susan as she pushed the phone back toward the receptionist.
“I couldn’t intrude like that,” Susan began.
“It’s already taken care of, and there’s more than enough food. The leftovers are going to go bad in the refrigerator in a week.”
“But imposing on your family,” Susan began.
“They’ll love to have you. Besides, they’re already setting you a place at the table. And for everything you do here for our family one meal really isn’t enough.”
Abraham had been watching as the events transpired, and was so pleased with his granddaughter’s brash shrewdness, and Susie’s dumbfounded expression, that he let out a low chuckle that mingled with his coughing, but came out distinctly enough that Julia recognized it as laughter.
“Okay,” Susan conceded. “Thanks. Thanks a lot.”
* * *
“I’m going to be a magician when I grow up!” Lewis told his mother. 
“I don’t think you really want to be a magician,” Hannah said.
“Yes I do. I want to be a magician like Uncle Luke. He says that’d be a great job because you get to make people happy all the time.”
Luke was packing the props used in his magic tricks into his little black briefcase; Hannah shot him a dirty look.
“Your Uncle Luke isn’t a magician,” Hannah objected.
“Yes he is.”
“Maybe he’s a magician but that’s not his job. It’s something he does on the side.”
“Well I want to be a magician for my job,” Lewis stated emphatically.
“So you’re going to be a magician huh?” Peter asked as he walked into the kitchen. “You know what I wanted to be when I was little?”
“A telecommunications person,” Lewis answered.
“Nope.”
“Then what did you want to be?”
“A clown.”
Lewis giggled.
“You couldn’t be a clown, dad. They have big goofy hair and bright clothes and are always acting goofy.”
“I could put on a wig and buy new clothes,” Peter countered.
“But you’re not silly.”
“I’d have to pretend to be silly then.”
“Clowns don’t pretend to be silly. They just are,” Lewis said.
“You’re right son; I guess that’s why I became a telecommunications person. But I only wanted to be a clown for a year or so, and then I wanted to be a pirate, and after that I wanted to be a policeman. So if you still want to be a magician when you grow up that’s fine with us.” Peter nudged his wife and she nodded her head having been coerced into agreement.
“Hey Dad,” Thomas called. “I just got off the phone with Julia and she said that one of her friends is going to come over and that we should set another place on the table.” Thomas disappeared into the dining room carrying a plate and some silverware. Peter and Hannah looked at each other helplessly. There was no point in objecting or questioning since the matter seemed to have been settled without them.
“Lewis will have changed his mind by next week,” Peter whispered into Hannah’s ear, hoping to set her mind at ease.
“I know. I just don’t think we should be encouraging him like that.”
“It’s good for the boy to have dreams while he’s young and can still think of life so simply. Trust me. He’ll outgrow all that boyish dreaming sooner than you would like.”
Hannah didn’t respond. Peter assumed that she was thinking about the fact that they had overlooked discussing the details around the custody of Lewis when they separated. Peter could tell that she was on edge but neither of them acknowledged the situation, and the festive mood was preserved until the smoke detector went off. Hannah got a stool so she could take the battery out, while Debra covered her ears. Peter ducked out of the kitchen and busied himself with preparations.
“What was that?” Luke hollered from the living room.
“The vegetables. We’re frying them, and the smoke set off the detector. Nothing to worry about,” Hannah yelled in response.
* * *
Julia drove down the interstate with Abraham sitting next to her in the passenger seat and Susan behind him. She couldn’t help shuddering when she passed a stretch of road that recent events had made far too familiar. She remembered the knife that had slid beneath her car seat, and she reasoned that the serrated blade was still directly beneath her, but she didn’t see it. If she didn’t see it, she couldn’t know for sure that it was there. Maybe someone had snuck into her car and taken it out. The thought was completely irrational, but Julia held to the belief that the knife was gone, and she resolved never to look under the car seat again. And, because of everything else that she’d been through recently, she felt that she had the right to overlook her faulty logic.
“What’s the matter?” Susan asked from the back seat.
“What’s the matter with what?” Julia responded.
“You just shuddered.”
“It’s nothing. I was just shivering because it’s a little chilly.” Julia reached forward to turn up the car’s heater, but it was already turned up all the way.
“You’ve got that heater on full blast; it’s like a furnace in here. There aint no way you were shiverin’,” Abraham said boldly. 
Looking in the rearview mirror Julia could see that Susan was amused at the old man’s tenacity towards her.
“So what’s the real reason?” Abraham continued.
“I’ve had a bad experience in that spot by the road,” Julia said shortly.
“Like what?” Abraham asked.
“I don’t really want to talk about it right now.”
“I can respect that.”
* * *
When Julia got back to the house, the bulk of the preparation was over, and the chaos had calmed down into polite civility while the family waited on the last of the food to finish cooking. The turkey was being smoked out back, pies were in the oven and Uncle Luke was entertaining the family with stories about his skiing misadventures. Julia helped Abraham into the living room and he sat down on the couch next to Hannah, who scooted over to make room for him even though it pushed her closer to her brother-in-law.
“Who’s your friend?” Peter asked, looking at Susan who stood sheepishly in the entryway.
“Everyone, I want you to meet Susan,” Julia said.
Susan stepped forward and said hello.
“Sit down, sit down,” Thomas insisted, getting up from the rocking chair.
“Thanks,” Susan said taking the seat. Julia sat next to her father across the room, and Thomas came back into the room carrying a chair for himself, which he set down next to Susan.
“So what do you do for a living?” Hannah asked when everyone had settled into their seats, not giving Luke the opportunity to resume his story.
“I’m a receptionist,” Susan said politely.
“That’s interesting. Where do you work?” Thomas asked. She couldn’t be more than a few years older than him.
“Actually I work at Grace Assisted Living Center,” she said, turning to face Thomas who was sitting up straight in his chair instead of slouching down like he usually did. 
“I knew I’d seen you before,” Hannah stated, and Peter echoed the sentiment. The family seemed pleased to find that she knew Abraham, and then the conversation turned back to Luke’s skiing accident last March. When the phone rang Hannah was quick to get up and answer it.
“How long have you guys been married now?” Luke asked, stopping his story so that Hannah wouldn’t miss any details.
“A little over 25 years now,” Peter answered.
“25 years and four kids later and she’s still a catch. You’re really lucky, you know that.”
“Thanks,” Peter said sheepishly. 
Susan fidgeted in her chair and shook her head a bit so that her blonde hair fell down and partially covered her face. 
“Your anniversary’s coming up in February right?” Luke continued.
“That’s right,” Peter said.
Hannah walked into the room carrying the cordless phone.
“It’s David,” she said handing the phone to Peter who got up and walked to the back corner of the living room.
“That’s my older brother,” Thomas explained to Susan. “He’s in the military.”
“That’s great son,” Peter said from across the room. He looked out at the living room and announced, “David’s going to get promoted.” A pleased murmur ran through the living room before Luke seized the floor.
“So what’s new Dad?” he said to Abraham enunciating his words.
“I got one of those fancy new hearing aids so I can understand what’s bein’ said ‘round me,” Abraham answered.
“That’s great,” Luke said with the same deliberate enunciation as before. “Anything else?”
“No. That’s ‘bout it.”
“That’s nice,” Luke answered.
Peter finished talking to David and asked Thomas if he wanted to talk to his brother. Thomas got up and took the receiver.
“So you work at Grace?” Peter asked Susan as he sat back down next to Julia.
“Yes,” Susan answered. The rocking chair squeaked as she shifted her weight in it.
“I thought you looked familiar when you came in,” Peter said. “I must have seen you once or twice at the receptionist’s desk when I came to visit.”
“That must be it,” Susan said then added, “Luke right? How did that skiing story end up?”
Hannah pressed her lips tight and exhaled a little louder than she had intended. Luke continued with the story of his exploit.
“Julia, you’re up,” Thomas said stepping back into the circle of people. He took his seat next to Susan. “So what do you think,” he asked her motioning around the living room.
“It’s really nice. You’re family has good taste,” she said politely.
“Yeah, I kind of miss this house sometimes,” Thomas said.
“You don’t live here?” Susan asked.
“No, I’m in college. I’m studying Philosophy,” Thomas said proudly.
“Not exactly as practical as engineering or business,” Susan said sarcastically.
“It might not be practical for earning more money, but I picked it because I want to understand how the world really works, not just natural and economic laws, but how the universe really operates and what people are really like.”
“What do you want to do with your degree?” Susan asked.
“I’m not exactly sure yet, but I’m going to work to make the world a better place. I’ve got to understand it before I can try to make it better.”
It was the first time in quite a while that Thomas had recited the worn out diatribe he’d developed in high school. Enough time had elapsed and enough had changed that those once familiar words sounded foreign to him as they came out of his mouth.
“That sounds very ambitious.”
Julia stepped back into the living room, holding the telephone in one hand. “Where’s Lewis?” she asked. Nobody seemed to have noticed that Lewis wasn’t present.
“I think he’s in his room,” Thomas suggested, and Julia disappeared down the hallway. When she got back to the living room Peter got up to check the Turkey. A moment later his voice came from the opened back door, “The turkey’s ready. Let’s eat.”
Abraham had almost fallen asleep on the couch, but with Thomas’s help he too made his way into the dining room and sat down at the head of the table. 
“Relax,” Julia said to Susan as she sat down next to her. “Everybody loves you; you don’t need to be so on edge.”
“It’s not that,” Susan said. “I think that, well, no, I’m fine. I can be a little nervous around new people sometimes, that’s all.”
“Well make yourself at home and loosen up a little,” Julia insisted. 
The table was set with what was left of the china that Peter and Hannah had received at their wedding. Despite 25 years and four children they still had enough unbroken plates for everyone. The tablecloth was spread out across the old table, but with two extra leaves added in, the square cloth wasn’t large enough to cover it, and the old unfinished wood peaked out from the table’s rounded edges.
Hannah tried to ignore her table’s shortcomings, and ducked out of the room while everyone else settled into their seats and began passing dishes back and forth. She found Lewis in his bedroom talking on the phone.
“Tell him I want to talk to him again when you’re done,” she said to her youngest son.
“Mom wants to say something,” Lewis said into the phone and then handed it to his mother.
“Go on into the dining room because dinner’s ready,” Hannah told him. She waited for Lewis to leave before raising the phone to her ear.
Peter brought the turkey into the dining room and set it down in the center of the table next to the candleholders and the construction paper turkey centerpiece that Lewis had made the year before as a school project. Plates filled up with mashed potatoes, cranberry sauce, creamed corn, and yams, and when Hannah emerged from the hallway the conversation turned to David. Everyone who had talked to him recounted their part of the conversation and those who hadn’t listened patiently. Little by little the family pieced together what the missing son’s life had been like over the past several months.
When the conversation died down Luke spoke up. “Since Debra and I have been really blessed this year, we want to share some of our good fortune.” He paused for effect. “So we’ve decided that for my big brother’s anniversary we’re going to send you guys to Hawaii.”
Peter shot a frantic glance toward Hannah who tactfully said, “That’s very kind of you. Before you leave we’ll have to check our calendar to see when we can fit it in.”
“Don’t mention it,” Luke said putting his arm around Debra. “We know that you guys have been talking about going for years now and figured ‘why not?’”
“Thanks a lot,” Peter said. “A toast to Luke and Debra and to generosity.” Peter raised his glass and the rest of the table followed his lead. Everyone took a sip, and as they turned their attention to their meal, small conversations sprang up around the table.
“It must be nice to get out of the assisted living center,” Susan said to Abraham who ate feebly.
“It’s good ta live life the way God intended it ta be lived, with laughin’ an’ jokin’ and everyone enjoyin’ each other’s company fer a day,” Abraham admitted. “Kinda makes me wish Thanksgivin’ came more than once a year. Even if it’s all faked I don’t care. At my age I’m just glad fer the opportunity ta pretend ta be happy.”
The family ate and continued making small talk. Nobody mentioned trips to the doctor, visits to storage sheds, operations, recently dissolved relationships, or those that were rapidly decaying. Unlike the rest of the family who hesitated out of tact to bring up any of the uglier aspects of the past several weeks, Lewis mentioned his note to Summer Wallburn. He explained that she had been sick all week and so he hadn’t gotten a response yet.
“She’s probably just lovesick,” Luke suggested. Lewis didn’t understand that his uncle was trying to make a joke, and looked around the blank faces of those seated at the table to try and gauge what his reaction should be.
“I think you’re a little young for a girlfriend anyway,” Hannah said.
“Oh, come on,” Peter interjected. “It’s normal for a boy his age to ask a girl out. What harm could come of it?”
“If she says yes you need to remember to treat her like a gentleman,” Julia chimed in.
“But girls really like it when you surprise them with a big kiss on the lips,” Thomas added.
“Thomas!” Julia said sharply. She turned back to Lewis. “Don’t listen to a word he says about girls. He doesn’t know anything at all.”
“She would like it if you did something spontaneous every once in a while,” Hannah corrected. She didn’t want to condone Lewis having a girlfriend at such a young age, but she couldn’t help putting in her two cents.
Lewis surveyed the table unsure of what to do with the sudden onslaught of advice.
“Don’t look at me,” Peter said. “You should just hope you get lucky and maybe everything will turn out alright in the end.”
“Don’t pay attention to your father. You never just get lucky. To have a good relationship you have to put in a lot of effort,” Hannah said in reply.
When everyone had finished eating Hannah and Debra served pie and ice cream in the living room. Polite conversation continued until Abraham began to snore.
“Julia, I think you should take your grandfather back to the nursing home,” Debra said under her breath. Susan agreed and said that she needed to be going also. Julia woke Abraham up, and with Susan’s help, led him out to the car. Once they were on the interstate, Julia spoke up.
“You remember when you told me that I should help people,” Julia said.
Abraham nodded his head.
“On my way back to my house there was this guy on the side of the road and I stopped to offer him a ride, but he had a knife. I got scared and slammed on the gas and he hit his head on the inside of my door.”
“What’d you learn from that?” Abraham asked.
“Not to stop and offer people a ride,” Julia answered. 
Susan nodded her head in agreement from the backseat.
“Maybe a young girl like you shouldn’t be offerin’ rides ta strangers, but I was hopin’ you’d learn somethin’ ‘bout being able ta get out a’ a tough spot, ‘bout bein’ able ta handle a situation. You know that when you help other people there’s always a good chance they’re goin’ ta try ta take advantage a’ you. An’ lots of those who don’t try an’ take advantage a’ you, they’re not goin’ ta ‘preciate what you’re tryin’ ta do fer ‘em. Some people’re goin’ ta be mad at you fer tryin’ ta help ‘em, an’ others’ll never believe that you’re really tryin’ ta help, and they’re goin’ ta be mean ta you ‘cause they think you’re tryin’ ta scam ‘em, ‘cause that’s what they’d be doin’ in your situation.”
“So I shouldn’t bother trying to help other people at all?” Julia asked, trying to clarify her grandfather’s advice.
“I never said that,” Abraham replied sharply. This world’s sorry enough as it is. All these smart people learnin’ that it’s easier not ta help others gets me thinkin’ that maybe we’d all be better off with some kind a’ mental problem. You learn lots a’ stuff by experience but there are some things you just got ta decide you’re not ever goin’ ta learn.
“Thomas’s used to talk like that in high school,” Julia offered. “You know, he was going to make the world a better place.”
“That boy’s more mixed up than a drunk baboon,” Abraham objected. “I never said nothing ‘bout making this whole world better ‘cause you’re never goin’ ta do that. You got ta decide not ta learn some things this world’s tryin’ ta teach you ‘cause if you learned half a’ what it’s tryin’ ta offer, you’d be just as sad as the rest of ‘em. You gotta help people so you don’t get lost in all the mess they’re lost in. You gotta do it ‘cause you really care ‘bout the people you’re tryin’ ta help an’ want ‘em ta be better. Aint nobody who doesn’t want ta make the world a better place, but not many people are goin’ ta take care a’ that bum on the street ‘cause they all care deeply ‘bout people ‘till someone needin’ help is standin’ right smack in front a’ ‘em. That’s when you know if they really mean all that stuff ‘bout makin’ the world better or not. Not that I’ve got any right ta be talkin’. I’m no better than anyone else, but that’s the way it is.”
They drove the rest of the way in silence. When they arrived at Grace Assisted Living Center, Susan helped Julia get Abraham to his room, and into his bed.
“Thanks for helping,” Julia said as she and Susan walked out of the room.
“Thanks for inviting me,” Susan answered.
“I kind of forced it on you,” Julia admitted. “Were you glad you came?”
“Of course.”
“It seemed like you were pretty uncomfortable is why I ask.”
“Your family was really great, but,” Susan began, but hesitated.
“But what?”
“Well, I don’t know if I should say”
“Well you have to now. What is it?” Julia urged.
“Does your dad by any chance go out to drink after work?”
“He has been going out to the bars a little more lately. I think he used to have a real problem with alcohol. Why?”
“I’m pretty sure that he’s hit on me before.”
“What do you mean?”
“I was out with one of my girlfriends and he was there with this other guy. They sat next to us at the bar and started asking us the same kinds of questions that guys always ask when they’re interested. I don’t think he remembered me though. I wouldn’t have expected him to because I wasn’t exactly dressed professionally if you know what I mean.”
Julia stared blankly.
“I’m sorry,” Susan said quickly. “I shouldn’t have said anything. I wasn’t thinking about him being your father and all. And maybe it was another guy who just looked like him. I might have been mistaken. I shouldn’t have said anything about it. You should just forget everything.”
“No. I’m glad to know,” Julia said. “I’m done hiding from facts just because they’re not pleasant. But even if it had been my father who hit on you, you wouldn’t have needed to worry, not with my family at least. They’re so busy being afraid that someone will discover their own secrets that they don’t have time to notice anyone else’s. Sometimes I think being a completely worthless human being runs in our family.” Julia didn’t address this last comment to anyone in particular.
“Don’t be so hard on your relatives. It runs in everyone’s family. At least you guys still get together on Thanksgiving. My family doesn’t even do that anymore.”
“I’d rather have everything crumble down than be held up by a façade,” Julia said.
“Maybe,” Susan said. “But either way I was really glad to be able to eat with you guys. I’m thankful for that. It makes me forget that I don’t have much else. That’s why suicides are so high this time of year you know. I especially see it in my line of work. Who knows, maybe your family’s façade kept me from spending the afternoon depressed; it might have saved my life.” There was enough humor in Susan’s voice that Julia couldn’t tell if she was being serious or only trying to comfort her with a macabre joke. 
“Maybe so,” Julia said with forced levity.
Chapter 12
“Unseen Stars”
The night my house burned down
Mrs. Johnson came out and stood with my mom
who was wrapped up in grandma’s old quilt.
The other neighbors stood or sat on their porches.
Tommy Johnson, my best friend, climbed on the fire truck.
But I didn’t feel like playing.
My teacher at school told me that I shouldn’t be sad.
She told me that there were kids all over the world
who never had houses or toys. A lot of them never got food either.
She said I should be happy because I was so much luckier than them.
But I was sad anyway.
At science time we learned about stars.
My teacher said that stars are huge balls of fire.
“They’re bigger than the whole world,” she said.
But they didn’t light up the night like my house did.
When my house was burning down nobody paid any attention
to the huge balls of fire that burned way up in the sky.
Little fires shine brighter if they’re close to home.

On Friday the family ate leftovers, another Manchell family tradition. After lunch Debra helped Hannah convert some of the remaining turkey into turkey and dumplings, and Hannah resisted the urge to ask Debra how someone so tactful and sophisticated could take such a socially inept buffoon for her husband. When the phone rang Hannah wiped her hands off on a dishrag and picked up the receiver. It was Mrs. Johnson.
“Do you think Lewis could come over here?” she asked.
“I thought you guys were going to be in Colorado to visit your family,” Hannah said.
“So did Tommy. I don’t know where he got that idea, but he had his hopes up and he was bummed all day yesterday. I was thinking that if he could play with Lewis it would help cheer him up.”
“That sounds like a good idea, but it would be better if you could bring Tommy over here. We’ve got relatives over, and for some unknown reason Lewis loves his uncle.”
“Who’s on the phone,” Lewis said enthusiastically after hearing his name mentioned.
“Tommy Johnson’s mother.”
“Can Tommy come over? He can see Uncle Luke’s magic tricks!”
“Yes.”
“Can he stay the night?” Lewis asked with even more excitement.
“Just a minute,” Hannah said and then asked into the phone, “Do you think Tommy could stay the night.”
“I don’t know why not,” Mrs. Johnson said.
“Can he? Can he?” Lewis asked impatiently.
“Yes.”
Lewis ran into the living room shouting, “Uncle Luke, Uncle Luke, my friend’s coming over; can you show him your magic tricks.
“We’ll see you in a little while,” Hannah said and hung up the phone.
Debra was still in the kitchen enjoying the events that transpired around her.
“You’re so lucky to have a big family like this,” she said when Hannah joined her.
“It has its down side too,” Hannah said.
“Luke and I are thinking about adopting. Seeing you guys all together makes us wish we’d adopted earlier.”
Hannah tried not to imagine what a child raised by Luke Manchell would end up like, and told Debra, “You know that adopting a child is a big decision. You should really think it over and be certain.”
“We’ve been talking about it, and we’ve almost decided to get a little girl from China. Luke doesn’t want us to mention it to anyone until we’re certain so don’t say anything to Peter.”
“Don’t worry. I won’t. I’ll tell you one of our little secrets. Peter and I aren’t exactly on the best of terms these days and I don’t think we’re going to be together much longer.” Hannah didn’t know why she was confiding in Debra, maybe it was because, with the exception of Abigail, she hadn’t told anyone, maybe because in her subconscious she wanted to ruin her husband’s reputation among what little family he had left, or maybe the words that had been welling up in her heart for so long boiled up to the point of overflowing and couldn’t be held back any longer.
Debra obviously didn’t know how to react to the announcement. After a brief awkward moment she said, “I’m sorry to hear that,” and both women devoted their attention to making dumplings.
Tommy and his mother arrived just in time for supper. Tommy ran inside when he saw Lewis waving him into the living room. 
“Do you want to come in and eat with us?” Hannah asked. “We’re having turkey and dumplings.”
“I’d love to but I’ve already eaten,” Mrs. Johnson replied politely and then added, “Thank you so much for letting Tommy come over. I can’t say how much it’s done to lift his spirits.”
“No problem at all,” Hannah said.
When Mrs. Johnson left, Hannah closed the front door and went back to the living room where Lewis and Tommy sat in awe of Uncle Luke, who was cutting a penny in half and putting it back together again.
After dinner the family watched a movie together and then, with the exception of Lewis and Tommy, everyone dispersed to their respective bedrooms.
“Do you want some pancakes?” Lewis asked Tommy. They were the only ones in the kitchen.
“Who’s gonna make them?” Tommy asked.
“We can. I watched my dad do it the other morning. And we can put whatever we want in them.”
Tommy agreed and soon they had concocted a pancake batter that included sugar, cinnamon, chocolate chips, and green food coloring. Tommy had found the food coloring and Lewis felt like it would be the perfect touch.
“I think you’re supposed to get the pan really hot first to get all the water out or something,” Lewis said as he pulled the cast-iron skillet out of the bottom cabinet. He put it on the front burner of the stove and turned the knob to high. The boys watched in amazement as the skillet changed hue.
“Now we have to put butter in it so the pancakes don’t stick,” Lewis said didactically. He scooped out a gob of butter and plopped it down inside the scalding cast-iron. The butter melted almost immediately and then began to smoke.
“Is it supposed to do that?” Tommy asked nervously.
Before Lewis could answer the butter burst into flame.
“Quick, quick, get it off the stove,” Tommy said, being careful not to shout.
Lewis grabbed one of the hot pads that hung over the stove and picked the flaming skillet up and set it down on the counter. In his haste he didn’t realize that it was directly under the roll of paper towels that stuck out from the wall, which caught fire before either boy realized their mistake. They swatted timidly at the flames that shot out from the roll and succeeded only in knocking it off of the holder where it landed on the toaster.
Lewis desperately wanted to yell, to call his mom and dad to come in and fix the situation, but fear and shame overcame the urge and he watched, frozen and unable to act, as the fire spread from the role of paper towels to the electrical cord of the old toaster and then into wall socket.
“Let’s go,” he said to Tommy, and both boys moved into Lewis’s bedroom as quickly and quietly as they could. They crawled into bed without making a sound so as not to wake up Thomas who was already asleep on the floor. They pulled the covers up over their heads and didn’t say anything, hoping that the fire in the kitchen would burn itself out, or the smoke detector would go off and someone else would extinguish the flames.
* * *
Minutes crawled by while the boys waited in Lewis’s bedroom. The smoke detector in the hallway was the first to go off, because Hannah had never gotten around to replacing the battery that she’d taken out of the unit in the kitchen. Sleepy-eyed members of the family filed out of their rooms and met in the hallway. They viewed the obnoxious beeping of the smoke detector as an annoying interruption to their sleep. 
Debra, who was wrapped up in an old quilt, was the first to think that the house might actually be on fire, and suggested that everyone go outside just to be safe. She led the way as groggy bodies meandered out of the house and into the courtyard. Nobody took her seriously. Thomas went back for his wallet, phone and keys, as if he were completing his normal morning routine. Even Peter went back for his phone. In their sleepy stupor nobody thought there was actually a fire, and it took an inordinate amount of time for them to leave the edifice.
Peter was the last one leaving the house and it wasn’t until he actually saw the smoke collecting at the ceiling that anyone realized that the house was in fact on fire. Even then the immediacy of the situation didn’t sink in. He used his phone to call the fire department and report the emergency. He gave the operator all of the pertinent information, and she complimented him on how calm he had remained in the midst of an emergency. 
The family gathered together on the front lawn and for the first time saw the flames that were gutting the inside of their home as they danced within the front window. Nobody said anything, not even Luke, especially not Lewis or Tommy. They still couldn’t associate the flames that consumed the frame of the house with the loss of everything they owned. The icy winter wind was more than enough to make sure that everyone standing on the lawn was completely awake. Debra offered Hannah the quilt she’d walked out with, and the façade finally came crashing down as the flames began to take their toll on key structural sections of the house.
The fire truck didn’t seem like it would ever come. Peter pulled the cell phone from his pocket to call again, more frantic this time, but put it away when he heard the sound of sirens down the street. 
“You brought your cell phone?” Hannah asked in disbelief. Peter shrugged his shoulders, and soon the whirling red lights from the fire engine played upon the fronts of all the houses in the neighborhood as the truck pulled up to the curb. Human figures emerged from the machination carrying hoses and equipment. In less than a minute water was being thrown onto the burning structure, in what appeared to be a vain effort to extinguish the flames that threatened everything that had once been the Manchell family household. 
Peter suggested that Tommy call his mother and handed him the phone. The neighbors fulfilled their societal obligations by meandering onto their respective lawns to watch the spectacle from a safe distance. Like good neighbors they observed the tragedy without making any attempt to interfere in the affairs of those around them. Hannah hated their prying eyes, even though she knew that her family would have done the same. Julia hated the fact that none of them did anything to help, though she couldn’t have said how the congregation of strangers could have made the situation better. Thomas felt secretly glad that most of his valuables were no longer stored in his parents’ house, but felt ashamed for his relief in that moment. Lewis was completely quiet, unable feel anything but fear. He positioned himself so that his uncle stood between him and the rest of the family. The trapped feeling of knowing that he would be found out, and knowing that his sentence would be worse than he could imagine, worked as a multiplier increasing his fear and shame tenfold. 
The Manchell’s watched helplessly. A fireman overheard Thomas ask where they would sleep that night and said that usually insurance would pay for a hotel. Julia felt certain that none of the spectators would think to invite the displaced family into their home. They didn’t. When Peter overheard the fireman’s suggestion he pulled out the cell phone. Hannah asked who he was calling, and he told her that he was calling the insurance agent because they were always boasting about going the extra mile, and being there for their clients. He wanted that wiry pot-marked face with glasses out there with them while the firemen put out the last of the flames that flickered in the ruined household.
More time passed and Mrs. Johnson showed up. She ran to Tommy who was sitting on the bright red fire engine and scooped him up in her arms. Then she looked up at the shell of a house. Julia watched her as the grim realization of what had occurred, of what was still occurring on the Manchell family’ front lawn, swept across her face, replacing the initial relief that had washed over the panicked mother when she’d first seen that her son was safe.
Silence prevailed. Only the firemen spoke and their voices seemed remote, as if they came from a faraway fantasy world, infinitely removed from the reality that had come crashing down on the front lawn where men and women who shared a last name stood shocked and alone.
About fifteen minutes later another car pulled up behind the fire truck and an overweight man who Peter greeted stepped out of the car.
“Who’s this?” Thomas asked
Much to Julia’s surprise, Peter introduced the man as their insurance agent. Hannah didn’t know whether she was more amazed at Peter’s audacity in calling the man in the middle of the night, or the fact that he had actually appeared on their front lawn in so little time. Lewis watched as the potbelly went over to the fire truck and talked to some of the firemen, who had by that time wrapped Debra up in a blanket. Lewis knew that this fat man would be the one to find him out and expose the secret. His eyes followed the agent as he surveyed the damages and then went back to where Peter and Hannah were standing.
“I’m really sorry for your loss. I’ll get working on your claim first thing in the morning, and if you’re eligible then you should have the money by the end of the week,” the stranger said professionally. Lewis couldn’t hear what was being said but he knew that he’d been caught.
“What do you mean by ‘if you’re eligible,’” Peter asked. He was frantic and angry.
“We’ll obviously have to do an arson investigation before we can approve your claim,” the agent said.
“Is that really necessary?” Peter asked.
“It’s a routine procedure, but especially in cases like yours.”
“What do you mean by cases like yours?” Hannah asked. The rest of the family had been preoccupied with their own personal dilemmas, but everyone except Lewis and Debra came in close together when they heard Peter and Hannah’s raised voices. Even Tommy and Mrs. Johnson took a few steps toward the crowd to try and hear what the commotion was about.
“Well in cases like yours when people have problems with their mortgage, are filing for, well you know, or even just have marital problems, we find that domestic arson isn’t uncommon.”
“My parents aren’t having marital problems,” Thomas said stepping up to the insurance agent.
“How did you know about that?” Hannah asked ignoring her son.
“That doesn’t really,” the man began to say. He glanced over his shoulder to the place where Debra stood talking with some of the firemen but didn’t finish his sentence. “It’s my job to be aware of these sorts of things,” he said firmly, then quickly added in a more compassionate voice, “But you shouldn’t be worried. I’m sure it was an accident and everything will be taken care of by the end of next week.”
Lewis saw the man look away from his parents and in his direction. He slinked further off into the shadow of the fire engine.
“Are you really having problems?” Thomas demanded.
Peter and Hannah looked back and forth from each other to their son.
“Are you?” he asked again.
They didn’t know how to respond, but the silence was all the confirmation Thomas needed.
“Why are you doing this? Why are you breaking up the family?” he shouted as the fire department went through the scorched frame and ashes, all that was left of the house he’d grown up in, an image of the stability and consistency that had eluded him for the past several months while living in the dorms.
He didn’t know or care that the house had been built when the principle of planned obsolescence prevailed, or that it couldn’t have lasted much longer because it had been built on a bad foundation; his family never talked about such things. It hadn’t been an old house, but it was already showing signs of deterioration. Monetarily speaking the maintenance that the house needed would have cost nearly as much as the house was worth. Peter and Hannah had known about the problem of their decaying home for years, but had only addressed it when a specific problem came to the surface. And even then they had only administered the easiest cosmetic solution, in the vain hope that if they ignored the fundamental problems in the house’s design everything would somehow resolve itself.
As the family stood outside the burning house Peter and Hannah both knew that all those problems had resolved themselves in the only way possible.
“Why are you doing this to the family?” Thomas demanded again.
“Your dad and I haven’t been a family for a long time. We’re just two people whose lives bump into each other from time to time,” Hannah said glibly.
“What you’re mother’s trying to say is that,” Peter began.
“You don’t have to pretty it up!” Thomas shouted. Then he found his car keys that he had instinctively placed in his pocket before leaving the burning building. He unlocked the front door and stepped in as Peter and Hannah followed behind him.
“Where are you going?” Peter shouted.
“Home.”
“What do you mean home?” Hannah asked.
“You know, my dorm room, where I live.”
“That’s a three and a half hour drive. At least wait until the morning so you don’t fall asleep at the wheel,” Hannah pleaded.
“I’ll be fine.”
“Look son, home isn’t just a place where,” Peter began but was cut off by the slamming door and the rumbling of the engine.
Peter and Hannah could only watch as their son’s car braked at the intersection and turned onto the main road and out of sight. Lewis was still hiding, glad that nobody had tried to find him. Luke and Debra decided to get a hotel room so they wouldn’t be in the way of ‘family business.’ Julia borrowed the insurance agent’s cell phone to call Sara and made arrangements to stay with her family that night. Mrs. Johnson offered to take Lewis for as long as necessary. And when the fire truck pulled away from the curb, the family followed it, each going in their separate directions, until Peter and Hannah were alone in the shadow of the charred wood that had once been a beautiful addition to the neighborhood, but was now nothing more than an eyesore.
* * *
At that same moment a blonde woman was sitting across from her only friend smoking a cigarette and sipping on the coffee that the man behind the counter brought out to her.
“Thanks for coming out with me,” she said, and wrapped her cold fingers around the steaming mug, pausing to enjoy the warm sensation.
“No problem. It’s been too long since I’ve really gotten out,” her friend returned. “I was about to become that middle-aged lady who goes to bed at 9:30 every night. 
They enjoyed their coffee and each other’s company in silence.
“Are you feeling okay? You haven’t really seemed like yourself tonight.”
Susan put down her coffee and situated herself in her chair, as if she’d been waiting all evening for her friend to ask her that very question.
“I’ve been thinking a lot these past few days,” she answered.
“About what?”
“Working at the old folks home has made me realize that everything about my life seems empty and pointless. It’s like nothing I’ve ever done has ever really mattered. You know that guy in the home, the one who should be dead?”
“You’ve mentioned him a few times,” her friend answered.
“Yeah, him. It was his family that I ate with yesterday, and he said some things that got me thinking about how we are. And today at work I went in to visit him on my break and he told me some stuff that made me think about the way my life’s going. I’d always written him off because he was just like all the other nuts in that place, but now I don’t know what to make of him. There’s more sense in what he says than I saw at first.”
Her friend didn’t respond but waited patiently for the blonde woman to continue.
“I don’t want to end up like him, all alone in some nursing home, and that got me thinking that I want to live life differently. When I do get old, I don’t want to end up in a bed, spending what’s left of life regretting everything that I never did,” Susan said, and extinguished her cigarette in the ashtray.
Part II

Chapter 1
Home
When I return to my ratty apartment
the stress of long days dissipates
into the dingy white walls,
but as I look for a much needed snack
the handle to the pantry door falls off.
I trudge through snow and slush
on my way to and from the mundane
affairs of my life,
and in those moments I long 
for a cozy fire and a cup
of hot chocolate to warm my body.
But even when I’m sitting in my arm chair, 
watching a sitcom, while 
who knows what drips from the ceiling, 
coming from a bathtub or dishwasher 
belonging to the girls who live above me, 
I long for Home.

“Whatever happened to all those talks about living a better life?”
“What about them?” the blonde woman asked.
“During the holidays you were set on turning your life around, being nicer to people, being intentional with your time. You were sick of ‘floating through life.’ And you got me to make all those New Year’s resolutions with you, but we’re still waking up in the morning with just enough time to make it to work, and we’re still coming home to watch the news before dinner and primetime.”
“What about it?” the blonde woman asked maintaining her emphatic aloofness.
“It’s only March and you’ve already,” her friend hesitated. “I was really hoping that you’d actually see them through, for your sake, because you really wanted it.”
“People don’t ever really change,” the blonde woman said. “They just wish that they could.” 
“You’re wrong. You have changed. You used to be popular. You went out on dates and had a social life. You knew people and had friends who cared about you; some of them still do you know.”
“Then maybe people do change, but it’s only change for the worse. We get older and learn what the world is really like, and that realization wears us down. Some people learn sooner than others, but in the end the only happy people are the ones who haven’t ever experienced the world the way it really is. Given time they’ll end up jaded too. Everyone has learned to give up on life by the time they walk through the front doors where I work.” The blonde woman pulled out a cigarette and tapped it on the table.
“I’m sorry but I can’t believe that that’s true.”
“I wish you were right. I hope you’re right.”
* * *
On the morning of March 13th Abraham Thomas Manchell woke up and began reading the last of the old western novels Peter had brought him.
* * *
Thomas walked along the sidewalk lined on both sides by the snow that had fallen the night before. When he got to campus in the morning it was smooth and pristine. Now blades of dry dead grass were beginning to sprout, and the snow along the streets and sidewalks had faded into a dingy grey. The cold blanket seemed to infuse new life into the campus that morning, and even Thomas had been excited—snow in March wasn’t a common occurrence. But now his only concern was getting back to the little apartment he’d rented for the semester.
It had seemed like a good move a few months ago, getting away from the immaturity inherent in the dorms and the fraternity, and into an environment where he could really focus on his studies. Now he regretted the twenty minute walk—the waste of time—that he had to endure twice a day. When he got to the apartment complex he fidgeted with the key; his fingers were numb. He finally got it to turn in the frozen lock and pushed his way into the cold apartment. He went straight to the thermostat and turned it up to sixty-three degrees. He couldn’t justify turning it up any further, knowing how much the electric bill would be. Then he went back to the kitchen. It was dingy, what one would expect from the cheapest apartment within walking distance of a major college campus. 
He was careful to turn the doorknob on the pantry door before pulling it towards him. A screw had come loose a week ago, and every time he forgot to turn before pulling he was left with a closed door and an unattached doorknob in his hand.
He reminded himself that he had to call the front office, just like he’d reminded himself every day for the last week.
* * *
That same afternoon, Peter Manchell sat in his new SUV heading to his new apartment. It was a different highway than what he had taken on the way home from work for the past decade, different scenery and a different life, but the traffic was the same. The three and a half feet that separated him from the overweight man riding in the passenger side of the car to his left still seemed to be a world away. His cell phone rang.
“Hello,” Peter said.
“Dad?” The voice on the other end belonged to Thomas.
“Hey son.”
“Are you driving?” Thomas asked.
“I’m in the car.”
“I’ll call back then.”
“Don’t worry about it. The traffic’s stop and go now. What’s going on?”
“I was planning on coming down to the city this weekend and couldn’t find the directions to your apartment.”
“You don’t remember how to get there?”
“Come on Dad, I’ve only driven there a few times and it’s only on the complete opposite side of the city.”
“Okay, when you’re on the interstate going south, take the exit for,” Peter began.
“I just need the address and I’ll get a map from the internet. This is the 21st century you know.”
“Of course. It’s 3241 S. Springwood.”
“Thanks Dad. I’ll see you Friday afternoon.”
Peter hung up the phone and turned up the radio in a futile attempt to drown out the foul mood that the afternoon traffic had produced in him. 
“Come on,” Peter shouted at the windshield. He still didn’t know why he was in a hurry to get home. The car seat was every bit as comfortable as the used sofa he’d purchased for his temporary living arrangement. He didn’t have any plans; there were no pressing engagements. In fact he knew that once he got home he’d only fritter away the evening watching sitcoms. Nevertheless, he was in a hurry to do so.
* * *
“You ready for scouts?” Luke asked.
Lewis put down the video game controller that had connected him to the television ever since he got home from school. At his uncle’s prompting he saved his game and rushed back to his room to get changed. He threw off his t-shirt and buttoned up the beige uniform shirt that his uncle had purchased for him. It wasn’t childish like the blue Cub Scout shirt. He felt sophisticated and important in that uniform, and he relished buttoning each button. He went to the bathroom and looked at himself in the mirror admiring the red epilates until his uncle’s voice called him from the living room. Those red epilates signified that he’d taken another major step in his life—he was a real boy scout, and soon he would be going on a real camping trip.
“Let’s go or we’re going to be late,” Luke called.
Lewis rushed out of the bathroom and followed his uncle into the garage where he hopped excitedly into the passenger seat of the car.
“Do you know what you’re going to do this week?” Luke asked excitedly. “We’re learning to use hatchets so we can get firewood on the spring break hike! And then we’re going to practice setting up tents and then we’re going to . . .”
* * *
Hannah Manchell held her head up as she stepped into Abigail’s townhouse, in which she’d taken residence after the fire. 
“I won’t have you staying in some hotel,” Abigail had insisted. The moving process didn’t take much, just transporting clothes from the drycleaners—they all reeked of smoke—and a few boxes of knickknacks and some furniture that had survived the flames. 
Despite the passage of several months, Hannah still walked timidly across the living room, as if she didn’t belong. The briefcase that Hannah held firmly in her left hand contained almost a week’s worth of work. She would have finished going over all of it that evening if time would only consent to stand still for her. She opened the front door and went to the study where she felt most at home. She sat at Abigail’s old desk; hers hadn’t survived the fire, and opened the briefcase. She spread a few pages out on the desk and stared at them for a few seconds before getting started on the main pile of work she’d brought from the office.
She worked furiously, allowing her consciousness to be completely absorbed in the pile of papers. From time to time she glanced over at the phone and wished desperately that it would ring, though she didn’t know who would be calling for her. It never did.
* * *
“Hey Lewis, watch this,” James Guthrie called out. Lewis turned around in time to see the freckle faced boy balancing a match between his left index finger and the matchbox, which he was holding up with his left thumb and middle finger. With his right hand he flicked the match so that it lit on the strip as it flew from the matchbox and spiraled toward him. Lewis was sitting down in one of the folding chairs waiting for his turn to go out and practice with the hatchet, and couldn’t move in time to avoid the match, which landed in his lap and went out without so much as singeing his uniform pants. Despite the fact that he could see that no harm had been done, he frantically exclaimed, “What’d you do that for?”
James smiled mischievously, shrugged his shoulders with complete indifference, and replied, “I don’t know. I felt like it.”
“You could’ve burned my pants or set me on fire.” Lewis was doing his best to fight back tears. He didn’t understand why the incident had upset him so much. He could see that his pants hadn’t been harmed, and he knew from practicing starting fires last week that one little match could hardly set him on fire so easily. Maybe it was the fact that Tommy Johnson would never do something like that to him, or maybe because he was startled and confused, not understanding why someone would want to flick a match at him for no reason. So many maybes flooded his mind, and he knew he couldn’t keep back the tears. He knew without a doubt that tears would lead to laughing, and teasing, and maybe even more matches. He turned his back so that James couldn’t see his face and walked calmly out of the room, and turned the corner down the hall. As soon as he was around the corner he ran to the bathroom and closed the door behind him.
The Boy Scout troop met in the foyer of a local church building. As Lewis stood in front of the bathroom mirror, trying to calm down so he could go back out and be ready when his turn came to practice using the hatchet, he saw a cartoon picture of Jesus surrounded by cartoon children who were all playing together and laughing. Nobody was flicking matches at anybody else, and the grass was green. Everything looked right. It all looked so fake, but everything was right.
Lewis tried hard to understand why the world wasn’t like that. He couldn’t conceive of a logical explanation for why people wouldn’t want to be happy and get along with each other. He looked at the little picture of paradise on a sunny green hill and knew that the picture wasn’t real, but he wished that it were. He wiped the snot from his nose with the sleeve of his uniform and went back out to the foyer to wait for his turn. He didn’t talk to anyone, but he saw James Guthrie sneaking up behind one of the other boys with a match balanced between his left finger and the matchbox.
* * *
Julia went to Sara’s house after rehearsal on that Thursday. She didn’t knock like she’d done at first. Every now and then she forgot herself and rang the doorbell. Mrs. Peterson would always come to open the door for her with forced politeness, but each time Julia could tell that she was slightly offended. Her face seemed to say, “How long have you been staying here and you still ring the doorbell?” But her voice maintained its soft melodic quality as it said, “You really can just let yourself in now. That’s why we gave you a key.”
This time Julia didn’t ring the doorbell, and opened the door, which had been left unlocked, and went into the second room on her right. The room had been a study of some sort a few months ago, but had been hastily converted into a guest bedroom after the fire. She flung her backpack into the back corner and turned around when she heard Sara coming toward her down the hallway.
“You’re home early,” Sara said cheerfully.
“I had to leave rehearsal early,” Julia muttered. 
Sara stopped walking. “You never talk about rehearsal,” she said in surprise.
“I guess I have kept that whole part of my life sectioned off,” Julia said pensively, as if she were realizing the fact for the first time herself.
“Anyway, what happened?” Sara asked with genuine curiosity.
“Nothing. I don’t want to talk about it right now,” Julia said.
* * *
After seventy minutes of cursing and bumper to bumper traffic Peter pulled into the parking spot marked D12. He turned off the car and stepped outside. The wind blew into the opened car door, and created a flurry of hamburger wrappers and straw paper before he slammed it shut. A young couple rushed past him as he walked across the parking lot. The girl was beautiful and she clung tightly to the boy’s arm as they raced to his car. The wind blew her hair in her face while she waited for the boy to open the door, and she laughed as she kissed him before stepping into the car. Peter glanced at them over his shoulder, and tripped on the curb. He only barely managed to keep from falling. He stole one last glance at the lovebirds before devoting his attention to the creaky steps that led up to his apartment. He jiggled the key in the door until he managed to turn the lock and disappear inside the door.
When he walked inside, the carpet, the walls, the temporary furniture, everything reminded him of how low the rent was. He tossed his briefcase on the dining room table as he walked past it and collapsed into the couch, which gave way so much that it felt like he was being swallowed up by the cushions. Getting up from the monstrosity always proved difficult, but it was a task that Peter didn’t anticipate attempting for several hours thanks to fresh batteries in the remote and a full bag of snack crackers on the end table.
The news, sitcoms, drama, and primetime flickered on the screen in front of him, and his restlessness found an outlet in his right thumb as it clicked feverishly. He couldn’t force himself to stay on just one channel; even if he really enjoyed a certain program, he changed it as soon as it came to a commercial break. In this way he passed over several shows that he might have enjoyed in favor of a montage of programming that seemed to be strewn together into one unorganized mess of a program—the same show he’d watched every night for so long. The day faded into evening and evening began to give way to night, which was what Peter had been waiting for ever since he woke up in the morning, not because of any specific plans, but simply because then it would be time to go to sleep again. All day at the office he had been looking forward to this nothing, looking forward to it in the same spirit as his coworkers were looking forward to going out on dates or spending time with their families.
At some point during the evening, Peter, though his body had no reason whatsoever to be tired, began to feel drowsy. He found a basketball game on a sports network and woke up around halftime. The nap was too refreshing, and Peter cursed himself for dozing off, knowing that as a result he’d have a much harder time getting to sleep later that night. He thought about going out, just driving with no planned destination. Then he considered driving by Hannah’s place, or the old house. But in the end he never got up from the couch. Life hadn’t changed a bit, except there was nobody to nag him—not that Hannah had nagged—but the thought of her being in the house with him had always made him feel guilty about being such a bum. He reasoned that the guilt was worse than nagging, and changed the channel again.
* * *
 “You know I don’t think you should have agreed to Lewis staying with his uncle,” Abigail said over the phone. “It’s like you’re just giving up on the custody battle. You want to be able to convince the court that he needs you more, and that not only Peter, but his entire side of the family, is incompetent and couldn’t handle the responsibility of raising a son.”
“I know it seems like I’m giving Peter an edge,” Hannah confessed. “But there’s no way he can win this one. Besides, I don’t want Lewis living here in your townhouse. It’s great for me now but it’s not where I want to raise my son.”
“First of all it’s your townhouse since I moved out months ago. The lease is in your name now; you signed it.”
“I know. I still have a hard time thinking of this place as home, that’s all.”
“You signed the lease and extended it out for another year.” Abigail became accusatory.
“What’s that got to do with anything?” Hannah fired back.
“If it doesn’t feel like home, and you don’t want to keep Lewis there, why did you extend the lease? Do you even want to win this custody battle?”
“Of course I do! How could you insinuate that,” Hannah didn’t finish.
“Do you really?”
“I love my son and all I want is for him to be with me. He can’t be with Peter. I have to win custody because I can’t let Peter have him. That would be disastrous.”
“I believe that you don’t want Peter to win custody, but if you really wanted your son why did you extend the lease?”
“The lease was up and the early termination fee was cheaper than just going month to month. I didn’t think it would have any bearing on the case. But a momentary lapse in judgment doesn’t prove that I don’t want custody of my son.”
“Not in court at least,” Abigail mused.
“What do you mean?”
“Just that your year long lease won’t have any affect in a court of law. Neither will the fact that you let your son stay with his uncle and aunt. None of those things will be able to prove in a court of law that you don’t really want custody of your son. Peter’s lawyer probably won’t ever think to make mention of them.”
“No I’m sure he won’t,” Hannah retorted.
After courteous goodbyes Hannah hung up the phone and sunk into Abigail’s sofa. Or was it hers? Had Abigail left it as a gift, or just out of convenience? She got up from the couch, unsure of whose it was, and went into the study that was legally hers but still felt like Abigail’s. She sat at the desk that wasn’t anymore hers than anything else in the townhouse and pulled out some of the papers from her briefcase. She sat at that desk working until she forgot that everything around her felt so foreign, until the ambiance faded away completely and all that existed was her and those papers—something familiar, the closest thing she had to home.
* * *
“Make yourself at home,” Mr. Peterson said when Julia walked into the living room. He and his wife were snuggled up under a blanket on the couch. Julia wasn’t sure what she was interrupting, but noticed that the television wasn’t on.
“I’m just getting a glass of water,” she replied. 
It was a lie, but Julia walked past them into the kitchen and got a glass out of the olive colored cabinet. She broke some ice out of one of the trays and put two cubes in her glass before filling it with water out of the beige kitchen sink. She still didn’t feel at ease walking into the kitchen for a late night snack. Maybe if the cabinets were mahogany, or if the freezer had an icemaker, or if the sink were a sleek silver she would have felt more comfortable. She’d tried to offer paying rent, but they wouldn’t even consider it.
“We’d be ashamed if you gave us a single penny,” Mrs. Peterson said firmly when it became apparent that Julia’s stay was going to be longer than what they had expected at first.
Julia went back to her room with the glass of water and sat down at the little desk to finish her homework. She put her headphones in her ears and forgot the outside world until Sara poked her head into the room and asked, “Is it due tomorrow?”
Julia took the headphones out of her ears and gave Sara a blank look.
“Is it due tomorrow?” Sara repeated.
“Not until next week. It’s that stupid story we have to write for senior English.”
“I haven’t even started mine,” Sara confessed. 
Julia waited, but Sara didn’t leave or enter the room. Finally, Julia put down her pen as if to say, “What do you want to talk about?”
“You know that Jason called earlier,” Sara offered. “That’s who I was on the phone with for so long.”
Julia wasn’t aware that the phone had rung. She wasn’t aware of much that went on in the rest of the house when she was wearing the headphones.
“What’d you talk about?” she asked. 
“You,” Sara answered.
“You talked about me!”
“He called about something different . . . about . . . but that doesn’t matter, and I mentioned what you told me about theater practice being tough, and he wanted to know if you were okay.”
“What did you tell him?”
“The truth,” Sara said sheepishly.
“And what is the truth?”
“I told him that I didn’t know if you were okay. Are you?”
“I’m fine. I wasn’t really as upset as I made it sound earlier. Something happened that made me remember something else from a while back, but I’m fine,” Julia said.
“You’re really okay?”
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure at least.”
Sara turned to leave but stopped in the hallway, as if she’d just remembered something important.
“You know you don’t have to always use headphones. Nobody’s going to mind if you listen to music in your room, and it doesn’t bother my parents. They noticed that you always wore headphones, and they wanted me to tell you that you should feel comfortable here. Goodnight.”
Sara closed the door behind her and Julia put the headphones back into her ears as she pulled the chair back up to the little desk.
* * *
 “Yes I’ve got a problem with something leaking from my ceiling . . . I know the office closes in twenty minutes . . . because the leaking just now started . . . no it can’t wait until tomorrow . . . because there’s something leaking from the apartment above me all over the floor . . . fine. While you’re at it maybe you can bring a screw to fix this doorknob . . . bye.”
Thomas hung up the phone in exasperation and paced up and down the hallway until someone knocked on the door. He opened it and let the maintenance man in. He was poorly dressed: ratty jeans, a t-shirt, and a yellow baseball cap that didn’t come close to matching.
“Man alive, you wasn’t kidding about that leak!” he exclaimed. “But it looks to me like it’s coming from the apartment right above ya.”
“That’s what I said over the phone.”
“Probly got a crack in the pipes. Have to get on that first thing tomorrow.”
The leak had spread out along the ceiling and was now dripping in three places. The handyman left without saying a word and soon reappeared with two buckets which he placed under two of the drips.
“What about the third one?” Thomas asked.
“I only found two buckets. Maybe you can use a pan or something.” The friendliness of the suggestion seemed so genuine that Thomas didn’t know if the man was only trying to avoid a scene or if he really didn’t understand that he was acting like a complete idiot.
When the handyman left, Thomas went back to the pantry, put the knob back in the hole in the door and opened it, carefully this time. He spent several minutes trying to decide between instant noodles and a peanut butter sandwich. He had just decided on the sandwich because it didn’t require boiling water when his cell phone rang. It was Mark.
“You know Abdul from the floor?” Mark asked.
“Not very well but I know who you’re talking about.”
“Well he’s never seen snow before. He’s from Saudi Arabia or Iran or one of those places you know, and we were going to all go out and have a snowball fight or make a snowman or something like that. He’s really excited and me and John were wondering if you wanted to come over.”
“Sure I’ll be right over.”
“We don’t hang out that much since you moved out of the dorms. You liking the apartment?”
“It has a few problems but overall it’s a really good setup.”
Thomas said goodbye and hung up the phone. He wondered if the buckets would be overflowing by the time he got back home, realized that he didn’t really care about the carpet being ruined, put on his jacket, and turned the thermostat off before escaping out the front door.
* * *
Abraham finished the western and tossed it on the floor next to his bed before closing his eyes and drifting off to sleep.
Chapter 2
Making a Sandwich
At three in the morning the world was dead. 
The only sound of life came 
from the subtle humming of the refrigerator motor, 
never noticeable during all the commotion that 
the sun brings at dawn. 
But at night worry and the siren’s call beckoned him, 
despite a stomach that was too twisted up to eat, 
and a worn out diet plan contrived to shortcut 
losing weight without exercise. 
With an infomercial selling another guaranteed
weight loss pill playing in the background
he stacked meat and cheeses 
between two condiment-soaked slices of bread, 
and then added more meat and cheese, 
and another mayo stained slab of rye on top for good measures. 
Long days were the best diet plan, and,
while the sandwich sat 
on the small plate on the end table next to the recliner,
his mind continued to replay the day’s events 
much like the worn out reruns that he had watched earlier that night.
Tomorrow would be just as predictable as that episode of M*A*S*H*,
though not nearly as humorous.
His thumb pressed down on the channel button rapidly, 
flipping through programming 
that the revealing sunlight would drive away at daybreak,
programming that he would have enjoyed on most nights. 
He had never been a religious man but stopped on the Catholic channel.
An overweight nun raved about the evils of contraceptives 
and his sandwich sat, uneaten on the end table.
By morning it would be too stale to be eaten 
and escape to the trash can; then it would be replaced
by a toasted bagel and Good Morning America.

It was nighttime when Thomas walked up to the Small Talk Coffee shop. The sky was dark, so it must have been night, but maybe it was simply overcast. Thomas only noted the absence of light as he walked up the terrace.
“So I see you haven’t gotten around to killing yourself yet!” the stranger exclaimed standing up to greet him. “Ye of little faith.”
Thomas sat down at the table with the stranger, although he didn’t want to sit there. He didn’t want to talk to the stranger, but it was as if something were compelling him to sit down. He felt like he was hypnotized, but at the same time he knew that the compulsion only had power over him because something inside of him wanted to sit. He hadn’t been there for more than a few seconds when an exceptionally beautiful waitress brought him a cappuccino. Thomas couldn’t quite see what she looked like, but he was certain that she was beautiful. He blew steam from the drink and took a sip.
“If you’re so certain that suicide is the answer to it all, then why don’t you kill yourself?” Thomas asked with contented triumph, though he felt a bit immature. Nevertheless, he waited with glee to see how the stranger would react to such a direct question.
“Oh, I would, if I thought that it would put an end to all this. But death wouldn’t end anything; if it would I’d kill myself right now just out of spite. I’d do it to prove that I had power to determine my own fate. I’ve wished to be able to end my existence on thousands of occasions, though it would be out of pure spite mind you, but even if I could kill myself it wouldn’t accomplish anything, not for me at least, but why all this talk about me? What about you? Suicide would have a great impact on your life; it would mean that you really believed.” 
“You’re not actually suggesting that there is existence after death?” Thomas said, ignoring the stranger’s last remark. “The whole premise is based on visions from near death experiences, which we now know are caused by chemical reactions in the temporal lobe of the brain, or is it the occipital lobe, I can’t remember but the point is,” Thomas began to explain but the stranger cut him off.
“But I don’t believe as you do,” he said. “I think you’re ideas are very—how should I say it so as to be tactful—progressive, and in the end they will bring about much change, change for the better I dare say. Don’t get me wrong; I can hardly wait to see the change that your ideas bring about, but in the end they’re folly, mere superstition and wishful thinking. And frankly, I don’t have enough faith to believe in them.”
“Faith! That’s the second time you’ve mentioned faith. What does faith have to do with any of this? My point is that faith is what’s based on superstitions. That’s why hope is for the ignorant and love for the idealists. There can be no change for the better because there is no better. And besides, if you’re so eager for the change that my ideas will bring about, why are you trying to dissuade me by saying they’re folly and mere superstitions?”
“Dissuade you,” the stranger set his coffee down, leaned back and threw his hands into the air, making a show of his sarcastic exasperation, “I meant to spur you on, and it’s exactly what I’ve done. When a horse is spurred it doesn’t change course but gallops headlong in the direction in which it has already been pointed. Dissuade you, don’t you remember that the last time we met I told you that emotion is needed to really convince someone of anything? If you’d been wavering, wondering if you really believed all this nonsense of yours—which you are wavering, I know because you haven’t shot yourself yet—my belligerent comments about your beliefs would have only helped to convince you that you’re right. Even now you spoke more adamantly about your progressive philosophy than you did when you first explained it to me.”
“So you don’t really believe that my ideas are nonsense?” Thomas replied. His mind raced trying to process this new development in the conversation and he wondered if the stranger somehow knew what he was thinking. “I’m transparent; he can see right through me.” The thought flashed through Thomas’s mind before he dismissed it as nonsense, the real kind of superstition—the sort of belief that makes no rational sense, but is based solely on feelings and intuition. “No, I should be offended that he would talk to me like this.” Thomas told himself.
“I wouldn’t call your thoughts nonsense or superstition,” said the stranger, I would call them necessary.”
Thomas felt all the more certain that the stranger had read his mind and plucked from it the words “nonsense” and “superstition”, but told himself that his belief in the stranger’s omniscience only made him too eager to prove it. “Necessary, necessary for what?” Thomas finally replied regaining his composure and retracing the conversation.
“For change of course. Isn’t change what we’ve been talking about, ideas changing the world? You’re right about that much. Ideas are the only thing that will ever be able to change the world, for better or worse.”
“No, you’ve missed the point entirely; change is pointless. If you’ve understood any of what I’m saying then you would have known that. It’s all pointless. If there’s no absolute then what’s the point of change—nothing is better or worse, so why change anything. There is no meaning, only interpretations.”
“You’re right, of course, assuming I believe your superstitions, but I’m very interested in change. But back to the original question of why not kill yourself; I was wondering why not kill others too? Surely you’re not still clinging to moral reasons—you know that goodness is a social construct; and we’re both above such temporal conventions, at least I am. I don’t know about you. If you did kill others, or even just yourself, the act would at least provide you with a thrill, a sensation, pulling the trigger and watching them die, you would feel sorrow and guilt; although these would, of course, only be a result of your society—guilt is a social construct too, as I’m sure you could have told me, useful for controlling the masses, an opium in its own right.”
Thomas shook his head. “But the sensation, the thrill, it would be meaningless too,” he pointed out. “How can you say that a thrill is better than boredom? You’re arguing based on absolutes again.”
“But not killing others would be equally meaningless. And you’re still assuming that I don’t believe in absolutes. Listen; I wish there were no absolutes; I wish it more than you, because I know what comes with absolutes. How could you call anything I’d ever done ‘wrong’ without an absolute standard to judge me by? You couldn’t. Nobody could say I was bad or wicked, and nobody could say that the one who punishes me was good or just.” At this the stranger glanced over both shoulders and lowered his voice, “I’ve done many bad things you see. I would be free of all this guilt if I could just buy into your progressive thinking; I want you to convince me. Do you know how liberated I would feel if you could just convince me. But in the end it’s still wishful thinking, mere superstition. And deep down you believe that it’s superstition too.”
“How presumptuous; you hardly know me!” Thomas objected
“But you don’t believe in these ideas. Do you want to know how I know?”
Thomas didn’t say anything but crossed his arms and waited.
“I’ll tell you next time. The sun is coming up and I really prefer the darkness—it obscures everything.”
Thomas looked up and the sun really was beginning to shine. It flooded through the window and then into his eyes and then he cursed himself for not having gotten around to buying blinds for his bedroom as he looked at his clock to see how late he’d slept. 
* * *
Lewis sat quietly at his desk working on his math test. Summer Wallburn had lost the power to distract him. He finished early and checked his work. He still had time so he checked his work again. The clock showed that recess should have started three minutes ago. He had almost made up his mind to erase some of the answers and rework the problems when Mrs. Puckett announced that time was up and had them pass their papers forward. Once the papers where in her hands she had the class line up for recess. 
Lewis and Tommy ran to the basketball court, but the teams had already been chosen. Lewis sighed as they turned to walk away. He knew that after everything he’d done he didn’t deserve to get to play basketball, but he’d been hoping to nonetheless. Tommy, on the other hand, didn’t seem fazed by their secret; he walked off the basketball court with his head high, as if he’d forgotten that he had also been there in the kitchen. But Tommy hadn’t been the one who put the skillet under the paper towels.
“I dare you to ask out Jaime Mitchell,” Tommy said as they walked off the court to the swing set. 
“Why don’t you ask her out?” Lewis asked.
“I’ve never asked anyone out before,” Tommy said emphatically.
“But I don’t like Jaime Mitchell.”
“Who do you like now?”
Lewis mumbled something under his breath.
“What?” 
“I said I don’t know,” Lewis repeated.
“Do you still like Summer?” Tommy asked when they started swinging.
“I guess.”
“You should ask her out again.”
“She’s not going to ever give me an answer.”
“She probably forgot. It’s been like a year. You have to ask her again. She’ll say yes this time. I know she will.”
“No she won’t. Nothing good ever happens to me.”
Tommy jumped out of the swing and before Lewis realized what was happening he was halfway to the monkey bars, where Summer and Jaime were talking with the other girls. Lewis watched in horror as Tommy said something. Some of the girls started to giggle and then stopped abruptly. Tommy said something else and Summer’s mouth moved a little.
“What’d you say?” Lewis didn’t wait for Tommy to get back to the swings before he blurted out the question.
“I told her she should go out with you because your parents aren’t together anymore.”
“Why’d you say that?”
“I don’t know.”
Then Lewis’s anxiety turned to hope. “Did she say yes?”
“She has to ask her mom.”
“That means no.”
Lewis sat back on the swing set and dragged his feet in the gravel as his body swung back and forth. 
* * *
 “Hey Peter,” Stanly poked his head in the office door. “Sam’s coming to see you and he’s not happy about something.”
“Good.”
“I don’t think you understand. He’s really steamed.”
“I know,” Peter said without looking up from his computer screen.
Sam appeared in the doorway and Stanly vanished.
“Can you explain these to me?” Sam asked, tossing some rolled up papers on Peter’s desk. Peter took his time unrolling the papers and looked at them pensively for a few seconds before addressing his boss.
“They’re blank,” he said. “I would think that blank pages wouldn’t be all that difficult to decipher. What is it exactly you need explained?” He’d planned out the speech ahead of time, specifically that word “decipher.” He felt clever, having, for the first time, gained the upper hand. It made Sam furious. He knew it and loved it, because for the first time in his life he didn’t have to care. He even forced a smile, a smug smile, the icing on the cake.
“Can you tell me why they’re blank,” Sam continued.
“Because I didn’t do any work on them.” Peter matched Sam’s condescension.
“And why, pray tell, did you not do any work on them?”
“I didn’t feel like it.”
“Is it that you don’t want to work here anymore? Because if that’s the case you’re on the right track.”
“Actually that’s exactly the case. You see I won’t be coming into the office tomorrow, or the next day.”
“You know that if you don’t give us two weeks’ notice then we’re not obligated to . . .”
“I really don’t care,” Peter said, cutting him off.
“Get out!”
“Pleased to oblige.”
As Peter Manchell left the office that day, he felt like the entire world was at his command, as if the weight of the last several months had stayed behind him in that stuffy office building.
“What was that about?” Stanly asked, catching up to Peter on the sidewalk.
“I just quit.”
“Are you crazy?”
“Never felt better.”
“Look, Peter, I know you’ve been under a lot of stress with the court cases about the insurance and custody and all that, but you can’t just quit your job.”
“How are you going to get the judge to award you joint custody if it looks like your life’s in shambles, and you just throw out all semblance of responsibility? You’ve got to go back in there and apologize to Sam. What’s it going to be like for me in the office if you leave? You’re the only one who takes time to remember my name.”
“You should quit too,” Peter answered.
“You’re going to wake up tomorrow and you’re going to regret this.”
“I’m going to wake up tomorrow and wander into the living room in my boxers and turn on the television, and I’m going to regret not doing this a long time ago.”
“What about money?”
“I’ll get another job eventually. Not to mention the money that’ll come in from the insurance company once everything is settled. And I’ll have some more coming to me before I can spend all of that. I’ll have quite a bit more coming to me by then. Why don’t you do what friends are supposed to do and meet me at the bar tonight so I can forget about all this and not have to worry about driving myself home. Meet me at the bar and I’ll come in a cab.”
Peter didn’t let on, but the thought about income began to worry him. He knew that after walking out on his job it might be hard for him to just walk into a new one, and there was no way of knowing how long it would be before the insurance money or the other money would come in.
“I’ll see you tonight,” Peter said as he stepped into his car and closed the door between him and Stanly. Thinking about the other money didn’t damper Peter’s spirits in the least. But he did take the interstate past his apartment building, and all the way to Grace Assisted Living Center. He noted how little traffic there was at that time of day, and walked through the double doors with a spring in his step that obviously surprised the blonde woman behind the counter.
“Hello Mr. Manchell,” she said, not concealing her astonishment at his chipper demeanor.
“Hello Susie.” He tried not to make it obvious that he needed to glance at her nametag.
“You can call me Susan.”
“Of course I can.”
The feeling of freedom was more intoxicating than anything Peter had experienced. He walked into Abraham’s room and pulled up the chair. Abraham seemed more than a little surprised.
“How are you feeling?” Peter spoke as if he were simply having a natural conversation with an old friend.
“What day, what time is it?” Abraham asked.
“I know it’s a little early for my weekly visit, but to answer your question, today is Friday, March 14th and it is 3:12 in the afternoon.”
“So what’re you doin’ here?”
“Just thought I’d come by to chat.”
“You took off work ta come an’ chat?”
“No. I just quit my job.”
“How are you goin’ ta support the kids? You’ll have two in college an’ there’s still Lewis.”
“I’ve got the money coming from the insurance claim. I told you about that a few weeks ago, remember. And I’ve got quite a bit set aside.”
“I’m not really up fer talkin’ so much now. Why don’t you come back some other time?” Abraham said in reply.
“I’ll come by tomorrow afternoon, around six.”
“Hmph.”
Peter got up to leave.
“Could you turn the TV off fer me,” Abraham asked.
“I didn’t even notice that it was on,” Peter said, and walked over to the monitor and pushed the power button before gliding out of the room. 
* * *
Julia cringed at the thought of going to rehearsal. 
“I just can’t face her,” she told herself. She pushed the thought from her mind as she stopped by Mr. Mason’s classroom to tell him that she wasn’t feeling well enough to go to rehearsal, then hurried out of the building, not sure of where she would go until she got into her car and started driving.
“I haven’t seen you in a while,” Abraham noted as Julia slipped through the door.
“I’ve been a little busy.”
“Life’s got a tendency ta get that way.”
“The drive’s a little further too,” Julia confessed. “I brought your book back. I finished it.” She set the book on the edge of the bed and pulled up the chair from the back corner of the room.
“It’s not really mine. It’s Peter’s.”
“He doesn’t even know about,” Julia began.
“Not your father, the other Peter,” Abraham said.
Julia looked at the gold engraved on the black leather cover and really took notice of the name “Peter J. Thompson” for the first time.
“It’s not a coincidence is it?” Julia began to ask, but Abraham was nodding his head in agreement before she said a word.
“He got that boy’s name an’ my character. Maybe I should’ve named him Abraham. He would a’ been better off if the two’d been flip flopped. ‘Cept Abraham’s not exactly a popular name these days. But that’s enough ‘bout that nonsense. So what’d you think?”
“About what?”
“The book.”
“It had a lot of really interesting stories,” Julia offered.
“Is that all? Just intrestin’ stories.”
“I guess that’s all. Some of them aren’t exactly plausible.”
“If it’s just a bunch a’ good stories I don’t know that I’ve got much use fer it. I’ve got plenty a’ interestin’ stories in my westerns. You might as well take it back with you an’ give it ta someone else or somethin’.”
Julia didn’t know if he was serious, but didn’t get up from the chair. Abraham took the book in his hand and extended it out towards her. She didn’t take it from him.
“You guess that’s all,” Abraham began again, as if mocking her answer. “I guess I was hopin’ it would have more than really interestin’ stories, but maybe that’s all it will ever have fer you an’ me. It makes good sense that that’s all it’d be fer us. I was just hopin’.” Abraham trailed off and was silent for a second. “But fer that boy it was like he was breathing in life when he read that book. It was like somethin’ mystical came out a’ that book when he read it, an’ that was what made him strong when we were ridin’ him so hard; it made him strong when we were so rotten ta him an’ it made him strong ta be quiet while he was dyin’ so as to save the rascaly lot a’ us. But I figure it makes sense that fer you an’ me it’d only have interestin’ stories.” 
He paused, waiting for Julia to ask what he meant, but she didn’t say a word so he continued. “I guess without faith all those stories wouldn’t ‘mout to a hill a’ beans and faith’s somethin’ I aint been able ta muster in quite a long while. He’d a’ been better off with my name an’ that boy’s faith. Well go on an’ take it.”
He held the book out to her again with a new insistence, and Julia took it from him reluctantly.
“Are you sure you don’t want to read it?” she asked timorously. 
“I’m layin’ here on my death bed an’ I was hopin’ fer somethin mystical ta come out a’ that book fer me like it did fer that boy. I was hopin’ fer somethin’ mystical ta come out an’ make me strong like it did fer him, ‘cause layin’ here in this bed I know I’m goin’ ta die soon, an’ I know I can’t do it silently like that boy. The way you die matters a lot you know. Maybe it matters more than anythin’ else you do in your whole life. Lyin’ here I got ta thinkin’ that I wanted ta die like that boy an’ I knew I couldn’t do it ‘cause I’m afraid, an’ that boy wasn’t afraid a’ nothin’.” Abraham’s eyes closed and his head turned back over on the pillow. He continued speaking but Julia couldn’t make out his words.
“Maybe it’s not too late fer an ol’ fart ta get a second chance an’ turn things around,” he said looking back at her. “But I can’t without somethin’ mystical, an’ I can’t get that without faith, an’ I don’t have faith, an’ it’s not the kind a’ thing you can just muster up inside a’ you.”
“You said that already,” Julia pointed out politely.
“I guess I did. I’m just rambling now. You go on now. I’m not in a talkin’ mood. You’re a good girl. Better than an old man like me deserves. You’ll come back tomorrow afternoon? I’ll be in a talkin’ mood then, an’ there’s somethin’ important I want ta tell you.” The tone of these last sentences seemed to fall somewhere between a question and a plea.
“But tomorrow I’ve got,” Julia began, but changed her mind. “I’ll come. Don’t worry. I’ll come over tomorrow afternoon.” Julia got up and began to leave.
“Maybe ‘round six o’clock?” Abraham added as she opened the door.
“At six on the dot.”
“You’re a good girl. Better than I deserve.”
* * *
“If the doctors are right, is this really how you want to spend your evening?” Abigail prompted. Her enthusiasm poured through the telephone. “You’ve got to hold on and take charge of your life. Get out and live it up.”
“What difference does it make?” Hannah objected.
“You can’t pass these days working all night, and then talking to me on the phone. Buy yourself a new dress and go out someplace. You owe it to yourself to have a good time. It’s your right, especially after everything you sacrificed to get to where you are.”
“I think that I’m worse off now than I was four months ago. I can’t sleep at nights. I’m always lying in bed wondering if this is how it’s going to end up for me.”
“Don’t start talking like that!” Abigail said forcefully. “You’ve got to believe in those doctors. Medicine can work miracles these days you know.”
“That’s what I hear, but miracles aren’t something that I’ve ever had a lot of faith in.”
“It’s not like we’re talking about mystical hocus-pocus miracles, these are scientific facts, proven and documented, something you can really trust. But you’ve got to believe in it too.”
“If it’s only science then I’ll let the doctors do their work and wait to see how it turns out. I don’t feel like I can get my hopes up when the odds aren’t in my favor.”
“You’ve got to believe. That’s your part.”
“What difference does it make?”
“The placebo effect. Your body reacts to your optimism. I don’t know how well they understand it medically yet, but every study shows that it works. That’s what faith boils down to. If you have faith in medical science you’ll be okay. And in the meantime it’s still early enough for you to go out and buy yourself a new dress and hit the town.”
“I’m pushing fifty. I don’t feel up to a night on the town,” Hannah moaned.
“It doesn’t matter how you feel. You need to get out there. Once you’re having a good time you’ll feel up to it.”
“It feels like the wrong thing. That part of my life’s already passed me by. Who goes to a club looking to pick up someone in their mid-forties?”
“This is the 21st century,” Abigail countered. “Guys in their mid-forties go out looking to pick up women in their mid-forties. You’re not the only one out there coming off an ugly breakup.”
“I’ll go,” Hannah conceded. 
She hung up the phone and the thought snuck into her head, “It was more than a breakup.” But she liked that word better than the other. She didn’t have any problem justifying a new dress, not after the fire, and everything else that she’d lived through the past few months.
Chapter 3
Thomas pulled into his father’s apartment complex a few minutes after five o’clock on Friday afternoon. 
“I thought this was temporary,” he said as Peter opened the door and let him in. The walls were bare, and cardboard boxes sat in the corner of the living room. The only furniture was a couch that looked like it had been drug in from the dumpster, and a television stand that displayed the big screen television—another family relic that managed to survive the fire.
“It is temporary,” Peter replied.
“It’s been several months now,” Thomas pointed out.
“Still waiting on the insurance money to come through.”
“That’s what I hear. So what do you want to do?”
“I was on my way out to see your grandfather, but afterwards I thought we could catch a basketball game. I’ve got tickets.”
“Great,” Thomas sighed. “I drive all the way down here and get to go to the nursing home.”
“It’s just for a few minutes.”
Peter grabbed his coat, and Thomas struggled to get up from the couch that had ensnared him.
Thomas mentioned that the process of getting up from the couch made sitting down more trouble than it was worth.
“I know, but it’s all temporary,” Peter replied.
* * *
Peter and Thomas entered the nursing home. It was Thomas’s first time to walk through those doors. He noticed that the receptionist was cute, and that the bodies that occupied the chairs in the entryway looked more like holocaust victims than human beings, each face filled to the brim with emptiness. He began to understand.
“This is all life comes to,” he muttered. Peter didn’t hear him. Thomas examined the nothingness that seemed to consume everyone around him. Looking into those faces he could taste the fruit of everything that he’d sown in recent months, and standing in the presence of that palpable emptiness, he knew that everything he’d suspected was right. He promised himself that if he ever experienced an ounce of happiness, and that happiness made him want to believe that goodness and purpose might exist in the universe, if it made him want to renounce everything he’d come to believe, he would remember those empty faces. Those faces would always remind him of what life amounts to in the end, and the memory of them would give him fortitude to hold firm to his course. He continued to survey each face as he passed them in the hallway, following his father into his grandfather’s room.
“I heard that the doctor was here,” Peter offered when they’d entered the room. Abraham didn’t respond. “Do you know what he wanted?” Peter asked after a few moments of silence. Abraham coughed several times before speaking.
“He wanted ta know how it was that I was still holdin’ on.”
Thomas who had been silent up until then couldn’t help asking, “What did you tell him?”
“I didn’t tell him anythin’. I just looked at him with my most spiteful look ‘cause I knew he didn’t care a lick ‘bout me. He was wantin’ ta write somethin’ clever in one a’ those journals. He should a’ been offended by the way I didn’t answer him, but he didn’t have the sense ta know that I wasn’t answerin’ out a’ spite. He just wrote me off as senile an’ went on his way.”
“But, how?” Thomas asked. “How are you still holding on? All the doctors are baffled.”
“How am I holdin’ on? I’ll tell you how. I aint holdin’ on. When he put me here,” Abraham stopped speaking long enough to motion toward Peter. “When he put me here I didn’t want ta hold on any longer. I wanted ta die an’ have this whole affair people call life done an’ over with. ‘Cause what I had out there don’t hardly deserve ta be called life, an’ this most certainly didn’t. I’d only started ta learn what life should’ve been when he yanked me away an’ put me here. Then I just let go. Funny how that all works out. I let go a’ life an’ that’s when it sneaks up an’ finds me, an’ that made me want ta find out what it was supposed ta be ‘bout, ‘cause I figured I got an extension fer a reason. There’s got ta be a reason fer me not bein’ dead yet ‘cause everythin’s got a reason. Lots a’ people let go an’ don’t get nothin’ out a’ it, just emptiness in their open hand. But I let go a’ life an’ it sneaks up on me, an’ there’s got ta be a reason fer it.
“Maybe there isn’t a reason,” Thomas suggested. “Maybe everything occurs randomly without purpose. Some people die when they want to live, and other people live when they want to die, and everyone passes through this world without any purpose or meaning. Everyone wastes their time asking what the meaning of life is, but maybe there is no meaning.”
“Thomas!” Peter said in a hushed yet harsh tone.
“Maybe he’s right,” Abraham said. “I haven’t found nothin’ worth livin’ fer. But that’s not what I was wantin’ ta talk ‘bout.”
“What did you want to talk about?” Peter asked.
“I wanted to wait ‘till she got here.”
“Who?” Thomas asked.
“Her.”
Peter turned around to see Julia standing in the open doorway and tried to remember when he’d seen her last. Julia was equally surprised when she saw her father and brother in the room. She took a step back, and Peter noticed the confused look that she shot at Abraham who, was either laughing or coughing. 
Peter wanted to ask his daughter how long she’d been standing in the doorway, but he refrained, composed himself, and turned back to the bed. What did you want to talk about?”
“I made some changes,” Abraham said.
“What kind of changes.” Anxiety crept into Peter’s face. He felt certain that the old man knew everything that had happened. “How did he find out?” he wondered. “Did she tell him? Maybe she told him for the sole purpose of coaxing him into making the changes in her favor.” He pushed the thought out of his mind; he knew that she would never do that. Not his little angel—how long had it been since he’d thought of her like that? “I’m overreacting,” he told himself. “I’m jumping to conclusions.”
Julia stepped across the threshold and approached the bed. “What are you talking about Grandpa?”
“Don’t pretend like you don’t know.” The words blurted out of Peter’s mouth. They surprised him as much as they did his daughter. Abraham didn’t move. “I’m sorry,” Peter said abruptly. “I don’t know what came over me. It’s been a long day, and the stress of all these changes caught up with me.” The lie came naturally, as if Peter himself wasn’t even aware of the fact that the entire statement was fabricated. He’d spent the last day, the last four months, trying to convince himself that nothing had changed, and the façade had become his reality.
Julia didn’t acknowledge the outburst. She knelt down by the bed and took her grandfather’s hand. “What’s going on?”
“I made some changes,” he said.
“Changes to what?” Julia asked. Her voice trembled. The uncertainty seemed genuine, maybe even too genuine. Peter remembered how well she’d performed last year in To Kill a Mockingbird, and studied her body language.
“I changed my will. Had a lawyer come by the day ‘fore yesterday an’ got the whole thing singed up an’ legal.”
Peter could no longer maintain his composure. “What did you change?”
“Just changed some a’ the wordin’.” 
“What wording?”
Julia now noticed the urgency in her father’s voice. All of her attention had been directed toward Abraham since she’d entered the room, but now, as if coming out of a trance, she noticed her father’s frantic state. She stared at him with wide eyes, horrified by the desperate expression that overcame him.
Abraham went on calmly, “I made her my chief beneficiary.”
Julia’s attention jerked back toward the bed. Peter took a step back and bumped into Thomas, whom he’d completely forgotten about. The shock was only momentary. He stepped forward, grabbed Julia’s shoulder, and forcefully turned her body to face his own.
“You told him. You told him on purpose so you could steal my money,” he shouted at her.
“Please, I don’t know what’s going on. Let go. I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Julia tried to wiggle free but her father held on tightly. He raised his free hand, and Thomas jumped forward, grabbing his father’s wrist. Peter let go of Julia and turned his attention to his son.
“Don’t get involved in this Thomas. I’m your father.”
Thomas let go and stepped back. Abraham had been coughing violently and finally composed himself enough to speak.
“What is it you’re thinkin’ she told me?” he asked.
“Don’t try to protect her. I know she told you about me, and about what happened with Hannah. I know she told you, and then she tricked you into giving her all your money.”
“That’s the first time you talked ta me like I was a real person in quite a while,” Abraham noted.
Peter looked around the room. His daughter was curled up on the floor in the corner formed by the bed and the adjacent wall. She wasn’t crying, but her confused look pierced him. Thomas stood just a few feet away with a fire in his expression, as if he was waiting for the chance to intervene again. Abraham lay in the bed, just like always. Peter looked back at his daughter and abruptly turned around and left, slamming the door behind him.
Nobody moved for several seconds. Then Julia brought herself up to a kneeling position by the bed. “What about Luke? What about David and Thomas and Lewis? Why me?”
Thomas sat down in the chair that his father had been sitting in and waited for a response.
“’Cause you’re the only one I trust.”
“Trust for what?” Julia asked.
“Ta use it ta do good.”
“What do you mean by good?” Thomas interjected.
“I don’t rightly know what I mean. But I trust her ta know, or at least ta figure it out.”
Julia shot a worried look at Thomas then looked back at her grandfather. “But you know all about what I’ve, what’s happened with me. You know I’m not a good person. Even if what I did isn’t wrong I thought it was and I did it anyway.”
“I know what you are, and I know what I’m doin’. Now why don’t you two go on your way? All this excitement’s a bit much fer these old bones.”
Julia started to object again, but Abraham had already turned his head away and closed his eyes. Thomas put his hand on her shoulder and said, “Let’s go.”
She let him help her up, and the two left together. When they were safely in the hallway Thomas muttered something about how senile the old man had gotten.
“What’d you say?” Julia asked.
“Nothing. But if I ever get to that point just shoot me. If I have any say in the matter I’d much rather die while I’m young, healthy, and in my right mind.”
“You don’t mean that,” Julia objected.
“Yes, I do. I’d much rather die young than end up like that.”
“Thomas, stop talking like that,” Julia said.
“I’m sorry if reality offends you, but you’ve got to face the facts. Nobody wants to end up like him.”
“Let’s change the subject. I’m hungry; do you want to get something to eat?”
* * *
Hannah put aside the pile of papers she’d brought home from the office. She’d spent the last hour and a half sorting through them, but hadn’t been able to focus enough to actually buckle down and get to work. Every time she tried she found her mind would wander to a legal matter that was far more pressing, or at least more personal. She would get up and meander into the living room or kitchen, make a cup of coffee or tea, or just sit for a time in silence before forcing herself to go back and try again to work on the documents. After repeating this process several times she couldn’t avoid reality any longer, and she accepted the fact that she wasn’t going to be able to get any of her work done until she’d addressed the problem that had been running around in her mind for months now. 
She pulled out a manila envelope from the top drawer of the desk and began to study in earnest the documents she’d managed to compile. She stayed up into the night, sifting through the pages, pouring over the most minute detail of each sheet of paper. She couldn’t be sure if they were enough; she needed them to be sufficient on their own. Each time she doubted the strength of her case her fingers seemed to find the birth certificate. The document reminded her of what could be the lynchpin, a truth that would supersede anything his lawyers could come up with, a truth that she’d repressed for so long that it stung her deeply, as if she were discovering it for the first time.
“No,” she told herself each time. “I can’t use that. If I did the truth would devastate him, but it would devastate the other one too, the one I love. How would he react to it? It’s impossible to say, but with everything else that he’s been through it would be devastating. But at the same time it would crush him.” These thoughts floated around inside of her like a firefly, lighting up periodically, just enough to illuminate depths that had been shrouded in darkness for years. “No matter what happens I won’t play that card, even if it means losing. If I tell the secret it means that I hate him more than I love the other one,” 
She had to believe that she still loved more than she hated, so each time the idea flashed up, she resolved not to even consider it, but each time uncertainty crept back into her mind, fortified by the desire for revenge. She didn’t let herself think of those desires, and suppressed the idea of revenge with a better word: justice. The euphemism undermined her resolve, and the birth certificate would again find its way to the top of the pile. And each time as she put it away, her resolution wavered a little more. As the night wore on new arguments assaulted her mind, and she found herself face to face with every kind of justification imaginable for what she really wanted to do, along with justifications for what she’d already done. After all, he’d driven her to it. 
But at what price would she be willing to buy victory, how far could she go to exact her revenge on him, for all the years he’d stolen from her, years that could have been happy and blissful, but that instead were dead and stagnant. Like a murderer he’d stolen so much of her life, and indignation welled up inside her until it gave birth to anger and rage. The walls seemed to shrink around her. She forced herself to take deep breaths, and in doing so managed to bury the encroaching truth deep inside of her. Still, she became afraid, terrified, not of losing, but of herself, and of what she found clamoring about in the dark places of her soul. She marveled at how such thoughts and feelings had managed to infiltrate so deeply, how someone like her could even be capable of feeling or thinking such horrible things. She wondered if those feelings hadn’t always been there, if they hadn’t always been a part of who she was. She didn’t want to admit even the possibility and pushed them away again out of her mind where they would fester, stifled and dormant, waiting patiently for a more opportune time to surface. 
* * *
When Thomas and Julia left the nursing home they didn’t see Peter’s car in the parking lot. Julia drove Thomas downtown and they found a diner. As they sat down and ate together, they realized that neither of them could remember ever going out just the two of them. While they sat at the table and placed their orders an intimacy swept over them, as if for the first time in their lives they realized that they were brother and sister. All their old competitiveness or disdain seemed to disappear. Thomas talked about college life, and Julia talked about getting the lead in the school play. She was careful not to mention the recent problems that had developed at rehearsal, and he didn’t bring up ideologies.
“Excuse me,” the waitress said. They were so caught up in conversation that neither of them had noticed her. “Would you like to see our desserts?”
“No, just the check,” Thomas said kindly but disinterestedly.
“Of course. I’ll bring it right out.”
When she’d left Julia leaned in and asked, “Did you see that?”
“See what?”
“The way she smiled at you?”
“What about it?”
Julia looked over her shoulder as if someone might be listening. “She thinks we’re on a date.”
When the waitress got back Thomas put twenty dollars in the black leather envelope and handed it back to her.
“We don’t need change,” he said. Then looking at Julia he added, “You ready to go honey?”
Julia managed to keep a straight face as she got up and walked out of the restaurant.
“Why haven’t we done this before?” Thomas asked as they stepped outside. “We’re siblings and it’s like we just met each other today.”
“Today’s been different, that’s for sure. Do you think Grandpa’s serious about changing the will?” Julia asked. She’d avoided the subject, but couldn’t resist it any longer.
“He thinks he’s serious. Of course he could have imagined doing the whole thing. I don’t think his grip on reality is all that it could be.”
“He’s more sane than most people we meet,” Julia said flatly. 
“Of course it makes sense to you. You’re getting everything.”
Thomas wished he could take the words back. He felt as if he’d finally discovered a friend who had been right under his nose his whole life and then ruined everything with one careless sentence. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to say that.”
“It’s okay,” Julia responded. “To be honest none of it makes much sense to me either. But I’m especially baffled by the fact that it would be me instead of Uncle Luke.”
“You really don’t know about Uncle Luke?” Thomas asked.
“How would I? You know as well as I do that we don’t talk about things like that in our family.”
“When he filed for . . .”
Julia didn’t let him finish. “You mean that Grandpa cut him out back when he and his first wife . . .” And then she remembered her father’s accusations. “I didn’t mean to tell him. I thought that he knew. I didn’t know that nobody had told him. If I mentioned it I only did it in passing. You have to believe me.”
“I do.”
“But how did Dad know that I went to visit him?” she asked.
“When did you go?”
“All the time. I started going by a few months ago when, when I hit a rough patch. I didn’t know who else to go to, and I started to go by and talk. I needed someone to talk to. If you think he’s senile then you must think I’m crazy, but he’s not senile, and I promise that I didn’t tell him on purpose, if I said anything at all. I didn’t want any of this to happen.”
“I’ll admit that it seems a little odd that you would go to visit an old man in a nursing home so you could talk about your problems, but I believe you, and I don’t think you’re crazy.”
Just then a woman came up to them.
“Can you spare a dollar?” she asked. “I have a baby and I need a few dollars. Please, whatever you can spare. Maybe just give me some change. I have a son and ever since,” at this point the woman hesitated. “I can’t find a job. Nobody will hire me and I have to feed my son. If not for me at least for my son. Bread only costs seventy-four cents including tax, can you give me just enough for a loaf of bread?”
Thomas looked at the woman closely for the first time. She did look famished. Her face was pale and sunken in and her belly was bloated as if from fasting. He still didn’t believe her act, and squinted his eyes as if examining her even more carefully.
Then before he knew what he was doing he put his hand in his pocket, pulled out a dollar bill and handed it to the woman. The movement was fluid and the transaction was over before Thomas knew what had happened. He started walking again, but his mind wandered to the rent that would be due in a few days, and then to the shanty of an apartment he was living in. He thought about the possibility of accepting the help that his mother had been forcing on him, but he didn’t even want to consider the possibility of getting caught up in her game. He didn’t want to have anything to do with her. The thought of what she was doing made him furious, and in his anger he forgot where he was.
Julia looked at him in surprise. “I’ve never seen you give anything to a beggar before.”
Thomas snapped back to reality. He remembered that Julia was still with him and that she’d witnessed the exchange. “It was a spur of the moment decision,” he said. “A reflex. I can’t believe I let myself get taken by that woman. I feel like such a sap for falling for her scheme,” 
“She weren’t a professional beggar you can tell easy,” said a scraggly looking woman sitting on the side of the street. She’d been sitting there the whole time but neither of them had noticed her. The bundle of dingy patched clothes acted as a soft of camouflage allowing her to blend into her dismal surroundings.
“How do you know?” Julia asked.
“She didn’t have her baby with her. Everyone who knows anything about begging has a baby or something to draw sympathy. Nobody wants to help a ratty old beggar anymore, but they’ll give away a few dollars in hopes that some of it will go to the kid. Some of us professional beggars even keep the children malnourished on purpose, even though they’s got plenty of money. They do it so they can make a little extra profit. I aint one of those. You can tell my kid’s well fed.”
The scraggly woman motioned toward the bundle that that she held in her lap before continuing. “The funniest one I ever saw was a man with a dog standing over by one of them onramps. He had him a sign that said: ‘Why lie: beer, burger, and dog food.’ You see he knowed how the game worked. Nobody was going to give him money but he knowed that all those animal lovers weren’t going to stand by and let that dog go even the least bit hungry. All of us, we play on people’s sympathies toward other people, but he’s a step ahead. He knows people don’t really care for one another these days, but that they’s people who want to feel sorry for something, so he got him a dog.”
“How do you know that woman wasn’t just lying about having a baby at home?” Thomas pointed out.
“You ever offered a beggar a job or a place to stay or anything like that?” the woman asked.
Thomas and Julia shook their heads. The woman looked at them curiously then brightened up as if she’d come to an epiphany. “I kind of like you two so I’ll explain the industry. You see some women who don’t have any babies can go to their coworkers who do, but who aren’t working, and borrow one for the day.”
“That’s disgusting. It makes it hard to ever want to help people again,” Thomas interjected.
“Now hear me out. It’s also true that we sometimes make over $70,000 a year, but that’s only the best of us.”
“How on earth can a beggar make so much?” Thomas asked incredulously.
“People walking by like to throw away a dollar to feel good about themselves. Usually jus’ one dollar ‘cause it’s a bill but it’s the smallest kind of bill. And with that one dollar they can ease their guilty consciences. People spend more than that on slot machines or those love testers in the backs of bars. Me, I provide a better service to society than all of those flashy contraptions because I make people feel better about themselves. You know, most businessmen they’s jus’ trying to sap folks dry getting whatever they can out of ‘em to sell ‘em some products that’s really not going to make their life any better. 
“People think that they’s good ‘cause they’s business men and ‘cause of the way they’s dressed. People look down on me ‘cause of my shaggy clothes, but when I go home and get changed nobody looks at me like they do when I’m sitting down here. I talks different too when I’m dressed up like one of them fancy business men. If you’s dressed up nice everybody’s gonna think you’s a good person but most of those men who’s dressed up nice are the worst kind of person, taking from people what can hardly afford it, playing off of people’s greed and covetousness so’s that they can get richer. It’s greed playing off greed with them.
“But me I only take a little, a dollar or what they’s willing to give, and I let them ease their guilty conscience by thinking that they’s actually helping someone. With me it’s greed playing off of charity, and so you see it’s only half as bad as the rest of ‘em. Everybody’s got themself a guilty conscience, so everybody wants to throw a dollar in the hat to make ‘em feel better about themselves. Mind you I always empty the hat so nobody don’t know how much I already made ‘cause then the scam would be up. Nobody aint gonna throw a dollar in a hat filled up with more cash than what they’s got in their wallet.”
Thomas and Julia listened in morbid disbelief, not wanting to stay, but unable to leave.
“You see,” continued the woman, “nobody hardly ever stops to find out who or what I really is. Every now and again some genuinely good person who wants to help other people and not jus’ throw away a dollar into this here feel-good-about-yourself machine,” she pointed to her hat, “they’ll stop an’ offer me a job working for ‘em, or a bed in they house so I can stay the night an’ have a hot shower and warm breakfast. Mind you I been working here for a long while and haven’t come across but a few of them kind of people. When they come by I have to decline because I can’t be showering nor eating during working hours. I usually explain to them like what I’m explaining to you two, and they jus’ look at me even sadder about my life than they was when they first stopped to try and help me. Them people are genuinely concerned about other people, but like I said they aint many of ‘em around. 
“You know I was thinking about getting that money you gave to the other woman, ‘cause I seen that you got quite a bit of guilt, but I knowed she wasn’t no professional, and I couldn’t go stealing money from someone who really needed it. Some people go around thinking I’m a con-artist, but I got more scruples about stuff like that than most people in this city. That’s why I’m telling you this now, so you wouldn’t feel like you got conned when you was really helping someone. If you ever feel like you got conned you know you didn’t ‘cause us, we’s professionals and nobody knows when they got conned by a professional ‘cause if they did it would be bad for our repeat business.”
Julia and Thomas stood motionless. There was something inside of them that didn’t want to be seen talking to the scraggly woman bundled on the sidewalk but they couldn’t walk away.
“What you lookin’ at me like that for? I aint gonna lie to you. I only lie to people who want to be lied to, and I only con people who wanna be conned. Now don’t you go telling everbody else ‘cause the whole world’s got this system set up to where I can make me a living and they all go away feeling good about theyselves, and if they knew the system it would all fall apart for all the rest of us.”
“We won’t,” Julia said and then grabbed Thomas’s arm. They both turned and walked briskly away. Thomas thought he heard the old woman cackling behind him but didn’t turn around. When they got to the car, Julia took Thomas to their father’s apartment and dropped him off. She didn’t go in, or even turn off the engine. Thomas got out of the car, walked up the creaky stairs, and into the unlocked apartment. Peter wasn’t home. 
Chapter 4
Later that night Thomas found himself having coffee with the stranger, whose grim smile and cryptic speech were becoming too familiar. They were sitting across from each other in their usual seats outside the Small Talk Coffee Shop. 
“You wanted to know how I knew you didn’t believe in your idea,” the stranger began. “I saw you give money to that woman yesterday.”
“You followed me!” Thomas was indignant.
“Don’t start again; that’s just like you people, saying that nothing is bad—you even disdain the word bad, ‘so childish and pedantic’—and then getting offended at anyone and everyone who doesn’t agree with you as if they were doing something wrong. But that’s only natural, you have an instinct to look after yourself, pure biological instinct explains this deficiency in your logic. But what you did with that woman was utterly unexplainable, it defied all logic and contradicted all your ideas. She isn’t even a good woman, in fact she is utterly wicked, and you gave her money out of pity.”
“How do you know she’s wicked? Did you know the woman?”
“Everyone has that natural bend to do bad things, but to answer your question, yes, I know her and while she has done many bad things in her life that was the first time she’d ever been reduced to begging. It pains me to see her begging.”
“So you have sympathy for her?” Thomas asked. His surprise at the possibility that his companion could feel any love for humanity overrode his instinct to point out one last time that there is no such thing as bad.
“Sympathy?” the stranger retorted, almost snarling, “by no means. I despise her. I even helped bring about her decent into her present state. But you should know that I’d never have done it if I knew she’d have resorted to begging.”
“You’re back to social stratification again. You see if you’d just get it through your head that there are no absolutes then it wouldn’t matter if she was a beggar; begging would be just as noble as being a doctor or a lawyer.”
“But that’s where you’re wrong. Begging is much better for her than if she were higher up in the socioeconomic ladder—worse for me, but better for her. There is too much humility in begging; it’s a humiliating profession—unless, of course, she persists in it. In time begging could ruin her just like anything else because she’ll get used to it, and she won’t be ashamed anymore and then there will be no more humility. She’ll become like that other woman you met and think of herself as a sort of con artist, and then she’ll begin to look down on the poor generous saps like you who give to her. Still it doesn’t make any sense; she should have gone to one of the charities that takes care of people in her situation. She could have still maintained some of her dignity living in one of the shelters; she’d be free of the worry that comes with uncertainty, and the anxiety that causes people to do such rash things, and she would be certain to develop a sense of pride and disdain toward those from whom she took because they’re all so condescending. That’s how she’d look at it, not from the perspective of them giving but from the perspective of her taking. That’s how she would’ve been even if she’d spent the rest of her life as an anonymous face in a serving line at the soup kitchen. Why this begging? Where is her pride? But now you’ve managed to get me off track. What is important is that she really was destitute, and you gave to her out of pity. But that whole bit about her poor starving son—that was a lie, and it worked on you.”
“I didn’t give to her out of pity. I gave her some money so that she would leave me alone; I gave for my own convenience, not out of pity. I admit some hypocrisy, but only because I felt that being disturbed was worse than walking to the car in peace. I did not give out of pity.” Thomas put special emphasis on this last sentence.
“Now you’re lying to yourself—it’s good that you don’t believe lying is bad,” the stranger said and waited for a reply before continuing. “At least admit that you’re lying to yourself. Maybe you can convince yourself that you’re not lying but I have a lot of experience with lies of every kind, and I can recognize one when I hear it.”
Thomas stood up, truly offended and raised his voice. “What do you care if I live it out! Why does it matter to you? You sit down at my table, and I try to have a civilized conversation about the idea of there being no absolutes, and you keep badgering me about hypocrisy and reminding me that I should kill myself, as if I hadn’t already considered it.”
“You’re not leaving are you? Sit down like a civilized man if you want to have a civilized conversation.” The stranger effaced a soothing voice, apparently unfazed by Thomas’s outburst.
“No, I’ve had enough coffee and enough small talk for tonight. I’m going home to work on my paper.” In his passion Thomas struggled to put his overcoat on and in the process knocked over the wooden chair he had been sitting in. He noticed that some of the other patrons had turned to see what the commotion was about. They were almost concealing their amusement, but Thomas could tell that inside they were all laughing at him, laughing at how ridiculous his idea was, how ridiculous he was. Finally he managed to button up his coat and started toward the street, trying to salvage what was left of his pride.
“If you had faith in your idea you’d kill yourself,” the stranger said as Thomas walked away.
* * *
Hannah had stayed up late poring over documents until her eyes were so dry that they couldn’t focus. But when she finally crawled under the covers she still couldn’t make herself go to sleep. She stayed awake in the state that she had been trying to avoid all day long: loneliness. She managed to hold all the memories at bay as she lay on her back looking up at the ceiling, but the nothingness couldn’t be helped, and it seeped into her the way water seeps into dry ground: taking in a few drops at first and slowly penetrating deeper, saturating the earth until all that remains is a pool of mud. She woke up before the alarm, but she still felt exhausted. She threw a bagel in the toaster and heated water for tea in the microwave. She consumed the meager breakfast and took a long shower to fill up the time. Hannah stood under the water and lifted her face so that it was directly beneath the flow. She focused all of her attention on the warm water falling from the showerhead, beating down on her eyes and mouth and nose. 
When she got out she took her time getting dressed and somehow managed to lose track of time, something she’d been trying in vain to do almost every moment of every day. When she realized that she should have left for work four minutes ago she grabbed her briefcase and started toward the door. As her hand reached for the doorknob, she froze. She remembered something that she’d thought about doing for a while. She made herself turn the knob and she pulled the door open, but she couldn’t make herself go outside. She decided to go through with it. 
Hurrying back to the bedroom she dug through an unpacked box until she found what she despised herself for looking for. She held up the two inch by three and a half inch piece of glossy cardstock and looked at the name, Joseph Henderson, that had been printed in bold letters across the top, with his occupation and contact information printed just below it. It wasn’t a card she was proud of playing, but it was better than the alternative, an alternative that had haunted her all night. She put the business card in her inside pocket and hurried out the door.
* * *
When Thomas woke up Peter wasn’t home. He knew that his father had come back at some time during the night because there was a bowl of milk with a spoon on the little table positioned between the living room and kitchen. Thomas fumbled past the table to the sink. He washed a bowl and dried it off before filling it with bran flakes, the only box of cereal in the apartment. It was 8:30 on a Saturday morning, and Thomas would have been sleeping soundly if the phone hadn’t woken him up.
“I don’t know why she wants me to go with her, or what could be so important that it couldn’t wait until a reasonable hour,” he thought, as he slowly crunched down on the flakes of cereal that were already getting soggy. He didn’t want to admit that he was flattered that Julia had called, wanting him to be with her when she went back to the old folks’ home. But habit forced him to put on the early morning act to which he’d grown accustomed. The slovenly plodding motions had begun as a forced act that he’d used so that his roommate would leave him alone in the mornings. But now the act came naturally, and Thomas didn’t know if he was pretending or if he’d really grown into the persona. 
He finally managed to snap out of his abysmal mood when Julia knocked on the door. She poked her head in timidly and looked around before asking whether their father had come back. Thomas told her that he was alone and invited her to come in.
“No thanks,” Julia said looking over her shoulder. “Are you ready to go?”
“Let me get my jacket,” Thomas said and disappeared down the hallway. When he reemerged Julia told him that she’d changed her mind about coming in, and that she needed to use the bathroom.
“Of course,” Thomas said and opened the door so she could enter the apartment. She stood in the entryway with her eyes wide, as if she were trying to take in the scene but couldn’t quite comprehend her surroundings. Finally she asked, “Which way is the bathroom?”
Thomas’s eyes seemed to be saying, “You mean you’ve never been in here?” as he pointed down the hallway and said, “First door on your right.”
Thomas waited on the couch, forgetting how difficult getting up from those cushions could be. When Julia came out of the bathroom he struggled to his feet and walked out with her. “So why are we going back?” Thomas asked when he got into Julia’s car.
“I have to tell him that I don’t want it,” Julia replied.
“It?”
“The money.”
“Why not? If he wants to give it to you then that’s his business,” Thomas said.
“I haven’t exactly been daddy’s little girl lately, not since Thanksgiving, really even before that. I couldn’t stop thinking about the way he acted yesterday, and I know that if I take the money then we’ll never be able to go back to the way things used to be.”
“Even if you don’t take the money it doesn’t mean that he’s going to get any of it,” Thomas pointed out.
“Don’t you understand? I don’t care about who gets the money, but if I get it then he’s going to despise me forever.”
“But even if you don’t take the money it doesn’t mean that things will ever go back to the way they were. He’s changed. People do that and I don’t think he’s ever going to be the way he was. It’s something we’ve got to accept so we can move on with life.”
“Maybe you’re right,” Julia admitted. “But I still can’t take the money.”
When they arrived at the nursing home Julia marched directly to Abraham’s room. Thomas couldn’t help but admire the determination on her face as she strode down the hallway and burst through the door. Abraham turned to see who had come in, and she hesitated for a moment, losing a little momentum, but the words were already on her tongue and came out of their own accord.
“Why are you doing this?” Julia didn’t try to hide her exasperation. “I don’t want your money.”
“Why do people do any a’ the things we do?” Abraham asked. “Well?” Abraham prodded, when neither Julia nor Thomas responded.
“Survival? Instinct?” Julia offered. She felt as unsure of her answer as she did about her grandfather’s question.
“That can’t be it,” Abraham objected. “We want ta believe there’s logic, but when you really think ‘bout everything you do in a day you have ta admit that reasonin’, survival, instinct, all a’ that stuff doesn’t come close ta explainin’ it.”
Thomas interjected, “You’re right Grandpa. Nietzsche says that it’s because we have a will to power. We do everything to increase our power.”
Julia looked up at him and crinkled her forehead as if in deep thought. “I don’t think that’s it,” she objected. “A man might want power, but it’s only so he can survive.”
Thomas’s face shot back at her; his eyes saying, “Who are you to disagree with one of the greatest philosophers of all time.”
“No,” Julia said softly, “That doesn’t explain why I’m getting everything.”
“Of course it does,” Thomas said quickly. “He’s giving you his money to exert his power over Dad. It’s a form of revenge. Nietzsche says that this will to exert power is our primary drive.”
Horror spread across Julia’s face and she turned back to the bed. “Is that it? Is that why you’re doing this? I don’t want your money, and I won’t take it. I can’t believe that you could even consider something like that.”
“That’s not it.” Abraham said calmly. “I can’t lie an’ say that I didn’t want ta get my revenge on him fer puttin’ me in this place. But if that was it I wouldn’t a’ waited ‘till now.”
“Then why? Why are you doing this?” Julia asked.
“’Cause I believe in you. An’ ‘cause I want my life’s work ta go ta do somethin’ good in the end. Lots a’ times we don’t know why we do the things we do ‘cause a lot a’ the time there ain’t no reasonin’ at all. But sometimes we do things ‘cause we want ta do somethin’ good. It ain’t ‘bout seeking pleasure an’ avoidin’ pain. There ain’t any logic or survival or power involved.” He looked at Thomas as he enunciated the word power. “In fact,” he said turning back to Julia, “I don’t’ want you ta wait ‘till I’m dead. I was thinkin’ after you left yesterday that I wanted ta give half a’ it ta you now, ‘fore I die.”
“I don’t know what to say,” Julia stammered.
“You don’t have ta say nothin’. I saved all this up fer nothin’ hardly spendin’ a penny and now I want fer one a’ us to use it ta live life.”
Julia acquiesced, and let Thomas walk her out of the room. When they were in the hallway, Thomas turned to Julia as if he’d finally found the words he’d been looking for. “It’s obvious you know. He’s giving you the money because he wants to feel good about himself. Deep down it’s that he’s trying to avoid the pain of a guilty conscious. The meds keep him from feeling any other type of pain, and he’s trying to get rid of the only one that’s left. That’s all morality amounts to.”
“Can you really believe that?” Julia asked. “Can you really think that life, that charity, boils down to something so base? Don’t answer that. Let’s not argue.”
* * *
Hannah was halfway to the office before she realized that the traffic was abnormally light, and then it hit her. She was driving to work on a Saturday. As she pulled off the interstate onto an exit ramp, she remembered that she had promised to take Lewis to the mall so she could buy him some new cloths and the video game he’d been wanting. When she arrived at Luke and Debra’s house, he was more than ready. He ran out the door to meet her before she’d even gotten out of the car. He yelled out goodbye to his Uncle Luke who had barely managed to make it to the front door, and climbed into the passenger seat of his mother’s car. 
The simple words “Goodbye Uncle Luke,” stung Hannah like a pinprick. They brought back to her memory everything that she’d been trying to force back into the deep recesses of her mind, and she regretted dragging that truth to the surface where she couldn’t avoid or deny it. As she spent the morning with Lewis, letting him drag her from one store to another in what she knew was a vain attempt to find one that had his game in stock, she fidgeted with her cell phone. Then her fingers found the business card that she’d grabbed before leaving for what she’d hoped would be a full and hectic day at the office.
When they’d finished in the mall, they walked out with two bags full of new clothes—Debra had been telling her for some time now that Lewis needed to finish replacing what had been destroyed in the fire. Lewis drug his feet as they made their way to the car, visibly disappointed at not having been able to find his game, and Hannah’s insistent promise to come back next weekend had done little to improve his spirits. 
“He used to be such a happy boy,” Hannah thought as she loaded the bags into the backseat of the car. She tried to tell herself that his melancholy might be the result of making him stay with Luke, but despite her prejudice she couldn’t convince herself of such an obvious lie. She hated herself, the selfish way she’d gone about splitting up with him. Lewis was only a child, and she knew what kind of lasting effect traumatic events could have on children. She’d known it, but she’d wanted to get away from her own situation so badly. 
She knew that if she’d been thinking only about Lewis then she’d never have been able to go through with it. She’d never have been able to take even the first steps. Maybe if she’d held on a little longer for Lewis’s sake they’d have been able to work everything out and get to the life she’d been dreaming of. As she drove down the interstate, to take her son back to stay with two people who she couldn’t even think of as his relatives, that wonderful fantasy life seemed more impossible to her than it had when she’d lain awake in his bed feeling like she was drowning in that dead end relationship. 
As her car sped over the interstate, Abigail’s advice about seeing other people seemed more foreign to her than living in an apartment she would never consider her own, or sleeping in a queen sized bed all by herself. She couldn’t refute her friend’s logic; so many people in her situation were out there doing just that: dating, moving on with their life, looking for the happiness that had eluded them on their first attempt. But Hannah couldn’t help remembering how magical being with Peter had seemed in the beginning. She couldn’t hope to have a beginning like that again, and if even a relationship with the most magical beginning could turn out so dead and distant as theirs had, what hope or assurance could she have of a new relationship turning out differently.
She knew that she could meet a charming person who would sweep her off her feet and be perfect for her, but she couldn’t believe that it would last. Somewhere in the dissolution, love had been reduced to a biological event. She’d lost faith in forever, and she knew that the only thing that could ever restore it would be reconciling with him, which could never be, or a new marriage that lasted forever, which was impossible without the faith she needed to even consider starting down that path again. She was completely trapped, but the wheels of the car continued to speed down the interstate, and Lewis sat next to her with his head bowed so that she couldn’t see the dejected look that she knew he wore.
* * *
When Julia and Thomas got back to their father’s apartment Julia said goodbye and thanked her brother for going with her.
“I know you could have thought up something better to do,” she said as he got out of her car.
“Actually I was afraid I’d end up sitting around bored all day,” Thomas admitted. He closed the door and turned to walk away. Julia put the car in reverse and backed up. She jumped when she saw Thomas standing beside her window. He motioned for her to roll it down, and as she did he leaned over and said, “Why don’t you come up?”
“I don’t think he wants to see me.”
“Don’t say that.”
“I’m the reason he’s not getting his inheritance. I’m probably the reason why he’s staying out late and nowhere to be found in the mornings.
“Don’t believe that you’re the cause of it. That’s so self-centered.”
“What do you mean?” Julia asked.
“You’re not thinking about him. You’re only seeing yourself, so you think it’s your fault, but it isn’t. That’s why people get upset with each other over nothing. They expect to walk in the door and begin with a clean slate. They never see what’s going on inside of the other person. They think the only reason for someone to get upset is if they’ve done something wrong. Then when the other person gets upset because of something entirely unrelated, they always get upset too, because they know that they didn’t do anything wrong. If people weren’t so self-centered they’d see the struggles going on inside of everyone around them, and then they’d be more understanding.”
Julia looked at her older brother with a sense of surprise and admiration that she’d never felt for him before.
“What?” Thomas said when he saw her expression. “I know it wasn’t articulate, but some of what I’ve learned is applicable to real life.”
Julia didn’t know how to respond.
“So are you going to come up?” Thomas asked again.
“Sure.”
She opened the door and accepted Thomas’s hand as she stood up out of the car.
* * *
Even though his mother had assured him that they would find his game in stock next week, Lewis didn’t believe it. Not because he didn’t believe that his mother would make every effort, he had faith in her, but because he couldn’t believe that he would ever merit receiving anything he wanted. A feeling of worthlessness filled his young soul. He didn’t understand where this feeling came from, and he didn’t think of it in terms of divine punishment for what he’d done. Concepts like God, fate, and karma eluded him, but the feeling persisted. It was why Summer would never like him, and why he had to live with his uncle and aunt instead of his mom and dad, and why boys like James Guthrie would flick matches at him. He was completely alone in the universe, even while his mother sat in the car seat just a few feet away. What was even worse was knowing that everything was his fault and that he had brought it all on himself. 
The only thing he had really understood since Thanksgiving was that he didn’t deserve happiness and that it would elude him forever. His mind couldn’t express any of these thoughts in words, but the empty feeling they evoked pushed its way to the surface all the same. The confusion that came from not being able to pinpoint the origin of the tidal wave of emotion that was crashing over him magnified the emptiness. All he knew was that the tears forming in his eyes and the sniffle in his nose, brought on by not having gotten what he’d been hoping for all week, weren’t caused by something so material, but had their origin in something far deeper, something that he couldn’t begin to explain, though he understood it about as well as any adult. 
He tried to hold back his tears, afraid that his mother wouldn’t understand and think that he was crying about the game. How could she understand why he had to fight back tears when he didn’t know himself? He was afraid that his mother would either get angry with him for crying over something so trivial, or even worse, that she would be sympathetic and ask him what had upset him, and then he’d have to try and explain to her that he didn’t know what he was crying about, or in his confusion simplify all of those emotions by saying that he was only upset because of the game.
Hannah couldn’t help noticing the way Lewis fixed his gaze out the passenger side window. She didn’t assume that not being able to find his game had caused whatever had come over him. She never imagined the guilt that was building up inside of her little boy, she couldn’t have. Instead she projected all of her own shortcomings onto the situation. She could only understand what she had done, and for this reason she assured herself that it was her own inability to hold her marriage together that had engendered her son’s melancholy.
She took the exit ramp and stopped at the red light. She tapped her fingers on the steering wheel impatiently before reaching for her cell phone. She looked over at Lewis who was still pretending to be focusing on something far off in the distance. She pulled the business card out of her inside pocket and dialed the number.
“Yes, I know it’s Saturday,” she said, “but I was hoping that I could come by your office and talk something over with you. Of course. Then Monday at 2:30. Thank you so much. Bye.”
Chapter 5
Time
Carry me willingly to sweet old age
And blissful day, when I will die.

Julia and Thomas walked up the creaky steps that led to their father’s apartment. Thomas opened the door for Julia, who stepped inside and froze in the doorway. Thomas saw the terrified look in his sister’s face before he saw the reason for it. Peter was sitting in the ratty couch, which he had turned ninety degrees so that it now faced the door. His arms were folded across his chest, and the scowl he wore looked so severe that Thomas could only assume that it had been deliberately prepared for that exact moment. 
“I should be going now,” Julia said.
She turned to leave and bumped into Thomas who she’d completely forgotten about. He stepped aside to get out of her way, and she tried to step around him so that they bumped into each other again before Thomas stepped to the other side and Julia clumsily squeezed by.
Peter yelled after her, “Why don’t you go ahead and get out of here; go on and steal someone else’s inheritance, someone who’s not your own father you little swindler. You’re my daughter, you were my daughter. I took care of you when you were a helpless little ball of flesh and now this is how you repay me? You’re worthless; you’re ungrateful; you’re. . .” 
Julia had already disappeared and Peter broke off, not because she couldn’t possibly hear him, but because he couldn’t formulate any more words. He directed his wrath at Thomas who hadn’t moved.
“What were you two doing together? You were trying to get in on it weren’t you! You’re all after what should be mine. Nobody has any respect for family, for their parents, but children should have respect for their fathers. They have an obligation to them, except for my ungrateful children who forgot about me as soon as I was out of sight.”
“You’re drunk again,” Thomas said calmly. 
“So what if I am. In voni vartis,” 
Thomas wasn’t sure if his father was slurring his words or simply showing his ignorance. In either case he didn’t correct him.
“Think about what you’re saying,” Thomas pleaded. “You don’t mean any of this. Julia loves you, and she didn’t want to steal your inheritance.”
“Did you put her up to it? You told her how to do it. She’s not smart enough, not devious enough to figure it all out, but you are. You knew exactly how to get the money out of him, but you needed her. You couldn’t wait until I was dead. You!”
“Dad! You don’t know what you’re talking about,” Thomas said, trying to calm his father.
“You would think that! Get out of here. Get your stuff and get out.”
“Dad!”
“I said get out!”
Thomas left the living room and reappeared a few minutes later with his duffle bag. Peter was still sitting in the same position, the hatred still seething. Thomas opened his mouth to try and say something but the wrath on his father’s inebriated face made him lose all hope of reconciling. He closed the door behind him without saying a word. He didn’t go down the stairs to his car but stood on the landing for several minutes listening, trying to hear the creak of the old couch or the sound of footsteps that would indicate that his father had gotten up. He didn’t hear anything and finally stepped down the stairs. He took them slowly, pausing on each step in the vain hope that his father would come out.
* * *
Hannah spent the greater part of Sunday morning sitting on the sofa that Abigail had left in the living room, waiting for the hour hand on the grandfather clock to move forward. She didn’t want to spend her time like this. The waiting was torture. She tried to turn on the television, but the Sunday programming was even worse than a blank monitor. After flipping through every channel twice, she turned the television off again and went back to waiting. She closed her eyes and listened to the soft ticking of the second hand. 
“How many more seconds?” she wondered. “They always give you estimates in months or days, but why don’t they translate it into seconds? When they told me months I didn’t want to waste a single one—why not seconds? Why not breaths or heartbeats?”
She inhaled deeply and held the air in her lungs as if savoring it, and then exhaled slowly. The soft tick tock of the grandfather clock brought her back to reality. She opened her eyes and reproached herself for even thinking along those lines. She reminded herself that fifteen percent was a relatively small chance especially in comparison to eighty-five percent the other way. It was almost time to go to bed, and then she would sleep late before leaving to pick up Lewis for lunch. She tried to focus on the task at hand—winning in court without it coming to that. That could never come out. While it would devastate Lewis as well as Peter, she was most afraid of what it would do to her. 
“It shouldn’t affect me at all,” she’d told herself, but the more she thought about it the more she knew that it would. It would be even worse for her than for everyone else combined. She glanced at her calendar and looked at the appointment with Joseph Henderson. She didn’t want to waste a single second, but at the same time she wished that time would come and sweep her away to a day when all the uncertainty had passed. Finally the clock chimed to signal that it was a quarter till noon, and Hannah hurried out the door.
* * *
On Sunday morning Julia drove Sara to church and after dropping her off in the parking lot she went back to the nursing home. She didn’t notice Susan sitting at the receptionist desk, or the throng of senior citizens vying for her attention, but walked determinately down the hall.
“You’re ruining everything!” she exclaimed as she burst into Abraham’s room.
“Everythin’ was already ruined a long time ago, ever since the beginnin’.”
His voice was calm, and there wasn’t a hint of surprise in his demeanor, as if he’d been anticipating her entrance all morning.
“We just want to be happy, and you’re taking all that away. After everything that’s happened I just want to live a happy life for a change. And now because my dad and my mom couldn’t make their life work you’re taking away my last chance at having a decent family life. He hates me now.”
“That’s not why you came back here,” Abraham noted.
“I don’t know why I came back,” Julia snapped.
“I’ve been writin’ again. I’ve been thinkin’ some more an’ I’ve been writin’ all my thoughts out.”
He held out a piece of paper filled with his scrawled handwriting, and she hesitantly accepted it.
“Go on an’ read it.”
Julia sat down next to the bed.
“Read it out loud. I want ta be able ta hear it again.”
Julia read slowly:
“Everyone is entitled to some happiness, or so the saying goes. I am not. I burned those bridges when I was still young, when people would have called me innocent. Cruelty, lust, anger, envy, these have all been skulking around inside of me since childhood. Even though they haven’t come to the surface as often in me as they have in others, my heart’s still filled with all of them. The man who wears lust in his bastard child might live, but I wear it inside. Scar tissue on the heart is a serious health issue and can lead to death. Happiness, a romance that doesn’t end in unfaithfulness—I wish that I’d been faithful more than I hate what she did—passion, something pure, stronger than the scars on the heart, on my heart, this is all I really want.”
Julia stopped reading and looked at her grandfather. She wanted to ask him about the grandmother she’d hardly known, but he looked so peaceful as he lay there with his eyes closed and his ears listening to her read, so she cleared her throat and continued.
“By grace wounds heal with time, but the scar tissue remains—dead tissue, tender tissue, or tissue that has lost all feeling. It never goes back to the way it used to be. Something is lost forever. Something pure and beautiful—so much more than I deserve, so much more than I should hope for. Still I want it, and somewhere past the scar tissue I hope for it. Something strong enough to erase the scars of past years, the sins of incontinence, the sins of youth—those innocent little sins always grow up into sins more wrathful and treacherous. Resurrection power could redeem everything if it hadn’t eluded me all these years. I have kept all my scars hidden from resurrection, because I know that before resurrection comes death—when there is still hope for life, death is a hard thing to let in. So I lie here dying instead of living because I’m terrified of death. 
“People are such stupid creatures. Everybody wants healing but the best that healing can do isn’t enough. I’m just like everyone else. I still cling to hope of healing; I still look for some other way because I can’t turn the desire over to death, because I’m afraid that the resurrection isn’t real, or what if it is real and it overlooks me, what if I don’t deserve it? Love, unadulterated, life, fullness, it can’t be for me, not after such a wasted life, and I can’t settle for anything less. So hope comes in the life to come, a life I want to believe in but can’t. Resurrection is so much more than I deserve. I see glimpses of it in this life, and it spurs on the desire for death—but are they real glimpses or am I only seeing things in my old age? It’s an impatient longing; every day I’m tempted to give in, to satisfy the desire with something unworthy, second best, to make the burning that comes with desire, the burning that makes me long for death, subside for a moment, to numb the pain that drives me. How many times have I settled for the cheap? My whole life has been nothing but settling. So many times that even if I were to come across the truly beautiful, it would be out of place in my life—this half dead life of mine. Even the most beautiful would be filthy in me. I should leave the truly beautiful for those who won’t tarnish it.
“Suffering, death: God’s gifts to men, the means by which full redemption might come. We numb the pain and postpone death. Hard labor—God’s blessing—if there is a God. I wallow in the curse; I look for every shortcut I can find. I want to know suffering, I want to understand it in every form, to embrace it; I want it to spur me on, to push me on to death—in the hope of resurrection, a fresh start—no more scars. I always look over my shoulder hoping for the chance for something pure, stronger than the scars on this side of death, a taste of redemption, a romance that doesn’t end in unfaithfulness, that bitter taste. At the same time I see my life like a tragedy laid out before me. A road of almost and what could have been, what could have been but wrong choices have consequences, punishments which I don’t want to avoid. I would sleep easier if I was given what I deserve. I want so much better than I deserve. If He’s really out there will He look past it all, can He look past it all? Whatever he gives—life or death—is a blessing—more than I deserve. I want both at once. I will be content with either. If He’s really out there then there has to be a resurrection power. And if He isn’t then there can’t be a resurrection power, and none of this matters. Nothing matters at all.”
When she finished reading she was silent. The writing led to so many questions. She still wanted to ask about what had happened with her grandmother, what he meant by death and redemption, what he meant by life, punishment and ‘deserved’.
“This doesn’t sound like you,” she said.
“It is me. It’s what they call stream a’ consciousness.”
“I mean the words and the sentences, it’s not how you talk.”
“Susie helped me edit it all up so it don’t sound like a worthless old country boy wrote it. That’s why I wanted ta hear you read it ta me. I wanted ta know if it sounded real comin’ off a’ your lips.”
“But where did you get all these ideas, these words?” Julia asked, not wanting to point out that she was well past the point of being fooled into thinking of her grandfather as a worthless old country boy.
“I’ve been thinkin’ a lot an’ readin’ a lot—I’ve been readin’ more than just my westerns. I’ve been reading classics. It’s all I have left ta do now. I’ve looked at some Shakespeare an’ some Mark Twain and all kinds a’ stuff like that. That’s where I got the idea that my life was kind a’ like a tragedy. It’s like all a’ those people in his plays where they don’t do much wrong, but they don’t do much right, at least that’s what it seems like ta me, but some professor’d probably tell me I got it all wrong.”
“You’ve been reading Shakespeare?”
“That’s the only kind a’ books they’ve got in this place. Nobody else’s got any use fer those kinds a’ books so they ship ‘em all here where they ship everythin’ else they want ta put out a’ mind. Susie comes in an’ we read together, an’ she tries ta explain ta me what he’s tryin’ ta say, even though I don’t think she really understands all a’ it herself.”
“Susie?” Julia asked.
“You know, the one that ate with us at Thanksgivin’. She said I should call her Susan but I don’t. I just like it that she makes time ta come in here an’ read with me. She’s young an’ pretty, but other than that we’ve got a whole lot in common. The more I read the more I think everyone a’ us has a whole lot in common. But that’s not the point. So why did you come here? Or did you just stop by ta yell at me fer ruinin’ everythin’?”
Julia had gotten so lost in her grandfather’s thoughts that she’d forgotten her original outburst.
“I came to,” she began, but her voice faltered. “Do you want me to read something to you?”
“I’d like that,” the old man said.
“What do you want me to read?”
“Somethin’ magical.”
“Magical?”
“Yes, somethin’ that can jump out a’ the page an’ grab me.”
* * *
Sunday afternoon Peter showed up at his brother’s doorstep. He wasn’t as drunk as he’d been on Saturday, but his clothes still bore witness to his morning binge. Luke opened the door, and, when he saw the state his brother was in, stepped softly onto the porch and closed the door behind him.
“What are you doing here? Look at yourself,” Luke said.
“I came to see Lewis.”
“Lewis is with Hannah, like yesterday. Where were you yesterday?”
Peter didn’t answer.
“All I’m trying to say is that I don’t think that Hannah is going to be content with joint custody. And looking at you now I don’t see how any judge isn’t going to give Lewis to her. If you want to keep custody of your son then you’ve got to do something fast. You’re running out of time.”
“What do you mean ‘running out of time’?” Peter asked.
“Hannah knows that your life’s falling apart at the seams. She asked me how you were still holding it all together today when she picked up Lewis, and I didn’t know what she was talking about until you showed up here like this. I don’t know if she knows about the drinking but she knows something.”
“You told her!”
“I didn’t tell her anything. After everything that’s happened between us I’m still your brother. I’m still on your side.”
“She told her,” Peter said under his breath as if all the pieces had just then fallen into place. “You’re all on her side.”
“I’m on your side,” Luke insisted.
“Then let me see my son,” Peter demanded.
“I told you he’s with his mother.”
“I don’t believe you! Let me come in!”
Debra’s face appeared in the window next to the front door. When Peter’s eyes met hers she ducked out of sight.
“Let me in!” Peter shouted again 
“I’m your brother and I’m only trying to help you,” Luke said with an exaggerated calmness that infuriated Peter all the more. “You need to pull yourself together.”
“You need to let me see my son! I didn’t leave him here with you so you could hide him from me!”
“Nobody’s hiding anyone. If you want to see your son you’ll have to go to the pizza place on Third Street. That’s where he went with Hannah to get lunch.”
Peter didn’t know if he believed his brother, but turned around and stomped back to his car all the same. He heard the front door open behind him and figured that Debra had just stepped out onto the porch. He heard her calm condescending voice ask, “Should we let him drive in this state?” He wanted to turn around and say something but restrained himself. He slammed the car door and backed out of the driveway in such a hurry that he almost hit the trash bag filled with freshly mown grass.
* * *
“My Spirit will not contend with man forever, for he is mortal; his days will be a hundred and twenty years.” Julia stopped reading the flood story that had seemed so preposterous to her months ago and casually wiped her eyes, trying to conceal from Abraham the mist that had filled them. Her grandfather lay motionless with his eyes half closed listening to her read.
“What’s the matter? You cryin’?”
“I’m sorry I got a little teary eyed thinking about,” she began. “I’d heard all this before, but never really heard it. Thinking about it in a different sense it meant something different to me, that’s all.”
“I never knew nobody ta get teary eyed over a bunch a’ bad men drownin’ in a flood. They’re gettin’ what they deserve.”
“That’s not it,” Julia said.
“Well what is it then?”
“It’s the number. Their days were numbered.”
“What ‘bout it?”
“It made me think about,” Julia hesitated.
“Well out with it.”
“It made me think about you. About how you’re stuck here and everyone’s just waiting for you to die, and we all know that it’s coming and all the doctors are trying to figure out when and why it hasn’t happened yet, but it’s going to happen.”
“Don’t you cry fer me. I don’t deserve ta be cried fer any more than those men you’re readin’ ‘bout, who’re ‘bout ta get what’s comin’ ta ‘em.”
“That’s not all I was thinking about,” Julia added. “I started thinking about you and how you know that you’re time’s coming, but none of those people in the story had any idea, and that made me think that maybe my time might be coming because of what I’ve done. But I wasn’t upset for me because, like you said we’ve all got it coming to us.”
Abraham listened with the patience of a man who knows exactly how the story ends but doesn’t say anything because he knows the teller has to voice the words.
“Grandpa, I still think about him.” 
“Him?”
“Maybe her, I don’t know why but I always think of it as a he. I try not to remember, but I can’t ever forget. I was thinking about why his years were numbered, and if it was me that numbered them. I look at everything around me, and I try to tell myself that I only spared him a life of hurt because that’s all that really comes to people anymore but,” Julia stopped for a moment. “I listen to people say that it’s my body and I want to believe them so much and maybe I do believe them because it was my choice; it was my decision and I made it, but for me I made the wrong one. I’m not saying it’s wrong for everyone, but I know it was wrong for me because I can’t live with it. And reading this story I started thinking that maybe it isn’t my body because my body’s time is numbered too, and I don’t have any control over how long it’s going to keep on living. If there is a God then he gave us our choice, not just about our body, but about someone else’s too. Why couldn’t he see that we don’t deserve our choices, because everyone always chooses wrong?”
Abraham smiled in an attempt to set her at ease as he took her trembling hand in his own. “But he gave us our choices all the same, an’ we still have ‘em. If I’d known half a’ that when I was your age I think I’d a’ lived a better life,” he said soothingly.
“I never thought about it before I went in and did it. Why didn’t I at least think about it?”
“Everybody does things without thinkin’, an’ when it’s all said an’ done everybody who takes the time ta think ‘bout all the things they’ve done ends up by askin’ the same question your askin’ now, an’ I don’t know a single man that’s ever figured out the answer.”
“But why are we allowed to make these decisions? Why doesn’t the rain come now and wash us all away? Why doesn’t it rain and wash away all this mess we’ve made of our lives?” Julia didn’t know to whom she was addressing these questions but she waited as if expecting an answer.
“I think the rain is already fallin’ on all a’ us. The difference is you want it ta come an’ drown you ‘cause you know it’d wash away everythin’ your feelin’,” Abraham said. He closed the book that still lay open in her hands and added, “We don’t have ta read anymore today.”
Chapter 6
“Perhaps I know best why man alone laughs: he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter. The unhappiest and most melancholy animal is, as fitting, the most cheerful.”
-Nietzsche

On Monday morning Thomas got out of bed the first time his alarm went off—something he’d grown accustomed to doing every other day of the week. He brushed his teeth and got dressed with a vigor that had been completely foreign to his morning routine before he’d enrolled in Dr. Bowman’s 8:30 class on nihilism. He stuffed a notebook and The Will to Power in his backpack and completely forgot about everything that had transpired over the weekend, as if everything that had happened had been experienced by someone else. 
If he had experienced everything that he remembered happening during the weekend, it was at least part of a different life, completely separate from the one to which he’d woken up that morning. Now he was back in that life in which he lived in a leaky apartment, a life that had its own set of problems and expectations. He couldn’t help feeling that the life he’d woken up to was the real one and that all of those messy family issues had only been a bad dream, something he’d made up in his head while he was asleep to give himself an escape from everything that was waiting for him in his real world. Now that he was awake he had ideas that needed to be developed and tested. 
Something from the people living above him still leaked from his ceiling, and the buckets in the living room were getting full from the constant dripping. But he had more important things with which to concern himself. First came his class, and then he had to finish the essay—it was a brilliant essay, perfectly thought out. He’d gone over it five times already, but he still wasn’t satisfied with his last two paragraphs. With all of that messy family business over the weekend he’d forgotten all about those paragraphs, but they were the most important. They had to be perfect on paper first, before he could implement any of it. If he could implement it then he’d have already found his idea that would change the world and make it a better place, though he’d already given up on the notion of better in the strictest sense of the word as it would completely contradict everything he’d come to believe.
By the time he arrived at his 8:30 class he was overcome with pride. He, a freshman, had already found his idea, his purpose, something most people spend their lives in search of. He took his seat in the front row and waited for class to begin, oblivious to the other students who filed in behind him. Of course it wasn’t his idea, it was the idea of a myriad of men who had lived before him, but he’d embraced it to such an extent that he couldn’t conceive of anyone else having ownership of it. It couldn’t have been formulated by anyone other than himself because it touched him so personally; how could someone else’s idea be so personal, so specific, to him? It was impossible, and so it had to be his idea and no one else’s, and even if it wasn’t, what he was going to do, the way he would implement it, would be completely original.
Dr. Bowman made his entrance from the back of the room. He had loose papers stuffed under his left arm and The Will to Power in his right hand. The chatter that had filled the room slowly died down as he organized the papers on the tiny podium that stood in the front of the room. Thomas waited patiently in reverent silence, which he felt was due to such a great man despite his ragged appearance. Dr. Bowman wore his tattered brown corduroy jacket, as was his custom, this time with a plain green tee shirt and blue jeans. His clothing, combined with his wispy hair, which did little to cover the bald spot on the top of his narrow head, made him seem ridiculous to most of the students. Thomas had overheard more than a few snide comments while waiting eagerly for class to begin. The ridiculous looking man adjusted his glasses and then looked out at the classroom that had fallen silent.
“I hope you all had a good weekend,” he offered awkwardly. Nobody responded. “It’s back to Nietzsche now. I trust that you’ve all finished the reading and have started on the essays that are due on Friday.”
Thomas thought he could make out a snicker mixed in with the sound of bodies shuffling uneasily in their seats.
“Don’t worry,” Dr. Bowman continued. “I didn’t bring a pop quiz.” He chuckled as if he’d intended to say something humorous. The room remained silent. Dr. Bowman looked down at the podium and began to read, “‘Fundamentally, it is only the fear of punishment that keeps men within bounds and leaves everyone in peaceful possession of his own.’ We see here that in Nietzsche’s worldview that punishment in itself does not serve society in the least, but only the fear of punishment. And further on Nietzsche states that,” he paused to flip through the book on the podium. “Here it is. ‘Punishment does not purify, for crime does not sully.’ So the question remains, why do we have punishment in our society today? Why do we have prisons and lethal injections if they don’t serve to purify society?”
“Because Nietzsche was wrong,” a voice exclaimed from the back. The snickering that ensued didn’t seem to bother the professor in the least.
“Let me ask that question in a different way. What, according to Nietzsche is the function of punishment?”
“To instill fear in others,” Thomas said.
“Exactly. But to those who aren’t afraid of punishment what reason do they have for not stealing and murdering?”
“It’s wrong,” said another voice from the back of the room and several other voices muttered agreement.
“Nothing,” Thomas contradicted boldly. He could feel their searing gaze on the back of his neck. He knew that half of the class hated him for agreeing with Dr. Bowman, or with Nietzsche, or with both, and the other class despised him for caring at all. But that didn’t matter to him anymore. All he cared about was his idea.
“Exactly,” Dr. Bowman said again. “Crime does not sully, and so those who are above fear are above the standards imposed on them by society. You see, everything is permitted to those who aren’t afraid of punishment because right and wrong are just like pleasure and displeasure. They’re all,” he paused as he looked down at the book and finding his place continued, “They’re all ‘accidentals, not causes; they are value judgments of the second rank, derived from a ruling value.’ And where does this ruling value come from? Since we concluded earlier in the semester that there is no ‘ruling value’ thus all value judgments are negligible.”
Thomas scribbled in his notebook as fast as he could, not wanting to omit a single point. It was all necessary for his theory, for his idea. He wrote furiously, not like the other students who were only trying to accumulate enough information to do well on the exam, but as a man whose very existence hinged on those words.
* * *
Lewis woke up in a soft bed, in a room that had been prepared for him, in a warm house, a real house, not a temporary apartment or townhouse. It was the same bed he’d woken up in every morning since the night he’d tried to cook pancakes. His parents had decided that it was best for him to stay in a home with some stability instead of moving him all over while they sorted out the mess that their lives had become. It never occurred to him that the reason he’d stayed with his uncle that night, and the reason he was still there, was that neither of his parents had considered it their obligation to pick him up the next day. 
He hadn’t been forgotten, in fact both Peter and Hannah had wanted to pick him up, but they were both so busy with their own affairs and neither knew exactly what to do with him. As soon as Hannah moved in with Abigail she suggested to Peter that Lewis come to stay with her, but Peter had objected on the grounds that it was better for Lewis to stay with Luke and Debra than to get shuffled from one temporary home to another. As a result he didn’t even suggest taking Lewis when he signed the lease on his apartment, knowing that if he did Hannah would only throw his own argument back at him. They each came to the conclusion that leaving him in a home was best for Lewis, and since Luke and Debra were only too happy to have him, the arrangement had been finalized.
Lewis had no understanding of this when he got out of his uncle’s guest bed on Monday morning and walked into the dining room where Debra was setting waffles on the table. The aroma filled the room, and a pang of joy struck Lewis as he sat down at the table next to Luke, who put down the paper to ask him how he’d slept last night. The feeling of joy passed as it gave way to the gloomy pessimism that nagged at Lewis every time he should be most happy. The fresh waffles smelled something like pancakes, and the family breakfast didn’t make him feel at home, but reminded him that he wasn’t in his own house. It wasn’t that Lewis didn’t prefer waffles with maple and raspberry syrup to warmed up Pop Tarts on the run, but Pop Tarts in the toaster was his life, and the enormous waffle on his plate only served to remind him that everything around him was somehow false, a life that wasn’t his own but forced on him as a punishment for his secret. He told his uncle that he’d slept okay even though he’d spent most of the night tossing and turning, and he ate his waffles slowly.
Debra dropped him off at school on her way to work and he made his way to his classroom. He was in no hurry. When he walked in his eyes instinctively fixed on Summer’s desk. But this time, instead of fixating on an open book, her eyes were fixed on him. He immediately turned away and clumsily sat down at his desk. He felt a poke in the back and turned around to see Tommy leaning over his desk.
“Are you gonna ask her what her mom said?” he whispered in Lewis’s ear.
“No!” Lewis replied. His voice was hushed but desperately firm. He turned back around so that Tommy couldn’t say anything else, something that Summer might overhear, and to his horror she was standing next to his desk. His body reacted the same way most people’s do when they’re nervous, but Lewis didn’t notice his sweaty palms, pounding heart, or the way his leg shook and made his entire desk vibrate. He did notice that her presence terrified him. He didn’t understand how the embodiment of everything he’d desired for so long could produce such fear. The fact that he had to look up at her because she was standing and he was sitting in his desk only increased the awkwardness. 
Lewis tried to get out of his desk, not that he was consciously trying to put himself on the same level, but he didn’t know what else to do. He didn’t want to step out of the desk because that would put him too close to her, and in trying to stand up without sliding out from his seat he almost knocked the entire desk over. He knew that the commotion had caught the attention of the entire class.
“Hello,” he managed to say when he’d finally gotten to his feet. Her face was as flushed as his, and she looked over her shoulder as if she were also worried that Lewis’s clumsiness had caught the eye of everyone else in the room.
“My mom said,” she began. She looked around the room one more time and then in a quieter voice continued. “My mom said I should tell you yes.”
Lewis didn’t know what to make of her answer. On one hand she’d said yes. But what did it mean? Did it mean she liked him? And if it did then what came next. He’d prepared all weekend for her to say no, he was ready for rejection. But this answer, this unexpected and ambiguous yes, he didn’t know how to deal with. He wasn’t even sure it was a yes. What if her mom said she should tell him yes, but she wasn’t going to? Lewis’s hesitation gave Summer’s face time to turn crimson, but he couldn’t consider the possibility that she could be blushing from embarrassment. In fact he hardly noticed her flushed complexion because he was so preoccupied with what he should do or say next. He had to say something.
“Okay class take your seats,” Mrs. Puckett announced.
Summer turned around and sat in her desk. Lewis followed suit. His moment had passed, and he still didn’t know what its passing meant. He knew that his inability to respond meant something important, something life changing, but he didn’t understand how. Mrs. Puckett began writing out the morning’s math problems on the dry erase boards. Lewis forgot that he was supposed to be copying them in his notebook. He forgot everything else except her. But it wasn’t even her that he was really thinking about. It was himself, his future, what he hadn’t done. His eyes fixed on her beautiful brown hair and the way she was scrunching her forehead and wrinkling her nose as she worked on the math problems that he’d completely forgotten. 
He’d looked in that direction every day since school had started, and he’d daydreamed about what it would be like to have her as his girlfriend. He’d admired her and been terrified that she would never say yes, but now that she’d said yes a new fear emerged, a greater fear than anything he’d known before. It wasn’t like the fear of rejection or the fear he’d felt when he had hid from his father in the attic. Those fears had been exhilarating, they made his heart beat faster; they made him feel more alert, more alive. This fear was new and completely different. If he’d only said something he could have mastered it, even if he’d said the wrong thing. The most wrong thing in the world would have been infinitely better than nothing. 
But he hadn’t said anything, and this new fear swept over him like the cold winter wind had done the night he’d stood outside his house, watching those flames consume his old life. He didn’t understand this new fear, but he knew it was justified. It was more justified than anything else he’d ever been afraid of. Why hadn’t he been able to say anything? Would he ever be able to say anything? If he couldn’t then nothing else in his life would ever have any meaning. 
He felt the urge to speak up. It didn’t matter that everyone would hear. He wanted to shout to her “I love you.” He remembered how he’d summoned the courage to talk to her that day by the Monkey Bars. He concentrated on the part of him that had found the will to act that one time. But it felt like that part of him was gone forever, and if it wasn’t he knew that it would be soon. He cleared his throat and even opened his mouth, but nothing came out. He swallowed, and he might have been on the verge of speaking, but before the words could escape he saw Mrs. Puckett looking directly at him. She didn’t seem upset with him; he knew that look. She was only looking at him with confused pitying eyes. She wouldn’t embarrass him like she had before. She hadn’t embarrassed him since Thanksgiving. He wanted her to call on him more than anything else. He wanted her to make him stand up at the board in front of everyone so that he would look like a fool, but she didn’t. 
When their eyes met she turned her head away, the same way he’d turned his head every time Summer had caught him looking at her. Lewis looked back at his blank page of paper and then up at the board, and as he began working on the first problem fear gave way to shame. He knew that everything was connected: Summer’s answer, Mrs. Puckett’s eyes, the note, his parents. They were all connected even if he couldn’t see how, and they all went back to that night, to the fire. 
“Okay class,” came Mrs. Puckett’s voice. “If you’re not finished you’ll have to work on it later or take it home. Right now I need everyone to take out their science notebooks. We’re going to finish learning about the water cycle. Lewis put up the sheet of paper that only contained half of the problems he was supposed to have copied. Mrs. Puckett wiped away the rest from the dry erase board. Lewis wondered how he would even know what problems to do now that she’d erased them. Mrs. Puckett turned on the projector and aimed it at the white board. The image showed how water went up into the sky, formed clouds, came back down to the earth, and then ran down its surface until it ended up in a big body of water where it would get taken up again. 
If it had been raining that night maybe the house wouldn’t have burned down, and then everything would be different; everything would be better. Why hadn’t it rained that night? Lewis tried to understand why some days were sunny and others had rain. The transparency that Mrs. Puckett projected up on the board made it look so simple, far too simple. There had to be something more, something that transcended water vapor, condensation, and precipitation. Lewis knew that there had to be something that transcended the mechanical functions of the water cycle, something bigger that nobody was telling him. The reason it hadn’t rained that night to put out the fire was the same as the reason he hadn’t been able to say anything to Summer.
He listened as his teacher explained vaporization even though he knew that it was all wrong. Not that he thought that he was being lied to; he knew it was true in the strictest sense, but what he was learning wasn’t the big truth that could explain why it hadn’t been raining that night. Everything Mrs. Puckett said seemed so far from that big truth that it felt like a lie to him.
Lewis pushed everything out of his head long enough to copy the diagram into his notebook. He drew the pictures of water going into the sky, forming clouds, and coming back down. He copied down all the big words that ended in “tion” and then drew the arrows that connected the pictures showing that it was all an unalterable endless cycle. He drew the arrows even though they made him feel small and helpless and then finished writing down the big words next to them.
When the bell rang at the end of the day, students scrambled out to the busses or to the parking lot just like they did every day. Lewis still hadn’t said a word to Summer. He’d spent recess on the basketball court with Tommy; she’d been on the monkey bars with her friends. In the confusion of students rushing to and fro his eyes met up with hers, but only for a moment. She blushed again, and this time Lewis thought that he might have caused the red hue in her cheeks. And then, before Lewis knew it, the moment had passed again, and she had turned around to find her bus. He turned and went to the parking lot where Debra was waiting for him.
* * *
Julia made it through all six periods that day the only way she knew how, by completely applying herself to what each class had to offer. When the day was over she went to her locker and began filling her backpack with the folders and textbooks that she would need that night. While her hands picked up items and placed them where they belonged, her mind was trying to decide whether or not she was going to go to rehearsal. The weekend had given her just enough family drama that she’d managed to forget what was waiting for her. She knew what could happen if she went, and she knew that it would. The only question was whether or not she could summon the courage to face it. The question was never really about whether or not she would go; she knew that she couldn’t avoid going forever, but only a matter of preparing herself for what would happen. 
As far as she’d remembered, there were only two people who knew the truth: her and Abraham. She’d forgotten about the third. She’d completely pushed him out of her life and even the memory of what he stood for had faded away into the background of a remote past. She hadn’t worried about him, but now there was another one who knew, and she wasn’t afraid to speak out. He must have told her the secret, and last Friday, when she intimated to Julia that she knew, Julia had run away. She hadn’t known how to deal with the shame, but as she walked down the halls she stayed calm and focused. 
She knew what she had to do—nothing. There was nothing she could do or say that could exonerate her in light of the accusations that would come, so she took each step resolutely, fixating on how she would take whatever came without saying a word. By the time she’d reached the stage where the rest of the actors and stage hands were trickling in, she felt certain that no matter what happened she would endure it all silently. She wouldn’t deny a thing, even if she exaggerated the story. No matter what she said or how she lied, or how she painted the truth Julia knew that she would take it all silently. She would look her accuser in the eye and, without turning away or interrupting; she would listen to it all. After everything was said and everyone knew the truth, she wouldn’t turn and run away; she would stand firm and wouldn’t say anything until the other one turned away first.
Julia scanned the room until her eyes found the other one who had only recently found out about her secret. She found her sitting on the edge of the stage swinging her legs as they dangled from the platform, as if she didn’t have a care in the world. Next to her sat Scott Beckerson. They were holding hands, and he was saying something to her while she gazed idly into his eyes. She looked helplessly in love despite his aloofness.
“She looks pathetic,” Julia thought. “Did I? Surely I never.” But she knew that she’d behaved in the exact same manner. She remembered how she had looked up at him, how she only wanted him to return her expectant anxiety, and how she knew that he wouldn’t but didn’t care as long as her hand was in his. 
“How stupid,” she said under her breath not knowing if she was referring to herself or the one who sat next to Scott dangling her legs. Julia watched while she kissed him on the lips. Julia specifically noted that they didn’t kiss each other but that she had kissed him and that it hadn’t been the other way around.
Now that he was gone Julia walked right past the other one to show that she wasn’t afraid. She had to prove to herself that she wasn’t afraid; she needed to know that she wouldn’t break down and not be able to go through with her plan.
“Hey Stacy,” Julia said, acknowledging her rival in what would have sounded like a genuinely friendly tone to anyone who might have overheard.
“I guess the little tramp decided not to run away again like she did on Friday,” Stacy said under her breath. She didn’t turn her head but acted as if she was talking to herself, speaking just loudly enough for Julia to hear as she walked past. Julia didn’t flinch, but it was only a jab.
“Places everyone,” Mr. Mason’s voice called out. “We’re doing act three, so everyone who’s playing a dead person needs to sit down in the cemetery.” Everyone took their place, and when the stage was settled Mr. Mason said with exaggerated calmness, “We’ll be starting where we left off at Mrs. Soames’s line, ‘Who is it Julia?’ Stacy where are you?”
Stacy was still back stage but she hurried out and took her seat with the rest of the dead and caught Julia’s eye before delivering her line: “Who is it Julia?”
Julia tried her best to convince herself that she was Emily Webb as she hid among the umbrellas. She listened as Kristen replied, “My daughter-in-law, Emily Webb.”
Julia tried to focus only on her part, on what was happening, she tried to pretend that she wasn’t Julia Manchell. She wanted to be Emily Webb and nothing more. Her mind would have drifted if she hadn’t heard Stacy call out her name. She startled and then remembered that Stacy was talking to a fictitious character, and she’d only repeated her line: “What did she die of, Julia?” but Julia wondered if there hadn’t been an additional emphasis on her name.
“In child birth,” Kristen answered.
“Childbirth!?” Stacy exclaimed.
Julia knew the script. She knew that Mr. Mason had directed her to deliver the line almost with a laugh, but there was something more in her voice. It was completely different than what they’d rehearsed before. She made herself look up, and she confronted those cold, accusing eyes that were indeed focused on her.
“I’d forgotten,” Mr. Mason coached from below the stage.
Stacy turned away from Julia pretending that the pause was only an attempt to remember her next line. “Of course,” she said and then quickly added, “I’d forgotten all about that. My, wasn’t life awful.”
Julia heard her pause after the word “awful” and didn’t turn her head, but waited calmly for whatever was going to come. She grew tense. There was a crash backstage, and she jumped. A few people noticed and snickered. Mr. Mason muttered something about the competency of the stagehands and waved his arms indicating that the rehearsal should stop as he rushed off to check on the problem.
“It’s kind of ironic,” Stacy said to Kristen, and looked up as if making sure that Julia was still listening. Julia felt that this was the moment she’d been preparing for. She watched as others seated around Stacy turned to listen.
“What do you mean?” Kristen asked.
“About Julia being the one who plays Emily.
“How is that Ironic?” another voice from among the dead asked.
“Haven’t you heard?” Stacy said, as if she genuinely believed that what she was about to say had been common knowledge. 
“Heard what?” Kristen asked.
Stacy glanced up at Julia and then turned her head from right to left as if she were trying to make sure nobody else was listening, as if she didn’t want anyone else to hear what she was about to say. Julia couldn’t make out the words. She could hear Stacy saying something in a whisper and watched as heads looked up at her and then immediately looked away when they discovered that she was watching. Voices murmured around those seated in chairs, and the expressions on the faces of those actors who were supposed to be playing dead souls became very lively.
“So this is how it is,” Julia thought. It wasn’t how she thought the scenario would play out but it was close enough. She stood firm and didn’t turn away. Stacy was whispering something to Kristen who listened eagerly. She had to have been filling in some kind of details, but they talked too long for it to only be details because there wasn’t that much to say. Maybe she was speculating, lying, saying who knows what. From time to time one of the two would look in her direction but never directly at her. Julia wanted to run but she didn’t. She didn’t turn away until Mr. Mason came back from dealing with what turned out to be a minor mishap with the ladder backstage.
“I intentionally pick a play that has a bare set and those boys still find a way to mess things up. Okay since Stacy obviously needs a little more time to practice her lines, why don’t we skip ahead to where Emily has just come back from visiting the living.”
Mr. Mason’s comment didn’t seem to faze Stacy who sat up straight in her chair and made no effort to keep Julia from seeing the self-satisfied smile that she’d put on. Julia walked across the stage and took her seat among the rest of the dead. She tried to sit up straight like Stacy but couldn’t bring herself to lift her chin.
“No, no. Not that far,” shouted Mr. Mason. We’re starting with your line to the stage manager.”
Julia got up and walked back across the stage. The rest of the cast found their places and finally everything was in order again. Julia tried to stay firm. Her character was about to break down. If she could hold out just a bit longer she could cry and nobody would understand that it was really her; they would all assume that she was only acting.
“Now your line,” Mr. Mason said.
Julia swallowed and looked at the stage manager. “I can’t. I can’t go on. It goes so fast. We don’t have time to look at one another.” She delivered the line perfectly. Her voice trembled and the tears streamed out. Everyone would know now. Her secret was out and nothing could hold it back. The shame felt fresh, as if she’d only had the operation yesterday. When nobody had known, she’d been able to bury the truth. It hadn’t been easy, but she’d managed to move on as if nothing had happened. Forgetting was possible when the only other people who knew were the one who was truly guilty, and an old man who was already dead to the rest of the world. Now everybody would know, and the charade would be over. 
“What will Jason say?” Julia didn’t know why that of all worries came to the surface. She pushed the thought away and through her sobs managed to say to the stage manager, “Take me back—up the hill—to my grave. But first: Wait! One more look.”
“No!” came Mr. Mason’s voice. “I mean you did everything great, but you forgot the first part of your line. It’s supposed to start with, no, just forget it and keep going. Julia finished her line and sat down among the rest of the dead. She was sitting next to Kristen who was sitting next to Stacy. They delivered their lines but Kristen never looked at Julia. They were supposed to look straight ahead, but Julia knew that nobody would have looked at her even if it weren’t part of Mr. Mason’s instructions. Julia didn’t falter through the rest of the rehearsal. She delivered the rest of her lines perfectly until the very end when she turned and looked directly at Kristen despite knowing that Mr. Mason would throw a fit about how she was supposed to look straight ahead.
“They don’t understand, do they?” she said as if pleading.
“No, dear. They don’t understand,” Kristen said coldly and kept her eyes fixed on an imaginary point directly in front of her.
“Where’s the clock!” Mr. Mason shouted. It’s so simple but they can’t even strike the clock on cue. We’ll do the whole act again tomorrow and could everyone please try to have their lines and cues memorized by then.”
Nobody moved.
“Well go on home early,” Mr. Mason raved. “There’s no point in rehearsing if nobody knows their part. And remember that dead people don’t look at each other when they’re talking.”
Chapter 7
Peter woke up Monday afternoon, made a phone call to his lawyer, and went downtown where he bought a copy of the paper. He sat on a park bench and looked through the help wanted section in hopes of finding something in telecommunications. He knew that these days the internet was probably a much better place to start, but he couldn’t warm up to the idea of beginning his search like that. He didn’t find anything and flipped to the sports page. When he finished the sports page, he began reading from the front page and read nearly every article. When he finally set the paper down he felt that being out in some fresh air was good for him, and, despite the fact that the city air was anything but fresh, he spent the better part of the afternoon on that park bench breathing in the crisp air.
By the time he got back to his apartment, he felt much better. It was as if the spring breeze had cleansed the stifling suspicions that had been plaguing him. When he walked inside he tossed his coat on the chair and sat down in front of the television. He decided that he’d try looking for a job on the internet, but that it could all wait until tomorrow. It wasn’t until sometime after the news and prime time that he felt a rumble in his stomach. He called Stanly who agreed to meet him for dinner at a burger joint. When Peter got to the restaurant Stanly was waiting on him. They ordered and consumed their food together.
“You want to go down to Murphy’s and get a drink?” Peter suggested as Stanly finished off his value meal.
“Not tonight,” Stanly said.
“Some other time then?”
“Of course. I’ve got to get going, lots to do,” Stanly responded, and he got up from the table. 
“I’ll be there if you change your mind,” Peter said as his companion pulled out a cell phone to make a call and walked outside.
* * *
Hannah got home from work and waited by the phone. She’d spent so many evenings working late that she’d run out of work to bring home. She’d bought a few books on the way to the office that morning to try and occupy her newfound downtime. She spent almost the entire evening reading by the phone. She only bought classics, literature, because anything else would only be mind-numbing entertainment. She’d wanted to buy a good mystery novel or something with adventure, but she felt that any of those books would put her on the same level as him, because she suspected that he sat around watching television all day to pass the time. So instead of doing something truly enjoyable she sat by the phone reading classics, despite the fact that she didn’t particularly care for them. She was well into Brave New Worlds when the phone finally rang. 
“Hello?”
“Is this Hannah?” came the voice on the other end.
“Yes it is. Is this . . .”
“Yes.”
“So what can you tell me?” Hannah asked casually.
“Peter’s going out to Murphy’s. He’s leaving in just a little while from Burger King.”
“And you’re going with him?
“No. I’ve got stuff to do. That’s why I called. You said that after everything you still didn’t want to see him ruin himself.”
“And I don’t,” Hannah added. Her tone was emphatic.
“And that’s the only reason I’m calling you. No offense but I’m his friend and I’m still on his side not yours.”
“Of course. But we both know that he has a problem and that we’ve got to work together to make sure he doesn’t put his or anyone else’s life in danger,” Hannah said.
“And that’s the only reason I’m telling you this. You’ll go and look after him? ”
“I’ll be there and I’ll make sure he doesn’t try to drive drunk or get into any trouble, but I don’t plan on saying anything to him.”
“I still don’t feel right telling you this.”
“You’re doing the right thing and I appreciate that.”
Hannah hung up the phone, pulled out the now crumpled business card, and made another call. The phone rang three times. It was almost enough time for her to wonder if she believed everything she’d just said, but not quite long enough.
“Hello Mr. Henderson? This Is Hannah Manchell. I was calling concerning what we talked about this afternoon . . . Yes, he’ll be at Murphy’s any minute . . . No of course I shouldn’t go myself . . . Anything you can find out would be helpful.”
She hung up the phone again and tried to go back to reading her book but she found herself reading the same page over and over because her mind would only focus on the thought of Peter and some pretty young girl sitting at some bar together. Abigail’s advice played over and over inside her mind: “You need to get out more, go on a date sometime.” She tried to focus on the book. She’d read another page without paying any attention to the words and went back to the top to start it over again.
* * *
Peter showed up at Murphy’s by himself. He walked toward the table where he and Stanly usually sat and pulled out a chair, but he didn’t sit down in it. He stood still, frozen by the thought of what it would mean, what would certainly happen if he sat down to drink by himself. He’d gotten back into the habit of drinking alone, but there was a stigma involved with doing it in public, as if he were crying out for the whole world to hear, “I’m all alone.” He pushed the chair back in and found a stool at the bar next to a middle aged woman. He didn’t think she was really good enough for him, but he tried to strike up a conversation anyway. 
“Mind if I drink with you? You know what they say about drinking by yourself, and I really need a drink.”
“Don’t mind at all,” the woman said cheerfully.
“What’ll you have?” the bartender asked.
Peter asked for a beer, and the bartender filled a glass from the tap and set it down in front of him.
“So what do you do?” Peter asked.
The unattractive woman looked as if she were deep in thought and then responded, “Let’s call it creative design consulting.” She laughed.
Peter didn’t understand what part of her response could possibly be considered humorous, but he laughed with her. She wasn’t funny, but he could appreciate anonymity.
“What do you do?” the woman asked.
“The same thing, creative design consulting.”
They both laughed again. They made small talk and Peter finished his beer and ordered another. He appreciated the meaningless banter simply because it was contact with another human being, but he had a hard time focusing. Someone at a table somewhere said something that caught his attention. He made eye contact with the middle aged woman but his ears were tuned to the voice of what sounded like a much younger, more attractive woman.
“Man . . . he’s always here, as much as I am at least . . . I don’t know . . . family problems I think . . . drunk? I don’t know . . . his friend . . . usually drives.”
He couldn’t make out much of what the voice said because of the ambient noise, but he felt sure that the voice was talking about him. He knew that from the fragments of the conversation he could pick out, she could have been talking about anyone, and he tried to convince himself that he was being paranoid, but he couldn’t stop listening.
“Are you even listening to me?” the middle aged woman asked with a flirtatious slap on his knee. “I think you need another drink. Bartender, I think my friend here needs another drink.”
Peter turned his head around the room to try and find the voice.
“Don’t tell me you’re looking for some other woman. You’ve already got me eating out of your hand,” the middle aged woman said.
“No I just thought I heard somebody say my name.”
“And what is that name?” the woman asked
Peter was focusing on another voice and heard her question, but it didn’t register with him that he needed to respond.
“I’m sorry,” the woman said abruptly. “That’s kind of personal, I shouldn’t have asked. So what are you doing later tonight?”
“Just drinking,” Peter said and then calling the bartender, asked for a shot of whisky.
* * *
When Peter had walked into Murphy’s, the comfortable familiarity that washed over him made him feel more at home than he’d ever felt walking into his new apartment. For Hannah the experience was like stepping into a foreign country; a place that she’d visited years ago but never warmed up to. She was glad that it was a classier bar. The tables had a veneer of elegance, and local artwork hung from the walls. She was relieved for her sake, but she’d always imagined, and secretly hoped, that Peter spent his evenings crawling into the dirtiest place he could find. She walked into the bar like a little girl looking for her mother in a crowded department store. As she stepped inside someone grabbed her arm forcefully from behind and she let out a startled squeak.
“You shouldn’t be here,” she heard a voice say.
Hannah turned around to see Joseph Henderson’s eyes fixed on her with the same firmness with which his hand gripped her arm.
“What are you doing here?” he asked when she didn’t respond. He didn’t wait for a reply but ushered here over to a table, and pulled out a chair for her.
“Is he here?” Hannah asked.
“He’s sitting at the bar behind you, don’t turn around.”
Hannah had already turned to find him.
“I sat you down with your back to him for a reason,” he said with a scolding look in his eyes.
“Of course,” Hannah mumbled. “Who’s the girl?”
“I don’t know. He’s been talking with her all evening.”
“Did you take any pictures of them?”
“Mrs. Manchell, talking with a woman at a bar isn’t going to get you anything in court. He has to cause a scene or something like that to show that he isn’t fit to have custody of your son.”
“How much has he had to drink?” Hannah asked.
“Enough. Look you really can’t be here. If he knows you were here you could be seen as instigating anything he might do.”
“Don’t worry. He may be an experienced alcoholic, but he can’t hold his liquor that well. He’ll drink enough that he won’t remember a thing tomorrow. I only came here because I needed to get out of the house. I’ll buy you a drink while we wait.”
“Mrs. Manchell you really should leave.”
“I insist.”
“Mrs. Manchell I don’t drink on the job.”
“Well if you don’t want to have a drink with me then maybe someone else in here will.” The words came out of Hannah’s mouth, but they didn’t feel like they were her own. It was as if something else were taking control. She couldn’t tell if she disliked it.
“I don’t think you should do that,” Joseph Henderson objected, but Hannah had already gotten up and was making her way through the maze of tables to the bar. She sat down next to the middle-aged woman who was still flirting with Peter. She ordered a glass of white zinfandel from the bartender and looked back at Joseph who watched in disbelief. She made a clicking motion with her index finger and waited for him to bring out his camera before giving him the thumbs up. The fact that Peter hadn’t noticed or recognized her was all the proof she needed to verify that he would have no recollection of her being at the bar the next day.
“Excuse me,” Hannah said tapping the shoulder of the middle-aged woman.
“Have we met?” she said turning around.
“No we haven’t, but you’re flirting with my husband.”
With those words Peter finally realized what was going on. He couldn’t quite put everything together, but he was just sober enough to know that Hannah being there was a bad sign.
“Is it true?” the woman said turning back to Peter.
Peter started off by saying yes, and then, remembering that she was his ex-wife, tried to correct himself, but it was too late. The woman slapped him, this time without the slightest hint of flirtatiousness. Hannah looked over to make sure that there was a picture. The expression on Joseph’s face indicated that he was mortified with her but that he had gotten the picture.
“Maybe you should go on home now,” Hannah suggested to her ex-husband once the woman had left them alone.
“You can’t tell me when to go home anymore,” Peter managed to say. “But I’m going now because I want to.”
He got up from the bar and paid his tab. Hannah went back to the table. “Keep taking pictures,” she said to Joseph who had put his camera back in his jacket pocket. “He’s about to try and go home.”
“Mrs. Manchell, you can’t let him drive home like that. He’s a danger to himself and every other motorist on the road. You might not care about him, but you have to at least think about someone else on the road, someone else’s husband or father.”
Horror crept into Hannah’s face, as if she were waking up from a pleasant dream into a nightmare. “What am I,” she began. “What am I doing?” She put her hands over her mouth and shook her head frantically. “What am I doing? You have to stop him. You can’t let him . . . not like that. What did I do? What are you waiting for you have to stop him, right away, get up now!”
Hannah was borderline hysterical. People started to realize that something was going on, and the tables around Hannah began to mumble. Joseph Henderson stood up to intercept Peter, but Hannah’s hand grabbed his arm to stop him.
“Maybe you could get a few photographs or some video of him trying to drive drunk before you stop him. You know, some kind of proof. What am I saying? Just don’t let him get in that car. But if you could, a video would help in court. Do you have video on that camera?”
“I’ll take care of it,” Joseph said harshly and shook his arm free.
“What am I doing?” Hannah repeated to nobody in particular.
* * *
As soon as Lewis saw Summer walk into the classroom on Tuesday morning he walked right over to her. His step had a determination in it that matched the focused expression on his face. He found himself standing in front of her, maybe even blocking her way, and he realized that he had no idea what he intended to say.
“So are you my girlfriend?” He asked. His resolve vanished as the words spilled out of his mouth. 
“I guess so,” she replied. Lewis remained baffled. He looked for words while she stood in front of him, obviously waiting for him to say something, or maybe just waiting for him to get out of her way.
“Okay,” he finally managed to say, and then he stepped aside and clumsily made his way back to his desk.
* * *
Julia had gone to Sara’s house Monday afternoon and locked herself in the guest room. She’d stayed strong throughout rehearsal but couldn’t pretend when she was only trying to convince herself. Sara didn’t knock on her door to tell her that dinner was ready, and she didn’t go looking for something to satisfy the hunger pangs that shot up from her empty stomach. It was better to feel those pangs than the other empty feeling. 
When Tuesday morning came, she woke up early and felt completely refreshed. The newness felt so real that she couldn’t understand why she’d let yesterday’s events upset her so much. What did she care if the world knew what she’d done? Who were they to her? In a few months she would be leaving them forever and she’d have a new start in college. She didn’t care for any of them and they didn’t care about her.
“Let them talk,” she said to herself as she brushed her hair. The guilt that had plagued her for so many months gave way to defiance. Right and wrong dissipated into simply keeping her head up, and in her hurry to defend herself from the imaginary accusations of those around her she forgot to reproach herself. She imagined everything that Stacy would say and how she would respond, and then replayed the same scenario with Kristen, and even Scott, and then with everyone else she knew because surely everyone would know and everyone would accuse her.
She was almost surprised when she made it through the day without anyone saying a word to her. Even people who were normally friendly towards her kept their distance. Rehearsal also passed without incident. She was Emily Webb and everyone treated her as such, even when she was backstage. If she wasn’t Emily Webb she was invisible. When she got back to the house that evening she found Sara in her room finishing up her homework.
“Hi,” Sara said sheepishly.
“Hey,” Julia replied.
Neither of them spoke for a time.
“I heard a rumor today,” Sara finally said. 
“I thought you would.”
“Is that why you were,” Sara paused, “why you were in your room yesterday?” They’d been friends for years, but the words that came out of Sara’s mouth were distant.
“Yeah.”
“Is it true?” Sara’s words were forced, as if asking them hurt.
Julia nodded her head. Sara didn’t look taken aback, but had a confused longing in her eyes that expressed the desire for clarity. Julia understood exactly what Sara wanted to ask. She also understood that Sara would never be able to ask those questions. Now that it had been said she would have to imagine what it meant, but she would never be able to know all the details because Julia would never be able to voice them.
“I’m sorry,” Sara said finally.
“Sorry for what?”
“I’m sorry that I didn’t know.”
“Exactly. You didn’t know so there’s nothing to be sorry about,” Julia said curtly.
“I’m sorry because I didn’t know.”
“How could you have known?”
“I should have. I mean I knew that something was wrong, but I didn’t know what it was, and I should have known because you’re my friend.”
“I never told you.”
“I never asked.”
“It’s all okay now,” Julia managed to say.
“But I feel like it’s all my fault.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. How could it possibly be your fault?”
“I wasn’t there for you. I should have known what was going on. I should have said something. If I’d really been there for you then you could’ve told me. If I’d asked you would’ve told me, and then I could have said something. I don’t know what I would’ve said, but I know that I would have said something, and if I’d been there for you before, then it would have never come to what it did. There were a million things I could’ve done, but I was too busy to know what I should do, but now I see every day that passed without me doing anything that mattered and if I’d just . . . I can’t help feeling that it’s as much my fault as much as it is yours.” Sara’s voice quivered, but she got all the words out.
“It’s not your responsibility to watch out for me. You can only be responsible for your own actions, and you didn’t do anything wrong,” Julia insisted.
“I didn’t do anything right.”
“It’s not your job to look out for me.”
Sara’s eyes grew defiant for a moment, and Julia could see a passion and purpose in them that she’d never seen before. Then the shame crept back into her face. “You’re wrong,” Sara said softly. “You’re wrong because if you’re right then nothing matters anymore.”
Julia had sat down on the bed and she would have gotten up to leave had her cell phone not rung. She pulled it out of her purse, and almost didn’t answer when she saw who was calling. She wished Sara would go, but her friend didn’t move.
“Hello?” Julia said as she put the phone to her ear. “I thought you would hear . . . No, You don’t need to come over. I’m doing fine . . . I know you would. I don’t’ have any doubt that you would be here as soon as possible if I asked you to come.” Julia hung her head and nodded slightly in self-reproaching agreement, as if the person on the other end of the phone could see her. “It’s not because you feel indebted is it? Don’t answer that. You couldn’t say yes, and I don’t want you to have to say no.” Julia sat down on the bed and listened. “You shouldn’t,” she answered. She sat quietly and listened again. “I don’t deserve that, and I can’t say the same to you. I wish that I could, but I’m afraid I’ll never be able to, and wishing doesn’t count for much . . . No. You should just move on. I’ve made my bed, and there’s no reason for you to share it with me . . . What should you do? You should forget about me and never call me again. Go find someone who deserves you.” Julia waited as the voice on the other end spoke. “Yes, if I ever change my mind, I’ll call you right away.” 
She waited in silence, and finally the voice on the other end of the phone said goodbye. “Goodbye,” Julia repeated, and then added quickly, “Thank you for calling,” before hanging up the phone. She sat on the bed alone. She would have given anything to have been able to say that she loved him too, but it would have been a lie. She tried to make herself believe that he’d only called because he felt indebted to her, but she knew that indebtedness had nothing to do with it. But why else would he call her after everything that had happened between them? She wondered how much of her conversation Sara had understood, and hurriedly got up to leave.
“Wait,” Sara said. “You’re always visiting your grandfather in the nursing home.”
“And?” Julia asked.
“And my grandma is in the hospital, and they say she might not make it, and I don’t know what to do.”
“What happened?”
“She coughed up blood and drove herself to the doctor. The hospital called yesterday. I wanted to tell you then, but you were in your room. I wanted you to be there for me, but I couldn’t trouble you with my problems because I hadn’t been there when . . . I want you to come with me. That’s why I’m sorry. I wasn’t ever there for you, but I want you to come with me now.”
“Of course,” Julia said. “I can drive.”
When they got to the hospital Julia walked alongside Sara until they got to Sara’s grandmother’s room. Sara turned the knob and started to push the door open.
“You’re coming in with me?” Sara asked and looked up at Julia who was standing a few steps away. Julia hadn’t had the slightest intention of following Sara into the room.
“You really want me to go in with you? I’ve never met her,” she said in a hushed voice. 
“I don’t know what to say to her. I didn’t know what to say yesterday either. Please come in with me.”
Julia consented and followed Sara into the room.
“Hi grandma,” Sara said as she took her place by the sick woman’s bed and folded her hands in front of her. Julia could see that her friend was shaking, and she pulled up one of the little chairs for Sara to sit down in. The sick woman lay motionless in her bed. Her hair was a mess, and her skin was so wrinkled that it seemed to be hanging from her bones. The stifling silence enhanced the sterile smell of the room. Sara sat down in the chair that Julia brought her, and the sick woman smiled a vibrant smile that looked completely out of place in that setting. Sara looked helplessly at Julia who broke the silence. 
“I’m Julia,” she said, and then added, “I’m Sara’s friend.” 
“Good to meet you,” the sick woman said. Another long silence ensued. Finally Sara spoke.
“Did the doctors give you good news?”
“In a manner of speaking,” said the woman.
“What did they say?” Sara said eagerly.
“The doctors say I probably won’t make it through the week. Don’t cry now.” Sara’s eyes had already begun to tear up. “We get to see it coming so there’s plenty of time to say goodbye. A lot of people don’t get that.”
Julia felt out of place in the room and tried to make herself as small as possible as she sat in the corner.
“I’m going to miss you though,” Sara objected. “I hate being in here now and seeing you like this, knowing you’re dying.” 
“Whose dying?” the old woman said. “I’m just going home. I’ll be glad when I finally get there. I’ve spent too many years in this sad place already. We’ve all got to go home at some point. For dust though art, and unto dust shalt thou return. It’s all part of our curse for sinning in the garden, for the way all humanity is always disobeying God and being ugly to one another. But now that I’ve lived all these years in this sad place, I don’t know if I should think of going back to dust as a curse anymore. It’s more of a blessing. The curse is all the years we’ve got to tarry in this place, this vale of shadows, with all the hurts and all the tears we have to go through during these tired years. I’m tired you know.”
“I know,” Sara said softly.
“I’ve got to go home when I hear him calling me you know. You couldn’t convince me to stay here for all the world.”
“I know grandma,” Sara said again.
“I know you do, but you do me this favor,” she said. Then the old woman looked over at Julia for the first time. “You girls be good to each other. Everyone’s always being ugly to everyone else, but you girls be good to each other. This world’s a sad place; I can’t deny it, but if two friends love each other then it can be bearable. That’s what your grandfather and I had. Look out for each other and forgive each other when you’re ugly to one another, because everybody’s ugly sometimes. Forgive each other, because when people are being ugly to other people it’s usually the times when they really need for other people to forgive them and love them. But these days nobody wants to love someone who’s treating them ugly, and so they’re ugly back, and that’s why this world’s such a sad place to have to tarry in.”
“I understand,” Sara said and then added, “But maybe the doctors are wrong.” Her tone was a hopeless one. “They were wrong with Julia’s grandfather. You might have another year or two or three left.”
“Do me a favor darling. Don’t go trying to prolong my life any longer than it ought to be. I know that a lot of people are running around out there trying to live forever, or at least for as long as they can, but these bodies weren’t made to last more than a few short years, and that’s a blessing. They get old and start falling apart, and finally they just stop working altogether. I can’t say that I’m sad to see it finally happening to this one of mine.”
Julia emerged from her corner and went to the bedside. She leaned in close to the old woman and whispered in her ear. The old women smiled as if she understood everything perfectly and said, “You’re welcome.”
Julia stepped back, looked at Sara, and then said that she would leave the two to have some time alone before stepping into the hallway. She waited patiently for another twenty minutes. 
“When you left, what did you say?” Sara asked when she finally came out into the hallway.
Julia studied her puffy red cheeks and her tear stained eyes that waited on an answer.
“Thank you.”
“What?” Sara asked.
“I told her thank you.”
Chapter 8
Cathedrals
I’ve seen a room filled with a dim light,
tainted by the stains on the windows,
stains that make them beautiful with shades of reds and greens,
stains that permit only those beams of light deemed aesthetic.
In this dim room, brilliant light comes through
in snippets, most of it absorbed by the stains on the windows;
fractions of splendor pierce the tainted glass
to illuminate the room, still dark, though lined with windows.
One who sees the stains for what they are might fight the urge 
to throw a stone at the glass, to shatter the stains 
and let all the shades and all the brilliance shine through the hole;
then, eyes, remembering the richness of full light, would see clearly.
But the hands that formed the glass meant well,
and as the sun hangs at just the right angle
it sparkles through, and one can’t help but wonder
if its light wasn’t always meant to be seen like this.
The room is so agreeable in its tainted form;
it does not hurt one’s eyes to look at it, and, 
after just a short time, one’s eyes adjust to the dim light 
that fails to illuminate the shadowy nooks and corners.
But as the sun descends, even those rays of light
that had managed to shine through the stains fade from view,
leaving only darkness, as the world revolves, and the sun 
illuminates new regions, regions without stained windows.

“So you’d say my chances are better?” Hannah asked. She sat on the white paper spread out over the beige chair surrounded by the white walls. The only decorations were a few diagrams that hung from those walls and a human skeleton in the far corner. 
“Much better,” the doctor said without looking up from his clipboard on which he was scribbling something.
“How much is ‘much better’?” Hannah asked.
“I’d say 97%.” The doctor looked up from his clipboard and adjusted his glasses. He looked so young.
“He can’t be more than four or five years older than David,” Hannah thought. She fidgeted a little, and the white paper made an awful crinkling sound.
“That’s only 3% the other way,” she said sheepishly.
“Don’t even think about that,” the doctor suggested. “It might even be less. You just need to keep coming in so we can make sure that it stays in remission. We’re lucky to have found this as early as we did. That’s why your chances are so good.”
Hannah thanked the doctor and stood up to leave. The paper crinkled.
“Like I said,” the doctor added, “don’t think about that 3%. Our staff here is one of the best. You can trust that we’ll be doing everything we can for you.”
Hannah thanked the doctor again, and glanced one last time at the human skeleton in the corner of the office before stepping through the door that the doctor had opened for her.
“You can pay at the front desk,” he reminded her as she stepped into the hallway.
“Of course,” Hannah said without turning around. She thought about the 3% as she walked down the long white hallway that led to the reception room. Who could keep from thinking about that 3%? Hannah’s thoughts wandered from the decimal to the skeleton and then to the friendly voice behind the counter reminding her to whom she should make out the check.
* * *
Peter woke up from his afternoon nap in time to meet Stanly for a drink. Stanly was still dressed from his day at the office. Peter wore tattered blue jeans and an old t-shirt.
“What are you going to do now, look for a new job in telecommunications or are you ready for something different?” Stanly asked
“I’m going to go and pursue my dream of being a clown,” Peter answered.
“But you’re not funny.”
“Then I’ll go and be a pirate.”
“Remember, limited life expectancy as a pirate,” Stanly still had some levity in his voice but not much.
“What do I care about life expectancy? What am I living for? You still want to be my first mate?”
“You’ve got to pull yourself together.”
Peter fidgeted in his chair. “Does that mean you’re not going to be my first mate? You should leave your wife before she leaves you and come with me to sail the seven seas.”
“You’re not even drunk yet,” Stanly noted. “At least wait until you’ve had a few beers before you say something like that. Maybe my marriage isn’t the greatest, but that doesn’t mean that I’m going to end up like you.”
“Maybe you won’t, but I hope for your sake that you do.”
Stanly was obviously offended.
“I didn’t mean anything by it,” Peter added quickly. “But I’ve had a little time to think, during commercials mostly, but that’s been enough time to realize how pointless everything is. I woke up every morning so I could go to work and spend all day sitting in an office building doing something that bored me to death, all so I could walk out at the end of the month with a big fat pay check that was enough to cover the house payment, the car payments, and anything else that I could possibly need or want. But now that I’ve traded the big house in the suburbs for a run-down apartment I’m starting to realize that it’s all the same; it’s all pointless. When you watch everything you’ve worked for your whole life going up in flames, it makes a man wonder why he’d worked so hard in the first place. 
“I’ve been wondering a lot about what the purpose of it all is, and I’ll tell you that there wasn’t ever any purpose; it was all completely meaningless. So I’m telling you now that if you don’t like your job—and I know you don’t—and if you don’t like going home to your wife because she nags you, then you just need to leave it all behind. Come with me, and we’ll be pirates together. 
“Don’t look at me like I’m crazy. I’m saying all of this while I’m sober so you won’t write me off as a rambling drunk. It might be the only sober thing I say all day, so don’t think I’m rambling. You’re the one who’s out of your mind. Think about what you’re working for. What do you want? We’re all here for a few years and then we’re gone. It can happen in an instant, or we might drag it out for as long as we can, but in the end everything we work for doesn’t amount to anything; it’s all pointless. But you can’t understand. If you slept in tomorrow and didn’t go to work because you just didn’t feel like going then you might be able to understand.”
Stanly interrupted his friend. “I brought you something.” He pulled out a folded sheet of paper and handed it to Peter. “I got you an interview; it’s tomorrow, which I know is short notice, but if you want to get the job you’ll need to put on something a little more formal than blue jeans.”
“Didn’t you hear anything I said? I don’t want another pointless job to look forward to every pointless day of my life.” Peter crumpled up the paper and dropped it on the table between them.
“Just think about it,” Stanly said and pushed the paper back toward Peter.
* * *
On the way back from the doctor’s office Hannah stopped at the bookstore. She felt fed up with literature and wanted to buy something that could help her cope. Maybe the classics that she’d been struggling through could offer that, but if they could, all their advice would surely be hidden under the surface. She needed something direct, something modern, something that could speak to her exactly where she was. She needed the words of an intimate acquaintance, of a friend. 
As she surveyed the titles that sectioned off the bookstore: mystery, biography, horror, children’s. She went to the one labeled: “Self Help” and pored over titles. She didn’t know exactly what she hoped to find help with. Maybe Coping with Death for Dummies or So You’re Past Your Prime and All Alone. She didn’t find either of those titles, so she pulled the next best thing off the shelf and opened the cover. She looked at the picture of the author. She was a woman in her late forties. Like Hannah, she wasn’t unattractive. She wore a suit similar to what Hannah had on. The only difference that Hannah could find lay in her confident smile that seemed to say: Trust me; I’ve got it all together.
“It’s all marketing,” Hannah thought. “This woman’s life could be just as much of a wreck as my own. Or maybe she’s still living in the ignorant denial that I lived in a year ago. Maybe I should be writing a book full of advice for everyone else who thinks that their life will turn out perfectly. Someone should warn them.”
Hannah wracked her brain for a title for the book she would write while she waited in line to buy the advice of a woman who could at least look like she had everything figured out.
* * *
When Wednesday morning came around Thomas sprang from his bed with the same vigor that he’d had on Monday, a stark contrast with Tuesday’s lethargic struggle to find motivation. He went through his morning routine and gathered everything he would need for the day, double-checking to make sure that he’d put his paper on Nietzsche in his backpack. He still had half an hour before he needed to leave for class, so he pulled out the paper to look over it again, not with the intention of making any last minute revisions—he’d spent all day yesterday doing that—but to admire his work one last time. He skipped to his favorite section, the one that he’d spent hours going over Tuesday afternoon, and read with glee.
The Myth of Religion:
All religions attempt to create guilt as a way of making themselves indispensable. Christianity especially tries to convince men that it is a necessary factor in alleviating their guilt, that they are too weak to do it on their own. What men needs isn’t the Bible but something that teaches them how to abolish their guilt. According to Nietzsche, “One would have to be a theologian to believe in a power that annuls guilt: we immoralists prefer not to believe in ‘guilt.’” The church as an institute has spent centuries trying to project this guilt. In fact all of “Christianity is no more than ‘the torturing and vivisection of the conscience.’ ” Nietzsche saw in the 19th century what modern man has yet to accept. Throngs of people continue to fill church buildings every Sunday morning out of the guilt based economy of the church. They feel that they must go or they will be even guiltier, and thus the church has created a perpetual cycle of imposing its ideas about guilt on the common man. Their primary weapon is the fear of death. Nietzsche notes that the “fear of death, for example, is systematically confused with fear of the ‘after death.’” This fear of the after death is directly related to centuries of images of hell and torture perpetuated by the church. 
Nietzsche understands that society makes “a thing painful by investing it with an evaluation.” The church causes more pain than it will ever heal because it creates the evaluations of sinfulness and wrong that have permeated society and have mired down countless brilliant minds in trivial pursuits such as the redemption of the soul—something that no intelligent person could believe in as it, “arose from unscientific reflection on the [agonies of] the body.” Christianity has discovered that “fundamentally it is only the fear of punishment that keeps men within bounds and leaves everyone in peaceful possession of his own.” But what society is not willing to admit is that “punishment does not purify, for crime does not sully.” The church does not dare tell society this because when the masses wake up to this truth it’s primary weapon will be rendered useless.
Christianity pretends to have the market cornered when it comes to truth while Nietzsche affirms that “there are many kinds of truth and consequently there is no truth.” But even if there were one truth it would be to follow one’s instincts. When there is a multiplicity of truth there is no truth. Nietzsche understood this, and he affirms that “there is no meaning in anything.” When this truth gets out, society will be plunged into chaos because every thinking person will realize the truth in Nietzsche’s exclamation: “Everything is false! Everything is permitted!”
Thomas placed the paper carefully in his notebook, which he in turn placed in his backpack and hurried to class, forgetting to eat breakfast.
* * *
Peter looked at the suit and tie. The thought of putting them on and going to the interview to grovel for a job repulsed him. He was still free. He couldn’t go back to that old life. He was free, and all he wanted was to keep that freedom. He went ahead and got dressed. The dress shirt was too tight and choked him a little. He unbuttoned the top button and tightened his tie. When he looked at himself in the mirror he saw the opportunity to have his old life back; he hated what he saw. He looked down at his watch. It was time to go. He looked back at the mirror and studied his reflection. He loosened the striped red tie and flopped down on the couch. Part of Him wanted to get up and go to the interview, but getting up from the couch was so difficult. The alarm that he’d set to remind him to leave went off. Peter glanced at his watch, which confirmed that it was indeed time to leave, and a part of him still struggled to get up from the couch that had swallowed him.
* * *
Lewis’s eyes were filled with wonder as he marveled at the kayak that hung from the wall of the sporting goods store. He felt his uncle’s hand on his shoulder, but he didn’t take his eyes off the vessel.
“The boots are over this way,” his uncle said. Ever so reluctantly Lewis turned away from the kayak and allowed himself to be directed to the footwear section. The salesman brought out a stool for him to sit on and, at Luke’s request, pulled a size 7 pair of nearly every brand of hiking boot off the shelf.
The thought of trying on all those shoes would have depressed Lewis if his mind hadn’t been elsewhere. As his hands worked to untie his shoestrings he thought about rattle snakes and mountain lions. His heart began to beat a little faster. He saw himself with the other boys holding a hatchet in his hands while an enormous mountain lion crept closer. All the other boys were scared, even James Guthrie. Especially James Guthrie. He was the only one who didn’t run and hide. 
He wondered if it should be dark and decided that night had just come, and that it was raining also. His hair was wet and he could feel the water dripping down onto his nose. He could hear the low rumbling of the thunder mixed with the guttural growling of the puma. Lightning would flash and he would see the enormous outline light up against the mountain as it descended closer and closer to him. He stood firm, gripping the hatchet in his right hand, as he knelt down ever so slowly to pick up a rock with the other. He never took his eyes off the beast that crept ever so slowly toward him.
“How do those feel?” Luke asked. The boots were too tight and his toes were cramped.
“It’s okay I guess,” Lewis said.
“Is there room for your toes?” Luke pushed down on the end of the boot.
“Not really,” Lewis confessed.
“Let’s try a 7 ½. It’s really important that you have boots that fit well or you’ll get blisters.
The employee left to look for a 7 ½ and Lewis returned to his struggle with the mountain lion. It was almost upon him, and there he stood with a rock in one hand, a hatchet in the other, and a steely expression on his face. He tried to imagine what to do when the beast pounced on him, how exactly he would fight it off, but he couldn’t think of anything. Even in his fantasy he couldn’t see how something so small and weak could actually survive against something so large and so powerful. He saw himself cold, and wet, and in the dark, staring down an animal that he couldn’t hope to defeat. He tried to make himself look big, and he imagined flailing his arms and yelling in the hopes that it would leave him alone. The mountain lion didn’t pounce, but it didn’t go away either. It just stared at him and slowly crept closer and closer until finally the employee returned with a size 7 ½. Lewis tried it on and told his uncle that they fit perfectly.
“Okay, what’s next on the list,” Luke said and scanned the list that Lewis had brought home. “A poncho. Where are the ponchos?” Luke asked. The employee pointed to the opposite corner of the store. “Come on Lewis.”
Lewis caught up with his uncle who was already heading in the direction that the employee had indicated. He walked past the kayak again and his eyes lingered. It was for two people. He thought about what it would be like for him and Tommy Johnson to be together in it out on a lake or an ocean, surrounded by water, fighting the waves together, or maybe he would be with Summer Wallburn paddling down a river. She’d said yes after all, and, while Lewis wasn’t sure exactly what that yes had meant, he felt certain that it had to be a good thing. He tried to imagine Summer with him in the kayak instead of Tommy, but it didn’t seem right. Still she’d said yes, and that was good, unless it meant that he was supposed to spend recess on the monkey bars instead of playing basketball. That was something he’d have to ask his sister the next time he saw her. 
He was trying to figure out how long it would be until Julia would come by to see him when his uncle called out, “Lewis? Where are you? I found the ponchos.”
Lewis let his uncle drag him to the ponchos and then all over the store until they’d accumulated every item on the list. He waited impatiently at the checkout counter while Luke filled in the dollar amount on the signed check that Hannah had given him earlier.
* * *
Peter walked out of his interview knowing that he hadn’t gotten the job. But even if for some reason they did offer him the position he still would have felt ashamed for going. He knew that it was pointless, but he’d gone to the interview anyway. He hated that world, but he’d gone groveling back to it so it could reject him one last time. He took the tie off and started to throw it on the paved sidewalk. He wanted to throw it on the ground and forget about it, but instead he folded it and tucked it into his inside pocket. 
He drove to Murphy’s, sat down at the bar, and ordered a beer. When the bartender brought him the drink, he stared into it, looking at his silhouette of a reflection in the dark liquid, as if he hoped to find meaning and purpose if he stared long enough. He needed to find something so he could justify waking up in the morning. Lewis, his son, surely he was reason enough to get another job, to get his life back together. He resolved to only have one drink. Then he’d go home and look for another job interview and he’d do it all for Lewis, because Lewis looked up to him—still loved him. He finished off his beer, and really intended to leave the bar after just one drink.
* * *
Julia offered to drop Sara off at the church on her way to the nursing home. “Are you sure you won’t come in?” Sara asked as she got out of the car. Julia looked at the enormous steepled building that towered over the parking lot. It looked so big and so empty. “Just for a little while?” Sara prodded.
Julia gave in and turned off the engine. She followed her friend into a room that felt like a mixture of a coffee shop and a living room and sat down next to Sara on one of the couches. She recognized a few of the faces that floated about the room but still felt completely out of place among them. The room was alive with a myriad of conversations. Nobody seemed to take much interest in her, and Julia was content to be alone on the couch with her friend. She leaned over, and in a whisper asked, “You remember when I went off on how ridiculous that whole story about Noah is?”
Sara nodded.
“I read it again. Well I skimmed over all that boring stuff about how long and wide and high the ark was supposed to be, but I read the important parts.”
Sara didn’t respond so Julia continued.
“I really like that God was sad and hurt to have to flood everything, even though all the people were so evil and deserved what was coming to them. If he wasn’t hurt by what he had to do I couldn’t respect him.”
“So you’re saying that you believe in God?” Sara asked.
“I don’t know if I believe in all that. I’m just saying that I like it that God, or the character of God, was sad for what he had to do. Julia looked up and noticed a boy she’d never seen before waiting to hand her a stack of papers. She took them and without thinking she took one off the top and handed the stack to Sara.
“What are these?” she asked.
“They’re for the people going to Mexico over spring break,” Sara explained.
“You’re building some houses, right?”
Sara nodded.
“I want to go with you if it’s not too late to sign up. I mean, where else would I stay over spring break?”
Sara looked shocked.
“Am I allowed to?” Julia began. “I mean is someone like me allowed to go on that sort of thing?”
“I guess, I just never thought, but I don’t know why not.” The words tumbled out of Sara’s mouth. “I’ll ask,” she finally managed to say. 
Julia flipped through the pages that listed a code of conduct and everything she should bring. “I’d really like to go if it’s okay,” Julia said as she stood up from the couch. 
“Where are you going now?” Sara asked.
“To visit my grandfather. Do you want to come with me?”
Sara hesitated.
“Just for a little while,” Julia added, and then I can bring you back here on my way home.”
“I’d like that,” Sara said and stood up from the couch. Nobody seemed to notice them as they walked out of the room.
* * *
“Hello?” Thomas said as soon as he heard her voice. It wasn’t her though, and he waited for the beep.
“Jessica, it’s Thomas, and I know I haven’t called in a while, and if you’re still upset with me I understand, but I’ve been thinking about us, and I was hoping you could come over. You haven’t seen my new apartment yet, or we could go out or do something. It’s just that I finally finished my big paper for my nihilism class and I’ve had all afternoon to miss you. So if you get this please call back, even if it’s just to say no. Please at least call back. Bye.”
Thomas hung up his cell phone and set it on the bookshelf next to his bed. He spent most of the evening pacing back and forth waiting for it to ring. He wished that he hadn’t mentioned finishing his paper. As the hours passed, and the phone didn’t ring, he felt more and more sure that she wasn’t calling because he’d mentioned the paper. 
When he got tired of pacing in his room he wandered into the kitchen and opened the pantry door. He pulled out the peanut butter and bread, but put them back when he realized that he wasn’t hungry. He closed the pantry and opened the refrigerator. It was empty, but Thomas remained unfazed because he wasn’t hungry. He walked back to the bedroom, sat at his desk, and waited for the phone to ring. Nothing.
* * *
“Grandpa?” Julia asked as she crept into his room. Sara stayed in the hallway.
“I’m awake,” Abraham said softly without opening his eyes or turning his head.
“There’s someone I want you to meet.” Julia motioned to Sara and she entered the room. “This is Sara,” she said pointing to her friend.
Abraham turned to look at Sara, and in a gruff voice said, “I’ve heard ’bout you.”
Sara didn’t say anything.
“Sit down,” Julia said and pulled the chair out from the corner of the room for her friend. Once Sara had taken her seat, Julia then sat on the foot of the bed. Abraham waited until the girls were settled before asking, “So what is it you girls’re doin’ here?”
“I wanted to tell you that I’m going to Mexico with Sara,” Julia said. 
Abraham didn’t respond.
“We’re not going for vacation,” Julia added. “It’s a trip to build houses for people who need help.”
“I see,” said Abraham. His voice seemed distant.
“I wanted to let you know because of what you said about giving me all your money, because you thought I’d use it to help people. It’s not that I want to show you that I’m trying to be a good person, but I thought you should know that I’m going to at least use it to help people.”
“I had a house once,” Abraham said. 
“I remember it,” Julia replied, a bit unsure of her grandfather’s statement.
“It kept the rain out. At least the kind that fell from the sky, but it didn’t do anythin’ ’bout the kind that comes from inside.”
“I don’t understand,” Julia said.
“I’m just an old man ramblin’.” 
“You know that I don’t believe that.”
“I’m just sayin’ that you should build them the kind a’ house that can keep the other sort a’ rain outside. That’s what people really need shelter from. I had a good house that never let a drop a’ water get in, but look where it got me. But don’t worry ’bout what I’m sayin’ ta you ‘cause I’m just an old man talkin’ nonsense.”
“I’ll build a good house,” Julia said.
“What do you know ‘bout buildin’ houses in the first place?” Abraham asked.
“Not much,” Julia confessed. “But I’ll build a good house that can keep the rain out,” she said, still unsure of what her grandfather expected of her.
“I know you will. Now if you don’t mind I feel like I need some rest today an’ I don’t feel like talkin’ all that much.” 
Julia got up and left. Sara followed her without saying a word. 
“I never know what to say in that kind of situation,” Sara whispered when the door had shut behind them.
“I’ll take you back to the church,” Julia suggested. 
“I just see them lying there, and I get nervous and freeze up.”
“Sick people are still normal human beings. They’re just like the rest of us. Come on, I’ll take you back to the church.”
Sara looked back at the closed door and then hurried to catch up with Julia who was already walking down the hall.
When they arrived at the parking lot beneath the shadow of the massive steepled edifice, Julia pulled up to the front door so Sara could get out of the car. 
“Remember to ask about me going with you to Mexico,” she said as Sara stepped onto the pavement.
“You’re not coming in?” Sara asked.
“I’ve got homework to do,” Julia lied. “You can get a ride home can’t you?”
Sara shrugged her shoulders and said that she wouldn’t have any trouble getting a ride.
“It looks so empty,” Julia thought as she watched Sara walk through the enormous double doors. When she got back to the house Mr. and Mrs. Peterson were on the sofa talking. The television was on but there was a commercial break. 
“Are you sure?” Mrs. Peterson was saying.
“That’s what I heard,” her husband responded.
“Surely not Julia.”
“That’s just what I heard,” Mr. Peterson repeated.
“If it’s true we wouldn’t want her to think that we condone that sort of thing by putting her up in our house.”
“It might not be true.”
“No. I’m sure that it’s just talk,” Mrs. Peterson said.
“I’m sure you’re right.”
“Even if it were true, I guess we could still let her stay. We have a responsibility to that sort of person too,” Mrs. Peterson conceded.
“Of course. We’ve especially got to help that sort of person,” her husband echoed.
“I just don’t want her to think that we’re condoning that sort of thing by letting her stay here.”
Julia didn’t listen to the rest of their conversation. She tiptoed to the guest bedroom that felt even less like her room than it had that morning. As she closed the door behind her she felt trapped between the four walls, but chose the cell over the smug religiosity of the living room. 
“How can I stay in a house with people who despise me? How can I eat their food when they only give it because they pity me?” she thought. She buried herself in her headphones, letting the music wash over her and drown out the rest of the world.
* * *
Thomas pounced on the phone the first time it rang. 
“Hello?” he asked as he pulled the cell phone to his ear.
“It’s Jessica. I’m returning your call.”
“So do you want to go out sometime? Maybe on Friday?”
“I’m leaving with some of the girls from the sorority on Friday. We’re going on a road trip for spring break.”
“Oh.” The dejection was obvious in Thomas’s voice.
“But that’s what I’m calling about. I’m going with Mary and Amy. They’re both taking their boyfriends, and I’m the only one who doesn’t have a date.”
“You want me to come with you?”
“If you don’t already have any plans I was kind of hoping you would.”
“No.” Thomas tried to hide his excitement. “I don’t have any plans, nothing at all. Let me know what time you’re leaving and I’ll meet you there.”
* * *
“Do they know?” Julia asked as soon as Sara came home.
“What are you talking about?” Sara asked.
“Your parents, do they know about me and, you know?”
“I didn’t say anything to them.”
“But do they know,” Julia asked again.
“Word does get around,” Sara admitted.
“I can’t stay here anymore.”
“Just stay,” Sara pleaded. “Do it for me.”
“Maybe. But if I do stay it will only be because of you.”
* * *
When the taxi dropped Peter off at his apartment he was just sober enough to pay the driver and stumble up the stairs.
Chapter 9
“Come on Thomas. Let’s go,” Jessica called out from the minivan where everyone else was waiting. Thomas crammed his duffel bag into what little space remained behind the back seat. Jessica was sitting in the back seat. Thomas hopped in and made his way past Mary and her boyfriend, Robert, who were sitting in the middle seat. Jessica slid over so that he could sit down next to her. 
“Potato chips?” Robert asked, offering the enormous bag of barbecue flavored potato chips to Thomas and Jessica. Thomas wasn’t particularly hungry, but he accepted the bag and pulled out a handful before passing it to Jessica. 
“We’ve got Dr. Pepper too,” Clint shouted from the driver’s seat. 
“Lots of Dr. Pepper,” Amy added holding up one of many six packs. Clint started the van, and Robert turned around to face Thomas, “We’ve got chips we’ve got candy bars, we’ve got soda, if it’s bad for you we’ve got it,” he explained. “So don’t be shy about anything because it’s all on Clint’s parents; even if we trash the van they’ve got insurance. Your parents have insurance right Clint?”
“I sure hope so,” came the response from the front seat. Thomas sat in the back seat wondering what he’d gotten himself into. He’d hardly spoken to Jessica since what had amounted to their falling out before Thanksgiving, and he only knew Mary and Amy from one of Jessica’s sorority parties, and, while he’d never met Robert or Clint, they already represented everything he’d hoped to leave behind when he got out of the Greek system. 
Jessica put her hand on his leg as if to say, “Everything’s going to be fine.” Or maybe she was trying to tell him that they could pick up where they’d left off four months ago, or maybe it was just because Robert and Mary were already fooling around in the seat in front of them, and she didn’t want to be left out. Thomas took another handful of barbecue potato chips from the bag that Jessica offered him. He tried to pass the bag up to Robert, but decided getting his attention wasn’t worth the effort and stuffed it under his seat. Jessica’s hand was still resting on his leg and he covered it with his own. 
“Everything’s going to be fine,” he told himself. He took a deep breath and turned to look into Jessica’s eyes, only to find that she’d closed them and leaned her head back as if she planned on going to sleep. 
“Tired?” he asked. She nodded, but didn’t open her eyes. She let her head rest on his shoulder. He could smell the girly shampoo as he nestled his cheek on her silky hair.
“Everything’s going to be fine,” he reminded himself.
* * *
When Mr. and Mrs. Peterson dropped Julia and Sara off in front of the steepled building, a mob of youth between the ages of fourteen and eighteen bustled about in such a manner that Julia couldn’t see how anything could actually be accomplished in all the chaos. She saw Jason trying in vain to coordinate others while carrying two large suitcases. She waited until he was occupied at one of the vans, trying to explain efficiency in packing, before she took her bag over to the pile of things waiting to be loaded. 
Then she watched as somehow all of the tools and suitcases found their way into one of the two fifteen passenger vans. She bowed her head respectfully when everyone gathered to pray. When she finally climbed into the van she found herself wedged between Sara and a complete stranger. The two vans, filled with suitcases, equipment, a youth director, two sponsors and seventeen teenagers—eighteen since the youth director had agreed to let Julia come at the last minute— rolled out of the parking lot.
The vans stopped at a fast food restaurant to pick up twenty cheeseburger value meals for three adults and seventeen youth and then hit the interstate for a full night of driving. Sara shared her value meal with Julia, who insisted that her friend not make a fuss about her presence being overlooked. Julia felt like her being there meant nothing to anyone in the van beyond the fact that four people would have to spend the night crammed into the back seat instead of three. 
She sat quietly as the rambunctious group played games and yelled back and forth across the vehicle. She tried to imagine how the driver could focus on the road with everything going on behind him. She tried to imagine how she would survive so many hours of that madness crammed into that back seat. She gave Sara a frantic look, but her friend had buried herself in a set of noise canceling headphones. Julia took a deep breath and thought about trying to get to know the boy who was pressed up against her until she realized that he was very busy flirting with the girl in front of him. 
She wondered where Jason fit into the equation in the other van. Was he one of those who were busy shouting across the van, or flirting with some girl in front of him? Maybe he’d buried his head in some noise canceling headphones, or perhaps he was sitting in the back seat like she was, trying to make some sense out of all the chaos going on around him.
* * *
When it came to loading all of their equipment into the trailer, Lewis’s Boy Scout troop proved to be only slightly more efficient than Julia’s companions. Likewise, their sack lunches were only slightly more nutritious than cheeseburger value meals. Lewis didn’t want to ride in the same vehicle as James Guthrie, but each patrol had to travel together, so he was stuck. Lewis’s patrol consisted of the five youngest boys in the troop. The thought of spending an entire week with Michael, Doug, and George didn’t bother him so much, but he worried about how he would endure James Guthrie. 
“Hey Michael,” James whispered when everyone had settled into the SUV. 
“What?” Michael asked. 
James produced a box of matches from his pants pocket.
“Not in the car,” came the voice of Michael’s father who had agreed to drive one of the vehicles. “When you get out on the trail you’ll have plenty of time for all those games.”
Lewis had hoped that James would forget his matches. He opened the refrigerator bag that contained the bologna sandwich Luke had packed for him. Luke had smothered both slices of white bread with mayonnaise. Lewis tried to figure out how to wipe the white substance off, but when he couldn’t find a napkin in the bag with the chips and soft drink, he resigned himself to the fact that he’d have to eat the sandwich as it was. And mayonnaise gushed out as he took a bite.
* * *
Hannah stayed at the office late. Working there she could focus completely on what she needed to do. The familiar walls provided a sense of comfort and belonging. But when she finally got around to organizing her desk and packing a few things into her briefcase, her thoughts returned to 3% and then to Abigail’s advice. She didn’t want to go out looking for someone new, but she knew that she needed to talk to someone. 
She felt a deep physiological need to connect with another human being. This strange hunger had built up little by little over the months, and it finally reached the point that Hannah felt that she might die from it. The emotional hunger felt more real to her in that moment than anything that lack of food had ever produced. She reminded herself that biological drives could account for everything going on inside of her and that she could overcome them. Nevertheless, she pulled out her cell phone and started to scroll through the list of names looking for someone she could call.
* * *
As he drove by Hannah’s townhouse Peter knew that what he was doing could be seen as stalking. But in reality he found that it was the most natural thing a man in his situation could do. If she found out, she could use it in court to paint him as psychotic, but Peter now understood that any sane person would have to do the same thing. He knew that sitting in his car outside her townhouse was pathetic. He didn’t know why he’d driven all the way across the city to wait and watch her front door. 
“This is beyond pathetic,” he told himself. “But it’s better than getting drunk. Besides, I’m not going to sit here all night, just for a few seconds.”
* * *
Jessica had fallen asleep almost immediately and didn’t wake up until Thomas’s phone rang. “Hello?” Thomas asked as he held the phone to his ear. “No. It’s spring break . . . I’m going to Florida . . . Yeah I know.” He hung up the phone in disgust. 
“Who was that?” Jessica asked.
“My mom.”
“I never would have thought that you talked to your mom like that,” Jessica said. 
“I try not to talk to her at all.”
“Oh,” Jessica replied awkwardly, and then dropped the subject. 
“Mommy calling to check up on you?” Robert jeered. 
Thomas told him to shut up.
“Hey I was just teasing,” Robert said defensively.
“Well it’s sort of a sore subject.”
“Yeah man, I get you,” Robert answered. 
“So what are you studying?” Mary asked.
Thomas knew that she was only trying to ease the tension in the van, but he couldn’t resist giving her a complete synopsis of everything he’d been dying to talk about. “I’m a philosophy major, but I’m focusing on nihilism and postmodernism.”
“What’s that mean?” Robert asked.
“It means a lot of things,” Thomas began, “But what I’ve been looking at is the idea that without an absolute there can be no value judgments.”
Jessica rolled her eyes. “Don’t start that again,” she moaned.
“No man, I want to hear. I’ve always been interested in all that metaphysical stuff,” Robert said. 
“For starters,” Thomas said, “we have to assume that there is no God. That’s why people are just now waking up to this idea. You see God has always been around as people’s standard or an absolute. But since we now know that there is no God we can begin to look at the possibility that maybe there is no absolute, and with no standard we realize that there’s no such thing as ‘good’ or ‘bad’ or ‘pretty’ or ‘ugly’.” 
“I think I get it,” Robert said. “Basically if you don’t believe in God, then anything goes.”
“That’s a bit of an oversimplification, but I guess it is the gist of the idea,” Thomas admitted. 
“Hold on,” Mary spoke up. “You can have an absolute standard without believing in God.”
“What would it be?” Thomas asked as if he’d been waiting for the question. 
“People just know what’s right. We’re born with a conscience.”
“That’s actually not proven. A lot of psychologists suggest that society molds us with its values, but that none of them are innate.”
Mary looked at Jessica as if hoping that she would refute Thomas’s assertion, but Jessica just shrugged her shoulders.
“What about killing people?” Robert asked. 
“There have actually been some cultures that have valued lies and deceit and didn’t condemn murder. That’s why if we don’t have an absolute standard we can’t judge other societies or even our own. You can’t say that their culture is wrong and ours is right.”
“Well I prefer a culture where lying and killing isn’t okay,” Mary said emphatically. Thomas felt that he should let the conversation end on that note, but he couldn’t help adding, “Of course you do. But that’s only because you were raised in a society that instilled those values in you. If you’d been raised in this other tribe you wouldn’t think that way.”
“You guys are all missing the most important part,” Robert interrupted. “We can do whatever we want this week, and there’s nothing that can prove we’re wrong. We’re gonna make our own society where partying and getting wasted is okay. You don’t believe in God do you Clint?”
“Nope,” Clint said from the front seat. 
“What about you Amy?” Robert asked. 
“You boys are ridiculous,” Amy answered.
“Well you girls can do what you want,” Robert said, “but the three of us are gonna live it up this week. And I didn’t think that there were any practical applications to any of that philosophy mumbo jumbo. I’m changing my major as soon as we get back.”
“Forget changing your major,” Clint yelled from the front seat. “We’re dropping out and partying twenty-four seven.”
“Who’s going to pay for all your parties if you don’t get a job?” Mary asked.
“We’ll rob a bank,” Robert answered. “In our culture that won’t be wrong. Thomas, man you’re some kind of a genius. This has definitely got to be the best religion ever invented.”
“It’s not a religion,” Thomas corrected. “Religion implies rules or morality. This is a philosophy, the logical conclusion for those who reject religious superstition.” 
“Well whatever it is I’m gonna believe in it,” Robert declared.
* * *
“I’m going to get you a date,” Abigail said. The words made Hannah wish that she’d put away her cell phone after she’d hung up with Thomas. 
“That’s really not necessary,” she said softly.
“Yes it is. I know the perfect guy for you. I’ll have him call tonight if he’s free.”
“I’m really doing fine,” Hannah insisted. 
“If you were doing fine you wouldn’t have called me out of the blue on a Friday evening. You can trust me. This guy is going to be perfect for you. You’ll wish I’d called him years ago.”
“I doubt that,” Hannah muttered.
“But you’ll go out with him?”
“Sure.”
“Great. I’ll call him right away.”
* * *
As the evening turned into night the youth that filled the fifteen passenger vans began to settle down. Sara liberated her ears from the headphones and leaned against the window as if she intended to go to sleep. 
“Hey,” Julia whispered.
Sara sat up and looked at her with groggy eyes.
“Do the people here know about me?” Julia asked in a hushed voice. 
“They know you’re my friend. Some of them know that Jason liked you.”
“That’s not what I mean. Do they know about what I did?” 
“I don’t know,” Sara answered. “Why do you want to know now?”
“I overheard some people talking about that sort of thing, and the things they said made me think that they’d never accept me if they knew.”
“What’d they say?” Sara asked matching Julia’s hushed voice.
“They said that people who had had an . . . that people like me should have a big rock tied around their neck and be thrown into the ocean.” Julia stole a glance at two of the youth who were seated towards the front of the van.
“Don’t worry about that,” Sara said. “You know how people talk. They don’t really mean half of what they say. They’re just running their mouths to pass the time. It’s a long drive.”
“They sounded serious to me. And even if they didn’t mean what they said about drowning people, I think it’s pretty obvious that they wouldn’t want to talk to me if they knew.”
“Maybe you’re right,” Sara admitted. 
“I feel like everyone wants to tell me that what I did was wrong,” Julia said. “But where were they when I didn’t know what else to do. Maybe they were off picketing at the courthouse so that everyone else in the world would know that what I was doing was immoral, but I didn’t need anyone to talk to me about morality, or right and wrong. None of that made any difference to me. I needed someone to promise to be there for me. But nobody was there to tell me that they’d help me; I didn’t have anyone to say that everything would be okay. 
“I’m not saying that I don’t have to take responsibility for my actions, but in a way it’s their fault too. None of them wanted to have anything to do with me then. If they knew now they’d all keep their distance and only come close enough to tell me that I’m a terrible person, as if I don’t already have to live with what I did. None of them want to tell me that it’s okay, or that they feel sorry for me, or that they want to help me, because they love their hypocrisy more than people, at least more than me.”
“I’m sorry,” Sara said.
“I know you are, but it’s not your fault that people are like that,” Julia responded.
“I’m still sorry.”
“Thanks. That means a lot to me,” Julia said. “You know what I’ve learned from all of this?”
“What?” Sara asked.
“The problem with most people is that they think they’re good. If they realized what they really were deep down then there would be humility, or repentance, and people would love each other instead of looking down on each other because they’d see themselves in all those members of society that they deem beneath them. I think that’s why you’re Jesus favored the prostitutes,” Julia glanced around the van again to see if anyone was listening. “If Christians lived like that, your churches would be so different.”
“Yeah, but some things don’t change,” Sara said.
“I used to think I was good,” Julia added.
“You don’t anymore?”
“No. I think I’m probably a better person than most everyone else in this van, but I know I’m not a good person.”
“Because of what you did?” Sara asked. 
“No. Even before that I’ve always been the same. That was just what made me wake up and realize what I was.”
“I think I understand,” Sara said.
“If I’m better than anyone else it’s only because I know what I am. I spent the last few hours watching and listening, and I kept trying to see something good in them, something true. And you know what I saw?”
“What?” Sara asked.
“They’re all happy. There was never a time when there wasn’t someone laughing and goofing off. You look surprised. Did you think that I was going to say that I couldn’t find anything good in them?”
“Yes,” Sara admitted.
Julia continued. “I watched really closely because I was trying to figure out how they could always be so happy with ‘everythin’ that goes on in the world,’ as my grandfather would say. I was looking for something magical that could reach out and grab me. But you know what I found?”
“What?”
“Naiveté. They can be happy and laugh because they don’t have a clue how the world really is, how they really are, or they’ve intentionally made themselves forget. But I promise that as soon as their perfect little world starts to fall apart that their happiness will disappear in an instant.”
“What did you hope to find?” Sara asked.
“I don’t know exactly. Something bigger,” Julia answered. “Something that can look straight at all the suffering and laugh anyway, something like what your grandmother had. I heard her when I was waiting for you in the hallway. I heard her laughing. Her skin looked like it was ready to fall off of her bones, and she could still laugh.”
“Is that what you need?” Sara asked.
“I don’t know if it’s what I need, but it’s what my grandfather needs. Maybe I need it too, but I’m not looking for myself. I’m done trying to save myself. I’m trying to find it for him.”
“When you find what you’re looking for let me know,” Sara said.
“I will.”
Sara offered Julia the pillow that she’d stuffed under the seat before curling up against the window and going to sleep. Julia propped the pillow against her friend’s shoulder and rested her head on it, but as soon as she closed her eyes a myriad of thoughts ran wild in her head and wouldn’t slow down long enough to let sleep overcome her.
* * *
Hannah listened as the phone rang. She waited. Finally the answering machine took the call: “This is Abigail and I can’t come to the phone so please leave a message at the beep.” The machine beeped, but the caller didn’t leave a message. A few moments passed in silence and then the phone rang again. Once, twice, three times. 
“Hello?” Hannah said. She hadn’t wanted to pick up the receiver, but in a moment of weakness her hand shot out and grabbed it without her permission. 
“Is this Hannah Manchell?” the voice asked. 
“Yes,” Hannah responded.
“Good,” the voice said. “I called Abigail by mistake the first time.”
“No. You had the right number. This is Abigail’s old apartment, and I still haven’t gotten around to changing the message on the machine,” Hannah said sheepishly. “I was in the shower and couldn’t make it to the phone in time,” she added, feeling that if she didn’t give an explanation the voice would know that she’d let the machine pick up because she was afraid to talk to him.
“I see,” the voice said then added nervously, “Abigail gave me your number and said that I should call because maybe you’d want to go out sometime. I’m free tomorrow but if that’s not good for you then maybe Sunday. Abigail said that you would be expecting my call.” The voice paused. Hannah assumed that he needed to catch his breath. 
“She said that you’d call,” Hannah said calmly trying to reassure the voice on the other end of the line.
“So how’s tomorrow evening?”
“You can pick me up at 6:30,” Hannah suggested. “Let me give you directions.”
“You’re staying at Abigail’s old townhouse, right?”
“Yes.”
“I know how to get there. I’ll pick you up at 6:30 then.”
“Great,” Hannah said and hung up the phone. She paced back and forth in the living room before lying down to go to sleep. She didn’t sleep though. She wondered what the voice looked like, and she tried to imagine what it would be like going out on a date again. 
“How long has it been?” she asked herself. “I haven’t gone out on a first date in . . .” she remembered how long it had been since her last first date. She remembered every detail, everything that she’d said, everything that he’d said. He seemed too perfect and she remembered everything with perfect clarity. “But that was twelve, almost thirteen years ago, and besides that wasn’t really a date,” she told herself. “I’m a different person now than I was back then, and tomorrow won’t be anything like that. I’m single now.” Nevertheless, she lay awake under the covers trying to imagine what the next day would bring.
* * *
When Lewis’s troop got to the trailhead, they unloaded their backpacks from the trailer and went to work pitching their tents in the campsite adjacent to the parking lot. It was already dark, so the first thing Lewis had to do was dig his flashlight out of the bottom of his bag. They were supposed to sleep with two people in each tent, but Lewis’s patrol had five boys, and he ended up as the odd one out. He rolled his tent out and staked down each of the four corners. He pulled the two poles from their bag and paused to think. It didn’t take him long to remember that the end of each pole fit into the grommetted holes in each corner of the tent. They had all practiced pitching their tents, but it had been light then and Lewis had had a partner. 
He spent several minutes trying to get the first pole set up. He could put it in the first hole next to the stake, but as he bent it to try and fit it into the hole in the opposite corner the pole always popped out, and he would have to start the process over again. He watched as the other boys worked together. James Guthrie held his end of the pole in place while Michael fit the other end into the opposite hole. Lewis looked on as their tent transformed from a square patch of nylon into a three dimensional structure that could provide shelter from the elements. Lewis wanted to ask for help but not from James Guthrie. He fidgeted with the pole and tried a few more times to fit it into the second hole while he waited on Doug and George to finish unrolling their sleeping bags. 
In the end, one of the older boys, whose name Lewis didn’t know, must have seen him struggling because he came over and held the pole in place so that Lewis could finish pitching the tent. Lewis, though grateful to have his tent set up, felt ashamed and embarrassed that he had needed one of the older boys to come help him. Panic momentarily overtook him, as he realized that he couldn’t make it on his own. Knowing that all the other boys had had a partner to help them didn’t change the fact that Lewis felt like he should have been able to take care of his responsibility by himself. He pulled his mat and sleeping bag from his backpack and unrolled them inside the tent before joining the other boys who had already started a fire and gathered around it.
“I can’t believe that we’re actually going to sleep out here,” one of the older boys said casually as Lewis sat down next to Doug and George. 
“Why not?” Michael asked.
“You really don’t know?” Another of the older boys said.
“Know what?” James asked.
“About what happened out here,” the older boy answered.
“What?” Michael asked.
“I don’t know if we should tell you.”
“Tell us what?” James said impatiently.
“There was this couple who came out here a while back to make out, and while they were fooling around in the backseat they heard a rustling in the bushes, and then something thumping on the side of the car. The guy told his girlfriend to lay down low on the floorboards and wait for him. He got out of the car and a minute later the girl heard something dripping on the hood and her boyfriend never came back. The dripping continued all night, but she was too afraid to get out of the car to see what it was. In the morning she woke up and got out of the car and saw that her boyfriend’s body was hanging from the tree and that it had been his blood dripping onto the car. It was that tree there, right by the trailer.”
“No it wasn’t,” another of the older boys said. “It was the oak tree next to it.”
The older boys argued back and forth over which tree the body had been found in before Doug asked, “What happened to him?”
“That’s just it, nobody knows for sure,” one of the older boys answered. 
“The police report said that the convict that escaped a few years ago did it,” another of the older boys chimed in.
“But everyone knows that the police were just trying to come up with an explanation,” said another of the older boys. “Nobody really believes that the convict did it, even though he is supposed to be somewhere around here.”
“Why not?” George asked, and Lewis found the skepticism in his voice comforting.
“Because all the girl heard was dripping, and a convict couldn’t get a man all the way up in that tree without making some kind of noise. Look how high the first branch is from the ground. That’s how I remember that it was the oak tree.”
The other boys confirmed this, and even the ones that had argued that the boy had been found in the tree by the trailer now said that they had been wrong and that they now remembered clearly that the body had been found in the oak tree. 
Lewis had enough sense to know that the older boys had fabricated the whole story to scare them. He’d almost believed it when one of the boys mentioned the police report, but as all of them clamored in agreement that the body had been in the oak tree, Lewis realized that even something as official sounding as a police report could be made up to make the story seem more credible. 
“You don’t believe that story, do you?” he whispered to George. 
“They’re just trying to scare us,” George confirmed. 
Despite being completely convinced that the story had no truth in it, Lewis couldn’t go to sleep that night. He lay awake in his sleeping bag and listened attentively to every rustling in every bush. He didn’t believe a word of what the older boys had told him, but he didn’t have to believe for the fearfulness that the story had evoked to overcome him. The story had been real in the sense that Lewis had looked at the oak tree and pictured a mangled body hanging from its branches, and as he lay awake he couldn’t get the image out of his head. 
The thought of something killing him in his sleep didn’t scare him, but he couldn’t help thinking about what could possibly account for a body being lifted up to the tree without making a sound. The mystery terrified him. In his head he knew it was a lie, but the veracity of the sinking feeling that came with the unknown and the unexplainable had managed to seep into a deeper part of his consciousness. That deeper part of his consciousness kept him awake and made him jump every time the wind blew through the bushes.
* * *
Peter got out of bed and turned on the television. He and Abraham both spent the night watching the flickering images, though not together. They each stayed up, each one alone, isolated in their respective dwellings.
Chapter 10
A Wall Away
Bread baking in the oven
a warm breeze blowing in the scent
of flowers through the open window
soft music in the background
it’s all enough to make her forget
that it’s a world away
from Home.
Somewhere in the simple beauty
cultivated and kept within the wall
she might catch a glimpse of Home
if she could only forget the world
outside the wall.
The maid sweeps the dust
that was tracked in from the outside world
back out onto the dusty streets,
keeping the footpath pristine.
Having lived a life in those streets
she sweeps happily, singing softly,
glad to serve—within the wall.
Outside the wall lies
a world at war:
disease, starvation, hopelessness;
a world in need:
hostility, quarreling, jealousy;
where so little goes so far:
love, joy, peace;
a hard reality.
But inside the bed is as soft
as the siren’s song:
The day is done;
take off your shoes; shut the curtain;
sit down; lock out the outside world;
don’t look out past the wall; 
if you do, you’ll only see
one more.
There will always be one more;
it’s dangerous and it’s not your job;
come rest; forget the world and sleep;
don’t stay up wondering 
if you could have helped
one more.
There will always be one more;
let someone else do it;
sleep now; I’ll give you dreams 
of a better world. 
Within the wall she begins to ask:
Have I done my duty?
But she does not find an easy answer 
and so she settles into a house, into a bed,
into a world so far from Home,
and forgets the outside war.
She falls asleep early in the bed,
as soft as the siren’s song,
while the sun still scorches
the world outside the wall.

Lewis woke up when the sun had risen high enough to shine through the tent window that he’d left open. He looked at his watch and then lay awake in his sleeping bag waiting for 6:30. He heard movement from James and Michael’s tent and then shouting. He sat up to look out the open window and saw that their entire tent was shaking back and forth. It sounded like they were wrestling. Lewis felt relieved that he didn’t have to share a tent with James Guthrie. He told himself that he was glad to get an entire tent to himself. 
A particularly loud holler came from James’s tent, and Michael tumbled out the open door wearing nothing but his underwear. Lewis wanted to know what had happened inside the tent, but he reminded himself to be content not knowing and not sharing a tent with one of the other boys. When 6:30 arrived two of the older boys made their way around the tents waking everyone up. Lewis had already gotten dressed and hurried out of the tent hoping that everyone would notice how prepared he’d been. The fire crackled from inside the ring of stones, and the adult leaders sat around drinking their coffee. 
“Why don’t you guys teach the newbies how to cook pancakes,” one of them suggested to an older boy who happened to be walking by. The older boy called everyone over to the fire, and Lewis watched as he made pancake batter and spooned the goop out into the skillet, which he set over a bed of coals. The batter began to bubble, and he flipped it over revealing a golden pancake. Lewis wanted to explain that he already knew how to make pancakes, and he almost pointed out that his dad put a little bit of butter in the pan to keep the pancakes from sticking. He didn’t say anything though. Maybe his dad had been wrong about putting butter in the skillet. The older boy flipped the pancake again and then took it out of the skillet. He put a little bit of oil in the skillet before scooping two more spoonfuls of batter out of the bowl.
“Do you have to use oil?” Lewis asked.
“It keeps the pancakes from sticking,” the older boy explained.
“But is it bad if you use something else like butter?” Lewis asked. 
“I don’t know. I’ve never tried anything else. 
“Butter can catch on fire if the pan gets too hot,” Lewis offered.
“Then I guess you shouldn’t use butter,” the older boy responded, obviously confused by Lewis’s train of thought. 
Lewis already knew that he shouldn’t use butter, and he wanted to ask again if it were bad to use something other than oil, but he knew that nobody would understand what he was asking, and so he waited patiently until his turn to practice making pancakes finally came. He poured the batter and waited until he saw bubbles forming and then flipped the pancake perfectly. He didn’t break it or get batter all over the spatula like James Guthrie and Michael. Lewis tried to hide his sense of triumph but couldn’t repress the smile that crept across his face as he flipped the pancake onto the stack and sat back down to wait on Doug and George to make theirs.
* * *
When the fifteen passenger vans arrived at their destination in Mexico on Saturday morning, the exhaustion in every face indicated that nobody had gotten any rest the night before. A cheery white face stopped whatever it was that she’d been doing to greet the weary bodies as they filed out of the vehicles. Julia and Sara were the last to get out. The young woman with the cheery face had already begun to welcome everyone and to explain where they would sleep and where they could take their luggage. Julia, as worn out as she was, tried to take in her surroundings. When they’d crossed the border into Mexico she’d seen the change as clear as night and day: shanty cinderblock houses, maimed beggars, dusty streets and sidewalks. 
She’d wanted to take it all in, not missing the slightest detail, but she’d leaned on Sara’s shoulder and let her eyelids shut. Now that she’d opened them again she didn’t know what to think. She stepped out of the van into an enclosed compound. The wall that enclosed the compound, though made of the same cinder blocks as everything else, was tall and covered with stucco and white paint that covered up the cracks and all of the places where mortar had been splattered during construction. Flowers and bushes lined both the courtyard and the building into which sleepy eyed youth carried their bags. 
The building itself towered over all the surrounding edifices, despite the fact that it consisted of only two stories. Julia looked out past the gate where the houses made of unpainted cinder blocks lined the street. The cheery white face explained something in Spanish to a young Mexican girl, who held a broom in one hand and a dustpan in the other. The girl looked like she was about the same age as Julia.
Julia continued to survey the complex as she waited until someone unloaded her bag and handed it to her. She was about to step inside the building when she heard a woman at the gate shouting. Julia had to listen closely to pick out the syllables: “Medicina, medicina, mi bebé.” Julia left her bag by the door and went to the cheery white face. 
“Excuse me,” she said. “I think that there’s a woman who needs some medicine.”
The young woman’s white face looked more exasperated than cheery. 
“I told her yesterday that she needed to wait until the free clinic on Monday,” she said, though not necessarily to Julia. Then, looking back at Julia added, “thanks for letting me know.”
Julia went back to the door and took her bag inside. She found Sara standing next to a tile mosaic of a cross and a dove with an olive branch. 
“Our room’s down here,” Sara said, and Julia followed her down the hallway and into a small room with bunk beds, a desk, and a thermostat to adjust the air-conditioning. Sara threw her bag on the top bunk and turned the thermostat down to sixty-eight degrees. 
“I assumed that you would want the bottom bunk,” she said as Julia collapsed on the soft mattress and closed her eyes. Julia nodded her head in consent and had just enough time before she fell asleep to appreciate how soft the pillow felt under her tired head. 
* * *
The hiking proved to be harder than Lewis had expected. The sun beat down on him as he trudged along behind Doug and George, but in front of James and Michael. When he came to a part of the trail shaded by a tree, he slowed down trying to stay in the shade for as long as he could before hurrying to catch up with the other boys. Cheese and sausage on Ritz crackers hadn’t been enough to satisfy his hunger, and he’d already sweated out almost all of the water he’d taken in. He wanted to quit and go home, and if that had been an option he would have seriously considered it. 
But he knew that he couldn’t find his way back on his own, and even if he could, the vehicles wouldn’t be waiting for him in the parking lot. He knew that he had to go on, despite sore legs and a nauseous feeling in his stomach. He at least had to make it further than James Guthrie. He looked back and saw James and Michael walking side-by-side goofing off. They didn’t look tired at all, so Lewis tried his best to ignore the pain in his legs and keep moving forward.
* * *
The sun had just risen above the horizon when Clint pulled into the hotel parking lot. The drowsy passengers unloaded the van and checked into their rooms. Clint had made the reservation for two doubles and a single, not knowing that Jessica would find a date at the last minute. Thomas said that he didn’t mind and suggested that the hotel let him pay for a double and sleep on an extra mattress on the floor. The woman at the desk agreed, but when they got to the room Jessica indicated that the extra mattress wouldn’t be necessary. She sat on the bed while Thomas looked around the room. The accommodations left him far from impressed until he opened the curtains and realized that the balcony had a view of the beach. He turned to suggest to Jessica that they walk down to the ocean, but she had already curled up on the twin-sized mattress and closed her eyes. 
* * *
Hannah sat in the doctor’s office waiting patiently. When the doctor walked in, he had Hannah’s file in his hand and what Hannah believed was a genuine smile on his face.
“Good news?” she asked.
“Everything looks great,” he said and then showed Hannah several images that he took from her file and made an effort to explain them in terms Hannah could understand. 
“I see,” Hannah said. The doctor looked up at her. His face indicated that he knew she hadn’t understood anything beyond, “Everything looks great.” 
“It must be hard as a doctor to be always fighting a losing battle,” Hannah stated.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean even if you can cure this cancer I’m going to die. You’re fighting against death, but the best you can hope to do is put it off. And what if you succeed and prolong my life for a long time. I’m going to be like my husband’s, my ex-husband’s, senile dying father, rotting away in a nursing home.”
“We don’t just fight against death,” the doctor explained. “A lot of medicine is focused on improving the quality of life. We try to eliminate suffering so that people can enjoy life.”
“That’s what life comes down to isn’t it? I’ve just got to enjoy myself.” Hannah could see that the doctor didn’t feel comfortable talking about personal matters and added, “Don’t worry about answering that. I’m just thinking out loud.” 
* * *
Sara woke Julia up in the afternoon. I saved you some lunch,” she said and pointed to the plate of tamales on the desk. “We’ve got an orientation meeting in twenty minutes,” Sara explained while Julia sat down at the desk to eat. Julia finished her late lunch in time to sit in on the meeting where the cheery faced woman explained why they couldn’t drink the water or flush the toilet paper. She also talked about the families they would be building houses for and a whole host of other topics that seemed far less relevant. 
By the time she’d finished, the young girl who had been holding the broom and an elderly woman who could have been her mother were ready to serve a snack. The group filed into a large dining room where two long tables had been prepared for them. Julia sat down next to Sara and waited silently for her food to come while the rest of the group made jokes and carried on. After eating, the youth dispersed into small groups. Some of them played cards, and others sat around and talked. 
Julia went outside to sit in the courtyard by herself. She heard the young girl’s voice singing in Spanish as she swept the inside of what Julia assumed was the medical clinic. She couldn’t understand a single word the girl sang, but the melody echoed from the open door, soft and beautiful. Julia felt that each note was calling out to her. She sat on a bench and closed her eyes letting each syllable wash over her. She might have let the young girl sing her to sleep if a loud knocking at the gate hadn’t startled her. She opened her eyes and saw the same woman who had asked for medicine that morning.
“Medicina, medicina,” the woman called out. Julia walked to the gate. 
“Medicine?” she asked, trying to make sure that she had heard correctly.
The woman said something else.
“I don’t speak Spanish. No Español,” Julia said apologetically. The woman held out an empty bottle, which Julia took from her. 
“It’s only cough syrup,” she thought as she examined the label. 
“Medicina para mi bebé,” the woman said slowly.
“I’m sorry I don’t really understand. Bebé?”
“Mi bebé, mi bebé,” the woman repeated pointing to the empty bottle Julia held in her hand.
“Your baby?” Julia asked.
“Por favor. Mi bebé,” the woman pleaded.
“Wait here,” Julia said. She took the empty bottle into the open door of the clinic and followed the sound of the young girl’s voice until she found her sweeping in one of the back rooms.
“Medicina?” Julia asked. The young girl stopped singing and turned around. Julia held up the empty bottle. The girl didn’t say anything, as if experience had taught her that trying to communicate with words would only be a waste of breath. She took the bottle from Julia and disappeared down the hallway. A minute later she reappeared with a full bottle and handed the cough syrup to Julia. Julia noticed that the expiration date on the bottle had passed two months ago, but took the bottle out to the woman who was still waiting patiently outside the gate. Julia handed her the bottle, and as the woman accepted she took Julia’s hand and shook it vigorously. 
“Gracias, gracias,” she repeated. 
“You’re welcome,” Julia responded. When she turned around she saw the cheery faced woman walking into the courtyard. 
“I was only trying to help,” Julia began to explain.
“I know,” the woman said. She didn’t sound upset in the least. “You just have to understand that we take care of hundreds of people with this clinic, and if we started helping people whenever they showed up we’d never get a moment’s peace. That’s why we have them come back on days when the clinic is opened. You understand don’t you?” 
Julia couldn’t tell if the woman’s smile was genuine. “Yeah, I understand,” Julia muttered. 
“You’ve got a long day tomorrow and should get some rest,” the woman suggested, and then disappeared inside another building. Julia sat back down in the courtyard and closed her eyes again. She could barely make out the young girl’s voice singing those soft and beautiful words that she so desperately wanted to be able to understand.
* * *
When Hannah heard the doorbell she didn’t want to answer it. If not for the social law that would condemn her for being unforgivably rude, she might have remained on the couch while her date stood outside and rang the doorbell two or three more times before giving up and going home. 
“So much pressure. That’s all it is. I’m only giving into social pressure in doing this,” Hannah thought as she walked across the living room. “That’s the only reason I’m going through with this. Maybe because I’ve gotten dressed and put on makeup, but not because I’m lonely, and not because I need a relationship to fill the holes in my life.”
Hannah opened the door and realized that the voice she’d talked to the night before belonged to a handsome man in his mid-fifties. Her date wore dark slacks and a blue shirt that accented the grey hairs that had appeared in the midst of his dark brown head of hair. 
“You must be Hannah,” he said.
“Yes,” Hannah answered, “but I haven’t caught your name.” At first Hannah felt embarrassed having to ask for his name, but she told herself that he should be the one to feel embarrassed since he’d been the one who hadn’t introduced himself. 
“I’m sorry. I guess I’m just a little nervous. My name’s Andy. Well, Andrew, but most people call me Andy.” Andy didn’t look nervous to Hannah. He stood up straight, flashed a charming smile and offered her his arm. Hannah closed and locked the door and slipped her hand into his arm and let him walk her to his car, where he opened the door for her. She sat down, and while she waited for him to walk around the car and open his door, she had just enough time to wonder if Peter had ever treated her like that.
When they got to the restaurant Hannah noticed that Andy had made reservations. The hostess directed them to their table, and Hannah let Andy pull out a chair for her. 
“Such a small gesture,” Hannah thought as she thanked him and sat down. “I shouldn’t be impressed. It’s such a little thing.” She found herself impressed with him nonetheless.
* * *
Thomas sat on the bed and waited for Jessica to come out of the bathroom.
“What do you think?” she asked as she walked into the room. She turned around in a circle so Thomas could see the new swimsuit. Before he could respond to her question though, Clint and Robert burst into the room. 
“You guys ready yet? Amy and Mary are waiting in the lobby,” Robert said.
We’re coming just give us a minute,” Jessica ordered. 
“We’re all waiting in the lobby whenever you guys are ready,” Robert said as he and Clint left the room.
“Well?” Jessica asked when they were gone. 
“Well what?” Thomas asked.
“Well, what do you think?”
“Oh, the swimsuit. It looks good,” Thomas said. 
“That’s all?”
“I mean you look really pretty,” Thomas said, trying again.
“Forget it. Let’s go,” Jessica said and they walked out of the room.
“You know,” Jessica began while they waited on the elevator, “it would mean a lot if you’d give a girl a genuine compliment from time to time. Something like that can really turn someone’s day around.”
“I’m sorry. Are you having a bad day?” Thomas asked. 
“No. Not really. I just wanted to let you know.”
“I’ll try to remember that. Wait a minute; I forgot to get a towel. Hold the elevator. I’ll be right back.
* * *
Peter, having managed to stay sober enough to drive, transported himself across the city and again pulled into the parking lot across from the town house where Hannah was staying. He sat in his car and waited. He didn’t have anything else to do. He told himself that he wasn’t waiting on Hannah to come out, that he hadn’t pulled into the parking lot because of loneliness or the desire to see her face and that this would be the last time.
“Boredom. I’m just bored,” he told himself as he waited.
* * *
Andy proved to be quiet and reserved. He let Hannah guide the conversation and spent most of the evening listening. Hannah talked about moving in with Abigail, her work, and then about her kids and her marriage to Peter. She hadn’t intended to mention the latter two topics, but as the evening wore on, and the merlot loosened her inhibitions, she found herself speaking openly about both. Andy didn’t seem to mind, in fact he seemed more interested in what she said about her failed marriage than anything else she’d mentioned, and asked several questions.
“I had a lot of the same problems when I was married,” he explained afterwards. 
Hannah wondered if that had been the sole reason why Abigail had set them up. She couldn’t help thinking that she would never be fit to date anyone who hadn’t been married at some point. She changed the subject and started to talk about her visit with the doctor and the conversation they had had that morning. Andy didn’t ask why she’d gone to the doctor, and Hannah was glad, not that her medical condition was any more intimate than the other details she’d shared, but because she hadn’t told anyone outside of the doctor’s office. Even Abigail had only gotten a vague account that centered mostly on numbers and percentiles. 
She knew that if she could tell just one person she could get over the mental block that had formed around that part of her life. She thought that she could tell Andy and that it would be easier because she hardly knew him. But she knew that if she told him it would make her condition real, and she’d never be able to confine that reality to the white doctor’s office again. She decided to wait and hope that the 3% would dwindle down to zero, and then she could go on with her life as if the condition had never developed. 
Then she realized that Andy had continued talking while her mind wandered.
“I agree that science will probably never be able to completely do away with death, but you have to admit that it has almost completely done away with suffering,” Andy said. 
“Painkillers really are something else these days,” Hannah admitted passively, no longer caring about the subject.
“Not just pain killers. Those are pretty basic. I’m really impressed with all the new antidepressants. The fact that they’ve been able to isolate the functions of various chemicals in the brain and invent medicines to block or imitate them is really amazing.”
“I hadn’t thought about that,” Hannah admitted. “We can talk about something else if you want. I didn’t mean to bother you with so many personal details. To be honest I haven’t been feeling like myself lately.”
“I understand exactly what you’re talking about,” Andy said. 
“I guess you’ve been through a lot of this yourself.”
“This might sound out of place. I mean, when someone suggested it to me I took it the wrong way at first, but, well, I guess I’ll just say it. Have you thought about counseling? Not that I think you need counseling, but it really helped me.” 
“It’s not a bad idea,” Hannah said. “I guess I just never got past the stigma of professional help.”
“If you decide to give it a try I’ve got the number of the woman I went to.” Andy pulled out a business card from his wallet and handed it to Hannah.
“Thanks,” she said. “Sometimes the little things make all the difference you know.”
When they’d finished dinner, Andy took care of the check and offered to take Hannah back to Abigail’s apartment. “Unless you’d rather go to my place,” he added nervously.
“I’ve had a good time. I really have,” Hannah said. “But I’m not ready for a relationship right now.”
“You know that I wasn’t thinking of a one night stand,” Andy said.
“I know,” Hannah said. “If he’d been suggesting a one night stand I might have said yes,” she thought as she let him open the restaurant door.
* * *
When Thomas and Jessica finally got down to the beach the other couples went their separate ways, and it took Thomas all of ten minutes to realize that spring break in Florida looked more glamorous on television than in real life. The water was colder than he thought it would be, and the sand burned the bottom of his feet when he took off his flip-flops. 
“What do you want to do?” Thomas asked.
“I figured I’d get a little sun,” Jessica said and spread her towel out on the sand. Thomas spread his towel out next to hers and sat down on it as Jessica lay down on her stomach and closed her eyes. Thomas looked around as some people played volleyball and others threw a frisbee back and forth. Sunbathers littered the beach, and he even found a few people who, like himself, looked like they were either bored or simply content with people watching. Time passed. 
“You can go do something you know,” Jessica said after several minutes had gone by.
“Like what?” Thomas asked.
“I don’t know, something. I’m just saying that you don’t have sit to here and wait on me if you don’t want to.”
“I don’t mind sitting here waiting,” Thomas answered.
“I didn’t think you’d mind.” Jessica’s tone became hostile.
“What do you mean?”
“You could be playing games or swimming in the ocean or doing something, anything, but you’re just sitting there.”
“That’s what you’re doing too,” Thomas said. He didn’t try to hide his confusion or frustration.
“I’m sunbathing, enjoying a moment of peace. You’re looking around with anxiety because you don’t know what to do, which makes it really hard for me to enjoy my moment of peace.”
“I just thought,” Thomas began, but didn’t know what else to say. Jessica waited for him to finish his sentence, but he never did.
“You just thought,” she said snidely. “Big surprise, because that’s all you do—think. Why don’t you try doing something for a change? Something spontaneous or at least go think somewhere else so I can lay here in peace.”
“I don’t understand,” Thomas said. 
“I didn’t think you would,” Jessica fired back. “But I’m sure you’ll be able to figure out the philosophy behind it if you really think hard.”
* * *
Peter didn’t pay much attention to the sedan that pulled into a parking space across from him. He watched as a middle aged man got out of the driver’s side and walked around to open the passenger’s door. He almost didn’t recognize Hannah when she stepped out of the car. She’d curled her hair and put on different makeup. Peter wanted to get out of his car and cause a scene. If only he’d had a little bit more to drink
“Not that I need something to drink before I can cause a scene,” he told himself. Nevertheless, he knew that a few drinks would go a long way to helping him to justify his actions the next morning. While he tried to decide what he wanted to do, the middle aged man walked his ex-wife to her door and leaned forward to kiss her. From Peter’s angle it looked like a peck on the cheek, but he couldn’t be sure. 
Peter opened the door with the intention of getting out of the car and confronting the middle aged man, but he closed it again without moving from his seat. He wanted to believe that he’d thought better of causing a scene, but deep down he knew that the pattern of indecision that had worked its way into his character had once again paralyzed him. 
“Either way,” he thought, “not getting out of the car was the right decision.
Chapter 11
“Surely you’ve realized by now that everything comes down to faith,” the stranger said casually. “The only question left for you to decide is what you’re going to put your faith in.”
“Surely you’ve realized that I’m not talking about faith, but about an idea,” Thomas retorted. “I’m not interested in anything but the theory.”
“I just thought that since everyone else in your family is trying to find something to put their faith in that you might be interested as well.”
“Nobody in my family has faith in anything. Julia’s the only one even remotely interested in religion, and when push comes to shove she still can’t stomach it,” Thomas objected. 
“Your father’s found faith. He worships a god that will never disappoint him but will never satisfy him either. It’s a crude god I admit, but one with quite a following. Make no mistake; your father has faith. And then there’s your mother who doesn’t believe yet, but since she hasn’t found anything else to believe in, she’ll believe soon simply because she can’t go on without putting her faith in something.”
“You’re not making any sense,” Thomas said. “But nothing you say ever makes sense.” 
“Then let me explain it for you. You can always tell what a person believes in by what they worship. For your father it’s oblivion, and revelry, and forgetfulness in the morning. Like I said, the crudest of gods, and he leaves a terrible hangover. Your mother, being more sophisticated, worships a more sophisticated god and is learning to put her faith in cold calculating reason. She wants to believe in the tangible world to the exclusion of everything else, and she will very soon. Science, the son of reason has been promising that it can fix all of her problems; all she needs is a little proof, and she’ll give herself over to it completely.”
“What does this have to do with me?” Thomas asked. 
“I’m getting there,” the stranger said with glee. “Your father worships debauchery, and your mother worships reason, but both of those will leave them empty. They’ll always be looking for something more because, while they’ll find oblivion or solace in their gods, they’ll never find rest, and so they’ll always be searching. But you’ve hit on a faith that combines the two: pure logic and pure debauchery. What your mother will never find in logic, debauchery will satisfy in you, and the meaning and purpose debauchery lacks, you’ll find in a crusade built upon logic. If only you’d just believe.”
“How do you know that I don’t believe?” Thomas asked.
“Because you don’t act. When you believe you’ll be able to do something. You should see your new friends. They don’t understand as well as you do, but they believe. You should see what they’re doing right now,” the stranger said cryptically. “Everyone blames me for destroying people’s faith, but all I really do is try to get them to believe.”
“And what about Julia, Lewis, and David?” Thomas asked. “What do they believe in?” 
“For them the question is still up in the air. They’re just like their mother; they want to believe but they have to see first. For Lewis and David it’ll only be a matter of time, but poor Julia will never find what she’s looking for. Maybe you should teach her your religion, I’m sorry, your philosophy, because sooner or later she’s going to need to believe in something. I’d love to chat more but you’d better answer that,” the stranger said. 
The knocking that Thomas had barely noticed grew louder until it woke him up. He groggily walked across the room and opened the door. Mary and Amy stood in the hallway and neither of them looked pleased.
“Do you know where Robert and Clint are?” Mary asked. 
“I don’t have a clue. What time is it?” Thomas answered.
Jessica got out of bed. And walked to the doorway. 
“It’s 2:45,” Amy said “And Clint and Robert are in jail for urinating in public, disturbing the peace, and public intoxication.”
“What are we going to do?” Thomas asked. He tried to show some concern but couldn’t help thinking that they’d only gotten what they deserved. 
“You’re going to go down to the police station to get them out,” Mary said angrily. 
“Me?” Thomas asked. 
“Why him?” Jessica added. 
“Because it’s his fault they’re in jail,” Amy snapped. 
“I’ve been here all night,” Thomas explained. 
“Oh we know,” Mary said.
“Then how is it his fault?” Jessica asked. 
“Because he’s the one who filled their heads with all that nonsense about subjective moral absolute something or another. That’s all they talked about while we were trying to get them to stop drinking,” Mary answered.
“They need to take responsibility for their own actions,” Jessica said.
“They’re in jail,” Amy said. “The only one not taking responsibility is him.” She pointed at Thomas.
“You can’t go around convincing people that they should do whatever they want, and then say you didn’t have anything to do with their actions,” Mary noted. 
“They were looking for an excuse to do whatever they wanted this week,” Jessica objected.
“And he gave it to them,” Amy retorted. 
“But if he hadn’t they would’ve found another one.”
“Where?” Mary asked. “Who else do you know that talks such nonsense?”
“Look, they’re probably still drunk,” Jessica stated. “So why don’t we let them sleep it off and go pick them up in the morning.” 
This answer seemed to satisfy Mary and Amy and they took a step back so Thomas could close the door.
“Can you believe them? I think they’ve had a few too many too,” Thomas said when he thought they couldn’t hear. Jessica rolled her eyes at him and went back to bed.
* * *
Peter didn’t sleep all night. He could feel the fatigue in his bones, but every time he tried to close his eyes he found that sleep eluded him. He thought about taking sleeping pills, but that would necessitate going out to the pharmacy. Instead, he stayed up flipping through the channels. With almost a hundred channels to go through he still couldn’t find anything to satisfy the hunger that welled up inside him. The sports station showed recaps of the days events several times, and he watched the same highlights over and over again throughout the night. He found infomercials wanting to sell him pills that could enhance anything he might want enhanced and other infomercials selling pills to reduce anything he had too much of. 
“The whole world’s either looking for an answer or trying to make money selling one,” he muttered when he finally got around to turning off the television. He struggled free from the couch cushions and wandered into the kitchen.
“Well you’re my answer,” he said as he opened the refrigerator and pulled out a 16 ounce aluminum can. “You’re my answer and I don’t mind having to pay for you because you make me forget everything, and that’s better than sleep.” 
He opened the can and drank deep. He pulled another one out of the refrigerator before settling back into the couch and turning on the television. He flipped through the channels again. “I’ve got my religion right here,” he declared when he got to one of the religious channels. “Isn’t that right? He said to the aluminum can. “You’re all the religion I’ll ever need.”
* * *
Julia woke up early on Sunday morning and put on the grubby cloths that she’d brought to work in. Sara found her sitting in the courtyard by herself, staring out at the street. 
“What are you doing?” she asked innocently.
“I needed to be alone,” Julia answered.
“You don’t like being around the rest of the group do you?”
“Not really.”
“Why did you come here? My parents were fine with you staying at the house without me for a week, and I know you don’t like any of these people,” Sara said motioning to the rest of the group that had begun to gather in the courtyard. “Even if you hadn’t said so. I’d know you can’t stand them.”
“I don’t know exactly what I’m doing,” Julia said. “I feel like I’m always looking for something that I always almost find, but every time I catch a glimpse something else comes in and ruins it.”
“What do you mean by looking for something? What are you looking for?” Sara asked.
“When I was reading the Bible I wanted to believe it. But I needed to see it working in the real world, in my world. The theory seemed too good to be possible, at least in this world, and I couldn’t believe in a theory. I tried but I have to see it lived in this world to know that it’s real, and not a bunch of wishful thinking.”
“Hey, what are you guys talking about?” Nathan said walking up to them.
“Nothing.” Julia said shortly.
“Oh, well do you want to talk about something?” Nathan asked.
His demeanor was so innocent that Julia couldn’t help thinking that he really didn’t understand how obnoxious he was.
“We’re kind of in the middle of something private,” Sara said.
“So private you can’t share with your good friend Nathan? Maybe I can help?” he suggested putting his arms around their shoulders. Julia slid out from under his sweaty teenage armpit and said, “Just go.” 
He left. The exasperated look Julia gave Sara made words superfluous. 
“I know. I get your point,” Sara said. “So why did you come?”
“Because I wanted to help the people here by giving them a house.”
“Is that your real reason?”
“Why else would I torture myself with being around your church friends?”
“I thought that maybe you wanted to be miserable,” Sara said. “You seem to like torturing yourself lately.”
“So you think I came all this way so I could be miserable.”
“I think you came all this way because in spite of people like Nathan you still want to believe.”
“I don’t know what I want for myself anymore. But I want the people down here to believe in God because they need something to hope for. Their lives are so empty sitting around in their shanty houses, trying to plant enough crops to get by, and going hungry when there’s a drought. I wish I could make them believe even if I don’t so they’d have something to live for.”
“I wish the same thing for you,” Sara said.
“I know, and I wish I could believe, but if you don’t believe something you can’t just make yourself. I need to see it lived, even if it’s just one person. All of the other crazy stories would be believable if I could see someone who lived like they believed. I need to see it lived in my world. I can’t believe in that kind of love and forgiveness without experiencing it. I wish I could be like you and just trust that it’s out there without really understanding, but I’m not.”
* * *
By the time Thomas and the girls had woken up and driven down to the police station, Robert and Clint had had enough time to sober up, forget their hangovers, and get ready to go out again. 
“You really missed out man,” Robert said to Thomas as they walked out of the station. 
“Don’t worry,” Clint jumped in. “We’re going to do the whole thing over again, exactly the same.”
“Only better,” Robert added.
“I hope you’re happy,” Mary said as Thomas stepped past her to get into the van. 
“I didn’t do anything wrong,” Thomas objected. 
“And besides you can’t judge him because there’s no absolute standard,” Robert told her.
“Hey, why don’t we all go down to the beach,” Jessica suggested.
* * *
Julia didn’t know what she’d expected, but the small community where they were building the houses took her by surprise. A few cinder block houses dotted the streets, which, as the woman with the cheery face had explained, had been built by past groups of volunteers. The rest of the houses had been pieced together with scrap wood, cardboard, and anything else that might have been left lying on the ground. The youth split into two teams, one for each house that they were supposed to build. Someone had already laid the foundations so their first task was to move all of the cinder blocks from the big pile next to the street to the job site. 
Julia put on the heavy-duty work gloves she’d bought a few days ago and tried to figure out why the people who had delivered the cinder blocks hadn’t unloaded them next to the foundations. While Julia and Sara helped move bricks, a Mexican, who was apparently some sort of foreman, gave instructions to a few of the boys while another Mexican, obviously a translator, explained to them in English what they should do. Julia noticed that Jason was one of the boys receiving instructions and watched as he started sifting sand through a wire screen. She wondered if he’d been put in the same group as her on purpose or if it was only the result of a fifty percent probability.
“Julia?” Sara said. 
Hearing her name made Julia realize that she’d stopped working. She picked up two more cinder blocks to move to the new pile without looking at Sara.
“Julia,” Sara said again. 
This time Julia turned around and saw her friend motioning for her to come. She set the cinder blocks back down and went over to the shade tree where Sara waited on her. 
“I think the family wants to meet you,” Sara said, pointing to the woman and the two children, a girl and a boy, who sat on three upside-down buckets.
“Hola,” Julia said sheepishly as she took off the work glove to shake the woman’s hand. The woman shook Julia’s hand vigorously and gibbered away in Spanish. Sara called the translator, who put down the shovel and hurried over to the tree. The woman gibbered away again, and this time the translator explained, “She wants to know how old you are and if you have a husband. She says that she has an older son who’s working in the fields who wants to marry a white girl and live in the United States.” 
Julia tried to keep her composure and asked the translator to explain that she wasn’t interested. Then she asked where the woman’s husband was. The woman hesitated and spoke more softly than she had before. 
“She says that her husband is working in the fields too,” the translator explained.
“Do they always work on Sunday?” Sara asked. 
The translator did his job and explained, “She says that her husband feels shame because the Americans are building his house, and he doesn’t want to be here while you are working.”
“Does she feel ashamed?” Julia asked. She looked at the translator instead of the woman. The translator repeated the question and the woman answered.
“She says that she doesn’t care who builds her house because the priest teaches that pride is a sin and . . .”
The woman interrupted the translator, and he did his best to keep up with her.
“She says that you have to be humble when you are poor because you have to know that you need help or else no one will help you. You have to leave pride for rich people because they don’t need as much help. But some rich people are good, like you because you came all the way to my town to help me. Mr. Vargas whose house is the big one down that street is rich, but he doesn’t help anyone. We all have to help each other because that’s what the priest teaches. That’s why God sent you down here to build my house.”
Julia wanted to explain that God hadn’t sent her, but instead she only told the woman thank you. She shook the woman’s hand again and put her work gloves back on. When all of the bricks had been moved, Julia helped mix sand, cement, and water to make mortar. Jason helped as the group took turns turning the concoction over time and again with old ratty shovels. 
“Ask him why they don’t use a cement mixer,” a girl said to the translator. She pointed to the foreman who had just finished taking his turn mixing the mortar. The translator said something to the foreman and they both laughed. 
“What’s funny?” the girl asked. The translator said something else to the foreman and they both laughed again. 
“He wants to tell you a story,” the translator said as the foreman motioned to a bench made out of cinder blocks and some two-by-fours. The girl sat down. Julia stood to the side with her head turned the other way, but with both ears listening to the translator as he repeated the foreman’s story.
“There was a poor fisherman who was sitting by the ocean resting in the shade, and an American asked him why he wasn’t fishing. The fisherman said that he’d already caught enough fish for that day. Then the American explained that if he caught more fish he could make more money. The fisherman asked why would he want to do that, and the American explained that with more money he could buy a better net and catch even more fish.”
Julia’s turn came to work and she took the shovel that Jason offered her, but she couldn’t bring herself to say anything to him or even look him in the eye. When she finished mixing the mortar she went back to where she’d been standing and listened to the rest of the foreman’s story.
“Then the American said that he’d be able to buy a whole bunch of boats and hire other people to work for him. Then the fisherman asked why he would want to do that. And the American said that then he would be able to relax and enjoy life. And the fisherman asked, ‘What do you think I’m doing right now?’ ”
The translator and the foreman both laughed. The girl on the bench waited for them to leave before saying to Julia, “Maybe if they’d catch a few more fish we wouldn’t have to come down here to build their houses for them.” 
Julia shrugged her shoulders and walked away to stand by Sara.
* * *
“What do you want to do?” Thomas asked Jessica when they got to the beach. 
“Let’s build a sandcastle,” Jessica said. Thomas had no desire to build a sandcastle, but the excitement in her voice made him believe that she’d forgiven him for whatever it was he’d done to make her upset the day before. He didn’t want to upset her again so he agreed. Jessica ran down to the ocean with the excitement of a little girl who was seeing it for the first time. Thomas followed behind her, jogging just fast enough so as not to lose her in the ocean of people. 
“What happened to all those sad stories about her horrible childhood?” he thought when she reached the point where the sand met the water. Jessica sat down on the wet sand and sunk her fingers into it with such childish glee that Thomas couldn’t help suspecting that she was intentionally overcompensating for everything she’d missed out on as a child. 
“Come on,” she called out playfully as he reached the spot she’d claimed for them. 
“We’re not going to build it here?” Thomas asked.
“Why not?”
“It’s right next to the ocean. Let’s go up a little so that the tide doesn’t wash it away.”
“But the sand here is just right,” Jessica objected as she produced a handful for Thomas to examine. 
“Let’s build it up there, and I’ll bring sand from here up to you while you get started.”
Jessica agreed but the playfulness had vanished from her demeanor. She moved up on the beach and began shaping the wet sand as Thomas transported it up to her.
“Sit with me,” she said after a few minutes.
“Are you sure this is enough?” Thomas asked pointing to the pile of sand he’d brought up to her. 
“That doesn’t matter. Just sit with me,” she said. She gave him a twig and showed him how to make windows with it. 
“How intricate is this castle going to be?” Thomas asked. 
Jessica looked up from her work. “If you don’t want to help that’s okay,” she conceded. 
Thomas picked up on her tone and apologized. “I just don’t understand why you want to put so much time and effort into something that isn’t going to last.”
“It’s not supposed to last. Nothing lasts forever,” Jessica answered. “Just sit with me. You don’t have to help if you don’t want. Just sit with me for a while.”
The idea of just sitting in the sand while Jessica worked on her castle seemed like an even bigger waste of time, so Thomas contented himself with the menial task of sculpting windows in the towers of Jessica’s sandcastle.
* * *
Peter woke up late in the afternoon when the sun had circled the apartment building and found its way into his bedroom window. By the time he actually got out of bed the sun had sunk low enough to justify going out. He didn’t bother calling Stanly; he never had time these days. And he didn’t feel like going to Murphy’s. He decided to try one of those fancy places downtown. He drove himself to a parking garage where he left his car. As he walked down the street, he noticed a beggar packing up his belongings in a tattered sheet.
“Hey,” Peter called out. The beggar looked up to give him his attention.
“You look like you could use a drink as much as I do,” Peter said approaching the stranger. 
“Thanks for the offer, but I’m heading back home for the night,” the beggar replied. His words came out so naturally that Peter wondered how many times he’d received a similar invitation. “If you need a drinking partner though, there’s a guy who sits out about a block that way who’ll take you up on that offer any day. You should be able to find him because I don’t think he ever goes home, probably doesn’t have one.”
The beggar got up to walk away. Peter didn’t understand how a beggar could refuse him, and he burned with indignation. 
“So you’re too good for me?” he shouted to the beggar’s back. 
The beggar stopped walking long enough to look over his shoulder and answer, “No offense, but it looks like rain so I’m turning in early. Like I said, go about a block that way, and you’ll find someone to drink with.”
* * *
When Lewis finally reached the sandy beach next to the river the older boys had already started to set up camp. The designated camping area was further up, but the older boys had gotten permission from the adults to sleep by the river.
“I can’t feel my legs,” James Guthrie moaned as he collapsed on the soft sandy bank. Lewis wished that he couldn’t feel his legs, but the pain of exhaustion persisted as he began the process of setting up his tent. This time Michael came over to help him as soon as he’d gotten his own tent set up—before Lewis had to ask for help. By the time the two of them got Lewis’s tent set up, the older boys had taken out their fishing poles and gone down to the river.
“Come on,” Michael said to Lewis when they’d stored Lewis’s backpack inside the tent and zipped up the front door. 
“That’s okay,” Lewis said. I didn’t bring a fishing pole.” 
“Oh,” Michael said, and then crawled into his tent. He emerged with his fishing pole and rushed down to the river where the other boys had gathered.
* * *
Hannah spent all day thinking about Andy, about what he’d said, about counseling, about how he’d opened doors and pulled out her chair, and about whether or not to call him. She wanted to call him, but not because she wanted to go out again, though that would be necessary. She wanted to call him because she wanted him to take her to his place. She’d wanted the same thing the night before, and as she waited for the hour hand on her clock to make its rounds she tried to understand why she’d refused.
“It’s natural to feel these needs,” she told herself. “I’ve been alone for so long. Even when I was with Peter I was alone. In the end it comes down to biology, natural drives and desires.”
She still couldn’t convince herself. The part of her that insisted on believing in emotions, in feelings that ran deeper than chemical reactions in the brain, refused to be silenced. 
“If he’d only been asking for a one night stand,” she said under her breath. “If he’d been looking for biology instead of love, or romance, or happily ever after.” 
She needed to believe that all of those things couldn’t be found, that people had made them up along with unicorns and fairy godmothers. She needed to believe that those ideas had sprung up out of the need to believe that life didn’t come down to biology. She couldn’t admit the possibility of happily ever after being available because that would mean that she’d missed it, that somewhere along the way she’d made a mistake or a wrong decision. 
“That can’t be,” she told herself. “They’re all right: Abigail, the doctor, and even Andy in a certain sense.” She didn’t think that Andy had been right about going to his place, but he’d been right about one thing. Hannah pulled out the card he’d given her and dialed the number.
* * *
Lewis sat by the river with a stick that two of the older boys had found for him. They’d tied some fishing line and a hook to it and even loaned him a lure, but Lewis still didn’t feel like he fit in as he sat on a large rock, holding his makeshift pole over the water while everyone else sat further down river fishing.
“It looks like rain,” one of the older boys said as he examined the sky.
“Make sure to put the rainfly on your tents before you go to sleep,” another of them cautioned. Lewis listened to their conversation but didn’t get too close because of the shame that he felt over his stick and string. The shame burned in him to such a degree that he didn’t know how to react when something jerked at the string. Lewis pulled back on the stick and tried to think of how he could reel in the line. By the time he’d thought to run further from the water, whatever it was that had pulled on the string had gotten away and taken the lure with it. Lewis stole a glance at the rest of the boys to make sure that no one had seen his failure and then put the string back in the river even though he had nothing on the end of it to attract the fish. 
“It sure looks like rain,” one of the older boys repeated as he looked up at the threatening sky.
Chapter 12
He that has and a little tiny wit,
With heigh-ho, the wind and the rain,
Must make content with his fortunes fit,
Though the rain it raineth every day.
-William Shakespeare

“It looks like rain,” Andy said when Hannah opened the front door.
“The weatherman said last week that there would be a 90% chance of precipitation,” Hannah replied. 
“Do you want to stay in tonight?” Andy offered.
“I’d like that. I’m glad that you could come over.”
“I’m glad you called.”
Hannah moved aside so that Andy could pass through the doorway. She told herself again that it was just biology, that she wouldn’t let emotions come into play, and that even if they did those too were only the results of chemical reactions. She offered Andy a seat in the living room while she went into the kitchen to boil water for tea. When she reentered the living room, he’d followed her instructions and made himself at home on the couch. He’d turned the television on to the local news, and he turned around when she walked into the room.
“It looks like we made the right decision staying in tonight,” he said, pointing to the screen where the local weatherman tried to explain the storm clouds that covered the gulf and all the area along the coast. Hannah sat down next to Andy, and he turned off the television. Leave it on a little longer,” she said. “My son’s out camping. I just want to see what the weather is like where he is.”
Andy turned the television back on and handed the remote to Hannah. 
“I’ve got to be honest,” the weatherman said, “I can’t explain what’s going on with this storm system. Not too long ago it looked like it was going to die out as it moved inland and cause scattered showers from Florida to south Texas. Meteorologically speaking what it’s doing now doesn’t make any sense; it defies all logic. I mean there is no precedent for what it’s doing.” 
The anchor cut in, “For those of us who aren’t meteorologists can you explain in layman’s terms what we could expect to see?” 
“Of course,” the weatherman responded. “While I can’t say with any certainty what this storm will do, I can say that if it continues to build like it’s building now that viewers should expect at least several inches of rain and probably severe thunder storms and very strong winds. If any of you have plans to go out tonight, I would certainly suggest that you stay inside, but like I said earlier, it’s impossible to be able to say for sure what this storm is going to do.” 
Andy must have seen the worried look on Hannah’s face. He put his hand on her shoulder and said that he was sure everything would be okay.
“I’m sure your son will be just fine,” he added.
“Idiot local weatherman,” Hannah said, as if she hadn’t noticed Andy’s hand or his comment. She changed the station to the weather channel where another meteorologist stood in front of a regional map pointing to various locations. 
“As I said this storm has sprung up very unexpectedly as a result of a variety of meteorological forces.” Hannah listened as the weatherman tried to explain exactly what was going on in layman’s terms, but she didn’t understand a word of what he said. While he agreed with the local weatherman in that viewers should expect severe storms along the coast, the fact that he could at least pretend to understand the storm in terms of fronts and pressure systems comforted her. She listened a little longer, forgetting all about Andy, who sat patiently on the couch next to her. After a few minutes, she changed the channel to CNN where yet another meteorologist explained the causes of the storm system as it moved further inland. Hannah understood just enough of his explanation to realize that his theory completely contradicted what she’d just heard from the weather channel, but he spoke just as persuasively, and the contradiction didn’t bother her in the least. 
“Between the two of them one of them must be right,” Hannah said to no one in particular.
“Huh?” Andy asked. He obviously hadn’t been listening as closely as Hannah. 
“Nothing,” Hannah said and turned the channel back to the local news. “There are several theories that might explain what’s going on here,” the weatherman continued, “but none of them can fully account for what we’re seeing here tonight.”
“Idiot,” Hannah repeated and turned back to the weather channel.
* * *
Thomas stayed with Jessica and helped her build the sand castle until sunset. Every time he thought they were finished she would find something else to add to the project. Thomas realized that she had no intention of getting up or doing anything more productive, and that he would spend the rest of the evening pouring all his energy into refining the frail piece of art. Clouds began to accumulate off the shore and threatened to destroy the tiny castle, but Jessica didn’t seem to notice. She carried on as if oblivious to everything except the drawbridge that she strove to perfect. Thunder clapped in the distance and the wind picked up. Thomas watched as families and couples evacuated the beach in search of shelter. Jessica didn’t show any sign of concern.
“Aren’t you ready to go?” Thomas asked.
“It’s not finished,” Jessica said pointing to the castle. “Let’s stay until it’s finished.”
“But the rain,” Thomas objected. “Everything’s going to get washed away in a few minutes.”
Jessica didn’t respond but continued sculpting each intricate detail. Thomas sat beside her waiting and looking at the sky. She was still working when drops of rain began to fall around them. Each droplet that found its way to the sand castle took its toll on the structure, erasing the texture even while Jessica strove to form it.
“Can we go now?” Thomas asked. 
“Let’s stay and watch,” Jessica said, and she sat down a few feet from the castle. She motioned for Thomas to sit next to her and he complied.
“It makes you wonder what the point of all that work was since nobody’s ever going to get to see it,” Thomas said.
“It wasn’t meant to last,” Jessica answered. “If I’d wanted people to be able to enjoy it forever I’d have built it in a glass box and sealed it up so it wouldn’t ever be damaged by wind, or rain, or little kids who can’t resist the urge to knock down other people’s sand castles.”
“So why did we build it?” Thomas asked.
“For someone who talks about life not having any purpose or meaning you sure do spend a lot of time asking why. Can’t you just sit with me for a few minutes and at least pretend that you understand why this was so important to me?”
The rain began to fall harder, but Jessica didn’t seem to notice it soaking her hair. The barrage of droplets dissolved the turrets and windows before trickling down into the mud. Thomas couldn’t ignore the cold wet feeling of rain beating down on his bare shoulders, though the tiny beads of water failed to produce a reaction in his companion. He stared at the castle as the rain reduced it to a pile of wet sand. He stole a glance at Jessica who still hadn’t moved. Streams of water poured down her cheeks in such a way that Thomas couldn’t tell if they’d had their origin in her tear ducts or the dark clouds above.
“Do you want to go back to the hotel yet?” Thomas asked with cautions reservation.
“Just sit with me,” she pleaded and reached for his hand without turning her gaze from the muddy mound in front of her. Thomas looked out at the horizon where the billowing clouds showed no sign of relenting, reluctantly took her hand, and sat back down next to her while the rain fell down all around them.
“Maybe you’re right,” Jessica said. “Maybe it’s all pointless.” She turned her head to the side briefly to look at Thomas then back at the place where the sand castle had once stood. “But if that’s all life amounts to in the end, I’d rather spend it on the beach building sand castles.” 
She sunk her fingers into the wet sand and pulled up a handful of it. “If you’re right, and this is what life comes to then,” she stopped talking in mid-sentence, as if she’d lost her train of thought or couldn’t find words to express what she felt. Thomas waited patiently as the rain continued to fall and made him shiver. 
“I don’t want to be alone.” Jessica’s voice quivered. “Just sit with me.”
* * *
When the rain began to fall in Mexico the youth director announced that there had been a chance of light showers and that everyone should find some shelter while they waited for the storm to pass. Julia surveyed the sky. The billowing clouds showed no indication of passing after a light shower. She followed the family into the flimsy one room edifice that they knew as home. Not until she’d accepted a seat on one of the two rickety beds did she realize that everyone else had found shelter elsewhere, and that she was alone with the woman and her two children. 
The woman, after making sure that Julia was situated, went back out into the rain that had begun to fall loudly on the tin room. The little boy made a fire in the clay stove that occupied one corner of the room. His younger sister clanged pots around preparing something inside of them. Julia surveyed her surroundings. She’d noticed the structure and noted how humble it seemed when she’d first gotten out of the van, but now that she found herself sitting inside the dwelling, she examined the rusted tin room that had been pieced together from scraps of metal that had probably been left over from other houses. In the places where the scraps didn’t cover, rain dripped in, creating muddy puddles in the dirt floor. The walls had been made out of oddly shaped scraps of plywood joined together with rusty nails. Either cardboard or plastic bags filled in the rest of the gaps.
The woman came back inside carrying a bundle of sticks that she placed next to the clay stove. She took a dinted black pot and set it under a rather large hole in the roof where the rain seemed to pour in rather than drip. A few moments passed, and then the woman took the pot that had collected a considerable amount of rainwater and set it over the opening in the clay stove so that the fire could heat it. 
The woman sat with her children on the other bed facing Julia and peeled potatoes with an old knife. Occasionally she looked up and smiled at Julia who hadn’t moved. Julia smiled back. She looked intently into the face of the woman, trying to find the traces of self-pity, or frustration that surely dwelt below the surface. The woman looked up and smiled again, not making any attempt at communicating with words. Julia only saw joy and contentment in the woman’s eyes. When the woman finished peeling the potatoes, she sliced them, and put them in the pot of water that had begun to boil, and then went to work cutting up what looked like a cactus leaf. 
The puddles on the floor got bigger, and by the time the woman had finished preparing the stew most of the floor had turned to mud. After thirty or forty-five minutes two men walked into the room. The rain had completely soaked their old dirty clothes. Both men greeted the woman as they shed their wet shirts and pants. The woman produced dry clothes from under the bed for the two men, who Julia realized must have been the husband and oldest son she’d heard about that morning. The two men got dressed in front of Julia without any sign of shame or even acknowledging her presence. When they’d finished they huddled around the clay stove. 
The woman said something to them and pointed to Julia. The two men turned from the fire to look at her but didn’t say anything. The father nodded his head and grunted before turning back to the fire. The woman took the stew off the fire and scooped some out into a plastic bowl and served it to Julia. Julia accepted the bowl graciously. The smell that came up with the steam almost turned her stomach, but she forced herself to eat out of politeness as the woman served the rest of the family. Julia decided to consume the stew as quickly as possible to get rid of the stench that came up from it. When she’d finished she got up from the bed, walked across the muddy floor and said gracias as she handed the bowl to the woman. The woman nodded her head, poured what little was left of the stew into the bowl, and began to eat. Julia went back to the bed and sat down while the family huddled together with their bowls of stew.
As they talked back and forth, the gruffness disappeared from the father’s face, and at one point they all laughed. The father looked over at Julia and said, “Lluvia fuerte.” He spoke slowly so that she could make out the syllables. 
“Luva?” Julia asked.
The children giggled, and the father repeated, “Lluvia.” This time he pointed up. 
“Lluvia?” Julia tried again and pointed to the water that had congregated on the floor. 
“Fuerte,” the father said pounding his fist on his leg.”
“Fuerte,” Julia repeated and pounded her fist in her palm. The whole family laughed. Julia didn’t understand what was so funny. 
“Maybe they just need to laugh,” she thought. “Maybe that’s the only way to get through the night when your house leans every time the wind blows.” The wind had picked up, and as the gusts grew stronger the entire room creaked and shook. Julia felt certain that the structure would collapse any minute. She looked up at the ragged roof and tried not to think about it falling on top of her.
“Lluvia fuerte,” she said again pointing to a hole in the roof and pounding her fist. The family laughed again, and Julia let herself laugh with them.
A little later Sara and Jason appeared in the doorway. In the time it had taken them to run from the vans to the family’s house, the rain had drenched them. The woman jumped up and ushered them to the bed where Julia sat. She took a few spoonfuls of stew from each of the children’s bowls and added them to the one from which she had been eating before offering it to her new guests. 
“No, no, no,” Sara insisted.
The woman looked confused and then went back to the family’s side of the room where she took a spoon from one of the children and put it in the bowl, which she brought back to Sara and Jason. She pointed at the bowl and then at each of them as if trying to say that there were now two spoons for two people.
“If we don’t accept it she’s going to go back and take one of their bowls,” Jason cautioned. Sara reluctantly took the bowl from the woman’s hand. The children took turns eating with the one spoon until the oldest son finished eating and gave them his. “What’s going on?” Julia asked quietly. “Where’s everyone else?” 
“Everyone else went to the vans when the rain started,” Sara explained. “Jason and I thought you were in the other van at first, but one of the girls from that van came over to ours because it was too crowded. When she said that you weren’t in their van we got worried and came to look for you.”
Jason nibbled away at the concoction the woman had given him while Sara talked. When she finished he offered her the bowl.
“Your turn,” he said. “Try to pretend that you like it.” Then he looked at Julia and spoke to her for the first time since that phone call. “They’re talking about sleeping in the vans because the roads are going to be too muddy to drive on.”
She’d expected him say something more personal or profound. The simplicity of his words and the familiarity with which he spoke caught her off guard. A gust of wind blew causing the walls to tremble. Sara and Jason startled. 
“It’s been doing that,” Julia explained. Then she looked at Jason. “You do know that I’m sorry.”
“Sorry for what?” Jason asked.
“For the way I,” Julia began. “For what I did to you. I don’t know what I was thinking. I wasn’t thinking then. If you hated me for the rest of your life I wouldn’t blame you.” 
Sara scooted over to give them what little privacy she could.
“I don’t have anything to hold against you,” Jason answered.
“Yes, you do.”
Jason leaned over and whispered into Julia’s ear. Her body tensed up, and she didn’t understand her reaction. As hard as she tried to tell him yes, her mouth wouldn’t open, and her head instinctually shook itself from side to side. “He shouldn’t have asked again,” she told herself. She could see disappointment in Jason’s eyes, but there was something else behind the disappointment that made her feel as if everything would still turn out as it should.
“I’m sorry,” she finally managed to say.
“I don’t have anything to hold against you,” Jason repeated.
Julia turned back to Sara, unable to understand herself. “I’m so messed up Sara, but I’m so glad that I’m here with you. I’m so messed up inside,” she said. She didn’t care that Jason was still sitting next to her. She even wondered if she’d only made the confession for his sake.
“Blessed are the poor in spirit,” Sara replied, and she wrapped her arms around Julia’s neck.
“If that’s the case then I’m a million miles ahead of you and I don’t even believe it’s true.”
“I believe you are.”
“That I’m what?”
“A million miles ahead of me.”
Hours passed and the fire in the clay stove began to die out. The woman motioned for Jason to come. When he’d crossed the muddy floor she pointed to the bed. Then she took her daughter over to the bed where Sara and Julia sat watching. The woman and the girl crawled into the bed and motioned for Julia and Sara to join them. Julia crawled under the dirty covers next to the woman and Sara got in next to Julia. On the other side of the room the men did the same. Julia could hear the rain pounding down on the tin as they lay in the rickety bed under the leaky roof. She watched the shadows dance along the wall as the last of the flames flickered in the furnace and finally died out.
* * *
Lewis woke up when he felt raindrops dripping on his face. He’d forgotten to put up the rain fly, despite the older boys’ warnings and reminders. He got out of his damp sleeping bag and fumbled around in the dark tent until he found his flashlight. With the flashlight he found the rain fly. He didn’t bother putting on socks or boots, but stepped out onto the wet sand, hurried to get the nylon covering over the tent, and then rushed back inside to get out of the rain that grew in intensity. His sleeping bag had gotten wet, not soaked, but wet enough to keep him from being able to sleep in it. 
He stayed awake, listening to the wind rushing through the valley and the rain that pounded on the tent’s nylon covering. The cold and wet made the night drag on. Lewis tried to think about something else to take his mind off of the physical reality, but every three or four minutes he would turn on his flashlight to look at his watch and see how much time still had to pass. Lewis began to shiver in the wet sleeping bag as he waited for the seconds to creep by. It seemed that the tent and everything in it only got wetter despite the rain fly. 
More time passed and the winds whipped around the tent. The tent walls pushed in around him and he assumed that some of the steaks had come out of their sandy foundation. He wondered how the other boys could sleep through the storm. His sleeping bag sloshed when he rolled over and he realized that he was lying in almost an inch of water. 
“Hey what’s this?” a voice cried out from another tent. Lewis could barely make out the words above the noise of his tent flapping in the wind, but it gave him hope. For the first time he didn’t feel alone. 
Another voice called out, “Is there water in your tent too?”
“Everything’s soaked, “answered another voice. Lewis poked his head out of the tent and saw the glow of flashlights coming from the other tents that lined the beach. Then he looked down and realized why water had gotten into their tents. The river had risen and covered the sandy area where they’d made camp. 
“We’re in the river,” Lewis yelled. The other boys emerged from their tents and came to the same realization.
“Come on, we’ve got to get up to the campsite,” one of the older boys shouted. Lewis pulled his backpack out of the tent and rushed to take it further up the beach and out of the river’s path. He hurried back down toward his tent to put his hiking boots on but couldn’t find the spot where he’d pitched it. He could see James and Michael trying to take down their tent and Doug and George struggling against the wind to get the poles out of theirs. He knew that he’d pitched his tent between them, but he couldn’t find it. He looked back and forth frantically as the river rose past his ankles.
“I can’t find my tent!” he yelled out. Nobody responded. He looked around until a flash of lightning lit up the night and revealed Lewis’s tent floating down the river. He ran after it, splashing his bare feet in the water until he lost his footing and fell face first into the current. One of the older boys grabbed him. 
“What are you doing?” he yelled. 
“My tent,” Lewis sobbed.
“Leave it. Let’s go.” 
“But my boots and my sleeping bag and my . . .”
“Forget about them!” We’ve got to get up to the campsite.”
The older boy flashed his light around, and Lewis saw that his hadn’t been the only tent to get swept up by the river. The older boy led Lewis to the place where James and Michael struggled to pack their tent and sleeping bags into their backpacks. 
“Let him carry some of it and go,” the older boy ordered. 
James handed Lewis the wet bundle of nylon and mesh that had been their tent, and they all rushed up to higher ground. Lewis found his backpack where he’d left it and put it on before following the rest of the boys to the designated campsite. When they reached the trail, rocks and twigs replaced the soft sand of the beach and scratched the tender souls of Lewis’s bare feet. He didn’t mind the discomfort, but followed the other boys at a near run as adrenaline replaced the fear and misery that he’d initially felt. 
When they got to the campsite the adults got out of their tents and helped them set up what had survived of their camp. Some of the boys huddled into an extra tent one of the adults had brought, and the rest crawled into the soaked tents that they’d carried up from the river. Lewis found himself crammed into a tent with James Guthrie and Doug. They all huddled together using the one wet sleeping bag as a blanket. Lewis could feel Doug shivering to his right and thought he heard James whimpering on the far side of the tent. Worries about his lost gear all but disappeared. 
“I can’t wait to tell Tommy,” he thought. “He’s never going to believe this.”
* * *
It had taken Peter longer than he’d expected to find his drinking buddy, but once he did, the bum jumped at the opportunity to get a free drink. The bum suggested a liquor store because the money would go further.
“Oh no,” Peter insisted. “We’re going to the classiest place we can find. Nothing but the best tonight.”
In the end they compromised and went into the first bar they found. Heads turned as they walked through the door. The bum reeked and Peter hadn’t exactly taken the time to shower or shave. They found a table and heads returned to their drinks and conversations.
“What’ll it be? The waitress asked. 
The bum didn’t hesitate. “I’ll have your cheapest beer,” he said.
“Okay,” the waitress said and reluctantly turned to Peter. “And for you?”
“Give us two shots of your best whisky,” Peter said. 
The waitress left. 
“So how was your day,” Peter said to the bum as if they’d been close friends. The bum fidgeted in his dirty sports coat, looked down at the table, and then all around as if he were searching for something. 
“I’d tell you about my day except there’s not much to tell,” Peter said. “I slept in, then watched T.V. then came here. I didn’t mean to put you on the spot. I just figured that your day had been more interesting.”
“No,” the bum said.
The waitress came with their drinks. 
“Nothing at all?” Peter asked.
The bum shifted in his chair as if trying to communicate that he hadn’t expected to have to carry on a conversation.
“No,” he said again.
“Well I’ll drink to that,” Peter said. He held up his shot glass. “Here’s to nothing,” he said. 
The bum followed suit. After several more rounds the bum spoke up, “There were these two guys and one of ‘em stopped to give me money, but the other guy told ‘em not to ‘cause I’d just buy booze with it. What’s he expect me to do, save up for a convertible?” The bum chuckled. 
“I think that guy over there’s staring at us,” Peter said abruptly as if he hadn’t listened to a word the bum had said. 
“That’s normal,” the bum noted.
“He just looked over here again,” Peter said and got up from the table. “Excuse me,” Peter said as he walked over to a table where three men wearing button up shirts and ties sat laughing. “I couldn’t help noticing that you’re taking a lot of interest in what’s going on at my table.”
“Everything’s fine,” one of them said.
“Is there a problem?” the bartender cut him off.
“I think we’re okay,” another of the men said.
“No. These guys were,” Peter began.
The bartender didn’t let him finish. “I think you and your friend should be leaving.”
“That’s exactly what we were about to do,” Peter announced loud enough for the whole bar to hear. Peter walked to the door while the bartender escorted the bum from the table.
“It’s starting to rain,” Peter objected when the bartender and bum got to the door.
“Not my problem,” the bartender said.
“You can’t throw us out in the rain.”
“I can throw you out into whatever I feel like.”
The bartender opened the door and Peter walked out followed by the bum.
“You didn’t even have to pay for the drinks,” the bum chuckled. 
“Now I’ve got to walk seven blocks in the rain to get to my car,” Peter grumbled as he stood under the awning that protruded just far enough from the building to shelter the two men from the pouring rain. He tried to think if he’d parked the car six or seven blocks away, and then tried to remember where he’d parked the car, or if he’d driven it at all.
“You can’t drive drunk,” the bum said.
“I’m not drunk. I just can’t remember where my car is. Who are you to tell me what I can’t do? Peter snapped. You’re a bum. I’m going home. I’ve got nowhere else to go.” He started to walk away in the direction that he assumed would lead him to his car.
“I know a place that’s not too far. Follow me.” The bum grabbed Peter’s arm and led him up the street and turned down an alleyway. 
“Wait here until the rain goes away,” the bum said pointing to a dry spot next to a dumpster. Peter leaned against the wall while the bum rummaged through the trash. He pulled out two pieces of cardboard and handed one to Peter.
“To sit on,” the bum explained. The storm picked up and the winds whipped through the alley. Peter sat on the cardboard next to the bum and wrapped his arms around his knees to try and keep warm.
“You aint even got a coat?” the bum asked. 
“I left it at my apartment,” Peter explained.
“Here,” the bum said shedding the dirty sports jacket. “Take this. Least I got long sleeves. You got to dress in layers when you live out here.”
“I can’t take your jacket,” Peter said. 
“Take it. It’s yours,” the bum insisted, holding the jacket out for Peter to take.
“I couldn’t.”
“Come on, someone’ll just give me another one. Probably a better one. People like us, we got to take care of each other. A gust of wind blew the lid of the dumpster open and it slammed shut startling Peter. The bum laughed. Peter accepted the jacket and put it on quickly. He leaned his head back against the wall and closed his eyes.
* * *
As the storm moved across the city Hannah stayed on the couch glued to the television. Andy stayed next to her, trying to convince her that her son would be fine, but she couldn’t make herself believe him. Maybe if he’d been able to explain meteorologically why the storm wasn’t affecting Lewis, she would have been convinced. She wished he could give her a logical justification. No matter how far-fetched, she would have believed it, so long as it had the façade of logic. 
She wished that he would try harder to convince her because she needed to believe that the storm had passed over her son. He didn’t. The weathermen on every channel had given up trying to explain the storm. Instead, they urged people to stay indoors and to leave phone lines open for emergency and relief workers. Hannah sat on the couch, overcome by worry, until the power went out. Even then she didn’t get up or acknowledge Andy’s presence, but stayed on the couch completely alone staring out into the darkness.
Part III

Chapter 1
Lewis managed to survive the rain and only incurred a slight sniffle. With the help of the older boys, he’d even found most of his gear the next day before everyone turned back to the vehicles. His tent had gotten tangled up in driftwood, and his sleeping bag had washed up on the shore about a mile down the river. But his boots and flashlight were lost forever, and he’d had to hike to the location where they met up with the vehicles wearing borrowed sandals. However, when Hannah went to pick him up, she couldn’t find anything but pure excitement in him. 
Nevertheless, she told Luke that her son wouldn’t be a part of any organization with such incompetent leadership. Peter called her to object, but she remained resolute, and Peter had been willing to wait until after the matter of joint custody had been resolved to press the issue.
As for the legal entanglement, the judge made it clear that he was very hesitant to separate a child from his father. He seemed very sympathetic towards Peter, and Peter, along with not a few others, felt sure that he would win joint custody of Lewis despite his unemployment and drinking problem. But in the end the case came down to biology. So after Hannah’s testimony and a simple blood test the judge had no option but to leave the child with his mother. Thomas and Julia had both been asked to testify, but neither of their testimonies seemed to have any weight at all when the judge handed down his decision. 
Peter had been devastated, just as Hannah had anticipated, and considered asking Luke if he could crash at his place. However, as he approached his brother he felt certain that he’d overheard Luke saying something to the effect of, “He’ll never be able to pay off his legal expenses.” Peter left the courthouse in a hurry. Hannah followed him to the liquor store with Lewis sitting in the car next to her.
“You need to see why you can’t be with Peter,” she’d said, as Peter walked out with an open bottle and sat down on the curb to take a drink. 
“I don’t know if Lewis really comprehended what was happening,” she’d told Abigail that night over the phone.
“You’ve got to be careful with kids,” Abigail answered. “They might not understand what’s being said, but that doesn’t mean they don’t understand everything that’s going on.”
* * *
Jessica left Thomas for someone else shortly after spring break. She’d insisted that they’d never officially gotten back together, but Thomas still felt a deep sense of betrayal and abandonment.
“We’re just not right for each other,” she told him when he’d insisted on an explanation. He ended up going to a party with Robert and Clint the next night. He hadn’t really enjoyed himself, but he didn’t turn them down the following weekend when they wanted him to go with them to some new club. He let himself get lost in their lifestyle, vowing that he would start his experiment as soon as the next semester began. The “B” that he’d gotten on his philosophy paper did little to motivate him.
“I need to wait until I have at least a year of college under my belt before I start something so ambitions,” he would tell himself as he struggled to get out of bed on Monday mornings.
* * *
About a month after the custody battle, Peter and Hannah found themselves back in the courtroom, this time with the insurance company. The lawyer for the insurance company presented a strong case for arson, based on the fire department’s testimony on how the fire must have gotten started, and Hannah didn’t seem to put up much of a fight. 
“I don’t think Peter would do something like that, but we were both under a lot of pressure at the time, so I guess anything could be possible,” she’d said.
In the end she dropped the case and Peter didn’t have enough money left to continue paying the lawyer. He wanted to continue to fight, but in the end he conceded the matter. He remained convinced that Hannah had wanted to lose because she knew that not receiving anything for the house would affect him more than her. 
* * *
Julia came back from her trip to Mexico with a renewed resolution to live her life for other people. She wrote another entry in her diary about the importance of living for others, both for the good of society, and for her own sake. She also put on a superb performance in the school play, which only her mother came to watch. 
Julia visited her grandfather often, and on one occasion she’d snuck him a knife and several blocks of wood. 
“I’ve read enough. I’m done tryin’ ta live through other men’s words,” Abraham had said. “I’m tired of learnin’ how I ought ta have lived an’ I want ta get started doin’ it. Do me this favor. Go down ta that hardware store up the road an’ get me a good knife an’ some wood. Susie won’t care an’ I’ll keep it hidden from the rest a’ ‘em without any trouble. You remember when you were a little girl how I used ta let you eat ice cream, even when you’re dad said you couldn’t have any. You know why I did that? It was ‘cause I knew that a little taste a’ goodness wasn’t goin’ ta hurt you. I’m just askin’ you ta do the same fer me now.”
Julia hadn’t needed any explanation, and went that same day to the hardware store and bought him a small knife and several blocks of wood.
Sara’s parents had convinced Julia to stay with them throughout the summer until she left for college. She’d agreed to live with Thomas when she got there in order to help with rent, and they found a small apartment off campus that they moved into a week before the fall semester began. Neither of them had felt comfortable living together at first, but warmed up to each other once classes started and life found its rhythm. Julia offered to pay for all of the rent based on the rather large sum of money that she’d received from Abraham—a down payment as he’d called it—but Thomas turned her down, insisting that he pay his fair share. Neither of them mentioned the subject afterwards.
* * *
Lewis moved in with Hannah and moped around the house most of the time. Tommy Johnson didn’t come over as much, not because of any falling out between the two of them, but simply because of geography. 
“It’s not that I don’t want you to go over to Tommy’s house,” Hannah had tried to explain, “but it’s too far away for me to drive all the way over there, drop you off, and then go back to pick you up.”
Lewis hadn’t said anything then, but the look he’d given her had been enough to persuade her to buy out her lease and find a small house outside the city so that he could go to the same junior high as everyone else from his sixth grade class. It only took Hannah an evening to box up everything she owned and relocate all of her belongings from Abigail’s place to the rental house she’d leased.
She continued to see her doctor regularly to “monitor her progress,” and he turned out to have been right about there being no need to worry about that three percent, so she redirected all of her worrying onto Lewis.
“He’s just having a hard time adjusting to being in junior high,” Andy had assured her. Hannah found herself wanting to believe him, but still couldn’t accept such an unproven theory. Even after the move, Tommy Johnson didn’t come over nearly as much as he had in the past. She asked Lewis if they’d had a fight, but he told her that Tommy now went by Tom and insisted that everything was fine between the two of them, so she stopped pestering him. 
After she had watched Lewis spend the entire summer moping around the house, Hannah broke down and bought him a magic kit that included a few decks of cards, coins, a top hat, and a thick book that explained how to perform countless tricks. He hadn’t shown any excitement when she brought it home for him, but he’d spent all of the following day practicing in his bedroom.
Hannah tried in vain to understand a cause for Lewis’s newfound melancholy other than the recent dissolution of her marriage to Peter.
“He should be a happy kid. You don’t think that Peter and I could be the only reason for all of this, do you?” she asked Abigail one evening.
Abigail had assured her that Lewis was only going through a phase and that he would adjust to his new surroundings soon. Despite her constant vigilance and probing inquiries, Hannah had no idea that Lewis had spent the rest of the school year trying to understand what it meant to be Summer Wallburn’s boyfriend, and most of his summer vacation thinking about her and waiting for school to start so he could see her again, in spite of all the uncertainty she produced in him.
* * *
Peter still hadn’t found a job; he still hadn’t moved into a new apartment or replaced the decaying couch that had become a permanent fixture in his living room. He hadn’t found any reason to get up from that couch and do something with his life either. When he’d gotten back from his cold wet night huddled next to that bum in the driving rain, he’d made a brief attempt to turn his life around. He began going to job interviews and making a point to eat more healthy foods. He’d even decided to stop drinking altogether. And for a few weeks it appeared that he’d done a marvelous job of pulling himself back together.
“I’ve never seen you like this; you look genuinely happy,” Luke had said. “I never thought that with everything that’s happened to you over the past few months that you could turn your life back around, but you’ve done it.” Debra agreed. And the new Peter Manchell managed to survive longer than anyone had thought.
But after the results from the blood test came in, the new Peter seemed to disappear overnight. The old demons had been waiting for an opportunity to creep back in, and when they did Peter found his life worse off than it had been before. He drank more, considerably more, and found himself even more dominated by apathy; it seemed almost oppressive at times. He ate nothing but junk food and microwave dinners and put on almost twenty pounds between May and August. In the end he found himself unable to repress even passing whims. He would have hated his life if he’d been capable of taking time to evaluate what it had become, but that would have required more thought and energy than he could muster.
“This is exactly what she wants,” he would mutter sometimes. That’s why she’s done everything. He hated Hannah for the blood test. “But it’s her ‘generosity’ that makes her evil,” he would tell himself. He didn’t tell anyone about that ‘generosity,’ and sloth didn’t allow him to continue with that line of thought. The laziness was like a parasite fighting for its continued existence in his life. It couldn’t exist without a viable host, and without Hannah’s ‘generosity’ Peter was a far cry from viable. Finding a distraction never proved too difficult, and so Peter never fully questioned Hannah’s motives, but the loathing for her continued to build in his subconscious.
* * *
Meanwhile, Abraham continued his existence in Grace Assisted Living Center, neither refusing to die, nor dying. Rather, he lay in his bed either reading, or whittling away on one of his blocks of wood with the knife that Julia had brought him.
Chapter 2
On the day Julia moved in with Thomas, her brother handed her a letter. “It arrived yesterday,” he told her. She recognized the return address and rushed into her room to open it. Several pages had been stuffed into the envelope along with a short note. She removed the note and read:

Dear Julia,
You should know that Susie is helping me write this. She’s helped me to write a lot lately, since you’ve been so busy with getting ready for college. I’m sending you my story. I’ve never told it to anyone, and these handwritten pages, which I’ve enclosed, are the only copy. If you wonder about your grandmother, and find yourself speculating about anything that might have happened between us, know that you’re right, even though I haven’t included any mention of those things. Those details aren’t part of this story.
I know that this story is told a little too simply, but it’s my story, and that’s the only way I know how to tell it. Susie asked me lots of other questions, but I told her that they weren’t part of the story and shouldn’t be included. Susie didn’t want to write that last bit about me never leaving, but I told her that that’s how the story would end, and she agreed, on the condition that either she or you be allowed to change the ending should it turn out to be false.
I also don’t want you to think that my story is completely true in the most literal sense. I wish that I could say that everything enclosed in these pages that I’m sending you had happened just as I have described them. But they are true in a much deeper sense. Everything that I’ve written has happened. It has all happened a million times over. There is nothing new under the sun. It’s only taken me a lifetime to realize it. I am sending you this story so that you might recognize that there is nothing new, though I believe that in many ways you already have.
Sincerely,
Abraham Thomas Manchell

Without moving, or a moment’s hesitation, Julia opened the handwritten manuscript and continued to read.

The Community Garden:
When my wife died I thought that my life was over. My own health had been in a state of steady decline for several years, and I lived all alone in a small house situated on the outskirts of a small suburb of a large city. I spent the first year after her death puttering about in that empty suburban house, waiting for my heart to give out or for a blood clot to find its way to my brain. But months slipped away, and, against all probability and my own desire, my health neither improved nor worsened.
I didn’t visit the cemetery at all during that first year, but on the first anniversary of her death I took two Easter Lilies to the plot of ground where her body had been laid. I set them on fresh grass in front of her marker and knelt down in front of the chiseled stone slab.
“You always liked lilies,” I said to the gravestone. “I know that they’ll wither up in a few days, if the wind doesn’t blow them away before that, but I wanted to bring you lilies all the same.”
I didn’t say anything else, and I didn’t linger long. But on the following day I woke up early and went to a nursery where I bought a few bulbs and a small gardening trowel. I spent that morning planting the flowers on the plot of dirt in front of my wife’s marker. If I’d been content to stop there then I might have gone back to puttering around my house for the remainder of my life. But the next day I went back to the cemetery to water the bulbs, and the day after that I went back to the nursery to pick out another type of flower to plant. I had soon developed the habit of going out to her marker each morning to tend the small flower garden that I’d planted. I was always careful to avoid being noticed by the caretaker, but I couldn’t keep my work a secret when the plants began to sprout. The caretaker, perhaps moved by sympathy, took it upon himself to call my son, and let him know how I had begun spending my mornings. That evening I received a call from my son, who tried to explain why the cemetery couldn’t allow me to continue planting flowers on their premises. 
The next day, when I made my daily pilgrimage to my late wife’s gravestone the caretaker met me at the entrance and informed me that I would not be permitted onto the premises if I insisted on continuing with my garden. I returned home, and I drove out of the small suburb and into the large city. I drove up and down the city blocks, until I found something that caught my eye. I stopped the car next to a sizeable plot of land and got out. A “For Sale” sign stood in front of the burned out remains of what had once been a home. Later I would have time to speculate if maybe I hadn’t left that morning with the intent of finding that exact piece of property; later I would have time speculate about a great many things. But that evening I called the number listed at the bottom of the sign and offered to pay the realtor’s asking price in cash on the following Monday. The realtor of course needed more time, but the transaction went through, and I began work on the last great undertaking of my life.
I’d shown up at the closing in overalls, and began working that same day, clearing away everything that I could with my hands. The next day I hired a construction crew to break up and remove the old foundation—it’s amazing how timely a construction crew can be when the price is right—and by Wednesday I could begin in earnest. I’d considered renting a tiller, or some other kind of heavy machinery to clear the land, but I couldn’t warm up to the idea. Instead I arrived at the naked plot of ground with gardening gloves and a spade. It would take me the rest of the week to pull up every weed, and patch of grass by hand, but time had lost its power over me. On Friday I even shed the worn gardening gloves, wanting to feel each thorny prick, and the fresh dirt beneath my fingernails. I noticed that the people who passed by my plot of ground took long glances at my labor, but they continued on their way and didn’t bother me with questions.
On Saturday my son called, saying that he’d noticed a large deduction from the retirement account. I assured him that everything was fine, but declined to answer further questions related to the matter. On Sunday I traveled into the city early. There was something about Sunday that felt so alive and vibrant, and I began planting the seeds that I’d purchased months ago but never had the opportunity to put in the soil. The next day I watered them, and I continued to travel into the city to tend the small flower garden almost every day, staying in only to avoid inclement weather. On days when there was little to be done I would take a book and sit down on the fresh earth and read all afternoon. Soon enough the flowers began to bloom. They grew up in a tangled mess and a montage of colors; nevertheless, they exuded a sense of warmth and well-being against the dreary concrete backdrop.
My son called again, this time to inform me that he’d found out what had been done with the money and gone by to see the vacant plot.
“Did you like it?” I asked.
“It looks like you overpaid for it,” my son answered.
“It’s not about the money,” I explained. “You know what your mother used to say?”
“What?”
“You have to go to the people who need help. You can’t expect them to swallow their pride and come to you.”
“So what are your plans? Are you going to clear out all the growth and build a new house? If you wanted to move to the city you could have called and I would have helped you get settled into a nice place in a better neighborhood.
I said that I had no intention of building anything or of moving to the city. “All that growth is my garden,” I explained.
“Well don’t go getting senile,” my son answered, and hung up the phone.
One day, some time after the phone call, I was sitting in my garden reading my book, and a youth from the neighborhood paused momentarily as he walked past the plot.
“Hey,” the youth called out from the street.
I looked up from my book.
“What are all these flowers for?” the youth asked.
“They’re for you, and everyone else,” Abraham answered.
“Man, aint nobody in this neighborhood need flowers,” the youth exclaimed. “People here need food. Why cain’t you plant some vegetables or something useful?”
I couldn’t think of an answer, and before I could formulate one the youth had dismissed me and turned to walk away. But the next day I bought new seed and began to work again. I dug out almost all of the flowers, leaving only those that ran around the perimeter of the garden and set to work planting vegetables. On the next rainy day, instead of reading on my couch, I made a simple wooden sign that said in red paint: “Community Garden” and then made another that read: “Feel Free To Take Anything You Want.”
As the first of the tomatoes began to turn color I placed the two signs next to the curb. In time the corn, watermelon, squash, and zucchini came in, but nobody ever came into the garden or took any of its produce. I sat on the little bench that I’d placed in the back corner of the garden and, when the weather was favorable, I would spend entire days reading and waiting for someone to come into my little garden. Mothers would walk by with their children, and I would hope that they would stop to pick some of my fresh vegetables, but they never did. One child pleaded with his mom to let him stop and get something.
“But the sign says that they’re free,” he insisted.
“Be quiet,” his mother answered in a harsh, yet hushed tone. “You don’t know what that man might have done to them. There could be drugs or poison inside for all we know. Her scornful eyes met my own for a moment before she whisked her child away.
Another mother told her child that he couldn’t have anything because the food was meant for bums and hobos. I had gotten up from my bench to explain to her that the garden was for anyone who wanted something to eat, but she waved me off and quickly turned her back.
Occasionally a bum would pass by and take something from the garden. I noticed a vagrant looking both ways, as if making sure that the coast was clear, before then stepping quickly into the garden and plucking a tomato that had been planted close to the street. He hid it beneath his tattered jacket and hurried away. When he saw me sitting in the back of the garden he quickened his pace. I kept an eye on the man, as he pulled the tomato out from its hiding place and took a large bite, as if it were an apple. The man’s face curled up in disgust and he spit out what he’d bitten off and threw the rest of the tomato on the street. I heard him mutter something indistinctly as he walked away, and while I couldn’t be sure, I felt that the bum had said something about only eating cheeseburgers.
One day, while I sat in the garden reading and waiting, the youth who had suggested that I plant vegetables walked by. I called out to him and walked out to the curb to meet him as he passed.
“I’ve planted vegetables for anyone who wants them,” I told the youth.
“Man, what you think we’re some kind a’ charity case o’ sometin? Aint nobody up in here need your help. We’re all doing jus’ fine witout you butting in.
“But I thought you,” I began.
“Man forget this,” the youth interrupted and continued his saunter down the street.
One evening about a week after my encounter with the youth I arrived at my garden and found all of the fruits and vegetables gone. I would have been thrilled, were it not for the spray paint that coated the ravaged plants.
“I am doing this in her memory,” I told myself. “And she wouldn’t be fazed, so I can’t be either.” And I set to work that day tending the garden just as I would have done on any other day.
My gardening continued in this fashion for about a year. And every time I was almost ready to give it up, some stranger would happen by and take some lettuce for a salad, or a watermelon for a picnic. And although the percentage of food that people took for consumption paled in comparison to the amount that rotted in the garden, those few people gave me the fortitude I needed to continue leaving my house each morning.
One morning a man pulled up to the curb in an SUV and asked me if I were the owner of the plot. I told him that I was and invited him to take anything that caught his eye. The man stepped out of his vehicle, took a zucchini, and looked at it as if he weren’t quite sure what it was that he held in his hand. He thanked me for my hospitality, but quickly added, “I came here because I have a business proposition for you.”
I didn’t respond, but the man continued, “I want to buy this plot of land to build a small apartment complex.”
I still didn’t respond.
“I’d be willing to pay you a fair price.”
Still no response.
“I know what you paid for it a year ago and I’d be willing to give you thirty percent more than that,” he offered.
“It’s not for sale,” I finally said.
The man shook his head and got back into his SUV.
Not long after that I began receiving complaints from people who claimed that produce from my garden was being used to pelt their homes and storefronts. Then my son called, insisting that I take the offer. “You have to also consider zoning,” my son had said. “I checked and the land is zoned for multi-family residence. That means that you might not be allowed to use the land for agriculture.”
Still, I held firm. I continued tending the garden until the illness set in. At that point everything happened very quickly. I’d woken up one morning and had trouble breathing. I called an ambulance and asked that I be taken to the hospital. If I’d foreseen the chain of events that call would set in motion I might not have ever made it. I spent over two weeks in the hospital, where doctors prodded and poked me incessantly, and a high fever brought me to the brink of delirium and made it almost impossible for me to keep track of the days. My son came to visit twice during that time, and on the second visit he told me that they had decided to put me in an assisted living center. I insisted that I would rather die in peace lying on my own bed, but I seemed to have no choice in the matter. 
“At least let them take me by my garden before they lock me up,” I pleaded.
“I’m afraid they can’t do that,” my son told me.
“It’s not that far out of the way, and I just want to see it one last time.”
“Dad, they can take you by the plot where it was, but while you were sick I had to manage your estate, and they’ve already begun work on those apartments.”
“You sold my garden and stole my money?”
“No I sold it for you. You still have all the profit. I know I told you that you’d overpaid for the land, but when you held out, the man who wanted to build the apartments offered almost double what you’d bought the land for. 
I stared at my son in disbelief.
“The doctors said that you weren’t mentally fit to handle your own affairs, so I had to take over,” my son explained. “If you get well enough that they allow you to leave the assisted living center you’ll be able to buy a huge plot of ground for a new garden.”
I didn’t answer. I knew that I would never get well, and that even if I did, it would never be considered well enough to leave. I didn’t say a word as my son drove me across the city, or as the receptionist at the assisted living center kindly showed me to my room and helped me into my new bed.
Chapter 3
“So who have you told about your little experiment?” the stranger asked Thomas.
“Nobody,” Thomas answered. “If anybody knew it would ruin everything. I have to be able to go through with it without anybody having the slightest idea.”
“You should at least tell her.”
“Julia?”
“Yes. That way you would have somebody to vouch for you when you’ve finished. Otherwise, who will believe you when you say that everything you’ve done was part of an experiment?”
“I don’t need anyone to believe me.”
“It wouldn’t hurt to tell your sister though,” the stranger insisted.
“Not even her. I’d thought about letting her in on it for that reason, but telling her would be the worst thing I could do.”
“I know. I only suggested it to make sure you wouldn’t cave in and say something to her. So remind me why you’ve chosen this path over killing yourself?”
“It’s not instinctual to kill oneself. The whole point is to prove Nietzsche’s statement that we only act perfectly when we act instinctually.”
“So the only question that remains is whether or not you can really go through with it,” the stranger mused.
“Of course I can,” Thomas answered. “You don’t really think I’m going to break down and start conforming. I’ve been preparing for these next few days for months, and I’m ready to go through with them.”
“I know you can get through the first half of your little experiment,” the stranger said calmly. “Everyone can act instinctually. I’m questioning your ability to complete the second phase. If you can’t finish the experiment, then everything will be lost, completely meaningless. And I worry about how traumatizing that might be for you. Wasn’t it Nietzsche that said something about the truth being ugly?”
“Don’t worry about me,” Thomas said firmly.
“I’m sure you’ll be fine. You’d better get some rest,” the stranger suggested. “It looks like you’ve got a big day ahead of you.”
Thomas was trying to understand what the stranger had meant when his sister’s voice called him back to reality.
“Thomas!” Julia yelled.
Thomas opened his eyes and rolled over in his bed.
“Thomas!”
Julia’s voice came from behind the closed bedroom door.
“You’re going to be late for class,” Julia called.
“I don’t feel like going to class,” Thomas shouted in reply.
Julia opened the door to his room and walked through the doorway.
“Are you sick?” she asked.
“No. I feel fine. I just don’t feel like going to class today so I’m not going.”
Julia looked surprised, but she didn’t say anything as she walked out and closed the bedroom door behind her.
* * *
“Thank you so much for finding a few minutes for me on such short notice,” Hannah said.
The woman who sat behind the desk had short brown hair, thin black glasses, and wore a modest beige blouse. To Hannah she looked like the model of what it meant to have it all together.
“It wasn’t any trouble to squeeze you in. So what is it that brings you here?”
“One of your clients recommended you,” Hannah began.
“No, no, no. I mean, why are you here?”
“I don’t really know if I can put my finger on it,” Hannah said. “I’ve just had a lot of instability in my life this past year, and wanted someone to help me sort everything out.”
“What kind of instability?” the woman asked.
“I’ve changed houses, gone from being married to being a single woman, and, well, a lot of things have changed. Basically I’ve been given the opportunity to start life all over, but I don’t know where to begin.”
“I see. Do you have children from your marriage?”
“Yes. We had four. Well three from my marriage and one who, well it’s a bit complicated.”
“And where do your children live?” the woman asked.
“Most of them are grown and out of the house, and Lewis, he’s my youngest, lives with me.”
“Does your ex-husband have custody or visiting rights?”
“My ex-husband isn’t even, well that’s where it’s all a bit complicated,” Hannah said.
“I understand.”
“I don’t even know what I’m expecting you to help me with. I feel like I’m just wasting both of our time.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” the woman said. “Most people don’t know what it is they need at first. That’s why you’re here. People go to doctors to find out what’s wrong as well as for treatment.”
“So do you think you can help?”
“Why don’t we schedule a full appointment for you. I’ve got an opening in the afternoon on Thursday if that works for you.”
“That’ll be fine,” Hannah said.
“Then I’ll go ahead and write you in. You can arrange a method of payment with my secretary on your way out.”
“Thank you so much,” Hannah paused. She glanced at the nameplate that sat on the dark wooden desk that separated her and the doctor. “Do you go by Jenny instead of Jennifer?” Hannah asked. 
“My clients usually call me Jenny,” the woman answered.
“Thank you, Jenny,” Hannah said and got up to leave.
* * *
Julia sat in the back of her freshman biology class. She didn’t know any of the one hundred and twenty-four students who occupied the classroom, but nobody knew her either, and she found comfort in the anonymity. She wasn’t taking notes, but would have had the professor said anything worth remembering. After the first day of class, Julia had completely given up on him covering any pertinent material. She occupied a seat in the lecture hall simply because she hadn’t realized that attendance policies don’t matter in classes that never take role. 
A woman in her mid-twenties came in late creating a small disturbance as she worked her way past the other students in Julia’s row and sat down in the empty seat next to her.
“Sorry,” she whispered as she pulled out an oversized notebook from her backpack and flipped through pages before beginning to furiously take notes. She glanced over at Julia’s empty notebook, as if hoping to write down any important information that had been covered in the first few minutes.
“Don’t worry, you haven’t missed anything,” Julia said.
Julia waited out the remaining forty-five minutes in silence while the woman next to her frantically scribbled words, as if her future would depend solely on the volume of her notes. When the professor dismissed the class, Julia gathered her belongings and followed the mob of students who were filing out of the classroom. 
“I’m Maggie,” said the woman who had come in late. Julia shuffled her feet down the crowded aisle. She didn’t want to turn around to acknowledge the woman, but didn’t have to since the woman had pushed her way through the crowd and now stood next to her.
“I’m Maggie,” the woman said again, as if Julia hadn’t heard her the first time.
“Good to meet you,” Julia said.
“What’s your name?” Maggie asked.
“Julia.” She wanted to lie, not because she disliked the woman, but because she’d found refuge in being overlooked.
“I saw on your schedule that we’re in the same lab, and then I remembered seeing you there last week.”
“Oh,” Julia said softly, afraid that her anonymity would be short-lived.
“We’re going to have to choose lab partners tomorrow, and since I don’t know anyone, and you’re always sitting by yourself, I thought that maybe we could be in a group together if that would be okay with you.”
Julia worked her way out of the classroom and into the more crowded hallways.
“Okay,” she said with resignation, and then pushed her way out of the doorway into the open air. She’d had a hard time adjusting to a huge campus at first. Her high school hadn’t been small, but she knew people there. A few of her friends had moved up with her and lived in the dorms on campus, but she never saw any of them. And, despite the fact that she’d introduced herself to what felt like hundreds of people, Thomas was the only person who knew her name. She’d felt small and insignificant at first, until she’d decided to embrace the anonymity.
Nobody knew her, and nobody cared about her past. She could be anything she wanted. If she smiled everyone would see her as a happy person, or if she pulled her hair back and walked with a brisk step, she could be studious. She could be the façade and nobody would ever see deeper than whichever exterior she decided to wear. 
Today’s exterior was the overwhelmed student in a hurry, whose only reason for not walking casually or talking with a friend was because she didn’t have time for such frivolities. The façade held up until she reached the small rental house that she’d leased with her brother and walked through the door. She’d managed to convince herself that she had too much on her plate and went to her room immediately to start working. She buried herself in textbooks and finished all of her reading for the next two days before Thomas got home.
She heard him turn on the television and went out into the tiny living room to join him. He flipped through the channels and stopped on what turned out to be some sort of ‘documentary’ on the playboy mansion.
“You’re not really going to watch this?” Julia asked.
“This is what I feel like watching,” Thomas replied.
“Come on. Let’s watch something else, anything else.”
“This is what I feel like watching and if you don’t like it you can do something else.”
Thomas’s attitude took her aback. She exhaled sharply as she got up from the chair and walked back to the kitchen.
* * *
Lewis had sat in the living room waiting on his mother to get home so he could show someone the magic trick he’d spent the afternoon perfecting. 
“Hey mom,” he said when Hannah got home from her appointment. “You wanna see me make this quarter disappear?” 
“Do you have to show me right now?” Hannah asked.
“It’ll only take a second.”
“Okay.” Hannah sat down on the couch and Lewis began his routine by having her examine the quarter.
“You just need to know that it’s a real, everyday quarter. Now I’m going to wave my hand like this.” Lewis closed the quarter in his fist, which he rubbed furiously with his other hand.
“And look, it disappeared!” he exclaimed. Lewis opened his hand to show that the quarter had in fact vanished.
“That’s pretty good,” Hannah said, genuinely impressed. “How did you do that?”
“It’s magic,” Lewis said emphatically.
“I know it wasn’t magic. There’s always some sort of sleight of hand,” Hannah replied.
“All magic is really just deception,” Lewis answered. “None of it’s real. You just have to get good at tricking people.”
“So how did you do it?”
“A magician never reveals his secret,” Lewis said with dignified professionalism.
“So you’re not going to tell me?” Hannah asked.
“No. But I can make it reappear.”
“Okay let me see you make it reappear.”
Lewis rubbed his palms together and pressed his lips as if concentrating with all his might. Hannah waited. Lewis continued to rub his hands and finally gave up.
“I still haven’t gotten good at making it come back,” he said.
“If performing magic tricks isn’t for you then maybe you should take up something else,” Hannah suggested and then turned to leave the room.
“I think I’ve got it now,” Lewis called out after her.
Hannah turned around and Lewis had already begun rubbing his hands together.
“I was just rubbing too hard before,” he explained and then showed her the quarter that had magically reappeared in his palm.
“I’m impressed,” Hannah said and hurried back to her bedroom.
Lewis pulled out the instructions from his box of magic tricks, studied the trick until he felt certain that he could perform it flawlessly, and ran back to find his mother to show her, but she’d already escaped to her bedroom and closed the door behind her. Lewis stood in the hallway for a moment, wondering whether or not he should knock on the bedroom door, but decided against it. He went to his own room, where he turned on the television that his mother had agreed to buy for him shortly after the judge’s verdict.
* * *
Thomas spent most of the day sitting in front of the television. He’d been right the night before; basing all of his actions solely on his passing whims, hadn’t been so difficult. He’d decided to force himself to do something that he didn’t want to do only in the evenings before bed, and then he would only step outside of his experiment long enough to record thoughts, feelings, and observations from the day. 
He got up from the television long enough to make a sandwich. As he sat back down he couldn’t be sure if he wanted to continue watching sitcoms, but he couldn’t think of anything else that he wanted to do, so he remained glued to the television set. After another thirty-minute program he felt almost sure that he didn’t want to watch any more, but he still couldn’t bring himself to get up.
“I know I don’t want to do my reading for classes or any of my other homework assignments,” he thought. Neither did he want to call anybody or go out and do anything. He didn’t know if watching a television show that he didn’t really want to watch would ruin the experiment, he hadn’t anticipated that problem. In the end he decided that because he continued to watch television purely out of an instinctive laziness that it would be okay.
When he felt tired he thought about getting up to record his observations, but couldn’t get up to do so. He continued watching television until he fell asleep in the living room. 
Chapter 4
When Thomas woke up in the morning he felt exhausted. He also felt sick, and as he walked into the bathroom he noticed that his dried out eyes were still red and irritated from staring at the monitor for so many hours.
“No more television,” he muttered to himself. He remembered that he still had an obligation to do whatever came most naturally to him for another day, and he resolved to go through with the experiment regardless of the consequences.
“I hope I don’t feel like watching any more television,” he thought as he brushed his teeth, wandered back into his bedroom, and collapsed on the soft mattress. Despite the prevailing feeling of fatigue, he couldn’t go back to sleep, so he lay there as time passed.
“I want to have a party,” he said out loud.
“What was that?” Julia asked from the hallway.
“Nothing.”
Thomas didn’t feel like asking Julia about having a party at their house, and he didn’t. He called Robert.
“We’re having a party at my house tonight,” Thomas said as soon as Robert answered.
“Dude, it’s only Wednesday,” Robert answered.
“I know but I don’t feel like waiting.”
“Okay. Do you think anyone else’s gonna come?”
“Invite whoever you want,” Thomas instructed. “This place is going to be packed.”
“It’s only the second week of class,” Robert cautioned.
“Who cares what week of class it is. That just means nobody’s going to have any tests or papers due.”
“I’ll call up Clint and invite the rest of the guys from the fraternity,” Robert said.
“Invite everyone.” Thomas hung up the phone and looked for another number to call. 
* * *
“You’re not going to take your magic tricks to school are you?” Hannah asked. Lewis looked at her with hurt surprise.
“I wanted to show Tom,” Lewis finally answered.
Hannah didn’t know how to tell her son that she felt his magic tricks were a little juvenile for junior high. 
“So can I take my magic kit?” Lewis asked when she didn’t respond.
“Of course. I just don’t want you to lose anything.”
“Do you want to see the trick I was trying to do yesterday? I can do it really good now.”
“Really well,” Hannah corrected. “And you can show me today after work. Now finish getting ready so we can leave.”
* * *
When Julia walked into her biology lab Maggie waved to her from one of the back tables. She wore a frilly pink shirt with a low cut that revealed an attractive figure. She also wore so much makeup that Julia couldn’t help noticing globs of eyeliner and mascara from across the room. Julia didn’t want to sit next to her, but she wanted to cause a scene even less. She walked past two boys who looked her over as she sat behind them, next to Maggie. The teaching assistant arrived fashionably late and instructed everyone to get into groups of four. Almost immediately, the two boys sitting in front of Julia turned around and suggested that they form a group.
“I’m James,” one of them said before Julia could think of a polite way to turn them down. He extended his hand to Maggie before turning to Julia. 
“And I’m Tyler,” the other one said. “What’re your names?”
The girls introduced themselves and didn’t object as they boys sat down next to them. From the front of the room, the teaching assistant explained what everyone would be doing.
“Do either of you have the notes from yesterday?” James asked.
Julia continued to focus on the monotone voice coming from the front of the room.
“I’ve got them,” Maggie offered.
“Do you think we could get together sometime so I could copy those?” James suggested.
“Sure,” Maggie said.
The teaching assistant finished his instructions and left the room.
“Do you think we could get together tomorrow night?” James asked. “I know a little diner where we can meet, and I’ll get you something to eat in exchange for you helping me with the notes.”
“That sounds great,” Maggie said.
Julia refrained from rolling her eyes. “I guess you’ll need the notes too,” she said to Tyler.
“No, I’ve got them,” he answered.
“I see. Can we get to work now?”
At Julia’s suggestion the boys opened their notebooks and stared intently into them.
“So how should we start?” James finally asked.
* * *
“Hey Thomas,” Robert said over the phone. “I talked to all the guys and they’re stoked about having a party at your place.”
“So you’ll be over here tonight?”
“It’s just that everyone’s saying that Thursday would be better.”
“Thursday’s no good,” Thomas objected.
“I hear you, and if you want, me and Clint don’t have any problems with coming over today and Thursday, but all the other guys are saying they’ve got classes or something stupid like that.”
“Fine.” Thomas hung up the phone and sat back down in front of the television. He found the remote on the floor next to him and resumed flipping through the channels.
* * *
After enduring two hours with James and Tyler, Julia tried to escape the lab as soon as they finished their report.
“Julia,” Maggie called out.
Julia pretended not to hear her and picked up her pace. She wanted to help people like Maggie, but now that the opportunity presented itself, she couldn’t see past the woman’s frivolity and neediness. But she felt something for the poor woman, and that emotion that so closely resembled pity caused her to slow her step.
“Julia,” Maggie said again, this time from much closer. 
Julia fixed her eyes straight ahead, but her legs stopped moving altogether.
“Hey Julia,” Maggie said a third time. She’d managed to catch up and now stood alongside Julia.
“Oh, hi Maggie. What do you need?”
“Did you notice what was going on during lab?” Maggie said. “I think James is interested in me.”
“Really?” Julia tried to sound incredulous.
“I think that’s the real reason why he wants to meet me tomorrow night.”
“Maybe,” Julia said dryly.
“He’s pretty good looking, don’t you think?”
“Yeah.” Julia tried to sound distant, and at the same time she felt a twinge of sympathy for Maggie. “You know I’ve got another class, so I’ll see you next week I guess.”
“Wait, I wanted to ask you if you knew of a babysitter,” Maggie interjected.
“A what?”
“I just need someone to watch Jimmy.”
“Jimmy?”
“Well his real name is James. He’s my son,” Maggie explained casually. “So do you know any babysitters?”
“Why would you think that I would know any babysitters?” Julia asked defensively. “I’m sorry,” she added, “I didn’t mean to come across like that. But I don’t know any babysitters.”
“I just need someone who seems reliable. I’m new here, and I haven’t found a reliable babysitter. That’s the most important thing you know.”
“What?” Julia had no idea what Maggie was trying to tell her.
“That a babysitter be reliable.”
“I don’t know anyone.”
“Do you think that maybe you could watch him,” Maggie asked sheepishly. “I mean just for this Thursday, until I can find a permanent babysitter. I mean you seem like you’d be reliable.”
“I’ve got something to do on Thursday,” Julia said instinctively.
“Maybe I could give you my phone number just in case.”
Julia started to explain why that wouldn’t be necessary, but Maggie had already begun to scribble on a small piece of paper that she’d torn out of her notebook.
“Thanks so much,” Maggie said as she handed Julia the number and hurried off.
* * *
Lewis entered the cafeteria with his head up, surveying the rows of tables for Tom. He didn’t find his friend but noticed Summer sitting by herself. They hadn’t spoken in months. Lewis hesitantly took the seat across from hers. She looked up and smiled sheepishly. Lewis tried to think of something to say. When nothing came to mind he alleviated the awkwardness of the situation by stuffing his hamburger in his mouth and taking an abnormally large bite.
“Do you think we’re still going out?” Summer asked.
Lewis chewed slowly to delay having to respond. When he’d swallowed he thought about filling his mouth again. He didn’t know why he felt the urge to avoid the conversation.
“Well?” Summer asked.
“I guess,” Lewis said.
“I didn’t know because we never did anything, and you didn’t call me over the summer or anything, and we haven’t even talked once.”
“What are we supposed to do?” Lewis asked.
“I don’t know, something.”
“Maybe we could go to a movie. I can ask my mom to take us.” The response came more naturally than Lewis had anticipated, and he felt that he might have breached the unknown barrier that had held him back for so long.
“Lewis, I didn’t know we were still together. I met another boy over the summer at the swimming pool. You never talked to me after you became my boyfriend. And when you didn’t call, I thought it was okay.”
“Oh,” was all Lewis could manage to say. He looked back at his cafeteria tray and took another large bite.
“And I was kind of saving that seat for him,” Summer continued.
Lewis finished his bite. “Should I go?” he asked.
“I don’t know,” Summer answered. “I guess you should.”
Lewis slipped back into his old familiar awkwardness as he picked up his tray and pushed his chair back from the table. He scanned the cafeteria again for Tom, and then for anyone who looked familiar. He realized that Summer was still sitting in front of him, and he almost tripped over his chair as he took a step back. He scanned the cafeteria again, this time looking for any open seat. He glanced back at Summer one last time. Her confused eyes seemed to be saying, “I’m sorry,” or “I don’t know what else to do,” or some combination of the two. Lewis tried to forget them as he rushed to an open chair and sat down at the crowded table, surrounded by strangers.
“Can I sit here?” Lewis asked one of the older boys.
“Don’t bother me none,” the boy said emphatically.
Lewis sat down and tried not to make eye contact with anyone at the table.
“What’s your name?” one of the girls asked.
Lewis shifted in his chair before answering her.
“Are you a seventh grader?” another boy asked.
Lewis told them that he was.
“So you’re new here?” the girl asked.
“Yeah.”
“Why don’t you hang out with us after school,” she offered.
One of the boys put his hand on her shoulder and whispered something in her ear. Lewis couldn’t tell what he’d said, but by his grave expression it seemed to be something of the utmost importance.
“It’s all right,” the girl answered. “He’s cool.” Then looking at Lewis she asked, “You’re cool right?”
“Sure,” Lewis answered.
* * *
After her lunch break Hannah hurried back to the office, despite having ample time. Due to constant distractions she hadn’t left for lunch until well after two o’clock. Now the wall clock indicated that it wasn’t quite three. 
“I still had plenty of time,” she thought as she briskly walked down the hall and into the small room where she spent most of her life.
The hurry had become a pattern, ingrained into her psyche after so many years of deadlines and schedules, but in recent months she needed it. The flashing light on her answering machine greeted her. She pressed the button and listened as she organized her desk.
“Mom, I’m going over to a friend’s house after school,” said Lewis’s voice. Hannah deleted the message and slipped out of her high heels.
“Hannah, it’s Andy again. I don’t know why you haven’t been returning my calls. I really thought that we had something going for us, some kind of a connection, and, well, I guess you don’t want to talk about it, but if you do, or if you need anything, I’d love to talk with you. So you can call me at . . . but you have the number. So have a good day, and I really hope to hear back from you.”
* * *
“She was such an idiot,” Julia explained to Thomas who sat in the living room watching television.
“I thought you were going to live your whole life helping people like that,” Thomas retorted.
“But she’s,” Julia began. 
“You don’t have to explain,” Thomas interrupted. “I just remember when you came back from Mexico you went on and on about how you were going to always help people when they were in need.”
“Don’t rub it in.” 
“From what you’ve told me, it’s not hard to imagine how she got knocked up in the first place,” Thomas said. “So it’s not like she really deserves help. It’s not like someone who got pregnant from rape or whose husband left her. What was it you said about that? ‘You’ve got to love people who are the most unlovable.’ That of course means unlovable people who aren’t idiots.” 
“It’s not like you’ve got any room to talk,” Julia fired back. “You used to go on and on about bettering society and now you’re just a,” she paused. “Well look at you.” Julia turned to leave, upset with herself for having gotten so defensive and furious at Thomas for being right.
“Don’t get upset,” Thomas answered as Julia stormed out of the room. “You can give up and be just like me,” he called out. “It’s really not so bad once you get used to it.”
“Julia barely heard this last comment as she pulled out her cell phone and the scrap of paper that Maggie had given her.
“What are you doing now?” Thomas asked as she walked back into the living room.
“Everyone always goes back on their convictions,” Julia answered as the phone rang.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I’m not going to be like you.”
“I’m telling you, once you realize that it’s all pointless, that horrible burden to always have to ‘do the right thing’ goes away and life gets so much easier.”
“Hello, is this Maggie?” Julia asked into the phone. “I was just calling to say that I would be able to watch your son on Thursday night.”
“Thank you so much.” Maggie almost squealed from excitement. “I promise this will be the only time. Oh I’ve got to decide what to wear. What do you think I should wear?”
“What time are you going to bring him over?” Julia asked.
“Do you think you could come over here to watch him at six?”
“You need me to go to your house?”
“I would bring him over, but my car’s in the shop because, well that’s a long story, but if you can’t come to my house I can try to find someone to drive him over to you.”
“No I can make it,” Julia said. She wrote down the address and hung up the phone.
“So how’s the whole sacrificing yourself to help other people working out for you?” Thomas asked from his chair in the living room.
“Shut up,” Julia answered.
“Do you feel like a martyr yet?”
“Not yet.”
“Well just wait a little while. It’ll come.”
“You know, lately you’ve been a real,” Julia started.
“A real what?”
“Forget it.” Julia slammed the door to her bedroom and collapsed on the soft mattress, completely exhausted.
“I see your friend Sara finally convinced you that there is a mystical spiritual being out there governing this meaningless universe,” Thomas remarked.
Julia heard the remark and came back into the room 
“No. You did,” she said.
“How do you figure?” Thomas asked. He felt a little uncomfortable initiating such a conversation, simply because he didn’t know if he really wanted to talk about such a sensitive subject with his sister. He wondered if continuing would be considered a violation of his experiment. But it was too late.
“You convinced me with all of your preaching,” Julia answered. “You convinced me that as bad as all of us are, there’s still some goodness, and there has to be some reason for that.”
“You still don’t understand the basic concept of social,” Thomas began.
“I understand.” Julia raised her voice to cut him off. “What you don’t understand is that if there wasn’t a reason for all of these ‘social constructs’, then nobody would have ever survived long enough to invent them.”
“Unless they evolved as innate instinct,” Thomas objected. He wanted to end the conversation for Julia’s sake. He knew she couldn’t win and that going any further would only push her away. He didn’t want that, he wanted to apologize and find some way to make up for everything he’d ever done to her. But his instinct overrode his real desire. He paused long enough to observe this new paradox, the inner war that he’d never noticed before that moment, but that must have always existed.
“I don’t know what I believe,” Julia said. “But I know that you’re wrong. I just know it, and I don’t know how, but I know it. I know it.”
Thomas reminded himself that the experiment mandated that he follow his instinct. He decided that he could add another two days onto the experiment to do whatever he truly desired if he felt that this new parameter would be necessary. In the meantime he decided to ignore the realization that his instincts were impeding him from acting on his real desire.
“Is that the best you can come up with?” He’d really meant to hold back, but the sneer in his voice horrified Julia.
“You’re not my brother,” she said softly and fled from the room.
When Julia had closed the door she pulled out her cell phone and redialed Maggie’s number. She tried to tell herself that this wasn’t an act of desperation, but she couldn’t escape the sick feeling that had snuck into her stomach.
“Hello?” she said frantically when Maggie answered the phone.
“Julia?”
“Hey.” Julia took a moment to compose herself. “I was going to pick up some stuff from Wal-Mart and thought I’d call to ask if I could get you something.” 
* * *
“I can’t believe you wanted to use my cell phone to call your mom!” the girl exclaimed when Lewis hung up. He still didn’t know her name.
“Can we go now?” said another girl who hadn’t been at the table during lunch.
“Where are we going?” Lewis asked to nobody in particular. He looked around at the seven faces that had gathered in the school parking lot and now stared at him blankly.
“You sure you’re cool?” asked the grave faced boy.
“Yes,” Lewis answered sheepishly.
“You just ask a lot of questions,” said the boy.
“I’m sorry,” Lewis said. “I was just wondering. I don’t even know your names.”
“Why do you need to know our names?” the boy fired back. He turned to the girl who had stood up for Lewis earlier. “He’s asking a lot of questions.”
“It’s cool,” the girl answered. Then, looking at Lewis, she said, “My name is Tina, and this is . . .” 
“Call me Suds,” the grave faced boy said before Tina could introduce him.
“Don’t be such an idiot, Johnny, he’s just a seventh grader.” Tina said, putting emphasis on the word “Johnny.” “You remember what you were like last year.”
The rest of the crowd introduced themselves and told Lewis what grade they were in, but Lewis didn’t remember any names apart from the first two. He did note that they were all in 8th or 9th grade, except the girl who hadn’t been at lunch, and she was in tenth grade.
“So whose house are we going to?” Lewis asked again, directing his question to Tina.
“See, there he is with the questions again,” Johnny said.
“Shut up, Johnny,” one of the other boys said.
“I’m just saying that he might be looking to rat us out. What if he’s a spy or a mole or something?”
“He’s not a spy, and he’s not going to rat anyone out. You watch too much TV,” Tina said. Then she looked at Lewis and explained, “We’re going to my place because it’s just a few blocks away and my parents aren’t ever home.”
The group began its migration from the parking lot to the house. They seemed to meander, moving without any discernible purpose, some walking backwards to face those behind them and crack jokes that didn’t make any sense to Lewis, and others stopping to laugh loudly at them. They jumped up on the curb or did handstands as they made their way, and Lewis felt liberated by their carefree attitudes.
For the first time in several years Lewis didn’t feel uncomfortable. Their gruff demeanors, and encrypted speech intimidated him, but he didn’t want to go home. There was something about the easygoing attitude of the group that made him feel at ease, and the rigidity disappeared from his step, and he laughed at one of their jokes, without having the faintest idea why.
* * *
“I brought you the groceries you asked for,” Julia said cheerfully when Maggie opened the apartment door. 
“How much do I owe you?”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“No. I have to pay you for the groceries. I know I’m hard up, but I’m not a beggar, so just tell me how much.”
“I know you’re not a beggar, but it’s a gift. I want to give them to you.”
“Am I like a project for you or something? Is that why you were nice to me? Are you part of an organization that tries to help poor people? Because if you are then you’ve got the wrong person. I don’t want your charity.”
“No. It’s nothing like that.” Julia stepped back from the doorway, more than a bit confused.
“Then why? Why would you do this?”
Julia hesitated. “I didn’t know until just now,” she said after some consideration. “When I came here I thought it was because of a large amount of money I got recently. I’m supposed to do some good with it. I’ll admit that much. But that’s not why I came to you tonight.”
“Then why did you come?”
“Because you wanted me to,” Julia said. She hadn’t wanted to point out the obvious, but the words slipped away from her. “I’m sorry. That’s not really why I came,” she added hastily. “I came because I had to believe in something.”
“In what?” Maggie seemed confused now.
“In goodness. I had to believe that somewhere someone would do something good just for the sake of doing good. Don’t get me wrong. I’ve seen it before, but it’s been so long and seeing isn’t always believing. I had to see it again. And I wanted to help you.”
“I don’t know what to say,” Maggie stuttered.
“You don’t have to say anything.”
“I’m sorry I acted like that. I just got off the phone with my dad, and he wanted to take my baby because he didn’t think I could handle the responsibility. He said that I was a charity case and no kid should have to grow up on the gifts of strangers. He called me a tramp and careless, and he said it would have been better if I’d never had the baby.” 
Maggie’s ability to fight back the tears impressed Julia. She wanted to tell Maggie about Scott and that one particular afternoon. She wanted to tell her about the pills on the bathroom floor and about what she’d done to Jason. Jason, that was a name she’d avoided for months, ever since that night in Mexico in that fragile room. “I’m so guilty,” Julia thought. She knew that she would have to see him again, to try to explain. He deserved that much. The thought of the encounter sent shivers down her back. “Why can’t I face him?” she wondered.
“I’m sorry for going on about my problems,” Maggie said, breaking the silence that Julia hadn’t even been aware of. “You don’t want to hear about all of that. Do you want to come in?”
“Thank you,” Julia said, accepting her invitation. “I understand how difficult this kind of situation can be. You don’t have to believe me, but I know.”
Maggie looked at Julia skeptically for a moment, and then her features softened. “Do you want to meet my son? He’s sleeping but that’s the best time to meet him. He’s an angel when he’s sleeping.”
* * *
Abraham’s continued existence only served to baffle the doctors, who came by to monitor his progress more and more frequently in an attempt to try to understand how he’d managed to stay alive for so long when his condition had already advanced so far.
“It’s not ‘cause a’ clean livin’. I can promise you guys that much,” Abraham would say as they would leave his room and tell him to be sure to get plenty of rest.
Chapter 5
“I’ve had the same dream four or five times now,” Hannah said to her counselor. “The first time it was with Peter, and then Andy, but each time it’s been someone different. But I’m getting ahead of myself. I’m walking down an aisle in an old cathedral. It’s always a different cathedral, but they’re all gothic. The architecture is always spiraling and twisted, and there’s always a huge crucifix at the front, but it’s not like most crucifixes. The faces are always graphic and deformed, sometimes they’re not even human, and they’re always so full of agony. I don’t want to walk down the aisle but I have to. Oh, I almost forgot the most important part. I’m wearing a wedding dress, but it’s black, and there’s always someone different waiting at the aisle to marry me. Julia, and Thomas are waiting at the altar like a bridesmaid and a groomsman, and David is standing in the back. Once I tried to rush up to him to hug him, but no matter how fast I ran he was always in the back and I was always at the altar. I don’t know if you take to interpreting dreams, and I don’t want to bother you, but I just want to tell someone.”
Jenny sat still and waited.
“Anyway, Lewis comes with a ring, and the hurt confused expression on his face breaks my heart. But I take the ring from him and try to put it on my finger, but it doesn’t fit. And then, but this is all nonsense. I’m sorry for wasting your time. Here I am a grown woman talking about my dreams as if they had all the answers. You can forget everything I’ve said.”
“You know that David, my oldest son, is overseas,” Hannah said quickly to change the subject. “Sometimes it’s hard to remember him. Not that a mother would ever forget her son, but it’s been so long since I’ve seen him that it’s difficult to think of him. I mean it hurts me to think of that void that his absence has created. Sometimes I try not to,” Hannah finally admitted. She fidgeted despite her counselor’s inviting body language. “I think that’s part of my dream.”
“You try not to think of him?” Jenny asked, in what felt to Hannah like a tone of condemning shock. 
“Is it wrong? I mean, in your professional opinion, is it unhealthy for a woman to try not to think of her son in this sort of circumstance? I do think of him. I try not to, but I’m always thinking about what he’s doing over there, even when he doesn’t write for months. In one sense I feel like he’s only a memory to me. We were never really close when he lived with us, and when he graduated from high school he moved away, and we talked even less. Now so much has changed while he’s been gone. I’m afraid to think how he’ll react when he comes back.”
“And how did he take the news that you and Peter were separating?”
“He didn’t.”
“You mean you haven’t told him?”
Hannah wondered if Jenny’s condescending tone was only the result of her own self-condemnation clouding her perception. She reasoned that a professional like Jenny wouldn’t actually speak to her client in such a fashion, and she relaxed a little as she answered.
“I wrote to him and told him all about, well it was mostly drivel, but I couldn’t write about that. I hear that sometimes letters from loved ones are the only things that keep people in his situation motivated.”
“And Peter hasn’t mentioned anything to him either?”
“I don’t know. I don’t think he has.”
“Are you afraid that he’ll close you off completely?” Jenny probed.
“That’s what Thomas and Julia have done. I don’t understand why they take his side. Everything’s his fault. You know I’ve even been helping him out, and they still don’t visit me.”
“How are you helping Peter?” Jenny asked.
“I send him a check for $2,000 on the first of every month,” Hannah boasted.
“And why do you do that? Is it something you’re legally obligated to send him?” 
“I do it because,” Hannah began. She didn’t know why she’d decided to send her ex-husband $2,000 every month. 
“Is it because he’s the father of your children?”
“I don’t know why,” Hannah confessed.
“Could it be because you feel bad about the court decision, about Lewis?” Jenny prompted.
“No,” Hannah said firmly. “I know that’s not the reason. I don’t feel sorry for him. And I don’t do it because I feel obligated either.”
“So you really have no idea why you’re sending such a large percentage of your salary to your ex-husband on the first of the month.”
“I really don’t know why,” Hannah said. “I know that must sound strange, but I know that I don’t feel guilty or responsible, not towards him at least.”
“I understand,” Jenny said sympathetically. “We can talk about all of this next week. This time is good for you?”
“Of course,” Hannah said, realizing that she’d lost track of time and that her hour had ended ten minutes ago. “Do you have another appointment now?” she asked.
“I’ve got a little time,” Jenny answered.
“It’s just that I wanted to talk to you about one of your other clients, about Andy. I’m concerned for him because, well, you see he’s been leaving messages on my answering machine for a while now even though I haven’t returned a single call.”
“And why don’t you return his calls?” Jenny asked.
“I realized that we’re not compatible. He’s a great guy, but when I’m with him I don’t feel,” Hannah struggled to put words to the vague emotion that swept over her in Andy’s presence.
“This may be premature,” Jenny said before Hannah could finish her sentence, “but I think you’re going through a very lonely time in your life now, and if you don’t return Andy’s calls, then you’re going to need some kind of intimate friendship to help you get through this. It isn’t healthy mentally, or even physiologically, for someone to be completely isolated.”
“That’s just it,” Hannah said. “When we’re together we seem to click so well. He seems too perfect at times, but I still feel isolated when I’m with him.” 
“Are you giving him a chance?”
“I am. I did. It’s hard to feel all alone, but it’s unbearable to feel alone when you’re with someone else.”
“It sounds to me like you may need to give yourself more time,” Jenny stated.
“I think you’re right,” Hannah agreed.
“But then again it might be that you need to give him another chance. You don’t want miss out on a good thing because you weren’t ready for it yet. Most relationships come down to timing, and that’s a shame, but if you shut him out now because you’re not ready, you might miss out on a great opportunity.”
“Thanks for everything, Jenny. I feel like this is really helping, and there’s so much more I want talk about.”
“Well I’ll be here waiting on you next week at this same time.”
Hannah thanked Jenny one last time and got up to leave, she didn’t mention anything about Lewis arriving home late last night, with no explanation of where or with whom he’d been. Neither had she said anything to Lewis. 
“Maybe if we’d had some extra time I would have mentioned something about Lewis,” Hannah thought as she stopped at the receptionist’s desk to write a check. “Besides, he said he was with friends. My son spending time with friends isn’t really an issue for counseling. I should just be happy for him and not bother him with questions. And there isn’t really any need to mention it to Jenny.” 
As she exited the building she left behind all the worry and anxiety that her youngest son had caused her. By the time she got home, she couldn’t understand what had possessed her to feel so overly suspicious. 
* * *
“I see the Devil,” Thomas told the woman who sat across from him. “Wait don’t write that down!”
The woman had begun to scribble a note on her pad of paper, but at his request she put the pen down and looked at Thomas intently.
“I don’t see him with my eyes like he’s here in real life. It only happens in my dreams.”
“How long has this been happening?”
“Almost a year now. At first I only had those dreams from time to time, and I didn’t even want to call him the Devil because he looked just like anybody else. I mean he wasn’t a red imp with a pointy tail and pitchfork. All we did was talk. We always met in a coffee shop and discussed ideas. I didn’t give it any thought because I understood that it was only my mind trying to work out in its subconscious what it had been dealing with all day. After a while I knew that if I went to the coffee shop in my dream that he would be there waiting for me, and I had the choice of whether or not I wanted to go up onto the terrace and talk with him. I was in control.”
“But now you’re not?”
“No. He’s in all my dreams and not just at the coffee shop. He’s always there and I can’t make him go away. Sometimes I don’t want to go to sleep at night because I know he’ll be there waiting for me as soon as I do. He makes me do all sorts of things, but it’s not really him that makes me do anything, because deep down I want to do everything he suggests, but I need to be able to pretend like someone else is making me because I know I couldn’t ever do any of those things in real life.”
“What kind of things?”
“I don’t want to get into that. You’ll really think I’ve lost my mind.”
“How do you feel while you’re doing them?”
“I feel terrible, like I’m the worst person to ever live for even being able to consider . . . I wake up in the mornings and hate myself.”
“And you want me to give you something that will make him go away.”
“Not necessarily go away. I just want to be in control again, to only see him when I want to discuss something. Most of my best ideas came from those dreams, from my subconscious.”
“I can prescribe you something that will keep you from dreaming at all. Isn’t that better than being afraid of going to sleep?”
“Yes. It is now, but only for a little while. I don’t want to need medication to be able to go to sleep, but I can’t go on without some rest.”
“Of course,” the woman said. She pulled out a piece of paper and scribbled down a prescription.
* * *
When Julia got home that evening she found Thomas sitting on the couch absorbed in a text book.
“Catching up on everything you haven’t been doing?” she asked as she passed through the living room.
“There’s something I’ve got to explain to you,” Thomas answered. “It’s about the last few days. You see I’m in the middle of a social experiment, and that’s why I was acting a little differently.”
“Is it for a class or something?” Julia asked.
“No. It’s for me personally.”
“You mean it was for you personally.”
“I still have a few days left.”
“And you want me to overlook anything you do or say to me because it’s for the sake of your personal research. What kind of experiment is this?”
“I’m testing the validity of social norms by living two days only basing my decisions on instinct, and then living two days basing them on mainstream values. But I’m past the instinct phase. That’s why I’m telling you now.”
“To explain your bad behavior?”
“And because now that I’m in the phase where I have to base actions on social values I thought I needed to tell you. It seemed like the socially correct thing to do.”
Julia looked blankly at her brother. She didn’t know if she should believe any of what she’d just heard, but his patient expression suggested that she should take everything he’d said at face value.
“I’m leaving,” she said.
“We’re brother and sister,”
“But we can’t live together, not with all of your ideas and your experiments. I love you, but we’re too different.” 
“Maybe one of us should leave. I understand why you would want to move out, not forever, but at least until I’m done with this experiment. But now that I’m past the phase of breaking social norms, there shouldn’t be any more problems.
“Take the house,” Julia said.
“I promise, the worst of this is over,” Thomas restated.
“Thomas, don’t you understand anything. These next few days will be worse than anything you might’ve done in the first phase of your experiment.”
“I told you these are the days when I’m keeping the social norms.”
“And I could live with you so much easier if you kept living out of instinct. Try to see this from my point of view. Everything you do and say to me will be false. I won’t be able to trust anything you do. Every kind or sympathetic word, your whole life is going to be a sham, and if I stay you’ll drag me into it.”
“Don’t you think you’re overreacting? I’m going to be good for crying out loud.”
“No you’re going to try to be good.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“You can’t be good Thomas. No matter how hard you try you’ll come up short. But you’re not even trying to be good. You’re just trying to act good externally, and that’s even worse. Thomas, I’m so afraid for you, and whatever happens, I want you to know that I love you.”
“But I need you to stay. I need to be living in some kind of a normal social structure for the experiment to be valid.”
“And that’s why I have to go. Don’t worry or feel bad. And don’t be surprised when you find out that,” Julia paused. “Don’t let the truth surprise you.”
“You can be so melodramatic.”
“I’m serious, Thomas. It can be hard if you . . . Just know that I love you.”
“Maybe it would be better if you left, at least for tonight,” Thomas said.
“Why for tonight?”
“During the first half of the experiment, when I was doing whatever I wanted, I sort of invited a bunch of people over for a big party and it got pushed back to tonight. I was so busy focusing on following my whims that I didn’t think about how I was supposed to follow social norms with consequences left over from the first half of the experiment. And now that those consequences have spilled over into this phase, I don’t know what to do. It’s kind of a messy experiment, but it’s only for me personally. When I’m ready to publish the results I’ll tighten everything up and repeat the whole thing on a larger scale.”
“I need to clarify this,” Julia said. “You feel like you’re stuck apologizing to me because you weren’t thinking about how you were going to follow social norms?”
“That’s right,” Thomas answered. “You see I have an obligation to be respectful of your space and schedule, but I’m also responsible to all the people who have already been invited.”
“What about being completely inconsiderate of everyone else around you?” Julia blurted out.
“That’s the point. I couldn’t be considerate because I needed to see how breaking social . . .”
“Stop it, Thomas. I was talking about the whole concept of this experiment of yours. Did you ever stop to think that undertaking such a ridiculous experiment would affect everyone around you?”
“Of course I had to take that into consideration, but this is bigger than you or me. It’s only a very small step, but this will help to show that what’s right for one person might not be right for anyone else. This is to prove that whether we spend our lives breaking or keeping norms, in the end it doesn’t matter, that we don’t need artificial morality left over from western society’s antiquated mythical belief in a supreme being.”
“Then I am leaving,” Julia said. “I’ll start packing now.”
“I’ll be done in a few days,” Thomas called after her. He followed her as far as the doorway to her room. “At least tell me that you’ll come back in a few days when this is all over.”
“No, Thomas, I can tell that this isn’t ever going to end. Not for you. I’m packing and I’m leaving today. I’ll come back to get the rest of my stuff later.”
“Don’t be so melodramatic,” Thomas said cajolingly.
“Some actions are wrong, not just for me or you, but for everyone. And those actions have consequences. If you’d lived a day in the real world you’d know that.”
“And what do you know about the real world? One little trip across the border to see poor people and now you’re an expert?”
“Get out of my room!” Julia yelled. The emotion shocked Thomas enough that he obeyed. Julia watched as he hung his head and slunk down the hallway. She listened as his footsteps made their way into the kitchen. Then came more silence. After Julia finished packing the clothes that she’d pulled from her dresser drawer, she closed the suitcase and decided to apologize to Thomas. She found him staring into the refrigerator.
“I’m sorry,” he said when he noticed her standing behind him. “I shouldn’t have yelled at you or said any of those things.”
“Are you saying that because you’re sorry, or because you weren’t supposed to yell at people, and now that you have, apologizing is the right thing to do?” Julia asked.
Thomas paused.
“That’s why I have to go,” Julia said softly.
“I understand.”
Julia turned to leave but stopped. “Thomas.”
Thomas turned back toward her.
“I was pregnant.”
Neither of them said anything at first. Julia watched the realization seep into her brother’s features.
“I didn’t know,” he managed to say.
“Nobody did. But now I’ve got to finish packing.”
“You’re right. It’s best for you to go,” Thomas said again. “But I want you to stay. I can’t do this without you.”
“You want me to stay to help with your experiment?”
“I want you to stay to help me. You can go for tonight. That really would be best, but for me I need you to stay.”
“I can stay for you,” Julia said. “I’ll even stay tonight until I have to be at Maggie’s. I’ll stay for you, because I meant what I said about loving you.”
“That’s what I respect about you, Julia. You don’t believe that sacrificing for others will get you anywhere in life, and you do it anyway. Even if my admiration isn’t better or worse than my loathing, you’ve got it all the same. I know that doesn’t make any sense, but there you have it.”
* * *
The guests began to trickle into Julia’s house around 8:00 that night. By 8:45, she could hardly move from the living room to the kitchen, though it didn’t matter where she stood; every room was the same. In each corner she found someone trying to escape from something, while at the same time trying to convince themselves that everything was right in their lives. The conversations varied greatly from one place to another, but everyone seemed to be saying the same thing.
She found Thomas in one corner, where he stood talking with Robert and anyone else who might care to listen to him as they passed by on their way to other corners.
“I had to endure Rip Van Winkle in my literature class. If I can make it through that I can get through anything,” Thomas moaned.
“Was it like, really long or something?” Robert asked. “‘Cause I figured you liked reading all that stuff.”
“It’s the idea behind it that I couldn’t stand.”
“Yeah,” Robert agreed.
“The whole story exists to perpetuate the antiquated idea that change isn’t really possible. Who wakes up after a revolutionary war and finds everything the same? It’s a ridiculous denial of the fact that humanity is constantly evolving socially and philosophically.”
Robert nodded his head and fixed his eyes on a girl in a tank top and cowboy hat who stood drinking alone.
“You can see the progression in western civilization as we’ve gone from polytheism, to monotheism, and now we’re moving into atheism. Not that I’m advocating progress, once we’ve really understood atheism we’ll all know that progress is pointless, but I am noting that there is a steady change as we follow our natural instincts. It’s really the old idea of monotheism that has perpetuated the erroneous notion that no matter what we do the world stays the same.”
“Hey man, I don’t want to seem rude or anything,” Robert interrupted, “but that hot chick over there’s drinking all alone and I just wanted to see if she wants some company.”
“Hey Thomas,” Clint called from the opposite corner. “Where’s your drink?”
“I finished it,” Thomas called back over the myriad of conversations between them.
“Robert held up a half empty bottle and shook it so that some of the liquid spilled out.
“Dude you’ve got to drink. It’s your party,” someone else chimed in.
“Yeah,” someone else added. “If you’re not drinking it makes the rest of us feel bad for being so drunk.”
“Okay, I’ll have another one,” Thomas said. As he opened the bottle that appeared in his hand, he convinced himself that refusing would be rude.
“Yeah,” came another voice. “Nobody wants to be drunk around a sober guy.” He put his arm around Thomas. “We’ve all got to get wasted or it’s no fun.”
Julia watched from a distance before going into the kitchen to pour herself a glass of water. When she’d made her way back into the living room she noticed the clock and, realizing that she’d lost track of time, began to fight her way to the front door.
“I’m sorry you have to endure this,” Thomas shouted. He’d come up behind and startled her.
“It’s okay,” Julia assured him.
“What does all of this look like to you?”
“You see it just like I do,” Julia retorted.
“Not like you I don’t. What do you think? What do you feel?”
“It makes me sad,” Julia said. “It makes me want to shout at the top of my lungs and tell everyone that life doesn’t have to be like this.”
“You believe there’s something more.”
“There has to be.”
“Are you going?”
“I’ve got something to do,” Julia said sternly.
“You’ve got to help that girl, the one you called an idiot.”
Julia wished that she hadn’t trusted Thomas with her feelings toward Maggie. “Yes,” she answered. “I’m watching her son.”
“Of course you are. But you’d be leaving now even if you didn’t have anything to do.”
“I’m a mirror to them,” Julia said. “I’m leaving for their sakes, besides I hear that nobody wants to be drunk around a sober person.”
“You’re right again,” Thomas said.
“I’ll be back later tonight, and I’ll help clean up their mess.”
“You’ll help me clean up the mess I’ve made?” Thomas asked with genuine bewilderment. Then he looked away from his sister, at the mass of people crowded around them. “I appreciate the offer, but I don’t think you can clean up this kind of mess.”
“All the same I’ll come back and help,” Julia said before finishing her glass of water. Then she slipped through the front door and out of the madness. She’d just reached the end of the driveway, where her car was parked, when she heard a voice calling behind her. She turned around to see Robert stumbling through the front door.
“Wait a minute,” he called out as he staggered toward her.
Julia waited on him to meet her.
“Can you give me ride home?” he asked. “I’m a little drunk.”
Julia sighed heavily. “Go ahead and get in,” she said, opening the passenger door for him in an exasperated motion. He got in and she walked around to the other side of the car.
“I heard about you from your brother,” he said to her as she sat in the car.
“You heard what?” Julia said to humor him.
“About you getting pregnant.”
“My brother shouldn’t have said anything.”
“It wasn’t his fault. We were drinking,” Robert said casually. “I just didn’t know you were like that.”
“Like what?” Julia tried to remain aloof, reminding herself that she was speaking to a drunk man who might not even remember their conversation in the morning. Julia started the car. 
“I thought you were all uptight. Do you feel okay?” Robert asked.
Julia was ready to say that she was fine, but realized that she did feel a little dizzy. “I was fine a minute ago,” she confessed.
Robert turned the car off. “Maybe you shouldn’t be driving after all,” he said leaning close to her.
“What’s going on?” Julia asked as she leaned away from the stench of alcohol on his breath.
“I gave you a little something to help.”
“You what?”
“Don’t worry,” Robert said in the most assuring tone he could muster. “I just gave you a little bit, to loosen up the inhibitions, since you weren’t drinking or anything.” Robert put his oafish hand on her cheek.
“Please stop,” Julia said as firmly as she could.
Robert let his hand fall from her cheek down to her neck.
“Stop it,” she said again and tried to pull away. She could hardly force her groggy muscles to obey.
Robert pushed her back with the hand that held her neck, and with the other pulled her legs up onto the passenger seat. Julia didn’t have time to react before she felt him pressing up against her. She reached behind her and pulled at the door handle, but it was locked. Her fingers fumbled around in an attempt to find the button that could open it, but he grabbed her hand and forced it down to her side. 
“Think,” she told herself. “You can get out of this.”
Robert’s other hand moved up her leg and she lost her last shred of composure. The adrenaline overrode the dizzying effect of the drug, and she kicked frantically into the air. Still he only leaned in closer. She tried to push him back, but he weighed too much. She kicked again and must have caught him just a little off guard, because he hesitated and gave her enough time to roll over onto her stomach and reach for the lock. He batted her hand away before she could pull it and tried to pull her away from the door. She gripped the bottom of her seat and pulled up with all her strength. She could feel his hands pulling at her shirt. 
Her fingers started to slip as he pulled back on her t-shirt. She let go for a second, just long enough to try and get a better grip, and she felt herself being jerked upward. She reached out her left hand to try and grab the door handle while her right hand fumbled underneath the seat in the hopes of finding something to grab onto. In its frantic movement her hand came across a cold sharp metal object, and she instinctively gripped it with all her strength. The razor edge sliced into her palm as she grabbed onto it, but she held on tight knowing that it was her only hope to be able to pull herself up to unlock the door. She hardly noticed the searing pain in her hand as she clutched the object with her right hand, and lunged forward one last time in an attempt to unlock the door with her left.
Robert pulled her back again, and Julia realized that the metal object wasn’t connected to the seat. She found herself on her back, still clinging to whatever her right hand had found. In desperation she swung her fists wildly and managed to hit him in the face.
Robert yelled and rolled off of her, falling down onto the floor in front of the passenger seat. Then Julia noticed the blood streaming down her arm, and the knife that she still gripped by the blade. She saw the blood that flowed down from Robert’s cheek as he fumbled with the door and managed to get it open. Julia lay motionless as her assailant flopped out of the car and onto the pavement.
She sat up and noticed Thomas, who must have heard the shouts, running out of the house. She saw something wild in his eyes as they fixed on Robert, who was staggering backwards in the driveway. For a moment she found a hint of compassion, as his eyes turned to where she sat frozen inside the car. But the compassion vanished in an instant as he looked back towards Robert. She could see him putting the pieces together. 
She knew that he wouldn’t take the time to think about what the right decision would be, and watched as he reacted. Horror gripped her as Thomas rushed toward Robert and threw all his weight at the confused drunk. He had no trouble knocking Robert to the ground and the thud of Robert’s head slamming against the concrete startled Julia. She dropped the knife and hurried to get out of the car. Thomas had gotten on top of Robert and grabbed him by the hair. He slammed his head into the pavement again. Robert didn’t seem to understand what was happening and tried to sit up. Thomas punched him in the face.
She’d never imagined that her brother could be so vicious. He was normally so passive, but now she could see that he had lost control. Something else had possessed him, and it gave him a terrible strength that she’d never seen in her brother before that night. The dome light that spilled out of the open car door illuminated the two figures just enough for Julia to be able to see the blood that poured from Robert’s mouth and the back of his head. She crawled out of the car and rushed to Thomas, wrapping her arms around his chest. 
“Stop! Stop it!” she yelled frantically. “Oh, Thomas, please stop.” She tried to pull him away. She could feel the rapid beating of his heart with her right hand. She tried again to pull her brother away from Robert, who still didn’t seem to fully understand what was happening. The blood gushed from Julia’s right hand and stained Thomas’s shirt as it poured down onto Robert’s heaving chest. She finally managed to pull her brother back and they both fell down onto the driveway. Julia didn’t let go of Thomas as they lay on their sides. Her arms still clung to his chest, and the blood that poured out of her wounded hand found its way to the concrete and began to trickle down the sloped driveway. “Please stop,” she cried faintly. “Please.”
She looked up to see the rest of the party now crowding around them, and watched as Clint fought through the huddled mass to the front.
“Dude, what’s going on?” he shouted at Thomas. “What do you think you’re doing?” He grabbed Thomas by the collar.
“He was trying to,” Thomas said before Clint jerked him to his feet.
“What were you going to say?” Clint asked again, holding Thomas’s face close to his own.
“He was attacking my sister,” Thomas shouted boldly.
Julia didn’t get up, but gripped her brother’s leg with both hands. “Please Thomas.”
Clint looked down at Julia and loosened his grip on Thomas’s shirt.
“He was attacking my sister,” Thomas said again in a softer voice.
“They were just going to have a good time,” Clint shouted. “You didn’t have to beat his head in!”
“He was attacking my sister!”
“So now you think it’s wrong?” Clint snarled.
“She’s my sister!”
“But if she wasn’t then it would be okay?” he said, obviously toying with him. “What, no answer? Is it because you’ve done the same thing to someone else’s sister? Is it bad now when he does it? Is it wrong when it’s your sister? Now you want to say what wrong is, but I don’t think it’s wrong because he just gave it to her to help her lighten up because she wasn’t having a good time. So maybe what seems wrong to you might not seem so wrong to him. He was just trying to help.”
“Shut up! Get out of here!” Thomas yelled.
“That’s a rational response,” Clint fired back. 
“Somebody call an ambulance,” a voice shouted from the doorway. Clint had begun to help Robert up, but the voice called his attention back to the crowd. Julia followed his eyes as they scanned the crowd and then as they locked onto his friend who still lay bleeding on the pavement.
“Don’t call any ambulance,” Clint shouted to the group of bystanders. “Now somebody give me a shirt or something so I can wrap it around his head and stop the bleeding.”
Someone from the mob produced a shirt and Clint wrapped it around Robert’s bleeding head.
“You okay man?” Clint asked.
“Yeah, I’m fine. I just feel a little woozy,” Robert answered.
“You all hear that? He’s fine. So nobody needs to be calling anyone,” Clint shouted again. “He just needs to go inside and recover. So everyone can just put their cell phones up and go home, ‘cause we don’t want anyone getting arrested for anything like assault.” 
Clint glared at Thomas as he pronounced that last word, then helped Robert to his feet and walked him to the house. The rest of the crowd dissipated into the night air.
Thomas knelt down next to Julia who still clung to him with her bleeding hand still pressed to his body.
“This is all my fault,” he said finally. “Everything that happened to you is because of me. If I hadn’t wanted to prove that,” he faltered. “This is all wrong. I’m sorry Julia. I was wrong about everything.”
“I don’t want to press charges,” Julia said.
“Do it. I’m not afraid of going to court. Even if they get me for assault, even if I do end up going to jail, I’m not afraid.”
“It’s over. I’m safe. That’s all that matters. Let it be over.”
“But Julia,” Thomas began.
“Let it be over for me,” Julia said as she leaned into his chest. Blood still oozed from her hand and Thomas gave her his already bloody shirt to wrap the wound. “Look at all the blood,” Julia said distantly. “They say that our life is in our blood.”
“We should wash it off of the pavement, but after we go inside and take care of your hand,” Thomas suggested.
After a while Robert came out from the house with Clint’s help.
“I hope you’re happy,” Clint shouted as he helped Robert into his car.
Julia looked at Thomas with pleading eyes, and he didn’t respond. When the car had driven out of sight Julia said, “We’d better go in. It’s about to rain.”
“I hope it does,” Thomas said in response. “I hope it rains hard enough to wash away all this blood.”
Chapter 6
It did rain that night, and Julia called to tell Maggie that she wouldn’t be able to baby-sit because Thomas was taking her to the emergency room. When they got back she lay awake in her bed listening to the soft patter of raindrops as they splashed at a slight angle onto her bedroom window. In the morning she found Thomas sitting on the couch in the living room with a vacant expression. Debris from the previous night’s festivities littered the floor around him.
“I need to go,” Julia said meekly.
“Where?” Thomas asked.
“I need to go home. I don’t exactly know where that is anymore, but I was hoping you could drive.”
* * *
When Thomas and Julia arrived at the door to their father’s apartment, neither of them knew quite what to do. Julia hadn’t detected any of the animosity that her father had shown towards her on her previous visit. He had sounded excited, even relieved that his children would be coming to visit, and he promised to take them out to a nice dinner. Still they hesitated to knock, and as they stood outside waiting to find their nerve, Peter opened the front door and leaned on the knob for support. He swayed a little as the door wobbled under his weight.
“Dad?” Julia asked as she walked into his apartment. “Have you been drinking?”
“I’m sorry sweetie,” Peter offered. “I haven’t called you sweetie in a while. Is it okay?”
“Is what okay?”
“Is it okay if I call you sweetie? I’m sorry. I didn’t want to be like this for you. When you called I made up my mind not to touch a drop because I wanted to be not like this for you.”
“That’s okay Dad.”
“You should know that it’s not all my fault though. It’s partly all my fault because I didn’t want to be like this, but I am anyway, but it’s all her fault too.”
“What are you talking about? Where do you even get enough money to buy enough beer to get drunk? You haven’t been working for months.”
“I wanted to stay sober because you’re my daughter and I love you, but it’s her. Your mother keeps giving me just enough to get by, and I use it for this.”
Peter staggered back into the house, and Julia and Thomas entered behind him.
“Don’t ever drink,” Peter said looking at Thomas. “If you do, don’t do it like me. Don’t drink to forget.” He looked at Julia and his face softened. “I know I’m pathetic for taking her money, but she’s worse. I only take her money because I’m weak and can’t stop myself. I don’t want to take it, but I can’t help it. But her, it’s much worse with her.”
“Come on Dad,” Julia said. “What are you talking about? If she’s giving you money then she’s the only reason you haven’t hit rock bottom. You really have had too much to drink.”
“I have. I’ve had way too much to drink,” Peter confessed. “But all that’s only because I’m weak. But it’s not only because I’m weak, it’s because of her and her money. You’re right about everything. I’ve had too much to drink, and if it weren’t for her I’d have hit rock bottom. That’s why she’s worse than me. I do everything because I’m weak, but she does it so I never hit rock bottom. She knows what I use it for, and she gives it to me anyway. Forgive the way I’m talking. You see, she knows that when I run out of money, when I can’t take one more step forward, that I’ll wake up and that I’ll find the strength to stand up on my own again. I don’t know where or how I’ll find it, but I know that when I can’t take one more step that I’ll find it somewhere, because then I’ll look for it with all my heart. I’ve had too much to drink. She knows it too, and that’s why she gives me just enough to keep me from standing up again. 
“I do everything because I can’t help myself but she does everything because of wrath. You see, I’ll learn how to stand up again, because this isn’t who I really am, and it hasn’t changed me deep down. Everything’s still on the surface with me, but with her she’s marred herself in here.” Peter tried to point to the left side of his chest and looked like a man failing a sobriety test. “As long as everything’s on the surface you can go back if you just stand up again, but with her she’s destroying herself deep down, and soon there won’t be anything left of her.” Peter laughed out loud. “She was trying to destroy me, and in the end she’s only ruined herself. As long as I only take the money because I’m weak she’ll only be hurting herself.”
“You’re not weak!” Julia pleaded. “You can stop whenever you want to. You got everything under control once, and you can do it again.”
“Don’t say that!” Peter snapped. “I am weak. I take her money because I’m weak and that’s the only reason. If I ever took it for the other reason it would mean . . . but that’s not the case it’s only because I’m weak. I know I only take it because I’m weak, because I didn’t want to be like this when you came; I wanted to be better for you and I couldn’t.” Peter grew frantic. “Do you still go to that church?”
“No,” Julia answered. “I only visited it a few times.”
“But you’ll still pray for me? I don’t believe in God enough to pray, but I believe enough to want you to pray for me.”
“I don’t really know if I believe myself,” Julia objected.
“But you believe more than me, and that’s all that matters. Pray that I only take her money because I’m weak. If I start taking her money for the other reason then I’ll be just like her, worse than her, because I’ll be just like her and weak. I wouldn’t be saying any of this to you, but I’ve had too much to drink, but I mean everything, even though I’ve had too much to drink, I still mean everything I said and everything I’ve said makes perfect sense, don’t think I’m just talking because I’ve had too much to drink because everything is, everything is . . .”
“I understand, and I believe you,” Julia said without the slightest hint of patronization. “But you need to sleep now.” She offered him a pillow that had been left on the couch.
“I’ll go to sleep but remember what I said. Remember to pray for me, because I feel it coming for me even though I only do everything out of weakness, I feel it coming for me all the same, and it will take me just like it’ll take her, except with me it’ll be worse because all I had to do was stand up, and she’s marred her soul. Remember to pray for me because if you don’t I’ll start taking her money for the other reason, and then we’ll both be marring our souls together. That’s the way it always ends up in the end, and that’s why everybody lives to destroy everybody else.”
“What is this ‘other reason’ you keep mentioning?” Julia asked.
“It’s not that, not yet. I only take it because I’m weak.”
“But what is it?”
“It’s the kind of thing that mars the soul. I’ll come to that one day. I started taking her money because I’m weak, but one day I’ll take it for the other reason.”
“Dad! What are you talking about?”
“I’ll take it because I know that every time she gives it she mars her soul a little more, so I’ll keep taking it to destroy her. I’ll take her money to get revenge. Pray for me because now all I have to do is stand up, but if it comes to the other reason then I’ll never make it back. Remember to pray for me.”
“I told you that I don’t even know if I believe.”
“But you have to believe, even if it’s not true, because I don’t believe even though I want to believe now, and not only because I’m drunk. Remember to pray for me because if there is a God then maybe one day I’ll stand up, and when I do I’ll believe in him too. I wouldn’t say this if I weren’t drunk, but I mean it all, every word. I only say it like this because I’ve had too much to drink. But you understand me even though I say it all like this.”
“I understand Dad.”
“I knew you would understand everything, you and only you. You’re the only one left who can understand. And you’ll believe and pray for me?”
“And I’ll pray for you. Now lay down.”
“Don’t pray for me. I don’t know why I said that. I don’t need prayer. I need some money, money that isn’t hers.”
“I’ll give you the money,” Julia said. “Then you won’t have to take anything from her.”
“It’s not like that,” Peter said.
“Why not?”
“Because if I took your money I’d have to live better. I’m a weak man. I was strong for a moment. I was brave and courageous and I stood up for myself. But that was just a moment. Sometimes we get a glimpse of who we could have been. That was my glimpse. I wish I hadn’t been strong then. I think about that moment every day you know.” 
By now Peter was talking more to the air than to his children. “If I hadn’t been strong in that moment, I could pretend that I was born a weak man. But I had a choice, and I chose to be strong once, and that proves that I could be strong again if I wanted it bad enough. That’s why I can’t take your money.” He addressed Julia with this last remark, as if remembering her presence all of a sudden. “I don’t want to be strong or good. If I took money from you I’d have to be strong, because that’s why you’d be giving it to me.”
“I’d be giving it to you to help you,” Julia insisted.
“I know. You’d be giving it to me to help me get back on my feet, so I could be good and strong again. I don’t want that. I wish that I wanted that, but I don’t. She gives it to me so I can be weak. That’s why you’re better than her, and why I’ll always take her money instead of yours.”
“Dad!” Julia shouted in an attempt to win her father over by sheer volume. 
“Don’t look at me like that. Don’t pity me. Don’t respect me. Just look at me with loathing. Or better yet, don’t look at me at all. I don’t deserve to be seen. I was strong once, up on that mountain with the wind and the snow. But that was a different life. There was still hope back then so I was strong for a moment.”
Thomas finally joined the conversation. “You’re not talking about that nature hike you went on a year ago. Everyone knows that nothing happened up there.”
“But something did happen. I chose to be strong, to stand up like a man.”
“We’re not little kids anymore. Nobody’s ever going to believe your story because it’s all a bunch of lies,” Thomas said. 
“Thomas?” Julia said in disbelief. 
“He’s right about not deserving to be pitied,” Thomas said. “That might be the only right thing he’s ever said. You come here because you need him, and he can’t even stay sober for a few hours.”
Peter didn’t argue. He just shook his head before lying down on the couch and closing his eyes. Julia and Thomas watched as his ribs began to move up and down in a deep rhythm.
“Come on Julia, there’s no hope for him,” Thomas said.
“There’s always hope.”
“Do you really believe that? Look at him,” Thomas motioned to their slumbering father. “How can you believe that there’s hope for someone like him?”
“Because I have to,” Julia stated flatly.
“I understand that you’ve been through a lot, Julia. But you have to understand that it’s only natural that when you don’t like the world as it is, you tend to invent a better world to believe in, and since you can’t believe in fairytales you have to call it hope or the afterlife. But it’s like a kid who gets mad about having to eat vegetables, so he pretends that he’s a king who can do whatever he wants. I don’t mean to be insensitive. I know life has been tough for you lately, but I don’t want you to run off on a quest for something that doesn’t exist. You of all people should know that there’s no hope of goodness or redemption, so why do you still choose to believe in all of that even now?”
“Because I have to believe. Even if I didn’t want to believe I couldn’t help it. If you’d been there in that shanty house in the rain, if you’d been through what I’ve been through, everything I’ve been through, then you’d have to believe too.”
“But that’s my point, Julia. You’re believing a lie because you need something to hold on to.”
“It’s not a lie. And I believe because all my experience has taught me that if there isn’t anything else out there, then what we see here isn’t worth living for. And somehow people have managed to go on living. If there isn’t an eternal love or goodness somewhere past this mess then,” she stopped short. “I don’t have to finish. You know what that would mean.”
Thomas didn’t respond, but took one last look at their father, as he lay sprawled out on the couch.
“Is there anyone else you want to see while we’re here?” he asked.
Julia nodded, but didn’t take her eyes off of Peter.
“Then let’s go. We can come back later if you still want to see him again.”
“Could you stay here?” Julia asked. “I feel up to driving, and I’d like to go by myself if that’s alright.
* * *
“Did you come to see your grandfather?” Susan asked when Julia walked through the doors at Grace Assisted Living Center. 
“That’s why I came,” Julia answered guardedly. “Is this a good time?”
An awkward silence filled the space between the two before Susan spoke again.
“I think you should come see your grandfather now. His condition has deteriorated considerably.”
“What do you mean by considerably? Is he still conscious?”
“He’s conscious.”
“Can he talk?” Julia asked.
“That’s the problem. He won’t stop talking. As soon as anyone walks in the room he starts up and won’t stop long enough for anyone to get in a word.”
“What’s he say?”
“It’s all nonsense. He’s talking out of his head. The doctor came by earlier and seemed just as baffled as anyone else, and he said that surely there wasn’t much time.”
Susan walked Julia down the hall. They both stood still for a moment when they reached Abraham’s room. Then, Julia opened the door and peeked her head through the opening. Abraham lay in his bed with the knife that she had brought to him in one hand and a block of wood in the other. He whittled away at the edges. Julia stepped back into the hallway and gently closed the door.
“He seems fine now,” she said to Susan.
“Was he carving on one of those pieces of wood you gave him?” Susan asked. “I’m assuming that you’re the one who brought all of that in to him.”
“He seems content and in his right mind,” Julia answered.
“Do you know how big that piece of wood was when you brought it to him?”
“They were all the same size,” Julia said emphatically, “About four or five inches.”
“Did you see how much was left?” Susan asked.
“I didn’t get a good look,” Julia admitted.
“He’s been whittling those blocks of wood down to nothing. He’s been shaving off tiny pieces of wood until there’s nothing left at all, and then he gets another block and goes to work doing the same thing.”
Julia opened the door and peeked her head in again. She watched as Abraham ran the blade of the knife along the surface of the wood. She could see the concentration in his face as he removed a tiny shaving from the surface. She could see that the piece of wood that he held in his hands couldn’t have been more than an inch long and shaped like a robin’s egg. She closed the door again.
“It looks like he’s making some kind of a ball,” she said to Susan.
“It might be a ball now but I bet he’s already made a dog or a bird out of that same piece of wood. He’ll make the most intricate carvings but he just keeps whittling away at them until they’re completely unrecognizable, and then he keeps going until he’s holding air.
“But he’s not saying anything,” Julia observed.
“He only talks when someone’s in there. I hope he’s different with you because he knows you. If there’s anyone who can get him to see reason at this point it’s you.”
“Can I go in?” Julia asked.
Susan nodded. Julia opened the door for a third time and stepped into the room.
“Grandpa?” she said to get his attention.
Abraham turned to look at her. Julia noted something deep and penetrating in his eyes.
“What are you making,” Julia asked and pointed to the piece of wood.
“Meaningless,” Abraham answered.
“Meaningless?” she asked.
“Utterly meaningless.”
“I don’t understand,” Julia said.
“Everything is meaningless.” 
Julia sat down on the bed next to him.
“They say you’re crazy,” she said soothingly.
“The dead who had already died are happier than the living who are still alive.”
“Grandpa? It’s me Julia.”
Abraham didn’t seem to hear her words, but went on as if she’d never interrupted. “But better than both is he who has not yet been, who has not seen the evil that is done under the sun.” He reached out his hand and placed it lightly on Julia’s stomach. Julia sat perfectly still, as if something in his eyes compelled her to stay motionless.
“No matter how long he lives, if he cannot enjoy his prosperity and does not receive proper burial, I say that a stillborn child is better off than he. It comes without meaning, it departs in darkness, and in darkness its name is shrouded.”
His voice came out in the same gruff, mumbling tone, that he’d always used, but the words seemed to jump out and grab Julia, they wouldn’t let her go. Julia put her hand over his and squeezed.
“Though it never saw the sun or knew anything,” Abraham’s voice seemed to gain momentum, “It has more rest than that man—even if he lives a thousand years twice over.” 
“I understand,” Julia said
Abraham paused and smiled at her. “Do not all go to the same place?” he added.
Julia heard the door creak open and turned to see Susan walk into the room.
“You have to leave,” Susan said.
“When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom,” Abraham shouted. His face became more animated, and his eyes more distant.
Julia looked at him, his hand still on her stomach. She looked back to Susan and asked, “Do I have to leave now?”
“Whenever you’re ready, but he’ll keep talking until you leave.”
“But with humility comes wisdom,” Abraham repeated. “There are those who curse their fathers and do not bless their mothers,” he continued. “Bless their mothers, curse their fathers. Bless their mothers.”
“Can you listen to me? I just need someone to listen,” Julia said to her grandfather. He didn’t reply, and Julia assumed that his silence meant that he had agreed.
“You remember when I first heard your story about the man who died with the broken leg, and first started to read his book? I went straight through it, and I loved every word and every story, even if I couldn’t believe them. And I read about how we were supposed to love each other, not just that we were supposed to love each other, everyone knows we’re supposed to love, but how we were supposed to love each other, and I thought that it all sounded fun and good in a fairytale world.
“You should know that before all of that I made a mistake. Not the one I already told you about. It’s all related, but this first mistake was even worse. I’ve given this a lot of thought, Grandpa, and this first mistake was so much worse than the one I already told you about. The second one was a momentary lapse of judgment, an awful decision, but this first mistake was in my character. The second mistake was over in a moment, but this one is still inside of me.
Abraham lay motionless, his eyes glazed over, but Julia didn’t doubt that he heard every word.
“I guess I’ll get to the point. I had a friend who loved me. He still loves me. All the time I knew him I’d seen the way he, the way Jason, that’s his name, treated this old man, some crotchety old invalid who doesn’t deserve what little air he can manage to get into his cigarette stained lungs, much less someone like Jason. I’d always seen how kind Jason was for helping that old man, but for so long I thought that he was just stupid or naïve not to see how that old man was taking advantage of him. I even looked down on him because of it. 
“But then he, Jason, said something to me about how we had to love people even when they were so completely unlovable, because that’s when they really need it. And I realized that he knew all along how horrible that man treated him, but he’d loved him anyway. He even liked being with that old man, and he never went to visit him because he felt obligated to go—it was never to appease his conscience. He really wanted to be there because he really loved that miserable old miser. All that time I thought he was crazy or naïve, or at the very least a little slow. So I pushed him away by finding a boyfriend. Even if he is naïve I wish that I could be too because,” Julia broke off. “I’m sorry. I’m ranting again.”
Here, Julia paused, not wanting to talk about Scott, but Abraham didn’t respond so she continued. “What kind of a sick person am I to see real love and mistake it for stupidity? Do you know what’s even worse? He loved me just like he loved that old man. Every day since I’ve known him he’s loved me like that, and I never understood. That’s why he asked me to take him back, even though we’d never really been dating. But that’s not important. You see he asked me to take him back, and I turned him down cold. I turned him away because I thought that only a desperate loser would ask a girl who, a girl like me, if she would take him back. But he didn’t ask because he was pathetic or because he needed me—to be honest I think he’s happier now without me. He asked me because he really loved me. And he still loves me, and I still can’t go to him even though I want to so badly. Why can’t we do the things we want to do?
“I want to go to him right now and tell him that I love him too, and that we should get married tomorrow, but I can’t do it because there’s a weight on my chest. I feel dead inside. I’m so dead to love that I don’t know how to recognize it much less give it. We’re all so dead to love. How can I be with someone who loves me, if I can’t love him back? He deserves someone who will love him back doesn’t he?”
“No man knows,” Abraham said.
“Thank you for listening,” Julia answered. She turned to leave. Susan, who had stood inconspicuously in the back corner the whole time, opened the door for her.
“No man knows whether love or hate awaits him,” Abraham said as they walked out.
“Well?” Susan asked when they reached the hallway.
“He recognized me,” Julia said.
“How could you tell?”
Julia shook her head. “I don’t quite know how to express it, but I know he recognized me.”
“You should know that the doctor says that his ramblings aren’t entirely random,” Susan said. “He thinks that your grandfather hears words, and the part of his brain that is still active can associate them with other phrases that contain similar words. That’s why everything he says appears to be almost on topic, but a little off.”
“Will you walk me to the door,” Julia pleaded.
“Of course.”
“You haven’t slept much these last few days have you?” Susan asked. 
“No, not lately.”
“How long ago did all of that happen with your boyfriend?”
“We were never dating,” Julia corrected. “But we might as well have been,” she added guiltily. “After his car accident, we were inseparable.”
“Accident?” Susan prompted.
“His mother was driving. It was around Christmas time. There was ice on a bridge. The car spun out and flipped into a ditch. He was in the hospital for over a week. My best friend knew him well, so we went to visit him. School was out for Christmas break, and we spent hours at the hospital every day until they released him. Ever since then we were, well you know.”
“Were you interested in him before the accident?” Susan asked.
“No. I don’t think I was,” Julia admitted. “It’s hard to remember those kinds of details clearly now.”
“But when he was in the hospital he fell in love with you?”
“I hadn’t thought of it like that. I feel bad for him. He shouldn’t suffer his whole life because I visited him in the hospital. Even afterwards when I was wretched to him, he didn’t stop loving me. He never stopped wanting to be with me no matter how I treated him. That’s love isn’t it, the way it’s supposed to be?” Julia looked at Susan expectantly waiting for her to confirm this statement.
“On his part.”
“What do you mean?” Julia asked.
“That sounds like love on his part. But it sounds to me like you agreed to be with him because you pitied him.”
Julia didn’t respond.
“But your grandfather said to me once, before he lost his senses, ‘don’t get me wrong, pityin’ a person’s a lot like lovin’ ‘em.’ He told me that pity’s like a baby step in the right direction, because it gets you thinking and caring about someone other than yourself, and that’s the hardest part about really loving others.” 
Julia smiled at Susan’s impersonation of her grandfather.
“So why not go to him now if he still loves you?” Susan prodded.
“Because I don’t deserve him.”
“You know what he’d say about deserving.” Susan tilted her head to Abraham’s closed door. Julia looked at the door intently.
“I’m sorry,” Susan said. “I don’t mean to prod into your business. I just thought that since you came here to hear what he had to say that maybe you would want to be reminded.”
“I do,” Julia confirmed. “He’d say, ‘So what if you don’t deserve him. We don’t deserve a lot a’ the things we get, but it doesn’t mean that you weren’t meant ta enjoy them.’ ”
“Would he be right?” Susan asked.
“I hope so,” Julia answered as she walked out through the big glass double doors.
Chapter 7
Peter woke up and realized that he was alone. He wondered if he hadn’t imagined Julia and Thomas’s visit.
“Julia?” he called out.
Thomas came out of the bathroom. “She left,” Thomas said.
“But you’re here?” Peter asked.
“Yes, I’m here,” Thomas answered.
“Good. Come sit next to me. There’s something we need to talk about.”
Peter slid over on the couch to make room for Thomas.
“I’m not sitting on that couch. When are you going to get rid of that piece of junk?” Thomas said as if even the offer to sit next to his father offended him.
“No? Then you can use that box over there. It makes a good seat, no the one next to it with the brown label, yes, that one.”
Thomas pulled up the cardboard box and sat down.
“Do you love me?” Peter asked.
The question caught Thomas off guard.
“I know I’m your father, but do you love me?”
“I guess,” Thomas answered.
“You guess? You either love somebody or you don’t.”
“Fine, I love you.” Thomas spoke with some conviction in his voice.
“I know you do. I just needed to hear you say it.”
“I’m your son. How could you doubt that?” Thomas said, trying not to think about whether or not he doubted his own statement.
“Some children don’t love their parents. Those are the worst kind of people. People are punished for so many other crimes, but if there’s a heaven and a hell, children will be rewarded and punished for how much they loved their parents. Your sister should have thought about that before she betrayed me.”
“Julia didn’t betray anyone,” Thomas objected.
“No, she probably didn’t, but that’s what it feels like to me. That’s what it’ll always feel like to me, and so that makes her a traitor. I’ll never see her as anything else. Maybe I could accept the truth if I weren’t so weak. If I ever hit rock bottom and had to stand up on my own two feet, then I wouldn’t be weak anymore and I would accept the truth and know that she loves me. But even though I understand that she loves me, in my heart I’m weak, and so in my heart she’s betrayed me.”
“But she didn’t know what was going on,” Thomas pointed out, trying to appeal to reason.
“She should have known. Not knowing doesn’t make her less wrong. She should have known because that’s,” Peter lost his train of thought.
“Are you okay?”
“You have to know what it is you’re doing,” Peter said, picking up where he left off. “A man has to see where his actions will lead. History doesn’t judge anyone for what they intended to happen. If it did even I might be remembered one day as a good man. I only intended to do good. But you have to see ahead, and she didn’t, and that ruined me. She could have known. If she’d thought about it, she would have seen everything, but she didn’t think; she just acted and that makes her as guilty as anyone else. She betrayed her father, and heaven, if it exists, will always remember that.”
“Why did you want to talk?” Thomas asked.
“I’m giving you everything.”
“What?”
“I’m giving you everything I have.”
“No thanks. I’ve got enough debt,” Thomas said abruptly.
“I’m serious.” Peter spoke with such force that Thomas, for the first time felt compelled to take him seriously. “I’m giving you everything, and I have more than debt. You’ll see. I’m giving you everything she gives me. I’m not doing it because I love you or because I don’t want the responsibility. I’m doing it to get back at her. She thinks she can ruin me with her money, but I’ll give it all away and then, if I give enough, I’ll get better, and she’ll still be giving to me, ruining her own soul, and I’ll be saving mine.”
“Why don’t you just refuse to take the money?” Thomas asked.
“I thought about that. Believe me I thought about it. That’s what I wanted to do, but I couldn’t. I tried to say no, but I couldn’t bring myself to turn it down. Not because I want money, but I wanted her to keep ruining her soul by giving it. So maybe we’re both ruining our soul—is that the correct way to say that, ruining the soul?—but, well I haven’t thought past that point. But you’ll take the money and make sure I’m taken care of. You would only give me things that were good for me, and nothing that I might want that would be harmful. The rest will be yours. That would be our agreement.”
“But we both know Julia would be better about sticking to that kind of an agreement,” Thomas suggested.
“You don’t want the responsibility?”
“It’s not that. I’m just saying that Julia would be better.”
“She’d never agree to it,” Peter mused.
“Why not? She’s changed a lot. She would do it to help you.”
“She would see through the intentions. She’d see the end of it. She wouldn’t have seen it before, but you’re right about her being changed. She’d see it all clearly now, and she wouldn’t agree.”
“You’re not making sense.”
“Maybe I’m not, but that’s my right isn’t it? Besides, she’s a traitor.”
“She loves you.”
“She betrayed me, and heaven can never forgive something like that. She betrayed her child, but heaven can forgive her for that. Why the surprised look. You didn’t think I knew about that.” 
“What are you talking about?” Thomas asked, trying not to give away more than he needed to.
“I know more than people give me credit for,” Peter said coyly. “Maybe I got a phone call from someone. Then again, maybe a little bird flew into my window and told me all about it. Or maybe I heard it whispered into the wind when somebody thought they were all alone. We’re never alone. Have they taught you that up at the university? Even when there’s not another soul for miles and you feel hopelessly empty inside, you’re still not alone.”
“You’re rambling.”
“Why do you say that I’m rambling? Don’t you know about her child? She thought it was a son, and they say women sometimes have a sense about these things. Or maybe she never mentioned it, even to you. I shouldn’t have said anything. But that’s not why I’m giving you everything, and all you have to do is promise to love your father the way you’ve always loved me before. Or how does the saying go? Honor thy father. Do you promise to honor me? I’ve been thinking even more lately. They say this drink ruins people’s lives but just maybe it’s saved mine. It ruins life, but it clears away all the death too. It leaves you empty. Don’t ever touch it.”
Peter’s last sentence seemed to have had more of an effect on himself than on Thomas. 
“But in the empty moments a man doesn’t have any of the jumbles that keep him from seeing clearly,” Peter continued. “I know jumbles isn’t a word, it’s not a word is it? Anyway I do know that you don’t think that I’m seeing clearly, but I am. I see everything for the first time, because I don’t have a house or a car or a future to mix me up. All the jumbles are gone, and I understand the world perfectly, but I can’t do what I want to do. I’ve got the vision, but I can’t act on it. No conviction. But you’ve got conviction. That’s all you are. That’s why you have to believe me when I say that I see everything. Do you believe me?”
“Okay.” Thomas answered only because he saw no way around the question.
“You don’t sound like you’re convinced. But I still believe that you’ve got conviction. That’s my problem. You see I’ve been given a gift. How many people can know everything that they should do, and see into the future to know how everything will work out? I know how to turn this run down life of mine into a paradise. But my curse is that I can’t act on my knowledge. It’s too late to change. I tried so hard to change, at first for Lewis, then for myself, and in the end simply to spite your mother. But no matter what I tried, I couldn’t break free. I always ended up back here. That’s why I’m giving you everything.”
“I still don’t understand what you’re saying,” Thomas said, still hesitant to trust anything his father was telling him.
“You have to have faith. I know you can’t understand because you haven’t hit the bottom yet. But one day you will, because we all hit the bottom someday, because even if we know how to act none of us can break free. Now here’s the account number and password.” Peter handed Thomas a crumpled sheet of paper. “The banking is all electronic. You just need to change the password and it’ll be yours.” 
“Dad I don’t know if I can do this.”
“Do you love me?”
“Yes.”
“Do you love me more than your mother despises me?”
“Sure.”
“Then take it now and go. Go ahead and get out of here. A son should have the decency not to look at his father when he’s in this state. Turn your head out of respect for your father and go.”
Thomas didn’t object but took the crumpled paper and turned to leave the room.
“And tell Julia that I’m sorry,” Peter said to his son’s back. “Tell her that I’ve always wanted to love her like a father should, and that I would have loved her if I hadn’t been so weak. The weakness is all my fault, but I wanted to love her. Ask her to forgive me. I know she already has. She hasn’t marred her soul so she can still forgive. Yes, she forgave me a long time ago, but ask her anyway. She deserves to know that I asked for her forgiveness. Maybe one day you’ll forgive me too, and everyone else, and I’ll forgive all of them. Isn’t it possible for all of us to just forgive? If only I wasn’t so weak. Don’t turn around! Don’t look at me! Just go.”
Thomas obeyed, and left his father alone.
* * *
After school Lewis had gone back to Tina’s house with the same group who had been there before. Johnny, the grave faced boy, hadn’t objected this time, but Lewis still felt uneasy around him. Everyone else, however, seemed to have accepted him as one of their own, and Lewis felt like he’d always been a part of the group. This time when it was his turn to inhale he didn’t hesitate. He also managed to suppress the fit of coughing that had escaped from his unaccustomed lungs the time before. 
“You’re already a pro,” one of the boys said when he exhaled the smoke smoothly from his lips.
“Are you convinced that he’s not a spy now?” Tina asked Johnny.
“Maybe he’s just going along with it because I’m on to him,” Johnny answered.
“It’s cool man,” one of the other boys said to Lewis. “He’s just trying not to look stupid.”
“Hey Lewis,” Tina said, obviously ignoring Johnny’s remark. “Can you show us that magic trick you were talking about last time?”
Lewis felt the weight of everyone’s gaze descending on him, but he didn’t feel pressured. Instead, something inside of him came alive.
“I need a quarter,” Lewis announced. “Any quarter will do.”
“He’s just trying to get someone’s fingerprint,” Johnny said, but nobody paid any attention to him. The girl sitting next to Tina gave Lewis a quarter, and he thanked her as he took it.
“Now watch carefully,” Lewis said. He stood up in front of the group and placed the quarter in the palm of his hand.
“Now I’m going to rub my hand and make this quarter disappear,” he announced. He closed his hand that held the quarter into a fist and rubbed away with the other. Then he held up both hands to show them that the quarter had, indeed, vanished.
“That’s pretty cool,” one boy stated emphatically.
“Now I’ll make it reappear,” Lewis announced.
He closed his hand and rubbed again. When he opened it he held the quarter, which he promptly returned to its owner. 
“That’s cool,” one of the boys remarked.
“Hey Tina, why don’t you take him up to your bedroom and show him some real magic,” Johnny suggested. 
“What if I do want to take him up to my bedroom,” Tina shot back. “Would you be jealous?”
Lewis tried not to show his discomfort. He could see that everyone had fixed their eyes on Tina and Johnny, but he couldn’t help feeling that he was the center of attention. Soon the whooping died down, and it was Lewis’s turn to inhale again. He took a deep breath and relaxed as he exhaled. 
* * *
Julia noticed a slight pause between the moment Sara’s mother had opened the front door and her enthusiastic greeting. During that caesura Julia felt certain that the woman wore a scowl, but she said nothing about it to her friend who had come bounding down the entryway to greet her. Julia found herself being ushered to Sara’s room where she sat patiently and listened to an incoherent stream of ramblings that ranged from how happy Sara was to have stayed home for college, to how little she regretted missing out on campus life activities, and then to how much freedom her parents had given her now that she was a college student. 
“I’m so happy for you,” Julia answered when her friend paused for breath.
“You don’t sound happy,” Sara said.
Julia could see the realization that something was wrong creeping over Sara’s face and wondered if her feelings were so transparent.
“I’m sorry,” Sara said finally. “I went on and on about me and didn’t ever stop to see that you were,” she broke off. “What is it?” 
Julia looked down at the floor and Sara waited.
 “Last night,” Julia began, “I was giving a guy a ride home, and he got on top of me and he,” she didn’t finish. She could see the blood emptying from Sara’s face.
“No,” Sara said in a whisper, as she shook her head in either disbelief or denial.
“He almost,” Julia clarified. “There was a knife, and Thomas came out and, well it’s all over now, and everyone’s okay.”
“Thank God!” Sara exclaimed.
The words pierced Julia, and she couldn’t help thinking of everyone who wasn’t as lucky as she’d been. But somehow she had been spared. She rubbed her wounded palm and thought about the journey that knife had taken before it had found its way into her hand. But how many others hadn’t been spared, and how many of them deserved to be spared more than her? If the intervention was divine, where was justice?
“But like I said, there was a knife, and Thomas came out,” Julia said again aloofly.
“Is he?” Sara asked without looking directly at Julia.
“Thomas?” Julia asked.
“The man who tried to,” Sara prompted.
“I think he’s okay.”
“And you?” Sara kept her eyes from meeting her friend’s.
“I’m fine,” Julia answered. “The knife didn’t cut me as deeply as I thought at first.” She knew that Sara didn’t want specifics, and that the question had only been asked to show concern. She could have said more; she could have explained everything that transpired that night in vulgar detail. “I’m really okay,” she added, shielding her friend from the previous night’s events.
“I’m glad,” Sara responded. “They need harsher laws for people who do that sort of thing. They should take all of them and,” Sara stopped when she looked back at Julia. “I guess that’s not what you need to think about now.”
Julia exhaled in such a way that it could have been mistaken as an exasperated chuckle, and Sara’s face lightened a little. Sensing that her friend needed more assurance, Julia let her lips curl into as much of a smile as they could manage, and she explained that she really was okay. But she could tell by Sara’s face that her friend was still thinking deeply about the issue. “You don’t have to dwell on it,” Julia insisted.
Sara looked at her guiltily. “I just can’t help thinking that if there were more severe laws, then maybe last night wouldn’t have happened at all.”
“Laws wouldn’t have made any difference.”
“But he would have thought about the consequences,” Sara insisted.
“He wouldn’t have. Nobody ever does.”
“But what he did is the kind of thing you could lose sleep over for the rest of your life. Even if he didn’t succeed.”
“I have better things to lose sleep over,” Julia said reassuringly. She could tell that this statement had prompted another question, but her friend remained uneasily silent. “Go ahead,” Julia said after a few moments.
“Like Jason?”
“I’ve lost sleep over him,” Julia answered.
“And the,” Sara began, but pointed at her stomach instead of finishing the sentence.
“Most nights when I don’t lay in bed wishing I were more like Jason, I lay awake in bed hating that icy, formal, inhuman way they process people through their doors as if it were just their job.” Julia could tell that either her answer, or the forthrightness with which she’d delivered it, had shocked her friend, but she continued. “They never quite look you in the eye and all the people that come through those doors and all their problems don’t ever seem to faze the workers. I think it’s because they’ve learned not to see people anymore, just clients. I hate them and I’m tired of hatred keeping me awake at night.”
“He’s lost sleep over that too,” Sara said.
“I wish he hadn’t.”
“If you called him he’d be happy to talk to you.”
“I know,” Julia said with a sigh. “And I will one day. I don’t know when, but one day when I’m ready I will.”
“Can I tell him you said that?” Sara asked.
“You can tell him that one day I’ll call him.”
“Do you know when?”
“No.”
“But you will call him?”
“Yes, I will call him some day,” Julia reiterated. 
Sara’s face beamed and Julia could tell that she didn’t know quite what to say. “You do know that I love you,” Sara said finally, “Maybe not like Jason, but as best I can.”
“I know. The two of you love me better than anyone else because you know me best. You can’t love something fully until you know it fully, and I can’t think of anyone who knows me better than you and Jason.”
“Thanks,” Sara said bashfully.
“And you’ve both got every reason not to love me,” Julia mused. 
“We were about to sit down for dinner when you came. I’ll go tell Mom to put another plate out for you, and we can all eat together,” Sara offered.
“I’d love to, but I’ve got to get back because Thomas is waiting on me.”
“Oh,” Sara said as if remembering past incidences between Julia and her family.
“But I really would have loved eating with you. Your parents wouldn’t have made me the least bit uncomfortable.” Julia spoke plainly to alleviate the worrisome suspicion that had crept into her friend’s expression.
“Then some other time,” Sara said.
“Of course,” Julia answered, and she let Sara walk her to the door.
As Julia left she wondered how Sara’s parents would react when they found out about last night. She reasoned that they’d shake their heads and comment on how horrible the whole scenario was, make a comment similar to Sara’s about needing better legislation, and then shake their heads again before changing the subject. She also reasoned that just behind the façade they would be thinking that she’d deserved even worse for being a person of such low moral fiber. But as she left the house, she said goodbye to them cheerfully, not out of politeness, but with a genuine love for them both.
She couldn’t explain this new sensation that had been creeping up on her throughout the day and now enveloped her completely. She didn’t try to dissuade herself from the speculation that Sara’s parents would secretly judge her in their lofty religious hypocrisy; in fact the love that had welled up for them allowed her, for the first time, to be fully convinced that those speculations were an almost certainty. It was as if all the vileness she saw in herself, and all that was despicable in human nature in general, had mixed together and given birth to a genuine love for humanity, not a love for some vague notion of what humanity ought to be, but humanity itself, as it appeared before her in its grittiest moments. 
“You can’t love something fully until you know it fully.” The words she had only recently spoken to her friend played over and over in her mind, and their deeper meaning began to take root in her as she headed back to her father’s apartment.
* * *
When Julia pulled into her father’s apartment complex, she found Thomas sitting at the curb in the parking lot. He had a crumpled piece of white paper in his hand, which he folded and put in his pants pocket when she pulled the car into the open space next to him.
“What was that?” she asked, stepping out of the car.
“It was just something that Dad gave me, nothing really,” Thomas answered. Then he added, “It might be better if you didn’t go up there. He’s not feeling well.”
Julia turned away from her father’s door and looked again at Thomas. “I see,” she said. “Then do you want to go home?” 
“I think that’s best. I’ll drive if you want me to.”
Julia didn’t object and walked around to the passenger side.
“I’m dropping the experiment, at least for a while,” Thomas told her as he turned onto the street. Julia didn’t say anything.
“And I called and made an appointment for tomorrow while I was waiting for you.”
“An appointment?”
“To get some help,” Thomas answered. “I’ve made a mess of things lately, but you should know that I meant well, at least in the beginning.”
“You don’t have to worry about that, Thomas. It’s in the past; let it all stay there. We can go back home and start all over.”
“So the house we’re going to is home now?”
“I guess it’s the closest thing we have to home these days,” Julia answered.
“Then let’s go home.”
Chapter 8
“To sleep, to dream, —but what dreams may come?”
-Shakespeare

“Thomas,” Julia said from the passenger seat. “Can you pull over? There’s something I want to talk about.”
Thomas didn’t ask what would be so important that they couldn’t talk about it while he drove, but humored his sister, mostly because of everything that had happened recently. He pulled the car off of the sleepy highway and onto the wide grassy shoulder next to it. Julia stepped out of the car and he followed her out into the crisp night air.
“I’ve been thinking a lot today,” Julia said, “and I feel almost certain that there is a God.”
“Today?” Thomas asked. “After everything you’ve been through how could you?”
“Because I know that I’m loved. If there is no God then this whole world is one big deathbed, and if that were true nobody could love me. That’s as close as I can come to rationalizing it, and I know that doesn’t mean much to you, but I wanted you to know that I’ve made up my mind.” 
“And if there is a God?” Thomas asked.
“Then the world might still be a deathbed.” Julia answered. “But there will be something else that comes afterwards. There is something beyond us, something infinite and unknown, and just the thought of that comforts me somehow. Look up at the sky. It’s so big and empty, except for a few specks here and there. Those dots of light against all that vast black nothing might be as close as we’ll ever come to understanding infinity. It’s beautiful isn’t it?” 
Her voice seemed surreal and dreamy to Thomas, and he wondered if his sister had begun to go crazy trying to cope with everything that had happened. 
“Whenever I think about infinity I’m terrified,” Thomas admitted. “If I’m right and there is no afterlife, then everything stretches out into an infinite cold sterility, and if there is an afterlife that lasts forever, even if it were the paradise you want to believe in, then eventually you will have lived every possible day a hundred times over. You’ll wake up and know that no matter what you do or say, you’ll have done it all before. I can’t think of a worse fate.”
“I’ve thought about infinity quite a bit,” Julia countered in a more grounded tone, “but it’s always inspired awe and confidence. If there is an infinite being and an eternity, then there should also be something else that is infinite that we would step into after death, an infinite change, maybe even an infinite progression. Of course we couldn’t understand that now, but I believe that it has to be true.”
“A progression? Towards what? That all comes back to progress, and the concept of good versus evil and, but I don’t want to talk about infinity any more.”
“Okay,” Julia said sympathetically.
Thomas moved to get back into the car.
“Do you mind if I look at them for a little longer?” Julia asked pointing at the stars scattered out above her.
Thomas nodded in assent and she stood below that infinite sky for another moment before returning to the car, where Thomas waited patiently.
* * *
As soon as Lewis spotted his mother pulling to the curb outside Tina’s house, he grabbed his backpack and hurried out the door, forgetting to say goodbye to Tina and the few others who still lingered about her house. Hannah had just opened the car door when Lewis reached the curb and got inside.
“Did you have a good time?” she asked naively. 
Lewis felt certain that she knew what he’d been doing. He’d done everything he could to cover the smell, and he tried his hardest to destroy anything else that might be used as evidence against him, but he still felt that his mother knew. 
“Yes,” Lewis replied as he fidgeted under her plastic smile.
“What was your friend’s name?” Hannah asked.
Lewis knew she was interrogating him. He thought that he should say Tina so that he wouldn’t get lies mixed up later, but then wondered if she would jump to conclusions if she knew the house belonged to a girl.
“Johnny,” Lewis answered.
“Was Tommy there too?” Hannah probed.
Lewis wanted to make the interrogation stop. He pretended to adjust his seatbelt and looked out the window.
“No,” he finally replied.
“You haven’t spent much time with Tommy lately,” Hannah remarked in a casual tone that could only be meant to entrap him.
“We don’t have a lot of classes together this semester,” Lewis said abruptly. “And he goes by Tom now.”
“Oh yes, you told me that,” Hannah said.
The two of them drove the rest of the way home in what was for Lewis an unbearable silence.
* * *
“So what time is your appointment tomorrow?” Julia asked when she and Thomas got back to the house.
Thomas didn’t want to answer her. He knew he could change the subject, but he felt that truthfulness would somehow be better. “I already went to see that professional,” he said. “The appointment was yesterday.”
“About what?” Julia wondered what could have motivated her brother to lie about something like the time of his appointment, and this made her feel sorry for him. She couldn’t have suppressed the profound empathy she felt for him even if she’d wanted to. Part of her felt obligated to sympathize with him, but the feeling came mostly from a deeper unnamable desire. She sat down on the couch in their living room and motioned for him to sit next to her. 
Thomas sat down and Julia listened as he explained his dreams and his visit to the school clinic.
“I’m sorry,” Julia said when he finished. She put her hand on his shoulder but he pulled away.
“I’m sure that I wouldn’t be having these dreams if it weren’t for all of your religious talk,” he said. “You probably believe in devils and demons.”
“I don’t think I do,” Julia answered truthfully. Her brother’s suddenly harsh tone hadn’t affected her in the least.
“How can you not know if you believe something?” Thomas’s voice grew even more cynical, and he scooted further away from his sister.
“We never know what we really believe until we’re forced to act,” Julia said.
“And we find out what we believe based on what we do? Is that what you were going to say? That’s exactly what your devil in my dreams has been trying to convince me of.”
“My devil?”
“You’re the one who might believe in him.”
Julia took a moment to compose herself before speaking. “If there is or ever was a Devil, he isn’t mine or yours or anyone else’s. He’s not ours because we don’t need him anymore. We’ve all learned how to tempt ourselves well enough that we don’t need any outside influence to prompt us to do wrong.” She spoke sympathetically, assured that Thomas could hear the guilty admission in her voice.
“I’m sure that your devil would say the same thing. You know, you sound a lot like the devil I see in my dreams.”
“What are you talking about?” Julia asked.
“I wonder if he’s nothing more than the way my subconscious has been manifesting all of your arguments. He’s been saying a lot of the same things you’ve said. He’s been trying to convince me that if I’m right about there not being an afterlife or a supreme being, then I should just kill myself, and you’ve been saying the same thing, not in those words, but the meaning is the same. But you should know something. The truth is just the opposite. The only reason I haven’t killed myself is because I do believe in my idea. The moment that I believed in your good and evil, moral and immoral, dialectic nonsense is the moment I’ll kill myself. I’m warning you. Don’t try to convince me because I swear if you do I wouldn’t be able to handle it, and I know I’d kill myself then and there.”
“I’m not the one who’s been saying those things. That’s all from your dreams. I don’t even know what you’re talking about,” Julia objected.
“The dreams are representative of you.”
“So you think I’m your devil?”
“No. I think you’re the reason I haven’t been sleeping well. I think you’re the reason I had to go to the doctor. And I know that it’s your fault that I,” Thomas realized that everything he’d said since Julia had offered him a seat next to her had spilled out of his mouth against his will, despite his best efforts to speak comfortingly to his sister. He froze up. Julia stretched out her hand again. She hadn’t wanted to, but she couldn’t hold it back. Thomas pushed her aside and stood up from the couch.
“I’m sorry,” he said. And as the words came out, he had to wonder if he’d apologized because he genuinely regretted what he’d said. He looked at her intently, and neither of them said a word. He apologized again and left the room.
Julia wondered why every conversation they’d shared over the past few days had digressed. She thought about the possibility of it being her fault. “He’s so irrational,” she concluded. She felt that Thomas’s inner turmoil was a just punishment for everything he’d said to her, and the feeling propped up her wounded self-esteem. But in the end pity won out, and she let it swallow up her prideful indignation. Her pity compelled her, and she got up to follow him down the hall. She couldn’t have done anything else if she’d tried. Thomas had closed himself in his room, and she pounded on his door and shouted, “Thomas, it’s okay; we can talk about this. I want to be here for you.”
“I’m sorry,” came Thomas’s voice from behind the closed door. “I’m sorry, but I can’t. I want to, but I can’t. I don’t know why. I’m sorry. Can’t you see that everything’s my fault? Please leave me alone.”
“Maybe you are to blame, but if you are I forgive you. I’ll always forgive you for everything. But it’s my fault too, and if you forgive me we can go on. All it takes is forgiveness. I forgive you. Please open the door. 
“Don’t forgive me. You can’t forgive me. There’s no reason for it. I don’t want your forgiveness. Do anything else you want to me, but please don’t say that you forgive me.”
Julia could hear his voice quivering on the other side of the closed door. She reached for the knob and it turned over smoothly in her hand, but she couldn’t push the door open. She wanted to, but she couldn’t. A power that went beyond the physical world of weight and force seemed to exert itself over her body. 
“Thomas. Please open the door,” she cried. The pity that had taken root in Julia’s heart swelled up. She fell on her knees in front of his door. “I forgive you because I love you. Don’t you understand that nothing else matters? Please just open the door.”
“Why don’t you open it?” Thomas snarled and then added, “I’m sorry for that too, but don’t forgive me. It doesn’t matter if you forgive me, because I’ll always do more and more horrible things, and I’ll only need more forgiveness. I can’t make myself do what’s right. None of us can. That’s what I learned from my little experiment.”
“Thomas, please,” Julia pleaded. “How could I not forgive you? You’re my brother and I love you. Try to understand.”
“You can forgive me if you have to, but don’t say that you love me. Not after everything I’ve done to you. You’ve got no right.”
Julia could now hear sobs in her brother’s voice. “I do love you Thomas, and so does Dad, he just doesn’t know how to show it. We all love you but we’ve all forgotten what that means. But I’m here now and I love you, so please come out. I’ll be right here waiting for you when you’re ready. Tomorrow is a new day.” 
“You’re right. Tomorrow will be a new day,” Thomas answered.
Julia waited, listening carefully for him to say something else, for the slightest sound, for any sign of hope from behind the closed door. She waited and listened for over an hour, but she never got off her knees. Finally fatigue overtook her and she lay down in front of the door and let her eyelids close in sleep.
* * *
Peter stood at the doorway in silence. His sweaty hand griped the cold metal doorknob while wild, irrational thoughts flew uncontrollably through his mind.
“What if I’m too late? What if he’s already gone?” he wondered. “Then everything would rest on her. But she loves me. If only I needed someone to love me. Maybe that is what I need. But I don’t want her love. I won’t have anything to do with it. Why can’t I want it? Am I really that far gone? No. I’m just like everyone else, except I’m visible from the outside. Deep down I’m no further gone than anyone else. But that means that,” Peter cut his thought short for a moment, but couldn’t stop it altogether. 
“Can it be that bleak? But what is love? And if it is what I think it is, why would anyone want it? Yes, she loves me. But nobody really wants love. If I wanted love I would have gone to her. But I didn’t go to her. No, I took from the other one instead, and it’s all because I know she doesn’t love me. And now I’m here because he doesn’t love me either. It’s all the same then. He’s just past this door, but even if I go in and grovel, it won’t change anything. And it might be too late. No, I won’t go in because it can’t change anything. If only I could bring myself to want love I would go to her and she would put everything right. Yes, she’s the only one who can fix any of this. So there’s no point in going through this door.
Peter’s grip loosened. His fingers had been clutching the doorknob so tightly that a sharp pain worked its way through his hand as he forced himself to relinquish his grip.
“You can go in,” a voice said behind him.
The voice startled Peter, and he turned around abruptly. The blonde receptionist, whose name Peter could never quite remember, stood behind him smiling unknowingly.
“I know it’s not normal visiting hours, but I can make an exception in your case,” she said. “I imagine that all of this must be very hard on you.” 
Peter could tell that the sympathy in her voice was genuine. If it hadn’t been for the genuineness of her sympathy, he would have politely declined her offer to allow him into the room and walked away. Instead, a sense of panic overtook him, brought on by that simple sympathy. 
“He’s lost the ability to communicate, but he’s still coherent to some degree. He sits up all day reading, at least he holds up the book and looks at the pages. Who knows what’s really going on up there? The doctors said that visitors might send him into some sort of fit or delirium, but I’ll let you go in if you want.
Peter looked at the floor and then back at the door.
“Thank you,” he said, and then stepped into the unlit room, not thinking about what waited for him inside.
When Peter turned on the light, Abraham startled awake and made a few low grunting sounds. 
“Dad?” Peter said softly. “I came because I had to ask you something.” Even Peter didn’t know if the penance in his voice was genuine. “I need money.” 
“Keep falsehood and lies far from me; give me neither poverty nor riches, but give me only my daily bread.” Abraham spoke into the air.
“I need money,” Peter repeated.
“Look,” Abraham said through a fit of coughing.
“Where? Look at what?”
“Look away from me, that I may rejoice again.”
“I know you haven’t lost it. I know you can answer me. I just need some money, some of the money you promised to Julia.”
“Rejoice again,” Abraham said. “Before I depart and am no more.”
“Look at me and talk to me like a man,” Peter said pleadingly.
“Each man is but a breath.”
“I don’t need this. It’s Hannah. She’s killing me with her money, and I need you to,” Peter began, but was cut short by a series of coughs.
“Show me, O Lord, my life’s end and the number of my days; let me know how fleeting is my life.”
Peter could have sworn that the old man’s decaying lips curled into a smile.
“Dad,” he said again speaking slowly and enunciating. “You have to give me money so I don’t have to take anything from Hannah.”
“Each man’s life is but a breath.”
“Say something comforting!” Peter yelled.
“I will watch my ways and,” Abraham didn’t finish. Instead he looked up at Peter with lucid eyes, hesitated a moment and said, “What do you want?”
“Finally,” Peter said sighing. “I want some of your money. I don’t know how much you’ve got, but I know it’s plenty.”
“What do you want?” Abraham repeated.
“I want money. But I only want the money so that I can break ties with her.”
“What do you want?” Abraham asked a third time.
“I want,” Peter stopped to wonder if his father were really addressing him, or if this repetitious question were only another of his incessant ramblings. “How am I supposed to know what I want?”
“Do you love me?” Abraham asked.
“I’m leaving. Do you want me to turn off the light on my way out?”
“Light shines in the darkness, but the darkness has not understood it. Men love darkness instead of light because their deeds are evil.”
“I know you can understand what I’m saying. If you loved me you would help me, because what she’s doing is eating away at me bit by bit, just like this sickness is doing to you.” With these words Peter stepped out into the hallway. The blonde receptionist was gone. 
Abraham’s voice lingered in the air. “Do you love me? Do you love . . .” Peter let the door shut behind him, cutting off His father’s ramblings.
* * *
Later that night, Thomas opened the door of his room a crack, just enough to see Julia lying on the floor in front of him. In the sliver of light that crept in through the window he could just make out her red puffy cheeks and swollen eyes. He noted the exhausted look on her face, and her disheveled hair, but couldn’t escape noticing something else in that dim light.
He closed the door and went to the desk situated in the back corner of his room and, after brushing aside the pile of books and papers that had accumulated over the past few days, sat down and began to write. The pen glided across the page effortlessly, absorbing Thomas completely in the words that seemed to pour out of him. Outside he could hear his sister stir, and then he heard another sound, muffled by the door, but unmistakable. Still he sat at his desk and wrote, despite his sister’s stifled sobs that seeped in from the hallway.
Chapter 9
When Julia woke up the next morning she still felt emotionally fatigued. Her body ached all over from sleeping on the floor, propped up on Thomas’s door. She shrugged her shoulders and turned her neck to work out the stiffness, and wiped away the mucus that had built up in her tired eyes. 
“It’s a new day,” she whispered. Then louder she called out to Thomas, “It’s a new day. You can come out now.”
Thomas didn’t answer. Julia called again and waited, but Thomas still didn’t answer. He couldn’t have opened the door without waking her so he had to be in there. “The window!” she shouted to nobody in particular. Julia jumped up from the floor to go outside in order to see if he’d left the window open after sneaking out. She stood up too quickly and had to lie back down to keep from blacking out. When she felt ready to try again, she stretched her arms, and pulled herself up to her knees. That’s when she finally noticed the folded sheet of paper that had been pushed under the door. Her trembling hands picked up the piece of paper and unfolded the note, and her tired eyes began to read. When her eyes finished skimming over the scrawled letters, Julia folded the note again and let her hands reach for the doorknob. 
“Thomas, I still won’t turn the knob. I still can’t come in. Please come out.” Julia waited and listened. “Thomas, come out!” The chilling quiver in her voice would almost have been enough to compel a dead man to come out. She hesitated a little longer before going to the living room, where she sat down on the couch and made a phone call.
“It’s my brother,” she said when the operator answered the phone.
The operator told her to stay calm, and listened as Julia explained the situation and gave him the address. Julia hung up the phone, but she didn’t get up from the couch. She listened to the silence. She wondered if it was as silent behind Thomas’s door. She waited. Then, when she’d worked up the nerve, she made another phone call. She fumbled with the buttons and then, as if the phone were composed of lead, struggled to hold it up to her ear. The phone rang several times but finally a familiar voice answered.
“Hello?”
Julia didn’t know what to say or how to begin.
“Hello?”
The telephone trembled in her sweaty fingers.
“Hello?”
Julia finally found her voice. “Dad, there’s something I’ve got to tell you about Thomas. You might need to sit down.”
* * *
When the doorbell rang, Julia still hadn’t gone outside to see if Thomas had left the window open; she hadn’t tried to open his door; she hadn’t so much as gotten up from the couch.
When the doorbell rang a second time she stood up methodically and walked to the front door. Every movement she made was forced and unnatural. She walked as if she were living in a dream. When Julia got to the door she stopped. The doorbell rang a third time. “Breathe,” she told herself.
Her limbs felt heavy, and her arm reached out to open the door as if someone else were moving it for her, and she were nothing more than a marionette. The officer that stood on the other side of the door removed his cap as the wooden barrier that had separated them swung open. 
“I’m sorry,” he offered.
Julia looked away.
“If you can just show me where he is then we’ll get through this as soon as we can.”
Julia looked past the officer and noticed another man in uniform standing reverently by a squad car. This second officer also removed his hat when Julia’s eyes passed his.
“Ma’am?” the first officer asked. Julia could tell that he wanted to come inside.
“Of course,” Julia stuttered. She stepped aside, and both officers passed through the open doorway. 
“Which room is he in?” the first officer asked again.
Julia pointed to Thomas’s door. The first officer walked towards it while the second stood about awkwardly, trying to take in the room, and at the same time doing everything in his power to avoid looking Julia in her eyes. The first officer jiggled the door handle.
“Ma’am? Did you lock the door after you saw him?” the second officer asked. The opportunity to speak professionally seemed to relieve his nervousness.
“No,” Julia answered. “I haven’t been in there.”
“You say you haven’t been in there?” the first officer asked from across the room.
“No,” Julia answered.
“Then how do you know?” the first officer continued.
“I got a note from him that said,” Julia began. “You can open the door with the spare key. We keep it in the kitchen.” Julia retrieved the key from a drawer in the kitchen and handed it to the first officer.
“Feel free to sit on the couch while we go in,” the second officer offered. Julia obeyed and sat on the couch and closed her eyes.
“Just breathe,” she told herself as she inhaled deeply.
“It looks like you were right,” the first officer said as he met Julia in the living room. You understand that we have to make a formal investigation anyway.” 
Julia had no idea how much time had passed since she’d sat down on the couch.
“Of course,” she answered.
“Now you said that he left a note,” the officer prodded.
“Yes.”
“We’ll just confirm that it was his handwriting and that he did plan on killing himself, and we’ll leave it at that.”
“No,” Julia whispered.
The officer looked at her with new eyes. “What do you mean?” he asked. The sympathetic kindness had vanished from his face.
“It’s personal.”
“I understand. But we’ll need to have a look at it all the same.”
“Is there any other way?” Julia asked. She pleaded with her eyes.
The second officer stepped out of the room and whispered something into the first officer’s ear.
“I think we can confirm this one without the note,” the first officer said after a moment of silence. “But if not, we’re going to have to take a look at it.”
“Thank you,” Julia said, making eye contact with the second officer for the first time. She went to the living room and sat on the couch. She opened the note again and let her eyes pass over the words, this time taking the time to really read it.

Julia,
Our little devil was right—maybe you think I should call him my little devil, but he really belongs to both of us. He once told me that we always act on our true beliefs, and all our actions are merely a physical manifestation of those beliefs. He couldn’t have said anything more true. But you were right too, and I want you to know that I realized this before the end. I now know that you’re right even now as you read this, though I won’t be there. And, while our little devil couldn’t have said anything more true, what you said was truer than anything he could have ever come up with. You were right about everything from the very beginning, and you’re outside my door as I write this because you’re right. And here I am trapped inside by your love because I know that I’m wrong. 
I thought that I would find the truth in the first half of my experiment, but all I found was that all of life is meaningless, but you already knew that; you could’ve told me before I’d ever conceived my little experiment, though I wouldn’t have believed you. As I looked for that thing that would give me fulfillment, even while I preached that the idea of fulfillment only existed as a socially constructed value, I came to realize that we’re all hypocrites: the philosophers, the scientists, and the religious. Every last one of us is exactly the same, preaching one thing, but deep down we all believe something different. If we really believed what we preach we would act on those beliefs and nobody ever does. All of our incongruous actions only confirm that we don’t believe any of what we say we believe—what we want to believe. Maybe that’s why we try to convince others. We want the world to believe for us when we can’t. At least I did.
But even when confronted with my truth I could’ve ignored it. That’s the advantage of being a hypocrite; it’s so easy for all of us to turn our backs on the truth. Everyone’s a hypocrite, everyone in the whole world, except for you, Julia. I know that you believe what you claim to believe because you’re outside my room crying. If you’d gone to bed or blown me off, we’d both wake up tomorrow morning and have breakfast as usual. 
Don’t think I’m blaming you for what I’m about to do. It’s not your fault. But if you’d said that you loved me and then gone to bed, if you’d barged into my room, if you’d done anything to show that you didn’t really love me, I could have gone to sleep tonight. But you, you’re crying outside my door because you love me too much to barge in, and you love me too much to leave me alone. You could stop what is about to happen, but then again you can’t; it would be against your nature as someone who loves. You can’t stop what is about to happen because you’re the only one who isn’t a hypocrite, because you really believe in God. I know I’ve already said that, but I write it again for emphasis—everything I repeat I do on purpose for emphasis; yes it all has purpose now, Julia. 
As I was saying before I got off track, everyone else says they believe, but you really do because you love—or do you love because you believe, maybe they’re the same; I’ll never know. But I know that if God didn’t exist, then nobody could believe in him. They could believe like the hypocrites, but not like you. I believe now too. For the first time in my life I truly believe, and my actions will confirm my belief, though I imagine that they’ll be quite different from your own, they will be the first actions of a man living from his beliefs. 
I want you to know that you’re right, and that everything I’ve ever done was wrong. Follow what you’ve found, and tell the world. We won’t listen, but tell the world anyway. If I’d known earlier I might have changed everything. But there’s no time now for what if. I know you’re right, and if you’re right then I am guilty. Nobody else sees that guilt; it isn’t illegal. But I am guilty.
I wish that I could end this letter with love, but only you could write that without it being a lie.
Your brother,
Thomas
p.s. I don’t do this solely so that you can press charges without worrying about the matter of me being tried for assault, but that does work out conveniently for you. I had to point out this simple fact because I’m sure it would get lost in the commotion otherwise, but now that I think about it, I’m sure you won’t take any action against him so even this doesn’t matter.
p.p.s. Please forgive the grammar and spelling. Maybe there aren’t any mistakes, but if there are, but it seems silly to write about such things at a time like this. Still, I know that there is a correct way to write all of this with punctuation and that any mistakes are wrong, but there simply isn’t time to correct everything—if only there were time to correct everything. For you there’s still time. Tell the world. But now I’m only repeating myself, and this time it’s not on purpose.
p.p.p.s. I didn’t want to write this, but something compels me. When I saw you in front of my door I could see something past your puffy cheeks. The lighting was bad, but I could see that despite all the turmoil, you were at peace. That must mean that there’s hope for you, hope for everyone—except me of course. I really can’t be thinking of this sort of thing now. The die is cast. It was cast a long time ago. I’m not quite sure when I passed that threshold, but it was a long time ago, maybe when I was a small child. Who can tell? Or maybe I haven’t passed it yet. Maybe I’ve passed a thousand thresholds, but there’s still one more that I haven’t gone through yet, and until I do there’s still hope. The hope that comes from that peaceful look in your face. But I shouldn’t let myself be thinking these things. No. The die is cast. I am guilty, and there is a standard by which I must be judged.

Julia folded the note and tucked it inside her front pocket. Several other officers had filed into the small house while she sat reading, and when she looked up bodies bustled about in every direction. The second officer, who must have been waiting, sat down on the couch next to her.
“You said that you hadn’t gone inside the room?” he asked.
“No.”
“How did you know that your brother had,” the first officer began to ask again.
Julia fingered the note in her pocket and looked away from him.
“Was it the note that he left?” the second officer asked.
Julia nodded.
“This looks like an obvious case, so we won’t need to read what he left for you.”
Julia thanked the officer.
“Do you want me to tell you how?” he asked.
“No. It’s all the same to me now,” Julia answered. “I don’t need to see, and I don’t need to know because it’s all the same in the end.”
“Some people need to know whether their loved ones died without suffering.”
“I’m fine,” Julia said with a gentle firmness.
The second officer took out a pen and a small pad of paper. He wrote something on the top sheet, then tore it off, folded it twice, and handed it to Julia.
“You don’t have to open it,” he said. “But I want you to have it, in case one day you change your mind about wanting to know.”
“Thank you,” Julia said. She saw men in uniform carrying out a body bag and turned her head away.
“This must be hard for you,” the officer stated. “I can give you a number to call if you want someone to talk to.”
“I appreciate it,” Julia said. “But I already have a few numbers I can call.”
“That’s good. We’ll be gone in a little while and you can call them.”
The officer got up from his seat.
“Wait,” Julia said softly. “Could you do something for me?”
“What?”
“Could you call my mother for me?”
“We can do that.” 
Julia gave the officer Hannah’s number then looked intently at the note he’d given her, before putting it in her pocket next to Thomas’s.
“Wait,” she said to the officer who had already gotten up and begun dialing. “Did he suffer?”
The officer looked away, then turned his head back to her. Julia could tell that he was forcing himself to look her in the eyes and resisted the urge to turn away from him. “Yes,” he said after a brief pause. “I would imagine that he suffered considerably.”
“And once he started suffering could he have stopped it?” Julia asked.
“He probably could have stopped the suffering,” the officer answered.
“But he didn’t?”
“There’s no evidence that he made any attempt to stop the suffering.”
“And he never made enough noise to wake me up,” Julia muttered.
The officer looked at her intently, and then, as if realizing that this last phrase hadn’t been meant for him, turned away. Before he could pick up the phone again or blend back into the bustling stream of bodies that filled her house, Julia took the officer’s note from her pocket and handed it back to him.
“That’s all I wanted to know. Thank you so much.”
“You’re welcome,” the officer said as he took the note. “And again I’m sorry to have to put you through all of this.”
* * *
Hannah hung up before the officer could finish explaining the situation. Then she picked the phone up again and dialed. She trembled as the phone rang.
“This is Abigail. I can’t come to the . . .”
Hannah hung up. She started to dial Andy’s number but didn’t let herself finish.
“If I call him then it’ll be personal between us,” she told herself. “It’s all biology now, but if I call then we’ll never be able to go back.”
She sat by herself for a moment, but knew that even talking to Andy would be better than nothing. If only she had someone else. She picked up the phone one last time and dialed.
“Is Jenny in?” she asked.
“She’s in with a client now,” said the receptionist’s nasal voice. “I can have her call you as soon as she’s available.”
“I’d appreciate that.”
“I just need your name and a number where we can reach you.”
Hannah gave the receptionist her information, though she felt certain that it was already stored somewhere in their system.
“Thank you. I’ll have Jenny get in touch with you as soon as possible.”
Hannah hung up the phone and got up to pace back and forth in an attempt to make the time pass. She remembered how in past years Peter had annoyed her when he’d done the same thing.
“I understand why he couldn’t sit still,” she thought. “And now I’m just like him.”
She turned on the stereo system and put in the first CD that her hands found. “Sometimes you just can’t take the silence anymore,” she thought. She turned up the volume so loud that she hardly heard the phone ring a few minutes later. She rushed across the room to turn down the volume before answering.
“Hannah?” Jenny’s voice asked.
“Thank you for returning my call.”
“What can I do for you?”
Hannah didn’t know where to begin. “Something’s happened. I didn’t know who else to call. Is there any way you could squeeze me in?”
“I don’t have an opening now,” Jenny said apologetically. “Can you tell me what the problem is?”
“It’s not the sort of thing that I want to talk about over the phone. I’d like to come in and see you face to face.”
“I understand, but I’m completely booked until Wednesday. What day is your appointment?”
“Tuesday,” Hannah said.
“Can you wait until then?”
“I don’t know.”
“I’ll tell you what I can do,” Jenny said. “I normally only work a half day on Saturdays, but I can stay late if you want to come in then.”
“We could even do lunch together,” Hannah suggested.
“I appreciate the offer, but I think it would be best to meet in the office. It’s easier to maintain the patient counselor relationship that way.”
“Of course.”
“But you can make it?” Jenny asked.
“I’ll be there.”
Hannah hung up the phone. She looked at the artwork that she had hung on the walls, trying to absorb herself in the images. For the first time she noticed how busy the room looked. “Or is it just cluttered?” she asked herself. She walked back to the stereo and turned the volume up again, then paced across the room, staring intently at the plethora of images that surrounded her.
* * *
Lewis sat in his room trying to figure out how Tina had rolled the paper so tightly. He had no desire to smoke its contents, but only wished to become proficient in the art. He’d rolled it perfectly a few minutes ago, but had undone his work to try again. Now he felt that his previous success had been a fluke. He set the paper out on his desk and tried to flatten it out again. Somewhere he felt a slight tinge of conscience, wondering if what he intended to do was right or wrong, but a greater wave of acceptance overwhelmed his thoughts. 
“Why do people say that this is bad?” Lewis wondered as he tried again to roll the paper. He thought about all the images he’d been inundated with for the past several years, pictures of scary red-eyed monstrosities smoking, or doing drugs. The pictures and warnings he’d seen didn’t bear the slightest resemblance to that group who had taken him in without even knowing him. They didn’t vandalize school property, they didn’t get in fights, and they didn’t look down on him.
“Lewis, I need to talk with you about something,” Hannah said from outside the closed door that blocked her from entering his room.
Lewis called back to her from the other side, insisting that he had homework that he needed to do.
“The homework can wait,” Hannah said.
“I don’t want to talk,” Lewis insisted. His mind raced as he tried to come up with an excuse to get out of the situation.
“This is important,” Hannah insisted. She opened the door and stepped into the room as Lewis shoved everything into his desk drawer and stood between his mother and the evidence.
“You can’t just come in here!” Lewis objected. “It’s my room.”
He waited for his mother to accuse him. He reasoned that he would tell her that she didn’t have any proof and accuse her of not trusting him. Or maybe he would say that his life wasn’t any of her business. After all, it was his body, his life. She’d given up her right to interfere in his affairs a long time ago. Or maybe he should deny the allegations. If she didn’t have proof he could deny anything. And how could she have proof? He resolved to deny anything she might have discovered.
“So why don’t you have a seat,” Hannah prompted.
Anxiety overcame Lewis, and his resolved disappeared as he reverted to his gut reaction.
“I’ve got to go.” He tried to speak casually, but he knew that she saw straight through him.
“Lewis Manchell, sit down now,” Hannah sobbed.
Her shrill voice sparked something in Lewis, and an emotion similar to empathy came to life inside him. The fear of being discovered dissipated, and he obeyed his mother and took a seat on his bed.
* * *
Julia rummaged through Thomas’s room, not knowing exactly what she was looking for until she found a black leather-bound journal. She sat on Thomas’s bed and began to read. Thomas had dated the first entry August 30th of last year.
I always wanted to do great things, big things. But great and big things aren’t the kind of things you can find. They have to find you. I spent a lot of time sitting around waiting for greatness to knock at the door, but who can say what greatness is? The more this ideal greatness avoids me, the more comfortable I found myself in small things: a quiet life, a normal life, and normal dreams. A girl who loves me, who I love (if love exists), a day at the ballpark with the breeze in my face, and sunflower seeds in my cheek. Somewhere, to somebody, these are big dreams. Maybe there is nothing more than to enjoy life and die. 
I tried to live this simple life but when the simple dreams were not busy avoiding me I was busy avoiding them. Afraid that I would get what I’ve always longed for and be dissatisfied because deep down I knew that even these simple dreams were pointless. So I lived in limbo—trapped between longing for the grandiose and the simple, both beyond my reach, longing for something and not knowing what it was. Some days the emptiness hurt so good, like a deep back massage. Sometimes I found that I couldn’t sleep—didn’t want to sleep—because I would rather be awake and lonely. Now that all I want is sleep I can’t find it because of the dreams, horrible dreams that are more real than the farce of a life I lead.
I helped a girl on the side of the road once. She didn’t know how to change a flat tire and neither did I, so I drove her to the print shop so she could pick up some project that she had to turn in. She was so grateful, but it was entirely selfish because I only did it to feel good about myself. It worked for a little while. It was the only time the hurting was really treated—everything else only tranquilized it. I wished that she would ask for my help again, but I’ve never seen her since. I’m sure that she wouldn’t want to be a nuisance, but I want her to call me out of the blue and ask me to do something for her.
“Is this how it all started for him?” Julia wondered. She flipped through the pages and saw that Thomas had left almost all of them blank. The journal contained only three entries. Julia turned the page and began to read on, but remembered her own journal that she had begun writing in almost a year ago. She put Thomas’s thoughts aside, and went to her room where she dug through the catchall drawer of her desk until she found the neglected booklet. She opened to the next blank page and sat with a pen in her hand, not knowing where to begin.
* * *
“I wish I could go back and change a lot of stuff that I did,” Hannah murmured into the phone.
“But you can’t,” came the reply.
“No,” Hannah said.
“Regret’s a horrible thing if it doesn’t change the way you’re living at this exact moment. We can only affect the present and that’s the hardest time to live in. Nobody thinks clearly about the present, because emotions and passions are always getting in the way. The past is always changing in our memory, and the future is full of ambiguity, but the present, that’s definite and inescapable.”
“On days like this I’d rather be living in the distant future.”
“That would be nice.” 
“I’m always thinking about what I’m going to do in the future, but when it becomes the present I can’t ever do what I wanted to do. I always do something else at the last minute,” Hannah admitted.
“Don’t we all,” came the reply.
“Thanks for listening to me,” said Hannah. 
“You’re welcome.”
Hannah hung up the phone. She knew that the phone number she had dialed and the voice that had answered both belonged to Abigail, but she couldn’t escape feeling that she had spoken into the wind. She would have sat alone in self-pity had there not been preparations to make. She found some solace in those preparations, and even more comfort in the fact that she knew Peter wasn’t in any state to help, and that the burden fell entirely on her shoulders. But that wasn’t enough to fully comfort her as she skimmed through the directory or picked up the phone to call the funeral parlor. 
The man who answered the phone seemed to mistake her distraught tone for grief over the loss of her son, and Hannah tried to convince herself that the sobs she held back could not have had any other origin.
Chapter 10
Hannah woke up that morning and spent most of it pacing. If her office had been open on Sundays, she would have gone. She felt her chest where the lumps had been. She relived the fear that she’d experienced when she felt certain that those lumps would be the death of her. She’d wanted so badly for Peter to show up and comfort her.
“I would have opened the door to him if he’d come,” she reasoned. She tried not to think about whether or not she would have opened the door to him if he’d shown up yesterday to comfort her. She especially tried not to think about whether he would have come if she hadn’t done everything in her power to push him away. Instead, she reminded herself that he’d stopped loving her first. 
“The walls I build,” Hannah thought, and laughed out loud. She shook her head, knowing that everything that she made herself say or think was a lie. “But what difference could one more lie make?” she reasoned, and then reminded herself that she couldn’t be fully responsible for all of those actions. So many of her choices had been made when she thought that she might be dying. “It’s funny the things we do while we’re dying.” She didn’t find anything funny about what she’d done to Peter or Lewis, or anyone else for that matter, but she laughed out loud again. “One day they’ll all come down again, all the walls I’ve rebuilt” she told herself, “but not today. And when they do I’ll rebuild them, a little taller, and a little wider.” She laughed at herself one last time, not realizing that Lewis had risen from bed earlier than normal.
“What are you laughing at?” Lewis asked as he crept into the room. Hannah could feel the accusation in his voice.
“I’m laughing at all of us,” she began to explain. “We’re all so, but you’re so young and innocent. You shouldn’t have to hear about these things.”
Lewis fidgeted at her words more than he would have if his mother had discovered the half empty freezer bag that Tina had given him. Hannah didn’t notice.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I know this doesn’t seem like a time for laughing, but sometimes it’s the only way we can get through. Do you understand?”
Lewis nodded his head in affirmation.
“I’m sorry for everything you’ve had to go through,” Hannah added. “These are always hard years for a child, but you’ve been through more than most.”
Lewis nodded his head again.
“I know we haven’t been all that close,” she continued. “But if you want to talk about anything I’ll be here for you. Okay?”
Lewis nodded his head one last time before escaping back into his bedroom.
“It’s horrible, the things we do while we’re dying,” Hannah thought as she watched her son slip out of sight.
* * *
Julia arrived in the city a full two hours before she had planned on meeting her family at the funeral parlor. She’d left early to get away from the emptiness of that house, not anticipating that the funeral parlor would feel just as empty. She sat outside in her car for almost thirty minutes before deciding to leave for Grace Assisted Living center. When she arrived at her grandfather’s room she opened the door gently and let herself in.
“Our lives are like water,” Abraham announced as she stepped into the room.
“Grandpa?” Julia asked.
“Poured out on the ground,” he continued, looking directly at her. “Which cannot be gathered up again.”
“I came to tell you something,” Julia said softly.
Abraham lay in silence. 
“Thomas is dead,” Julia whispered.
“Our lives are like water,” Abraham began.
“Could you speak to me plainly, one last time?” Julia begged. “I know you understand what I’m telling you, if only you could speak to me plainly.”
Abraham didn’t reply.
“I came to tell you that Thomas is dead,” Julia repeated.
“Susan told me,” Abraham said.
“About Thomas?” Julia said, trying to conceal her surprise at the fact that he’d answered.
“She came in while I was readin’ an’ she didin’t see no harm in it as I was always talkin’ out a’ my head.”
“I see,” Julia said, refraining from asking what he’d been reading.
“When she left I flipped all the way ta the front an’ I started all over again in the beginnin’ an’ I read fer a while an’ I was ‘bout ta put it back down ‘cause nothing jumped out ta grab me, but then I got ta the part ‘bout all the punishments an’ I must a’ felt what all those other men had been feelin’ all ‘long when I read those words an’ I saw the answer clear as day.”
“What did you find?” Julia still didn’t understand exactly what Abraham had told her, but she found an unbearable excitement welling up inside her. She tried to tell herself that the excitement in her voice came solely from the fact that her grandfather had found what he’d been searching for, but she hung on his words as if everything she’d experienced had only brought her to the threshold, and his words were the only thing that could help her across it.
“There is a way that seems right to a man, but in the end it leads to death,” Abraham answered.
“Don’t do this; just tell me plainly what you mean.” 
“I’ll tell you plainly, but only you. You see, we’ve all been doin’ the same thing ever since that day. We’ve all been tryin’ ta get ‘round the curses.”
“What curses?” Julia asked finally.
“You know the pain an’ the work an’ mostly the dyin’. We make machines ta do the work, an’ pills ta take the pain, but it’s the dyin’ that we’re really runnin’ from.”
“Not Thomas,” Julia said.
“‘Specially him,” Abraham said as forcefully as he could. “That boy was always lookin’ ta live forever.” 
“I don’t think Susan told you everything,” Julia interrupted. “Thomas killed himself.”
“I told you that I already heard all ‘bout that. Some folks try ta stay in shape an’ live a safe life, an’ others try ta make a name that’ll live on after ‘em—that’s the immortality Thomas was lookin’ fer. An some a’ us get hooked up ta machines ‘cause nobody can believe that a sane man wouldn’t want ta spend his last breaths tryin’ ta live forever.
“Your brother only done what he done ‘cause he finally found out that a man can only run so far. Most men don’t find out somethin’ like that ‘till they’re too old ta care. He was one a’ ‘em who’s too smart fer his own good. He found out that his whole life was just him runnin’ from that curse an’ when he knew that it was goin’ ta catch him sooner or later he just gave up all together. When a man finally sees that he can’t go on livin’ forever he knows that livin’ fer the sake a’ livin’ ain’t enough no more. He’s gotta have himself a reason ta go on with life once he knows that one day it’ll all be over. ‘For dust you are and to dust you will return.’ Thomas found that out, an’ he knew that no matter what he did or what kind a’ name he made fer himself none a’ it would matter.”
“He believed in God in the end,” Julia said.
“I imagine he did. A man can’t hardly look at somethin’ so big an’ not see how small he’s been all ‘long. Feelin’ so small, now that’ll make a man know he can’t live forever.”
“Then it was my fault,” Julia said. She hadn’t been able to follow all of the threads in her grandfather’s fragmented logic, but she felt certain of this one fact. “I made him see how small we all are.” She waited for Abraham to disagree with her, to tell her that she’d done nothing wrong, but he didn’t.
“It’s a hard thing fer a man ta believe in God if he aint ready fer it.” Abraham said finally.”
“And why do we go on living?” Julia said softly.
“Maybe it’s ‘cause we know we only get one chance at life. You an’ me, we’ve all got work ta do.”
“And what do I have to do?” Julia asked.
Abraham didn’t answer.
“Can you just tell me what I need to do?” Julia said into his ear.
“Our lives are like water,” Abraham said, and looked back at the ceiling. “Which cannot be gathered up again.”
“Thank you,” Julia said as she leaned in to kiss the old man on his forehead. She hurried to the door, stole one last look at Abraham as he lay on his deathbed, and rushed to the funeral home.
* * *
When Julia got to the funeral home, the rest of her family had already gathered inside. Peter, Hannah, and Lewis sat in a small office, and Thomas lay silently in an adjacent room. An attendant escorted Julia to the office where she sat in a chair next to her mother.
“We were just starting to make arrangements,” Hannah said as Julia sat down. Julia could tell that her mother wanted to break down in tears, but she kept the façade of composure intact.
“When do you want to have the funeral?” the director asked.
“I think in our case today would be best,” Hannah said.
“Aren’t we going to wait a day or two?” Julia asked.
“In our case there’s really no reason to wait for the funeral,” Hannah said. “We’re all here already. The reason people wait is so that family can be notified, take off work, or travel, and so that arrangements can be made for the ceremony.”
“So why not wait for all of those reasons?” Julia asked.
“Who do we have to notify? Who do we have to wait on? We’re all here making the arrangements now.”
“May I call Sara?” Julia asked. “I’d like her to be here with me.”
Hannah didn’t object, and as Julia pulled out her cell phone and excused herself, everyone else looked back to the funeral director expectantly, waiting for him to tell them what their next step should be. He seemed to understand his role perfectly.
“If you’re all in agreement, then the biggest decision left at this point is going to be whether or not to cremate the body,” he said professionally.
“I think we should have him cremated,” Hannah suggested without a moment’s hesitation.
“I don’t want my son reduced to ashes,” Peter objected.
“He’s dead,” Hannah shouted. “And having him cremated will save space in the cemetery. Why would you want to buy a fancy coffin so we can preserve a dead body in the ground?
“A father needs to have something to hold onto,” Peter answered.
“Then you can pay for the coffin and the plot, because my son is dead and preserving a corpse isn’t going to change that.”
“Julia?” Peter called to his daughter who had stepped into the hallway. “Tell her that we need to bury him.”
Julia finished whatever it was she’d been saying, hung up the phone and reentered the room.
“Tell her that we need to bury him, to preserve the body,” Peter insisted again.
“I don’t know that I can,” Julia answered.
“Why not?” Peter asked. He fidgeted with his hands and his leg trembled.
“From dust you were made and to dust you will return. It’s part of our curse.” Abraham’s words slipped off Julia’s tongue. “Maybe mom’s right to have him cremated,” she said, looking at Peter apologetically. 
Hannah sat up straight, glowering over her defeated ex-husband.
“But she’s right in all the wrong ways,” Julia added. “Grandpa’s right. We’re all trying to avoid the curse, but it’s going to find us eventually.”
“But he’s my son,” Peter muttered. Then, looking at Lewis asked, “Will you be a good son to me? I haven’t been a good father, but I will be.”
“He’s not your son,” Hannah interjected.
“I don’t know what you’ve heard, but you are my son.” Peter knelt down to look Lewis in the eye, ignoring Hannah. Lewis squirmed and finally turned his eyes from Peter to his mother. The confused look sent Hannah into a fit.
“How could you say that? You saw the results from the blood test like everyone else. You’re just trying to confuse my son.”
“He’s my son too.”
“Why would you even make such an unfounded statement?” Hannah objected.
“There’s more to being a father than DNA. I don’t care if the judge can’t see past that. He’s still my son, no matter what your test results say.”
“You tried all that sentiment and none of it held up in court. Nobody cares about your years of playing with him when he was a baby or watching football on the weekends. None of that means anything in a court of law.”
Peter looked to Lewis who shuffled behind his mother’s back. He remembered Lewis’s testimony about how he’d hidden in the attic to avoid his father. He could see the same conflicted look in Lewis’s eyes that he’d seen in the courtroom.
“Stay away from everything they tell you to stay away from,” Peter said to Lewis, who still looked at him with frozen features.
“It’s none of your business, what I do,” Lewis snapped. He’d rehearsed the line so many times that it came out involuntarily. “It’s my body.”
“What are you talking about?” Hannah asked, looking from Peter to Lewis.
“Believe me, I know where you’ve been,” Peter said to the boy. “I know what you’ve done, what you’re doing. I don’t know all the details, but I can see what it’s doing to you. I can see everything clearly, because I am your father. She doesn’t know, because all she has is her DNA, and that doesn’t make her your mother, but I’m your father, and I can see everything. I want to be there for you.”
“You can’t even be there for yourself,” Hannah retorted.
Peter didn’t acknowledge his ex-wife. “Look at me,” he pleaded. “It’s a bad thing, whatever it is you’re doing. I know that maybe it’s too late for me, but not you. You don’t have to be like me. I know you’re my son because you’re following in your father’s footsteps, but I’ve done it all wrong.”
“Ignore your,” Hannah began. “Just ignore him. He’s rambling.”
“I’m not,” Peter insisted. Then looking at Hannah he said, “Ask him yourself. Ask him if he’s started down my path. Go ahead. Or are you afraid.”
“You’re ridiculous,” Hannah said and wrapped her arm around Lewis in such a way that she turned him around as she turned her back on Peter and walked away.
“Tell her I’m right,” Peter called out.
Lewis turned his head just enough to make eye contact with Peter before Hannah ushered him out the door, and somewhere past the confused, guilty, and forlorn look, Peter managed to see a piece of himself in his son’s face: weakness. He trembled as he listened to Hannah’s voice in the hallway telling his son to stay outside until the arrangements had been made. He noticed the funeral director again. The man had leaned back in his chair patiently, and not said a word throughout the entire episode.
“You must see this a lot,” Peter said calmly.
“Death always brings these things to the surface,” the man replied coldly.
“But most families aren’t as bad off as we are,” Peter sighed.
“You’d be surprised.”
“Most families?” Hannah asked, reentering the room. “We’re not a family,” she said to the funeral director. She turned back to Peter. “We used to be married, but if you hadn’t drunk away the memory of the last year, you’d recall our separation and all the legal proceedings. You might even remember finding out that Lewis isn’t your son.”
“I’m his father!”
“And I won’t let your influence ruin him like Thomas.”
“My influence?” Peter shouted.
“Just stay away from my son.”
Peter looked back at the funeral director who had reassumed his role as a nondescript professional spectator.
“I’m sorry, we’re probably making you uncomfortable,” Hannah said when she realized that Peter had directed his attention away from her.
Julia noticed Lewis’s head peaking in through the cracked door, but remained silent.
“This is a hard time for her,” Peter said softly. “Death is hard to deal with when all you believe in is DNA.”
“Please forgive my husband the philosopher,” Hannah said snidely. “Everything is hard to deal with when the only way you can cope with life is by drinking away your problems.”
“We don’t want any flowers,” Peter said to the funeral director. “And we’ll have the body cremated.”
“As you requested I’ve made arrangements for your oldest son to call here,” the director said casually. “We have a room prepared for you where you can wait together.” He stood up from the desk and led the family into a small sitting room.
Hannah and Peter sat as far away from each other as possible, and neither of them spoke. Julia intentionally found a seat equidistant between the two and waited in silence. The director pointed out the phone that sat on a small table in the middle of the room and excused himself, leaving them alone.
“I’m going to go get Lewis,” Hannah said, in a barely audible voice. 
Julia just caught the glance that she shot Peter before leaving the room.
“Is there anything I can do?” Julia asked her father once they were alone.
“Do you believe that somewhere past all of this there’s still hope?” Peter asked.
“I do,” Julia answered.
“I understand everything now, but I can’t believe for myself. Can you believe for me too?”
“I’ll try my best,” Julia told him.
“I’d rather believe something and have hope, even if it is foolish, than to end up where he is,” Peter said pointing towards the room where Thomas’s body lay. “And what if you’re right? No matter the odds the payout should be worth the risk, but then it’s nothing more than statistics and probabilities. Statistics aren’t enough for me.
“I know that I don’t have anything to lose if I believe. The whole world knows I don’t have anything to lose. And I understand perfectly how I stand to gain everything. It doesn’t make sense not to believe, not to have hope. But I don’t believe. And when I heard about Thomas, I felt certain that there could be no hope for anyone. I know I should believe, but wanting to believe isn’t real belief. How were you able to believe?”
“It was a gift,” Julia answered.
“Of course. You couldn’t have willed yourself to believe? You were given the gift of belief.” Peter stopped for a moment as if to think something over. “I’ve been given a gift too, but my gift is a curse without belief. I understand everything; I know that I’ve told you that already. I see all of the little cogs that turn bigger ones, and how each of them is connected, and all of the forces that act upon them, and how they in turn act on others. I know what people think, what they feel, and why they act. I’ve been to the bottom of myself. We’re all the same at the bottom, and when you understand yourself, you understand the whole world. But I’d rather know nothing and have your hope.” Peter paused again then asked almost frantically, “Do you forgive me?”
“Yes.” Julia answered without hesitation.
“Of course you do. It’s easy to forgive when you don’t understand,” Peter replied. “But you should know that I conspired against you. Thomas and I together, and then when I became convinced that he wouldn’t do it, I tried to conspire against you with my father. I didn’t succeed, but you must judge me by the motive in my heart and not by my inability to succeed. I despised you even though I didn’t have any reason. I hated you even though you were the only one who really cared about me. Knowing that, do you still forgive me?”
“Yes,” Julia repeated. “You only acted out of weakness. You said so yourself. We’ve all done monstrous things, but we’re not past hope. That’s what makes forgiveness so easy.”
“I don’t forgive you,” Peter interjected. “You haven’t wronged me at all, and I still don’t forgive you. I’ll never forgive you for the money or for my son’s body. I want to forgive, but I can’t do that either.”
Julia was about to speak when Hannah and Lewis entered the room, bringing with them a deathly silence that pervaded the room until the phone rang. Hannah calmly leaned forward and picked up the receiver. 
“Hello?” she asked. 
The rest of the family watched as Hannah held the receiver to her ear.
“Okay,” she said after a moment. “He wants me to put him on speaker phone.” She pressed a red button on the phone and set the receiver down again.
Silence.
“Hello?” David’s voice said through the phone.
“We’re all here,” Hannah replied.
“I guess I don’t know what to say,” David said. “I wish I could be there.”
“So do we,” Hannah answered.
“How are you all holding up?” David asked.
“It’s been difficult for all of us, but we’ll pull through,” Hannah said.
“Dad, are you there?” David asked after another brief silence.
Peter said that he was.
“How have you been?”
“I’ve been better,” Peter admitted.
“I can relate to that,” David said. He went on to tell Lewis to do well in school and asked Julia about college. They all made a little more small talk, going from one topic to the next until they’d discussed every subject under the sun, except one.
“We’re all so proud of you,” Hannah finally said.
“Thanks. It was good to get to talk to everyone. And like I said, I really wish I could be there,” David responded.
Desperation overtook Julia; she wanted to say something more, but couldn’t find words to express her sentiment.
“Come home soon,” Peter said. 
“We all love you.” The words poured out of Julia before she realized that she’d found them.
“I love you all too,” David answered. 
Julia could hear relief in his voice, as if that had been all he’d wanted to say but hadn’t known how. Hannah picked up the receiver and let it down again to end the call, and the family waited in a somewhat easier silence.
Chapter 11
When Sara arrived at the funeral home, the director led the family into a small chapel. The family sat together on the third pew from the front. Hannah kept Lewis on the far edge acting as a buffer between her son and Peter. Julia sat next to her father and Sara came in last and sat in the fourth row, just behind Julia. An open casket had been left on the stage in the front of the chapel, presumably with Thomas’s body inside, though the pew was so low in comparison to the stage that nobody could see inside to be sure.
The ceremony lasted only a few minutes. After a few words were said about life and death, and Amazing Grace was played over the sound system, the director, without any frills or fanfare, offered to leave the room so that the family could view the body alone. As he walked down the aisle nobody else moved. 
“May we look at him together before it’s done?” Julia asked as the doors in the back of the chapel closed behind the director.
“Haven’t you already seen it?” Lewis said from the far side of the aisle.
“No,” said Julia. “And I’d like to see the body one last time as a family.
“There’s no need for that is there?” Hannah said pleadingly.
“It would mean a lot to me,” Julia replied. “We all drift apart and then collide back together. We never comfort each other; we’ve never mourned together. Can we look at the body, all of us together, as a family, even if it’s only for a moment?”
Hannah and Peter assented. Lewis followed as one who had no choice in the matter, and Sara crept to the back of the room. Julia led the family down the aisle and up to the stage where the casket had been left. She stared at Thomas’s plastic features as the rest of the family fanned out around her. The mortician had closed the eyes and painted the face in such a way that the body hardly had the appearance of the brother she’d known all her life. She looked intently into his artificially tranquil face, but couldn’t detect any of the pain that the officer had told her about.
“Oh Thomas,” Hannah muttered.
“I’m sorry, son,” Peter whispered.
Lewis stood frozen, peering into the casket with his eyes glazed over as if they couldn’t relay the gravity of the image before them to his brain.
Julia felt Abraham’s words burning inside of her. “There is a way that seems right to a man, but in the end it leads to death.”
“Oh Thomas,” Hannah repeated.
“I’m so very sorry, son,” Peter whispered again.
Lewis opened his mouth, but no sound came out of it.
“Wisdom is better than folly, just as light is better than darkness,” Julia said under her breath.
Hannah put her hand on Julia’s shoulder and stepped back from the open casket. Julia followed her mother’s lead. Peter came right behind them. Lewis lingered a little longer, peering into the casket before catching up with the rest of his family as they walked down the narrow aisle that led back out into the hallway.
When they arrived in the hallway, Hannah pulled Julia aside.
“Do you think that Peter’s right about Lewis?” she whispered. “I’ve never smelled anything.”
Julia nodded her head in affirmation.
“Why?” Hannah asked.
“I could smell the,” Julia began.
“No, why would he do that. There’s no hope for him either is there? There’s no hope for any of us. We’ve all made our beds. But he’s so young, just like Thomas. How can it be his fault? He’s just a kid. He’s supposed to be happy and carefree. That’s what kids are supposed to be like when they’re growing up, but look at him. He can’t even look me in the eye. He’s grown up too fast, and in all the wrong ways. Why can’t he just be happy like he should be?”
“Why can’t any of us just be happy?” Julia asked.
“We’ve all made decisions,” Hannah sighed. “But nobody should have to make any of those decisions when they’re so young. I can’t help thinking that maybe all of this is my fault. Maybe Thomas was right; maybe this world shouldn’t exist. Oh, I can’t believe I just said that, but I’ve been thinking it for so long now. It’s too late now isn’t it?”
“Too late?” Julia asked.
“It’s too late to change anything. We’re all stuck in our ways. We’ve all made our beds.”
When Julia didn’t respond, Hannah motioned for Lewis to come, and he dutifully obeyed.
“Why?” she asked him.
“What?” Lewis responded.
“Why did you start?”
Lewis looked away. “It’s none of your business,” he said, but the words escaped from under his breath and without any trace of the emotion he’d rehearsed.
“I would’ve told you,” Peter said to Lewis from a few feet away. “If I’d known that you needed someone to tell you, I would have warned you. I just didn’t know. I mean I knew, but I thought you were so young. Why did you all have to grow up so fast? If we could all stay children forever, but don’t pay attention to me. I’m sorry son. I’ve been a horrible father.” 
“It doesn’t make sense,” Hannah said into Julia’s shoulder. She didn’t cry, but Julia could tell that she wanted to. “Why would anyone, he was so happy; he had everything and he just . . . he was a smart boy. It doesn’t make any sense; it’s not logical.” Julia embraced her mother, not sure if she was talking about Thomas or Lewis. “Can you just tell me why?” Hannah repeated as if speaking past her daughter, addressing some entity whose existence she had never found credible.
“I have something for you,” Julia said. “It’s a paper that Thomas wrote last semester. I found it in his room yesterday. It might be difficult for you to read, but it might help you understand.” Julia produced the document from her purse and handed it to her mother. “You can see that he got a ‘B’ on it, but that was mostly for using too many citations and not enough of his own thoughts. But I’ve read it, and everything on those pages are his thoughts.”
Hannah accepted the pages and tucked them under her arm. “We’ve had more than our fair share of disaster,” she observed. 
Peter shook his head, and Lewis stood silently, unsure of what he should do. Julia saw Sara, who had been waiting patiently a few feet away, and went over to embrace her friend. She glanced over her shoulder to make sure that nobody was close enough to overhear her, and she whispered into her friend’s ear.
“There is a belief and a hope, but I don’t quite know what it is. I only know that it gives me peace.”
“Maybe you don’t always have to know what you believe in,” Sara offered.
“No Sara. I do. Thomas was right about that one thing. Maybe I’m just afraid of the answer. When I realized what Thomas had done I wanted to cry. I needed to cry, but I couldn’t. The tears wouldn’t come no matter how hard I tried to make them. There wasn’t anything left inside of me to cry out,” Julia confessed.
Sara looked away as she spoke. “I cried for him last night. I cried for your brother even though I hardly knew him.” Sara spoke softly and Julia had to strain to hear. “I cried out of pity because he seemed like a lost little boy.”
“He doesn’t deserve to be pitied. He worshipped nothingness with more zeal than anyone I’ve known. If anyone worshipped your God like that they’d be first of all the saints.”
“You really don’t think he deserves to be cried over, not even the least bit of pity?”
“He doesn’t deserve it,” Julia said, but her lips quivered as the words passed out of them, and she clenched her jaw shut. Sara wrapped her up in her arms and neither of them said anything. Julia cherished the moment: Sara’s soft sweater under her chin, the sickening sorrow in her gut, her best friend’s arms holding her, the congested sinuses, and the salt stains left on her cheeks as the tears dried. And as time passed she soaked it all in; she wished that the moment would never end. It was as if in that moment all the broken pieces of her life came together to form something whole, as if she had touched something bigger than the present, something eternal, and that moment became her entire life, more than her life and she held onto her friend even tighter.
“You say that he doesn’t deserve pity or tears, and here you are crying for him,” Sara said. Julia didn’t detect the slightest hint of mockery in her voice, but rather a tone of confirmation.
“He doesn’t deserve to be cried over,” she said again.
“But you cry for him anyway?” Sara asked.
“Yes. I guess I do.”
“Even though he doesn’t deserve it?”
“Yes.”
“Then you’re more noble than I am. I cried for him because I thought that he deserved to be cried over, and here you are with puffy cheeks and a runny nose on his account even though you know he doesn’t.”
Julia didn’t know what to say. Sara wiped her shoulder with her hand and Julia noticed that her runny nose had left snot on Sara’s sweater. As she tried to apologize she couldn’t help laughing. It was the kind of awkward and relieved laugh that can only come from a spirit crushed with grief. The laughter was genuine as it mingled with the sorrow, and the two emotions bred something entirely new in Julia.
“This is joy,” she said and stepped back from Sara. She knew that this sensation was what her grandfather had been looking for, what everyone had been looking for all their lives. “This is joy,” she repeated. She didn’t know how she had found it, or rather how it had come to her in such a dark place, but she cherished it. And then going back to where her family stood she quietly announced, “I am going to look for suffering.” 
At this Peter looked at her intently and said, “I know I haven’t been a great father, and I’m in no position to give you or anyone else advice on life or the human condition, but I can promise you that I know this one thing.” His right index finger trembled as he held it up less than an inch from his daughter’s face. He leaned in close to her, and for the first time since she’d arrived at the funeral home, she could smell the traces of alcohol left on his breath, his clothes, and coming out of the pores of his skin, but she waited for his response.
“You don’t have to go looking to find suffering, or pain, or death, or any of those things. You don’t have to go downtown or even leave this room. I promise you it’s in this room.”
“I believe you Dad. I want to be here for you. We’ve all suffered so much, and deep down we’re all the same. The whole world is suffering, and I want to feel all of the pain and suffer with everyone. I don’t want to make the world better. I just want to share its suffering, and do what little I can to help. We’ve all suffered so much, but it hasn’t been enough.”
“How could you say such a thing at a time like this?” Hannah asked.
“Because just past the suffering there’s something deeper and stronger,” Julia answered.
“I’m so glad that you can still believe in such things,” Hannah said. “I’m so glad that you can still believe, even if there’s no truth in it. You do believe that there’s a God don’t you?”
“Yes, somewhere out there,” Julia answered.
“And you’ll find him in the suffering?” Peter asked.
“I believe that if there is a God that I’ll find him in suffering.
“Then go find him, and then come back for me. Not today or tomorrow, I’d reject everything now, but promise that one day you’ll remember me,” Peter said pleadingly.
“I will.” Julia took her father’s hand tenderly with her own.
Julia looked toward Hannah, but her mother didn’t return her gaze. Then she turned to Lewis, who had stood perfectly still throughout the entire exchange, almost forgotten. His eyes were wide, but she couldn’t tell what was going on behind them, except that he was taking in everything, and that maybe for the first time in his life he understood exactly what was going on around him. She wanted to scoop him up in her arms, but refrained and looked back to her father.
“I guess I should get back to the house,” she said apologetically.
Peter asked, “Couldn’t you come home for a few days?”
“I don’t know where that is,” Julia answered. “Is it your apartment, or Mom’s house, or the house that burned down?”
“Just come back for me before I forget you. I won’t want to forget you, but I will. I’m so weak. Everyone can try their hardest to remember, but we won’t be able to remember forever. I couldn’t go on if I forgot you.”
“We’re all forgotten eventually,” Julia said. She glanced back at the small chapel, but the director had already closed the doors.
“So what are you going to do?” Lewis asked.
“I don’t understand,” Julia said.
“What will you do tomorrow?” Peter asked.
“I’ll wake up in the morning. I’ll pour a bowl of cereal and a glass of orange juice. I’ll sit down to breakfast, and then I’ll shower and get dressed.
“But then what? What will you do?” Peter asked.
“I’ll go on living,” Julia answered.
“Then that’s what I’ll do too,” Peter said thoughtfully. 
* * *
On the other side of the city, in a small room tucked away in Grace Assisted Living Center, Abraham Thomas Manchell inhaled deeply. He breathed in all of the air and all of the life that his lungs could hold without bursting. And, while his body busily exchanged oxygen for carbon dioxide, his mind wandered elsewhere. Nerve endings fired across synapses causing muscles to contract while neurotransmitters in the brain relayed an array of emotions and sensations. But Abraham was only aware of the air that filled his lungs, and the contented smile that he couldn’t have kept from spreading across the worn crevices of his face even if he’d tried. He held in that big gulp of life for as long as he could, and when he felt that he couldn’t hold on to it a second longer he let it all go, exhaling that full breath of air just as deeply as he’d taken it in.
