FREE FILIPPA! 
Hannah Shilling
Copyright 2009 by Hannah Shilling
Smashwords Edition
This is a work of fiction. References to real people, events, establishments, organisations or locales are used entirely fictitiously. All other characters and all incidents and dialogue are drawn from the author's imagination and are not to be construed as real. 
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.
Published by Acedusa Books
http://acedusa.wordpress.com
http://acedusa.wordpress.com/free-filippa/
The principle of sufficient reason states that anything that happens does so for a reason;
For anything to exist, for any event to occur, for any truth to obtain,
A cause must be.
Which, by-the-by, leads to the imposition of determinism, and an existent God.
So it has to be this: quia Deus nihil sine ratione facit - 
Because God does nothing without a reason. 
1 
A reason for Filippa being here is that seventy times a minute her heart beats.
At a time t this is how it is. Even though it was simple, so simple, to reach out and touch her thirtieth birthday, queued so soon after the coming twenty-ninth, 
Always on the verge of volumes shall speak to me, thought Filippa,
New waters to the Amazon, which rolls ever onward, 
And she, Swedish surf dude, arriving messianic yet uncertain of her welcome,
The problem was her Disagreement. 
She wasn't totally sure about the nature of her Disagreement. The closest she could get, if she really had to be pinned down, was probably something around significance. Inside her, a debate beginning to brew as to whether she really did own a significance, because, when the soupy maelstrom of ovum and spermatozoa is taken into account, wow... could well have been otherwise. 
She wondered whether she should be offering a greater gratitude, that might be it - privileged to occupy this chunk of time, this cake to consume and call her life: it's not given to everybody, after all- 
Not wrong there. A slippery conduit, a canal, easy to mistake that for a chain, a chain of causality, events following on from events; some necessity had selected her, just her, from a choice of many.
A bit like it was all Directed.
A bit like the God old people use.
In June, following her assassination of Tom Cruise, which would have been in April, Filippa started a new job in the insurance business. That's near enough. It's much easier to say "I'm in the insurance business" than: "I'm an actuary." For then one has to go through a big, long explanation of what an actuary actually is or does. 
An actuary is primarily concerned with risk and therefore, as soon as money enters the equation,  insurance against risk. Mainly, and originally, life expectancy, which branches into health and betting. Tabular data to be presented, showing how people's life expectancy is related to lifestyle factors, and, on the betting side, how good a bet they are for life insurance, therefore how to calculate their premiums, and therefore how to turn a profit.
Filippa has had a lot of different jobs in her time.
Filippa is inaugurations. String them together? She has to try.
Brand-new, these watershed moments, my moments she knows them as: inaugurated, perforated, renovated, discarded. Making her life oscillatory. 
Either a Red Sea parting or a deluging wave.
By her regular abandoning of enthusiasms she may be known: a non-finisher, of course. 
Maybe... it's more like that she is a colander. Until she is herself a description not of the causes and effects of life, but a description of the chain of cause and effect itself. 
Until she will come to know that she has only these spurts of inauguration, maybe... 
Filippa started the job looking to be something, or trying to fit in with the world, which are antagonistic. People get jobs in order to eat, to be satisfied in their own minds, to fit in with the world, three sterling qualities conforming to the framework of everything from Neanderthal to space ships. Yet as soon as you went out into the cosmic, the job - like all others - was without meaning. How the sheets of paper she shuffled could make anything really happen, in terms of significance, well, just not possible... is it. 
They do say that 28 is a dangerous age. 
The new boss: a robotic little man, with servos, wheels and a grating voice.
Answer the telephone: ungracious, cranky people on the other end. 
Produce stuff: fill up the wastepaper basket. 
Actuary? They think you are mordant black, with a scythe; but if you want to have fun, how about that?
Filippa went home after her first day as an actuary, and fainted with the exhaustion. As with all first days in a new job, she thought she wouldn't be able to go on.
For the first month, she was shadowing others, or had Svensson as her tutor. Sven had clearly been a weirdo, because he had produced a double weirdo. Creepy. With an open-necked shirt, too much chest hair shown. As a teacher, first class. Cagey and reticent, the old lag who had been on the office so many years, knew everything, disagreed with it, and had a quiet way round it. 
He did start off by informing her that data was plural and there was nothing more to be said about that.
"I'm too old for this job." He'd freely admit it. 
"I wish we could... You know, the Americans have a truth drug, amytal-" 
"I thought they used lie-detector machines," said Filippa.
"If only we could use that on people before they filled out the forms... We'd have a lot less data on people who dropped dead at 58 and never touched a drop of alcohol in their life. People lie so much and skew everything, it's dreadful." 
He was caught: the difference between a world where all people did average things and the other one.
He had a story, possibly true, of the man with the prosthetic leg, surfing on the Gold Coast - had his good leg bitten off by a Great White. Wooden leg, surfboard, untouched. Maybe he had an identical twin... We could go back and do some kind of genetic experiment. Chances? One in two.
They did a lot of work for the military: about life expectancy, and had provided a conclusive answer to the question of whether it was better to have women in the army or not. 
"If someone shoots you through the head, your life expectancy is low." This was a joke. Svensson had made it and Filippa felt duty-bound to laugh.
The Christmas party that year, among the knots of coldness, the stultified conversations, call it date rape, or Christmas party rape - when first Filippa began to feel a little woozy, she knew she'd go on to lose all inhibition and he would have his wicked way with her.
But she had foiled his plan.
The giddiness increased, and she dropped to the herringbone woodblock floor. It must be sodium amytal... which he had previously mentioned with such approval, let us not forget. 
"The glass, get the glass..." she managed to whisper.
Had he not been by her table a few moments before? And before dropping into delirium, her accusing finger was straight at Svensson. 
Although she was surprised the police were not involved in the subsequent investigation - maybe to the strength of giving him a caution, or a fine, something like 2 weeks' wages - sacking Svensson seemed excessive. All she wanted was to ensure he did not do it to her again; other people should make their own decisions. 
He went out with his possessions' box. Creepily, hunched, looking out from under the shoulder sideways, a marginalised person, like the Jew, Fagin. His wife had then turned up at the office and made a scene. (That must have been some weekend in their household, smouldering, flaring, dying back, bursting out again, when he explained it). She was indignant about some kind of injustice she felt she - they - had been subject to, and had made threats, even against Filippa, which was despicable in the circumstances.
But she was soon disposed of. The office soon returned to its routine. The door had been closed on Svensson, the old lecher.
At a time t this was how it was. 
Filippa went home on the bus. It was a horrible dank evening and rain seeped into her undergarments. 
Actually, about the truth serum, she had lied her head off. 
She closed her front door behind her and made herself an omelette. 
2
One day is a hundred thousand heartbeats;
The calmer sort is well-placed for the happy retirement.
Or, perhaps, with the stimulation of pursuit, the day is longer, x 1.3,
And the enemy of the people has the lower life expectancy.
But, within the meaning of the act, she is doing it, easily, straightforwardly;
Invulnerability, which is not what she expected at all.
Where does plausible have its home in all this? asked Filippa of herself.
Callous on carpet, she was across the bed sideways, arching her back so that palms and forehead touched solid floor, yogaesque. Preoccupied with herself, had just drifted to this posture. Now she had a good view under the canterbury of magazines, seeing all the dead flies and fluff - and good that nobody else was presently in the house, clothesless as she was - a real eyeful for any Peeping Toms. 
The run of spiders, lice and odd beetles who liked to eat wood. 
Her arched abdomen, belly, some would refer to as a temple. Domed, as if a baby were inside, were it not for the arched backbone, which is the cheat. 
She had not seen anybody the whole weekend - going a little loopy, as would anyone would in those circumstances. A dream prison sentence or a prison sentence dream, something... A baby, yikes... had she just said baby? Like what women are supposed to do?
A clasping, mewling lizard at her breast. Ugghh.
"I firmly believe we need to include plausibility," said Filippa. 
Plausibly: 
-To the casual observer, Fru Turnquist had no children. 
-The shoes, she dissolved in acid, waiting over ten weeks for the foul decoction to obliterate all traces of them, before allowing herself to return to the zoological gardens. 
-I rushed up the stairs as fast as I could take them - to find my first wife still watching the television and completely oblivious to the wedding ceremony just finished below. 
-Said the spaceman to the cowboy: If you can't do it, I can. And so it was raygun rather than revolver that dispatched our dear friend.
-Brimming with shame, they took the long and separate roads back to their respective houses,  never to be thought of as homes again.
-Chastity is the randiest girl you'll find this side of Appletree Creek - all we need to find now is a hair-dryer.
Filippa was leaning out of the landing window, which did not open fully, trying to dislodge the snow from the wooden porch roof, lest it crash, lest the postman sue. Last year, she had scarred the paint with her flat pusher, the willow-green porch roof had a black, spongy scar on it, come April. 
Lest it hit the postman and trouble arrive. So what could be wrong with some trouble? She desisted from her agonised shoving, and took in the scene outside in the street.
If everything has a reason... 
Eddy, son of Mr. Fagerstrom, was taking pictures of the tree stumps left after the council works; he has made a petition. He wasn't wrong with the fact that they were unsightly. 
His father will not move the cat. Long ago, he was instructed not to, by his wife:
Not if it is sitting in the outdoors seat - never. 
The wife has been converted to ashes, the bones ground and scattered in the wind. Still Mr. Fagerstrom will not pick up the cat and plop it to the grass a few feet away. The tortoiseshell cat, very wise, with the air of very competent.
If everything has a reason....
Plausibility is a defensive screen around us. A sun-tan oil. An alert to fire if a mere finger is prodded into surreal, just one. More cautiously: if we don't have plausible, we are storing up trouble for ourselves. Faith out of fear, we develop a belief in plausibility itself. 
Maybe that's how it goes. 
-Wizened is a strange word, he said. At that precise moment, I realised from him I had learned enough.
-I knew this would be the day I thought most about in my old age.
-Now that's just what I was thinking, he said, as he brought the car to the side of the road and gestured for her to get out. 
-The bed bore distinct imprint of a body. No blood stains, but the furrows made an abyss dark enough to persuade.
-The colour sergeant brought them to attention. The colonel then stalked along the ranks of the men, bellowing the one-word sentence Complicated! to each static face a couple of inches away from him. As he neared the end of the ranks his exclamation took the nature more and more of an interrogative. 
Was it plausible Eddy would become a strange recluse when Hr. Fagerstrom died? The council had a lot to answer for; they might push him into this. And, after all, Eddy only had one more parent to lose. 
Eddy wasn't odd in any way at all, not that you could spot; however, he always seemed to be associated with odd occurrences. Somebody had told him it was much easier to get the tree stumps out of the ground if they were burned. So even now he was preparing got some petrol and do the council's work for them. It was pretty easy to realise the fire could easily get out of hand, and spread to Mr. Fagerstrom's shed, then, maybe even, their house. The fire engine would have to come out.   
Filippa remembers the time Eddy had the argument with the telephone man, which ended with blood on the face of the telephone man, and him pretending he couldn't see. Because he had come along in his van, the picture of burly competence, but suddenly a hitch, no can do- 
No. Someone would have to come with a hoist- 
Next week, most likely, with it being a Wednesday now. 
He was refusing - rules is rules - to repair the line, because that would mean going up the telegraph pole, and he'd just noticed the notice put on it by the last telephone man, DO NOT ASCEND. Because of the last couple of metres of the pole being weather-damaged, split, rotting, definitely unsafe.
Eddy wasn't going to settle for another week without a telephone and still having to pay the line rental on it, pointing out - reasonably, Filippa felt - that the local kids were always climbing up the telegraph pole, swinging off it, generally behaving in an antisocial fashion. Right to the top and none of them had been killed or seriously injured. 
The upshot of Eddy hitting the telephone man was his instant blacklisting by the civic services. Although that probably wouldn't apply if there were an actual fire to put out and Eddy's father made the call.
"And did I get a refund?" asked Eddy, rhetorically. "I did not."
Plausible tends to beset. 
At least everything is less plausible than it might be. 
Is her origin plausible? Alternatives: her parents may have been doctors or dustmen or thieves, or she may have been conceived accidentally when her mother bumped against a basting syringe. Highest danger, roundest degree, a plethora of dice pirouetting their decision. Realising she was taking in a raw gulp of the universe, Filippa cringed back, her mouth beginning to burn with the poison.
3
Fairness palls. It really does. You start off with dedication, a degree of conscience - as, surely, the person before Leif had done, in their time - and yet, with familiarity, comes contempt. And, with deadlines to meet, efficiencies.
"I would much rather produce honest copy, I really would," he grumbled to Filippa. Leif felt he had assert it to someone.
His job being to produce publicity material for a well-known animal charity. An images man, still and moving, he would go and get them. Kittens in dumpsters, of course. Also cats with their heads stuck in tins, bullocks with their heads stuck through ladders. A cockatoo rescued from the Underground. A roe deer somehow stranded on a flat roof, petrified. 
Predicaments that would be traumatic, if translated to the human condition.
And by God it was his job to serve them up to the humans who were susceptible in this matter.
It's just the day-to-day working pressures, they blur the boundaries. So it had not been long before he was taking a degree of pre-written script with him, and, because they were necessary as well, the props. 
He assumed his manager knew what was going on; although would deny all knowledge if it came to that. She was a difficult person to get along with, not doing much work herself, angling for a job elsewhere, distracted and unpredictable. Practically rogue now, but still with all the power. 
The stories were written up and dispatched to the usual agencies; the text, he never had to worry about.
"The helpers at the Rescue Centre say she is in good spirits and friendly despite all she has been through. Gabby should make a full recovery and with her engaging ways should soon find a new home. We can only hope that whoever did this to her is soon located and prosecuted."
It was all done with the proper safeguards. The Animal Welfare Officer thought they probably couldn't. The dog would be distressed, and that was his ruling. 
It is a mimesis: a representation of Nature. In this case carried out by an organism not well defined as an animal.  
The seal ate the penguin, the orca ate the seal. Leif kept a scorpion in his room. He did have two but one killed the other.
Leif trotted round the corner and swept up Filippa in an embrace. Leif was older than Filippa, not much, something like eleven days, and always had that air of wisdom. To which she would defer, only laughingly.
Place the figurine, a toy footballer, to represent Leif in his shaved head, his loopy grin, and then on with the plan like a war game, move it towards from the figurine representing Filippa.
"Emotions are very bad things," said Filippa, such that she might now be going down a route of clinicism. And Leif might not be. But she was sure they had a long relationship in prospect.
Swedes don't often get out of their overcoats. Leif and Filippa thought of having a holiday - in Canada? Or Barbados, would be better. Somewhere warm.
"That's if I still have a job."
She said it just wasn't plausible to imagine him getting sacked if it all came out, but she would be there for him, whatever, and anyway: Fetch the kittens!  
Leif and Filippa together had this catchphrase: Fetch the kittens! 
On the basis that a tub of kittens could pretty much solve, at a stroke, any ill in the world. 
-Hämta kattungar! Hämta hjälp! 
All he wanted to do was get the shots and then get out of this place, the greyest, coldest, windiest place in Sweden, Swan Land. 
His assistant, unpaid trainee Julie Hager, who was there out of a genuine love of animals, was on her phone. 
"Can you get on with it, please," muttered Leif.
I'm not a trained photographer, but how hard can it be, were the thoughts of Miss Julie. Her job now was to teeter on the lake's edge, waving at the swans and trying to get them into profile. The curve of the neck, perfect. If we can get some sun around the magic hour, gilding the reeds, blueing up the slate water, the swans will reach silhouettes and that will be a perfect job done.
Does she not know the story of the Knight of the Swan, a mysterious rescuer who comes in a swan-drawn boat to defend a damsel, his only condition being that he must never be asked his name.
"No. What was his name?" asked the trainee.
In the Norse myth, the Prose Edda, two swans drank from the Well of Urd in Asgard, home of the Æsir. The well water was so pure that their feathers turned a perfect white, and they transferred this property, by genetic inheritance, to all their offspring in perpetuity.
The manager of Swan Land was clearly becoming uneasy about it all. He kept coming out of and going back inside his wooden gift shop and ticket office, where no doubt he was observing them covertly from the very edge of a window. What the man needed was a uniform, a well-fitting, black uniform, so he could strut or lurk around as the fascist he is.
The music was going to be minor key, creating an atmosphere of melancholy and loneliness, and from the soft focus will loom the serene animals. Leif stalked yet another swan, to get it into profile, and the swan, would it do what was asked? As he clambered through another bank of reeds, fearing the loss of a shoe in the pock of a puddle - there, profile, get the shot - but gone again, fleeting, fugitive... 
He threw a stone near the swan, to rotate it, another stone, nearer, attempt to...
"We are at the mercy of the swans!" he shouted along the bank and the wind caught his voice and threw it away from any hearers.
4
Filippa came home and toasted bread with a bread knife, hanging on like Errol Flynn dropping down a sail, having first got out the old two-bar electric fire, in a disturbed mood, all the office chit-chat stank, it was a fool's paradise. No good reason why she should have to be part of it all, After a day when she had to hear other's pop music; she hated it, all this music, it communicated.
Once, she had electrocuted herself, by mistake. The metal rod had caught against the end of the element of the electric fire, and she'd got the jagging up the arm, yeow. 
Electric shocks are strange. They are do-or-die, in retrospect. 
She had some German pate with the toast. She was undecided. The ECG machine was in the corner of the room, looking at her. Having spent so long on the calibration, when it was fresh out of its box - the new toy extracted from all its cardboard packing, strewn, gleaming and new.  
She did her ankles first, and then, with the help of the mirror on the ceiling, the torso electrodes.
Leif had once asked: "Why do you have a mirror on your ceiling?" He had all sorts of ideas in his head.
One of the plastic-covered electrodes always slipped. She had spent a lot of money on that ECG; the price bore no relation to the cost, because it was usually taxpayers' money buying it. Prices multiplied by ten whenever public funds might be involved. And the graph paper wasn't cheap. 
Anyway, she leant over, clicked to start, and the machine ran, and she inspected the results; she analysed them intently. 
If she could save up for the defibrillator... vastly expensive. 
There was a defibrillator in Stockholm railway station, in a red-for-medical-emergency box. The idea being that you rip it open and save lives of commuters, all stressed out with the pressures of modern living. They could then go to the hospital to be checked over, before they were allowed home again. There'd been a news item on the television when they installed it. The winsome reporter had told Filippa what a useful advance it was.
On television, she had watched them doing CPR - in a hospital, different programme. Exactly, she had watched a very junior nursing assistant listlessly pumping away at a patient whose face would not be shown, but by the wrinkles was old. Filippa was horrified to see the disinterest. Cardiopulmonary resuscitation. Not a sight of the rich, prestigious professors of medicine for that one. It had failed, and the television showed the still chest. It lay there, still, dead. Too much fatty food. 
By 35, she could consider an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator - if she started saving now. 
Sponsored walks, they were very popular, Or rob a bank, as she had seen. 
Long QT syndrome, abnormal repolarization of the heart. AF, always AF is the start.
So she delved about in the map of PQRST. QRS complex. Premature atrial contractions (PACs).
She imagined an emergency cardioversion, with Filippa lying prone on the busy railway platform,  done by a placid, young, gay man who had spent all his student life waiting for such an opportunity to demonstrate his skills. For there should be not a touch of heroism involved. All should be professional: no pretext of talking to her afterwards, maybe getting her phone number.
Spiritual. The pads applied was a Missal.  
Back in sinus rhythm, came the introit, and the smile behind the mask, final repetition of the antiphon, thank you.
The commuters broke into spontaneous applause.
Filippa should thank someone who is paid to do a job? Yes, she should.
The blood pressure cuff goes on. The doctor pumps the black pear. Filippa prefers it the good old-fashioned manual way. Hiss, and it comes down, another hiss...  
"It's perfectly normal," said the doctor.
"Can I ask what it is though?"
"It's 120/80." He had a blank face on, just wanting rid of her.
So she was spiked atop the standard distribution, unhappy place to be. The two shoulders of alienation, either one would suit. It's not as if she's fussy.
Since another year must pass before she can reasonably go to another doctor - too much chopping and changing already - this doctor would have to do. And he had looked as if he would be someone she could manipulate, looked like it, anyway, with his slightly pappy face and too-large eyes. 
A woman in her twenties should not be concerning herself with her ECG, especially not if everything is normal, seemed to be his final word on it.
Filippa rolled down her sleeve, and asked what was to happen next?
5
A pinned backdrop of black with silver dragons, cats, stars, pentagrams. Or concave decagons. Planets slightly stellated with flare. Rumbustious decor that looked the part and would persuade any that they had come to an astrologer.
In search.
As Filippa would have it: I am searching for the remedy - salve, poultice or tisane - that renders some meaning to my life. For a long time I swore by feverfew.
Sage tea is slightly easier to stomach than liquorice root tea.
Worst is camomile. Sure, we dutifully drink it down, but if we were to be honest for once, our consensus would have to be along the lines of summin died in there.
"When you say that, do you actually mean meaning in your life? Or do you mean a healthy mind?"
A perceptive one, this astrologer, Madame Noir. With the strong implication that even religious people can confuse achievement and tranquility as goals.
Madame Noir had tresses and dressed with flared, pendulous sleeves. 
"But astrology can provide," said Madame. "When Saturn returns to that station, the exact station, it occupied at your birth, it is time to enter the next stage of life. This is the Saturn return,
it comes approximately every 29 years. This is what you are feeling now."
"Yes," said Filippa.
"We cannot say for certain when each return will come."
"Not to the day, no," said Filippa. "I understand." 
Saturn heaved up as a malodorous pensioner, as an old man swinging a sickle, bluntly, missingly.
A sickle that, if it connected at all, brushed the stalks, and they bobbed away unharmed.
Not a crisp click of cut, or cult.
A harvest cancelled. Saturn ready to begin a battle against mercy, but was too old now, should have started sooner. No time like the present.
Saturn deposed by coming children, despite eating them as fast as he could go. Moloch, thy name is Saturn. 
"My father never beat me, he did everything else but that."
"My mother has always made logical decisions, she is equable in her punishments and rewards.
I assume they played their part in this, and so I cannot take the blame entirely, but I have never attained the degree of neurosis necessary to be a great person. Whether I mourn this, or have anger because of it, I don't know. But I just haven't the hurtitude in me."
"A great person, whatever that is," said Madame.
"I don't think there's any doubt at all as to what constitutes greatness," replied Filippa.
The dreams she can cook up under the influence of valerian.
Yerba mate, now there's a drug.
Her previous astrologer had been most keen to promote the benefits of fully appreciating the implications of reincarnation. "If the German people knew that one could be born Jewish in one lifetime and Christian in another, the Holocaust just couldn't be on the radar. Just the same, when  Palestinians realize they can be reborn as Jews, and vice versa, when Sunnis understand properly they can be reincarnated as Shiites, and vice versa, then, you know, it will all melt away. 
Cancerians should always make use of their carapace. 
Sagittarians should make use of their arrows. 
Filippa had felt a lot less comfortable mentioning other alternative therapies in front of her previous astrologer. Crystal healing, a caffeine-free diet. 
Madame Noir was thinking of changing the decor - some herbs in pots, to give a forest effect. 
Hot stones and reiki also possibilities. To not have to battle to fill each day. 
Ideally, you may be feeling excited about a new project, but it can also feel like you're under pressure - as you know from before.
You may develop an interest in separating yourself from the pack.
Jealousy and possessiveness may cause conflicts in your romantic sphere.
Expect to receive numerous messages of many different kinds.
"Astrology is not about states, but differentials... therefore causes," said Madame.
Filippa could not help her eyes becoming brighter. And so Madame produced her triumphant benefic for her paying client.
"It is your road. It is your travel. It is your growth. Contrary to popular belief, the sun sign is not who you are, but who you are becoming during this existence. Some people identify firmly with their sign and others do not. This just means some people have further to travel."
"Really?" Filippa had not heard this one before.
"Absolutely."
The paying client was amazed. This is powerful notion, and I am not sure all astrologers would agree with it, was Filippa's instant decision. She wasn't quite convinced, although her head nodded, almost to the state of questioning whether she was actually being told the truth here.
Equally, she knew she would be back at the astrologer's booth next week.
6
Henrik never meant to frighten the guy into a fatal heart attack,
But he was dressed as a policeman at the time. 
In those days Henrik had fancied himself as a comedian: told jokes on a stage, got a few claps, which can change a person, and in general all had seemed to be going in a peachy fashion. Via a university friend, he had begged the smallest rôles in a film that was being shot in Morocco.
So when - and none of this was the workings of chance - he heard he was in the same town as his hero, a big guy at the time, a success, worth trying to get in with, he knew he had to meet him. 
The Comedian had a nasty shock, or so it would appear, when Henrik jumped out in front of him.
Not really jumped out, more came round a corner of hotel corridor just that little bit too sharply; probably quite hyped what with the anticipation - and wearing the uniform.
"God, you gave me a fright there," after a few moments and curse words.
Henrik had apologised, naturally, and hadn't really had the chance to speak much more, or get an autograph, not that he wanted an autograph, he wanted a helping-hand in the profession, didn't he.
And four hours and seventeen minutes later - or later that night, reports differ - the Comedian was suffering a shortness of breath with a reedy pulse. Ventricular fibrillation was the last thing he experienced. 
By somehow, Henrik had developed the ideation that he was the cause of death of a genuinely-popular comedian with an international reputation. It had pierced him. It was a medium-sized stake plunged into his chest, to remove it by challenge would be perilous.
Whenever Filippa was with Henrik, she felt a duty of care towards him and his problems.
As a result, Henrik spent his life taking long walks. Off towards Eskilstuna, a few kilometres at least, or follow the waterline on concrete through to Nacka. He might break his walk at a café, where he would sit in front of a coffee for two hours. Often he would arrive at Filippa's having walked kilometres of banal, functional streets, the function boring into him, doing terrible things.
And the dread, that he would be seen for what he is, the weirdo at his routine, like Søren Kierkegaard being mistaken for a watch. So he would beg her street map before he went out into the morning, to plot, to randomise, not be spied by busybodies with nothing better to do. My memory is longer than theirs... Lord and that's so! 
He often found woods, or a park, ticked off his list, then he would come back and smoke weed, or some evenings visit Filippa. If not at Filippa's overnight, he slept at his parents, or his sister's, if she was not tired of him at the time. 
If he could reach back, he wouldn't have done it. 
We repeat our mistakes, habitual. This is not a mistake Henrik is likely to repeat, so why so glum?
The weed was expensive, so he sometimes went to town and got electrical goods. The bank balance went up and down; he mostly dared not look at it.
When Henrik and Filippa were in bed, he seemed to carry the chill, and they never really got warm, despite her efforts. 
"The bed socks? Not again... We are getting like an old married couple."
The girlfriend he had been with at the time was often on the phone to Filippa:
"How's he getting along?"
At a later point in the call she would say:
You know, I'd have him back... but, you know....
Filippa was always sympathetic to her. She waited through the long pauses when the girlfriend, whose name who could never remember, struggled inside herself with her own guilt.
"I wish I could have him back... but, you know..." 
And she always ended with thanks for what you're doing for Henrik, thanks so much.
Comedy was a dangerous subject to mention near Henrik.
The identity of the Comedian should not be given out; it would be intolerable to his surviving family (if he has a surviving family).
The Comedian was an acquired taste: some found him funny, some didn't.
Some of the Comedian's characters would not stand up to the fast pace of what's acceptable today. 
As they mature, they often find a way into Pirandello, even Beckett or Gogol - a light comedian, who did not go deeper. And so he is difficult to assess. 
By seven o'clock or thereabouts on the evening in question, Henrik's hip holster had no gun in it. During the day it had held an imitation pistol, which nevertheless had to be returned to the props-master at the end of each day's shooting.
"Those are the rules. Can't have you all over town, scaring people with it," said the props-master and looked hard into the young comedian's soul; maybe he saw something.
Possibly not a good idea to have been walking in the street in Morocco dressed as a imitation policeman - but when young you do that sort of thing. 
The concrete made from cement, made in Sousse or Sfax, and transported here in Volkswagen trucks.
Filippa thought she understood the whole vignette. The pure wheels of God, definitely. Scrapbook material for any philosopher.  The general practice of the universe to run in isolated concentricities, unspannable by consciousness.
Cocaine puts a real stress on the heart. So does between 4 and 6 packs of cigarettes a day, high tar. He was in fear of the tax authorities. He was in fear of policemen due to his carrying cocaine on his person. 
And, like all, he was in fear of his life-expectancy. 
As the adrenalin kicked in, the blood drawn from the extremities, the pallor, the sounds resulting from the shock were firstly a sharp, gulping inhalation, then a sharp exhalation, then- 
"I'm really really sorry, I didn't mean to."
"That's alright. But for Christ's sake..."
"I hope you're ok."
"You're not a real policeman, are you."
"No, I'm in the film. I haven't had time to change." 
But the Comedian was already gone. Leaving fugitive, unsaid by Henrik: 
"I'm a great admirer of your work." 
7 
That's nothing compared to what Filippa is going to do to Sofia Ellen Sandvik. 
Whenever Leif, she is. Sticking her podgy nose in. And the dewy day of their visit to Karlskrona and the Fortress of Kungsholmen, when they all missed the first train because of the mess-up with the information, that finished it, what they had together.
You would think, wouldn't you, she might not produce the girlish titter in front of me, when Leif makes a nothing comment about the wind being cutting off the sea? While we trailed round the rooms, and looked at the guidebook. 
And leant over the harbour wall to look at the slate sea. 
And her drippy present boyfriend, that Kristian, with the blackheaded nose, who had the arm in plaster that day, along for the ride - he rather in the shade of brilliant Leif. 
And they ended up talking about some man who built everything out of wood, powered by water, in way-back times, God, for the sake of Jesus Jesus Christ, this is boring.
Cold it is in Karlskrona. At the far north of the world, Filippa had stubbed her toe on one of the many pebbles. She could see Leif knew to ignore the clumsy efforts - don't worry about her and her schemes. 
Built of wood and powered by water, all the machines were, back then in the barbarous seventeenth century. 
"That's clever," said Sofia, gushing. 
Or Oksana, as the ungainly waddler is henceforth to be known as.
Thursday, Friday, oh look, here comes Sofia, can't get rid of her. 
The tanker that is Othello cannot be turned; Othello and its character all hangs on a cause. From single root, the tree and all the fruit thereon. 
Their parents knew each other, after two mothers had met in the same maternity ward. Gone through the same. The two children, for a while, referred to each other as cousins. 
Hallo cousin! And smother in a hug. As if, in their unity, they added up to a family.
At the funfair, Filippa had won a prize of a coconut, while Oksana had once won a balloon. 
When Filippa and Leif have relations, Oksana is the barrage balloon behind his right ear. Made to heave and surge by his movements, or go bobbling off into nowhere. 
Sisterhood? Well, it is quite reasonable to claim that Oksana ignored that first. Filippa had been keen to maintain it, she had. So what in Oksana's makeup caused this theft dimension? That anything Filippa had, she needed to take from her? 
Oksana and Filippa played out a sterile cul-de-sac. Persistently doing what they did, wrongly. 
"Ask Oksana," says Filippa, in her due appearance. She seems to know everything you could possibly want to know.
At one of Oksana's legendary St Lucia parties - her parties were legendary - they played Deerhunter, with Pfannkuchen filled with mustard or jam.
Oksana wore a white gown with a red sash and a crown of candles on her head. Lucia, lux eterna, the patron saint, the fire that refused to take St. Lucia's life when she was sentenced to be burned.
Everybody had a great time, it was good to catch up with people you hadn't seen for simply ages.
Henrik has been drinking with his pals: death metal bikers who called themselves Satan's Jokers.  Rather than Gothic script and Lucifer riding a Triumph, they used a tumbling dice device across the back of the jackets. The intellectual property of the Rolling Stones - and they were waiting for the old rock and roll band to complain in their direction, but nothing so far. Most likely the biker gang was too small to register, certainly as a threat. And the capitalists would bite on nothing if they did try. 
Deerhunter can be played with doughnuts, beer in tins, or with bullets. The Deerhunter part would be the intellectual property of whichever Hollywood studio made the film.
Here, the impasses piled up. Oksana must suffer, if there is a God, thought Filippa. 
Four blanks have picked successfully from the batch of six, and we have reached the classic of Deerhunter in any of its forms: two kuchen left. 
Oksana's fingers hovered, and everybody is intent and digging each other in the ribs. A big, rising oooOOOH when she looks about to choose: she draws back.
She gets her head down to table level to search for baking imperfections, reveal a tell-tale yellow stain of the injected mustard, but nothing, and she takes ages, and Oksana still hasn't made her choice. Cheating, really. Big bite when you play the game properly, you must lose yourself. There is no fun in it for anyone, the way she's doing it, you simply damage the game, thought Filippa, with a certain bitterness. 
The taste isn't so bad, it's the shame, the real shame - even though it's a synthetic method at arriving at a scapegoat.
And it was her party, should she have taken part?
While Oksana still interminably guessed and almost selected, a moonlight sonata of ripe tranquility had grown. A voice did come: out of pain, hoarse. It was Filippa's. 
"Ironic, isn't it? For once, Sofia doesn't want to eat."
8 
He was Americano with a line in Svensk mangled:- "Du har några engelska?"
Jack London wasn't around to buy him a whiskey, but he was still panhandling in the hope of socialism, sliding from table to table. Gnarled in the joints, this buckskin old timer, and anxious to ingratiate, so much so that you expected him to do the Roscoe Arbuckle business with the capering forks and bread rolls. 
Reaching Filippa and Verner, he began: 
-Well, I guess you tenderhorns might like to hear about the time I met Robert Kennedy, brother of poor dead Jack Kennedy. Which is a sad old tale in itself, and you might think when you hear it that it's been the cause of lasting troubles to my good self, yes sir indeed. 
Anyway, it must be thirty years ago now and, those days I was in the north, great little shack I had, and the shooting was good, and yes, he was coming to see the place, the big man from Washington, so we was all looking forward to that. Robert Kennedy, no less. At a shake-hands for the locals, when his royalty got out of a Buick, I pushed meself forward. A li'l tongue-tied, I guess I was, so first of all I said how sorry I was about his brother. 
Well, thank you very much, he nodded at me with his head.
I said, Mr Attorney General, I understand you're planning to climb Dusty Mountain... Seems... it's like this, Sir... You know it's been climbed before, Sir?
And all he said back to me, just before he just walked off, you know what he said? -I'm not your Attorney General any more.
Enough to tell me 'you are a little person' and he just passed on by, with them cold fish eyes of his. 
All these people round him were saying it was the last unclimbed fourteener in the whole Yukon. They had pressmen there. He was going to go up, taken up there by the proper mountaineers, and then they were going to name it Mount Kennedy, all for his dead brother.
But it wasn't true, hell, loads of people had been up there. Trappers and outdoorsmen had been to the peak: I'd been up, it's a great view on a clear day, but not much else. We called it Dusty Mountain, because of Dusty Glacier next to it. They'd call it Mount Dusty, because proper mountaineers say Mount Something, but we always say Bear Mountain or Pelican Mountain. It's the other way round, if you are a big-shot.
Anyway, I felt I just had to go up there as well. I watched them for ages coming up the last ridge to the summit - and they just made like I didn't exist when they got up there. They took some pictures, and I stayed out of their way. He looked at me, once, like I was making a fool of him, but, sure as anything, he was making a fool of himself.
Really, I had never wanted him to make a fool of himself, that's why I spoke up in the first place, it needn't have come to that. Hell, I know wasn't going to be welcome, but when are you going to quit with this pig-headed idea?
And they soon trooped off back down again. They left a medallion in the snow, in a little leather bag, which I picked up afterwards, thinking it might be worth something, which it was, I got 12 dollars for it.
 
Filippa soaks up the essence of the man. What are you saying? What are you trying to say to us?
They have gone on their trip: stay in Lapland, get a flavour of the Arctic, and eat some reindeer. So why give whisky, which could be yours, to this man, was going round in her head.
But he had more.
-You know? A week later it was, I was asked to come by the Mail Office by the mail man - we didn't have any cops around the place - and when I got down there, there were two Federal Marshals, they just picked me up and put  me on a plane. The plane took off, I was infuriated. It all happened so quickly. 
I've never been able to work it out. I s'pose the long and the short of it was the Swedish government said they would have me. Their long tradition of neutrality an' all that jazz.
When I went through passport control, there was a sign saying Welcome to Sweden. I went out on the concourse and it was a big emptiness. I hung around at the doors, but there was nobody to meet me. I had the hankering to go straight for the wilds. I just walked along the road and kept walking. So I wonder whether if I had gone to Stockholm, where everybody else went, they would have greeted me, maybe given me somewhere to live, as a political refugee or asylum seeker or something like that.
-So here I am, the panhandler said to them.
She talked about it with Verner afterwards, lying sideways across the bed, feet dangling. The cotton was slightly damp; it was off-putting. 
"Did you give him anything so he could carry on getting drunk?"
"Yes, I gave him a bit of money." 
"To prove his story... he never showed us the medallion, did he." 
"He sold it... he said."
"Well, he would say that, wouldn't he. What more can we say about it?
"Not a lot," said Verner, with his scientist face on.
"I assume his brother really was killed... and didn't just get out to that Caribbean island, like people say he did." 
"Why do you say that? Everybody saw him, bits flying off his head and-" 
"They can fake anything, films can." 
"No, he's dead alright."
"Yes, you're right," said Filippa. "It's so unfair, it must be true." 
9
Of thin frame, unpreened. Greasy hair of the cerebral.
Faintly desperate victor ludorum: thinking he need naught else to prosper. 
Verner, who is Filippa's boyfriend, was a loose flapping individual, prominent nose, pterodactyl, tall. From the fabled land of snowmobiles, and large trucks that pound the straight roads. Large trucks tend to hit elk no problem - but hit an elk in something smaller and big problem.
Verner is not slow to tell everybody how it is. He appears not to heed how they react to his assistance. Contributory misanthropy.
All through his university studies he drummed his fingers on any close-by flat surface. He still had to do his three years, just like every else.
-Take your hurdles in their correct order. 
And:
-Be not on the edge of the shoal, not unless you know precisely what you are at.
He always looks like he has slept in his clothes. He makes a mistake. Laughs instantly. I'll turn that joke against me before you can.
In his cups, he talks nineteen to the dozen and his broader accent comes through. A Norrland accent broadcast loud when there are no other good Norrland men to come to his aid - and he knows it - is much more an aggression. His accent comes and goes. Intermittent.
Evaluate Verner and one gains a relatively small return. He's the ravioli guy, who has been to Meticulous University, first class honours. Filippa suspected that if you wanted someone to remove your gall bladder he'd make a proficient job of it.
Ravioli, pierogi, kreplach, wonton, vareniki. Call them what you will. Infinitely variable.
Sauced with the lightest broth, as a moistening, a delicate rain. 
The addition of melted butter is compatible with most.
Tortelloni and tortellini, meat and cheese, jiaozi or gyoza in Japan. Go to Nepal, to the Transcaucasus, to India, and you will find the wheaten parcel has got there before you. 
Verner was into the wheaten parcel.
Tonight, minced mutton, bok choi, mustard and anise in the butter and perhaps some lovage, which is number 3235.
Number 1 had been a ricotta and spinach in a sage butter. Begin at the beginning and work into a fan tracery.
The first dessert version was number 20: a Spanish Marasca Morello cherry (picked in June) compote, equilibrated with medium Turbinado sugar. 
Numbers 254, 488, and 1466 had caused food poisoning. Two out of the three had included a shellfish component, 488 was pork.
The basis of flavour combinations, a very pure testbed - there is a great volume to be written.
Verner's writing-up of his ravioli taste experiences had not extended to a personal analysis: his affect, his doings, or an analysis of his mind during the following day, until that day was modified by the next farinaceous evening meal.
All that subjectivity was resisted.
The structures of life - we have so many combinations left to test.
Since he was always flush with money, Filippa nagged him on the restaurant visit, somewhere really posh - she didn't often get to these places.
Agnolotti stuffed with pumpkin, a salad of baby artichoke and artichoke purée, and for the gentleman, a gigantic T-bone steak with spunta potatoes and garlic. It is chef's signature dish
"Oh that's good," said Verner. I'll have that.
T-bone steak.  She was not expecting him to reach over and try some of her agnolotti, prepared on an unscientific basis.
He's a medical student, he started out in anthropology, usually people slip back, he slipped forwards, measured in the career's general prestige. 
They enjoyed the meal. They talked about various things, films and buses, emergency vehicles. 
Eventually he came out with another one of his, that all of ladies' fashion was solved by a simple ensemble, white, black and a bit of red.
Plain, undecorated, black coat and skirt or trouser suit, white, possibly mens', shirt, set off by an accessory, red handkerchief in top pocket, a brooch, lipstick...
"Is it a coincidence that these are the colours of Nazism?" asked Filippa.
Which shut him up for a while.
Over the dessert, he indicated that a white T-shirt and light blue denim jeans might be acceptable for weekend casual wear.
Black, White and a bit of Red: his true nature has swelled up, that of a Lindh supporter.
But he is the guy who obtained the sodium amytal for dear Filippa, and so must be praised for that at least. He was really worried for about a week afterwards that he would catch a load of shit for it; he would be slung out, all his work in vain.
Not a problem. These things never have any consequences. And for that kindness, she will be with him forever. 
Faintly do-or-die, no seconds, is Verner.
10  
Her doctor died. 
By his own hand, as was obvious to anyone with half a brain. Although the legal process, the inquest, the coroner, managed to find a different explanation. 
Filippa was very surprised to hear it. Sure, he was a pappy, blond, public-schoolboy who blushed easily, blancmange, erythrosine. But he had everything going for him, she used to see him in town with his young family, the two children. He was in the gym club, and he raised money at the fund-raisers, doing his bit for the local community. On the surface it had looked like he was enjoying the best of lives. 
He was missing for four days. He had travelled all the way up to the Arctic Circle, climbed over a barrier with barbed wire on top, thrown himself in front of a passenger train.
Multiple crush injuries.
She wasn't too sorry though. He was the one who wouldn't sign off on the heart monitor for her, as if he reckoned her to be a dreadful hypochondriac, and had probably been congratulating himself on having seen through her.
Tough job, general practitioner, very well paid, but tough. Actuarially, general practitioners are likely to choose suicide by train. They either drive their cars onto the tracks, or slip off the platform in front of one. It's a marked trend, well out ahead of other means.
Why? Because pills - most popular among the general population, and so easy for them - would reflect badly on them professionally. They do think about afterwards. And also, most doctors being fairly arrogant, they seem relatively unconcerned about the train driver's feelings.
"I assume," said Filippa, "that there can be a moment of great pain, and that's even before you consider the ones who survive, there are a few. I hope he suffered some pain, at least."
Filippa was furious at the doctor for doing what he did. He had a young family. Now these children would grow up without a father, and a question as to their value in his eyes. He is to be despised for his weakness, in not struggling along, keeping going to do his best for his children.
Maybe his wife had been unfaithful.
He was comfortably off, which doesn't solve all of it, but might if you let it.
For his wife: it's usually at moments like this you discover your husband has left behind unwise  investments, or vast debts due to a gambling addiction. Or had a string of women on the go. It all comes crashing down. Nothing like that here. She will be getting a new conservatory from the insurance payout.
It's cold at Nacka. The water is quiet, except for the lapping of waves along the muddy shoreline. Look at where the bridge marches out, its first arch stretches away. There are three more, but the lake fog usually covers them. On the pedestrian walkway, make it as far as the first H of the suspension and you will be above deep water. 
The waters will slam with the same force as being hit by a car, they say. Every organ ruptured.
What Filippa would like to do is haunt the place, find one, intercept them, ply them with the amytal, get the truth from them, and then they could go, cleansed, having told the truth, it would be good for them. 
"Have some tea," and a flask offered to him, "it's liquorice root. It might taste funny if you're not used to it." 
"Tastes funny," would say the jumper, his first words after not jumping, 
And would spill, not my wife impossible to live with, it was me, all my fault. 
I was the one who kept the string of women, even though I blamed her for the smallest thing. 
Past tense. After that, Filippa would thank him, and it would be up to him from then on, whether he went through with it. Now that she had gathered the data, she would step away, being concerned not to upset natural order.
And, when they want to, inquests will always reach the verdict "Accidental Death" - even when it beggars belief. (He'd climbed over a two metre fence with barbed wire on top, it hadn't been at a crossing or anything.) 
Why? Because the government likes to keep the suicide stats down. That's the first conspiracy. The second is more personal. 
Vital to the cashing of life insurance policies, such as all high-earners have. You won't get anything if it's determined to be suicide. It is a kindness to the family left behind and a defrauding of all others who pay into the premium pot. 
The reasons are very easy to comprehend. The problem is that they make a world that is very hard to comprehend.
-Not at all hard, said Ludwig Wittgenstein, and explained further to Filippa. 
11
The eyes, brown, large, dry, clear. Long lashes. Sights never seen. Wont to arch an eyebrow - piercing, they see Verner, Leif, Henrik, they see further.
Not quite straight, a kink in it that sends it Roman rather than retroussé, an Arab nose: the Levant, khamsin, crossing the waterless tract. A nose that is knowing rather than guessing.
Expressive, the mouth a full battery of curls and twitches, but the geometry of the mouth, straight lower lip, demilune upper, not too full, not too red. And combined with the cheekbones, tending to give an effect towards the Ukrainian, Byelorussian, that facial package.
Only two fillings, upper left 3, lower left 2, both of amalgam, not gold.
She can fix her masseter muscles into stony. Her chin, it can jut.
Her father's chin. I am easygoing but always a point beyond which I will not be pushed.
A chevron of white scar. Nestling just under the shelf of the jaw, right side. The corner of a kitchen table did this, when she was that height.
Those mid-length hanks gathered to a chignon: she may or may not decide on pigtails tomorrow; still they will be streaked prematurely grey.
But with a yellow tongue, most odd, not pink tongue one would hope for. She has always been slightly worried about her yellow tongue, which should put any right-thinking male or female off but doesn't seem to, too much.
A mirror burnt by her gaze. 
If you want one word to sum her up. Procacity.
If you want the heart of Filippa, the gold-plated core of her being, she wrestles with a question. Her disagreement might be a question unanswered - or a consensus answer she dislikes.
Somewhat barrel-chested, big-hipped, but there's no flab, not yet.
Long strides, bounding, a rather irregular swagger, lumbering along, unballetic but unmilitary.
Having been aghast at how she appeared at the wedding, when hiking up that grassy hill as a big tangerine blob. 
She does have a low voice for a female: wheezy, rasping, hoarse.
Sometimes, and she would prefer it if less often, her speech goes growling.
So that insults start to burrow past them, meeting some other authority behind, that Filippa intends to please or placate. The entity might ask her: -What have you done that is so clever, that you try to worm in with me?
How does she express and suppress her sexuality? She knows she chooses partners who are harmful or manipulative, and friends that are a bulwark against this dangerous sexual practice. 
They support he when she is self-destructive 
She wonders whether she has sex too much, hanging out a flag for the future. After wondering this, she slightly wishes there were fewer partners.
What is she afraid of? Is it valid fear, or is it a phobia.
Being a transmit, rather than receive, sort of person. 
The inclination to comply willingly with the wishes of others: amiability, complaisance, no.
When she had been ordered to do the psychometric testing, the Introversion, Sensing, Thinking, Perception tests, she came out as Architect and Crafter. Very low on Teacher and Provider.
She also had a strong sense of the hidden principles that govern how the world works. Well, that was daft to start with, anybody with a knowledge, a strong knowledge, of the principles governing the world would be just the one to know that we know almost nothing.
She is, the test results claim, interested in theoretical models and explanations, and when other people put forward their own theories she is quick to test their robustness in her own thought experiments.
She enjoys solving intellectual problems, a reducer, and seeks to understand the real truth behind any situation, even when it involves several complex factors.
Does she give any credence to Terror Management Theory?
What is her idea of justice? Obligation, imposition, fairness, atonement?
Is she morally judging of others? How does she express it? Complaining, nagging, lecturing, physical retribution, reporter to the authorities, internal simmering. 
What does she do when she judges that she has acted mistakenly? Hej då. Oh well, better next time, hopefully.
Ask yourself this: what is the best thing that has ever happened to her?
Has she let go of something, only to realize afterwards that it was precious to her?
From death to justice, from justice to mystery.
She spent her time trying to think of the German word for the fifth road, another road that is not on the cross of two roads... a spur road, something, German seemed to be the only language with a dedicated word for this phenomenon. Another road, another name for it. It was a mystery, and difficult to find out, almost - even in this day and age, where you could look things up on the internet, which encompassed everything - almost, something that had to be known before it could be found.
Då så, tyvärr... she drops a big sorry to the unpeopled room, also lets drop the hank of hair, 
She musses it across her eyes, so there is just a glint of her, but she can see it all.
I can see you, but you can't see me.
That one about being the only animal who knows it is going to die.
12
Hit by God's best shot.
Id est, she could have been beheaded by the skystone, but wasn't.
The reason is that Filippa was sitting in that place at that time. She was watching a winsome  woman drone on on the TV - who then split into two winsome women, one static, the other blown free, a little more lively, to lurch around, and snap back to first winsome woman for a moment, before away, free and gone...  
Then a period of darkness. 
The meteorite had struck her plumb on the forehead. And she had been out cold for five, ten seconds perhaps, until she had come to and had seen the two meteorites resting at her elbow.
Two elbows, make that. Two left hands, ten fingers aboard them. Eight walls to the room, she shakes her spinning head. 
In the plasterboard ceiling a number of holes divisible by two: to wit, two. 
Cross-eyed vision, she sees two gods.
The disdainful, cavalier God and the God of loving-kindness, the two make an impenetrable conundrum.
Freed herself of her former vision, has she? Lost her faith in the old statutes.
The doubling went to a single focus, sharper than before,
At the end of a lightyear journey, the bubbled rock, iron-rich, had dropped to rest by her hand. The hoar-frost thawed. It lost its cosmic wonderment. Now it would make a passable paperweight, about all.
Unless... Act as a chain - what God hath wrought, pass it on. Be the uncomplaining vessel of God's Will, the agent of all his foibles, or his mercy; cleverly, never voice any objection, any attempt to break the chain. 
She knew where she'd kept them when she stole them from the hospital. She went and got a surgical glove, picked up the skystone and put it in a packet carefully. Then noted the date. Since it was clearly misaddressed, she hoped this was justified.
Presently, she was euphoric, of course - the bang on the head.
I have wine and a meteorite, what more could a girl require?
She had tried first at the castle ramparts, Karlskrona, but the meteorite had missed - luckily for Oksana. Luckily for Filippa also, it landed in soft, well-dug earth and could be surreptitiously retrieved. 
The huge target and she'd still missed. But Oksana does not really have a much bigger head than the norm. Oh yes she does, suggested Wittgenstein to Filippa.
And one misty evening, Filippa went round to the apartment block where resided Oksana and her drippy boyfriend, to the fifth floor walkway and balcony. Ballistics, ballistics, without introducing any vector of deviation she dropped it over the balcony,
And missed again.
At the shopping centre when quite by chance she'd seen Oksana, tried dropping it, missed by about two metres, never even noticed. Perhaps breathing too hard. Snipers control their breathing. They also learn to sight their rifle without closing their unused eye, which distorts the optics the of the used eye - if you want perfection... Being God is hard.
Just like Galileo, she should have first practised to get the result wanted, before doing it for real. 
What she needs is a preparatory test firing. Drop an ordinary stone, mark where it has landed. A piece of chewing gum, large enough to be seen, something like that. A pace and a half before they hit the mark... A chalk circle, better aiming. Like the man who used to go round marking the dog excrement with chalk circles, in a great campaign which had been talked about in the city for quite a while until he'd been taken off to the psychiatric hospital. 
Oksana led a charmed life. Try as she might, it just wouldn't transpire the way Filippa desired. 
She caught a child a glancing blow, who screamed and screamed, and there was, Filippa thought,  probably blood, difficult to tell at that height.
The woman who, quite by chance, had been struck by the falling ice from the shopping centre roof, and her child it had missed, and the child had wandered off, nearly got run over in the confusion, remember that...? 
Filippa had never been a child herself. Not really. Not so much that she burst fully-formed from her father's head, bearing a war-axe. More, having decided never to perpetuate the species - or the race - she had made the solemn vow not to learn anything of children, their strange doings, since she would not be needing it.
A chain of causation can only veer off-course if there's planned or destined or supposed to be a course.
Filippa could not be God. She went down and collected the stone. Unbroken. She decided against going back up for another go, or seeking to manufacture any more chances. Oksana has done this, there's no more need for her to do any more, to do anything really, and Filippa went home.
Really, you should be recording deaths, and not creating them. 
Another number divisible by 2 of the number of people subsequently hit by the meteorite: to wit, zero.
13
Customs officers are men with small manhoods. This customs officer was a woman and of course she had no sympathy. The passport was perused. The image was silently ridiculed.
Something had come up wrong with her passport, Filippa enquired. Don't have to answer your questions was the look she got in return. 
How could they avoid slipping into this peaked-cap power? 
Sit down there. Without a please or thank-you. They made sure you could see the innocents flowing past, off undetained to their holidays, or business: they flowed. They made sure you sat there, the malefactor, a conspicuant, also to be observed by the presumed innocents.
She knew what it was. Security had been stepped up due to Tom Cruise's assassination. That was big news. And they were just being careful in the heightened climate of fear, which large countries, in their paranoia, go through at these times. Not good with foreigners. Although, given that her flight was America to Sweden, surely it would be easier just to be rid of her and not give her such a hard time. 
The customs woman was plainly not satisfied.  She had a New York drawl and vowel sounds, so - let's be careful out there - conformed to the stereotype. And then it was into a small room, windowless.
They do this game where they open the door every hour or so, make you think you are going to be interviewed - and the heart leaps more than a little at the prospect of freedom.
"I need to confirm some details. What is your name? And you are from D_____, in Sweden. Is that what you said last time, I'm not sure it is..." and consult the papers, walk out, shut the door again. Another hour or so to simmer. Filippa wished she had brought a travelling companion, although that would have brought its own problems.
They were across the desk, the pair of them (a mighty big man had joined the female customs officer: broad shoulders, though mournful around the mouth; he doesn't look like his heart is totally in it). Are they partners, not in the biblical sense, but in the sense of always being paired together on a shift? Watching out for each other's back, as if they were policemen, which they had probably always wanted to be in the first place.
"You packed your own suitcase? And it has never been out of your sight?" The big guy went through the full history. "You are here on holiday?"
"Yes... I'm not a drug runner, you know."
"No, of course you're not," he said. 
"Is this because I am Swedish? Is that the reason? I bet you don't do this to Americans."
And he became quite affronted. "That's unfair. Totally unfair of you." 
He then told her what a great place he thought Sweden was. The way of life having a lot to commend it. 
With the ice broken, over the next hour, they got onto the problems the pair of them were having. His problems, to a first approximation, but involving the team. The bad-cop female customs officer remained with mouth pursed, façade intact, but she was paying a keen interest here, Filippa could tell. 
"Sure we think of ourselves as a team. We do work with other people, but it's usually us together on shift. No big deal, we make a good team. Trouble is, my wife has gotten incredibly jealous of Isadora here..."
(That was her name-should he be giving out her name-seemed, you know, something of a security risk.) 
"My wife does all the classic things, she follows me, she breaks into my home computer and looks at my bank statements, checking on my phone calls. It's making things very difficult, my personal life intruding in my work, you'll understand." 
"I could understand it better," said Filippa, "if it were the other way round. You are paid to distrust people, and suspicion, it can take you over."
But why with her?
"I have to say, I feel that a big part of it is that my wife isn't African-American," he said. 
Isadora was African-American, so was he. 
They weren't likely to rescind overnight their ideas on the lack of gun control, which was a live political  matter in those parts. What she would say, without telling a whole continent what to think, was that the wide availability of guns in America did mean a lot of people got shot. 
And they'd arrived at the real problem. The problem is the gun in her luggage. 
"They found this when your case went through the x-ray."
A gun, and not a knife or strangulation, what other modus would a woman, not slightly-built, but not a trained gymnast, have to employ against a Hollywood actor of over forty action films -  spy, military, science-fiction - in all of which martial arts' techniques were regularly used?
Perhaps it is understandable, a woman has to compensate for being a woman in a man's world. One could say the gun is a feminist matter, having followed that train of thought, the gun becoming a lever... but it wasn't. 
"Do you have any real evidence?" she asked.
No. Well, yes and no. No, he has no evidence, and has to pause to absorb this himself.
"Yes, that would work," he indicated in some relief, when Filippa proposed they do nothing. "You would have to surrender the gun though." 
She signed to the effect that she was voluntarily surrendering the gun, and after which he added - apologetically, conscious of the slight underhandedness -  that they would have to subject it to analysis.
"Ok," Filippa said, confident.
You should visit Sweden sometime... Filippa knows it's not the done thing to offer to keep in touch with the customs officers who've just detained you, which was a pity, but... Hopefully, he could finally realise that he was a nice man, not really cut out to be a pig, and maybe he could work it out with his wife (she sounded awful). You'd think the most likely outcome was that he would be unfaithful with his work partner. Life has a habit of cancelling everything out to leave only desire, being a greased slope and all.
And so they parted friends. She didn't want regular letters back and forth, although she left it at if he, with either of his partners, were ever in Sweden, they should make sure to look her up. 
The peregrinating heroine trotted down her last aeroplane steps, paid her last airport tax and regained her baggage. The tiredness dragged itself along with her. 
Home has a bland taste: porridge, but it is all sustenance.
14 
The pink hearts pinned to the walls at Oksana's Valentines party. And the pink and red heart-shaped balloons. Filippa hated it, so girly. Viveka, Adam, Ivar Isak were there. Tindra with the acne roseacea was there, and Tekla, whom she had never got on with at school, but was one of Oksana-Sofia's best friends. 
Greger was going around topping everybody up with punch. It takes about 30 minutes to start working. Verner had had a funny look on his face, when she told him she had got rid of it all: like he was not sure he was being told the truth. But there he is, not sniffing at the punch, knocking it back, hoping for a top-up, going at life without a care. 
The party had hats and toasts and they were expected to say something about the Valentines they'd received. Filippa had only received three Valentines, and wasn't going to talk about them. And then Oksana gathered up everybody's attention. 
"I know it's not quite in keeping with the spirit of this occasion, which is the beginning of love, yes... yes...  but I am delighted to say... that Kristian and I are going to have a baby."
(No, Filippa did not understand this modern construction either, which always seems to ignore the fact that only one of the expectant couple had a job left to do.) 
Whoops of appreciation, and "When's it to be?" from the girls, the bloody girls: all making a big fuss of Oksana. She had done it on purpose. Just to upstage everybody. 
Greger didn't look very pleased about this news. Filippa guessed it was possible he harboured thoughts of getting off with Oksana. 
"Do you think the punch tastes a bit funny?"
Spin the Bottle. The bottle was spinning. It picked out people and accused them. Everybody getting a bit leery, very quickly, The mass outbreak of truth that occurred would be described, in cliched terms, as terrible, by those subject to it. As any fool knows, almost too obvious to be bothered pointing out, the truth unvarnished, un-nuanced, is going to be a bad bad thing. That's as obvious as a big spot on the face. 
To be known as The Night The Truth Exploded Everywhere. 
My first sexual experience was with a vacuum cleaner - Markus S.
Kiss and lick your beer bottle like it was a blow job. No, so everybody can see you.
What's the most embarrassing thing your parents have seen you do?
The revelation was that he had killed one of his girlfriends' cats, he was the one who mashed flat - Rolf Björnstjerna.
Only kissing, I have to make that very clear. With three other guys, one who was quite a lot younger than me. After it was over I felt disgusted with myself. I wanted to die. I cried for two days straight, and I've never been able to tell anyone until now - Katrine.
If only kissing you really haven't much to worry about, have you?
On the stairs, she bumped into Oksana; they sat down together to share a moment.
Oksana was determined to take this pregnancy seriously, but was wishing she could have a drink. 
"I wouldn't - tastes like there's something in it. Liquorice root, or like that. You know those bikers..." said Filippa. She put her hand on her deadly opponent's shoulder, rather tentatively, "Congrats on the baby..."
"Oh no, we are very happy. Let's hang on to that fairytale idea," said Oksana.
"What do you mean?" asked Filippa.
"No it's a disaster.... I don't want a child, do I. Why would I want a child this early in life?"
They had a good chat on the stairs. 
Crushmate or fuck buddy - level 1, 2, 3, 4, or electric chair - shake off the negativity.
Playing Cupid. I once sent a Valentine making out that it was from someone else, leaving the clues, because I thought they'd be good together, and they were, they were terrific together, and they dropped out of school and everything, and their parents slung them out as well, and they ended up like destitute, man. Never found out what happened to them - Goran.
It's the shoplifting in the teenage years that sticks, we know that. Olof had shoplifted. He spent ages telling everybody about it, until they were bored stiff. 
A tale of ancient family holiday and needing to pee, desparately, and being seen squatting with the hotdog held as far as possible up in the air, by her family, all of them, as they came round the corner - Monika (Ahlquist). And her father a church minister, too.
Jesper took a forfeit: switch underwear with the person next to you, but immediately piped up again. "I told Jelle I would get her out of this abusive relationship, when she was with S____. I knew I was going off to London, so I never did anything, and when I got back, she'd been thrown down the stairs and had lost her baby. I feel bad about that." 
Taking a question, Lukas got: "If you were gay, which of your friends would you find the hottest?" He lit on Greger, slowly, but much quicker than he might otherwise.
"I am gay," said Greger. 
-I'm amazed you never said, said the many of them gathered there to hear it. And one might expect a committed member of Satan's Jokers, biker gang with members inside for action involving sawn-off shotguns, drugs, control of the cocaine and heroin markets, not to be gay.
 
15
His recountal is the unwrapping of a large parcel to reach something you don't really want as a present. First to report, he is the plainest man you ever did see, greying and balding, with an unmemorable face: just on the tip of the standard deviation in everything. That is to say, not much charisma, not much of showbiz, except he did have a famous surname. 
The family resemblance, it's there, as he settles down in the chair. A monkey on his back.
"Tell me about it," said Filippa. So he did.
-It could have been all so different for me, he began. I am a human who has nothing because his rich and famous father died just before he could finish cutting out his floozie fifth wife out of his will. He was sitting in his place in Los Angeles, poolside. He clutched at his chest, and toppled off the lounger. Fell half in the water, half out. I have photographs of the ambulance crew trying to resuscitate him, God knows who took them, but they were passed to me... afterwards.
In the shadow of afterwards he smokes a cigarette, since it doesn't matter for him.
-Anyway, at the time, I had been told he was definitely going to change the will, leave us children, my sister and myself, a little. Which would have been a lot compared with nothing. But because he hadn't everything went to his wife. 
They'd only been married six months. 
The papers were at the attorney's office to sign. Another day or two, and everything would have been very different.
Everything: the investments, the houses, the cars, everything.
I couldn't do much... anything about it at all; he lived on a different continent by then.
He made a face that told the despair. 
-He genuinely hated us, me and my sister. He hated my mother because he'd married her before he'd had his big break and she was of that before. So the hate settled on us. He was such a shit as a father I could actually believe he set it up this way. Tantalise us with the rumour, and then die. He was absolute scum.
I asked him once about it, why we there we were in a terraced house and him in Malibu. A wave of the hand and... 'we wouldn't know how to spend it,' he said. 
He knew he had a heart condition. So it was no surprise when he checked out. The world knew. He made a thing of it, almost part of his act. He was an actor, comic. He was always a comedian. 
A congenital problem. The genes, you know? 
-The floozie? It gets better and better. She drank herself to death, fairly quickly afterwards, two, three years. Shut herself away, drank, anyone would think she was mourning my father. She was an actress, but she never did any more films. And she didn't leave a will at all, so then it all went back to her mother. 
Back, that's the word for it, she lived just down the road from me. Ironic. The old country...
You wouldn't believe it, little old woman rolling in millions of glitzy showbiz money. She'd know how to spend the cash, probably on sardines for her cats. Off to the supermarket to buy her peas and potatoes. 
I was all eaten up with thinking about it, constantly, and I went round once and knocked on her door - she wouldn't even speak to me. She said she'd call the police, if I didn't go away. Shouted it out of an upstairs window. She knew who I was.
Take her to a court? She could afford some real heavy-duty barristers, and he couldn't, because she had the money and he didn't.
Nauseating, Filippa sees it as, overcome as she is with sympathy for this poor man. The continual impositions of general unfairness, amounting to cruelty - not too strong a word - on this Job: there surely is a reason for his suffering.  
Had she been able to do her act before the event, she could have been pompous towards the father.
-As an actuary, it is my duty to stress the importance of making a proper will that adequately reflects your intentions.
But she didn't have the heart, although she could have done it better than a solicitor who might well have a vested financial interest. 
Or point out to the son: Money isn't everything...
No, but whatever is eating you up at the time is.
He dragged himself towards the end of his story.
-I tell you, just one day with the money would be enough for me, one day of millionaire living. Have one day, and if I hated myself at the end, then at least I'd know.
And if I loved it, I could kill myself at midnight.
That's an answer, but not an answer. There's no requirement that one receives an answer.
Follow the money-trail, as we - actuaries - are taught. 
-Then, after that, I think it is into the old cow's nephews and nieces, great-nephews and nieces. She just takes a great, big, malicious pleasure in it. Seventy years she's waited to get her own back for being born, and it's me who had to get in the way of that.
His voice as low as a growling cat assailed by distant fireworks.
-Why did this happen to me? I'm not going live long, and I don't have the money to get the best treatment. I've had two heart attacks already. 
He gets up to leave, and signs off with:
-Because life is unfair, I have a love of zoos. Oh yes, I do like going to zoos.
 
16  
The universe stands in need of an explanation and that explanation is God.
"Stop," said Filippa, and Verner stopped.
The man who had just got out a delivery van in the street outside, and was delivering a parcel to Eddy Fagerstrom, also stopped. Having received this disembodied instruction - from where he knew not, probably divine in some species - insufficient now was his information. He stood next to an birch tree and a puddle of recent rain. 
"You want my God? You want to know about it all?" Filippa continued in a lower voice, knowing people might be listening. "How I reckon it works, all of it, is that the spider died and left its web without a proprietor. Only for the killing go at the same rate."
Verner did her the decency of actually studying her proposition. 
The web would be holed slowly, torn by winds, and tattered remnants would remain as sticky deathtrap. 
Flies can only make noise and fly about. They do not think much.
The flies felt they should adhere to their side of the bargain. 
Verner wanted to get a drink of something, since they had clearly paused for a while.
"Are you saying that, to the fly, the web is outside its universe?"
"No," said Filippa,  "Do you not see, the solution is nothing to do with taking constant measures against the spider, and the problem is failing to notice that we fight the spider's legacy, not the spider."
Verner made a face.
"Attack the spider and you attack thin air," said Filippa, excitedly and more loudly.
The delivery man still paused. He hoped he would be given some enlightenment from somewhere, and this was what he had ridiculously received. Make sense of that? A polite young man, never got the education, been in this job for longer than he'd ever thought he'd have to be. With his girlfriend, it had all gone wrong - not all wrong, just not much right - when she'd moved in. He hadn't had sex in five months. He didn't know how long his girlfriend hadn't had sex in. 
By virtue of having servants to do it all, Bertrand Russell was so inept he couldn't even make a pot of tea. Missed getting off with a young woman due to his clumsy handling of the afternoon niceties, and the woman looked at him and knew he would not amount to much. 
To him, the teapot was a scientific machine of awe and marvelling. He watched it deployed expertly in the hands of his family's maids. He wondered at the gulf or guilt that separated him and the teapot: one day he might touch it...
All was defined on account of its strangeness to him. It was not in his universe, and yet it clearly was. It was a sign of what separated him from many of the existences in his universe. 
The teapot, to an extent, in some aspects, and like Free Will, is a tertium quid (a third thing) beyond chance and necessity, beyond indeterminism and determinism, or perhaps it is just an artful combination of the two. 
Verner hoped they'd begin again soon. He was subsiding.
Further down the street, on the corner, there was also to be found a telephone engineer at his surgery, the vivid cake-decoration colour wires in their cascading neuronic mess, his knees in oblation, muttering to himself: "Pressure, pressure, pressure." 
Martin Luther King said:- If Shakespeare of Stratford-on-Avon did not write Macbeth, then someone else did. 
-If James Joyce did not write Ulysses, then someone else did.
You see my point?
In that film where the main character keeps asking, rhetorically, of Martin Luther King, what they should be doing, he being the guiding beacon in their paltry life, there's so many unanswered questions that in the end something has to be done. So Dr. King's head is cut into the scene, hovering in midair, and looking odd with the technology then available - in fact, looking very odd. 
The deliveryman was still there; it was deus ex machina. Obviously, he will be leaving at some time.
Everything is explained or not explained in the end.
17 
Padding down the corridor, what is it to be? The simile is a ghost train ride. The sudden sights to sear themselves on. Flashed past and gone. Horrors. The old people in the smells, and groaning, devoid of hope. Her great aunt was fading fast, with leukaemia and pulmonary issues.
Every Tuesday, day of Tiw, Filippa would borrow Eddy Halstrom's bicycle to struggle over to the old people's home, turning up looking like a maenad and probably more scaring to the old people even than the vicious nurses.
"You're only doing it for the inheritance," was her brother's accusation.
"How much do we pay for Aunt Gabriella to be in the home?" Filippa asked her mother one Sunday.
"Nothing," came the reply. So it made sense so she does not do very well in care from the workers there; they know she is poor. The evil scum that make millions of krone in trading in old people and their basic human needs and dignity... 
"They will come to a bad end in Hell, I'm sure of it," said Filippa's mother. Filippa was less sure.
"She will give all to the lifeboat men, you see if she doesn't," was the dark and false comment of her brother, when he came up from Paris. He was a restaurateur there, been to catering college, been a big success. He picked at the food his mother had just put in front of him. 
Flip was sure he itched to pass further comment. Relate this somehow to his heroism in nearly saving her younger sister, drowning-on the mill race-overturned canoe-tragedy. Other occurrences in her life that might be fleshed out, therefore her dramatising her. 
"I think we should do more for great aunt Gabriella," Filippa said.  
"I've just nursed your father," said her mother. "Don't look at me." 
"I'm not," said Filippa.
Her mother had patches of indifference, when nobody could get through to her. 
Her other sister, Emma, the living one, nobody had seen for eight years now. 
She cycled the eight km there and the eight km back, three times a week, to make sure her great aunt was getting a hot meal, and that all was as good as it could be.  
Her old people's home overlooked the back of a vets' practice. Where people - thinking themselves unwatched - sat on the kerb by the goods entrance and dropped gentle, honest tears to the gutter over the tragedy that had just occurred. Filippa's great aunt was not a lover of pets. She also was wont to mock any display of emotion. Her teeth were in a fearful condition owing to her practice of eating toffees, as if a one-woman campaign for snapped teeth or gingivitis. 
"You know what? A man from the lifeboat charity came round, two evenings ago, with the forms to sign. Your uncle, no great uncle, wouldn't he be, he was a fisherman in Halmstad."
"Was he ever shipwrecked?"
"No, I don't think so... although I never knew him when he was younger... he had another wife before me... You know, my dear, you've been so good to me, coming round and making sure I'm ok, I really think I ought to do something for you."
Filippa inherited it all, and split it between her surviving siblings. 
Her father... Her father had been a floater through life, society, relationships. When it had come to his time, not very old, he did not die well. The like of it Filippa had not been prepared for, not in any literature. Those old novels did not encompass it, or provide any instruction; they were full of strong people who bore their deaths with a meaning. 
Loud noise in that hospice, against his own death. Amongst the reverence, sacrilege: a serious offence not to be decorously enfeebled and resigned.
He lifted himself out of bed, to totter towards the door. I'm out of here. He was hauled back, placed on the bed again.
He raved, he swore: that his death should be larcenous, was the gist. 
He clearly felt cheated. Since there's nothing else he could have done, he might have made lighter of it. I've wasted Time, now Time has wasted me - that would have been far more accurate. He would have better enjoyed the morphine delirium then.
And everybody around him was faithless. He screamed out that his wife was a whore, and the nurses who were trying to help him were bitches and whores.
"Look out for my daughter, she's the worst of them! She is Satan incarnate!" 
With a claw, he grabbed hold of Filippa's arm, as if to drag her down to hell with him, and it was only with the greatest difficulty that she was able to tear herself free.
Then, a stone unable to cope with water, he dropped.
Without ripple, the twins Numbness and Blackness closing their cloaks over his head.
The surface became without feature and form and was flat,
Because the day's outcome was certain and so it was. 
18
Filippa, being a good Nordic, has made the vacation to Canada. A fortnight, between jobs, just before she started as a scene painter. The smell of all Canadian hotels is sweet, without dimension; she found that she enjoyed Canada, the insipid, lenitive nature of Canada.
The illogical, without good reason, actions of humans.
With special reference to the day she spent at the CN tower Toronto, going up to the Skypod, with its transparent glass floor: because she particularly noted the strange behaviour shown on this floor.
The glass looked about 10 cm thick, difficult to say exactly with seeing it edge-on.
The humans were frightened by the transparency. 
They would gingerly put a foot on it, probationary. They would shrink back. Cringing, they are already bracing themselves against an impact that would kill them efficiently a hundred times over. You can squeak and squeal as much as you like: none of this is going to help you much if you do find yourself plummeting 350 metres through the cold Toronto air.
These strangely-formed creatures, they photograph each other on the attraction and then they go inside to the revolving restaurant, almost immediately forgetting their lucky escape; and yes, they did squeal, the women were the worst. 
Filippa debated her position: whether to condemn or sympathise. Could do either. 
So they walk on the opaque part without difficulty. But as soon as they gain a sight of the ground 350 metres below they get fear.
"Enough. Explain it to me," said Filippa, piercing in her gaze when she wanted to be.
Leif cleared his throat, knowing it would be a while before sex hoved into sight.
In China, he'd seen a similar thing: a glass staircase - more a ramp really - that curled round with the contours of the cliff-side, the undulations of it added to the scary. There, the people clung to the cliff-side, not the handrail on outside, or even went on hands and knees. That wasn't as high as the tower. 
-You'd be in a lot more danger if it caught fire. How would you get down then?
-The real problem is people getting skewered by falling icicles: people going about their ordinary, non-tourist business below. They can drive themselves through an automobile roof.
-They say people have no problem jumping out of an aircraft at 10,000 feet, freefalling to 5,000 feet and then deploying a parachute. But do a training jump from a 150 foot pylon, where they can see the individual blades of grass before they jump... and big problems.
"You know, in a tunnel, horses can be spooked by the inverted U of light, so they used to make canal tunnels with a curve," said Leif.
"You sure about that?" asked Filippa.
It's worse when the drop is shorter. Cut off from his religious, metaphysical and transcendental roots, man is lost, dizzy, vertiginous; all his actions become senseless, absurd.
Revolution sends dizzy: in the revolving restaurant, yet more sickness and vertigo. 
"But Leif, they really cannot separate out the doom and the logic?"
He said, as he always said: "Don't be too hard on humans."
Different foods depending on the cardinal points: 
At east, she ate her French beans, 
At south, she bit into her lamb shank with distinct relish,
At west, she got her carbs from a dried-out and synthetic-tasting rösti,
At north she got her proof. Sure I'm sure.
Ice falling off, these beautiful icicle shards spearing down in some process of medieval witch-finding.
"Ah, but I would make an exception for Sofia. She should definitely be careful." At her own joke, she coughed, spluttered and snorted an ice cube out of her drink and across the room, some five, six metres away, to lie on the opaque floor. 
19
Last thing on Friday, just as she was on the point of leaving - already with ideas for the weekend, a long bath, then a night out at the Club Deja Vu - her work colleague was at her elbow. Rarely have they spoken in the past, but she still carried straight on into a conversation, without really begging leave at all.
"You remember that Svensson, you had some trouble with him."
"Did I?" With sarcasm.
He's been caught molesting small children." 
"Really? No."
"He got employed in a children's centre after leaving us. Now he's been detained by the police. I heard it from Stina."
"Why are you telling me this, specially?"
Paulina had a Persian manfriend. He had come all the way from Persia to the ice and snow. Because it was a better bet, in terms of régime, he had felt.  
"Well, like I say, I thought you would want to know, seeing as you had trouble with him." 
Was it because they found out about his past, the thing when he was an actuary, and not a supervisor of a children learning centre. He may have lied about his past, hidden that he has ever been an actuary, 
He and his appalling wife may have been in it together. They work like that, paedophiles. Often it's the woman who lures them in. It's not like you see on the news, the way they try to spin it to you, the loner, the weirdo, the unusual. Actuarily, paedophile is mainstream. 
There was a reluctance to investigate as always due to the gradient of power, 
And children had been known to produce malicious falsehoods.
No, that only came out when they investigated what the children had been claiming about him that he was a molester, a paedophile.
"So he did actually molest the children?"
"So they say, yes." 
Filippa sighed a large sigh of relief. So that was ok then. To be proved correct, without any possible quibble or comeback, was just the thing to start off the weekend. She kept herself composed, so that Paulina couldn't find any fault with her conduct. Being seen whooping down the corridor, past the water cooler, would not be right with children having been molested.
She dreamed of swimming with a wooden leg, and that was the one taken by the shark.
The tiger shark came up in a welling and foaming - went away in a disappointment. 
She laughed at her great fortune in having lost a leg to an attempted rape attack, this is only in her dream, and Svensson going away with her leg. But Filippa holding on tight to her virtue. A magic lamp glow. 
O Fortuna! The shark had to do it, had to go for one leg or the other. 
Fluttering somethings in the blue water: shark see, shark bite. Instinct.
Not a deep vein thrombosis on the plane over to Australia. Not a crash of this plane. A shark attack. 
You can pass by in the street and see in the baker's shop window the most appealing little strawberry cake, at a token price of one cent, be suddenly caught by it, entering your consciousness.
Now you have a choice.
And whether select your outcome by chance, by drawing lots, or not, you choose between possessing that cake or not, doing something or not; you have that freedom, but you cannot choose not to choose. 
The string of words hung heavily across her, as she lay watching the television. 
One of the miscellaneous men united in a need to use lots of long words, and give the impression of being all-important, was given to point out that we all, without exception, suffer from this verdict:
We are not free not to be free. We are condemned to freedom.
Life is one long narrowing. 
Jag är inte fria, free will, but I am not free.
However. This news about Svensson. She knew. 
She knew that she had inaugurated these events.
Congeniality? On this ungladsome weekend? Too submerged now to contemplate the sunny uplands, Filippa had only a dead againstness left to her now. No more scintillae, not much wit.
She glared a curse down into her wineglass. She will drink it later.
20  
Henrik was always nervous, something always possessed him. The throne, topped with an eagle,  gold-painted in imitation of leaf and gesso, stood on the stage. The leather straps, the buckles, to bind the arms, were there, ready for the second act. And at its end the involuntary ride to nowhere, (indistinguishable from daily life).
Henrik coughed in the wings, panicked that this might have been heard, there was no music to herald his entrance - nothing for it, he strode on. And this was still a rehearsal, so God knows what he would be like when it came to the first night.
In his orange penitentiary suit, he looked at the throne. At present, the prologue, he shows no fear of it. But does he yet fully understand?
"I am the Condemned Man," he said, already acting.
A cheeseburger, definitely a cheeseburger, is his first selection. The play has been kick-started, on we can flow from here. 
Thinking towards eight cheeseburgers... 
The back drop is a sumptuous banquet laid out: Renaissance, a calf's-head, those still-lives, with comports overflowing with grapes. Henrik debates whether to have some cardboard wardens in their darkest-blue-before-black uniforms stood there impassive, for him to bounce his words off. Or speak to the audience directly... mostly... occasional weeping mutterings. Gradually, he designs a one-man show, trial and error. 
Come on a ride with Henrik, chair as majesty as abyss.
The wretch, the ingrate on a reckless flitter-anywhere steed, riding a butterfly into oblivion.
Come on a ride, where the carte de fare is a grilled cheeseburger with onions, pickles and tomatoes, French fries, lots of them, 3 slices of cheese-and-pepperoni pizza, 1 pint each of vanilla, chocolate and chocolate chip ice cream, water, a 20-ounce Coke, a 20-ounce Pepsi and fruit, including an apple, banana and orange.
A brush with artery-clogging goodness,
Where it really doesn't matter a jot or tittle (Freedom's when you got nothing left to lose... )
Food surveyed as death, is this a satire against consumerism? Or deeper in the soul, Thanatos, the desire for darkness.
The Condemned Man should be a priest, 
The Condemned Man should be receptacle for all fright, all existence-dread, far more a priest than the guy who gives him the Last Rites.
The Condemned Man is a plagiarist of everything, he copies the hurts and trouble of the wider population. He never seems to originate, but he's the titular head of something, monarch of surveying a throne.
Through the action, he prowls round his throne; he touches it for the first time at the end of the first act, his hand resting on it with an acceptance. No electric shock and him being hurled backwards into the scenery.
It's what I've always dreamed of: 
Raviolo of lobster and salmon, in a chervil and lemon grass velouté.
Entrecôte of veal complemented with a celeriac purée, wild garlic, fennel, and a Duxelle mushroom cream.
It's all been leading up to this: the recreational becoming lifestyle drug use, the gateway offenses, into grand theft auto, culminating in the taking of another's life.
Apple and pistachio parfait, with a raspberry cremeux. 
The semiotics of the Last Meal, gourmet, which emphasises an individual with a highly-refined, discerning palate. That's the thing with death row prisoners... 
Just like Momma used to bake, he requested a last meal of fried shrimp, baked potato, salad, boiled corn, cheesecake and a cherry soda...
-A cherry soda from the parlour, sir? Or would sir be thinking Montmerency cherries, or perhaps Carroon cherries, very much in season at present?
For a while he rejects the idea of guilt. He tries to take off the orange suit, it will not come. He tugs at what may be a zip, with limb movements, he's good here. The orange suit clings to him, the darkness at the end of the tunnel, you can't get off. We are all prisoners, to the extent we receive what we give ourselves.
Just got to battle on.
He rails with a diamond righteousness:- I know if I ask for SpaghettiOs® , the bastards 'll give me spaghetti. So what's going to be my important last words? I did not get my SpaghettiOs® and I want everyone to know that.
Pepperoni pizza: must be with a fried egg, sunny-side up. I've always had a fatal penchant for the sunny-side, staring back. 
Henrik, as one-man show, fills in his story: that he never had a chance, given the environment he started in, was thrown into, and during his explanation to his still-imaginary audience, noting that it would be much harder to persuade them of this than it would himself, he realises that it is not his fault. 
And on the first night, Henrik has got through the show, even gaining in confidence as he went. This is how people are: anticipation is the neurosis, not the doing. 
So, the stage lights have been dimmed. The play has run through the themes of inevitable justice, and redemption by acceptance of grotesque injustice; we come towards an ending. He was hooked to the monitor, oscilloscope, a green sine wave for his functions, pumping away in regularity. The bleeps will dwindle, die, but Henrik will be a success.
All his garish ideas for a Last Supper have been pondered and discarded. It ends at prison bread and water, which he takes as if the Sacred Host, the body and blood, an expiation.
And comes to his final soliloquy
"I would like to apologize to the all the victims' families. I accept my part of what went on, but the story just ain't as they've been telling it, those lawyers and the police. The truth of this ain't never going to come out properly, but I know it, the whole truth of it, and the Lord high above knows it too. I would like to say I love the girls, praise the Lord and all his hosts, ok you bastards, let's get it on."
21 
Hjalmar Boden, doe-eyed lad of vivid hair, corkscrew curls bounding off in angles, assassinated Madonna, the single-named phenomenon of popular music, film and general culture. His small-calibre pistol made the sound of a short, sharp crack.
Having taken the route of publicity, he obtained a position afterwards as a selector of lottery balls on national TV. Prominence, exposure, could do wonders for a career.
No, not a selector of lottery balls, that sounds bad. An initiator of the process. A facilitator. 
The machine revved up a snowstorm of little numbered balls - round and round, over and over  they went - elegant randomicities - Brownian motion - the balls in their life-changing collisions. And then Hjalmar would press a large, red, fake button, which the offstage TV production assistant would take as her signal to press a second, much less prominent button.
The selection began. A gate opened at intervals. Pneumatic pressure pushed one ball out.
Successively, six balls exited into the runoff tube. It was random.
But just before he pressed the big, red, fake button, Hjalmar would always shout:- "Best of luck everybody!"
Wise people know that if they were ever to play the Lotto they would pick a preponderance of numbers above 31.
Boden took to wearing a wacky pink and yellow blazer, ham and eggs, and his hair even more bouffant. A brief career. He had a rather cocky approach towards women, and fancied himself as God's gift, which did not endear him to the viewers. He faded over the decade.
"This is in poor taste," said Luciano Lassestrom, and forbade his wife from doing the Lotto.
In Spain and Italy, the Catholic, rather than Protestant, Mediterranean, they have vestals in robes, white samite, demure virgins who do all their lottery drawing - who give the show of cannot be procured, induced, suborned, none of these. They load the balls, processing, tipping them into the transparent bowls, then pressing a button, fake or real, for the draw to begin.
In the football World Cup, to ensure that Israel is never drawn against a Middle-Eastern Muslim country, they put Israel in one of the European qualifying groups. The method of ensuring Bosnia isn't drawn against Serbia is to heat certain of the little, white, plastic footballs in a microwave oven just before the vestal virgins put them in the little pots. The heat capacity of the plastic used is ample to keep the temperature for the time required. The arthritic former football stars who then do the drawing are told when to pick a warm one or a cold one. They limp onto the stage, they wave, their banter is appalling. 
Hey ho, they unscrew the two halves and inside is a slip of paper saying 'Convenience'.
After that the football is played. 
Politics is politics. There really is nothing in these modern days that it does not touch. Torkel Gylling, from a suburb of Stockholm, assassinated the former footballer, then football administrator, Franz 'der Kaiser' Beckenbauer. Swedes, who, to generalise, can be a little zany at times, thought this a remarkable occurrence. When she heard that news, Filippa had Henrik in mind: that fanatic of 1860 Munich. The original and best, we were. Bigger than Bayern, you know... used to be. He wasn't sorry.
  
In a two-Michelin-starred restaurant, wide views of the harbour, after a long lunch, the English film actor Michael Caine, a dullard, was assassinated by an Eritrean immigrant, Massawa Biniam
The glass windows had been cleaned with a solution leaving a slight bloom, or even sticky in some places: such that the mist could never leave, never a Sydney harbour-side solarity, almost an irritant on the eyes. This, together with the restaurant's very harsh acoustic, conspired to create a malaise.
Mr Caine perished with 'Completely...' on his lips, which may have been something he understood, or something he disagreed with.
It had always been beyond human understanding why Michael Caine had achieved the great success as a film actor that he had. He was a mildly personable man with... what else? It happens.
Massawa Biniam was described as an illegal migrant, because he had sought to enter the country for economic reasons. He had been due to be sent back to Eritrea, but could not be, due to the unstable political situation that had since arisen in that country.
"Best of luck everybody!" Hjalmar Boden would shout out, just at the moment he pressed the fake button.
But the audience still clapped, whistled and cheered. They hadn't noticed the fallacy. As if their personal excitement could break probability, causing the universe to produce some heretofore unseen eddy.
22
Why so rash, so heartless, 
That when presented with mystery
They must immediately rob it, defile it, murder it?
The man, of her own age, near enough, whom she was sitting opposite in the plasticky coffee shop, suddenly seemed to say this.
Piercingly, but serenely, against his own cup staring. 
It wasn't even totally clear that this pearl of wisdom was meant for Filippa to hear, 
He appeared to be against the whole aim of science, scholarship. Keep some mystery.  Not wholly, just some; ring-fenced areas, enclaves, where it would be good to leave mystery.
Zoological gardens?
It nurtures the soul of a human, it does. Not back to the primitive path again, but to retain something of the primitive. He wasn't saying don't be a scientist; he was saying don't be a 100% scientist.
Filippa debated whether she'd fancy having a child by this man. And came up with the resounding answer yes. 
On the banquette he was at his great ease.
Not needing to know everything.
The pushchair placed in the aisle, upsetting everybody who was trying to scrape past and the loathsome mother looked daggers at anyone who barely touched it. 
You know people can determine the sex of their baby now, that's terrible I think, thought Filippa.  
That's something that has turned up since I was a kid. And they can tell whether they have Down's syndrome. In the womb. 
If the child was going to be a curious questing one, this wouldn't be the best start. Baying at the moon for equalisation. Children always rebel against their parents. 
Linda S, the first of her class at school to produce, produced an acephalous child, male.
The acephalid was not long in this world. Without a brain, it died quickly when separated from its mother. The nurses took a picture of it, with a white blanket carefully disguising the lack of the top of its head.
Linda S's mother was satisfied that this calamity was caused by Linda S having going off with the milkman, who was twice her age, and married as well. Linda S's mother had wept into her aquavit, that it should have turned out like this, she knew it would.
Linda S ended up in Marseille, of all places, with, not the milkman, but a pied-noir gangsta. Had two normal, but mixed-race, children with him, by him. 
Linda S's father had been employed by the gas people; he was a fitter, always conscientiously, and never had a problem with killing anyone with carbon monoxide throughout his long career. Almost as if God had made them up, this perfect family - but God hadn't made them up, this was absolutely true. 
American-style, Charlie's Coffee, of all the possibilities, and all the various branches of this chain...
He, the man of mystery, indescribable, supped his coffee down, and, well, it was going to be a huge relationship. 
He tried to attract the attention of the barrista; he wanted another coffee, or complain about the one he'd just had. The barrista on her fika didn't look like she cared much about waitressing; she was there talking to her friend on her mobile, fika on fika. 
Do you think God enjoys giving us nothing, Filippa would ask him, this magician guy, found in banal and prosaic circumstances. The man is impressive, and to stop him getting too cocky she would have to be slightly conservative. 
-Don't think you're getting in my knickers with that one, she would inform him, coquettishly.
Which he would not understand. 
-But, generally, you're heading in the right direction, she'd add.
Now that I have found you, you are my whole unfolding. Come to think... How long should this all last? The person opposite her, which way is he going? Same way. Their roads have congealed for a space. How much to entertwine and change the other, of necessity permitting oneself to be changed.
In the city, there are many partners. Decide now how much of the other you are prepared to accept. 
No, she is in a rush to find out all she can. There are buses to take them away from this dreary city, all the way to Skellefteå. All they have to do is climb aboard the same bus. 
Be not so rash as to enter the first door that opens. In practice of mimicry, try each door of the target soul equally, continent not to enter the first, not, at least, until a chord can be made and held, lasting and piercing.
It's all in finding that harmony.
Hell and damnation. He'd got up now and gone, this mysterious man, who had uttered the smart phrase about preserving mystery, and Filippa had completely missed getting his phone number.
23
Filippa har en oenighet. Immediately, it drops to the kindergarten,
He he he, ha ha ha, Filip-pa's got a dis-a-gree-ment.
She knows full well she has a disagreement, no need to keep blurting it out.
It is there: stubborn, as disagreements have to be.
Like a birthmark.
As to defining her disagreement, well, that was always going to be a wild-goose chase. There's a variance, a gap which blares across all her dealings, great, grand, but cannot be described.
As if the earth cracked in a great rift, and she found herself waving, reasonably often, to those on the other side, to their complete lack of interest. Fine, had they been prepared to pay a little attention to her, just sometimes, the various aftermaths might have been contained.
She was over there, on her own, it was human kindness to, wasn't it? Why ever not? 
Everybody not Filippa on the other side... The implication is that she has done this. And they knew it.
The possibility is that she had hewed at the earth with a pickaxe. 
Liar, liar, pants on fire, 
Hanging by a piano wire!
The sun will shine, the rain will fall.
And Flippa's flowers will grow up tall.
Story was born without a soul - the guiding spirit she has is Fabrication. And approximately as keen to gain a soul as Pinocchio might be to gain flesh from wood, and to leave behind the wooden existence. Story having this devilish quality, can only ask devils for a glimpse of the one truth. 
So very Faustian, and what more honest than that?
Her jealousy - versus the complete lack of jealousy in others. Plausibly, Fröken Filippa is a Desdemona doll, reciting her lines in a thin, reedy voice, and pretending to move through it all with a rare somnolence.
Possibly not quite as innocent as the play recommends she be. Certainly not above changing her story as she went along. (Beware the monk of only one book, said Thomas Aquinas.)
O, the perfect O her mouth did make, to suckle in that foreign snake, 
Ah, could it be, the several O's for orotund and orisons, what words put in her, how unjustly accused? And O! thereby hangs a tail,
The O for Othello, the Moor made mad.
The whole ticking, the libido, the new cycle, the governor. Let me be on top this time, ma cherie, my darling darling. And I am yours to do as you wish to, anything you like with me, only make it with me, caro mio, mio Cariddo. It is quite possible that Desdemona was a love rat. 
Filippa wrongly believed herself to be Jewish (the evil avatar of the Shekinah, in fact), which is often quite a loaded issue i Sverige. 
She's really quite toxic - and it's hardly her fault. 
Ask yourself this, Necrotising Nancy: Was there ever a chance?
-We only look in the plausible places, humankind's tragedy. And could any safety be more complacent, any complacency be safer?
But she has a disagreement. It is more than she fell into the crevasse. 
Causa sui, something that was generated in itself, therefore creating meaning beyond its own life, which is a species of immortality; also, a something which should not be but was. And by this glitch she has fabricated.
Tidge tudge call up the judge,
Flippa's having a baby,
Verner's gone all crazy,
Wrap it up in toilet paper,
Send it down the elevator.
Tidge tudge, she cannot budge,
Flippa's having a baby.
24
It fell to Verner to take her in when she complained of breathlessness.
It felt as if the lungs were being lifted up and not being allowed to drop. To the same extent after each breath. 
"They don't go back to where they should." And she flashed a glance: "I know it sounds odd. It's the best I can do to explain how it feels."
If, vice-versa, you could feel what I am feeling, that's how you would describe it. If there were a mirror to pain, to bridge across.
"And a cardiac pain," Filippa said. "As well."
Verner was not the best of town drivers, with a confidence a couple of clicks beyond his ability. He also had a habit of using swear words under his breath, ill-directed at particular drivers who had offended him, forming a general gestalt. Filippa was concerned by a man who was videoing them, while they were stopped at a crossroads. Why would he be doing that?
Utryckning, utryckning went their bell.
She had not noticed the fire engine. On their right, rolling through the orthogonal, and therefore opposing, red light. Their combinatorics had been that Verner had noticed it and had been giving way. He is interested in fire engines. It sped off. Filippa had no means of guessing the direction of the emergency. Given the layout of the city, its social history, it would usually be the south from whence the problems would emanate.
"Will you be able to walk into the place... if I can park somewhere near? Perhaps we should have done it by ambulance." 
"Yes, of course I'll be able to walk," said Filippa.
He asked whether to bring her phone in?
There were biscuits, chocolate ones. Are you supposed to have chocolate? After all, we are told about chocolate and how bad it is for us, no exceptions. Grapes are the done thing in hospitals. 
The hospital had an atrocious pastel pea puree scheme on top of the cream.
Nurses always click and unclick biros: a habit to indicate absorption, productivity, disinterested competence.
"No," said Filippa. She thought she wouldn't be needing it where she was now. This would be after hospital authorities gave up their opposition to patients bringing in mobile phones, because of the claimed interference in unspecified medical equipment. 
She had smudged the sheets with a biro. A dribbling, more than jagged, lightning bolt. 
A straggly woman kept getting up, and doggedly going out and off down the drive in her night attire. Kept screeching. She was a past master in obtaining, getting them all running round after her toiletry needs - though, otherwise, the hospital seemed run for the benefit of its staff exclusively.
Filippa had a hankering for one of those cannonball Christmas puddings: plum duff, was it?
For a few days she hung a sign around her neck: PLEASE DO NOT MOULD.
"Well now," in forced joviality, "we can't find much wrong here, you know," came the words of the consultant, big medico, bronzed on the Riviera and force-field of aftershave. "So we're at a bit of a loss, I have to tell you."
The physicians of differing ages went in and out, soldered to a mass. They spoke to her, the level of bafflement they displayed was not beyond the average in either direction.
"If I think about it, it seems to run into my left arm, you know, the classic angina pectoris," she told them all one morning, when there were sufficient of them gathered, she judged.
They ran all the tests, the tests were placed in manila folders and filed, she did not see them again. 
Always find the negative in the positive. Hiatus hernia? Heart bouncing against the pericardium? The echo cardiogram was negative on that possibility.
"No, you definitely have not got Fallot's syndrome." 
"Sorry," asked Filippa, never knowingly naive. "Did you say Have or Have Not?"
They had no idea what it was. Every day it was the same.
"We don't know what it is, but it's definitely not serious."
"Exceptional," said Filippa, without other emotion.
She asked whether Sofia-Oksana had visited at all while she had been asleep? 
When Leif came in, she fussed about the right sort of lemonade. It had to be just so. 
He read out some stories from the general interest column: of how the government had banned people from using various words. "Nascent" had been banned, so teams of linguists, or philologists, were hard at it even as Leif spoke to provide workable alternatives.
She lay against double pillows. She worked to control her breathing to a serenity.   
Without rancour, she sketched furiously the design of her crown of candles for next year's St Lucia party.
Everything, the whole blasted lot, brought about by the desperate need not to be laughed at. 
Over the next three weeks, Filippa rallied at times, but died when it was raining hard outside.
After she died, it came to light that Filippa had been of Jewish birth, because of her mother discovering this of her side of the family. 
At his moment of death, as he drowned in the Mediterranean, Vice-Admiral Sir George Tryon was observed, as an apparition, walking through the dining room of his house in Belgravia, London - during a dinner party for 12 guests, given by his wife, looking straight ahead, without addressing a word to anyone. 
For Paganini, his violins had burst to wood-dust at the precise moment, all three of them. 
In 1576, Bishop Ottobrando died and over the next three days his 60-70 illegitimate children ransacked his villa for all the treasures they could reasonably carry off with the carts then available to them. 


