Flannery’s Bear


Ulf Wolf

Smashwords Edition
October 2012

Copyright

Flannery’s Bear
Copyright 2012 by Wolfstuff


All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.


Smashwords License Notes


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Once upon a time there were three children who wanted to save the world.
The first, and the oldest of the three—and whose name was Flannery—knew this from the outset. It was as if she arrived upon this Earth a bundle of purpose: the world was in trouble, and she knew it. The Great War, still less than seven years past, had left the world in a darkness that for all the optimistic political rhetoric, and the noble aims of the League of Nations, never quite lifted and which was soon to return fully fledged to the world with a small mustache and renewed violence.
The second child, whose name was Heather, and who was the youngest of the three, arrived in Ridgefield, Connecticut, in December of 1950, just a little over five years after the Second World War finally ended, and on the very day Flannery left Ridgefield for her painful and prolonged audience with death. When in her seventh year her Irish Catholic father beat her younger brother senseless with his fists, and then killed him by tossing the lifeless five-year-old boy down a set of stairs—deemed an accident by the local Irish Catholic investigator, and grandly forgiven by the local Irish Catholic priest—Heather knew she must find the root of evil in this world and help eradicate it. God was not doing a very good job.
The third child, Gabriel, who was born on the 9th of August, 1945, took his first breath the very instant that the bomb over Nagasaki, Japan, detonated. He was later to muse that his first lungful of air contained the souls of 40,000 Japanese children. He had no notion about his purpose on Earth until one summer morning, when at the age of fourteen, almost fifteen—it was a Saturday, the 23rd of July, 1960, a little after 10 in the morning—40,000 dust motes, shimmering in the slotted sunshine inside an abandoned attic, suddenly began to sing.
There was also the fourth child: Netoniel.
:
Gabriel was half-way up the rickety wooden ladder. The rungs, if not completely rotted through, still looked treacherous, so he proceeded up them slowly, taking care to step close to the sides, where they would be the strongest. The ladder groaned softly under his weight.
A perverse curiosity had brought him. About ten years ago, a man had hung himself here, in this very attic. Well, he didn’t really know that for a fact, hadn’t asked anyone to confirm it, but it was widely rumored, common knowledge, as it were, especially amongst the kids. Which beam, he wondered as his head cleared the opening in the attic floor and his pupils slowly dilated to take in the darker space above him—which beam did the man hang himself from?
There were several to choose from. There was the long, at least a foot thick, roughly hewn beam that ran the length of the open ceiling, and which spawned evenly spaced vertical risers to support the rafters and roof beam. There were also, he counted one, two, three, four, narrower and smoother beams running perpendicularly, and neatly joined to the main beam, kind of keeping the walls apart, he thought, although that was not the case, of course.
He couldn’t picture it though. There would not be enough space for a fully grown man to hang himself from any of them, the distance from the attic floor to any of these beams was barely six feet, and with the rope and the noose and at least five foot plus worth of man, well, he would be standing on the floor, no matter what—no matter which beam he chose. Unless, well, of course, he realized with a little chill, of course: he must have secured the rope to the beam crossing the open hatch he was just emerging through. He looked straight up again, and yes, there was one of the narrower cross beams, neatly in the very right spot. Yes, of course, he thought again, secure the rope, noose over the head, tighten the knot, jump through the hatch. That would still count as hanging oneself in the attic, technically, if indeed it had happened at all.
The chill then added: you are at this very moment, standing on the fourth rung from the top of the ladder, occupying the very same space that the hanging man would have dangled in. He shivered. Then he tried to taste it.
How did he die? he wondered. Did he know enough about hangings to place the knot just right—slightly to the left of but touching the atlas, he had read—to break his neck, or didn’t he know, which would have meant that he probably suffocated from strangulation. Most suicides do—the same article had said—strangle themselves. He shuddered again, imagining the hanging man, losing breath and life, to never breathe again. He held his breath and counted. By forty his lungs had had enough and screamed for air. He obliged. The man could have done the same, he thought, could have reached out and heaved himself up by the edge of the opening, back to the living.
Then again, what’s to say that he didn’t? Or that he tried to, and failed. What’s to say that it happened at all? It probably wasn’t true. Probably just rumor, kids talking.
Outside the little house a cloud found the sun and suddenly the attic turned many degrees darker. His next thought was that even the sun knew about the hanging, and was sending him a warning. His impulse was to climb back down and get the hell out of there. Oh, God, you’re such an idiot. The sun knowing about it. Give me a break. You’re here to look around, so look around.
Besides, if someone did hang himself in here, that was a long time ago, there would certainly be no bodies here now, so damn it. Could be ghosts, though. No, not in broad daylight. He stepped up another rung, then held his breath: everything was dead still in there, just the renewed groan of the ladder. No danger here, and he was quite brave, right? He climbed the remaining three rungs, and heaved himself up on the attic floor.
He rose to full length, kind of unfolded himself. His eyes had adjusted to the diminished light now and he could see quite clearly again, sunless daylight seeping through the slots between the walls’ vertical planks.
He looked around. Dust, and lots of it, softly contouring what it covered with an almost wheat colored blanket. Things in the corners. Things. He walked over to take a closer look, treading carefully, still stirring clouds of dust into the air behind him, not quite visible in the gloom, had he indeed turned around to look.
Things: shoes, two but not a pair, the lower part of an ax handle, a bicycle seat, a pile of old newspapers, a wooden bowl, huge. He pictured someone kneading dough for very large loaves of bread in the thing, old hands, grandmother’s hands, it was that kind of bowl, and he wondered if it had any value, whether this bowl in particular was one of an impossible to find kind that would make him immensely rich now that he, Gabriel, had discovered it, and so would pave the way for a great life as yet undefined.
Of course not, it was just an old wooden bowl, tossed up into this above the ceiling out of the way as worthless. It was chipped, and cracked, too. Not worth much, if anything. Or it wouldn’t be here, would it? Of course not.
More newspapers on the floor. In a neat pile, held together with fraying string. He looked at the date. 1955, August. He untied the string and looked at the next paper. August 1955 as well. The whole pile. He stood up and looked around again. More newspapers, these nailed to the walls as insulation, now torn and peeling, and only in this corner. Why, he wondered. Then he looked closer at the other walls, and saw traces of newspaper on all of them. So, they had initially covered the whole attic. He leaned closer to check the dates of these papers. 1941, 1942, war pictures, originally in black and white, now more like brown on yellow. Fighting in Finland. Sweden still neutral, it said.
At that moment, outside, the cloud released the sun and the attic nearly exploded into light, surprising his eyes, now used to the near darkness. He turned around almost by reflex, like someone behind him had just thrown a light switch, and suddenly the air is completely alive with brilliant sheets of dust where the sun now raced in through the evenly spaced bars of narrow air.
He had never seen anything quite like this, anything quite this beautiful before, not in his entire life. It was a gallery of sun and dust and suddenly they started singing.
He stood stock still, then sat down, very slowly so as not to disturb the display. Very slowly, down, down upon this empty crate for apples, down, down, and now he was sitting.
He could not help but hear the singing and, hearing it, he felt an urge he had never felt before: to capture some of this, to, somehow, preserve it—in words.
Never taking his eyes off the flickering sheets of dust and sunrays, he groped for and found a stub of pencil in his left pocket, a sheet of paper in his back pocket. He unfolded the sheet (a phone number to call, don’t forget), smoothed it a little on his lap and touched it with the pencil, thus:

Am I a troll or a human being
I don't know.
But I do know that long before
I came here
this page of my life
had already been written.


He stopped there and read what he had written.
Somewhere within him a voice demurred, in fact ridiculed him a little—just a whisper, mind you—for what he had just done so reverently had nothing to do with engineering (his paternally decreed, and on the whole much manlier, destiny). Still, this felt right, it was right somehow, important, somehow, but of course they were just words, made up words. Still.
He read them again. They sounded true, these words, of course they were not. Lies. But good lies, he almost said to himself, or thought so loudly he could hear it.
He read the first line again, aloud. Listening to it. Crossed out “a troll or a” and “being”. Re-read it: Am I human. That, he knew with a slight shiver, was the better question, the real question. And again read what he had written:

Am I human
I don't know.
But I do know that long before
I came here
this page of my life
had already been written.


Then he scratched out “do” and “long” from the third line, and then read the six lines aloud to himself:

Am I human
I don't know.
But I know that before
I came here
this page of my life
had already been written.

Another chill. Though not from the rumored hanging this time. It rose from a faint but unmistakable internal resonance. The sheets of dancing dust motes still talked to him and now struck him as his very own and golden northern lights, a private winter sky made small especially for him. And he shivered again.
:
The very moment Gabriel finished saying the word written, his tongue still resting against his teeth in the final n, Flannery hit the “?” on her new, and still unfamiliar, Underwood typewriter to complete a quick note to Fiona McCullough, a friend from the State University of Iowa, who now lived in Ridgefield, Connecticut, and with whom Flannery still maintained a regular, almost weekly, correspondence:

Well poor old Jack. I hope he gets elected. I think King Kong would be better than Nixon. We didn’t see any of it, having no television, but one night I listened for a spell on the radio when we had company who must hear it. Fortunately the company soon left to seek out a television so we went to bed.
Do you ever cross paths with any of the Paleys on your strolls through Ridgefield? I assume that you still stroll.

She read her note in silence, approved. Then addressed and stamped an envelope, folded and inserted the note and licked the envelope shut. She would take it to the mailbox tomorrow morning before the mailman came.
:
Gabriel sat for quite some time looking at the words he had written, feeling there was more somewhere, that there were other wells with other waters to find and tap. He groped around within him for more words, for more meanings to pencil down, but could find none. Then another cloud found the sun and the dust suddenly stopped singing. The moment had gone.
He looked around the dark stillness one last time, the dust now invisible again, or mostly so. He felt slightly shifted from center, though, as if he no longer was quite himself, or just a little more himself. Odd feeling. It was hard to put a finger on. The attic was dead still. Outside he could hear birds in the nearby trees. Arguing, it sounded like. A noisy family gathering. A truck geared down up on the road, its engine now groaning up the hill he himself would soon have to climb to get back home. He stood up, folded his paper and put it and the pencil back in his pockets. He descended the rickety ladder, which groaned again but let him down unscathed.
His bicycle, leaning against the red wall, waited for him. Green and silver. Almost new. Shiny, he saw to that. Much his. Pride. He climbed on, began to pedal, avoided the larger potholes in the old, now untended road leading up to the paved one where the truck had just gone by. Reached it, and now for the hill. Steepest in the county, they said, and he could believe it. Especially on a bicycle. Took some doing this hill, and with the effort he now had to put in he promptly forgot all about the folded sheet of paper in his back pocket.
Much later, in London, in another language, he would look back on this day in the old attic, and write:

Dust and sun rays
talk to me
in sheets of light
that flutter silently

Still too young
to understand
this simple dreamer
gently gathers them
in his hand

My tenderly real
gift of the sun
dances to heal
hearts that crumble
lives that stumble

Startled by
his very heart
they smile
but always depart

:
A possessed human being is nothing but bones, flesh, heart, and skin operated by the Devil, although it does not have to be the Devil. According to the 11th edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica:

Possession, the term give to the supposed control of a human body and mind by an alien spirit, human or non-human; or the occupation by an alien spirit of some portion of a human body, causing sickness, pain, &c. The term obsession (Lat. for siege) is sometimes used as equivalent to possession; sometimes it denotes spirit control exercised from without, or it may mean no more than a maniacal monoideism. From an anthropological point of view possession may be conveniently classed as (a) inspirational, (b) demoniacal, (c) pathological, according to the view taken of the reason for or effect of the spiritual invasion of the possessed person.

The spirit that possessed Frank Paley, however, that afternoon in 1957 when he killed his son Michael, was not the Devil, nor anyone but Frank Paley himself, still fighting off the army of children he knew would suffocate him were they to finally corner him and make him face himself. So, purely in self-defense, mind you, for his own survival, he pinned the five-year-old boy to the floor of the second floor landing with his knees, and pummeled his face until there were few teeth left in their original sockets, and until no part of either eye could be seen. Frank swore at every cut those sharp little teeth (where broken into jagged chards) inflicted on his knuckles and proceeded to teach them the lesson to break more evenly.
Having survived the vicious attack upon his hands by sharp teeth, he then tossed the listless body down the steep set of stairs, where an unfortunate tumble—or fortunate perhaps, this is a matter of viewpoint—snapped the little neck with a sick crack that told Heather, sitting on the living room sofa and clutching her 13-months-old little sister to her, that Michael was no more.
When Michael’s body came to a stop at the foot of the stairs, it looked a little like a sack of dirty laundry, she thought. Frank was yelling for his wife to clean it up.
Then for precisely one minute no one in that house breathed.
:
Or could breathe. Flannery, sitting on her porch in Milledgeville knew of the violence so many miles to the north, sensed it, as she knew of and sensed so much violence elsewhere, but this had made her particularly sick to her stomach. So she strangled the house with her fist and deprived all who lived there of oxygen for exactly sixty seconds.
:
Frank Paley’s face was alternating between the white of terror and the red of asphyxiation when Flannery let go and oxygen finally entered his starving lungs.
“Who the hell did that?” he said, then turned around, hoping to find a child source for his screaming lungs.
“He’s dead,” said his wife from below.
“What the hell was that?” he screamed, still afraid.
“You’ve killed him,” said his wife from below. Then she, too, began to scream.
Heather, testing the air and finding it breathable again, dialed the police.
:
Flannery opened her fist and closed her eyes. She sat still for several deep breaths. She heard the crickets and the birds. A cow mooed not too far away. Another answered. Wind in the trees like gentle applause. Peacocks strutting, dragging their multicolored plumes in the dust. The help arguing in the kitchen. Things alive.
Then she rose and walked back into the house, into her bedroom, which also served as her study and library. She sat down at her desk and found a pen, then a sheet of paper. Then she decided to type instead—a little faster, perhaps, clearer for sure, and easier on her hands, which had grown annoyingly weak of late—now that she had gotten almost used to this darn thing. She still hated it, it was a sort of an invasion, this stealer of pens’ work, but not as much as before. It was a little quicker too, or could be once she’d learned it a bit better. Noisy though.
She began, pecking out one letter after the other, reminding herself of a multi-headed chicken hunting for and finding seeds, her wrist the neck, fingers the many beaks:
“Once upon a time there were three children who wanted to save the world: Flannery, Heather, and Gabriel.
“Flannery, the older of the three was eight years old and had long, cascading red hair, bleached, but not much, by the sun. Her eyes were blue and non-believing.
“She was very pretty,” she added.
She read the last sentence, once, then again, frowned, then brought back the carriage and x’ed it out. “What has that got to do with it?” she mumbled to herself, then continued:
“Heather, the youngest, was six and perhaps one of her small arms taller than her dark brown hair was long. She always wore a plain, blue dress.
“Gabriel, at seven, was all a blond mop of hair with blue eyes in a deep tan from playing in the fields most of the days of his life. He was Heather’s brother, or pretended to be, and Flannery’s brother, or pretended to be.
“None of them had living parents, nor could they, even if pressed, remember ever having had any.”
“There was also the fourth child: Netoniel.”
:
Netoniel: Hiding now. Keeping away. At a safe distance. Still wondering why the strands did not evaporate. Why they instead formed a blanket, growing ever thicker. It was the one thing he had not foreseen. Could not have foreseen. How could he have? No strands had formed when he tried it. Well, that’s not quite true, when the original wish had passed through the mirror—as designed, while it reflected its opposite—it had exited in the form of a thin silver strand, but this had evaporated into nothing almost immediately.
Could that have been, he then wondered, because he was aware of the mirror’s presence?
He also wondered whether Flannery knew. Then he assumed, it had been nearly five thousand years, after all, that she did.
:
The field was as green and shiny as some fresh underwater emerald. The sky a dark, luscious blue. The wind was thick and slow and sweet and swayed the huge green valley surface now this way, now that, as the three children made their way through a waist-high grass that pretended not to want to let them through.
There were many movements around them of animals small and not so small scurrying—some to meet them, some to act afraid of them, though none were. The children noticed and smiled but did not stop to talk, nor to pat them. They had things to do and were on their way to do them. Flannery first, then Heather and Gabriel.
An older bear noticed this scurrying back and forth of unbridled welcomes and silently told the younger, and smaller—and, perhaps, happier—creatures, to leave them alone. They were busy, didn’t have time for your nonsense now.
Although Flannery didn’t quite know what to make out of that—the little things were not disturbing them, after all—should she thank him, or not? The bear, though, knew her very well, and had sensed her urgency, so she decided to appreciate his help and smiled in his direction: thank you.
The bear glanced at her sullenly beneath furry brow and forehead, and nodded, turned, and left them to their purpose.
The many smaller animals left too. That left only the three, wading through the grass, which parted now to let them through uncaressed. The bear’s doing as well, thought Flannery.
Heather was quiet with thought. Gabriel, too, wondering why the urgency, though he could guess. Flannery had been quite insistent that he come, now. As in now.
They were nearing the far edge of the long valley where a small building came into view. It was a one room cottage, by a lively stream. Brightly red it was in the glittering sun, and with a thatched roof. White corners and a gray chimney made from many stones. It was the kind of house this valley could have grown.
They reached it and entered the cool of the interior. It smelled fresh with morning, it was clean and safe. Flannery set about to make some tea. This was her house. Well, one of her houses—they each had many, as many as they needed, where and when ever they needed them. Tomorrow this house could probably be found somewhere else, in some other valley, by some other stream, perhaps. Perhaps in a forest, or on a mountainside, or by a lake, to serve some other need. Perhaps it was the same house moving, perhaps they were different houses. Today, however, this was the house Flannery had intended, and her need was a place to meet.
Flannery turned from her task at the stove, where the fire had now begun to crackle, to face the other two: Heather already sitting by the table, Gabriel still standing by the doorway. “We must go there,” she said without preamble, and so loudly that Gabriel started a little.
“Where?” he asked.
“Earth,” said Flannery.
“Earth?” said Gabriel, beginning to understand what this was all about.
“Yes,” said Flannery.
“Yes,” said Heather, obviously already in the know.
“It has gone too far,” said Flannery.
:
Her parents never knew quite what to make of Mary Flannery. She was not a usual child. For one, there were times when her mother Regina would swear that her daughter, at all but eleven months, could read, so intently would she scrutinize the magazines and papers she seized with strong fingers if they came within her reach. This got so she even mentioned it to her husband, Edward.
“Don’t be silly,” he assured her. “She’s just looking. The pictures, you know. Look at her.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” she’d answer, “I don’t know.” Then she thought to herself, though she would never tell her husband, you scare me sometimes, Mary Flannery.
However, by the time Mary Flannery was two, Regina knew that she was reading and probably had all along, but did not share this with her husband. It would have upset him, she presumed. Instead she told her daughter, “I know that you read, Mary Flannery” she said. “I know that you do.”
Flannery looked up at her with the smile that often was to be confused with a frown once she grew older. “I know,” she said.
At that moment Regina knew that she was in the presence of greatness which was a sense that would not leave her, ever. And later it would give her the strength to help her daughter through her long and slow dance with death.
Perhaps Regina, had she reflected on this logically, should have been scared, should have sought some help, should have told her husband, but she did none of these things. Instead she accepted what she saw with a proud heart and she was grateful to be in its presence.
Over the next few years Regina kept Mary Flannery’s ability a secret, all the while she supplied her with books that she asked for.
“Crime and Punishment,” said Edward over dinner one night.
“What, dear?”
“I didn’t know you liked the old Russians,” he said.
“Oh, him. Yes. Well, he is a very good writer. A bit dark perhaps,” and shot Mary Flannery a glance, where on earth did you leave that book, girl?
“A bit much for my taste,” said her husband. “What are we having for dessert?”
At five, Mary Flannery told a chicken to walk backwards, and it did. She proudly showed her mother, who hurriedly showed her father, who happened to mention it to Morgan White, a realtor colleague, who mentioned it to his cousin, a reporter, who on a slow news day brought camera and notepad to Lafayette Square to see for himself, which is how the story got into print. The local story in turn caught the eye of Pathe News, a New York newsreel company, which sent a cameraman to record Flannery and her chicken in action, which is how cinema visitors all over the country, and some even in Europe, got to marvel at her feat.
 “The highlight of my life,” she would say later, with that ironic smile of hers that to so many looked like a frown.
At ten she was reading openly and voraciously, making sure that others knew what she thought about the fare by short comments on the flyleaves of the books she read. Lewis Carroll’s Alice in Wonderland she adorned with “Awful. I wouldn’t read this book.” Shirley Watkin’s Georgia Finds Herself merited “This is the worst book I have ever read next to ‘Pinocchio’”. She liked Louisa May Alcott’s Little Men better: “First rate. Splendid.” Regina thought at times to tell her to stop defiling perfectly good books, but she thought better of it.
At twelve she was already writing poetry and short short stories which she would not show anyone, not even her mother.
Regina did, however, come upon one of her stories while cleaning her room. Her initial reaction was that she was trespassing upon sacred property, but curiosity got the better of her and she sat down to read her daughter’s inky pages. The story was about a bear and a green valley, complete with illustrations. Had she not known this hand to be Flannery’s, she would not have believed her daughter could have written it. She finished reading, confirmed in her conviction that her daughter was not of this world, then replaced the manuscript where she had found it and left the room.
The following afternoon, after Flannery had finished her homework and came out into the kitchen for some juice and crackers, she said, “You’ve read my story, then?”
“Why, what makes you think that?” Regina answered, looking up from her task.
“You reordered the pages for me,” she answered. “Please don’t read what isn’t finished yet,” she added.
Regina found no words. Being upbraided by her daughter, even if mildly, was nothing she’d had experience with. Besides, she still felt a little guilty for intruding. Nonetheless, she was looking around for the courage to restore the authority of motherhood when Flannery asked, “So, what did you think?”
“Oh dear,” she answered, almost with tears, “you have a gift, Mary Flannery.”
Flannery smiled then, an inward smile that bore no resemblance to a frown, and Regina felt happy to have helped.
At fourteen Flannery drew cartoons and wrote for the Peabody Palladium, her school newspaper. While considered odd by most students, she was nevertheless appreciated for her caustic articles and cartoons.
When at sixteen she began sewing clothes for her bantam hens in her home economics class, she quickly gained notoriety as the weirdest person on campus.
“And proud of it,” she’d add to anybody voicing that sentiment.
Then her father died, and she never mentioned him again, erasing him along with the pain of losing him.
She loved geese and set out to immortalize many of them in little illustrated books that she described to those who wondered what she was doing as being “too old for children and too young for grown-ups,” her way of saying her scribblings were not for public consumption. She hid them well, even from Regina, as she viewed these little books as private exercises, as getting ready, as finding her voice and medium. And at that time she preferred drawing to writing, thinking that “things with pictures talk louder, and these people need loud talking to.” Words were too subtle, it was with pictures she would touch them, she was pretty sure. And so she filled her books with them.
When she entered Georgia State College for Women, just a few blocks from where she now lived in Milledgeville, Georgia, she involved herself in all aspects of student life, except dancing, which she considered a waste of time, and sports, which she was no good at. She majored in Sociology and English.
While family and friends still addressed her as Mary Flannery, Flannery decided to drop Mary from her artistic name, and signed all academic work, and all writings and cartoons Flannery O’Connor from this point on. Regina thought of objecting, but as usual when it came to Mary Flannery’s quirks, thought better of it.
So it was as Flannery O’Connor that she had signed the two pieces that Regina wanted to “talk to her” about: My Relitives and Why I Chose Heart Trouble. Two more little books that Flannery had written and illustrated for her own amusement and as her way of getting ready.
“I’ve read these,” said Regina, indicating the two stitched sheaves of lined paper which lay on her desk.
“I know,” answered Flannery.
“I’m sorry,” said Regina, “I know you don’t want me prying.”
“I left them out for you to read,” she answered.
“You mean . . . ?”
“Mother,” said Flannery. “I need someone to tell me how I’m doing. It’s so easy to lose perspective when all you have is your own opinion, and that of infantile juveniles.”
“Well,” said Regina, and flattened the fabric of her skirt against her legs. “Well,” she said again. “Although I must admit that what you say in these stories is true, or mostly anyway, you can’t really say these things about people in this house.”
“Who’s to know?” said Flannery.
Regina thought about that for a spell, and yes, if Flannery kept them to herself, none would be the wiser. “You can’t publish these things in The Corinthian,” she said.
“Didn’t intend to.”
“That’s good.”
At which point Regina had run out of things to say. Except the one thing, of course, which she had noticed first of all: “Oh, and Relatives is spelled with an a, rel-a-tives, not with an i, rel-i-tives.”
Flannery cast a glance down at the cover page of the top manuscript. “Ah, yes,” she said. “Spelling’s not my strong point.”
“I’ll help.”
“That would be good, Mom,” said Flannery; and from that point on Regina became her personal line editor-cum-critic.
A couple of her other pieces did, however, make their way into The Corinthian, the college literary magazine: The Domestic Bliss of Samuel Taylor Coleridge and The Bookkeeper’s Chaucer, to the delight of her classmates who had heard Flannery read them to the class firsthand as completed class assignments. Her reputation as a comic and satirical writer, and artist, grew, somewhat to her teachers’ dismay who felt that perhaps Mary Flannery was not taking her assignments seriously—though even they could not help smiling as they read her pieces.
By now she had begun submitting her stories and poems to various publications, but commercially her work did not yet cut it. When asked at that time, she claimed that her main occupation was to “collect rejection slips.” But then she would add, without smiling, and mostly as a promise to herself, “I have things to say. I will learn how to write as well as I can, perhaps a little better.”
Of all her teachers, however, it turned out to be a new college faculty member, George Beiswanger, that—being an outsider hit with a Flannery in full stride—saw her talent the clearest. He encouraged her to work for extra credit to win a scholarship, and to apply for the State University of Iowa’s graduate writing program.
“Could I cut it?” she wanted to know. “Or am I wasting my time?”
“I have no doubt,” he answered. “You are good enough.”
And he was right. At first, however, she not only took classes in literature, but also in advanced drawing, American political cartooning, advertising, and magazine writing, still thinking that pictures were the way to go, were the better way to touch more of “the normal people,” even though the cartoons she had already submitted to The New Yorker and other commercial magazines had been rejected.
In fact, it was not until Paul Horgan, the director of the Iowa State Workshop’s fiction program, took her aside one day and convinced her to concentrate on fiction—including the discipline (which she stuck to) of putting in four hours a day, at the same time, every day, on writing—that she finally, and somewhat reluctantly, abandoned her cartoon aspirations.
Her roommate at Currier House in Iowa City, Fiona McCullough, agreed: if Flannery would concentrate on words instead of images—“let them form their own”, she told her, referring to her readers—she would certainly be published. She would become a major writer, she added.
Flannery, who rarely listened to advice from anyone her own age, and much less adopted any that she deigned to receive, was nonetheless heartened by Fiona’s encouragement, which was to form the foundation of a lifelong bond between them. Even so, Flannery was happy that Fiona traveled a lot over the weekends, leaving Flannery alone, and undisturbed, to write.
As if to corroborate a decision correctly made, Accent magazine accepted her story The Geranium in March of that year—it was now 1946. And that was it: she knew that she would make it. And knowing, now she began writing “for real” as she put it. She started a novel.
After continued studies at Iowa during 1947 and part of 1948, she accepted an invitation from the Yaddo Foundation to spend June and July at its artists’ colony near Saratoga Springs, New York, still working through chapter after slow chapter of what she at the time called Wise Blood and Simple. 
By the end of that summer she received an offer from Iowa State of a modest fellowship, while she at the same time was invited to stay on at Yaddo through the end of the year. Much to Regina’s dismay, and over her long distance protests, Flannery declined the teaching position at Iowa and remained at Saratoga Springs, until February of 1949 when she left for New York City to continue her work on her first novel. While in New York she also met Robert and Sally Fitzgerald, who would invite her to live with them in their house in Ridgefield, Connecticut, to let her finish the novel without financial worries, or with fewer, as Flannery put it.
By October the next year, she had found a publisher for her book, and she knew she was on the cusp of success. She even allowed herself to taste the pleasure of renown, to contemplate the coming fruits of her labor, an indulgence which her bear didn’t take too kindly to. So to prevent her from sliding under the blanket, and to keep her wide awake and focused on her task, he gently reached inside her body with tendril fingers and began to squeeze.
She was twenty-five then, and when the first tendril reached her, when slow death in bear form announced its arrival, she again—and clearly—remembered why she was here, valley and all.
Flannery’s bear would not leave her side for the next fourteen years.
:
Neither Heather, who knew exactly what Flannery was talking about, nor Gabriel, who had yet to fully find out, answered.
Flannery leaned with her back against the countertop and looked at Heather in silence for some time. Then she turned toward Gabriel. It was a look he recognized well. The deep concern mantled with anger. Flickering eyes, which could reflect irritating annoyance and controlled rage, both. Gabriel was leaning towards controlled rage.
Then she looked out through the doorway. The wind had softened to hardly a whisper outside, the grass had stilled and seemed to murmur to itself, not entirely pleased with the stillness, wondering where had the wind gone. Grasses like to move.
She faced Heather again, then went over to and sat down at the worn table. Gabriel followed her. She looked at them both again, “It has gone too far,” she said again. “There is no other choice. We must go there.”
“Netoniel?” said Gabriel. Not really a question.
“Yes,” said Heather.
“His mirrors?”
“Yes,” said Flannery.
“So the blanket is still growing then,” he said, now realizing why he was there.
“Yes, it is,” said Flannery. “And things are now getting out of hand. Well, they have been out of hand for some time, but now . . . ,” she shook her head, and her voice trailed off.
“And Netoniel?” asked Gabriel.
“Is nowhere to be found,” said Heather.
He looked at Heather, then at Flannery. “He’s not there?”
“No,” answered Flannery. “And we don’t know when he left, or for where.”
“Well, he was . . . ,” began Gabriel, but now it was his turn to not complete the sentence.
“There has been a terrible war,” said Flannery finally. “A terrible, terrible war. The whole world was fighting.”
“And you’re sure it’s the blanket?” he said.
“What else could it be?” she answered. “It has gotten progressively worse over the last many centuries. Darker and darker, increasingly vile. Culminating in this. And,” she added, “they are preparing to fight again.”
Heather was inspecting her hands, then looked out at the still grass, wishing herself amongst it again. Roaming again. Exploring. Or, wishing herself at home in her own cabin, or house, or castle. “I wish we could forget the whole thing,” she said.
“Well, frankly,” said Flannery, “I wish we could, too.”
“I am tired of tidying up after him,” said Gabriel. And he was.
“He is our brother,” said Flannery.
“I know.”
“And as a brother,” began Flannery.
“I know.”
“I think you goaded him to it,” said Heather, still looking out at the still grass.
“I did not,” said Gabriel. Not being entirely truthful.
“You said he could not do it,” said Heather. “You said no one could do it. Could not be done, you said. I heard you.”
“Well, what he was proposing was ludicrous. And impossible.”
 “Knowing full well,” she went on, ignoring Gabriel’s interjection, “that for our esteemed brother, that was pretty much the same as a personal challenge.”
“It could not be done,” protested Gabriel.
“Calling his competence into question, that’s what you did. That’s goading. At least when it comes to Netoniel.”
“It was a stupid idea,” said Gabriel.
“That’s the only kind he has,” said Flannery.
“And it can’t be done. You know that. Who’s ever heard of killing the soul?”
“We know that, and I’m sure that deep down Netoniel knows that too. But that doesn’t change things. He set out to do it.”
“Well, he riles easily,” said Gabriel.
“I don’t care who or what made him do it,” snapped Flannery. “He set out and he tried. And with some very dire consequences. Which we must do something about. Forgetting is just not an option.”
“I know, I know,” said Heather, back to inspecting her fingers, which then began brushing nonexistent crumbs off of the scarred table surface.
The whole valley was still now, listening. The grass had stopped its murmur, the hillsides held their breath. Creatures large and small had gathered outside the open door, trying—though not with any success to speak of—to remain unseen. The bear didn’t even try, sitting in plain view just outside the door, inspecting his paws very thoroughly, as if the last thing he was interested in was the conversation within.
The wind had settled on the roof, with a long, thin, listening leg slipping down the chimney and onto the floor, rustling a leaf or two that—by request from nearby trees—were there to listen as well, and to report back as soon as they knew anything.
Even the table and chairs held their breath.
And, as if by some strange accord, even the three children held their breaths.
Flannery finally let hers out in a long, part exasperated, part wistful, sigh.
“It’s very, very bad,” she said. She shot a glance out at the bear, who didn’t look back at her, then smiled her sardonic smile to herself. “How the word humane came to mean ‘compassionate’ in their dictionary, I’ll never know. I have never seen cruelty so unmasked. On such a scale.”
Neither of her siblings replied.
“They actually poured liquid fire down from airplanes, fire to burn the skin and lungs, down upon a continent of young men, mired in soggy trenches for months, feet and souls rotting, to die, at last, with bleeding lungs, drowning, more often than not, in their own blood.” She drew another deep breath. “This they did from the safety of their wretched airplanes, knowing full well what they were doing. And to think that they will one day call this the Great War.” She shook her head.
“What was it?” asked Gabriel. “That they poured?”
“Poisonous gas,” she replied.
“They had no way of defending themselves?” he wondered.
“Against the gas? No.” said Flannery. “Not really. They had crude masks that did some to protect their lungs from the chlorine gas they started out with, but once the ever enterprising War Research Departments developed mustard gas, these masks did little to protect them. Their simple filters could not catch this new ‘wonderful invention,’ not enough of it to make a difference anyway.”
“And so cowardly,” said Heather, looking up from her fingers.
“When their nations, unified by war into single monsters, begin playing tit for tat with atrocities,” said Flannery, now more to herself than to the others, “there seems to be no depth to which they will not go.”
“Well, you’ve got to hand it to Netoniel,” said Gabriel. “He does have a knack for these things.”
Flannery threw him a scathing glance. “I will pretend I didn’t hear that,” she said.
Gabriel shrugged. “Well he does, doesn’t he?”
Flannery didn’t dignify that with a reply. Then said, “And where have you been, by the way? Is this all news to you?”
“What? About the blanket?”
“No, about the war.”
“Here and there,” he said after considering a while.
“I bet.”
“I’m not his babysitter,” he said.
“He’s our brother,” she said.
He didn’t answer her. Instead he asked, “So, you think he’s killed them, is that it? He has succeeded?”
“No, that’s not what I mean. Of course not. Killing the soul, to use your own words, is a ludicrous idea. But,” and she now shook her head slowly, “he has all but vanished it. He has managed to smother and confuse it by his wonderful little mirrors, he has managed to crush it under the weight of his ever-growing blanket, and he has managed to eradicate most traces of decency from an entire population. And, perhaps you can chalk that up as a success of sorts. By his dictionary.”
“I still think you made him do it,” said Heather, back to her hands.
“I just said what either of you would have said, that it couldn’t be done.”
“That has not stopped Netoniel before,” said Heather.
“True,” conceded Gabriel. “But I didn’t mean for him to actually go ahead and try.”
“Is that the truth?” said Flannery. Wanting very much to know.
“Yes,” said Gabriel. And now he was truthful. “I was just baiting him a little.”
“Of course we knew it could not be done,” she said, “but at least I know Netoniel well enough not to provoke him.” She shot Gabriel another cutting glance, which made him wince. “It’s a thing called judgment. You may have heard of it.”
“It was just a game,” he said. “Just a stupid game.”
“Perhaps it was. For you, and for Netoniel. Perhaps it was just a stupid game, stupid brothers, stupid baiting. But there is nothing stupid about their suffering, Gabriel. It is horrifying and real. They have completely forgotten who they are. They are now convinced, to a man, I think, that they are their bodies. That that is what, or who, they are. They hurt at every turn, their despair is tangible. And no one, that I have been able to ascertain, has made it off the planet for at least four thousand years. They can’t leave. They are imprisoned. Either they have forgotten how, or the blanket simply stops them.”
“Or the mirrors,” said Gabriel, mostly to himself.
“Or the mirrors,” she agreed.
Gabriel considered this for a while, then arrived at his strange realization. “So he has killed the soul.”
“Nothing can kill the soul,” said Flannery.
“Of course not.” Gabriel looked up and met Flannery’s vivid eyes head on. “But for all practical purposes, I mean. He has, hasn’t he?”
Flannery did not answer immediately. Then she shook her head again. Not as denial, but in sadness. “For all practical purposes, perhaps he has killed the soul.”
Then she added, “And that is why we have to go there.”
Neither of the other two answered.
“It is our duty,” said Flannery.
“It’s his mess,” said Gabriel. “We should find him. Pat him on the back, ’Netoniel, you did it. Well done. Good Job. Now clean it up. Fix it.’ Let him undo the thing.”
“Well, that is just the point,” said Flannery. “I don’t think he can undo it.”
“You’ve asked?”
“We told you, he’s nowhere to be found.”
“Not a good sign,” Gabriel concurred.
“We have to go there,” Flannery said again.
Gabriel nodded slowly in agreement. Heather nodded too, while not taking her eyes off of her hands, where they still rested on the table.
And then no one said anything for so long that the leaves on the floor thought it was over and hitched a ride on the wind back to their trees to debrief, and the bear outside the door closed his eyes and pretended to fall asleep. So asleep that he fell over onto his back with a dull thud, which brought the three children back from their respective reveries. They all looked out at the sleeping bear, and each smiled a private, invisible smile.
Heather spoke first, “Tea anyone?” Then stood up to boil the water Flannery had forgotten to put on the hot stove.
:
It was the 21st of January, 1961, late in the gray Georgia afternoon, and Flannery had just said goodbye to her visitor. She stood by the door for a while, watching her walk down the drive, almost vanishing in the dusk before she reached the road, then returned to her room on the ground floor. She sat down at her cluttered desk to write a letter to Fiona McCullough, in which she, among other things, said the following about her visitor:

I don’t know if anyone can be converted without seeing themselves in a kind of blasting annihilating light, a blast that will last a lifetime. I would be afraid that a psychiatrist would make him lose the little he’s gained, unless it was one who respected his beliefs. This girl, who shows up here from time to time, was a seminarian at Union in New York and quite snarled up in the emotions, etc. When the psychiatrist got through with her, her emotions flowed magnificently and she believes nothing and herself is her God, and everything for her depends on her success in the theatre—which I doubt she’ll ever have. She is charming and very generous but headed for some major crack-up if she doesn’t somehow get back some of what she lost in the psychiatrist’s office.
By the way, has anyone managed to put Frank Paley behind bars yet? And how about Heather? How is she doing?
:
At the very moment Flannery sat down to her typewriter, Gabriel sat down at his gray Formica top desk in his little room in northern Sweden. He arranged a few things on it, put a pencil and a nearly new eraser away in its drawer, put a book away in its proper place on a shelf, then looked out the window.
It was a cold, clear, and crisp winter day. The sun stood low but bright in the sky and cast sheets of diamonds upon the endless snow fields that raced through the valleys and fields this far north. Even the trees were sprinkled. He followed the fields with his eyes all the way to the forest’s edge a mile or so distant, when he suddenly remembered the attic and his little poem. He had kept it, but wasn’t sure where he had put it.
Maybe it was that the diamonds, the sheets of sparkle that met his eyes, recalled the dust motes shimmering in the still air; perhaps it was their combined brilliance, or maybe it was the silence—for he was alone in the house that Saturday morning—that stirred him.
And, as he remembered his poem, and the sheets of light, the snow began to sing, and again, as in the attic the previous summer, he found a pencil, and a sheet of paper, and began to write, and again surprised himself with the result:

What is it that wakes the soul? What is it that penetrates the slumber of the very person, touches him, and stirs him awake? And what is it that puts him to sleep in the first place? What can possibly drown the desire for beauty so thoroughly that I could so forget those shimmering sheets of dust for these last many months, and not pay them as much as a thought? How is that really possible? How could I have forgotten?
For as I now look back, I felt so alive that day in the attic, more alive than at any time before in my entire life. How could I, how can anyone, just forget a moment like that for months, until this very moment. This very moment. With the same sun dancing on the snow.
Is it the soul that forgets, that falls asleep? Or is it something else? It was I who forgot, but am I really different from the soul? How do we know where to find the soul, and how do we wake him? Does every person have one? Even Hitler? Or, perhaps it is that we do not have a soul. Perhaps it is that we are a soul. Am I, the I who writes this, that guides my fingers to move this pencil into shapes called letters, am this I, perhaps, in truth, not a brain or a collection of molecules and patterns after all, but a spirit?

He put the pencil aside and read through what he had just written. As he got toward the end of the last paragraph he felt a ripple in his feet and in his legs and in his chest and it gathered speed and strength as it reached his head and suddenly shot him, like an invisible cannonball up into the clear Swedish winter air to take a look at things from quite a ways up.
His first thought—if thought is the right word—was that he had suddenly died. His second thought was that he had never felt so alive. He could see, all around him. Clearly, perfectly, everything.
And what a view. His third thought—or impulse perhaps—was to describe what he saw, but he found that he could not control his fingers from up there, could not even find them, could in fact barely keep his body (inside that little house so far below he could barely make it out against the brilliant white) breathing. No, he could only look, and he found himself to be a looking that he knew was him, that perceived everything in amazing detail, that marveled at not feeling in the least cold so high up on a day so cold that just walking on the snow covered ground crunched and squeaked like you were walking on crispy cereal. A looking that was not so sure that there was a difference between seeing and tasting and hearing and feeling.
He remained there, suspended mid-space for a minute, maybe ten, he had no way of telling. Then his body inhaled him and he slid down the chute he had come up and back into his head in an instant. Back to normal, but so very far from it.
Now he knew: the person does not have a soul, he is a soul.
:
Flannery had just finished the note to Fiona when she felt the ripple and rush so many miles to the east so clearly that she could almost taste the snow. She smiled to herself and placed another sheet in the typewriter. And typed:

He’s waking up is our brother Gabriel; I can tell. (What’s a semicolon for, anyway? Isn’t it for a long pause? Well, no matter, I can tell he’s stirring).
Stirring and steering that Swedish ship of his above those seas and seas of snow. How he loves the snow, does Gabriel, and the sun. Looking and looking. Well, I’m glad he is and that he’s stirring awake. It’s about time.
And you, stupid bear, crawling at me in the shape of slender-fingered Death. Is it not time for you to make up your mind, one way or the other. Either get it over with or keep off. Or is this just your way of keeping me honest?

She leaned back and closed her eyes. Her fingers ached. She was very, very tired. The Lupus was not kind to her, and Death in the shape of a bear was peeking through the cracks, prying them with fine fingers to let him in. Still, she kept him at bay, it wasn’t time to go yet. Was this part of the plan? His plan? Her Plan? She could not remember. Maybe it was just to make sure she did not forget, she could not afford to forget.
And what about Heather?
Maybe she should tell Fiona to at least speak to her. She thought of adding a post scriptum to her letter, but then changed her mind again. No, she had best be left alone for now. She had enough on her mind, and she was not old enough to leave home just yet.
Gabriel, on the other hand, could soon be on his way, as long as he steered clear of those boyish urges.
:
Nine days later, Fiona McCullough’s reply arrived. Her letter included these two paragraphs:

Frank Paley is still at it and is still very much a free man. Heather seems to be fine, but looks tired most of the time. From what I hear—from a friend who works at her school, I may have told you about her—it seems Heather has become the peacekeeper in that madhouse of a family. Her mother is getting sickly and leans more and more on her as a crutch, from what I can surmise—from the fact that she’s missing too many days of school. I wonder if the girl will in fact hold up under the various pressures she must be under. Also, most of the boys wear bruises to school daily.
Do you want me to speak to her? To Heather, I mean.

Flannery answered, thanks, but no thanks. Just wondering, is all.
:
Heather set the table and served the tea. There was nothing to eat, but as no one was hungry, that did not matter. They were content with the steaming, yellow liquid that Heather poured into their cups. Flannery blew on the surface of hers, took a silent sip, then slowly replaced the cup onto its saucer with a soft tinkle.
The world outside held its breath again, the better to hear. The bear rolled over heavily, onto its side, one ear to the door, wide awake behind closed eyes.
Flannery looked at Gabriel. “Did you know that Charles went there?” she said.
“No, I didn’t. When?”
“Early eighteen hundreds, by their reckoning.”
“Is he back?”
“He is not back,” said Flannery.
“And he is not coming back,” said Heather.
Gabriel cast them a quick glance, surprised.
“The blanket,” said Flannery.
“What happened?”
“Well,” began Heather. “The blanket was thicker, deadlier, than he had allowed for. Apparently.” She took another sip of her tea. “He said he was only going there to have a look around. Quick dip, in and out, as he put it.”
“Why?”
Flannery answered, “The same reason we have to go. He saw the suffering. Went looking for Netoniel, but could not find him. Had to do something, he said. At least find out what was going on.”
Gabriel nodded. That was cousin Charles.
“But he got caught,” said Heather.
Gabriel said nothing, only looked from sister to sister.
“He must have noticed right away, the weight of the blanket,” said Flannery. “He should have left then and there, but he chose to stay.”
“What happened to him?”
“I guess drowned is as good a word as any,” Flannery answered.
“Drowned?”
“Yes. Or suffocated, perhaps. Whichever way you name it, he could not make his way back.”
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I didn’t know.”
“Once he realized he could not leave, at least not by himself,” said Flannery, “I believe he decided to try to wake some of them up. Maybe with help, he, they could find a way out.”
“Wake them up,” said Gabriel. “How?”
“The only way he knew. With stories.”
“Stories.”
“Of course. What better way is there? And he did write, many of them. Grew very popular as a matter of fact.”
“But it didn’t work?” It wasn’t really a question. Gabriel looked over at Heather, who shook her head.
But it was Flannery who answered, “No, It didn’t work. By this time Charles was already under the blanket’s spell, or whatever it is that it does to you. And his memory of us was fading, if not completely gone.”
“Then we lost sight of him altogether,” said Heather.
It was Gabriel’s turn to shake his head. Then he said, “And you mean for us to go down there?”
“Yes,” said Flannery.
“It does not sound too healthy.”
“We must,” said Heather. “We cannot let the blanket grow indefinitely. It will eventually smother everything. No one on Earth will survive it. The place will become a lifeless desert.”
“Not a pretty picture,” Gabriel conceded.
:
Returned to his head, Gabriel looked back out the window, the snow still sparkling, tinkling, singing. He could almost hear it, could in fact hear it. That’s what it felt like, anyway. He opened the drawer and brought out his pencil again. Instead of writing, however, he looked at it as if he had never seen one in his life before, which was pretty much the case. He smelled it, the musky, almost spicy wood, the yellow pretty much odorless paint, the gray aroma of lead, the rubbery scent of the pink eraser. Then he weighed it in his hand, it was light. Warm. There. He looked at it some more, surprised almost to be holding it, that it stayed so very apparent. Then he put the dull point to lined paper, and wrote:

It was like an orgasm, this was, this wonderful release. I’m still shaking a little. It was as if I were a sperm, shot out in ejaculation, only it was me and through my real head, far away, far up, soaring. Was this a precursor to new life? New life? Have I just exited Socrates’ cave? And what an amazing thing this pencil is. Needs sharpening though. But I think I have woken up somehow.

Netoniel’s blanket fluttered and gave a little at the last thought, opening just enough to reveal a different air above it, and a field of emerald grass outside a small house, his two sisters within. A large bear was sleeping in the grass. Or pretending to.
For a moment the image lingered, and for that moment it was far more real than the glare of the snow outside, than the warm air inside, than the Formica top his elbows rested upon. Then the blanket shifted, settled again and closed, and the room returned in force, all real again, jealously so.
:
A brief silence fell over the two sisters and their brother by the old table, each wrapped in their own thoughts, neither liking their choice, each knowing there was no other.
“More tea, anyone?” said Heather, again the first to stir.
“Please,” said Gabriel.
Flannery, surveying the sleeping bear, vocalized her current train of thought, “He must have tricked them into creating it.” Then, after a brief inspection of the hilly horizon beyond, “Yes, I’m pretty sure that’s what he’s done.”
She had their attention.
“I have seen it done before,” she turned to them and continued, “though never this effectively, and never for this long.” Then she added, “If we could wake them up, at least long enough to make them see what they are doing, maybe we could help them stop.”
“It, the blanket or it, the mirror?” asked Gabriel.
Flannery eyed him, first a little puzzled, then slightly annoyed. “The blanket,” she said, implying of course.
“Well, the thing is,” said Gabriel. “He never mentioned the blanket, not once. His big thing was the mirror. He called it the reflector.”
“He could have been lying. Trying to fool you. It’s been known to happen,” said Flannery.
“Sure.”
“Or perhaps he didn’t know,” said Heather.
“About what, the blanket?” said Flannery.
“Yes.”
Flannery suddenly looked uncomfortable. “Do you really think that’s a possibility?” she asked. Not sarcastically.
“Yes.”
“I agree,” said Gabriel. “What if the mirrors somehow create the blanket?” said Gabriel.
“But they only deflect. Reverse and deflect. I don’t think a deflection can create anything,” said Flannery. “I’ve never seen that happen. What I have seen is the result of spirits tricked into involuntary creation, and that behaved pretty much like the blanket, though never, as I said, for this long. In my experience they would have remembered by now and realized what they were doing. And stopped.”
“No such luck here,” said Gabriel.
“No,” said Flannery. “No such luck here.”
“I don’t think we can rule that out though.”
“What?”
“That the mirrors may be involved, with the blanket, somehow,” said Gabriel.
“Of course they are involved, but not with the blanket. I don’t see how they could.”
“I don’t know,” said Gabriel.
“The blanket grows,” said Flannery. “So it is being created, still. And as no one would create his own drowning, surely, it is not created voluntarily. That’s what I see.”
“I agree,” said Heather.
“Yes, it make sense,” said Gabriel.
“The mirrors simply reverse their wishes,” said Flannery, “that’s not going to create a blanket.”
Gabriel nodded. “No, I agree.”
“So they are creating the blanket unknowingly.”
“Apparently.”
“And waking them up, will make them stop.”
“I think you are right,” said Heather.
“I hope so,” said Flannery.
“And how,” wondered Gabriel, “do we wake them up?”
“Stories,” said Heather.
“Stories,” said Gabriel. “Yes, of course. But didn’t you just get through telling me that Charles tried that?”
“He did,” said Flannery.
“And that they did not work.”
“His didn’t.”
“But he is the best storyteller among us.”
“He is.”
“So?”
“So, we must learn to write even better stories, deeper, truer, closer, clearer.”
“And stories are the best way?”
“I would say they are the only way,” said Heather.
“You are sure?” said Gabriel.
“Yes,” said Flannery.
“Yes,” said Gabriel, after a moment’s reflection. “Yes. It is how we touch.”
“In the stillness of the page,” said Heather into the silence that followed, “when nothing but ink on white will stir the seeing eye, when nothing but the soul itself is left to bring alive the world once traced by inky fingers on willing paper.”
Flannery added, “When nothing but the deepest knowing, the stillness behind those reading eyes, shines awake the meaning, to build, word by word, a world as full and fuller than that which made the ink, than that which made the paper.”
Gabriel could have concluded the quote, for as his sisters spoke he remembered sitting at a similar table, in a similar house many years ago, Charles brimming with conviction, reading to them from his notes the final lines: “When nothing but the towering mountains, raging seas and tenderest loves live within him, so received by him from the page, then so created by him, and not before, are we talking to the spirit.” But he didn’t.
Instead, he said, “And we have no idea where he is now?”
“No,” said Flannery.
“Or how badly off he is?”
“No,” said Flannery. “We have lost his trace.”
“Nothing?”
“Not as yet.”
“You’re still looking?”
“Heather is.”
“Ah.”
Heather poured the newly brewed tea, but said nothing.
“What else?” asked Gabriel, who sensed the unspoken among them.
Neither answered.
“What?” repeated Gabriel.
“The blanket is now so thick that hardly anything can shine through,” said Flannery. “It’s growing almost exponentially.”
“So, when we go there, is that what you’re saying, we will drown, too? Like Charles?”
“Yes,” she said. “That is what I’m saying, I’m afraid. We will drown on entry. Well, you two will anyway.”
“And you?”
“I will stay awake.”
“How?”
“The bear will help.”
“How?” Gabriel asked again.
“He knows how,” said Flannery, and Gabriel saw that she was not about to elaborate.
“And there’s no way Netoniel . . . ?” began Gabriel, against hope.
Heather shook her head. “It has gone too far. Far too far. And even if he wanted to, I don’t think he could reverse it now. It’s out of control. Too thick, and growing thicker still. I think perhaps that is why we can’t find him.”
“You mean to say he has a conscience, after all?” said Gabriel, and not really as a joke.
“I don’t think he does,” snapped Flannery. “Heather, here, thinks everything, even evil incarnate, has a conscience.”
Heather didn’t answer.
“I think he realizes that he’s set a fire that could spread, far wider than intended, and he’s run off to save his own skin. That’s what I think,” said Flannery, still aimed at Heather.
Who still did not answer.
“And we cannot simply forget about it,” suggested Gabriel, with little hope of consonance.
“No,” said Flannery. “That’s the one thing we cannot do.”
:
Netoniel: brother, sister, father, mother, son, daughter, angel, devil, genius, coward, escapee—no one could really tell, or keep track, he changed so often—was also quite sure that he could not, or would not if he could; well, perhaps he would, only perhaps, if he could, but he could not, not any more, not for some time now, do anything about the spreading fire, his clever mirror, the growing blanket, for the thing had gotten out of hand. Way.
It was not supposed to have happened. The strands were not supposed to last, they were supposed to evaporate. They were not supposed to rise and gather and weave this ever-growing spread, miles thick now, covering the Earth like a miasma, visible only to the spirit. Growing still with each new wish of each soul, with each wish to leave the suffering behind, with each hope to be elsewhere, elsewhen. Each such yearning a new strand: miniscule as one, but monstrous as trillions.
And, yes, he had to admit it, even to others—as he on rare occasions did, over a glass of something strong at some remote pub in some remote galaxy—yes, this had indeed grown beyond his not inconsiderable acumen, and that he now had neither the patience, nor the aspiration to deal with it. Also, it might be dangerous by now, even to him.
Besides, he was pretty sure Flannery would sort it out.
“Could we have another one of these,” he yelled over at the bartender and held up his glass.
:
Flannery pulled the sheet out of her typewriter and read through what she had written, made a few corrections. Read it again, and could smell the cold air of her cabin kitchen as she looked over her shoulder and saw the bear standing silently in the corner, smiling his stern bear smile, thinking like her, perhaps, about emerald grass and a different wind, of a blanketless sky. If only he didn’t have to hurt her so much. If only she didn’t feel so drained.
She turned back to her typewriter, inserted a new sheet of paper, flexed her fingers to restore circulation, and resumed her typing.
:
“We agree then, that we must write,” said Flannery.
Neither of her siblings objected, and she took that issue as settled then.
“We must choose the best language,” she pressed on, “master it to perfection, then write as clearly as we can. We must touch each individual soul and stir him awake.”
“I take it they read,” said Gabriel.
“Yes, that they do. A lot.”
“For enlightenment or entertainment?”
“Mainly for entertainment.”
“Will such reading touch them deeply enough?”
“If we write well enough,” said Flannery.
“Which language?” asked Gabriel. “English?”
“English,” confirmed Heather.
“Same as Charles.”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“English has become the Earth’s tongue,” said Flannery.
“I thought Sanskrit was the Earth’s tongue,” said Gabriel to no one in particular.
Flannery shook her head. “I wish you’d keep yourself up to date.”
“It was a joke,” said Gabriel.
“Ah, yes,” said Flannery, not all that convinced.
Gabriel looked at Heather who didn’t find it funny either.
“Sanskrit has not been spoken on Earth for three thousand years,” said Heather.
“I said it was a joke,” said Gabriel. “I am not completely out of touch.”
“Are you not?” said Flannery.
“English then,” said Gabriel.”
“Yes.”
“If we, Heather and I, as you so cheerfully promise, will drown on entry,” said Gabriel, “how do we find each other?”
“I will find you,” said Flannery. “I, and the bear, will enter first. I will get myself situated, then signal for you, Gabriel. A little later I will call you, Heather.”
“How are you going to reach us, through the blanket?” wondered Gabriel.
“The bear knows how,” said Flannery, and elaborated no further.
“Why can’t we enter together, as siblings?” said Heather.
Flannery shook her head. “No, we need to spread out a bit, both geographically and temporally.”
“Why?” Heather wanted to know.
“If we are together and something unforeseen happens, it may happen to all of us. It’s a risk we cannot take.”
Heather was not convinced. “What could happen?”
“A car accident,” suggested Gabriel.
“For example,” said Flannery. “What if we’re out driving and our car breaks down and some escaped convict misfit criminal catches up to us and decides to shoot us all. If we’re together we’ll all be gone.”
“What are the chances of that?” said Heather.
“More than zero,” said Flannery.
“I see your point,” said Heather.
“I will leave shortly,” said Flannery. “In about twenty or so years of their time I’ll call you Gabriel, so please stay available and listen. It goes by fast, remember.”
“I do, and I will,” said Gabriel.
“Five year later I’ll call you, Heather.”
“I’ll be here.”
“I will learn the language well, and I will learn their writing craft. I will document what I find and pass this on to you. And, I will write.”
“What will you tell them?” asked Gabriel. “What should we write about?”
“Anything that will remind them. We have to remind them,” said Flannery, “that they are spirits, asleep, but still spirits. However we do this, whatever stories we tell, we must remind them. Remind them so well that they do remember. So well that they wake up.”
“And when they do,” he said.
“Then they will stop creating the blanket.”
“And the mirrors?”
“For now, I just don’t know,” said Flannery. “For I don’t know how he made them, how he installed them, or where he hid them.”
“I wish we knew where Netoniel is,” said Gabriel. “Surely, if we asked him. If we groveled a little. He’d like that.”
“No one has seen him for ages,” said Heather.
:
Netoniel: Always moving now. Not too sure himself exactly where he was at the moment. What part of what galaxy. What sun, what planet exactly. He was in fact hiding. No, not hiding, not really, he told himself, that was not it, he was just staying away, thoroughly.
For still, with each revolution, he knew Earth was growing worse. With each wish, whether flimsy or heartfelt—the little mirrors didn’t care—the blanket grew thicker by that one wish turned single strand, and now, by a billion wishes every hour, a billion new strands, each yearning for fulfillment, yes now, to his mind, Earth had reached the proportions of, well, an unpleasant accident.
What had started out as a bit of a prank really, as an engineering feat, as a knot, a puzzle, call it what you will, meant to be unsolvable—though not truly, for what could be designed could always be undesigned, at least to his mind, he just wanted to make it as hard as possible for them to figure it out—had in the end, as it happened, turned out to be exactly that: unsolvable. Rendered next to unsolvable by his clever mirror, and taking that final step with the help of the unpredicted blanket, which—and he could hear it cry for release, or at least thought he could whenever he thought in that direction—apparently would not dissipate until each and every one of its wishes had come true.
He had told them, well, perhaps bragged, that he had found a way to kill the soul, and they had not believed him, Gabriel especially. Wonderful brother Gabriel. How could you possibly kill something immortal? And that amused smile of his. Superior. Knowing.
But look at them. He had done it. They were asleep now, were they not, asleep by the billions, asleep by design, his design. And as close to dead as immortality will allow. For all practical purposes, then: Dead. Success.
Except, and that was the accident part, it was only supposed to have been temporary.

The mirror: The clever reversing mirror—which he had dubbed the reflector—was indeed Netoniel’s invention. And a fine one at that. Invisible and small and effective: Wish for white, get black; wish for in, get out; wish for knowing, become ignorant; wish for peace, get war; wish for life, get death.
Sweet.
There were two tricks to it. The mirror itself, of course. It had to be designed just right, capable of sensing and interpreting any intent, any wish or hope the soul might have or make. That was the hard part. Took work. Engineering it to reverse that hope to its mathematical opposite, to flip that dream completely around and beam it back to the wisher, so he would in fact pursue the reverse of what he intended, well that was easier. Just mathematics, really.
The other trick, of course, was to make each recipient soul create, install, hide, and utterly forget doing so, his own mirror—voluntarily, sort of. But Netoniel’s hands were nothing if not sleight of, and his reach nothing if not majestic, and though it took some time—lots of people there—they all, to a soul, had in the end gladly (if quite foolishly) slavishly absorbed his blueprint and from it created each their own mirror to his very specs, and had, when done, locked it invisibly away and forgotten all about it.
Sweet indeed.
So far so good.
Then, to be truthful, he had sat back to see how long it would take the first soul to solve the riddle, to find his mirror, and maneuver his way out of the maze, for although he had boasted to Flannery and Heather—and to Gabriel especially—that no one would ever wake up, not once he was done with them, that he could in fact kill the soul, you just watch, deep down he didn’t believe so himself, for he, as well as anyone, knew that nothing, nothing can kill the soul.
Well, that’s what he thought, anyway. When after nearly a thousand years not a single soul had puzzled its way out, or had been able to leave the planet at body death, then he began to realize that his design was perhaps a tad too good.
And it was at about this time, too, that the blanket began to appear, the one thing unforeseen. He realized that it must have begun forming from the start, but now it had grown into visibility, at least for Netoniel.
At first it appeared like a haze, as a disturbance of the atmosphere, then like a mist, then like a fog, then like a blanket, a silvery cloud, only sheet thin at first, but with each additional strand a little thicker, and a little thicker, till soon it was nearly half a mile deep. How could he have foreseen that the strands would not evaporate? They should have, had in fact during his lab tests, although—and he thought of this only later, much later—he had been aware of the mirror’s presence, of course. Could have made all the difference.
And still it grew, to eventually smother the Earth with hope, with wishes, each a silvery bar over bluish prison.
A real mess in other words. So he took off, roaming galaxies and universes until he had no clear idea exactly where he was, or where Earth was for that matter, which suited him just fine.
He felt just a touch guilty, but he could live with that.
Still, Flannery would figure something out. She always did. He’d check back later to see how she was doing. Much later.
:
On the 4th of February, 1961, Flannery’s letter to Fiona said, among other things:

I can’t get over the Mary Ann business. I told the Sisters that if that child was a saint, her first miracle would be getting a publisher for their book. And now the more I think about the way that book was written, the more convinced I am that it is a genuine miracle.
I have been reading Mauriac’s Memoirs Interieurs, which when I finish it I am going to send to you to read what he says about Emily Bronte. He sounds so much like you he might be you. He also has some good things to say about Hawthorne. I shall claim to be the only living person who doesn’t have a theory about Emily Bronte. I don’t know anything about her except she lived on the moor. I don’t know what a moor is but I should guess a piece of land that was desolate and damp. I read Wuthering Heights once but I am going to have to read it again to see why it fascinates you so.
I am worried about Heather Paley. How is she looking these days? Can you tell if her father beats her as well as the boys? I may ask you to talk to her soon.
:
Part of Fiona’s reply, dated the 28th of February, 1961, read:

I, too, must consider the Mary Ann story getting published a miracle, especially from what you told me about it and the Sisters initially. So, perhaps, Mary Ann is a saint.
Heather Paley looks, I don’t know the best word for it, starved, perhaps. Sallow of face and a little vacant. I’ve seen her a couple of times on her way to school. She looks behind her often. Not happy.
I have never put the question to you before, but if you can, please let me know: What is your interest in the Paleys, and in Heather in particular? How did you come to know about Frank Paley and his beating his children. I am curious but have always found it inappropriate to ask. I don’t remember you mentioning them when you stayed with Robert and Sally Fitzgerald here in Ridgefield. Did you know them then? I know it’s really none of my business, but I have to ask. I hope you don’t mind. There, I’ve asked.
:
Flannery did not reply to Fiona’s letter until March 23rd. She simply did not know what to tell her. She read the letter again, and again deliberated what to answer. The truth, of course, was quite out of the question. Finally, she drew a deep breath and let out a long sigh, and typed the following, lying all the way:

To answer your question, Fiona (and I don’t think it’s inappropriate of you to ask), I ran into Frank Paley in 1949, while I lived with Robert and Sally. Sally and I were out walking when I first set eyes on him. He looked so morose and so bullyishly evil to me that I had to ask Sally who he was. She had no idea, but agreed with me that he looked like harboring less than saintly intentions. Would Sally find out, I asked? Why? She wanted to know. Just curious, I replied, and since Sally by this time had pretty much gotten used to my many idiosyncrasies, she agreed to find out for me.
When she told me who he was, she also told me what kind of a man he was, at least by way of rumor. A wife and child beater. A grown-up bully, taking it out on his children.
I, for some morose reason that I could not explain to myself satisfactorily, needed to know more, and by mid 1950 I knew that Ann Paley, the wife, was pregnant again, and was due later in the year.
When on Santa Lucia day—they celebrate this in Sweden apparently, don’t ask me how I know—Ann Paley gave birth to a girl, her first, and they named her Heather. I don’t know Fiona, I just felt a kinship with her, the unfortunate baby to be born into this legitimate hell.
It’s one of those things, Fiona. A chance encounter and you remain interested.

Her real concern was, of course, that Heather, in choosing the healthiest mother on the maternity ward that day—typically Heather, had, by chance and some very bad luck, also chosen the worst father possible. Had in fact joined a madhouse of a family, ruled by a little Hitler called Frank, and now she ran the very real risk of not waking up on time—by the time Flannery would have to leave—or of not waking up at all.
:
The day Frank Paley got fired from the phone company, his oldest son, Justin, died.
It was a Monday, the 14th of August, 1961. As he arrived for work that morning, Frank Paley was informed by his immediate supervisor, Jeff Walken, that the District Manager, up from New Haven for the day just to see him, was waiting in the lunchroom.
Ah, promotion, finally, was Frank’s first, and last, thought. What other reason could there be?
“Mr. Paley,” said the District Manager and rose as Frank entered. Jeff shut the door behind him and stayed in the room. He took up position by the door. Not unguardlike.
They shook hands. “Norman West,” said the District Manager.
“I know,” said Frank.
“Please,” said West, indicating a chair.
Frank sat down, and smiled at Mr. West. Then he turned in his chair and smiled at Jeff as well.
Jeff didn’t smile back, which did not register with Frank.
This was his moment.
“Mr. Paley,” began the District Manager.
Here it comes, thought Frank, and he was already preparing what to say in thanks.
“Mr. Paley,” said the District Manager again. “I’m afraid we have some bad news.”
Frank didn’t quite stop smiling. Something, and it was more the tone of voice than the words he heard that told him all was not well with his promotion. He did not answer.
“I’m afraid we’re going to have to let you go.”
That is of course not what he heard, he wasn’t sure what he heard, but they could not let him go, that was impossible, so that could not have been what Mr. West said.
Still smiling, he turned to Jeff who didn’t look up from inspecting his shoes. “I’m not sure I understand,” said Frank to the District Manager.
“We are going to let you go, Frank,” he said.
Still, he did not connect the words he heard with any meaning relevant to him. Again he turned back to Jeff for clarification. Jeff looked up from the floor and saw the confusion in Frank’s face.
“You’ve been fired, Frank,” he said. Not one to mince matters.
“Jeff,” began Frank. “How, why?”
“Too many complaints, Frank,” said Jeff.
“Complaints about what?”
Neither man answered.
“Complaints about what?” This time Frank spoke very loudly.
“About your domestic affairs,” said the District Manager.
“My domestic affairs? What the hell do they have to do with anything?”
“Several customers refuse to have you visit. We have a list of fifty customers that have requested, specifically and in writing, that you never visit their homes.”
“You can’t do this,” said Frank. “The union.”
“The union has approved it,” said Mr. West.
“The hell it has,” said Frank.
Mr. West dove into his brown briefcase and extracted a typed sheet of paper. “Here,” he said. “Read this.”
Frank did. The union had approved his dismissal. He recognized the signature. Suddenly he felt completely cornered. Exposed. Someone had talked, and he knew exactly who had: Justin.
“You have been with us quite a few years,” said the District Manager. “You will receive a decent pension.”
Frank had stopped listening. Instead he was seeing Justin sneaking from neighbor to neighbor ratting on his father, holding up his bruises for them to gape at. They were not that bad. They were not really bruises. The little bastard.
The District Manager stood up, the audience was over.
Frank looked around at Jeff again, and stood up as well.
“That, I’m afraid, is all I came to tell you,” said Mr. West, and did not offer his hand.
The little bastard, he thought again, and left the lunchroom without another word.

Heather knew something was terribly wrong when she came home from school and opened the front door. Her mom was sitting, white as snow, on the very far end of the living room sofa, pushing her knuckles into her mouth, her face shining with tears. Justin was lying in a heap on the floor by her feet. Frank was in the kitchen, she could hear him moving about, his heavy feet, not sitting down, pacing like he did when he was upset.
Her mom’s eyes were fixed on the heap by her feet. They did not move when Heather entered. She was carved out of the stillness. So was Justin.
There was a small puddle spreading out from under her brother. It was dark and moved slowly. That’s when she ran for the phone. She picked up the receiver and looked down to dial the police when Frank’s fist hit her squarely on her right temple and she dropped the receiver into the oncoming blackness.

The Irish Catholic Chief of Police ruled it an accident. It was forgiven by the Irish Catholic Priest.
The newspaper, basing its account on the official police report, said it was a terrible accident. All the more terrible for being the second son the poor father had lost in less than five years. No father, the reporter concluded, no family should have to endure such loss.

From now on Frank Paley had all day at home to torment his wife and remaining children.
Heather, now her mother’s right hand and full-time peacekeeper, tried so hard to forgive her father that she actually succeeded.
:
Gabriel arrived in Stockholm from his little hometown up north on the 3rd of September, 1961.
At barely sixteen he was perhaps too young to leave home, but his father had had just about enough of him and his constant scribbling—dreaming on paper as he called it, mockingly and disappointedly both, since the plan had always been for Gabriel to take over the engineering business his father had built, now obviously no longer the case—so, good riddance.
Also, since his mother wanted nothing but his happiness, and since she knew he was only happy now when he was writing, it was fine with her. Besides, some of his teachers had told her that Gabriel was a genius.
So, on the 5th of September, it was a cloudless day with air so crisp you felt crystallized just walking in it, on strong recommendations from his Swedish Literature teacher who was well connected with the Academy, and also from his hometown school board, he enrolled in the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts and Letters, and set out to learn the craft.
It was not until halfway through a thesis on Strindberg that he realized that he was learning to write in the wrong language.
:
As Flannery sat at her typewriter and picked her way through the story, she could breathe the clear Stockholm air through her words and relaxed a little. Yes, Gabriel was coming to, albeit in Swedish. He was on schedule.
The same could not be said of Heather, whose breathing she could no longer perceive, lost now in the dense fog of the blanket, cowed there by her father and held there by her mother and the need to keep the peace.
Even with Michael and Justin gone, she still had four siblings and her mother to comfort and support. And, Heather told herself, her father needed her too, despite what he had done, or perhaps just because of it. Heather did not see him as a murderer of children, but rather as another victim of his own violence.
:
“We won’t wind up with mirrors, right?” asked Gabriel.
“No,” answered Flannery. “Not unless you’ve been incautious around Netoniel lately. But the blanket is now so thick that it will smother us. It has reached the ground, it fills everything. It will make us forget. Well, it’ll make you two forget.”
“There is nothing we can do to stay awake?” asked Heather.
“Nothing that I know of,” answered Flannery.
“But you, you’ll stay awake?” asked Gabriel.
“Yes,” she answered.
“The bear,” said Gabriel.
“The bear,” she confirmed.
“You also have the determination of a mule, that helps,” muttered Gabriel.
“Pardon?” snapped Flannery.
“Nothing,” said Gabriel.
“That may be true,” said Flannery. “But it will serve us well.”
Outside, the bear rolled over and continued to pretend he was sleeping.
“I still say Netoniel cleans up his own mess,” offered Gabriel.
“Yeah, well, that’s not going to happen.”
“I know.”
“It’s up to us to wake them up.”
“There’s quite a few of them,” Gabriel more muttered than said.
“Billions,” added Heather.
“I know,” said Flannery.
“And we can only wake them one by one?” said Gabriel.
“I know of no other way,” said Flannery.
“But, billions,” said Gabriel.
“Yes,” said Flannery, “Billions.”
“It’s going to take some time,” said Gabriel.
“We have lots of that,” Flannery bit back.
:
The bear: Not a bear, of course, far from it. Some knew him as Semyaza, the leader of the supposedly evil angels—who weren’t evil in his opinion, a little rebellious maybe. Some knew him as the constellation of Orion, his favorite home. Flannery knew him as both of these, and as the bear, her self-appointed guardian.
A few knew him as Gadal, or said they did, but that would make him Netoniel’s brother—which in turn would make him Flannery’s brother, so there is probably not much truth to that.
Still listening intently behind what appeared to be hibernating eyelids. He did not like what he heard for he did not like Earth, not even a little, and it was now clear to him that he would have to go, too. To keep an eye on her. To keep her awake.
He made a big deal of turning over in his sleep, knowing full well that they all turned to watch him, knowing full well that he was listening, knowing full well he knew full well, as well.
But Flannery meant for him to hear, so they continued their conversation.
:
Gabriel watched the bear pretending to sleep.
“One by one,” Flannery added, less sternly. “And that’s why we have no other option: we must write.”
Gabriel looked back at her from studying the bear. “They have radio now,” he said. “And moving pictures. They’re sure to have television soon enough, too. Can’t we use that?”
“No,” said Flannery. “Only stories, in books, will work.”
“Why?” asked Heather.
Flannery studied her for a while. “Moving pictures, and soon television,” she said, “spells everything out. Foreground, background, expressions, size, movements, sounds, everything. They leave,” she paused to find the right word, “they leave nothing to imagine, nothing for the spirit to create with his own energy, for his own eye.”
She looked over at Gabriel to make sure he, too, was listening. He was.
“Only the written story meets the reading spirit half-way, outlines—suggests may be a better word—what to create and the spirit does the rest, filling in all the blanks. A well-crafted story is really created as much by the reader as by the writer. And written well, by someone who understands what happens when it is read, it will demonstrate to the reader that he can indeed still create, that he does in fact create, that he is still fully capable. That he is still awake,” she added after a brief pause into which no sound entered.
Gabriel nodded both his understanding and agreement. Heather, too.
“So we must write. And not only write, but we must write very well, and we must be read, widely read.”
“Is this perhaps easier said than done?” suggested Gabriel without a trace of cynicism.
“It is,” confirmed Flannery.
“We must become very good writers,” said Heather.
“We must become amazingly good writers,” Flannery confirmed again. “Magicians, I’d say.”
That’s a good word for it, thought the bear to himself, and turned over again. As noisily as before. To make sure they’d notice how asleep he was.
:
He stood quietly in the corner of her room, a transparent, shadowy figure of a bear, watching her write. Some of his fingers, slender tendrils of death, massaged her lungs and heart and kidneys and liver and drained her strength. He loved her, did the bear, more than just about anything, so it pained him to hurt her. But he knew of no other way to keep her reminded, to keep her awake. By killing that about her which was perishable, he constantly reminded her of that about her which was not. And it kept her awake, well, awake-ish anyway—the blanket had now grown too dense for her to remain fully lucid, at all times, even with his help.
So, he stood quietly in the corner of her room, watching her write, constantly hurting her with tendril fingers, absorbing ever more of her physical life. Constantly reminding her: what part of her is perishable, what part of her is not.
:
Flannery’s Journal entry for August 5th , 1961 read as follows:

I know how to write now, damn it. I know how to write well. I know how to paint. I know that a good story is literal in the same way that a child's drawing is literal. When a child draws, he doesn't intend to distort but to set down exactly what he sees, and as his gaze is direct, he sees the lines that create motion. The lines of motion that interest the writer are usually invisible. They are lines of spiritual motion. That is what I put down. And I know how to do that well. How come I am not read then?
I have also learnt that as a writer I must first, last, and always, remain a true observer, so that I, like Socrates, can hold up a true mirror for the people, where they can see their true selves. Isn’t that my mission, our mission. Why then can I not reach them? Why am I hardly read?
Of course I’m not very refined. I see only what is outside and what sticks out a mile, such things as the sun that nobody has to uncover or be bright to see. I used to worry over not being subtle, but subtle will not work for these people. However, it seems that neither will being blunt. Why am I not reaching these people?
I’ve sold thousands of books, but thousands will not do it. I need to sell millions. Many millions. And I’m not.
I had better compile what I have learned about this craft of writing for Heather and Gabriel. It is going to be up to them. Actually, at this rate, it is going to be up to Gabriel. I think Heather may be lost.
Yes, Heather, dear Heather. Where are you now?
:
At that time Heather, not yet eleven years old, had only one mission in life: to help her mother. Actually, it was more than that. Her real mission, which she would not, could not, articulate, not even to herself, was to help her mother stay alive. But in her mind she had abbreviated this to simply: help her mother.
Having Frank around the house constantly was a continual torment. From his first demand for coffee and toast in the morning, to his last demand for another whiskey at night, the day was a barrage of orders, requests, barbs, directives, suggestions, sarcastic observations, and, if anything he said was not acted upon, or laughed at appropriately, or acknowledged with due respect quickly enough for his liking, beatings to go along with them.
Heather kept away from beatings by moving faster, pleasing harder, smiling more than anyone else in the house. All the while she sank deeper and deeper into the anesthetizing fog of Netoniel’s blanket.
And so she no longer had any idea of who she was, why she had come, or that she had picked the entirely wrong family for her mission.
:
“To stick out,” said Flannery, “to attract attention, I will become a Catholic writer. There are not many of them, especially not in the American South.”
“How will that help?” asked Gabriel.
“I will become as visible as a pig on a sofa,” answered Flannery. “We have to be noticed to create an audience, a readership.”
“Why not be noticed for excellent writing and many books?”
“There are too many writers already who are both excellent and who have written many books. Each of us needs an edge.”
“And you’re sure that’s going to do it?”
“What?”
“A Southern Catholic writer?”
“As I said, I’ll stick out.”
“I’ll say.”
“What?”
Gabriel didn’t rise to that bait, instead he asked, “What’s mine?”
“Edge?”
“Yes.”
“You should be born in a non English-speaking country. Sweden, or some such place,” answered Flannery. “Very few foreign born writers have achieved prominence in English. Each one of them was certainly noticed.”
“Whom?”
“Nabokov,” for example,” said Flannery. “Or will be,” she added. “He is Russian. And there is Joseph Conrad.”
“Konrad Korzeniowski,” said Gabriel.
“You know him?” asked Flannery.
“I’ve heard of him, yes,” said Gabriel. “Only just recently departed, as a matter of fact.”
“My task,” began Heather, off on one of her quotes again, “which I am trying to achieve is, by the power of the written word, to make you hear, to make you feel—it is, before all, to make you see. That—and no more, and it is everything. If I succeed, you shall find there, according to your deserts, encouragement, consolation, fear, charm, all you demand—and, perhaps, also that glimpse of truth for which you have forgotten to ask.”
This time, however, Gabriel did complete it: “To snatch, in a moment of courage, from the remorseless rush of time a passing phase of life, is only the beginning of the task. The task approached in tenderness and faith is to hold up unquestioningly, without choice and without fear, the rescued fragment before all eyes in the light of a sincere mood. It is to show its vibration, its color, its form; and through its movement, its form, and its color, reveal the substance of its truth—disclose its inspiring secret: the stress and passion within the core of each convincing moment.”
He paused for breath, and continued: “In a single-minded attempt of that kind, if one be deserving and fortunate, one may perchance attain to such clearness of sincerity that at last the presented vision of regret or pity, of terror or mirth, shall awaken in the hearts of the beholders that feeling of unavoidable solidarity; of the solidarity in mysterious origin, in toil, in joy, in hope, in uncertain fate, which binds men to each other and all mankind to the visible world.”
“Impressive,” said Flannery.
“So you’ve read him too,” said Heather. Not a question.
“I have,” said Gabriel.
Flannery and Heather exchanged glances.
“Well,” said Flannery. “Wonders never cease.”
“What? Why shouldn’t I have read him?” said Gabriel.
“It’s surprising, that’s all,” said Flannery.
“Why?”
“I would have thought you’d find him rather dry,” she said.
“I don’t know about that,” said Gabriel.
“He was a great craftsman,” said Heather.
“That he was,” said Flannery.
“And Polish, to boot,” said Gabriel.
Heather nodded.
Then Flannery saw it fit to add her contribution of Conrad. She took a deep breath, looked past Gabriel and out through the small window at the hills beyond, and spoke slowly: “The good artist should expect no recognition of his toil and no admiration of his genius, because his toil can with difficulty be appraised and his genius cannot possibly mean anything to the illiterate who, even from the dreadful wisdom of their evoked dead, have, so far, culled nothing but inanities and platitudes. I would wish him to enlarge his sympathies by patient and loving observation while he grows in mental power. It is in the impartial practice of life, if anywhere, that the promise of perfection for his art can be found, rather than in the absurd formulas trying to prescribe this or that particular method of technique or conception. Let him mature the strength of his imagination amongst the things of this earth, which it is his business to cherish and know, and refrain from calling down his inspiration ready-made from some heaven of perfections of which he knows nothing. And I would not grudge him the proud illusion that will come sometimes to a writer: the illusion that his achievement has almost equaled the greatness of his dream.” 
“We should form a Conrad fan club,” said Gabriel. Then, when neither of his sisters answered, “And you think Swedish will do it?”
“Yes,” said Flannery.
“So I will be noticed.”
“That’s one thing.”
“And the other?”
“When you learn a language other than your native one, you have to learn it consciously, you have to fight to possess it. It makes for a better understanding, usually. And you have to understand English better than anyone alive if you are to succeed.”
“So why not all of us, then?”
“In Sweden?”
“For example.”
Flannery considered for a while. “We can’t take that risk.”
“What risk?”
“The risk that you will not wake up fully and so never learn English.”
“If I’m awake enough to write, I should be awake enough to remember which language to write in.”
“Should, yes, but there’s Netoniel’s blanket, don’t forget, and it can alter things.”
“So,” said Gabriel, “if we all were, say, in Sweden, and none learned English, well, yes, I see what you mean.” After a brief moment he added, “And it’s crucial that we write in English?”
“Yes, absolutely. Most of the world that truly matters will know and read English by the time you are published.”
“What if we’re translated?”
“Something is always lost in the translation,” said Flannery. She stressed the word always.
The bear picked this moment to turn over again, noisily.
“Who else?” Gabriel asked into the spell of silence which followed.
“Who else, what?” asked Heather.
“Who else wrote in English as their second language. And caught attention.”
“Isak Dinesen,” said Heather.
“Anaïs Nin,” said Flannery.
They both looked for others.
“That’s only two,” said Gabriel. “Nabokov and Conrad makes four. Are you sure this is a good idea?”
“I am,” said Flannery.
“How can you be so sure?”
“They all made the world sit up and take notice,” said Heather.
“And that is what you must do,” said Flannery.
“Well, there’s Ayn Rand,” said Gabriel suddenly, happy to have added to the list. “She’s doing it.”
“So she is,” said Flannery.
“Didn’t Borges?” said Gabriel, who wouldn’t let it go.
“I don’t think so,” said Heather.
:
On the 16th of September, 1961, Flannery wrote the following letter to Fiona:

I am wondering if Beckett on Proust arrived. I’m sure I sent it, a couple of days, I think, after the Critique.
Next weekend will be peachy and we will meet you at the rural mailbox and reserve you a seat Sunday amongst the nail kegs.
Shot has been restored to us and our troubles have begun. He can’t do anything yet and so he sits and decides what he is going to do with the wealth he has accumulated from his accident. This is a very demoralizing situation. A wealthy sitting Negro.
I am going to keep the swans in the back yard until they produce offspring. Then I am going to retire the parents to the pond and bring the young ones up myself. They seem very content to sit on the grass and show no disposition to walk anywhere. We may dig a pool in the back yard, but I don’t know. They snort and hiss but are really quite timid.
I would like to see that D.S. Savage book. Don’t bother to mail it, just bring it when you come. The thing I am writing now is surely going to convince Jack that I am of the Devil’s party. It is out of hand right now but I am hoping I can bring it into line. It is a composite of all the eccentricities of my writing and for this reason may not be any good, maybe almost a parody. But what you start, you ought to carry through and if it is no good, I don’t have to publish it. I am thinking of changing the title to “The Lame Will Carry Off the Prey.” Anyway that analysis of yours about why Jack argues the way he does sounds pretty right to me. Entirely subjective. He says the artist leaves the herd and so becomes “evil.” But whose eyes is he using here? The eyes of the herd. Abraham left the herd and did not become evil. Nuts.
Are we going to be seeing Benton and Anna Magnani or what? We haven’t heard from him, but I can’t imagine him making anything but a triumphal tour of his journey to Mobile.
Also, please bring any news you can find about Heather. I really worry about that girl.
:
Fiona was sitting with Flannery in her bedroom cum study telling her about life in Ridgefield, about people they both knew, about writing, about publishing, and then, as if they both had been avoiding the subject up till then, Flannery asked about Heather.
Fiona, too tall to fit comfortably in any of Flannery’s chairs, began to play with her long, dark hair, twisting the end of it around and around her finger until her finger nearly reached the scalp, then she let the long strands fall and began again. While she answered: “I have made a point of walking by their house now and then,” she began.
Flannery eyed her with a concerned frown. “And?”
“And, I have seen her several times. Going to, or coming from the store, loaded down with groceries.”
Flannery, sensing that Fiona was getting to whatever news she meant to convey, said nothing.
“She’s wearing bruises almost constantly. Some on her face. Mostly though on her arms and legs.”
“He beats her?”
“It’s the only conclusion I can draw.”
“How does she look? Sad?”
“Absent,” answered Fiona.
“Absent?”
“Yes, that’s the best description.”
“Absent,” said Flannery again, this time only to herself. And then she wished the bear would let her cry.
:
“And me,” said Heather. “Where?”
“Oh, I think the United States, but about five years after Gabriel,” answered Flannery.
“Not foreign then? German, perhaps?”
“Or South American,” suggested Gabriel.
“No, not German. The Germans are not well liked at the moment. And as for South America, those countries always seem in a flux, too risky by far, I think.”
“Where then, where in America?” Heather wanted to know.
“I will call for you.”
Heather accepted that. The bear sat up and looked around, as if the valley and surrounding hills were unfamiliar features to him. Flannery took it to mean that their conference was drawing to a close.
So they finalized their plans, and finished their tea. Heather, ever the tidy one, insisted on doing the dishes and a little sweeping before they left. Gabriel and Flannery humored her by keeping out of the way. Once Heather was done, they left the cottage.
The bear, upright now, stood by the door and waved morosely as they made their way through the tall grass, as if he would never see them again. They turned and waved back.
He would, he decided, follow her as soon as they were out of sight.
:
By the spring of 1962 Gabriel was at the head of his class. By some margin.
Well, even that is an understatement. By then he had mastered every point of craft his teachers could muster and impart and was more or less considered a genius both by the faculty and his fellow classmates.
He had completed a three-year curriculum in less than six months and now, in order to advance from there, he was going through the Swedish masters to absorb as much from them as he could. His only regret, and a faint one at that, in delving into writing as a craft was that it had to some extent ruined his reading for pleasure. Now he was always reading with an eye to effect, how was it achieved, with an eye to craft and technique, to seeing how the plot developed, to seeing how the characters were grown and drawn, to understanding the story’s structure, to see what worked. In a word: to learn.
And learn he did.
It would appear, too, that he never slept, or ate, hardly. He lost weight, but didn’t notice. He was possessed with the need to know, with the need to understand how to touch the souls of others. And he pressed on. Another book, another midnight oil. And then another.
:
Heather broke her leg that spring of 1962. Or, rather, Frank broke it for her. This gave her some time away from the house, in the hospital. Lying on her back with her casted leg hoisted up at a forty-five degree angle, there was nothing much to do but read, had she felt like it, or think, had she been able to. She managed neither. All she did instead was worry.
About her mother, about her siblings, about Frank and about what he was doing to them now. About the house and how she wasn’t there to clean it, about the bruises and cuts and scrapes they all carried as evidence of a hell she didn’t even perceive as odd anymore. It had evened out to what life was: a stretch of endurance through beatings and toil. She could conceive of nothing else, and she wanted nothing more than to go home and help her mother endure it, too.
:
School was out early June, but even so, Gabriel decided not to go home. He would rather stay on in Stockholm for the summer, he said.
“But your dad and I want to see you,” urged his mother over the phone. “To see how you’re doing. We’ll pay for the train.”
“Dad just wants to see if I’ve ‘come to my senses’ yet,” said Gabriel.
His mother’s silence confirmed his guess.
“I have so much I still want to study,” he said. “There is so much to know about writing, you can’t even begin to imagine.”
“Are you eating enough?” asked his mom.
“I’m fine, Mom.”
“Have a girlfriend yet?”
“Who’s got time for those?”
“Just wondering.”
“No, Mom. It’s just me and the books.”
“They seem to think you’re quite something.”
“Who said?”
“Adolf Larson.”
“Yes, he likes me. When did you speak to him?”
“He thinks you’ll really go places. Are you sure you don’t want to spend the summer here at home?”
Home. Suddenly, as if he had never defined the word: it was a stranger to him. Home. He tasted it, then said something he immediately wished he could have taken back.
“This is home now, Mom.”
She didn’t answer and Gabriel knew he had done damage.
“This is my life now, Mom, and home is where your life is.”
He would never forget her reply, for he realized that she did in fact understand. That, unlike his father, she knew him.
“Then,” she said, “you will always be home.”
“Yes,” he answered. “Yes, you are right.”
He was sure she would cry a little once they hung up, but not much. His mother was not given to tears.
He said goodbye and hung up, and then collected what he’d need for his day at the library.
One of his teachers, Soren Wallengard, a tall and prematurely balding man of Danish decent, was staying on in town that summer as well, and when expressing surprise at running into Gabriel at the library that morning, he learned that Gabriel was staying on too. Perhaps on a whim, or perhaps wanting to do what he could to help his brilliant student, he invited Gabriel to come and stay with him and his wife Ann-Marie at least until school started again in the fall, to be on hand with any assistance he could give, he explained. They had plenty of room, he added.
Gabriel gladly accepted, not the least, were he to be absolutely honest with himself, because of their lovely daughter, Barbro. If his teacher had noticed the attraction, he didn’t say.
What he did say, however, at dinner that night, was that Gabriel, if he continued to devote himself to the craft, would become a giant of Swedish letters. And he made sure his daughter heard.
:
On September 8th, 1962, Flannery wrote this letter to Fiona:

I think that’s great about going to New York if that’s what I make out in the letter. I stayed there once very cheaply at the Y on 38th Street or 37th maybe off Lexington Avenue. Fourteen years ago that was and it was $2 a day and you could get your breakfast in the building. There was then a very good co-op cafeteria on 41st Street between Madison and Park. The only place in New York that I could afford to eat downtown where I didn’t feel I was going home with pyoria.
We called Benton on the phone when we got the news. He was at the hospital and sounded properly flustered. He told us Jenny was fine and then started right away telling us about his teeth, which it seems had been removed the week before and he had just got out of bed for the event. Not all his teeth removed, that is, just some embedded wisdom teeth. I hope you see him in New York.
On the basis of the fact that you use ten fingers to work a typewriter and only three to push a pen, I hold the typewriter to be the more personal instrument. Also on the basis of that you can read what comes off it.
When will you be back from New York? I am planning to visit Ridgefield sometime soon, before it gets too cold up there. I must see Heather.
Can I stay at your house?
:
His summer raced by in a blur of darkless nights, Swedish classics, and glimpses of Barbro.
Some mornings he’d see her at breakfast, some evenings at dinner, occasionally on the stairs, and always, it seemed, going in the opposite direction. And always with a smile and an air of curiosity about her.
Glimpses. Glimpses and whiffs. God, that girl smelled like a, like a what? A flower. A field of flowers. Oh, come on Gabriel, you can do better than that. Like a memory of a field of flowers? Ah, that’s better. That’s what she smells like. Sweeping by, trailing memories of distant flowers. Was it her hair or a perfume she wore? A soap she used? He couldn’t tell.
But delightful though they were, these glimpses were not strong enough to knock him off course, just strong enough to linger, sometimes for hours. He didn’t think he was falling in love, or anything, he was just fascinated by her. For a moment, on his way to the books.
She was a tall girl, taller than Gabriel by nearly an inch. She had her mother’s blond hair, which she wore long, and she was as graceful as, well, he could never find the right word, but she was as graceful as the most graceful thing he’d ever seen which was a roebuck who cleared a four-foot hedge to his right from a standstill in one almost impossibly slow movement which more than anything had reminded him of a liquid arching the green bush before it vanished down the hill. That’s how graceful she was, ascending or descending those stairs to the apartment. Whisking by in the hallway. No, it wasn’t falling in love or anything, it was just appreciating perfection, that’s all.
Then came fall. School was starting up again, and Soren Wallengard asked Gabriel if he would like to stay on in his home for the new school year, they would be very happy to have him. Gabriel gladly accepted. Ann-Marie was an outstanding cook. In fact, he had gained some of his weight back again. Soren’s private library was a trove of fine writers, both Swedish and foreign, and he had the run of it. Also, Soren was never too busy to answer any of Gabriel’s questions, and was always delighted to do so.
And then there was the slender apparition floating about that he wasn’t quite in love with, but loved to admire. So it was settled, Gabriel terminated his boarding house rental and settled in long term.
Still on course. 
Until, despite her father’s admonitions, which had grown not infrequent and less than subtle, Barbro Wallengard almost ended Gabriel’s writing career on the 15th of September, 1962. It was a Saturday.
For Gabriel had never been kissed. Well, not never, but not really. There had been pecks on cheeks, of course, and some brushing of lips against lips. And the occasional collision of teeth. But never the melting of tongues, and that was the gate that Barbro opened for him that evening, and Gabriel would not ever be quite the same, much to the dismay of Soren Wallengard, who felt not a little responsible for the turn of events.
It happened at a party. Schools all around town were back in business as of two weeks before, and this was to celebrate the re-union of mates and friends, many of whom had just returned to the city from a long, relaxing summer at country residences. It took place in a very large Stockholm apartment, in one of those old five-story houses on Strandvagen in Ostermalm where each floor was a single residence. You could literally get lost in one of them.
Which is what he did, Gabriel, got lost in one of them. He was looking for a bathroom and opened one of many doors he hoped would lead to one. Instead it lead into a small bedroom facing Nybroviken’s water, and by a small desk by the window sat Barbro, staring out into the fall evening.
There were a few barges on the water below, still moving, but you could tell, settling for the night with their loads of firewood or sand. Barbro turned around at his intrusion, and he could see that she had been crying, or at least he imagined that she had, her eyes had that bruised look to them which he assumed came from sadness.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I didn’t know you were here.”
“It’s all right,” she said, and turned back to face the window and the water below.
He looked out as well, and his eyes followed a small, white ferry boat docking to let its late load of passengers from the outlying islands disembark. Neither said anything for nearly a minute.
“If you want me to leave,” he began.
“No, no, it’s fine,” she said, but didn’t turn around to face him.
A lady, a small child on one arm and steering a pram with the other, had trouble getting the rather old-fashioned pram onto the gangway and several of her fellow passengers rushed to help her. She smiled and from what Gabriel could make out, thanked her rescuers ever so much.
“Dad says there’s no way I’m to start anything with you,” she said suddenly to the window, or to the night outside, but not to him.
Halfway down the gangway now the lady with the child was still in trouble with the reluctant pram whose wheels refused to climb the narrow planking that crossed the gangway every foot or so—to provide good footing, he assumed—and soon another passenger came to her aid. She thanked him ever so much as well. Then Barbro’s words reached him, as if reflected from the water below.
“But we haven’t,” he said. “We haven’t, I mean, I haven’t even thought . . .” which was a lie of course.
“I have,” she said, and finally turned around to face him. “Many times.”
Her eyes were very blue even in the dimming light and her face almost almond shaped. Her hair was finely combed and a light blue hair band kept it neatly out of the way. It reflected the fading light as a ribbon of sheen down her left side and onto her shoulder.
“I have too,” he hear himself begin.
Then she stood up. All of her, sculptured by her yellow angora sweater, with long arms already reaching. She took one step towards him and his heart took over. He took one step towards her and next their lips joined oh so gingerly. Their tongues embraced too and melted, and Gabriel was hard pressed to intelligently string more than two words together for most of the fall semester.
:
On her way to visit Fiona McCullough in Ridgefield, Connecticut, Flannery spent two days in New York City. On the second day, browsing used book stores and antique dealers, she came upon the original of a letter written by Joseph Conrad on October 28, 1895, to his friend and disciple Edward Noble.
It was displayed in a well-dusted glass case, placed on a black background much like you display fine jewelry. It looked very expensive and she would not have given it a second glance, except that in that one glance she did give it, she recognized the hand.
She stepped closer and, almost putting her nose up against the glass, but not quite, for fear of leaving a smudge, she read:

17, Gillingham Street, S.W. London
28 Oct. ‘95

My Dear Noble,

I received your discouraged letter this morning and can assure you I felt very sorry for your disappointment ending the long-drawn hope.
You have any amount of stuff in you, but you (I think) have not found your way yet. Remember that death is not the most pathetic,—the most poignant thing,—and you must treat events only as illustrative of human sensation,—as the outward sign of inward feelings,—of live feelings,—which alone are truly pathetic and interesting. You have much imagination: much more than I ever will have if I live to be a hundred years old. That much is clear to me. Well, that imagination (I wish I had it) should be used to create human souls: to disclose human hearts,—and not to create events that are properly speaking accidents only. To accomplish it you must cultivate your poetic faculty,—you must give yourself every sensation, every thought, every image,—mercilessly, without reserve and without remorse: you must search the darkest corners of your heart, the most remote recesses of your brain,—you must search them for the image, for the glamour, for the right expression. And you must do it sincerely, at any cost: you must do it so that at the end of your day’s work you should feel exhausted, emptied of every sensation and every thought, with a blank mind and an aching heart, with the notion that there is nothing,—nothing left in you. To me it seems that it is the only way to achieve true distinction—even to go some way towards it.
It took me 3 years to finish the Folly. There was not a day I did not think of it. Not a day. And after all I consider it honestly a miserable failure. Every critic (but two or three) overrated the book. It took me a year to tear the Outcast out of myself and upon my word of honour,—I look on it (now it’s finished) with bitter disappointment. Judge from that whether my opinion is worth having. I may be on the wrong track altogether. I say what I think and from a sincere desire to see you succeed,—but I may be hopelessly astray in my opinions.

The letter came with its original envelope—displayed beside it—address to Edward Noble. The envelope carried a stamp that strangely had not been cancelled. Either the letter, once stamped, was delivered by hand or it was never sent. She asked the dealer which was it. He told her that he did not know.
How much exactly, she wanted to know. He told her, and it was far too much. Would he consider less? No. Ten dollars less? No.
Flannery sighed, and then bought possibly the most expensive thing she had ever bought, or would ever buy. The dealer, a man with dirty hair and a ridiculous mustache, gently opened the glass case and took out the letter and envelope. He carefully—almost lovingly, she noticed—folded the letter along its well established creases, and placed it in its envelope. This he was about to hand to her when she asked him to place it in a larger envelop for protection. This he did, although the dealer’s assistant had to run next door to buy one from a stationary store. She wrote him a check and he gave her the letter.
With the letter safely lodged in her handbag, she thanked first him, and then his assistant for their troubles, wished them both a good day, turned, left the store, and stepped out into the crisp New York October.
She set out down the sidewalk a little lightheaded, she had spent a very large amount of money, but wondered again if this Edward Noble—of whom she had never heard—had in fact received the letter and whether Conrad’s advice had struck home. She hoped so.
And she hoped too, that Heather would recognize Gabriel’s handwriting. Why had he not told her?
She suddenly felt desperately tired. The bear, following at a safe distance, and looking nothing like a bear in a light brown overcoat and three-piece suit, saw to that.
:
Soren Wallengard felt like he had killed the artist within. He might as well have shot Gabriel, he thought, much quicker and less painful to watch.
His daughter was, as he thought of it in some of his darker moments, leading his protégé around by his, well, dick. He had never seen such puppyish devotion to anyone displayed quite so patently by anyone, and, as he mused, he had seen a few—his own courtship of Ann-Marie included, during which, he had to admit with a smile, he had been nowhere near planet Earth.
Well, in principle, of course, there was nothing wrong with love and all that, and this spectacle would have been fine with him, had the boy’s genius not at the same time sprouted wings and taken vanishingly to the air. The only thing Gabriel seemed capable of writing nowadays were what he suspected to be sappy—his daughter, naturally, refused to show him any of them—love poems for Barbro.
Gabriel was not attentive in class, if indeed he showed up, and his progress as a writer had simply come to a halt. No more intense research, no more late nights at the school library or among the many books in his apartment. Instead he was now given to long walks, often with his daughter, and to grinning a lot.
And naturally, he, Soren Wallengard, was seen as a culprit throughout pretty much the entire faculty. Inviting him to stay with you? What were you thinking of Soren? You know what we have, or had, here? Barbro’s invitation more likely, no? It was hard to take, but nowhere near as hard as seeing Gabriel go to waste in such a ludicrously happy fashion.
Although, as a father, he could not deny that his daughter was happy, too. His normally moody little girl, or not so little anymore, was happier than he had ever seen her. That went a long way to muddy the conflicting waters within.
He decided to speak to Gabriel. Then he put it off, he was no good at these things. He would have Ann-Marie speak to him. Talk some sense into him. Then he decided that it was up to him to do it. Then he put it off again.
:
Fiona met her at the station. Even though she knew about Flannery’s illness, and although she had seen her not so long ago, she nevertheless drew a quick breath of surprise at how frail she looked, barely able to climb down the railroad car steps on her own. A tall man in a brown coat and a three-piece suit was helping her with her luggage.
Fiona rushed over to help, and Flannery noticed her concern.
“Oh, don’t fuss,” she said with a weak smile. “I’m just fine.”
“Don’t fool yourself, you’re not fine,” said Fiona.
“I’m not fooling anyone,” said Flannery.
The tall man in the brown coat handed Fiona the luggage, one suitcase and a satchel for her overnight things. Flannery nodded a thank you to the man, who touched his hat and bowed courteously in return. They seemed to know each other, but neither said a word. Fiona watched his large back move away from them towards the station house.
“Who was that?” she asked.
“Oh, just someone I ran into on the train. I believe they call them gentlemen. I thought they were extinct.”
“Big fella,” observed Fiona.
“A bear of a man,” said Flannery.
Fiona had a car and put Flannery’s luggage in the trunk. Then she helped Flannery into the passenger front seat. Flannery did not seem to resent the help, but rather clung to Fiona’s arm as she lowered herself into the car seat.
Fiona said nothing, then closed the car door gently on Flannery.
“Drive by their house, please,” said Flannery once they were underway.
Fiona didn’t understand at first and her look at Flannery said as much.
“Heather,” said Flannery.
“Of course,” said Fiona.
Flannery slipped her hand inside her handbag to make sure that the envelope was still there. It was.
The house came into view.
“You want me to stop?” asked Fiona.
“No, just drive by, slowly.”
The house was a two-story tract home covered with grayish brown clapboard. It was unattractive, with a small front yard gone to waste apart from two rose bushes, a few pink roses still blooming. Flannery saw people move about inside as they drove by, but she could not make out whether any of them was Heather. Then they were past it.
“Do you want me to drive by again?” asked Fiona.
“No,” said Flannery.
Fiona drove directly to her apartment about twenty minutes away.
:
The big man in the brown overcoat was nowhere to be seen.
:
It was a bleak January afternoon in 1901, and Joseph Conrad finally put his pen down on his desk to rub his head. This left a small dark stain on his right temple from an inky finger. His head ached, and he felt depleted. It had not been a productive day. Or at least didn’t feel like one. Perhaps not even a thousand words. But even so, it was done. He had finished it. Well, the first draft anyway.
Picking up the pen again, hand poised over the page, ready to strike, he re-read the final sentence: The offing was barred by a black bank of clouds, and the tranquil waterway leading to the uttermost ends of the earth flowed sombre under an overcast sky—seemed to lead into the heart of an immense darkness.
It was good. Good and true. And paralyzing.
There was a name, the name of a dark angel he could not capture. And there were memories. Memories masquerading as images. Images he had no business possessing. Of green valleys he knew he had never visited. Of tall grasses that knew how to caress or yield out of the way by his mood. Of two sisters, one called Flannery and one called Heather that he had never met. Of a dark brother angel he felt deserved to be hated, but whose name would not come.
None of these images made it onto his pages, still, what pages he did manage to write all sprung from them, this he knew. But when he tried harder still to remember, first his temples, then his forehead protested in pain and he could think no further about it. Though the smell of grass and crisp valley air would not leave him.
He put the pen down again and allowed himself to feel a small satisfaction.
He had finished the first draft of Heart of Darkness, and he knew that he had succeeded in capturing at least a portion of his dream. He knew that. But he did not know where this grass grew, or why he could smell it so loudly.
:
Fiona, sleuthing, had established that Heather normally went to the grocery store three times a week: Tuesdays and Thursdays in the early afternoon, and Saturdays between ten and eleven in the morning. They had waited outside in Fiona’s car from noon Tuesday until nearly dinner, but no Heather. They came back Wednesday, thinking she may just have slipped a day, but still no Heather. It was not until late afternoon Thursday that she appeared, two large, empty shopping bags under her arm. Flannery stepped out of the car, with an effort, while Fiona remained behind the wheel.
“Heather?”
Heather, nearly twelve now, stopped short and looked up, as if out of a dream. Her eyes were bruised. From tears or from recent fists, Flannery could not tell.
“Yes?” It was as much a question as an acknowledgement.
“Heather?” Flannery asked again. “Is that really you?”
A touch of fear entered her gaze as she looked a little closer at Flannery, not much taller than Heather, weighed down as she was with fatigue and pain, and an unforgiving purpose.
“Who wants to know?” she said, mimicking her father’s abruptness.
“It’s me,” she said. “Flannery.”
“I don’t know any Flannery,” Heather replied.
“You don’t remember?” said Flannery. It was mostly a statement.
“Remember what?”
“Our plan?”
“You crazy?”
“Our plan, Heather. Yours, mine, and Gabriel’s.”
“I don’t know any Gabriel.”
“Listen,” said Flannery. “Trust me, you do.”
“You crazy?” she asked again.
“No, not at all,” she said. “Listen,” she said again, as she opened her handbag and fumbled around for the letter. “Here, you’ll recognize his handwriting.”
She found the letter and handed it to Heather.
Heather didn’t take it.
“Here, look at it.”
“Listen, lady, I don’t know what you want with me.” Then she brightened up as if she had just come upon what the lady did in fact want with her. “If it’s got to do with school,” she said. “Tell Mrs. Forrester that I will be back on Monday, for sure. I’ve been ill.”
“Heather, please. I’m not from your school. I’m Flannery, your sister.”
Heather looked at her, perhaps with fresh eyes, or perhaps that was only Flannery’s hope playing a trick.
“Here, please, take it.”
With each word she was pleading for Heather to recognize her. “This letter was written by Gabriel, your brother, you’ll recognize his hand.”
Heather looked around her now, as if for help. A father ushered his little boy past them as if they were an unpleasantness not to get involved in or to take too close a notice of. The boy turned around and looked at Heather, not curiously, more like the way you watch someone bleed. He was chewing on a piece of candy almost as large as his mouth and he was drooling a little. Others entered the store from the parking lot without paying them any mind.
Flannery held out the envelope for Heather to take.
“Please,” said Flannery. “Look at it.”
Heather finally took the envelope.
“Open it,” said Flannery.
She did. And then the smaller envelope inside. Unfolded the letter. She looked at it for a good while. Flannery could not make out if she was reading it or not. Then she threw the letter on the ground, and looked up at Flannery, terrified.
“Get away from me, stupid woman,” she cried. “You stay away from me.”
“Heather, please.”
“Stay away from me,” she cried again, “or I’ll call the police.”
“Please.”
Heather turned from her and ran into the store.
Fiona got out of the car and hurried over to Flannery to help her collect the letter and the two envelopes which the wind now threatened to carry away.
They didn’t speak on the way back to Fiona’s apartment.
:
Flannery returned to Milledgeville in late October of 1962. Her illness was getting worse and for the next few months she could make it out of bed on her own only with difficulty, and once up she only had the strength to sit by her typewriter for an hour at the most.
The outline of a large man in a brown overcoat could be seen in the corner of her bedroom—or was it a bear?—but only by Flannery and only in a certain light. It was this phantom of a man, or bear, however, that one day in April of 1963 whispered Gabriel’s address into her ear, so that she could write him.

Milledgeville April 11, 1963
Dear Gabriel,

I trust this letter finds you awake, and able to read English.
I have bad news, I’m afraid. We have lost Heather. I went to see her last fall and she did not recognize me at all. I mentioned your name to her, and she did not recognize that either. She arrived in December of 1950 so she was not yet twelve years old when I spoke with her.
I have since tried to write her, but my letters are returned unopened. From that, and from what a friend of mine who lives in the same town as Heather writes me, I can only conclude that the blanket has gotten the better of her. Just as with Charles.
I know this is not good news, but I felt I had to tell you.
And you, Gabriel, how are you holding up? I sense, when I look in your direction, that you’re having a spot of trouble with the girl and sex thing. Remember, please, that it is not real—we have no such thing in our valleys, remember?—it’s some sort of invention, this snake that invades the sweet understanding between a boy and a girl and swells it and turns it sticky. Once you’re caught in that net, really caught, it’s darn near impossible to wiggle free. It can grab you and drown you as well as any other part of this damn blanket. Please remember, Gabriel; and stay alert. And Netoniel’s blanket, by the way, now reaches all the way to the ground. I have seen it. I see it every day.
The bear, fool that he is, as I may have mentioned on more than one occasion, is here with me, making damn sure I don’t forget, or fall asleep. I don’t like his tactics though. Admittedly, they are very effective, and, as usual, very straightforward: he is basically killing this body I sport, forcing me to fight like hell to stay alive, which, apparently, and incidentally, also keeps me awake. So there is method to his madness. There always was. However, it’s painful and tiresome, and I don’t know how much longer I can stand it.
I have written quite a few stories and a couple of novels. They’ve been very well received and not a few people have read and are reading them. But, Gabriel, not nearly enough. I underestimated both the difficulties and the size of the population. I’m not even making a dent, not even a dent. I’m afraid that it’s going to be up to you now.
I take it you’re still at school in Stockholm, and that you’re on track in your literary studies. It’s soon time, though, for you to begin your English studies for real. Remember, this is the language you will have to write in, long term. If you are to succeed.
I am taking pretty good notes on the craft, of what I have found to work the best. I will summarize them before I leave, I promise, and get them to you, somehow.
My guess is that I will hang on for another year, two at the most. The bear is pretty brutal and his tendril fingers keep hurting me, but, as I said, if that is what it takes to keep me awake, well, then the old thing is doing a fine job.
No need to write back, Gabriel, just remember what you’re about. Who you are. Remember our valley, remember our meeting at my cottage, and  get going on your English as soon as possible.
Good luck to you, my brother.

Flannery

P.S. Why didn’t you tell us about Conrad?
:
Heather’s mother died that morning—April 11, 1963—from injuries she had sustained two weeks earlier when she, with Frank’s help, fell down the basement stairs and fractured the back of her skull and portions of her upper spine.
She drew her last breath—smiling, knowing she had managed to escape her husband at last—at the same time Flannery put her tongue to the envelope holding her letter to Gabriel. She moistened the flap and pressed it sealed. Checked the address again, and wondered, not for the last time if this was enough postage. She would ask Regina to check with the postman before she gave it to him.
Then she tasted the air with her imagination and knew that Heather was now motherless.
:
There was enough postage, Regina had made sure of that, very sure; had in fact made the postman swear to her, by St. Mary and everything that was holy to him, that there was enough postage on the envelope to make it all the way to Sweden. After some back and forth—including a brief dissertation on the U.S. Postal Service’s position vis-à-vis saints, and Regina’s retort that that was neither here nor there—he did swear in the end and the letter arrived in one piece ten days later, care of Soren Wallengard, Tegnergatan 16, 4th Floor, Stockholm, Sweden. Gabriel found it on his writing desk when he returned from the Academy that afternoon, placed there, as was all his mail, by the Wallengard maid, an old silent, sinewy woman which Barbro had told him was at least half Saami (“They know witchcraft, you know.”).
Gabriel picked it up and looked it over before opening it. Didn’t weigh much. Three American stamps, one covering the last three letters of his name, as if it had been placed there by a hurried afterthought.
He had never had a letter from America before. The envelope was thin and flimsy and was edged by short, alternating blue and red stripes. It had a postmark that read “Milledgeville, GA.” GA, he discovered, was an abbreviation for Georgia, one of their Southern states. He even looked it up in an atlas later, to see exactly where it was.
He found his letter knife and cut open the envelope. It was written on equally flimsy paper. Like bible paper, he thought. In English.
He recognized his name, “Dear Gabriel” it said. But that was about as far as he got with any certainty. His English was simply too poor. He put the two sheets down on his desk and looked out the window at the budding trees. He stood up to open the window, just a crack. It was still chilly outside, but the air was fresh and sweet with spring. He looked down at the letter again. Barbro would have to help him. She was good at English.
Then he picked it up again, and looked at the bottom of the second sheet to see who had signed it. “Flannery,” it said. Flannery? Who was Flannery?
And, where was Barbro? She should have been home by now.
:
The old bear knew that she was fading. That she was falling asleep under—or within, by now—the thick, suffocating blanket. It was starting to bother him as well, but he certainly did not have the luxury to give in to it. Flannery, however, found it very hard to breathe, hard to hold on to herself. He noticed her slipping into the comforting sheath of habit, and at times she now forgot who she was. He could tell by the pictures that surrounded her. There would always, always be a glimpse of the fields, the grass, of himself waving goodbye by the door, but not now, not now that she was slipping. The memory vanquished by mist.
Though it pained him to do so—for he knew it hurt her terribly—he again extended tendril fingers across the room and into her body. There they found her kidneys and liver and her many other glands and again he poisoned them with the will to die. Flannery, stung awake by the pain, again, and again, and again, had to make the decision to live, to go on no matter what, and in that effort the pictures of their valley returned, and she, as Flannery, one of three children that set out to save the world, returned as well.
He didn’t know how much longer, though, he could keep her from falling.
:
“Barbro, look what I got.”
She opened the door all the way and stepped inside. She smelled fresh all the way across the room.
“What is it?”
“A letter from America.”
He held it out for her to take.
“I didn’t know you knew anyone there.”
“Neither did I.”
She took the envelope from him and examined it. “Georgia? That’s where Atlanta is,” she said.
“Yes.”
She took out the two sheets and unfolded them. “And now I guess you want me to translate this for you.” It was not a question.
“Yes. Please.”
She did. And that brought everything to a standstill.
A standstill of conflict. On the one hand, the dream fragments he sometimes woke up wondering about had returned, but no longer as fragments and no longer as dream. He could clearly see the valley, the one with grass that knew how to yield, with familiar murmuring winds and with a sun that could do so much more than shine, with trees that knew his name, and those of his sisters. And on the other hand, he looked up at her, a girl—a dear, wonderful girl, his girl—sitting on his bed with a letter in her hand wondering what on earth this was all about.
And sitting next to her, on his bed, or sitting across from him by an old kitchen table, next to another girl who liked to frown and whom he knew was called Flannery, sat Heather. And outside, he knew he would see him if he turned his head, noisily rolling this way then that in his sleep—although he was not really sleeping—Flannery’s old bear.
This of course was totally crazy, and his focus returned to Barbro, to her almost smile, to her questioning eyes, to her wondering. But the valley would not leave, those pictures were his and they were memories, they filled him with a strange certainty that indeed they were, and suddenly another memory rushed in on him: his wintry insight, his exploding aloft to see the world from above. As spirit.
A conflict holding its breath: these certainties, vast and still expanding, filling him, and: this wonderful girl—young woman really—her long, blond hair falling softly like light across her shoulders, sitting on his bed with two sheets of flimsy paper in her hand, unmoving. Her blue eyes now held confusion when she looked up at him, examining him, closely, as if looking for someone she suspected was in there but who had been hiding from her all this time.
“Who is Heather?” she asked finally.
She is my sister, he thought. But said, “I don’t know.”
She probably didn’t hear. “And who is Flannery? And,” she looked down at the letter, “Netoniel? Sounds like an angel. And,” she looked down at the sheets again, “Conrad. Conrad, who?”
I am Conrad, he thought. Netoniel is an angel, and they’re my sisters, Flannery and Heather both, and as he thought he almost said it. But managed not to. Instead, he told her, almost believably, “I don’t know.”
She scrutinized him harder. “You don’t know?”
“No,” he said, and shook his head. “Not really.”
“Not really? What does that mean?”
“It’s,” he began. “It’s kind of hard to explain, but, it’s, I have dreamed them. And now, the dream has, it has, I think it has become memory. I remember them.”
“Do tell,” said Barbro. She hadn’t meant to sound hurt, or flippant, so she added, “Please.”
“I have dreamed them,” he said again, remembering nights when he had smelled this very grass in his dreams. Heather sometimes teasing him about looking like a miniature sun, all that blond, shining hair. Sometimes Flannery was there too. A frown and a quick word mostly to the effect that we were wasting our time. But mostly she was off somewhere, doing important things, looking for Netoniel or keeping an eye on Earth, guessed Heather. 
She didn’t reply, waiting for more.
“We’re in a small house,” he said after a while. “By the edge of a valley. There’s a big brown bear outside the door, pretending to be asleep. And we’re planning to save the world.—This world, the Earth,” he added.
Barbro remained silent, watching him as he searched for words. She knew him well enough to know that he was not lying. She could, in fact, see that he was both desperately serious and grappling with something he did not fully understand, but which had touched him deeply. Had shaken him.
But he did not go on, seemingly unable to.
“You are planning to save the world,” she said after a stretch of silence.
Gabriel looked up at her, as if surprised to find her in the room. “Yes,” he said. “We are planning to save the world. We’re drinking tea which Heather has prepared. And the only way to save the world, says Flannery, is to become writers, the three of us. And we decided, well Flannery decided, really, that English should be our language, just like Charles had, and just like Conrad had. And outside the little cottage the valley holds its breath the better to hear, for everything there is sentient, can listen and understand, but has never learned to mind its own business.”
Barbro did not move, hardly dared to breathe lest she would disrupt his dream.
“It’s Netoniel’s mess,” said Gabriel, as if Barbro needed that explanation. “It started out as one of his pranks, one of his stupid ideas, but got really messy.”
What, she wondered, started out as a prank, but Gabriel did not elaborate. In fact, he did not go on.
“Charles?” she said quietly, “Conrad?”
Gabriel returned to the room, his eyes saw her again. Then he shook his head, but did not speak.
Barbro looked down at the sheets in her hand, then over at the envelope on Gabriel’s desk. She half rose, reached over and picked it up, and looked at the return address.
“I’ve heard of Flannery O’Connor,” she said.
He looked at her but did not answer.
“She’s an American writer,” she continued. When he still did not answer, she said, “Gabriel, you’ve just got a letter from Flannery O’Connor. How do you know her?”
“I don’t,” said Gabriel. “I have no idea who she is.”
“But she knows who you are?”
“Apparently.”
Now it was Barbro’s turn to fall silent. Had she not been sure that Gabriel was incapable of lying to her, she would have taken the whole episode, letter and all, as a prank, and one in bad taste at that. But this was no prank. The letter was genuine, and she was pretty sure—no she was in fact certain—that were she to verify the letter’s handwriting, it would prove to belong to the American writer, Flannery O’Connor. But beyond that, nothing really fell into any sort of place.
“Are you going to answer her?” she asked.
“Of course,” said Gabriel, disturbed again from where he had gone.
:
Stockholm
25 April, 1963

Dear Miss O’Connor,

I received your letter dated 11th of April. To say it was a surprise is to say not enough.
My girlfriend, Barbro, who is very good at English, translated it for me, and is also helping me to write this. My own English is terrible, I’m afraid.
Your letter left me with many strange images and us both with a lot of questions.
What I want to know is: first, how do you know me? And how can you know about my dreams? About the valley. You sound as if you’re speaking from within my dream, which, of course, not only is quite odd, but also quite impossible. Too weird for coincidence, too impossible to be true.
You make many strange references to things I have no idea about. Such as, “We have lost Heather.” If you mean the same Heather I have met in dreams, how can she have suffocated? And again, how can you know about her?
And what’s with the blanket?
Nor do I remember Netoniel, not really, he’s another name from the same dream, although Barbro thinks his name sounds like an angel’s. I think so too. But the same question returns, over and over actually, how can you know about my dreams?
I don’t know what you mean about sex problems either, nor, if I had any, what business they would be of yours (that’s Barbro talking—and me too). 
Yes, there is a bear in my dream too sometimes, and yes, I should stop being surprised that you know, but please elaborate on “is here with me.” It does not make any sense. In fact, in broad daylight, none of your letter makes much sense.
And heading the list of the nonsensical, of course, is how you can possibly know about what goes on when I’m asleep? Are you some sort of strange psychic? If so, you’re a good one, I’ll give you that..
As to English, again, no business of yours. But let me say that I am not planning to learn English nor to write in English, although I must confess that Barbro has suggested I do every now and then.
As to school. I have no idea how you know about that either, and it scares me a little. Where do you get your information from? It’s accurate, to boot, which scares me even more.
Now, what I am interested in, and curious about, is your notes on the craft. But why me?
Hanging on for another year, two at the most? Are you dying?
Tendril fingers? Keeping you awake?
I’m afraid, Miss O’Connor, that this letter is not very polite, and only poses questions, but I fear it would have been even less polite not to write back at all, or to write back but not be honest about it. To put it mildly, I’d be curious to hear what you have to say, and I hope that you will do me, us—Barbro and I—the courtesy of writing back soon.
Sincerely,
Gabriel Rowantree
:
Flannery read his letter a third time. It was worse than she had expected or hoped. For one, he was quite plainly in love. For another he had immersed, there was little doubt, into the blanket. Dreams, his memories were dreams. Dreams, the last realm of freedom for these poor people.
She closed her eyes and took off her glasses. She rubbed her eyes and felt the strange comfort that comes from rubbing the right spot at the right time spread throughout. God, she was tired.
She glanced over at the bear in the corner. Silent as always, as always speaking his wordless language, replacing words with acts. So it had been for as long as she could remember. In fact, she and the bear had never spoken, the bear had always only acted his meaning. Other than that, he had no meaning to communicate. Her shadow, her guardian bear. She smiled to herself at that, and apparently, so did the bear.
She read his letter a fourth time. Then looked out the window.
Outside her peacocks were strutting about in the early May sunshine. It was already too hot for comfort; they didn’t seem to care though.
How to get through to Gabriel? That was the question.
Then she knew. She found a pen and began to write, knowing full well that what she had to communicate to him would have to go through his girlfriend. Yes, through her and through Conrad.
:
Milledgeville May 9, 1963

Dear Gabriel,
Thank you for taking the time and trouble to answer my quite mysterious letter. I know that perhaps—well, not only perhaps—this all comes as a surprise to you, but you’re not quite who you think you are. Actually, you are a lot more than you think you are. As are you, Barbro, there is so much more to you than what you think (Gabriel, I hope, can help you remember).
Enclosed, Gabriel, is a letter that you wrote in 1895. Yes, Gabriel, you wrote it. I honestly don’t know what you were doing here then, you never let on—but that, of course, is not unlike you, you take off and tell no one why or where—but I know that you will recognize the handwriting. That should tell you all you need to know.
And the famous bottom line, so cherished here in the United States, is that it will be up to you to pull this off. Heather has suffocated—and I’m afraid that by now you should know what that means—and I will soon have to leave as well. If I can hang on to this wailing body for another year I’ll be surprised. The bear is making it unbearable—pun intended. Though he is keeping me alive, and remembering, I have to give him that.
Here’s another bottom line: You have to learn English, Gabriel, and soon. With a bit of luck you’ll remember most of it, but if so, please be aware that your vocabulary will be slightly out of date, since I doubt you’ve been back since Conrad. You’ll need to freshen it up a bit.
I suggest that you move to London, England, and bring your friend Barbro. She can help you. Read all you can (in English), swim in the language, live it, absorb it. You must.
I plan to send you what I have found to work when it comes to fiction. They are my current thoughts on the subject and I hope you will concur, and find them useful. Of course, your own views on the matter, as Conrad, show that we agree.
Your sister,
Flannery 
:
“Pull what off?” said Barbro.
Gabriel could not answer. But he had woken up. He looked at the letter in his hand and there was no doubt about it. He had written it. In 1895. As Conrad.
“Pull what off?” Barbro said again.
And Heather was lost. He looked out the window but only saw the field of grass, and the three of them by the table, planning.
“Gabriel.” Barbro touched his shoulder. “Where are you?”
He stirred at the touch and looked at her, this woman he had come to know, to love, really.
“I’m sorry,” he said.
“Pull what off?”
He told her. She listened intently and on the wing of her love for him knew him to tell the truth. Of course, there was no way that what he said could be at all real, but then again—as she had thought to herself many times—there was no way that a love as wonderful as hers for him could be at all real either, so there you have it: it was real all right.
When he had finished his tale she said simply, “We have to go to London.”
:
That night Barbro wrote her own letter to Flannery:

Stockholm
25 May, 1963

Dear Ms. O’Connor,
As you know, I am Gabriel’s girl. And what’s more, I believe him. And I believe you.
I have read two of your stories—Wise Blood and A Good Man is Hard to Find—and I found you to be a very brave woman. Now I know why.
Do you suffer much?
I will go to London with him, and I will make sure that he learns English, or remembers it, as you put it.
I hope that somehow we can meet before you die. Pardon me for being so blunt.
What else can I do to help? I know, have known for a long time it seems, that the blanket, as you call it, is real, that our blindness is only artificial. Tell me what I must do.
I am not sure I understand how your bear fits in, I wish you would tell me about him.
Please write again.
Sincerely,
Barbro Wallengard
:
She couldn’t honestly tell herself that she had known Gabriel’s girl would write her, but she nonetheless felt she had expected it, and so did her best not to be pleasantly surprised.
Flannery read Barbro’s letter again, and smiled. She held it up for the bear in the corner and said, “See, you old thing, she wants a rundown on you.”
As usual the bear pretended not to hear.
:
Soren Wallengard had noticed the change in him, and that was why, in the end, he relented and allowed his daughter to take him to London.
Gabriel wasn’t walking into walls anymore, had regained possession of his reproductive organ, and had graduated from infatuation to true love it seemed. And his daughter felt the same, he could tell. There was now something very mature about them, something, well, almost—he didn’t know why the word seemed so appropriate—ancient.
“But why London?” he had asked.
“He must learn English, dad,” was all she would answer, in a hundred different ways. And he agreed. A talent such as his deserved a language more widely read; for so much is apt to get lost in translation. This boy, his boy in a way, he realized, had a gift that only English would do justice. So he agreed. And paid, as well.
:
They were out on the North Sea, standing by the rail of the port side promenade deck of the large and very white MS Uppland, a ferry making its way from Gothenburg, Sweden to Felixstowe, England, when he proposed to her.
“Of course I’ll marry you,” she said. “But not until you know English better than the English.”
Gabriel smiled at that, for by now he had come to remember quite well. He had found the trove of thousands of slightly archaic words gathered with such care by Conrad, and was looking forward to putting them into practice.
“Sunday suitable?” he said, in English.
Barbro wasn’t quite sure what to make of that, but smiled back and took his hand, and then, his hand still in hers, looked out at the waves—if you could call them waves, they were more like a carpet of ripples on the undulating ocean as it heaved its long, lazy sighs—coruscating now and then in the sunlight. No land anywhere to be seen, only the water, endless water. Easy to see here that the Earth is indeed a large ball.
:
In August of that year, 1963, Flannery had her second operation, to no avail. She was bedridden, mostly, and was grateful for any day that she could find the strength to rise and feed her peacocks. The bear suffered with her. But he did keep her awake.
Fiona’s letters made occasional mention of Heather, and news about her was not good. Flannery strained against the shackles of her wasting body, to fly loose, to go to Heather, to infuse her with life, but she knew she could not do it. Heather was lost now, and her remaining strength would have to be saved for Gabriel.
She also knew that it was tantamount to spiritual suicide to attempt to move through Netoniel’s blanket without the shield of a physical body. The mist of strands was tangible to the spirit, if not to the body. Its fog thicker than fog, a prison of wishes desperate for life, clinging to anything that approached it, shrouding the bodies like mold, smothering any spirit that ventured near. The blanket—empty space to the human eye—was nearly impenetrable to the soul. She would never make it through on her own.
When Flannery next wrote Fiona she asked her not to mention Heather again.
By December, thinking that she probably did not have long to go, she wrote Gabriel in London, and asked if he and his wife could come and spend Christmas with her.
:
They had found a flat on Fenchurch Street, not two blocks from where the original London Shipmasters’ Society had had their offices. Gabriel had wanted to see the place where he, as Conrad, had spent so much time, and while in the area had found the sign advertising the two bedroom flat, three stories up in a newly renovated brownstone building.
The rooms were light and comfortable and both Gabriel and Barbro took to their new home right away. Perhaps a little costly, but daddy had promised to help, said Barbro. Let’s take it. And they did.
Barbro, whose English was certainly good enough, enrolled in a small business college three tube stations and a short walk away. A generous grant from the Swedish Government paid the tuition and books.
Gabriel, tempted at first, to take English Literature classes, opted instead—and Barbro agreed—to peruse libraries and old bookstores for anything he could find on the subject of writing fiction, in English. He was surprised at how much had actually been written on the subject. By James, Stevenson, Forster, Woolf, Flaubert, Stendhal, and—amusingly—by himself as Conrad. Not to mention Aristotle.
He also found Elizabeth Bowen’s recently published and wonderful collection of essays called Afterthought; and he read and re-read Erich Auerbach’s Mimesis to make sure he understood what that brilliant man had observed, and later, in a small Istanbul apartment, had set down in his native German during much of the Second World War. From what he could tell, the translation was good, and he trusted it implicitly.
There were others and they all seemed to have something to say on the subject: Joyce, Cervantes, Nabokov, Steinbeck and Hemingway, and by early December 1963 Gabriel realized that he had to put some order into his assimilation of the craft. That is when he began to isolate and outline the various fictional elements recognized by these his many teachers and to record their thoughts and comments on each to illustrate them.
It was to be an ongoing project, for there was always the slightly different, and thus differently illuminating, viewpoint on characterization, or plot, or narrative, or time management, or point of view, or opening paragraphs, and he wanted to make sure he got them all down. He called his growing compendium Elements of Fiction, a Survey, and he added to it daily and paraphrased Montaigne almost as often: “I am gathering a nosegay of other men’s flowers, only the thread that binds them is my own.” He felt the weight of this accumulated knowledge gather a force of its own, first in his gut, and then—of late—in his heart.
“When are you going to start writing your own stories?” asked Barbro one night.
“When I won’t make a fool of myself,” he answered.
“You can prepare forever, and never get anything written,” she replied.
“I am aware of that. Four months is not forever, though.”
“I’m not saying it is.”
He looked up at her and discovered in one glance that she was not out to goad, but to help him.”
“I’m sorry,” he said.
She smiled in return and walked over and kissed him smack on the lips.
The following day the letter from Flannery arrived, inviting them to Georgia. Enclosed were two return airplane tickets, booked for the 19th. There was never the thought of not going. They packed and on that Thursday morning took the train to the airport.
:
Flannery was too weak to meet them in Atlanta. It was only with an effort that she managed to meet them at the door of her house. But she did manage, resting on a rubberfooted cane, and with an embarrassed smile. She waved at them as they stepped out of the car in her driveway, a couple of peahens still running away lest the car was pursuing them, while a large peacock decided to put on a show for the guests, and so spread his tail to display his very best plumage for their benefit.
“Well, I’ll be,” said Flannery, looking at the peacock, even before she got around to saying “Welcome.”
Gabriel embraced her long and hard, almost hurting her. Barbro noticed her frailty and hugged her less fervently. Flannery showed them in to the parlor and introduced Regina, her mother.
“Welcome to Milledgeville,” said the older woman. “What can I get you international travelers. Tea? Coffee?”
“Coffee, please,” said Gabriel.
“Fine,” said Barbro.
Flannery, on a strict diet, could have neither, and Regina brought her the juice of two apples.
Once seated and served, Regina—on Flannery’s earlier request—withdrew and left the three of them to talk.
“Tired?” asked Flannery. “You’ve come a long way.”
“Yes,” said Gabriel. “Yes, we are and yes we have.”
Barbro, sensitive to the effort it took Flannery to simply sit upright, began to cry in appreciation of the bravery she observed. Flannery noticed.
“Oh, don’t fuss,” she said.
“It’s just that,” began Barbro.
“I know, I know,” said Flannery with a dismissive wave of her hand. “It’s a fact of life, my life. Get used to it.”
Gabriel then saw her so clearly that he instinctively looked around for the bear. And found him. The bear seemed to nod in recognition, but other than that he remained motionless in his appointed corner.
“How are you holding up?” Flannery addressed Gabriel as if Barbro wasn’t even present. This was a question, one sibling to the other.
“Fine,” said Gabriel. “Pretty good. The Conrad letter helped. Woke me up, in fact.”
“I thought it would. You never told.”
“Well, you know.—And you?”
“I have the bear.”
“Yes, I can see that.”
Flannery looked over at Barbro, not quite surprised to find her there. “And you?” she asked.
“How am I holding up?”
“Close enough.”
“I’m holding up fine, I guess.”
“Has Gabriel told you? I assume he has.” Flannery looked over at Gabriel who nodded.
“Yes,” said Barbro. “He has.”
“You asked me once how the bear fits in,” said Flannery to Barbro. “I never answered you. This is how he fits in: by keeping the door to death wide open, and constantly, he never lets me forget who I am. It hurts a lot, but I know it hurts him even more. I don’t know if you can see him, he’s over there in the corner by the bookshelf. No, the other, with the small corner table with the little vase on it. You have to know what to look for though.”
Barbro turned and looked.
“Can you see him.”
“No,” said Barbro.
“Hey, bear, do something,” said Flannery.
At which point two books left their shelf and gently sailed, in unison, to the floor.
“He’s got tendril fingers when he wants to,” said Flannery.
“I can see them,” said Barbro, meaning the fingers.
“The fingers?”
“Yes.”
“Follow the glimmer to its source, and that’s the bear,” said Flannery.
For an instant the bear materialized for Barbro. Huge and brown, slightly bent to fit under the ceiling. She drew a quick breath.
“I see you found him,” said Flannery.
“I did,” said Barbro, and then he was gone.
“Well, he’s been with me, the old thing, since I got here.”
“Hurting you all the time?” said Barbro.
“No, heavens no. Only when I seemed to him to be forgetting.”
“And he, the bear, never forgets?” asked Barbro.
“No,” said Flannery, “he never forgets. There’s something with bears from where we come from, they never forget.”
Gabriel nodded in agreement. “They don’t. Ever.”
“How’s the writing going?” asked Flannery, seemingly of both of them. So Barbro answered before Gabriel could.
“He’s still preparing.”
“I’m trying to gain, well, regain, the feel for it.”
“So, he’s started a massive research project to track down and illustrate every conceivable element of fiction he can find,” said Barbro.
“In and of itself an admirable task,” said Flannery. “But hardly productive of fiction.”
“I know,” said Gabriel, slightly embarrassed.
“You’ve got to get going,” said Flannery.
“I know, I know,” said Gabriel.
“My favorite quote on the subject,” said Flannery, “is from Matthew Arnold, the English poet. He said: ‘Have something to say, and say it as clearly as you can. That is the only secret of style.’ And I agree, with all my heart. That’s all there is to it. Couldn’t have put it more succinctly myself.”
“I know,” said Gabriel.
“You keep saying that,” said Flannery.
“I know,” said Gabriel.
“So, what’s holding you?” she asked.
“I’m trying to get the right feel of it. I’m trying to get it back.”
“Forget the right feel,” said Flannery with a flash of anger that Gabriel—with a smile—recognized. “You learn to write by writing, not by feeling right about it.”
“I’m not sure I know English well enough. Yet.”
“Fiddlesticks,” said Flannery.
Barbro looked at Gabriel and tipped her head in Flannery’s direction as if to say, ‘see what I mean?’
“Another thing Matthew Arnold said was: ‘Truth sits upon the lips of dying men.’ So you’d better listen, for I tell the truth. Get writing. Now. There’s a desk. There’s pen and paper. Tell me something, and tell it clearly, in English.”
Gabriel didn’t answer at first, then he said. “So, you are dying?”
“Of course I’m dying. The bear’s seeing to that.”
“But, how soon?”
“Next year this time I know I’ll be gone.”
Barbro made signs of beginning to cry again.
“Oh, stop it,” said Flannery in her direction. “And, you, Gabriel, are avoiding the topic at hand, which is your writing. There’s the desk. Begin.”
Gabriel, smiling again as he saw his sister so clearly, stood up and walked over to the writing desk, apparently put there for his benefit, for it seemed out of place in the parlor.
He pulled out the chair, sat down and began to write.
Flannery followed his movements with silent approval, then looked at Barbro and said, “And now, my dear, you’ll have to help me to my bedroom.”
Barbro rose immediately, as if startled awake, “Oh, sure.”
:
This is what Gabriel wrote, that afternoon and into the evening of the 20th of December, 1963.

Closer Sun
Once upon a time there was no doubt.
He lived in a small clay hut. The floor was smooth ground, was hard dry mud trod and trod again by feet coming, going, coming, going, and sometimes staying. His bed was a yellow and green mat of woven grass, still fresh and with a scent of field. Although it was thin he slept well on it and he did not wake sore. This morning he felt rested and refreshed, if somewhat dislocated.
It was the sun that woke him, this new sun. This white, disorienting sun. This beautiful sun. The low half circle that was the hut's opening faced this new sun's rising above the mountain ridge on the far side of the valley below. As it climbed, it lit the sky above him, touched the mountain behind him, then entered his hut and his eyes through shut lids. This is what woke him. And then he knew it was morning. Again.
The end of another darkness, of another inactivity so deep he had trouble remembering doing this nothing. He welcomed this new sun, this warm sun, white and closer.
He crawled on knees and hands through the opening and out into the pleasant morning air. He was tall and slender. He was black skinned and strong. He stood up and it felt good to stretch arms and legs and lungs. 
It was good here, wherever here was. Under this closer sun.
His hut was built on the edge of a large plateau high above the valley floor. The plateau was a wide expanse of green rippled by the morning winds. The man smiled as he held the air and watched the small, bright clouds overhead. This wasn't so bad after all.
A loud screech rose from the sea of grass to his left and a large bird took wide wing. Rose with the sound. He watched as the bird, startled and escaping, winged higher and higher into the morning sky. Another screech, as in answer, reached him and with it another bird, a copy of the first, arose further still to his left and soon circled with the first looking down at some shared annoyance.
He walked toward a movement in the grass to see what could have stirred those powerful wings. The movement at the same time parted the grass toward him and soon they met. It was a large, beautiful cat. Not black, as cats should be, but cat nonetheless. Green eyes and sharp teeth, long, pink tongue. A deep voice spoke slowly and wondered who he was. He had not heard a voice like this, words like these, for . . . he could not remember when. Rumbling, whispering. He wondered how the cat could speak such and answered him that he was not altogether sure exactly who he was, it was a bit of a blur, really, but there was no doubt, he said, that he had been recently sentenced, and that he was here serving time.
At this the big cat sneezed and sat down on his hind legs and looked at him long and hard. For what crime, he asked in the end. I don't remember, he answered. And who are you, he asked of the cat. I am Cheetah, he answered. Is that a cat? Yes.
“Are you serving time too?” he asked.
“Yes,” said the cat.
They looked at each other for some time. He was trying to find the cat within the cat who called himself Cheetah. Looking from the man within the man.
“We all are,” the cat added.
“Why did you scare the birds off?” he asked.
“I didn't mean to scare them,” he answered. “It was a mistake.”
He didn't understand and looked at the cat for an answer.
“I meant to catch me one.”
“Why?”
“To eat.”
“Eat?”
“Yes.”
He looked up at the two circling pairs of wings, closer to the ground now. Looking down at them. Concerned.
“What is eat?”
“How long have you been here?” asked the cat.
“I don't know. Perhaps two risings of this sun.”
“Wait another rising or two and you will know what I mean.”
There was a new movement in the tall grass and the antlers and heads of two deer made their way through the green sea to their right. The cat stiffened and watched the brown backs part the grass. Got to go, he said, and set out after the deer. The man, still wondering about eat stood still, looking at the yellow and black of the cat moving away from him. He almost called the deer in warning but knew it would offend the cat so instead he simply watched. Watched the frozen panic of the brown animals, heads and antlers etched against the undulating green, watched the tail of the cat moving slowly from side to side creeping closer. Watched the sudden brown flight and the tremendous pursuit of the cat. Saw the leap, the kill, heard the cry, smelled the blood, almost felt the meat torn from the bones of the dead animal. Saw the other deer stop a ways off, still, sad, relieved. He wondered why this was taking place.
He walked over to the cat. The cat didn't turn around at first, but once the man's presence was beyond doubt he looked up with fiery eyes and growled a low and threatening greeting. The man stopped and asked what he was doing. The cat did not answer, so the man asked again. Eating, said the cat between bites.
The man remained for a while, watching, wondering about eat. The cat did not turn again and the man left him to his strange chore. When Cheetah had finished his task there was only the broken suggestion of deer left on the ground, a long twisted neck, torn and dark with blood, an empty eye looking up at the man, the deer within the deer gone. Freed? He thought not.
He turned and walked back towards his hut. The two birds overhead were settling back into the grass and he walked towards them, maybe they too could speak, and tell him about this eat. As he drew closer he saw one lean next to the other and whisper something. If a wing could point, it pointed at him and they both took to the air again, screeching. 
He admired their aerial artistry for a while and tried to remember flying. There should be memories, there were memories, he was certain, but like stones slippery with algae they could not be grasped. He fetched nothing.
The birds remained aloft and he walked back to the hut.
Inside he rolled up his mat and placed it along the wall. He sat down on the ground and thought again about eat. He tried to remember. Remember the feeling that had certainly possessed the cat, had made him rude. But like flight these memories were elusive, and though they cast shadows they seemed of no substance and he fetched nothing from his groping.
The sun climbed further and the band of light on his floor grew shorter and brighter. He thought about closing his eyes and entering the darkness again but felt not and could not find the restfulness. Not with the sun high. So he sat for a long time on his hut floor looking out across the valley, at the trees clustering the valley floor, at the grasses, grasses everywhere and the many animals, deer, antelopes, zebras, elephants, other cats, both larger and smaller than Cheetah, strolling some, eating some, sleeping some in the sun. How could they sleep when he could not? He crawled through the opening again and stood up. Other birds were soaring overhead. Some flew close to each other as in conversation. Others darted singly up and down seemingly without purpose. 
Cheetah came back. Quietly. One moment there was no one, the next there was Cheetah again.
Had a good eat, he wondered. Yes, said the Cheetah. Hungry yet? he added.
“Hungry?”
“It's must eat,” said the Cheetah.
“No,” he answered. “But I've thought about it.”
“That's how it starts,” said the Cheetah.
“Can you remember?” asked the man.
The Cheetah didn't answer at first but began to clean his left front paw with his large pink tongue. The man could hear each raspy lick and watched the long white whiskers fold and unfold as he again and again licked pads and claws and furry top. There was also the faint smell of blood in the air.
“Can you remember?” he asked again.
The Cheetah slowly put his paw down and looked like he would begin cleaning the other, but he did not.
“Not much,” he said.
“What then?” he asked.
“Only being Cheetah,” said the Cheetah.
“Nothing else?”
“No.”
“No other sun?”
“No.”
“But you're serving time. You remember that.”
“I don't remember that. I know that.”
The man thought about that and saw that the Cheetah was right. No memory there. Just know. He nodded.
“What about the others?” he asked. “Do they know too?”
“Most do,” said the Cheetah.
“Can they all talk?”
“Most do,” repeated the Cheetah.
“Anyone remember?”
“Only this sun,” said the Cheetah, and left.
This sun was setting now. The man saw it diving behind the mountain, bringing shadow to the valley. Cheetah returned again from the grassy nowhere and sat down beside the man. The world was stiller now, but for a larger roar than the Cheetah's coming from the valley below. Another like you, he asked. No, said Cheetah, Lion. You don't want to meet him hungry. He will eat you. For that matter, you may want to stay away from me too if you see me too hungry for choosing. I'd settle for man flesh in a pinch.
“Like the deer?”
“Yes.”
“Serious?”
“Quite.”
They spoke no more and soon Cheetah disappeared into the dusk. Restfulness returned to the man. He crept back into his hut and closed his eyes.
The closer sun reached the top of the ridge and found his eyelids, lit his eyes. He woke and looked out and onto the valley below, still in shadow from the range, still not lit by the closer sun which had now entered him. Entered with a new heat, an ember at first below his heart, now waking in small steps. First into hollowness, then into glow, then into pain into larger pain, into hunger and suddenly eat was all he knew.
He crawled out on hands and knees, but not with pleasure. With urgency. He stood up and surveyed his world, no longer for beauty and fresh light, but for food. Shadows cast by daemon memories dictated motion, guided his feet, steered his eyes and he remembered the birds. Cheetah had stalked them. Food.
He tried to remember where, exactly, while his hunger twisted below. He walked through the grass, seeing no birds. Then the screech and the powerful down beat of muscle and feather. The bird rose and screamed the warning. He was not going to catch him. Instead he knew to look for where the bird had hid and found the nest. Large and brown, filled with eggs. With food. He bent to pick one, to eat one, when talons ripped long, red furrows across his shoulders. The pain seared through and he whipped around to see the bird again, to feel the down draft of desperation and anger. The bird had grown fearless and dove for him again. He was too perplexed to get out of the way and talons found his ear this time and drew blood. Then he ran.
His shoulders and ear were pulsing and burning from the attack and he needed water to cool them. The hunger returned below and told him about eggs to eat. But eggs told him about talons to rip and he stalled, undecided. Pain returned and clamored for water.
He found the path to the water hole. He had seen it traveled by antelopes and zebras. Pain and hunger made battle but pain prevailed. He must soothe his shoulder. And there was Cheetah sitting on the path, smelling the air. Green eyes held his steadily as he approached. His tail was tapping up tiny puffs of dust behind him. The man could see four sharp teeth as the Cheetah smiled.
“Hungry now?” he asked.
The man did not answer. A new feeling, sparked by green eyes, told him to run. Cheetah sat very still except for tail and nostrils. The man stood very still now as Cheetah's muscles tensed and rippled. Then the big cat leaped.
Claws found his chest, teeth found his neck and powerful jaws closed down over arteries and spine. He heard his own neck break before all went quiet as he looked down on Cheetah taking his first bite out of his shoulder. Then there was a new darkness.
Once upon a time there was no doubt.
He lived in a small clay hut. The floor was smooth ground, was hard dry mud trod and trod again by feet coming, going, coming, going, and sometimes staying. His bed was a yellow and green mat of woven grass, still fresh and with a scent of field. Although it was thin he slept well on it and he did not wake sore. This morning he felt rested and refreshed, if somewhat dislocated.
:
Before Flannery fell asleep that night she said to the bear: “I’m worried about what his wife may do to him, she’s such a wonderful girl, you know. But when the urge hits, and it will, she’ll derail him.”
The bear, as usual, said nothing.
:
“I am putting together a few notes of my own,” said Flannery the following morning. “For what they’re worth, I’ll have them ready for you before you leave.”
Gabriel was showing her his Elements of Fiction survey at breakfast, and she was pleasantly impressed, leafing through the pages with interest.
“Are they quotes?” asked Gabriel.
“Are what quotes?”
“Your notes.”
“No, just thoughts.”
“Ah.”
She read on. “You have a keen eye for what makes fiction work,” she said.
“Not me. I’m just mining the work of others.”
“Don’t undervalue a selective eye,” she answered, still scanning his pages. “Be sure to include what Matthew Arnold said about style,” she said.
“I’ve already made a note of it,” he answered.
She looked up at him over the rim of her glasses and smiled. “I knew you would,” she said.
He said nothing, just watched her intent scrutiny, seeing again, clearly, his sister from the little house by the edge of the valley. “I like the way you’ve organized this,” she muttered. Then she looked up at him, struck by the thought: “Did you finish your assignment?”
“I did.”
“So, where is it?”
“Here,” he said, and handed her the thin sheaf of papers by his side. She took them without comment and began to read.
Gabriel finished his eggs and toast at about the same time Flannery finished his story. “There’s hope,” she said. “You’ve taken well to English, or perhaps it has taken well to you.”
Gabriel smiled at that and said: “I have a strange and overpowering feeling that it has always been an inherent part of myself. English was for me neither a matter of choice nor adoption. The merest idea of choice had never entered my head. And as to adoption—well, yes, there was adoption; but it was I who was adopted by the genius of the language, which directly I came out of the stammering stage made me its own so completely that its very idiom I truly believe had a direct action on my temperament and fashioned my still plastic character.”
“You didn’t just make that up?” said Flannery.
“No, I’m quoting Conrad.”
“Ah. Excellent memory.”
“It’s all coming back nicely,” he answered.
:
It was a strange Christmas Eve. For everyone.
Flannery had declared that this year, in honor of her guests from overseas, all presents were to be handed out, in the Swedish fashion, by Santa himself, on Christmas eve.
“No stockings?” her mother had asked while preparing the eggnog.
“No stockings,” confirmed Flannery.
Barbro had baked Swedish gingersnaps which, although strange to the taste of the help, were a hit. Stranger still, though, was Santa Claus. Shot, the hired help, black as night and not a little indolent, was pressed into service by Flannery and Regina ganging up on him while also bribing him with expensive whiskey and eggnog.
In Sweden, Santa Clause arrives in person with a large bag of presents slung over his shoulder. He knocks on the door, and when let in is supposed to look imposing, though friendly, and then say, sternly like, but with a glint in his eye: “Does this house contain any good children?”
Whereupon all children present (and most of the adults—at least everyone with still a trace of child in their heart) all yell, “YES”. Santa accepts this answer at face value and proceeds to sit down, opens his bag, picks up the first present: “To Gabriel from Mom.” And so it goes.
Shot, however, once let in, looked neither imposing nor friendly, and had forgotten his line. “Some of that eggnog sure enough would hit the spot right about now,” is what he actually did say, which Barbro found hilarious and set her giggling. That took the edge off Flannery’s frown and Shot was forgiven.
Regina was still asking Flannery about stockings, surely they had stockings in Sweden. “No, dear parent,” Flannery said more than once that night. “They do not hang up stockings in Sweden. Let’s do without them, just this once, please?”
“But this may be your last . . .” Regina began, then bit her tongue and forced herself not to cry.
“I know, I know,” Flannery said, and hugged her mother. “You’re probably right, but in honor of our guests.”
Shot, who could read, but only with difficulty, and with strong glasses which he fished out of Santa’s coat, took his time handing out the presents—between eggnog refills, and in the warm parlor began to disrobe well before he was done with his Clausey duties. By the time he handed out the final present—which Flannery had passed him on the not-so-sly, Shot was back to being only himself, reading with difficulty though his glass bottle bottom glasses: “To Gabriel from Flannery.”
It was the collection of Flannery’s thoughts on the craft, carefully typed, then stitched together in a small book by Flannery herself, which he stayed up late that night, reading. This was the one book he would never lose.
Regina sneaked down into the parlor at one in the morning on Christmas Day and hung up four stockings, which she filled with trinkets and candy.
:
On the eve of their departure for London, it was now January 2nd, 1964, Gabriel sat with Flannery in her bedroom. Flannery, exhausted from the busy holiday season, was leaning into her heavy pillows and seemed asleep. Gabriel knew that she was not.
“I have trouble staying awake,” he said.
“Not surprising,” Flannery answered without opening her eyes.
“Your first letter brought me around, but only temporarily. It opened my eyes, but only a crack, and only for a moment.”
Flannery looked at him and nodded.
“When you sent the second letter, with the one from Conrad, everything did come back, clearer, stronger. As strong as knowing. Then, four or five days later I caught myself having forgotten again. Only by picking up the Conrad letter again did I come awake.”
“That’s what the blanket does,” said Flannery.
Gabriel nodded, “Yes, I know.”
After a spell of silence, when they both heard the soft hush of a steady but fine rain outside, Flannery said, “Poor Heather.”
“Maybe she’ll recognize me?”
“Don’t get your hopes up.”
“But it’s worth a try?”
“Why, I guess.”
“What if I fall asleep, like Heather?” asked Gabriel. “What happens then?”
“Then,” said Flannery. “I’ll have to think of something else.”
“Netoniel?”
“No, I don’t think so. I don’t think he will be of much help. Even if I could find him, which I doubt.”
Then Gabriel asked the question that had been on his mind all Christmas. “Even if I do reach them, say a hundred million sleeping souls, will that undo the blanket? Will that actually make a difference?”
Flannery closed her eyes and didn’t answer for so long that Gabriel thought for a moment that she had actually fallen asleep. Then she opened her eyes again and looked at him.
“I have seen what makes the blanket,” she said finally.
Gabriel did not answer.
“I don’t know whether Netoniel meant for this to happen or not, but whenever a wish is made, his mirror captures and reverses it.”
Gabriel nodded, yes, he knew that.
“It is this opposite that returns to the soul, and which he then acts on,” she said.
“Yes.”
“But the original wish, passing through the mirror, lives on. Unfulfilled it cannot die, and instead forms a thin silvery thread that drifts upward into its huge sibling population, where it adds yet another strand to the blanket, or mist, or fog.”
“You’ve seen this?”
“I have.”
Gabriel looked out at the rain for a spell. “So, the blanket is made of dead wishes?”
“No, not dead. You are not listening. Quite the opposite, undead.”
“Undead. Unfulfilled.”
“Yes,” said Flannery.
“So, is there . . . ?” began Gabriel
“I think that the death of a mirror will free its undead wishes to seek their attainment at last. And when they do, when they are free to become the intent they are, they can finally rest. Accomplished. No more strand.”
“So, with the mirror gone. No more strands.”
Flannery nodded, yes.
“But remember,” she said. “It is being added to constantly, at an ever madder rate. You must wake up at least one half of the population of Earth before the blanket will cease to grow, and all on Earth before it will vanish.”
“All awake?”
“Awake enough to stop creating Netoniel’s mirror.”
Gabriel looked at her steady eyes looking at him. “That is a very tall order,” he said.
“I know.”
“And you, your books? How many do you think?”
“Not even a dent,” she answered with a frown. “Not even a scratch on a dent.”
“And you suppose that I?”
“For one,” said Flannery, “we don’t have a choice. For two, you can do this better than I, as long as you stay awake.”
“Oh, I doubt that.”
“No, I know that.”
“As long as I stay awake?”
“That’s imperative.”
“Mind if I borrow the bear?”
“I don’t mind at all, but he might. Staying awake with his help, though, is not a pleasant proposition. He’s got a very painful way of reminding you.”
Gabriel looked around the little bedroom, littered with books and magazines. “How many souls on this planet, would you say?”
“Two billion?”
“So I have to wake one billion?”
“That’s to stop it from growing.”
Gabriel shook his head.
“You’d better hone your skills, Gabriel,” said Flannery.
“I’d better turn into a God.”
“No, no, no. Don’t even go there. They have enough problems with religion as it is. Also, I’ve tried that route, the religious metaphor route. Didn’t work. At least not for me.”
“No, I mean, I’d better perform some miracles.”
“Won’t work, Gabriel. They can only cast this blanket off from within. Each and every soul has to find Netoniel’s mirror and see for himself that he is indeed the one putting it there. That he is creating it. Once they see that, their wishes will work again. There is no other way, really, than reaching, touching, and waking one soul at a time.”
“But that’s an impossible task, Flannery.”
“It must not be. It simply must not be.”
Then they both fell silent. The rain kept up its soft hiss outside. Flannery’s breathing changed into something softer, sweeter, something less punished by the bear who stood listening in the corner, recognizing Gabriel, of course. She was asleep.
Gabriel left her room to pack. In the parlor he asked Regina again if the airline had called yet to confirm their one day stopover in New York. Regina said yes, they did call. It was all settled now. Gabriel thanked her. A day would be enough for him and Barbro to travel from New York to Ridgefield and back.
:
Heather was hurting. Lately Frank had taken to punishing her with a belt on her bare buttocks. She found it impossible to sit, hard to walk, and made her way through the crisp winter morning with difficulty. The two grocery bags were heavy, but she managed all right, her arms were unhurt.
A young couple was walking towards her on the sidewalk. He was perhaps twenty, so blond that the sun seemed to make a private pool around his head. She seemed a little older, though almost as blond. His face was flushed by the cold and his breath came out in little clouds, same as his girlfriend’s or wife’s, same as her own for that matter.
As they came closer the young man’s face looked faintly familiar, like something in a dream may look faintly familiar to something you meet in the waking world, and so connects the two. He was looking directly at her as they approached, and the feeling of having seen him before grew almost painful. She’d heard of deja vu and this was really it. The need to make a connection mounted and she was about to say something to him when he killed her by speaking first.
“Heather,” he said.
Hearing her own name, surrounded by cloud, issue from the lips of a complete stranger found and twisted something fundamental within her. The dream face turned nightmare in an instant and the blanket jealously clamped down completely. The young man no longer seemed familiar, he seemed much more like a threat. Probably someone from the school board, actually. Sent to ‘rescue’ her again. How many thousand times would she have to tell them that she didn’t need rescuing. That her family was just fine, for them to mind their own damn business.
“Heather,” he said again and stopped, not five feet away.
“Who wants to know?”
“It’s me, Gabriel.”
“I don’t know any Gabriel.”
He exchanged a quick glance with his girl. “How about Flannery? Do you know Flannery?”
“She from the school board too?”
He looked confused, too confused to be faking it, she thought. Or a very good actor.
“The school board?” he said.
“Listen mister, if you don’t mind. I need to get home with these groceries.”
“You don’t remember me, Heather?”
“I’ve never seen you in my life.”
“The bear,” he said then.
“The what?”
“The bear.”
“Are you crazy? Please leave me alone. I have enough trouble as it is without crazy people I don’t know.”
They looked at each other again, almost sadly, she thought. She could not make them out, what they were about. But they were becoming a nuisance, this she knew.
“So,” she said. “Not very nice to have met you.” She shifted her grips on the grocery bags and set off for her house.
Neither of them moved, so she had to walk around them.
She didn’t look back, but she knew that they were still watching her, standing where she had left them. Luckily, though, they didn’t try to follow.
That night Heather dreamed of a soft meadow with a tall grass that knew how to bend without the help of wind. And just for a flicker, for a spark of a moment, she saw his face again, Gabriel. But then she turned onto her back and her burning buttocks brought her awake enough to roll over on her left side to escape the pain. Her new dream was of something completely different, to do with Frank.
:
Gabriel looked out of the small, partially frosted window of the 707 taking him and Barbro back to London. Flannery had bought them first-class seats and the flight was comfortable. Barbro was asleep beside him, her head now and then falling onto his left shoulder.
He gently eased down to the floor for his travel bag where he kept Flannery’s notes. Barbro did not wake up.
The little book was about one hundred pages long, with one quote, neatly typed, per page. Flannery had taken good care with her typing, and had also added some decorative borders here and there, along with numerous little drawings of peacocks. He knew that he was holding a lifeline in his hands. His sister’s legacy.
He continued to read:

“The writer's business is to contemplate experience, not to be merged in it.”

That, of course, thought Gabriel to himself, was easier said than done. And what experience was she talking about? This, planet Earth’s, or the real, the true experience of the soul? Of course what choice did he have right now than to be merged in it, the Earth and its blanket.
Still, he could picture himself, in the stillness of his room, quietly pulling back from it all to view things from an inward distance, no matter how minute. That was of course what she meant. And also, he could see this even more clearly, this would help him stay awake, as it was certainly intended to by Flannery.

“Imagination is the light by which we see.”

Well, that’s true. He had realized this himself not long ago, for what they called imagination here on Earth, they called creation back home, where what you imagined did in fact materialize—well, if you were any good at it. Here, he had noticed more than once, this was not the case. The imagined stayed imagined only—fantasy they called it, and if truly wished, Netoniel’s mirror took care to reverse it, while the original wish sailed on as yet another strand.
No, there was no imagining things into existence here. Except, as Flannery was pointing out, for the writer, and especially for him, mirror-less.
But back home, what you imagine, becomes. What other light would you need?
Then it occurred to him: were these quotes written specifically for him, or were they aimed at other writers? Or, naturally, both? He settled on both, in the end.
“Imagination is the light by which we see,” he read again, softly to himself and looked out the window, back at the enormous wing and its two large engines, down at the fading sea, New York now two hours behind them.
He felt the Earth beneath him as a ball. As a ball for only the second time since he arrived. This giant, giant ball that for all its giantness is a rather small planet. Well, it’s all a matter of perspective, of course, people were so damn small here, everything so damn small. And so much of it. He had thought it before, and mentioned it to Barbro several times, how you cannot even breathe the air on this Earth without inhaling some form of life, some million, trillion forms of life.
And he mused again, letting his eyes rest on the water far below, there is life everywhere, in the soil, in the water, in the air, scurrying around on the ground in the guise of two hundred and fifty thousand species, species if you please, of beetles, or flapping around in the air in the guise of one hundred forty-eight thousand species of butterflies. Who counts these things, anyway? And how many species have yet to be discovered, or are being mutated into right now?
If a planet was ever crowded, this was it. There is literally hardly room to breathe, he thought, and if you don’t watch out, someone or something will breathe you. And I am to wake them up?
Why so many? And why this place? Was it all Netoniel’s doing? He found that hard to believe.
Barbro shifted in her sleep and brought her head over to the left of her seat. He adjusted her pillow for her and she seemed to grunt a soft thanks.
A ball. He closed his eyes, a ball. Then he too fell asleep, with a firm grasp on Flannery’s book in his lap.
:
On February the 15th, 1964 Flannery wrote this letter to Fiona McCullough:

We appear to all have our nasal drips stopped for the moment by the right amounts of anti-histamine. Louise’s and Shot’s cases are complicated by liquor and a bucket of potash water which she keeps handy to throw on him. He gave her a bad blow over the eye, or at least she claims he did. He claims she was so drunk she fell down and hit her head on the fender. Anyway these trials are normal. Miss Mary is out of the hospital and Robert appears okay. I may have to go into the hospital some time soon for an operation but that will have to await somebody else’s decision. Meanwhile, I am trying to have out a book of short stories in the fall but I doubt very much I will get it as the manuscript would have to be delivered in May and there is much work to be done on it.
What did you think of the Hawkes opus? I am supposed to go there in April and read on my way to Boston and if I get there, I will view them in their natural habitat but not stay with them.
My two new swans arrived and they look like a much younger pair than the last, have high voices and use them considerable. The weather has been too bad for me to get out and commune with them much.
Andrew Carl Sessions sent his godmother a picture of himself for Valentine’s in which he appears in cowboy hat, six-shooters etc. and looks like the old man without the learning. She was much impressed.
We are broke out with records now as Thomas sent me a box full out of his basement. All I can say about it is that all classical music sounds alike to me and all the rest of it sounds like the Beatles.
I am reading for the first time I’ll Take My Stand, the Agrarian Movement Manifesto which is out in a paperback. It’s a very interesting document. It’s futile of course like “woodman, spare that tree,” but still, the only time real minds have got together to talk about the South.
I know I’ve asked you not to bother about Heather anymore, but just curious, do you know how she is doing?
Gabriel and his wife, I keep thinking about her as his girlfriend, she looks too young to be his wife although I understand she is older than he is, arrived back in London fine and he is busy writing, at last. His English is remarkable considering that he was born and raised in Sweden. His girlfriend is a sweetie.
I may try to come by Ridgefield if I make it to Boston. We will have to see about the operation first, however. Wish me well.
Flannery.
:
It was in the middle of March. Gabriel and Barbro were on a short visit to Stockholm. The city was overrun by snow. The snow-clearing brigades, normally so efficient, were falling behind and children could be seen skiing and otherwise enjoying themselves on the sidewalks. Gabriel sat by his large window looking out at people fishing through the ice. The room was well heated and a sense of surreal comfort spread throughout. Everything was white. He opened Flannery’s book again and read:

“All novelists are fundamentally seekers and describers of the real, but the realism of each novelist will depend on his view of the ultimate reaches of reality.”

Thanks, sister, he thought. That is how real I must be, how far my reality must reach.
He looked out again, at the very real city below, at the very real children, one of them now falling over on skis too large for her, although she did not hurt herself, at the very real fishers on the ice, at the very real boats stuck in the ice, immobile until the April thaw sets it free. Strong hulls, he reflected.
He tried to remember, to picture again, the valley, the grass, the cottage, but found them hard to grasp. He got a flimsy notion of grass, but nowhere as real as the snow outside. So which is real? He read Flannery’s quote again, but still could not decide.
:
Flannery next wrote Fiona McCullough on March 28th, 1964:

Dear Fiona,
I can scratch you out this kind of note anyway but if you are like me when I see one of your handwritten communications, you will just wish it would go away. As far as the operation goes, I suspect it has kicked up the lupus again. Anyway, I am full of infection and am back on the steroids. Possibly I will end up at Piedmont. I hope not. Piedmont is a little more antiseptic socially than this country hospital here. You don’t, as I recollect, hear what groans are being groaned in other rooms. Here there was an old lady across the hall from me who had been in the hospital since last November. She was about 92. Whenever they touched her, she roared LORD LORD LORD in the voice of a stevedore. At night when she coughed a nurse came in also in a voice you could hear anywhere and said “Pit that old stuff out, Sugar. Pit it out. Pit that old stuff out. Pit it out, Sugar,” etc.
Yesterday we went to the doctor’s office—same scene as in “Revelation” but nobody in there but us and two old countrymen—about 6 ft tall & skin and bones in overalls. They just had a talk. The first one said, “Six months from now this here room will be half full of niggers” . . . “Aw,” says the other one, “it ain’t the niggers so much. It’s them high officials. Jest take the money away from them high officials & you won’t have no trouble. All it is is money.” Cassius Clay says he don’t like all this talk about hate. Says, a tiger come in the room with you you gonna either run or shoot him. That don’t mean you hate the tiger. It just means you know you and him can’t make out. Did you see Cassius interviewed by Eric Sevareid on CBS? Worth seeing.
The doctor couldn’t tell much, though—or wouldn’t tell much. Still, I could see by his demeanor that he was not coming out with it. I’ll be surprised if I’m alive six months from now.
Flannery
:
Then on 30th of April, 1964:

Dear Fiona,
Don’t pay too much attention to my good uncle in the matter of people’s health. Rigor Mortis has to have started setting in before he sees any serious difficulty. He was dying to call you up and tell you but I wouldn’t let him as I have this real high blood pressure and am not supposed to have company, although the door has opened several times & somebody I haven’t seen in twenty years has burst in.
They seem to think I’ll be here another week. Cheers.
Flannery
:
And on May 25th, 1964:

Dear Fiona,
I’m afraid the telephone would finish me off for good. Letters I can do, company I can now have for 10 minutes but telephone clobbers me the thought of. Only thing I would be tempted to use it for is to call up & ask how I am & be told I am resting comfortably and have peaceful days & nights! That’s the sweetest thing I ever heard, now ain’t it. Peaceful days & nights. My.
It sure don’t look like I’ll ever get out of this joint. By now I know all the student nurses who “want to write”’—if they are sloppy & inefficient & can’t make up the bed, that’s them—they want to write. “Inspirational stuff I’m good at,” said one of them. “I just get so take up with it I forget what I am writing.”
If you have the time, I would like to see you.
Flannery
:
The same day Flannery wrote a letter to Gabriel:

Dear Gabriel,
I can hold on perhaps another two months, not longer. The bear has pretty much ruined this shell of a body I still have to call mine. He is not too happy about it, and neither am I. It is not pleasant, dying. But I will say this, it has kept me awake, he has not let me fall under the blanket, not ever for a second, or at least not very far, and then right back out again. I don’t know how he does it, how he himself stays awake.
Please write something, a story, a poem, anything, and send it to me. I would like to see what you can do now. I would like to know that you will make it.
Meanwhile, as Death makes great inroads upon your sister, I will try to observe him as much as possible, to see if I can chronicle him for you. Who knows, it might come in handy.
I’ll stop here. Even this much writing is a strain, and—as you can tell—I am no longer up to using a typewriter, if they would allow one in this hospital.
I hope to hear from you soon.
Flannery
:
Gabriel read the letter again, then looked out across Fenchurch street, where a grocery store owner was having his building repainted. He could smell the red mixture all the way from where he was sitting. The building was certainly coming alive though.
Barbro had gone home to Stockholm for her cousin’s graduation, and would be gone another week, at the most. He had had several days of pure solitude in which to grant what he really perceived as Flannery’s last request.
Her letter had done him good, stirred him awake, something her little book tended to do as well. But it seemed to grow harder with each day, harder to grasp that sense of self which knew where he had come from. It was so much easier to look around the room, and his books, and at Barbro, and simply bow to reality: this is who I am, nothing more. But her letter had stirred him again, all the way, and sitting with it in his hand he marveled at how insidiously the blanket worked, how unnoticeably it wrapped itself around you, like mold, and told you some tales while making you forget others.
He had not been able to write anything meaningful, however. “I would like to know that you will make it,” she wrote. That he was good enough, in other words. That he had mastered the craft. Christ, at eighteen? What did she expect? Then, as if a drape was brushed aside again by her letter: of course she’s right. I’m not eighteen at all, I am not this Gabriel at all. I’m not even the Conrad Gabriel. I am the real Gabriel.
Still, he could not start, could think of nothing to write about.
He stood up and walked over to his bookshelf, searching for inspiration. He found Conrad’s A Personal Record, a grim little book that stirred memories. He was looking for a certain section, which he had underlined. Found it. Read it again:

All I know, is that for twenty months, neglecting the common joys of life that fall to the lot of the humblest on this earth, I had, like the prophet of old, ‘wrestled with the Lord’ for my creation, for the headlands of the coast, for the darkness of the Placid Gulf, the light on the snows, the clouds on the sky, and for the breath of life that had to be blown into the shapes of men and women, of Latin and Saxon, of Jew and Gentile. These are, perhaps, strong words, but it is difficult to characterise otherwise the intimacy and the strain of a creative effort in which mind and will and conscience are engaged to the full, hour after hour, day after day, away from the world, and to the exclusion of all that makes life really lovable and gentle—something for which a material parallel can only be found in the everlasting sombre stress of the westward winter passage round Cape Horn. For that too is the wrestling of men with the might of their Creator, in a great isolation from the world, without the amenities and consolations of life, a lonely struggle under a sense of overmatched littleness, for no reward that could be adequate, but for the mere winning of a longitude. Yet, a certain longitude, once won, cannot be disputed. The sun and the stars and the shape of your earth are the witnesses of your gain; whereas a handful of pages, no matter how much you have made them your own, are at best but an obscure and questionable spoil. Here they are. ‘Failure’—‘Astonishing’: take your choice; or perhaps both, or neither—a mere rustle and flutter of pieces of paper settling down in the night, and undistinguishable, like the snowflakes of a great drift destined to melt away in sunshine.

He remembered writing that. Remembered the struggle of writing that very paragraph, as if it, and not his fiction, was the real creation that had to be wrestled from a jealous Lord. And then he knew what to write for Flannery. It would not be a story, it would be a poem, about returning. He wrote:

Concerning Wolves

We’ve been lost and
running since these
many moons ago

Where we are
and how we came
is not for me to know

Through the rage
of heartless weather
wrought by skies unkind

We still race
to keep the pace
for what we hope
our final run will find

Crossing the tundra
fighting the snow
trusting instinct
where to go

Perilous mountains
rise in our path
urging the gods
to vent their wrath

Loping through
these ancient forests
full moon on the rise

casting shadow
'neath our flight
that we may realize

that for all the
wooded darkness
light may still betray

what we are
and what we seek
and what this aged voice
may never say

Fording the rivers
besting their chill
finding the air
colder still

Thirsting for sunrise
we rest on the run
cursing the clouds
that shield the sun

We are hunters of an open country
seen by our hearts and dreams
and by the hunger chasing us

Restless eyes and distant skyline
melt into night that seems
kin to the season facing us

On the wind
our fathers whisper
that the path is true

but with cold
and empty belly
hard to keep in view

Still the deep
and vibrant calling
surges to the fore

Lick your wounds
and quell your pain
the trail is long
you'll run forever more

Racing your shadow's
speeding grace
urging the pack
to keep the pace

Leaping the chasms
plunging the deep
ceding your life
the pace to keep

Winds are fading
with the darkness
dawn is near at hand

Chasms rise
and mountains part
to yield their hinterland

Blinded by the
sudden stillness
shivering I see

No more wolf
no more life
no more always running
left for me

Facing the shadow
I hoist my pride
I reach the well
deep inside

Mythical water
you slake my thirst
I surge to light
as shackles burst

:
Flannery put the letter down and wondered how come he knew so well: “I surge to light as shackles burst.” Her shackles were bursting, from pain to be sure, but bursting nonetheless. And she was surging to light, to her own so much truer self.
And then she did something she had not done very often. She cried softly. It was from loss and relief both. The loss of having to leave him here, alone. The loss of Heather. The relief of knowing that if Gabriel could stay awake, he could, no, he would make it.
:
The fall of 1964 was the fall that Heather set fire to Frank. Frank, however, did survive, and that is how Heather become his nurse for life, the grass and the small house at the edge of the valley forgotten even by her dreams.
:
The fall of 1964 was the fall that Gabriel saw the Beatles live in London and began searching for the author of the quote: “Life without music would be a mistake.” Something he had read or heard as Conrad, but could not for the life of him put his finger on.
It would not be until 1969 that he found out that it had been said, or written, by Nietzsche, someone he had not at all suspected.



The fall of 1964 was the fall that Flannery left. On August 2nd she went into a coma and on August 3rd her kidneys, hugged to death by bearish tendrils, failed, and Flannery returned to the valley. The bear, however, did not. He went to London.
:
On August 11th, 1964, Gabriel received the following little poem in an envelope addressed to him by a shaky hand, though unmistakably Flannery’s, and mailed to him by Regina, two days after Flannery’s departure (as she had promised Flannery she would). The envelope contained nothing else, just a blank sheet of paper, folded around the little scrap of paper, upon which was scrawled by a young hand, also unmistakably Flannery’s:

I'm a little angle
I lack a certain grace,
My hands are always dirty
And I never wash my face.


That was all the notification Gabriel got.
He had expected more. In one of her letters she had promised him a chronicle of Death’s inroads on her, as she had put it, but if she had kept a record, she didn’t send it. Just as well, he thought. Probably just as well.
He re-folded the little poem in its long settled creases, and placed it in the book she had given him for Christmas. Then he wept for his sister.
:
Heather never found out. Fiona McCullough approached her once in late September of 1964 to inform her, but Heather must have mistaken her for some official or other, for she looked at her startled and afraid and refused to stop and talk even when Fiona called out her name. Fiona, who moved to New York City the following spring, never saw Heather again.
:
Christmas Eve 1964 was picture perfect. The snow started falling on Christmas Eve morning and it continued to fall, quite heavily, but gaily nonetheless, all day. By evening, which arrived early in Stockholm, the city was draped in a quilt of perfect white, turning almost blue in the fading light. Carolers strolled the cobblestoned streets of Old Town, hushed now by a million flakes, advent candles and Christmas stars shone in most every window. It was not too cold to venture out, nor so warm the snow might melt. It was, simply, as Soren Wallengard put it, “the finest damn Christmas Eve I have ever seen, and I’ve seen a few, ha, ha,” and with that he raised his glass of glogg, hot and reeking with spices, in a toast to Christmas, and to the couple back from London for the holidays, and to the excellent news that Barbro was expecting a baby.
Everyone was cheerful, warmed by love and drink, with laughter bubbling here and there in a warm and festive room where only the bear wore a frown, but no one could see him. Not even Gabriel.
Barbro was shining with the promise of motherhood.
:
On their return to London life became the new baby, long before it arrived. It appeared that Barbro’s many talents had finally found their focus and she now knew what she was put on earth to do: to raise children. Nothing, nothing, could be more important. Not even Gabriel’s writing, no, not even that.
Luckily, she thought, Gabriel agreed.
The second bedroom was to become the nursery, of course. The problem was money. Of course Soren was helping, but not supporting them. Were they to move back to Stockholm, well, that would be another matter. Then they could live in his apartment, which was certainly big enough for another little one, ha, ha, and Gabriel could go back to the Academy, no?
Oh, Gabriel had thought about that offer, and about little else, the last few days before they were due to return. In the end, however, a deeper need had demanded that he go back, if for no other reason than to finish learning the language, something he felt he really had to do, although, of course, on some level, he knew it better than most.
Back in London the problem now was money, and Gabriel got himself a part-time job in a local bookstore, which soon became a full-time job, to make enough of it.
Barbro worked too, but only part time, and would soon quit altogether, to get ready.
“Surely you will have the baby at home,” said her mother over the phone.
“No, Mom, we’re having it in London.”
“But why?”
“This is our home, Mom.”
Had it been up to her, she would have loved to go home for the May delivery, but Gabriel insisted on staying, not himself quite knowing why. It had something to do with Flannery O’Connor and the little book she had given him.
Then Gabriel stopped writing altogether, and that tipped the scales for the bear. He had seen enough and made up his mind. Flannery may not have approved of his methods, but she would have approved of his aim.
:
“Gabriel,” she said, walking into the nursery where he was busy removing old wallpaper which revealed an even older wallpaper, which exposed one older still, before he finally got to the bare wall.
“Gabriel,” she repeated.
He put down the scraper and turned around.
“Something’s wrong,” she said.
The bear’s long tendrils had grown little fangs and were now seeping into her kidney and heart and liver a tiny stream of poison. Too small to be detected as such, but plenty enough to cause the symptoms.
She stood in the doorway, leaning heavily against the jamb. Small pearls of sweat glistened on her brow. Her face was sallow in the bare light of the bulb.
“What’s wrong sweetnose?” he asked. “The baby?”
“No, I don’t think so,” she said. “It’s me.”
With that she took a step forward to reach his arms, but she did not make it. She collapsed on the floor by his feet.
:
She was diagnosed with lupus. Or as the pedantic Indian doctor explained to Gabriel in his strange accent, “She has developed a rather advanced case of systemic lupus erythematosus. It is an inflammatory disease affecting connective tissue of joints and internal organs. Her liver is affected, as are her kidneys.”
“Cancer?” asked Gabriel, who did not understand.
“No,” said the doctor, “not cancer. Lupus.”
“Lupus.”
For several seconds Gabriel could not breathe. The realization was too colossal, its weight impossible to bear. That is how Flannery went. He was suddenly wide awake: the bear!
Gabriel looked around the doctors office, not expecting to see him there, and he did not. But he did see him in Barbro’s bedroom. Even when they moved her back to Stockholm for what they hoped was better treatment. The bear was with her. And there was nothing Gabriel could say or do that would stop him from killing his wife.
By the end of March, the fetus was declared “non-viable,” poisoned by its mother’s blood. They had to remove the fetus surgically. It was an operation the mother did not survive.
:
Heather changed the morphine drip. Frank was sitting immobile in his wheel chair. Much of his face was still bandaged. His arms and legs likewise. But he could sit up now and insisted on doing so, no matter how painful. Well, as long as the morphine could handle it.
“The bastard isn’t going to hit anyone now, is he?” said Ralph, her younger brother, loud enough for him to hear, wanting him to hear.
If Frank heard, he didn’t show. Or didn’t care. Morphine made you happy that way.
“Oh, Ralph,” said Heather. “How can you say that. Look at him. He’s suffering very much.”
“Not nearly enough,” said Ralph.
Heather didn’t answer, just turned away to face her father, her poor father.
:
The funeral was on a cold Sunday in April. Though it had not snowed in the night, it had threatened too. Gabriel had smelled it in the air as he had walked along Barnhusviken’s still icy water, black here and there as the ice had broken to let the water breathe once again. He had not slept since Tuesday, when Barbro had died at Karolinska Hospital. Yes, he had tried, often, but could not find the handle on sleep, or rather, could not let go of the handle of awake. And he still saw the bear now and again. Why didn’t he just get the hell out of there.
But he didn’t. And even now, as they lowered the caskets, the large one for Barbro, and the very small one for her unborn daughter, their unborn daughter—Soren had insisted on it—he could glimpse the bear by a tree, looking cold among the little snow flurries kicked up by the wind. He did not look happy, only effective.
Soren and Ann-Marie, cried quietly. Gabriel had no tears left. He was cold and empty. To the point of exhaustion.
That evening he finally fell asleep, robbed of his life. He slept for nearly forty hours.
The bear did not return to Flannery’s valley.
:
Gabriel took the ferry back to England. They had flown back from London, of course, to reach a Swedish hospital as soon as possible.
Now he stood by the rail and looked out at the North Sea, much the way they had stood here almost two years ago, although the sun had shone then, on calmer waters. The sea was quite wild now, and the rain was attacking the choppy surface.
“Of course I’ll marry you,” she had said. “But not until you know English better than the English.”
Not until he knew English better than the English.
He was going back to settle things; or at least, that is what he had told Soren and Ann-Marie. In his heart, however, he knew he was going back to stay. Without Barbro there was nothing for him in Stockholm. Without writing there was nothing for him in life, and his writing—he was sure—had, like Conrad’s, like Flannery’s, to be in English.
:
He had avoided the nursery since his return. There was only the closed door, brown and shut between now and a life lost. Weeks of unwillingness to accept.
But now he had opened it, and he stood in the doorway, unmoving and looking in on the devastation: the half-stripped wall, the strips and scraps of old wallpaper on the floor, the foul smelling paint remover, its lid still on the floor, the bare floorboards, that’s right, they were to put in a new carpet too.
Where is Barbro now, he thought. Does she know about the valley, Flannery’s valley, about Flannery and Heather, perhaps. He didn’t think so. She was probably busy getting born again, oblivious to him standing here, her memories sealed shut by the blanket. Then he thought of Swedenborg’s wonderful thought: that a man and wife who truly loved each other become one and the same angel in heaven. Ah, if he could only believe that. But now there was always the bear. Not touching him, not hurting him in any way, but watching, always.
His thought had been to clean the room up, in preparation for leaving—he would relocate, south perhaps, or north, or, in any case: away. But now, as he surveyed the nursery again, he made up his mind: he would not run. He would confront, accept, and he would put his new life in here, this would become his study. His library, his world of writing. Ignoring the bear, who seemed—in his taciturn way—to approve, he took one step into the room and bent down to pick up the lid to the bottle of paint remover.
:
I still live in our Fenchurch Street flat, I have for the last twenty odd years. And I still think of it as ours. I have become what’s known as a fixture in this building. I’m their secret and their pride and joy, as Mrs. Emerson on the first floor put it just the other day. And they protect me. After all these years, they—those who know who I am—protect me.
Let me clarify: Early on I took an important cue from Thomas Pynchon, that American master of elusion. When my first novel was accepted in 1968, I had only two demands, that I be paid well enough to continue writing full-time, and that I was to remain anonymous. No interviews, no pictures, ever. It was my first editor that brought that about. “This is so great,” he said, patting the manuscript, “you’ll be more famous than the Beatles.” Of course he was kidding, to a large extent anyway, but I still saw the danger, clearly: If I were to become anywhere near as good at this as I planned to, I would become what they call a celebrity, and fame, I realized, was something to be avoided at all costs. Some celebrities I could name are more famous for being famous than for what brought them to fame in the first place. Long and short, if I were to carry out my mission, I needed to write, not to strut in (or fighting to stay out of) the limelight. So, anonymity at all costs, that was my price. And the wherewithal to write full-time.
Eight novels and four story collections later I am still with the same publisher, and they have, despite enormous pressure to give me up—the public has a right to know, being the sword normally wielded—to the press and television, held up their end of the bargain. And to those souls in the building who know who I am, my sincere thanks, they have protected the secret as well.

In all these years I’ve had only one major run-in with my publisher, and my agent for that matter. We were offered some ungodly amount of money for the BBC to serialize my second novel, but I refused. “In fact,” I said, “I will not have any of my stories filmed, in any fashion. They are written to be read.”
“But the wider market. The appeal,” protested my agent.
“The wider market can read,” I said.
“The majority of the film goers or television viewers do not,” she answered.
“Well, they can learn.”
For a few months, while the BBC kept adding to the pot, thinking my reluctance was simply a negotiating ploy, things remained tense. Until, finally, my agent gave me an ultimatum: go with the filming, or he would resign.
My new agent was more understanding, in fact, she agreed with my philosophy, and has had it written into every deal since that none of my stories are to leave the domain of print. It is where they belong, and where they will stay as long as the copyrights belong to me.

I am now what you’d call a household name. And a mystery. Enigma, say some. Others have picked up on the epithet the dailies use: the Scarlet Pimpernel, the one out-eluding Pynchon. Suits me just fine. Lets me write.

I add to Elements of Fiction now and then as I stumble upon things to highlight the craft, and I open Flannery’s little book, and read her little poem, at least once a day. A sort of ritual.

The bear is still here. Invisible mostly. Quite pleased with my progress it seems. I’m staying awake without his help, which seems to surprise him, pleasantly. Surprises me too, very pleasantly.

And while we’re on the subject of surprises. My brother, yes, Netoniel, showed up one day. Don’t know how on earth he found me (pun intended). The doorbell rang, well, it’s no longer a bell, I’ve had it changed to a soft gong, so it gonged, and I went to the door and opened it. Still one foot or more in the story in progress at the time, I could not place the fellow’s face, although it seemed faintly familiar.
“Not letting me in, are you?” he said after a silence long enough to be awkward, I guess.
“Not letting in whom, exactly?” I wondered.
“Ah, come on,” he said, and held out his arms as if to embrace me.
“No, I’m serious,” I said. “Who the hell are you?”
“Your brother, Gabriel. Netoniel.”
That brought both feet firmly out of the story and onto the hallway floor.
“Netoniel,” I said.
“Yes.”
“I should kill you—if that were possible.”
“Flannery’s words, precisely.”
I stepped aside to let him in. He glided past me, more like a prospective buyer, surveying the flat, than visitor.
“How is she?” I asked.
“Back here, I hear,” he said.
“What?”
“Yes.”
“Where?”
“Don’t know, really.”
“You really don’t know?” I asked.
He turned toward me and said, “On my honor.” And I believed him.
Though I still added, “Or what’s left of it.”
“Tut-tut,” he said.
“How is she? You’ve seen her?”
“Briefly.”
“When?”
“Few years ago.”
“How is she?” For the third time.
“A little miffed at the bear,” he said.
I nodded.
“Speaking of which,” he said. “Is he still around?”
“Yes,” I said. And left it at that.
“She told me what you’re up to. Well, the three of you. Very gallant.”
“Very necessary.”
“Yes, well, I guess,” he conceded.
“This is your doing,” I said, and he had no problem understanding what I was referring to.
“Mea culpa,” he agreed. A little insincerely.
“But?”
“But what?”
“But, it’s not a big deal, is that what you’re saying?”
“Well, is it? It’s just a planet.”
“No, Netoniel, it is a big deal. It’s not ‘just a planet.’ It’s billions of souls, literally. Trapped.”
“Well, I didn’t mean for this to happen, if that’s any consolation.”
“I don’t care about consolation, but I could do with a hand.”
Which he chose to ignore. Completely.
“How’s Heather?” he asked me. Which surprised me.
“Don’t know, to be honest.” Which was the truth.
“Heard her father died, finally.”
“I didn’t know.”
“And she moved to Los Angeles doing something or other.”
“Does she remember?” I asked.
“Not a bit.”
I shook my head.
“Though I hear she’s an avid reader of my brother’s stories.”
“Where do you get this from?”
“Looking. Listening. Staying away from this place.”
“You have not come to help,” I said.
“Just checking to see how you’re doing.”
“And,” I said, realizing that he would actually know. “How am I doing?”
He gave me a strange look. As if my question was either unanswerable or too simple to deserve an answer. Finally he deigned one, “Would I be here if you didn’t?”
“Didn’t what?” He didn’t make sense.
“If you weren’t making good progress.”
And, sadly, I saw his point. Safe enough now to visit. I was making progress, in other words. Ever Netoniel. Still, it cheered me to hear his cowardice sing so clearly. A great deal, actually.
“And you?” I asked. “Staying on for a bit?”
“Nope. Just a quick in and out.”
I nodded again. “I thought so.”
Then, the last of his surprises: “Gabriel,” he said. “I am sorry about this mess. If there was something I felt would help, I might just volunteer, but I don’t have your gift, or your tenacity, and what you’re doing, is, well, the only way.”
Too stunned, I guess, to answer, I saw him smile, take a last look around the flat, head for the door, “Well, ta-ta, then.” And was gone.

I have managed to track down Heather. Netoniel was right. She’s living outside Los Angeles with husband and two children. Apparently content.
I have not contacted her. I fear that she, at least in her current state, would not recognize me as Gabriel, and also that she would spill my identity beans.
But I get monthly reports.
:
I read again what I have just written. It’s not a bad story. No. Perhaps it is in fact very good. As usual, though, I find it hard to tell. While writing I keep insufficient distance to be objective. Well, what writer does? For me it takes anywhere from days to weeks to sometimes months to get far enough away from my story to actually see what is there. But my editor will tell me.
I hope, though, as I do with every story, that this one will find and touch more souls than my last one. That it will stir more souls awake. That the television viewership will decline further. That more strands will dissolve.
I turn again to the first page and read the all-important opening paragraph once again, just to make sure it does say exactly what I want to say. It does: Once upon a time there were three children who wanted to save the world.

And, oh, by the way. As of two months ago, I have a new editor. Her name is Flannery.

::




About the Author


Raised in Northern Sweden (by trolls), Ulf Wolf is now California-based.

To date he has written seven novels, four novellas, and two scores of stories. More underway.

You can reach him at ulfwolf@gmail.com

Other books by Ulf Wolf:

Tathāgata — A Four Volume Novel
The Faces of Harriet Brown — a Novel
He Fell Through Clouds — a Novel
Storm — a Novel
The Katha Upanishad — a Novel
Love Thyself Last — a Novel
A Larry Comes — a Novella
Only The Albatross Remembers — a Novella
Boil a Manchild for Odin — a Novella
Seven True Lies — a Seven Story Collection
Two Dark Truths — a Two Story Collection


