Storm


Ulf Wolf

Smashwords Edition
October 2012

Copyright


Storm
Copyright 2011 by Wolfstuff


All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.



Smashwords License Notes


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Part I — Approach


::1::
They say Jesus Kristus was untouched.
You learn it in school, you hear it from parents, from grandparents—from them especially—from friends, and from preachers; you read it in the Bible: Jesus Kristus was the first to, and the only one ever to, escape, ascend, transcend, what have you, the Storm. He was the first ever to rise above it unscathed, as they like to put it on the late-night TV preacher-shows, especially now with a new Storm approaching; although unscathed means the same as untouched, just has more of a bite to it, and these late-night TV preachers like biting.
And not only was Kristus untouched or unscathed, they go on to tell you, he was conceived beyond the Storm—or unconceived—is how the Bible puts it in many places—although born in December, mind you. He was Stormless, is how I like to think of it when I believe the most. Sometimes I believe less, or not at all, and then I don’t really care how He is thought of.
Grandma, who always believed—hungrily, thirstily—used to say He was beyond the Storm: “Jesus Kristus was beyond the Storm,” she would say, with a sigh, with a blissful little expulsion of air, with an upward longing, her eyes moist, seeing not what was there right in front of her, but instead looking at (or for) some private heaven, some longed for ecstasy. Beyond it, she’d sigh. Beyond it and Untouched, is what she kept telling me since as far back as I can remember. Hungrily, thirstily.
And not only Untouched, she’d go on—and when I was little there was no getting away from her—Kristus was the first to see the Storm for what it was, was the first to call it by its real name: Temptation. That’s the name she gave it, and often. As does the Bible, and all those preachers, too.
Temptation. Temptation. Temptation.
But let me tell you, the Storm is more than temptation. This word, this thing, temptation, if you really look at it, implies a choice, does it not? Doesn’t it promise you some say in the matter? How can the Storm be a temptation if you have no choice? But Jesus Kristus, too, uses that word. I’ve seen it in print. And so she did, as well, Grandma did. And often.
“The Storm is temptation,” she’d say. “It is Nature’s test of the spirit.”
And it is also the command to make more of us, Grandma would often add, in the form of desire: the urge to people God’s beautiful planet with more of us. And that little heavenward sigh. She was so blissful, especially when she had me in her clutches.
Of course, that’s what they teach you in school as well. The Storm is nature’s way to make sure we go on. Without it there would be no more of us, no humanity, no babies, no sir. That’s what I was taught, and that’s what they still teach, as far as I know. And who’s to argue? It’s true enough, that’s plain. The proof lies in the sea-of-babies pudding come December.
Still, Jesus Kristus does urge temperance. In many places. I don’t find that surprising, really. What I find surprising is that He never urged abstinence, not that I can find—though those biting late-night preachers swear He said it. They go on about it. And on about it. But I have not read Him say it. What I have read Him say is: let the Storm enter only for the sake of offspring, only deeply enough to spawn.
That accomplished, He says, shun it. Do no invite it, He says—as if we are inviting the Storm.
In other places Kristus warns against “indulgence.” That is how the New Testament puts it, and therefore Grandma, too. Indulgence.
Before He arrived to save us these couple of thousand years ago—the New Testament goes on to explain—the Season, or the Storm—one word’s as good as the other—was nothing but one long orgy. Nothing but a month of sexual revel and abandon.
Which pretty much hits what happens these days right on the nail. As if the New Testament had never been written, or read. Just so much old paper, even if gilt-edged, like Grandma’s Bible.
Yes, He warned us about that, Kristus did. He warned us about the dangers of letting go—which is how you indulge: you let go. And when you let go you become inhuman, which I’ve always found to be a strange word to use in that context. One of his Disciples, Luke, I think—or is it Matthew?, now I’m not sure—uses the word unhuman instead, equally strange but for some reason it seems to fit better. It is the same thing though: inhuman, unhuman. Grandma had another word for it: Beastly. She liked to say that word: beastly. Again and again. Beastly.
But I do know what He is talking about. What He’s talking about is letting go, about letting let the Storm take over. To open yourself up wide, to offer no resistance, to let the Storm enter fully. To let it rage. Perhaps that’s what Kristus means by invite.
Lately, I’ve come to think that perhaps what Kristus means by inviting is agreeing. And that what He means to say is that we are not animals. Not beastly. We are better than, higher than, stronger than, finer than the beasts. That we, being human and not un-, have a choice, where animals don’t. But that’s where I return to square one, for I don’t think we have a choice. I don’t think the Storm is a temptation, no matter what Kristus says, Untouched and all. I think it is an imperative.
Something that occurred to me a long time ago is this: how would He know? If He indeed was untouched, if He was never seared by that awful (or wonderful) heat, how would He know, truly know, what the Storm was like? How could He call it a temptation if He had not been tempted? That’s what I’d like to know. And that’s one question Grandma never got around to answering—she could be very hard of hearing when she chose to, could Grandma, looking around to see where the noise was coming from, not finding it, giving up, changing the subject—although, as I grew older, I got around to asking it often enough.
Had He been Touched, and then ascended—shaking himself free of the Storm—well, that’s one thing. But He’s always Untouched, as in Never Touched. That’s what bothers me.
Sometimes—especially as the Season draws near—I think the Bible, and especially the New Testament, is just a gathering of lofty off-Season notions. Lots of good intentions—which I hear the road to Hell is paved with. Notions that perhaps meant something to ancient saints and crazy hermits but which don’t mean much to normal people at the best of times, and nothing at all to anyone once the Season arrives; and by normal people, I should add, I mean the vast majority who have not—unlike me—been neutered.
Still, that’s the message: Normal people are to strive for these lofty things: temperance, abstinence, harmony, ascension. Says the Lord, and His Apostles, and the many preachers you see more and more of on television the closer the Season draws. We’re to ascend the beastly and the animal in us for the lofty and unreachable, for the ultra human, the Untouched. We’re to move, like Kristus, beyond.
The plain truth—which I sometimes like to look straight in the face and be real honest about; it actually gives me a thrill—the plain truth that these lofty feats are quite impossible, if my experience is anything to go by, seems to escape them, these early ante meridiem evangelists.
Untouched. It’s a sweet word, and Grandma sure believed it to be a true one. This theoretical and hoped for word. This unattainable beauty. That’s what the Bible is full of. Things unattainable. I wish they could be. But in this world, so full of tables and chairs—and this table and this chair in particular, and this pen and paper, and this elbow which hurts a little when I write too much—here in this world it’s hard to conceive of. Untouched. Even for a neutered like me, it’s hard to envision.
Though I do try, believe me, I do try.
:
I used to be not neutered.
I used to be normal. For eleven Seasons I used to be normal. From my first Season at fifteen to my last Season at twenty-five I was as un-neutered as the next guy. Then I grew sick and tired of it, disgusted with the whole thing, with the whole crazy thing. I could not handle it anymore.
Besides, the money came in handy.
Well, the thing is, I never was much good at fighting, or at asserting myself, and you must be average, at least, in that department, if not slightly above average—survival of the fittest and all—to have much success with the female of our species. For come the Season, there is always competition. Always. There are always others. Which is odd when you stop to think about it; I mean, statistically there are more women than men in the world.
Be that as it may, during my Seasons there were always others, and hardly ever were there any left over for me. They were always spoken for. Always some above-average prowler to tell me to get the fuck out of here kid, or he’d beat me up—or threatened to, if I didn’t vanish, now. And if I didn’t move, which sometimes I didn’t—the need is tremendous—he’d come at me. Then I’d move, fast. He’d still give chase, pissed now, but I’m hard to catch, for I’m very fast on my feet, or was.
And all I wanted was to. Like everyone else.
So what do you do? With your lower half in turmoil, burning with the wonderful, hateful, urge we call the Storm. What do you do? When you must pierce and expel, and would do nearly anything—no, not nearly anything, when you would do anything.
And running for your life, threats of violence still fresh in your ear, pursuing you like angry birds.
What do you do?
Let me tell you what you do. You find your way home, is what you do, you lock all doors, and then you help yourself, that’s what you do. You empty the bucket once, twice, perhaps three times to you gain a modicum of peace before your nether regions regroup and begin screaming again. And repeat. And repeat.
Ejaculation is always nice, of course. But for all that warm pain, for all those deeply swimly feelings it drags along—as if swimly’s even a word—my Seasons were not so pleasant on the whole.
For my eleven un-neutered Season were nothing but month-long fevers where all I could think about was copulation. Eleven Seasons mostly spent cooped up in my room, with a lot of ventilating (a clever euphemism, that—much used in advertising). And I mean a lot.
Seriously, despite those white rivers of ejaculation, I really did not enjoy those Seasons.
I came upon a good word for it the other day: monomaniacal. Look it up, that’s what it was like. Those months of March. Those eleven Marches.
Monomaniacal. A very good word for it. Mono, one, single, alone. Maniacal, having a mania, an obsession. It comes from the Greek, meaning then, loss of reason—how appropriate. And earlier than that it meant rage. Even more appropriate. The one rage. The only rage. The only thing to really exists.
For, you see, nothing else matters. Yes, every now and then you get hungry, and then you eat something; you get thirsty once in a while, and then you find something to drink. And you sleep off and on. But other than that, there is only the one thing on your mind. It becomes your mind, your room, your world.
God has seen to that. Gods’ somewhat cynical gift to man. That’s what the Old Testament calls it. Well, it does not say cynical, of course, but it calls the Storm a gift. I say cynical. As if He didn’t trust His creation to make more of us without it, this gift. God making sure.
Monomaniacal.
“Eve’s fault,” says Grandma. And really means it.
I know you’re wondering, so I might as well get it out of the way: The answer is “yes.” Four times.
Three of the four women were my age (two of which I had to pay good money for).
The fourth was my mom’s age, and where the word rape (or as we normally call it: UnInvited Intercourse, or UII)—springs to mind, and where I was the rapee, if that’s even a word; though perhaps it wasn’t all that uninvited, let’s just say that she didn’t stop to ask, and would not have accepted no for an answer.
Details? Not so much of that. Just the urge to. Nothing, nothing, nothing is more important in the entire world to you (or her) once you get going. All else ceases.
Once you lock onto each other with the understanding that, yes, it is going to happen, you’re like some heat-seeking missile that’s found a target, no way to call it back now, it’s going to pursue and copulate.
At times during these eleven Season the urge grew so intense, so searing, so all-encompassing, that I caught my self astounded, observing myself in amazement, taking myself in: how can anything be so driven, so compelled.
Just for a flash this would last, this stepping outside in amazement. A second or two, then back again into the drowning.
Looking back at these moments, I’ve thought that perhaps it was the spirit moving out of my body to take an amused look, but I don’t know, it happened so fast. All I am really certain of is the amazement, the astonished at. That you can be so out of control, or so completely in control, depending on viewpoint, on who’s doing the controlling.
Now, let’s clear up another point, an important one: Neutered is not the same as Untouched. For even once you’ve had it done, the Storm still touches you. Only thing is, you can’t do anything about it.
Not that they tell you this upfront, before the operation.
No, that’s a kept secret. In fact, before you have it done, they have you sign an agreement—in very small print and un-plain language—where you promise to not talk to anyone about how you feel after the operation.
Once you wake up after surgery, and before they let you leave, they give you a little booklet—which you have to read then and there and then hand back to them—that explains, in much clearer language, what you’ve agreed to, and how you will feel. Not Untouched, is how you feel.
And the secret you agreed not to share with anyone is this: it still aches. It doesn’t burn or rage like it used to, no. And it doesn’t take over and drive you like it used to. It’s receded to an ache, dull enough to let you function.
 It’s like you’re a tall building and your way down there basement is  smoldering, unpleasantly hot.
There is nothing you can do about this ache. After a while it aches less, though it still aches. After five years—yes, it’s been five years now—it still aches.
I must confess that sometimes I think that Jesus Kristus was nothing but another neutered—or gelding, as we’re sometimes called. And that’s what a lot of people say, especially those who don’t believe in Him, or who haven’t read the Bible, and who say that Jesus Kristus and the Bible is a lot of hogwash. Yes, it’s true, sometimes I think He was nothing but some neutered person with a big mouth and a bunch of industrious hangers-on.
But then the off-Season returns, and the ache goes away altogether, and I find easier to believe, to once again see him as the Untouched, as the unconceived preacher of moderation. As the unattainable I wish for more than anything else.
For the off-Season is so very different.
:
Once the Season ends—officially with the last day of March, even though sporadic incidents usually straggle into April—the cleanup begins. People have calmed down by now, though they tend to walk around a little stunned for the first couple of days, like what on Earth? They smile meekly at neighbors, drive carefully, take in the mess, the breakage, the neglect, the garbage (which usually piles way up even though we have a small army of neutereds to run the Sanitation Department and other such services during the Season).
And the damage assessment begins. City engineers, with the help of sometimes police, sometimes firemen or even the National Guard, take stock of the ruin and draw up plans for full restoration. They’re good at this, they do it every year.
Come the end of April, restoration is in full swing, and, depending on the severity of things, it’s usually complete by mid- to end of May; though last year June was almost over before everything was back to normal.
And so begins the Calm.
Well, officially it begins with the end of the Season, but you don’t really think of it as Calm until things are restored.
The Bible describes the Calm as “that Sea which does not ripple.” An apt enough description which is both true and untrue. If by ripple the Bible means sex—which I think it does—then it is true, very true: the Sea does not ripple, not in the least; for men and women no longer see each other as men and women, but as people, as humans, sans sex but for the fact that men usually urinate standing up while women sit down.
But if by ripple we include frictions and misunderstandings and upsets, then the Bible lies, that Sea still ripples: for people still disagree, conflicts do occur, fights do erupt, sometimes with lethal outcomes. Life—even if sex-less—is still a matter of survival; and what survives me may not necessarily survive you.
And there is a downside to those Calm conflicts—when they escalate beyond negotiation: they are never tempered by sex, for sex is nowhere to be found.
Tempered may not be the best word, but it’s as good as any, and will do, for of course sex tempers which during the Season acts as a dispersal which filters out everything but sex itself.
By contrast, off-Season disagreements strike me as pure, clinical. I sense the intent to injure for the sake of gain, and I look in vain for compassion or quarter is given. Off-Season animosity is undiluted, undispersed.
But so—and this is the upside of Calm conflicts—is rationality, and as often as not disputes are settled by an honest exchange of views, especially when guided by negotiators.
For the off-Season lets you think. It let’s you carry one thought from birth to conclusion, lets you foster it, guide it, grow and develop it, undisturbed, sometimes for hours. Rationality is possible.
And that’s—even before I was gelded—that’s when I would view things clearly again, and that’s when my faith in Him would restore for a good many months, until the next Season swept in, crazy with urge, doubts in tow. I mean, who can believe in fairy tales when Hell rages below and the world goes insane again all around you. It’s hard to hold onto your sanity then, much less your faith.
And that’s why—as I’ve tried to explain; that’s why I had myself neutered—or gelded, as some say. That and the money.


::2::
Harry caught his first heightened scent of the Season that morning. It was a dog in heat, some blocks away.
It was a few minutes before six and barely enough light to see by. The stars were still out in force, and the air was cold with just that hint of gasoline on it that said yesterday had been smoggy. Streaks of high amber hovered high in the eastern sky, beyond the mountains, climbing their far side. Though the night had been windy, there was no wind to speak of now, just the occasional stirring, shivers, memories. A thin layer of pine needles covered the lawn, and now had blown onto his covered porch as well. The roof would be full of them, too, he thought. May have to get up there later to sweep them down.
He had stepped out into the cool morning to save the paper before the sprinklers got to it, and as he bent down for the loosely stringed Los Angeles Times he caught it, as if the scent had been standing in wait for him, right there, and now suddenly moved to reveal itself.
Clear as a bell, it hit his nose with precision, a minor explosion of message.
Telling him his Season wasn’t far off now.
He’d been expecting it, of course—any day now—with one eye on the calendar as March approached. Still, it was with a slight quiver—a small physical shock that chilled him—that he recognized the aromatic clarity which for him was always the first sign. He rose, paper in hand, turned in the direction of the scent—a faint, flavored wind—closed his eyes, and took a deep breath through his nose, testing the air with purpose. And again.
More than likely: that white poodle. He’d seen her often—she’d usually bark at him as he jogged by—over on, what was it? Deerborne Street?, and now she was announcing her availability to the world. He nodded to himself. Yes, more than likely. What was her name?
There would be an unseen cloud of pheromones surrounding her, thinning as they sped away like some exploding little galaxy, soon to be discernable as far as a mile away by other dogs; discernable by Harry for several blocks once he reached Season peak.
He looked up at the sky, took another look at the beautiful clouds out east, already visibly lighter, took another deep breath—part sigh. Only a matter of days now.
He returned inside. Vixer looked up at him as he entered, just a brief glance involving no more than eyelids and eyes. Then he too caught the scent. His nostrils widened and his muzzle rose to test the air. Once, twice. His ears peaked. He looked back up at Harry who now was closing the door behind him, shutting out the scented breeze. Vixer sighed an oh, well and decided this was too early for him, anyway. Much too. His head sank down onto the carpet and he closed his eyes again. Crazy people, up at this time. Crazy dogs, too.
Harry tossed the paper onto the kitchen table, pulled out a chair, and sat down. Leaned forward to begin reading, but changed his mind. Instead he slumped back in the chair, looked out the window across the deck, across his back yard, his lawn, his plants, his trees, all gradually stepping into dawn now from the cover of night. The birds were up too, he could hear them discussing things among themselves.
And beyond these things—beyond this silently approaching spring morning—he imagined the Storm gathering.
When Harry thought of the approaching Season he pictured it like a flood, or like an avalanche, cloudy or dusty and distant, still rounding itself up, still building; like something you could hear advancing if you really listened: a nebulous but mammoth something, still the far side of the San Gabriel Mountains, upper desert somewhere, no, farther away than that: Nevada, Utah, Arizona, the far side of taller mountains, amassing, sweeping, almost quaking the earth as it spread out from some unknown mid-continent epicenter toward the Pacific, soon to reach the San Gabriels and scale them to then creep not so unhurriedly down the crevices and slopes this side of those silent hills to find Sierra Madre, Monrovia, Altadena, Pasadena, and from there on to the ocean, smothering everything in-between with lust.
A milky, almost metallic, unseeable fog, a miasmatic flash flood of Biblical proportions. Covering the Earth.
Approaching.
He shivered, as if to clear himself of the image, sat up, reached for the paper again, and this time took it, unwrapped it, balled the string as best he could and tossed it toward the waste paper basket by the stove, missed. He rose—almost tipping the chair over as he did—picked the string up from the floor, and placed it in the basket—hard to miss from two feet, he thought—then sat down again.
He unfolded the paper to the front page and shifted forward to scan the headlines. Mostly Season related stuff, of course, this close to March—more and more as the Season approached: interviews, suggestions, and of course, ads, and ads, and ads, but nothing yet, no actual incidents to indicate its arrival.
The Season officially arrived on the 1st of March each year, but since Nature is not wont to observe legislation too closely it usually arrived a few days early or a few days late, depending on who knows what.
Instead, each year, the Season was unofficially sparked (according to the media, and according to what there was of folklore these days) by the first Seasonal incident—a much employed word this time of year, everyone waiting, waiting—the first fight about a woman, the first UII, the first open copulation.
Harry perused the various sections. More of the same. And ads. And ads. More Seasonal ads. But other than that, Los Angeles seemed to have had a normal Tuesday: accidents (as usual), too little rain so far this year (as usual), a something something at the Getty Museum, well attended (as usual). Several pictures of the something something. Many smiling faces, self-congratulatory in a not so offensive way. A new jazz restaurant opening in Pasadena, re-opening actually, it had been at that spot in the 1980s according to the reporter. Pictures of that too, smiles not so smug.
A couple of book reviews. Business goings on. People still buying stocks, people still selling stocks. More articles (all trying to help) about the upcoming Storm: what to do, what not to do, what to wear, how to prepare, how to odor-proof as best you can, how to this, how to that, all very much about the around the corner Season, but nothing as yet to say it had actually, if unofficially, arrived. Not as of going to press, at least.
Probably for the last day, thought Harry, for once his scent arrived, the first incident was never far off. Never more than a day off, that he could remember.
That first Seasonal incident acted like a starters gun.
For once this incident had taken place, and been duly reported—over the radio, on television, or online—what over the last month or so had steadily been building (some manufacturers and most services—you have to book in advance, you know—began advertising as early as January) would erupt into an advertisement and commercial frenzy: for here was the narrow window, a week’s worth at the most, to reach the Seasonal consumer; after the Season’s first week no one would be in a state to pay attention to anything but copulation.
Nor would much else be covered in the way of news either: the Season was the news. All the news. Was everything.
And frenzy was the word. The papers would be glutted with Seasonal ads, the television stations would shift everything to the New Season, as loudly and as offensively (in Harry’s opinion) as possible. All else would, for all intents and purposes, cease to exist.
But not yet. Everything still under starter’s orders. No first incident reported, no arrival—at least not according to the Los Angeles Times. Of course, much could have happened overnight, but Harry had no urge to check the television news. As far as he was concerned, let calm reign a little longer.
He didn’t read further, but instead leaned back again in his chair, and looked back out across his yard. So, this was to be the year.
:
Vixer stirred in the front room, roused himself, stretched and yawned the way only dogs can, ready to swallow the Earth. Scratched himself briefly behind his left ear with his hind leg. Arose, stretched, shook his pelt as if he had just stepped out of water, spotted Harry by the breakfast table and sauntered into the kitchen mumbling something about hungry and food.
Harry turned and exchanged glances with his dog—saw him but didn’t really see him. Reached down to scratch him behind the ear, which Vixer really liked, almost as much as he liked food. Did scratch him behind the ear, but not really, not really aware of doing it.
He had promised himself, repeatedly: this was to be the year when.
And here it was, just around the corner. So easy to make future decisions as long as the future stays put; but it had ceased staying put, it was here. Could it really be done? Was it really doable? To his mind, yes. It had to be.
After all, it had already been doable twice, if only for a moment, if only for a glimpse.


::3:: 
Fletcher Jones had spent the night in his sister’s garage. He had lost yet another job, had been kicked out of yet another week to week, sparsely furnished apartment and with nowhere else to go, he had returned to where he had promised, often, never to return.
His sister Samantha didn’t want him there, had asked him, pleaded with him, begged him on many occasions not to come back there again, ever, to leave them the hell alone, for Kristus’ sake, please. To get a life. She had even changed the locks to the garage, three times in fact, each lock a little more “secure” than the next: meaningless gestures. Fletcher could break into just about anything. So he came and went pretty much as he pleased, or as his needs dictated, his younger sister’s prayers notwithstanding.
The garage was used for storage rather than cars these days and Fletcher, ever resourceful, could always find things to curl up upon and beneath. This time, to his delight, he had discovered an old couch—which either Sam or her husband must have tired of—and plenty of old sheets and blankets to boot. Made to order. Like a real bed. Hotel-like.
He knew it in his sleep: the Storm was here. He knew when his dreams turned from running and hiding and avoiding and getting fired or evicted, and getting even with the bastards and perhaps scoring some coke or ludes or crack and outwitting and running again, to sniffing, tracing, chasing down, and yes, hallelujah, raping—though that was such an unfair word, it wasn’t really rape, not really uninvited, was it?, when in the end they’re always willing—and hey man, enjoying life again. He knew it without even waking up: His Season was back. Full swing.
And as he knew this, he turned over onto his stomach the better to rub himself, the better to relieve himself as his dream raced on along with his mates and hunted her down, cornered her outside the old Nate Simmons warehouse with nowhere left for her to run, and no one around to hear her scream, first with fear, then with ecstasy.
Oh yes, he thought, even as he dreamed, it was here all right, he was hard and pulsing. Finally. Life was about to turn sweet again, really sweet. She was moaning beneath him, screaming. The others were holding her down, just to make sure. He was moaning too, breathing hard, and harder, then he exploded.
Then he surfaced.
With a smile on his face. He shifted onto his back. Touched himself. All gooey. Oh, yes. And here he was, already stiffening again. Oh yes. Man, was it ever back. He looked around for something to clean himself up with: rag, towel, anything. Nothing. In the end he used one of the sheets.
Good enough. Then he found himself not just hungry, but starving.
As he stepped out of the garage and he sniffed the air once, then again; and of course—as if he needed confirmation—his scent was back too.
He entered his sister’s house through the kitchen door, which faced the stand-alone garage. She was already up, by the stove, fixing something or other for breakfast. She turned when she heard the door open. She was not pleased to see him.
Though not surprised.
“I heard,” she said.
“You heard what?”
“You’ve been fired again.”
“What the hell? That’s not true.”
“You’ve been fired again,” she repeated. “They called here, looking for you.”
“It was a shit job anyway,” he said.
“It was a job.”
“It was a shit job.”
“I doubt you’ll get a better one.”
“Well, I’m happy to see you too, Sam.”
“I am not happy to see you. You can’t stay in the garage.”
“It was only for one night, I promise.”
“Promise, my ass.”
“No, seriously.”
“I hope so,” said his sister. Then, taking a closer look at him, “What’s wrong with you?”
“What?”
“What are you grinning at?”
“It’s here.”
“What’s here?” As if she didn’t know.
“You know, the Season. My Season has started.” He couldn’t stop grinning.
“Happy about that, are you?” 
“You know it, Sis. Always.”
Sam didn’t answer.
“I’m starving,” he said. “A couple of eggs? Too much to ask?”
Sam still didn’t answer.
“And some toast. If it’s not too much trouble,” in an attempt at being sarcastic, though it came out wrong.
“You can’t stay here,” said Sam without turning away from her chore at the stove.
“I won’t. I promise.”
Then she turned. “I’ve promised Josh.”
“Well, fuck him.”
“You have to promise.”
“I do. I promise.”
“Promise.”
“I said I do. I promise.”


::4::
Lara West was an orphan. Or, to use the official term, she was unclaimed.
December was rarely called December, it was called Birth Month. True, some were born late November, and there were stragglers who didn’t show up until early January, but even so: hospitals, schools, churches, and many of the larger hotels turned into makeshift maternity wards during the last month of the year to cope with the annual births.
The year Lara was born had been particularly busy and it was never clearly established whether her mother had in fact lost her (it was know to happen) or had simply slipped away in the general confusion of things, wanting nothing to do with her daughter, most likely the result of some unfortunate event—the going euphemism for rape around the wards; or a UII—an UnInvited Intercourse—the official designation. In either event, Lara ended up unclaimed, officially. An orphan.
By the time she was ten she had escaped, been caught, and returned to, the #6 Arcadia Orphanage—known as Arcadia Blue—a record fourteen times. A record which, by the way, still stands since the fourteenth escape finally prompted review and overhaul of the facility’s security arrangements and after which not even Lara—though not for lack of trying—managed to slip out again.
After her fourteenth escape she didn’t see much of the outside world until she, with the rest of that year’s litter, was released at age thirteen—the age that statistically signals the first female Season; and since California orphanages are not equipped to handle the calamity of volume estrus, law mandated (still does) release of female charges by the 31st of December of the year they turn thirteen. This, again statistically, avoids most of the trouble, or to be more precise, relegates this trouble to the outside world.
Except that Lara—known as trouble—beat the stats by a year and entered her first Season at age twelve, and with it, the requisite confinements and strap downs, never a pleasant experience under the best of circumstances.
Early Seasons are not unheard of—some girls experience them as young as ten—but in an orphanage they are always traumatic, for ward and personnel alike. Lara, far from a favorite at Arcadia Blue to begin with, received very little in the way of comfort and support during this, her initial Season; this to the point where she—although she had heard all about the Season by this time, no one reaches that age ignorant about it—assumed, when it did arrive, that she had in fact gone insane.
For hearing tell about the Storm, and experiencing it, are two very different things.
Lara was now twenty-eight years old and a wisp of a woman. She kept her blond hair short, worked out regularly, kept a fiercely independent cat, and was not very ladylike. She also had a habit of vanishing—without her cat, who could fend for himself, thank you—toward the end of February every year, not to return until early April, when it was all over. Whenever asked, she was vague about precisely where she had been—not that it was anybody’s business.
:
This Wednesday morning she pulled up at work on her 250 cc Yamaha dirt bike a few minutes early as usual. She needed the extra time to mount the ungainly messenger box on the back of her bike, not an easy task on most bikes, an outright pain on a dirt bike; it took both a special carrier and custom straps.
When her boss, and (pretty much only) friend, Helen Suffolk saw her arrive, she got up from her desk, and stepped out of her office to meet her.
“Lara.” An almost shout from just outside the small lobby of Helen’s Messenger Service. She waved, too, then set out for Lara. “A word?”
Lara looked up from wrestling the box into place, grimaced and squinted at the sun, large in the sky behind Helen. “Sure.”
Helen had a few years on Lara and was nowhere near as thin. But she had a friendly face which many, including her husband, found beautiful. Lara did too. Helen now sauntered up to Lara wearing a part smile, part frown.
“You’re still here,” she said. She made it sound like a question, though it wasn’t.
“I told you I would be.”
“So you’re not going this year then?”
“No, not this year.”
“You sure about that?”
Lara, still working one of the straps, nodded, “I’m sure.”
“You know, it’s not a problem, not at all.”
“I know. You told me.”
“So if you want to go.”
Lara pulled the final strap tight, secured it, then stepped back to admire her handiwork. Then looked back up at Helen. “I appreciate it, Helen. I really do. But I’m staying.”
“Sounds like you mean it.”
“Yes, I do.”
When Helen said nothing, Lara added, “It’s time. It’s something I must do.”
“Really,” said Helen, as if set on talking Lara into leaving. “It’s okay if you want to take off. Just give me a few hours’ notice. Besides, we’ll be shutting down shortly.”
“I’m staying, Helen.” Lara wasn’t sure whether to laugh or yell.
“What will you do?”
“I’m not sure, Helen. Not leaving. That’s all I’m sure of right now. Not running.”
“You’re not running.”
Lara didn’t answer.
“Do you need any money?” Helen asked apropos of Lara wasn’t sure what exactly. And it earned her a surprised glance.
“No, I’m fine.”
“I was thinking maybe you need a private guard, or want to hit a spa or something. They don’t come cheaply nowadays.”
“No, I’m fine. And you?” said Lara. “What will you and Larry do? And the kids?”
Helen looked over as she heard another messenger arriving, waved briefly at him, then looked at her watch, as if to make sure there was time enough to answer. “Well, the kids are off to their center as usual, although with Susan turning twelve this year, it’s getting tricky.”
Lara nodded. She understood, all too well, “I know.”
“As for Larry and me, we’re going to bunker it, as usual. We’re already stocked to last the full month, with lots to spare.”
When Lara didn’t answer right away, she continued, “We’ve also installed some extra locks this year, you can never be too sure, and bought enough ammunition to fight a small war if it should come to that.”
“You may have to,” said Lara, though she wasn’t sure why. Wished she hadn’t.
“Oh, I hope not.”
“Seems to come to that, though, more and more,” said Lara. Then added, “If the news are to be believed.”
“That’s true,” said Helen. “That’s why.” Then, after checking her watch again, and a brief silence. “You should find yourself someone.”
“As in a guy, husband-guy?”
“Well, as in someone-guy.”
“That’ll be the day,” she said, then grabbed the box with both hands and shook it again to make sure it was secure. It was. Ready to go. “So,” she said. “What have you got for me today?”
“Don’t know,” said Helen. “Check with Al. Don’t forget, though.”
“Don’t forget what?”
“It’s not a problem, not at all.”
“I know. And I appreciate it. Really.”
“But you’re staying.”
“Yes, Helen, I’m staying.”
Helen nodded, turned and walked back to her office while Lara headed over to the dispatcher’s office to see what Al had for her this morning.
Crossing the parking lot tarmac Lara couldn’t help but wonder if she had lost every last one of her marbles. Was she really going through with this?
Was she really staying down here? She had strived to sound all determined to Helen—who was more perceptive than Lara dared to acknowledge—but that was not exactly the case. No small part of her wanted to drop everything right now, drive back to her apartment, grab her backpack—which in fact was packed and ready—and head out of the city. The remaining part of her, and still in the majority, remained resolute: no, she would not run this year, that was not who she really was, she was stronger than that; she would face it. Ride it out. Face the damn thing down. On her own.
Without the aid of trees or water or solitude or distance or whatever it was that brought her sanctuary.
It was possible—the last ten years stood as proof—it was possible to stay undrowned; and if she could do it up there, then she could do it down here. She knew what she’d be looking for and she’d steel herself against it.
That’s all.
:
Lara’s Seasons set in early, as a rule sometime during the last week of February. She considered this lucky—almost like an omen at times—as it gave her time to head out before the Storm proper descended in force.
At the first sign of oncoming Season—normally her scent intensifying, though sometimes her hearing, and some Seasons even her eyesight (subtle, that one, creeping up on you like that)—she would calmly finish off what she was doing: day’s work, visit, shopping, whatever, then go home, get her already prepared backpack—at the ready since mid-February: food, books, medical supplies, gun, ammunition, clothes, sleeping bag, thermal blanket, and other needed odds and ends—lock her apartment (after making doubly, triply sure Shadow wasn’t inside), get on her bike, and head for the San Bernardino mountains.
Here first few Seasons away from Arcadia Blue had been as traumatic as her first. At thirteen—she’d by now been transferred to a State sponsored school for unclaimed girls—she had been confined to her dorm with the rest of her class, something she had objected to in terms so certain, and so repeatedly, that after two days of putting up with her they sedated her instead, and after that she had more or less slept through the Season.
Same the next. They weren’t taking any chances with this one.
At fifteen they tried confinement again, which she endured this time, though with some medical help. With no way of releasing the terrible tension—all forms of self-help were strictly forbidden by the school—she found it nothing short of painful, and also degrading. This was repeated for two more years, after which she graduated the school and left the charge of the State. Lara was now eighteen years old and very much on her own.
After a month of looking, and prepared to accept pretty much anything, she found a job as a motorcycle-messenger for a small firm in Glendale which paid her rent and put food on the table, though not too much more. But she liked it. There was a nice sense of freedom on a motorbike—which they provided, at least until you could get your own: you could go anywhere you wished to, and fast.
This appealed to her. Very much
As the next Season approached, or more like attacked—her scent exploded from normal to amazing in a matter of hours—her immediate impulse was to flee. Now that she was alone, and could turn to no one for help, that was her only solution, her only direction: away; as if the Season was outrunnable and she was the one to outrun it.
And she acted on this impulse. She finished her deliveries, called her boss for Seasonal leave, which naturally was granted, filled up her bike (she had found a well-maintained and affordable 250 cc Suzuki only the month before), bought a sleeping bag, and a backpack, and as much food as it would hold and set out going east on the 134.
No plan, no destination, just away. Led only by instinct and the need to out-run; and by the ever advancing tarmac of the freeway. The 134 soon gave itself over into 210 East and while she had the sense of running towards the advancing Storm, as if to meet it, she also felt that she was putting distance between herself and its approach. The bike beneath her ran smoothly, the engine humming, almost singing, as if happy to get away too, glad to stretch its legs. She leaned forward on the tank and faced the onrushing air with a determined but happy smile.
Near San Bernardino she approached her first choice: 215. North or South? As the wheels spun on beneath her, they seemed to say: neither. She listened to them and found herself on California 30 heading for she had no idea. At Highland the next choice: stay on the 30 for Interstate 10 and Palm Springs, or veer left onto California 330 and the mountains.
Looking back she cannot remember actually choosing, actually thinking: no, I don’t want to go to Palm Springs, or yes, I should head up the 330. Again, the spinning wheels, and the singing engine seemed to do the choosing and before long she found herself winding her way past Running Springs and other smaller mountain communities, except now the road was called California 18. With water in sight she turned left again onto the smaller still California 38 and several miles beyond Fawnskin she spotted, on her right, or her bike did, a small unpaved road, leading into trees with the promise of water.
No buildings here; and the road got worse—I could do with a dirt bike here, she thought to herself—and worse still. Several impressive roots had reclaimed tree-territory, and here she finally stopped and stepped off her bike. She killed the engine into wind, and—overwhelmingly—scent.
She looked up: straight strong spines of forest elders, ignoring her. Not inviting her. A “keep out” sign could not have done a better job.
But kept out was the last thing Lara would settle for, and then there was the stillness, the promise of stillness.
She rolled her bike around—best as she could—or over the knotty suggestions that she turn around. Another fifty yards and all pretence of road had ceased. She was steering her cautions bike over forest floor and toward water.
She could hear waves. Not big ones, no, not like the ocean, more like a reassuring watery rustle, water moving on stones, a constant motion. And, to her left, between the ankles of these great and brooding trees, she spotted what at first she thought was a single, very large, yawning boulder; but then, following its outline, the boulder became a toe to a foot to a leg to a mountain and the yawn, partially concealed by leafy branches of birch and aspen, an entrance; though still not inviting.
She looked around for somewhere to park her bike, she wanted to take a closer look. She leaned it against a graying pine to her left, but—and to this day she doesn’t not know what made her: it was as if the tree had objected—immediately unleaned it, looking up into a branchy frown.
Instead she guided her bike towards, and then into the yawn and the dry and quite roomy cave within. She steered the bike to the back of the rocky room and unfolded its stand. There. No objections here.
She squirmed out of her backpack, placed it on the pine-needly floor, looked around her and knew: she had arrived.
:
Two weeks later she was running dangerously very low on supplies. She had found the lake water clean enough for consumption, but even though eating as sparingly as she possibly could—she felt weak at times—she was down to four cans of mixed fruits, half a dozen protein bars and two bags of trail mix: nuts, raisins, sunflower seeds, and dried pineapple. It would not last her the Season.
The day before she had ventured out in order to, somehow, replenish her stock—hoping to avoid hunters or other prowlers, while finding an open, neutered-run store: a long shot. She had not thought this through. Well, she had not thought at all, was the point. She had simply upped and run.
She’d rolled her motorbike out of the cave, then navigated it over and around roots and bushes—all of which seemed to do their best to make her turn around—for the road, but before she reached it the drowning suddenly set it, and set in with such force that it physically shook her, as if she had walked into a wall or a fence, charged, demanding. Reeling, she let go of her bike, which fell over, and she staggered back, into safety, waters receding.
With some effort she pulled the bike right-way-up again, and rested it on its stand. She steadied her breath and stilled her heart, then approached the road again, slowly, alert.
And again into a wall, savage with hands.
And again, her first instinct was to recoil, and that was the one she acted on; but there was also this second notion that said: let’s enter, let’s drown. Let these hands enfold you and carry you into the mist which she could almost make out from where she stood, a mist surrounding, held at bay.
Held at bay.
Tentacles, as if the mist knew she was there and strained to reach her, to snare and capture. Held at bay.
She stepped back farther, out of harms way. Then looked around; attuned now to the spectrum of the mist, she could make it out clearly, massively surrounding. She turned; looking past the cave and toward the lake she found herself at the very edge of a glade, a clearing in the allness of milkish steel. Looking up she could not make out sky.
Taking one more step back her foot caught a root and she fell. Things shifted: the mist vanished, or rather, she could no longer see it, she could still feel its presence.
Scrambling to her feet she went to retrieve her motor bike, and again: it was a magnetism, palpable. With some difficulty she pushed against it, folded the bike stand back and made for the cave.
Why here? Was that the question? Or was the question, why me?
Lara spent the remainder of the Season not finding an answer to these questions. She ate sparingly beyond caution, but did not have a choice; although she had found some edible berries in the glade, the food she had brought just had to last. On two occasions she fainted from fatigue.
Some days she could make out the mist clearly, others not at all. Either way, she would perceive the wall—its greed—whenever she approached it.
The answer to why some days she saw the mist and others not also proved elusive. It wasn’t that she felt differently day to day, it was as if some days she caught the right frequency, others not. But even though she could not see it at will, she was getting more attuned to the mist, for toward the end of her stay, she could sense it, even from within the cave. Hovering, waiting, waiting, for her.
On the 2nd of April, by her watch, she would up, exhausted, into a mist-less world. It was gone, she had no doubt. Humming, irritated, shifting the night before, and rustling past her in her dream, in the morning she knew: it had withdrawn, the Season was over.
Weak—as exhausted as she’d ever felt—the nonetheless made it back into the small town of Fawnskin where she did find an open gas station; the little store attached to it had restocked and she bought three candy bars, two sodas, and some nuts.
Which she devoured in about ten minutes. Five minutes later she was violently sick in the restroom; but still, all things considered, she felt much better. Well enough to make the ride home.
The following year she knew precisely where to go. Reaching the end of the little road she felt not as much welcome as grudgingly accepted. By whom, she had no idea; but the feeling was palpable. She steered her bike back into the cave which, from what she could make out, had not been disturbed since the previous Season.
This time she had planned better; had filled her messenger box with supplies as well as brought a larger back pack. As far as she could calculate she would be set for the Season.
She saw the mist off and on; could still not determine the reason. She pondered why the glade, why her: still no answer. She read a lot: Her electronic book reader housed over two hundred books. She walked the glade end to end—which to the best of her reckoning measured roughly ninety by ninety yards, well, ninety by seventy, the remaining twenty yards extended over water, and was only an approximation from those days where the mist was visible to her.
She exercised. She even swam once—but the water was too cold for her to repeat that venture.
And she sat at the mouth of the cave, looking out over the lake, not doing anything but sitting at the mouth of the cave looking out over the lake.
Time, in this state (is how she came to think of it) seemed to cease, or rush rather, for one moment the sun was high in the sky, and the next it was setting beyond the western shore, an afternoon all but expired.
One morning, again, she knew that the mist was gone, the Season over, and she made it back to Los Angeles.
For eight more Seasons she had done this: taken refuge. Escaped. Startled for her sanctuary at the first sign of. Run away.
It was on the ride back from her previous Season that the feeling fully stirred and then sprouted: She would stop running away. For all the strange blessings of the glade and the cave, she could not help but feeling that she was, well the word that sprung to mind, and which she could not shake, was chicken. It wasn’t really who she was, she who had escaped Arcadia Blue nearly at will before they made the thing into a fortress; she who had always fended for herself; she who always made it without anyone’s help, except come the Season.
She resolved then and there, heading west on the 210, the sun setting ahead: she would not return to the glade next Season.
:
Though it had yet to manifest, she could feel her scent approaching. Hours, perhaps only minutes, away. In fact, it was as if it had already risen and filled her, but was standing so still that she could not detect it.
Then it moved. She turned to see who had spoken, but there was no one. Just the trace of a dog on the prowl, perhaps a block away. Loud and clear.
The urge to out-run returned and for a moment filled and seized her. It took all of her determination not to submit, and again head for the sanctuary of the glade.


::5::
Returning from work by way of the supermarket, Harry swung his car into the driveway.
He could hear Vixer’s backyard greetings even before he killed the engine; oh, so happy to see him again, or anxious about dinner, or both. Harry got out of the car and opened the backyard gate to let Man’s best friend out.
Vixer was all over him in a second, What’ya get me? What’ya get me?
“Easy, boy. C’mon.”
Harry let them both into the house, placed the groceries on his kitchen counter, then fed a just a tad disappointed Vixer—Harry had not brought him any Vixer treats this time; though not complaining, mind you, food is food, just fine with him. He set about attacking his dinner as if time might run out before the bowl was clean while Harry washed the fruit, rinsed the spinach, fixed the salad.
He did this mechanically, from habit, his mind not on this task.
His mind was on the two days, maybe three, he had before he reached full bloom, and truth was he’d actually made no preparations.
What. So. Ever.
He would cross that bridge when he came to it. For months. Well, the bridge was here. So how exactly was he to cross? This standing up to and staring down the Storm. This regaining the up and above. This untouched. This dream.
Well, he needed to stock up, at the least. He needed to do that. That would be part of the crossing, and an important part at that.
He sliced the tomatoes and added the olive oil.
To ascend again—that had been the feeling: ascending—and stay ascended. That was the dream, what he hoped to achieve by not giving in. His decision. He fanned it by, as he so often did, turning it this way and that, by tasting it, imaging it, his notion to; no, it was more than a notion or a dream, it was a need. A need to. A need to validate a notion. No, that didn’t make sense.
:
Harry Oates was born and raised in this very house. Well, he was born at Fenton Memorial (which was now St. Mary’s Hospital) in Pasadena one very slow—if his mom were to be believed—December 32 years ago, but raised in this house. His parents had bought it even as it was being built, part of a new development. Harry still had pictures of it at inception, without the trees, without the grass and the landscaping, the house rising out of plain earth as so many two-by-fours and bricks. It looked much smaller then, in those pictures, being born from mud. But they had not added to it in all the years since, it was still the original house, and really none the worse for the ware either. Surrounded now by lawns, both back and front, and trees, many trees. Protecting it.
His parents gave him the house (here Son, take good care of it: his dad ceremoniously holding out the keys, his mom shedding a tear or two just behind him) when they finally made their long planned move to New Hampshire. That’s where his mom was originally from, and still had family—siblings and such. She had wanted to return for years (the Eastern air is different, she said, more history to it, saltier somehow, many such reasons). And no more than a week after his dad retired from his teaching position at Cal Tech, and his mom from hers at CSU Los Angeles, some six years ago, they up and left. His mom’s family home had been left to her (as the eldest daughter), and since his dad didn’t mind, glad to get out of the smog and millions of people every day, actually, they had re-settled out east.
This was the house that had seen his first steps, the house where he scraped his first knees, climbed his first tree, fell out of his first tree, learned how to read, how to ask many questions—to many according to his mother—and learned how to make do with often make-shift (don’t bother me now, Harry) answers; and where he had experienced his first Season.
In fact, since he had gone to college locally (not Cal Tech, which had been his father’s hope—Harry wasn’t quite the wiz with numbers his dad was), this was the house he’d never left. He had meant to once he was through college but his parents made it known they were relocating soon, so why don’t you stay put, Son, you’ll have it all to yourself once we leave.
Didn’t take too much arm-twisting, that. It was a great house, free and clear now. Who would argue with that?
And this was the house where he—in his late teens, and on two different occasions two years apart—had experienced the impossible.
The first time it happened was during the 1993 Season.
He was seventeen.
He had been in his room, locked in his room, actually, slightly medicated (his mom had seen to that, to take the edge off, as she had put it), but still battling hard, pacing the floor, sweating, sitting down, standing up, sitting down, standing up, pacing some more. Trying to read, trying to watch whatever televised not quite out and out pornography his parents would allow (to help things along, as his mom wouldn’t come right out and say, as if he needed any help—still, it seemed to help, seemed to fit, somehow, like furniture or curtains seem to fit). Venting liberally, miserable in general, when he had suddenly (and later could never for the life of him pinpoint what exactly had sprung the lock, what thought, what action, what memory, what anything), when he had suddenly floated up—is the best way he ever put it—floated up and out of the mist.
Not only did he see his body from above; well, from one of the corners of the ceiling, working away at venting again (for the ninth or tenth or Kristus knows what time that day), but suddenly he was, yes, that was the word, wasn’t it?, untouched. There was no other word for it. Outside of it, and not touched.
And from that vantage point (and at that moment he was simply too surprised to be scared—terrified would follow later) he could see not only himself—well, his body would be more correct; himself seemed to be the thing looking at the thing laboring away on the bed. Not only could he see this, but also the mist which filled the room, while no longer filling him. Yes, that was the sensation: although the mist filled the room, he was (while in the room, too, of course) outside the mist. He watched it: gray, almost white, like a thin, stainless milk (is how he thought of it later) shifting, rolling, flexing its misty muscles, and entering his body—down there on the bed, not quite at orgasm yet—with every intake, and exiting again with every exhalation, but not only that: it had volition, this mist, it seemed alive. More than just a fog: alive, and—and this is what finally scared him: looking for him. As if it had noticed him gone missing, and was now searching for him in every nook and cranny of his body; a body still laboring away, nearing, nearing, nearing and there was the messy release.
And with the release Harry was suddenly inside again, burning and thrown about by the violence of ejaculation. As if sucked back in by the force of it; as if the mist had finally spotted him, just in time, and reeled him back in.
The contrast: that is what struck him the most. The contrast between the curious, the calming, stillness of outside, and the raging war of the inside. So much more raging now against the backdrop of that, of that wonderful out and up stillness of not being touched.
He told nobody about it. To be honest, he wasn’t entirely sure that it had in fact happened; and if it had, well, then he was bound to be a little crazy, wasn’t he? Who’d ever? And as the Season advanced, the less sure he grew. By the end of it: Dream perhaps?
Still.
By the following Season the incident was all but forgotten. And if he thought of it at all, surely, yes, of course, it must have been a dream. His imagination. Must have.
But then it happened again during the 1995 Season. Under similar circumstances. The only difference was that he wasn’t locked in his room that year. His parents were off at a seclusion spa up north for the Season and he had the run of the house—with the promise of no visitors. Don’t let anyone in. Not a soul. Yes, yes, he had promised. Of course not. And, good son that he was, he had been true to his word.
But even with the whole house at his disposal he spent most of the time in his room, enduring the onslaught. Venting as usual, going through his supply of canned food, watching old movies and racy commercials and the now out-and-out pornography (no parents around to say no, besides, he was nineteen now).
When it happened again: he floated out, and up. And, this time, farther out, and farther up. He saw first his laboring body, then the whole room, then the house from above, and would probably have risen even higher had it not been for the pine. That’s right, that’s exactly how it felt, as if the pine in his front yard had reached out with long, invisible branches and caught him before he lost his gravity-less bearings altogether, and perhaps would never have found his way back. Caught in a sort of piney net, or piney embrace, and gently brought back towards the roof of the house, and then through it and trough the ceiling of his room as well, and sort of deposited there, still hovering, still floating, in one of the corners.
Still outside and untouched by the irritated mist.
Untouched by the same thick, steely, milky mist, shifting, entering, exiting, entering, exiting, and—there was the same feeling again—searching. For him.
His body on the bed was close to ejaculation now and then he recalled the last time, as if a warning sign: it was ejaculation that had pulled him back in; and he tried, from this strange, floaty, vantage point to slow it down, to hold back. But found himself powerless to. Found nothing to slow it down with, nothing to brace against, and suddenly there it was, one, two, three, four squirts onto the paper towel, and with it, as suddenly, and as forcefully, there he was: inside again, sucked into that rage which was the sexual.
There was no denying it this time: it had happened. And yes, he was crazy, of course. For who had ever heard? But, crazy or not, it had taken place. No longer dream.
Again, he never told anyone about this—with the exception of Harman-Karman, his friend, but that was not until years later, and his mom, which was a mistake. What he did, however, was try to discover whether this had ever happened to anyone else.
Who’d ever heard?
Well, the only untouched he had heard of was Jesus Kristus, of course. Not that his family was in any way religious, they came down squarely on the scientific side of things, but nonetheless; school, television, you will run across this fact (fact?). Jesus Kristus, the Untouched.
So he bought a bible.
“You turning religious on us?” his mother wondered one day after straightening up his room, as she liked to call it.
“Please, Mom. I’ve asked you not to. I’ll do it myself.”
His mom, a Psychology professor at CSU Los Angeles, was never one to let a question go, once asked.
“You’ve never had any Biblical leanings before, have you Harry?”
“No.”
“So what’s the occasion?”
And this is where Harry made his mistake. He could think of no good reason why he’d have a Bible in his room, not one that would make sense to his mom. Could not think of a good enough lie, that is. So, he told her. The whole thing. And for a moment—for his mom watched him so intently that he mistook her mien for understanding—he was even wondering if perhaps the same thing had happened to her.
Then, once she was sure he had finished telling her, she began to shake her head. Slowly, a little sadly. Near enough patted his knee in sympathy. Shook her head some more. Took a deep breath. Made Harry regret he’d told her. Very much.
“Well, Harry. I don’t know what to say.”
“You don’t know what I’m talking about, do you?”
“I do, Harry, I do.”
He didn’t answer. Waiting for more.
“It’s not uncommon—well, that is to say, it is uncommon, but not under certain circumstances. During certain conditions.”
He recognized this voice, this diagnostician that his mother became on occasion. And braced himself.
When she didn’t go on, he asked, “So what do you think? I’m sick?”
“Heavens no, Harry. I didn’t say that.”
“What then? What certain conditions?”
“Only twice?” she asked.
He didn’t get it.
“This, this floating. Only twice?”
Got it. “Yes.”
She seemed relieved. Took another deep breath, as if to speak, but said nothing.
“What?” he asked again.
“Well, it is a condition,” she began.
He did not like the sound of the word “condition.” She had a way of making it sound like “severe malady.”
“It’s a condition known as acute ascension.”
He didn’t like the sound of that either. Sounded very much like a malady to him.
“Basically,” she said, and looked him straight in the eye for some time before she continued, “it’s the brain playing tricks on you.”
“It was more than that, Mom.”
“Well, if you say so.”
He knew that tone of voice as well. “But you know better, right?”
“As a matter of fact, yes.”
“It was not a trick,” he said.
“But only twice?” she asked again.
“Yes, Mom. Only twice.”
There was that relief again.
“When was the last time?” she wanted to know.
“A couple of years ago.”
“1995 Season?”
“Yes.”
“And just the two times?”
“Yes, Mom.”
“Well, I wouldn’t worry about it then.”
“I’m not worried about it, Mom. I just wanted to know what it was all about. That’s why I bought the Bible. Kristus was, apparently, untouched. Is what it says.”
She shook her head again, as if at a small child’s folly. “As I said,” she begun.
“Yes I know, acute ascension.”
“Yes,” she said. “That’s it.”
Then his mom took what he later came to see as a fatal step as far as their relationship went. She said, “Please let me know if it happens again.”
Translation: If it happens again, it may be serious. You may need treatment.
Harry promised he would, but knew that he’d never, never, never. For he was sure: it had not been a “trick of the brain,” or some acute ascension mental malady. It had happened, he—he, the person—had floated out and up, and he had seem himself, no, not himself, but his body, on that bed, masturbating away. No dream, no trick, no condition, it had happened. And his mom did not get it. At all.
“Sure, Mom.”
“Promise?”
“Yes.”
She gave him her “Are we okay?” look, and he said, yes, yes, we’re fine. Then she did in fact pat his knee, signaling the end of the audience.
And the mistake.
He had not brought it up again, nor had she. Nor had it happened again. He did however have the sense, for a few months after telling her, that now and then he was the subject of hushed parental exchanges, and that some glances his father gave him contained concern. But nothing out in the open, and he certainly knew better now than to leave Bibles around for his mom to find.
But he kept looking.
The best references he ever found (all of which he had since included in his library—now that he house was his, and free of mothers stumbling upon things like Bibles to ask uncomfortable questions about) hailed from Ancient India.
He’d asked one of his professors, a Mrs. Dorin, who—if rumors were true—was a Buddhist, or whose husband was a Buddhist, one or the other.
“Untouched?” she said. “Other than Kristus?”
“Yes.”
“Buddha, for one, was untouched. And the ancients.”
“Ancients?”
“India,” she said, a little as if that was the key to the whole problem. “The Indian ancients.” Then, “Why are you asking?”
“Just curious,” he answered.
And when he wouldn’t elaborate, she smiled and said, “I wish there were more curious students.”
The Vedas were as Indian Ancients as they came, and there he did find mention. Several.
The Ran Veda for one, and the Chintaka Upanishad for another. And for a third, and most importantly, the Dhammaphada.
In one passage of the Ran, Varuna descends (in a Chariot—but that’s beside the point) upon the City in Season and sees the river of milk enter and exit in a constant and fervid ebb and flow as the populace copulates.
In another passage Indra leaves his body, and “floats, out and up, to see his body, immersed in the churning milk, copulating with a water woman, while the milk, noticing his absence, begins to look for him.”
Harry gasped as he read this, then put the book down, unable to go on. After a stunned moment or two he picked it up again and re-read the passage. And again. He tingled.
For whoever wrote that had known exactly what Harry had experienced. Exactly. He was not alone.
And, so much more importantly, he was not crazy.
In the Chintaka Upanishad several of the gods would copulate from the outside, seeing their bodies—their human Avatars as they are called in the poems—labor in milk, sought by the milk (the breath of Yama).
Yes, the breath of Yama, is what they called it. The white breath of Yama—the King of Death—making sure Death will never end life as life, making sure there will always be more bodies for life to return to once it departs its current dwelling; the knowing and aware breath of Yama that finds you when you go missing. The breath of Yama, catcher of spirits, spawner of mortal life. Yes, they knew, these ancient people who had written this, they knew what had happened to Harry.
Exactly.
And, no, Harry was definitely not crazy.
Ever since that Season of 1995 he had tried, and tried hard, to float again, to leave, to ascend (the word had stuck, despite its connotation and smack of mother), but he could never do it, no matter how hard he tried to let go, as he later came to think of it.
He also researched, and to quite an extent, acute ascension, as if to humor his mother (now happily back in New Hampshire—calling him once a week, usually on Sundays, you have got to come visit us again, Harry). But after many months of combing through dire texts on this and other ailments, he found what he had come to expect: that when the supposed “science” of mental disorders doesn’t know how to explain something, it gives it a label instead, to make the thing appear understood.
Thus:
Acute Ascension, Neurological Disorder (official definition): A chemically induced neurological illusion which, during sexual stimulation, can make the subject believe that he or she sees him- or herself from the outside, as if floating above the body looking down upon it, as if ascended. This sensation, normally cogent (hence acute) is best treated by sedation, or shock, or both. Possibly hereditary, though not so proven.
Which really doesn’t say anything, other than that the phenomenon has been observed and described. Chemically induced, normally cogent. Fine words, that really explain nothing.
And of course Harry disagreed. This was not a disorder. Of that he was certain. If anything, it was a blessing. But science doesn’t know what to do with blessings, doesn’t deal in them, and has to find other ways to explain the phenomenon.
But the one thing Harry did take away from his research, was that the phenomenon, though by no means common, was not unheard of either—hundreds of cases had been documented over the years, many of these successfully treated according to the Journals he found in the library. Sufficiently not unheard of to warrant mention, at any rate. He was definitely not alone, others—if wrongly diagnosed—had experienced the same thing, and more recently than ancient India.
So, not in the least crazy. At all.
Another other thing he took away was the certainty that whomever put this down to a neurological disorder had not experienced it first hand, could not possibly have. For it had been no illusion, no “phenomenon.” I had taken place. Had happened. Of this he was certain.
So much for science.
He returned to those who took “the phenomenon” seriously, back to the wiser race of India. This time to the Dhammaphada, and the Buddha.
Who at the end of his contemplation beneath the bodhi tree reportedly “saw the spirit three times drowned. First in the Season and its milky mist, then in the body the mist engendered, and lastly by the world and its many needs.”
The world, in Season, he went on to say, “is clouded by milk, drowned by milk, driven by milk.”
And that was the thing they agreed on, all these ancients, and Harry too: from the outside, from above, ascended, it was a milky mist, strange in that it was entirely transparent, yet entirely there. There with color and motion; yet not tangible, or visible, from the inside.
But he, Harry Oates, like the Buddha, like Indra, had seen it. The breath of Yama.
Harry stopped just short of becoming a practicing Buddhist; that is, he never actually joined anything. He wasn’t much of a joiner, period.
Still, ever since finding the Dhammaphada he had tried to live by the precepts of the Buddha as gleaned from that wonderful book. He had become a vegetarian (well, they call it vegan now; apparently vegetarians can eat fish and fowl and dairy, and for some reason still hang on to the title, quite a stretch of the definition: usurped by non-vegans), and he had learned—with the help of other books—how to meditate. And so armed, he had tried, and tried again, and tried again, Season after Season, to float (as the Buddha called it). And again, and again, and again, had failed to do it, his vivid memories of that particular and peculiar and wonderful state notwithstanding.
How had it happened in the first place?
He had scoured his two ascensions, both in meditative contemplation and otherwise, but could not find the trigger: the thought or thing that had sprung the lock and let him out. Simply could not. One moment he had been deeply engaged in venting, the next, out and up, as if lifted. But something must have triggered it, something. Because it had taken place. There was the effect, so there had to be a cause.
And his notion was to. No, it was more than a notion, it was a need. A need to. A need to validate a notion. No, that didn’t make sense.
Or maybe it did. The notion that had finally formed (based again on the life of the Buddha) was that he would have to face it, would have to stare it down, the Season. Would have to refuse to comply, to refuse to agree. To prove himself bigger than, stronger than. Just as the Buddha had done when at the beginning of the Season he had sat down to meditate beneath the bodhi tree—to meditate upon the problem of the Storm with the resolve to not rise again until he had solved it.
Thus, he had stared it down. And floated.
That was the only answer he could find. Follow Buddha’s lead. Now to validate it.
But how, precisely, was he to do this?
Should he mirror his two ascensions, and self-medicate to take the edge off. For he had been slightly medicated the first time it had happened, that was a fact he returned to now and then. Then again, the Buddha for sure had not been medicated in any way. So what then? Precisely?
A spa perhaps, away from the city? It was too late for that though, you need to book them way in advance. What then? These questions, much like panicked little birds now that the Season was actually at the door, refused to sit down to be asked in earnest. And so flittered about answerless. As yet.
And still, like a mantra, he kept telling himself: this was the be the year when.
:
He finished tossing the salad, brought it over to the table and sat down. Surveyed the green mixture, spangled here and there with the red of tomato and bell pepper, then tossed it a few more times for good measure. He glanced over at Vixer devouring his meal as if it was his last: full throttle. Tossed the salad one last time. Then ate.
After four satisfying bites into it—the toasted wheat germ really did the trick—the door bell rang. Once. Twice.
Why is it, he wondered, that he could recognize Harman-Karman by the door bell alone. “It’s open,” he yelled, startling Vixer from tracking down no longer existing crumbs in his bowl—making extra, extra sure.
Harman-Karman lived four houses down from him. He was tall, and he was black, and he was thin. And as devout a carnivore as they ever came, with a metabolism that Harry believed could handle nails without breaking a sweat. No matter what that man ate, or how much of it, he stayed tall, thin, and yes, carnivorous. And now, as he entered the kitchen, he looked down with feigned disgust at Harry’s as yet barely disturbed salad.
“All that innocent bird food, devoured by uncaring vegans,” he said.
“To each his own,” Harry replied. Now, he, on the other hand, had to watch what he ate. He could add pounds in the wrong places by just thinking about dairy products.
“Poor you,” said Harman-Karman.
“Just about here,” said Harry after two more bites.
Harman-Karman, patting Vixer, didn’t answer.
“My Season,” said Harry.
“Scent?”
“Beginnings of it. This morning. I could smell Ritva over on Deerborne street.” That’s right, Ritva was her name.
“Ritva?”
“She’s a white poodle.”
As if Vixer understood English—though not in detail—he left the kitchen to see if perhaps a poodle named Ritva was at the door.
“You’re on first name terms with a white poodle?”
“Apparently.”
Harman-Karman shook his head: to each his own, indeed. Then asked, “Mind if I fix some tea?”
“No, not at all. Go ahead.”
“Want some as well?”
“Yes, please.”
While Harry returned to his salad, Harman-Karman heated water and prepared green tea for both of them, as at home in Harry’s kitchen as in his own. Poured, sat down. Sipped. Said nothing. Watched Harry chew each bite carefully, each mouthful a task.
Vixer returned from his mission—no Ritva out there—tail wagging slowly, looked at both of them, as if speculating as to who was going to speak next.
Turned out to be Harman-Karman. “I think they’re neutering the wrong people,” he said.
Which earned him a curious Harry-glance, greens halted half-way to his mouth, clinging to the spoon. “Apropos of what, precisely?”
“Seems to me,” said Harman-Karman, “that they’re going out of their way to dig up the worst they can find and press them into service.”
The greens completed their journey, and Harry finished working the bite. Then said, “No one’s digging up anyone. They are volunteers. You know that. They have to take what they can get. Not too many do nowadays.”
“Not too many do what?”
“Volunteer.”
“But have you seen them? They look more like criminals than cops. No matter how much they dress them up. You never used to see cops sporting tattoos. Not that I can remember. This new breed looks too violent to be police.”
“Well, they are neutered. Emasculation is supposed to curb violence. Is what I hear.”
“And where did you dig that word up?”
“That’s what Dad used to call it.”
“Emasculation?”
“Yes.”
“Well, whatever you want to call it, I’m not so sure it curbs enough of it. Remember last year? Three days. They kept me locked up for three days.” He held up three fingers.  “And nights,” he added. “For walking down the street in broad daylight, for heavens sake, minding my own business. Three days, with no privacy, to boot.”
Harry remembered, how could he not, Harman-Karman had brought it up often enough. “They must have had some reason.”
“You keep saying that.”
“And you keep saying they didn’t.
“They didn’t.”
Harry returned to his salad, another couple of careful bites, then blew on his tea to cool it. Sipped a little. “You were loitering,” he said.
“I know that’s what they said.”
“And you were not?”
“No. I was looking for bottled water.”
“Which returns us to the moral of that story: be sure you have enough bottled water before it sets in.”
“Trust me. The basement’s full of it.”
“I have to do some serious shopping,” said Harry after a moment’s silence.
The silence continued. Harry resumed his salad, Harman-Karman scratched Vixer behind his ears.
“Is it me, or is it getting worse every year?” said Harman-Karman.
“I can’t tell. A little, perhaps.”
“Weren’t we into July last year before the clean-up was complete.”
“End of June.”
“Even so.”
“Same as the year before, as I recall.”
Harman-Karman pondered that. “Perhaps you’re right. Seems crazier each year, though.”
“So, are you going through with it?” asked Harman-Karman after watching Harry eat for another little while, seemingly fascinated by his friend’s dedication to greenery, and to careful chewing.
Harry didn’t hear, or chose not to hear. What he said instead was, “How’s your pact coming. All confirmed?”
“No, it’s off.”
That earned him a concerned gaze. “Why? What happened?”
“She’s going to some spa in the High Sierras. Near Yosemite.”
“Wow. This is news.”
“Yes, I know.”
“So, change of plan, huh?”
“Yes.” Harman-Karman looked a little uncomfortable. A man with a problem, studying his tea.
“So, what are you going to do?”
“Don’t know. A pro, perhaps. Or maybe just vent, you know, keep emptying the bucket. At this point, I’m not sure.”
“Doesn’t sound like you.”
“What doesn’t?”
“Just venting.”
“True.”
Another short silence, Harry still digesting the news. “Wow. I thought you had it all arranged.”
“So did I. Well, I did. I did have it all arranged.”
“She didn’t give you much notice, did she?”
“Actually, she told me a couple of weeks ago.”
“Ah.” And didn’t ask why Harman-Karman hadn’t told him before.
“And you?” said Harman-Karman. “You’re still, what?, going through with your staring it down bit?” A little more pointedly this time, a question hard to miss, or ignore.
Harry decided to hear. “That’s the plan.”
“Or lack of one.”
“Or lack of one.”
“You’re crazy.”
“Probably.”
“Definitely.”
“Probably.”
“The floating thing?”
In the end Harry had had to tell someone. Someone not his mom, that is, someone not a mistake to tell; at least one person. It was as if his decision wasn’t fully his unless at least acknowledged by another person. And that other person, though not spiritually inclined—far from it, in fact—and maybe not even a person who would, or even could, empathize with, or grasp, his two ascensions, was Harman-Karman.
To Harry’s surprise Harman-Karman hadn’t laughed. Nor had he quite understood, and had admitted as much, sensing that honesty was called for. But he hadn’t laughed. So, you’re a mystic, he said. I’m not so much into that. I know, is what Harry had replied. I know.
But even if Harman-Karman didn’t empathize or understand, he knew that Harry was sincere, and he respected Harry’s quirkiness, as he put it.
“Yes,” said Harry. “The floating thing.”
“I know you’ve given this a lot of thought,” said Harman-Karman, “but you know that it can’t be done, right?”
“I don’t know that. Yes, you’ve told me often enough, and I’ve read it often enough, and I’ve arrived at that conclusion myself often enough. But I don’t know that.” Harry stopped playing with his fork, and looked up at his friend.
Who said, “You’re crazy.”
“Well, I know that.”
“It’s what they do in the Bible. Not in real life.”
“You mean Kristus?”
“Yeah.”
“He wasn’t the only one.”
“I know, you’ve told me.”
“So you see, it’s not impossible.”
“It’s been impossible for the last couple of millennia.”
“As I said, I don’t know that to be a true statement.”
“I think it adds up to wishful thinking,” said Harman-Karman.
“Perhaps.”
“You’re staying here?” Harman-Karman, after a brief pause and some not too subtle scrutiny of his friend, indicated the house with his left hand. A gesture which reminded Harry of some actor whose name escaped him.
“I think so,” said Harry. “I don’t know.”
“I can see you’ve worked it all out to the finest detail,” said Harman-Karman and took another sip of his tea.
“Exactly. I’ve done absolutely nothing.”
“Well, if that’s your plan.”
Harry didn’t answer, was looking at something else. Then said, “It’s a royal pain in the ass, is what it is.”
“What is?”
“The whole thing, the Season, the rush, the mayhem, the confusion, the whole damned thing.”
“It’s mother nature, is what it is,” said Harman-Karman.
“She does have an odd sense of humor, does mother nature, or if not humor, an odd sense of I don’t know what.”
“I must admit I kind of enjoy it,” said Harman-Karman.
“I know you do.”
“At times, anyway. When if first hits you.”
“It’s certainly hard to ignore.”
“No, seriously. Don’t you like it, that rush, that, you know that surge when it first hits you?”
“I guess,” said Harry. “I guess I would if that was all there was to it. But I don’t like to vanish, you know. It’s like drowning, in a way. Once it’s risen all the way, once it covers you, when you’re in it, gone. Drowned.”
“I don’t really see it as drowned.”
Harry didn’t answer.
“To me it’s more like, well, fully charged. Like a battery.”
“Some battery.”
“I know. But, before that,” said Harman-Karman, “Before you drown, as you said.”
“Yes,” said Harry. “Before that. I agree. That can be pretty spectacular. Especially the smells. I love the smell.”
“I was thinking more about the surge.”
“I know you did.”
:
Harman-Karman refilled their small Japanese tea bowls with by now lukewarm tea, then leaned back, looked out over Harry’s back yard, though he found himself mostly looking at a reflected Harry lost in thought, at his long fingers resting on the table, slightly overlapping—should have been a piano player, Harman-Karman thought, and not for the first time—at his brown hair falling forward, almost into his eyes, at his dark eyes resting on but not really seeing his hands.
Vixer returned after a sojourn to the living room and mumbled a bit, still hungry, he said to no one in particular. Then nuzzled up to Harman-Karman who on reflex reached down and scratched the golden retriever some more behind the ears.
Harry stirred, “And you? Anything yet?”
Harman-Karman turned to face him, as if trying to decide who had spoken, his friend or the dog. “Scents?”
“Yes. Or sounds.”
“No,” said Harman-Karman. “Nothing yet.”


::6::
Lara sat on her living room couch, elbows on her knees and head in her hands, looking over at, but not really seeing, her backpack where it huddled in its hallway corner by the front door, all set and ready to go. Impatient to go.
She had packed it a few days earlier, just in case, along with enough foodstuffs to last her; asking herself all the while what on earth she was doing, she was not going anywhere. It’s just in case, she’d tell herself, just in case something totally unforeseen happens, and she would have to get away fast. It’s just in case.
And now, looking at it—or at least in its direction—twice she almost rose to get the food and rest of her things together and head out, away, back up into the mountains, back to water and trees and the safety of the glade.
And twice she didn’t, but instead closed here eyes and went scouring for things internal with which to buttress and reinforce her resolve to stay: her decision to prove herself stronger than, larger than, the need to run; being a coward if she did; memories from Arcadia Blue that sang Helpless, Helpless, and she wasn’t helpless, she was Lara West, her own, not helpless, not running away, person. And she would not, would not.
She looked over at the backpack again, which now seemed to wonder what on earth she was doing, procrastinating.
Shadow seemed to wonder the same thing, sitting on the floor looking up at her, right at her, not even blinking. Isn’t it time you got out of here, Lara?
“No,” she heard herself answer.
Shadow made no indication he had heard her, nor did he look away. Lara didn’t notice.
She would stay and she would face the Season down, right here. From this very room, from this very couch, from this very spot, with this very cat right there, looking right at her—now she noticed. She did not go back on her word, not even on word to herself. She had decided, and for better or for worse she would live with her decision.
She reached down to scratch Shadow behind his ear, but this, apparently, was not quite agreeable at the moment, for he moved away, backed up, just out of reach.
“Shadow?”
He didn’t answer, but continued to look at her.
“I’m staying, Shadow. I’ve told you.”
And if cats could talk—or rather, if humans could here them talk—Lara would have heard him mutter something about totally crazy. Then he turned and sauntered into the kitchen, tail in the air: he was not going down with her ship.
Her backpack, too, seemed bemused by her crazy talk, and pleaded with her, please, Lara, be reasonable. What will you possibly gain by staying down here? Let’s go back. Now. Besides, you know it’s impossible. It’s one thing to keep a lid on things in the glade with trees and still water keeping things at bay, but quite another to do it in the midst of a raging battle. The mist will reach you, it will devour you. Don’t you remember your first few Seasons? You thought you’d gone insane.
Oh yes, she remembered. Only too well.
But she was done running.
She rose. Followed Shadow into the kitchen where she made herself a light dinner, not too happy with her decision, not too happy about wavering, but satisfied nonetheless that it was the right one, and that she was sticking to it. Leaving the backpack to its objections.


::7::
Fletcher Jones did not keep his promise. Knowing Josh, his brother-in-law, would still be at work, he invited himself back to his sister’s for an early dinner.
“You get the fuck out of here, right now.” Sam, trying to close the kitchen door on her brother, was shaking, and on the verge of tears. “You fucking promised.”
“I know. I meant today, today would be the last time I’ll bother you.”
“You said never again.”
“I know. And I meant it.”
“So what are you doing here? Josh will have a fit.”
“Last time. Cross my heart and hope to die. Just a beer and something to wash down.”
Sam had been through this before. She was not strong enough to physically throw him out—Fletcher, though Sam had an inch on him, and probably weighed as much, was surprisingly strong: 140 pounds of malicious muscle. So in the end she backed off, even held the door open for him.
“Last time.”
“You know it, sis.”
Fletcher went straight for the fridge and grabbed one of Josh’s beers, snapped it open with a fizz which dribbled onto the floor. If Fletcher noticed he didn’t let on, or do anything to prevent it.
“You know where the stuff is,” said Sam, turned, and left for the living room.
Fletcher set out to fix himself a sandwich. In the living room, Sam turned up the television volume. A few seconds later she turned and said, loud enough for Fletcher to hear, “You may want to see this.”
The regular programming had been interrupted by the breaking story, already subtitled in gaudy red letters: “The New Season.” Fletcher appeared in the living room doorway, then leaned against the frame, beer in hand. Interested.
The reporter, Alwyn Moore, breathing hard from what seemed a mixture of worry and excitement—at least by her facial expression, or perhaps she had been running—spoke rapidly to the camera, while behind her a crowd had gathered to observe the goings on; some looking at the television crew, and at Alwyn Moore, others fascinated by the two lifeless bodies covered by blue paramedic blankets. Half-open mouths. Some pointing. Not excitement so much as allure. The camera swung back to the reporter. Who said:
“Thank you Lynne. Yes, several witnesses here at the scene have now confirmed, and the police officers agree, that this fight, as first suspected, was indeed Season related. Making this, as far as we now know, the first incident of the new Season. Tragically, it ended in two deaths.
And continued:
“According to witnesses, a white male in his thirties, apparently in early heat, had caught the scent of a black female and was tracking her when he was attacked from behind by a teenage black man, not much more than a boy, also apparently tracing the woman’s scent.
“The ensuing fight had no winner. The teenager died from what the police officers say are stab wounds to the chest and face, while the man died from loss of blood, possibly from a bite in his neck which may have severed the aorta.
“So, while we still, by the calendar, have two days to go, the Season has indeed arrived. And with it a taste of what’s soon to come. Back to you, Lynne.”
“Thank you Alwyn,” said the pretty blond talking head which anchored the KTLA evening news. “And good work, as usual,” she added in that phony way which always rubbed Fletcher the wrong way—smug fucking assholes. Then the anchor, as if as an afterthought, asked of her reporter, “Now, isn’t this a little bit later than last year?”
“Yes, Lynne. Last year we had our first incident,” she quickly checked a note to make sure, “on the 25th of February. So we’re two days off the pace this year.”
“Now, that incident, as I recall, was a UII, no one was killed.”
“I believe you’re right, Lynne.”
“So, this does not bode well.”
Alwyn Moore frowned briefly, as if deciding where to go with this, then made up her mind to follow her anchor’s lead: to be as alarming as possible. “I agree. This is not a good sign. Seasons that open with killings tend to be worse, as far as fatalities are concerned, than those that don’t.”
“My thought, too.”
“Though that is not a hard and fast rule, statistically.”
“All right, thank you Alwyn. And be careful out there.”
“Thank you. I will.”
The camera left her solemnly agitated face—the kind of face only TV reporters seem capable of—and again panned across to the crowd, catching other reporters, and their cameramen, on the way there. The crowd was shown whispering, shrugging, grimacing, and more pointing. For some—the professional bystanders—there was no better entertainment, and there were a few in every crowd.
Then the picture returned to the studio, where the KTLA anchor woman stopped watching her little monitor and instead faced the audience again. Sighed, as if to impart extra severity to her next words. “There it is, ladies and gentlemen, confirmed. The Season has arrived, and unfortunately with two deaths. Whatever your plans are, please do what you have to do to prepare. And take care.”
“Hal-le-lu-jah,” said Fletcher, and took another long swig from the can.
“This is terrible,” said his sister. “They’re right, I’ve read it somewhere. When the Season begins with deaths, the count goes really high.”
“What’s terrible about it? The Season is here, a great new Season. It’s nature, Sis. A new dawn.” And laughed.
“I wish you’d just get the hell out of here.”
“I will. I promise. You won’t see me again.” The added, “Soon as I’ve finished this beer. And the sandwich,” which he turned to the kitchen to finish fixing.


::8::
Harry’s phone rang. It was Harman-Karman.
“Are you watching?” he asked.
“No.”
“Well, it’s here.”
Harry frowned, took a deep breath, and closed his book. He did not put it down. Something uncomfortable shifted in his stomach, not really fear, but a distant cousin. “Fight? UII? Killing? What?”
“A fight. With a killing. Killings, actually.” Harry could hear Harman-Karman’s television in the background.
“And Season related.” It wasn’t really a question.
“Indeed.”
“So it’s here.”
“It’s here.”
“Still going to work tomorrow?” said Harry.
“Probably. You?”
He hadn’t thought about it. Did briefly. “I think so. I’m still a couple of days off.” Then added, “If nothing else, to wrap things up with my clients.”
“Yeah, me too.”
Then neither spoke for what could have been an uncomfortable while, but wasn’t. Then Harman-Karman said, “Good luck.”
“You too.”
Harry hung up and stared at phone for a while, as if wondering what it was doing there, exactly. Then stirred and looked up and over at his dark television set. He could see himself in it, book in his lap, feet resting on his leather ottoman. Looking back at the looker.
It’s here. Hell breaking loose again. It was not a comforting thought.
He thought about turning on the set, but didn’t, apprehensive about what it would show, hoping to keep the Season at bay by refusing to look, by refusing to acknowledge, by refusing to agree. Instead he opened the book again, found his place and tried to read on. And tried again. Looked up, then tried again. Couldn’t. He closed the book and put it on the table. Leaned back into his armchair.
He could feel his scent intensifying almost by the minute, filling him with a finer and finer texture of evening. Truth be told, Harry didn’t mind this part of it, at all. Enjoyed it, in fact. The sensation was intoxicating and expansive both: it was as if his sense of smell went from a faint black and white, or a foggy gray, to brilliant three dimensional color—what dogs must experience all the time, he thought. He closed his eyes, and by scent alone could locate the various things in his living room: in a way he saw the various things in the room via odor: Vixer, of course, by the front door, like a little odor weather system, hard to miss. Then there was the front door itself, reeking with the new coat of varnish—well, new and new, it was two months old, but reeking nonetheless. The windows, the glass panes—the steely smell of long ago sand. His plants, each distinct, each boiling with scent. The television set, which even when turned off seemed to emanate ions or electrons or something which smelled of second, third, or fourth hand electricity. The fireplace, the chimney replete with soot and its dark, noisy smell of long ago wood. To live in this aromatic universe all the time, no, he would have no problem whatsoever with that, not at all. Vixer stirred. A quick glance at Harry. A moan to say, yup, still hungry. Not too hopeful though.
To Vixer’s pleasant surprise, however, Harry got up, filled his food bowl—the greatest sound on earth—then fixed himself some tea.
Harry returned with the tea to the living room and after three more attempts managed to enter the spirit of his book again.


::9::
I often think of myself as Neutered. Neutered. As if it were a proper noun; a name and not an adjective.
Neutered.
Hey, Neutered, it’s time to eat. Turn the TV off and come and sit down before it gets cold. So what did you do today, Neutered? Did you hear what Neutered said, Grandma?
A name like any other.
Or better yet, as if heralding a long and hard to read novel about whales: Call Me Neutered.
I was raised in the shadow of Jesus Kristus. Well, that’s what Grandma said, “We are raised in the shadow of Jesus Kristus.” Actually, that is not what she said, she said we are raised in the light of Jesus Kristus, but since that light has since faded and become shadow-like, her words, too, have changed, so now I can hear her very clearly say precisely that, that we are raised in the shadow of Jesus Kristus: to the point where I can even hear me asking her what she meant by that, though I can never make sense of her answers. He casts a purging shadow, is one of them. A healing shadow, was another. Why shadow? I’d ask. And she’d just shake her head in that Ah, children will be children way that usually meant that time was up and that was it for me asking any more questions. Surely I must have been asking about the light, not shadow. Memory is a funny thing.
Either way, in the light of, in the shadow of, the Untouched. Is how I was raised.
Under the spell of, is how I think of it now. Under the spell of Grandma, of the Bible, of the Untouched. Under the spell of all of them, especially the Bible.
Her Bible, by the way, was very old, it had belonged to her grandma’s grandma (she was fond of saying). She pointed it out to me once: Printed in 1867, illustrated by Gustave Doré, a French artist whose pictures I really, really liked, much more so than the words if truth be told. Grandma told me—and Mom confirmed this, so it must have been true, for Mom usually got her facts straight—that her Bible, when it was first on sale in America was the most expensive book offered anywhere in the country. Well, of course it is priceless, she’d add. Priceless indeed. The priceless book under which spell I was raised. Though I guess I’m not alone, to be raised under the spell of a Bible I mean—though not this particular one, of course.
It tells you all about the Season, the Bible does. The Season is older than the world: that’s all in the Bible. The Season begot the world, that’s in there too—though that takes a little reading between the lines (which Grandma was quite the expert at when she wanted to, other times she was extremely literal).
And the Storm returns again and again and again to teach us.
To teach us what, Grandma?
Humility, strength, purity, she’d say.
The Storm serves a vital purpose say my teachers, and say the books in school. Without it we would cease, humanity would simply up and vanish—as would the animal kingdom, for that matter—would cease to procreate and so would be no more. Gone. Not in God’s plan.
If your parents—or grandparents—haven’t already spilled the beans, you’ll get the first mention of it in first grade. When you grow up, every March—is what the teachers tell you—every March you’ll feel very strange and you’ll need to find a girl (or a boy) and you’ll mate, is what they tell you. And it doesn’t really matter how much you ask how it is that you will feel, precisely, they will not answer you with any sort of precision; you’ll feel like mating they say. And then usually mumble: You’ll find out soon enough.
And mating is what, exactly? I wanted to know early on, always the one to ask, always the curious one. Always the one to make the girls giggle and make the boys seriously think of beating me up at recess.
It is how babies are made, is the stock answer. I must have been told this a hundred times. But how, exactly? No, not in first grade; they would not elaborate. Nor in second grade. Nor third.
:
Oh, did I mention we don’t really talk about my father much. At times I wonder if he even exists, or ever did, he’s been met with so many fates, at least according to Grandma. If I weren’t here I’d be sure he was nothing but a figment of her imagination. Fiction.
“We don’t talk about your father,” she’d tell me in confidence, whispering lest Mom would overhear.
“Why?”
“He moved away.”
“Why?”
“He was a bad man.”
“Why, what did he do?”
“He was a baker.”
“Is that bad?”
“No.”
“What then?”
“He didn’t stay.”
“I know. That’s the bad thing, right?”
She’d nod. Then, “He died.”
“How?”
“He was run over by a train.”
“How old was I then?”
“I don’t’ remember, three maybe.”
But this was one story Grandma never got straight: “He was firefighter. Died in a blaze.”
“He drove trains, he did. Drove one of his trains right off of a bridge. Oklahoma, I think.”
“He was one ugly man.”
“It was his good looks charmed your mother.”
“What does charm mean?” I may have been four then, building my vocabulary.
“Charm?”
“Yes. What does it mean?”
“It’s not a word Kristus used.”
Or, “They were on their way to get married when he was killed by a bus.”
Or, “He had promised to stay with your mother, but he left well before the Season was over. Last I heard he’s in Europe somewhere.”
Or, “He was a hunter. It was terrible. It was uninvited. But Kristus has forgiven her.”
And, often, “You mustn’t ask your mother, it’ll make her sad.”
“Would it make her cry?” Again, perhaps I was four, or five.
“Yes. It would make her cry.”
At eight I was so confused about my father I had to make her cry.
My father had been a hunter the Season I was conceived. A hunter who had promised to stay. A good looking hunter who had given his word to marry her once the Season was over. A good for nothing hunter who’s word was empty and foul. That’s when she cried, and said she didn’t want to talk about it anymore.
Of course, I’ve asked her again since, just to get it straight in my mind; time and distance tend to mend these wounds, and as I grew older Mom no longer cried at his mention.
A nice enough man, she told me, but as obsessed with the Season as the next one. He had promised though, and she had believed him. Believed that he really meant to stay. Would stay and protect her—he was man enough to, believe you me—would make her his wife. Had we known each other better, come to know each other off-Season, I’m sure he would have stayed, she told me. But that’s the way with the Season, it rarely takes wishes and plans into account; and it certainly ignored your father’s and mine.
“So what happened?”
“He stayed with me for eight days. When I woke up on the morning of the ninth, he was gone.”
“Did you ever hear from him again?”
“No.”
“But Grandma says,” I’d begin to offer.
“Grandma says a lot of things, she’d sigh. “Especially about him.”
:
Then Grandpa died and Grandma moved in with us. I was nine then.
And now I got daily doses of Grandma: You need to walk in the shadow (or light) of Jesus Kristus she kept telling me. You’re such an innocent child, you must strive to stay Untouched, just like Jesus Kristus our savior.
“Leave the child alone,” Mom would tell her, and Grandma would frown and not say anything back, for fear of saying something she’d regret, is what I think, now that she lived with us and all.
“Why wasn’t Jesus Kristus touched by the Storm,” I’d ask her.
“Because he was God’s son,” said Grandma.
“But we’re all God’s sons and daughters,” I reminded her.
“Yes, yes. That is true. But Jesus Kristus was his only son.”
“That doesn’t even make sense.”
“What do you mean, child?”
“If we’re all God’s sons, and daughters, Jesus Kristus cannot be his only son. You said only son.”
“Never you mind what I said. What I meant was that Jesus Kristus is God’s only special son.”
“Because he is Untouched?”
“No, he is Untouched because he is special.”
“I don’t understand.”
“We’ll talk about this some other day.”
And some other day I’d ask, in a brazen mood, “So what’s the big deal?”
“What do you mean, child?”
“What is the big deal with being Untouched?” I actually wanted to know.
“Don’t be impudent.”
“I’m not. I don’t understand. Why is Untouched so important? Why is Kristus so important?”
 And then she’d roll her eyes in her Ah, these children way and smile and lick her lips (which she did often, her tongue darting out like a little lizard is what it made me think of, the eye-less head of a lizard, before she was about to speak). Then she’d say that I’d find out for myself soon enough. But once I insisted, wanted to know now, really, what was the big deal?
“The big deal,” she said, suddenly stern and stressing the word big, “was that Jesus Kristus remained spirit in the face of the Storm.”
“Remained spirit?” I asked.
“His spirit, his soul, his true self, it never drowned, it was never touched by the Storm.”
“Remained spirit.”
“Yes.”
“And no one else ever did this?” I asked.
“No, no one else ever did this,” confirmed my grandmother. Proudly, like.
“Please,” said Mom from the kitchen, doing the dishes by the sounds of it. “You don’t know that to be true.”
“If you’d deign to read the Bible now and then,” Grandma answered back, loudly, in Mom’s direction. Then she looked back at me as if to say Mom didn’t know what she was talking about.
“What does deign mean?” I asked.
“Don’t you worry about that,” said Grandma, and in that voice which I recognized as ruling out further questions down that particular path.
“It means to stoop down, to do something below your dignity,” said Mom.
“Like what?”
“Like me reading the Bible, apparently.”
“Jesus Kristus was the only one,” Grandma insisted.
“There were others,” said Mom.
“There were others?” I said.
“Yes,” said Mom.
“That remained spirit in the Storm?” I asked. “Untouched?”
“No,” said Grandma, and with finality. “There was only Jesus Kristus.”
“There were others,” Mom repeated from the kitchen. Loudly, and equally certain, approaching.
“Don’t listen to her,” said Grandma. Which confused me at the time, since Mom never lied to me as far as I knew, and usually—as I think I’ve said before—knew what she was talking about.
“The Buddha for one,” said Mom, who now stood in the doorway with a towel in her hand and frowning at Grandma.
“A heathen,” said Grandma.
“The Buddha was Untouched as well, and there were others,” said Mom, looking directly at me. “That is what religions are all about.”
“There’s only one religion,” said Grandma.
“There’s only one religion for Grandma,” said Mom, looking at me.
“Don’t be impertinent,” said Grandma.
“What other religions?” I asked, meant as a question for Mom.
But it was Grandma who replied, almost shouting: “We are not animals. We are better than, higher than, stronger than, finer than animals,” she said, quoting the most expensive book to be sold in America in 1867.
I wasn’t looking at Mom but I could almost hear her shrug. Shrugged so hard it trembled the air, perhaps that’s what I heard. She didn’t answer my question, though. Instead she sighed, mostly for Grandma’s benefit, I think, and returned to the kitchen and the dishes.
But the question stayed with me. Others had stayed untouched, had stayed undrowned, others had remained spirit in the face of the Storm? Who were they? These other religions (as yet not brought up in school at this time—I was only in third grade, remember), what were they? What did they say about the Storm?
Grandma was obviously not the source to turn to for information. She lived with her Bible, or in her Bible, I thought, carried it around the place—even though it was huge. More like hauled it around. And then she’d sit down to read it in the most inconvenient places and at the least convenient times, was how Mom put it, as when Mom had people over. And that was very true, not convenient at all: Grandma would simply arrive, sit down in the middle of them and start reading, sometimes aloud. Please, Mom would say, Please, and that would offend Grandma, who then would sulk and go to her room and read loudly, very loudly, from there, making Mom roll her eyes a little, smile almost ruefully and apologize.
Some of my friends wondered—more than once—if my grandma wasn’t a little soft in the head, but no, she wasn’t. Odd, perhaps, I agree. A little. But not crazy.
And not a good source of information. I found my school library to be a much better one; it did have a small section on World Religions.
At first I thought of checking some of these books out and read them at home—there was The Life of Siddhartha Gautama, which was about the Buddha; there was one book called The Fundamentals of Baha’i, which I never got all the way through; then there was a long book called The Wonder that was India, which covered India’s many religions from the word go; they had two or three books on Islam, and one simply called World Religions—but I soon thought better of it. Grandma would somehow sniff them out, and that would be that, she would have a fit. And would also, as a result, more than likely cut my secret allowance as well (at this time I was getting $5 a week from Mom and another $5 a week from Grandma which Mom didn’t know about—or, more likely, pretended not to know about—a boat I very much liked and did not want to rock). So, instead I read these books at school, during lunch and recess, sometimes even after class, especially if I was in the middle of an interesting part.
I came to find out that Mom was right (as usual). The Storm was central to these other religions, too. Though there were other questions—such as who we are and where we come from—the always burning on was: how to stay spirit when the Storm arrives, how to stay unaffected in the face of it? How to not drown? This, although apparently impossible to do—the various religions differed on exactly how impossible this was—was the goal of all life. On this they all agreed.
Well, then, I thought, how would we procreate if we stayed spirit and were not affected by the Storm, if we stayed Untouched?
I asked Mom once, well out of Grandma’s earshot. Well, there’s wasn’t any risk of that happening, she said. No one was taking the staying spirit thing too seriously. In fact, she added, very few were taking spirit seriously.
So why so many religions then?, I asked.
To keep people from going too crazy, said Mom.
I told her I didn’t understand, and she said I would soon enough.
And then March would roll around and Mom would get all edgy and Grandma would lock herself in her room with her Bible, and I’d be sent away to that center again, or to some camp or other if Mom could afford a camp that year.
:
As I may or may not have mentioned, I endured my first Season when I was fourteen. That was a little late, apparently. The norm is thirteen, twelve is considered early, fifteen very late. So I was a little late.
When I say endured, and I mean it. I was sure I was going crazy, sure that I had in fact gone crazy.
I was at camp when it happened, Mom had enough money that year; or maybe it was Grandma—who did have some money saved—who paid for it. Either way, I woke up one morning from the most amazing dream and all I wanted to do was to go back into it.
And that’s when I came to realize why the camp-staff checked the beds each morning in the older boys’ dorm. My sheets were a little wet and smelled faintly of fish. I had not peed myself though, no, this was something else.
All morning I walked around in a daze, scratching myself—I was all hard and sensitive below, and for sure crazy—trying to find a door back to that dream and then Mr. Drew (I think his name was, and who, I later found out, was a neutered) came and got me. Told me that what I was feeling was natural, absolutely nothing to be afraid of, and that I was not going crazy or anything. It was the beginning of the Season for me, he said. It was all very natural.
Then he told me to go pack my things—yes, right away, please—and within the hour I was on a bus and on my way to another camp not that far away that did not have any girls at all anywhere and which had a very high wall all around it and where we were all told a lot not to scratch ourselves no matter what, which I did anyway, a lot. We all did. It was a month full of inexplicable dreams and an increasingly sore penis—from all the scratching we weren’t supposed to do—and I thought it would never end; though in a way I kind of hoped it wouldn’t.
Other times I wished for nothing else.
Then it did. End.
They had told Mom (and Grandma) what had happened, of course they had. There are laws about these things.
When I came home Mom said with not quite a smile: see what I mean? and was really nice about money for a while, and Grandma wanted to read me stuff from the Bible all the time now.
Then I turned fifteen, then sixteen, then seventeen, and then—it was a Wednesday—Grandma died. Mom was a lot more upset about it that I would have thought. They didn’t seem to get along most of the time, but I guess she loved her deep down and missed her. She was her mother, after all.
And then I turned eighteen and stopped going to camp during the Season. There are laws about that too.
It’s one thing to survive—yes I guess survive is the right word—it’s one thing to survive the Season in a camp where you have nurses, and pills “to take the edge off,” as the expression goes—and even injections to put you out for a day or so if you need them; it’s quite another thing to face the Season on your own, out in TRW as we used to call it in camp, out in The Real World.
I think I mentioned, too, that I was not very assertive, and that, you see, is a real drawback when it comes to girls. For as I said, when it comes to the Season there’s always competition, always. Well, for me anyway. And I always lost out. And I mean always. Usually all it took was one fierce look in my direction from one of those possessed—I thought of those brutes who literally would kill you if you got in their way as possessed—and I’d back off, slither back home to my room and vent for the rest of the day, or week.
And, no—and I think I mentioned this too—I haven’t copulated much, you know, with real women. Four times in all. I say real women, for there were very clever, almost life-like dolls at camp that we were allowed to use on occasion, and I tried that a couple of times. It’s like practice. Apparently nothing like the real thing, though, from what the other boys—those who had done it, or claimed to have done it—said.
Then I turned twenty.
And then I turned twenty-five and my Seasons had turned into murky, frantic tunnels from which I wanted nothing but to wake up. That year’s Season was sheer hell, and as soon as it was over I decided to get neutered. Handle the whole thing. Out from under it.
I didn’t tell Mom about it. I didn’t tell anyone about it. Just did it.
Mom cried when she finally found out. Looked at me for a long time at first, as if to decide whether I was kidding; when she saw I wasn’t she tried to smile, though not very successfully, then came over to me and held me very tightly for a long time. My cheek got wet.
But Mom being Mom, she soon got over it—or appeared to. There are worse things I could have done with my life, apparently; at least I was helping keep the place together, as she put it.
Well, it was partially that—for there were good jobs to be had for a neutered, pretty much guaranteed—but it was mainly to get away from the craziness; and, of course the money, I cannot deny that. They pay you handsomely for going through with it.
As for jobs:
Health care and police topped the list, but there was also sanitation and such jobs, much needed during the Season when no one else functions well enough to keep things afloat. Jobs like utility worker (keeping gas, water, and electricity going), emergency phone operator (one of the busiest jobs around), you know, jobs like that.
I didn’t much care for the garbage detail, especially considering the devastation of the Season, and I couldn’t see myself as a cop (you have to be assertive, or at least be able to give that appearance); but health care, yes. Sure, why not. They needed people to handle the March madness, and as a nurse I would do some good off-Season as well.
So nurse it was. And nurse I am.
:
Years ago, well, up till 1973, compulsory castration was still in force. You know, to make sure there were enough police and hospital staff and garbage men (sanitation engineers nowadays). This was done by lottery. Each year the Federal Government’s Bureau of Sterilization (FBS) would estimate how many additional neutereds they’d need for the next Season and by a lottery system (same as they still have in many European countries, from what I hear) so and so many were picked from here and there and then sterilized or gelded. Castrated is not a much used word.
This—though admittedly hard on those chosen—kept law enforcement (in particular) strong and also kept hospitals and other facilities well staffed, and as a result the Seasons back then were not as devastating as they have become—at least, that’s what I’ve read.
That all ended with the Federal Freedom of Choice for Americans Act of 1973 (FCAA) which although challenged by several states—Utah, Idaho, Texas, and Florida come to mind—prevailed and became the law of the land. With it forced sterilizations were outlawed and a voluntary system was put in its place. This worked well for a while, especially since, initially, a lot of money was set aside for inducements and such to garner volunteers. But then those appropriations grew smaller and smaller and by the 1990s there were little or no financial benefits in offering yourself up for sterilization, just a guaranteed job and some extra March bonuses. And with that, it naturally followed—and I’m surprised they didn’t see that coming—fewer and fewer volunteers.
This to the point where we had an almost catastrophic shortage of functioning police and nurses and so on during the infamous Seasons of 1999 and 2000—when the clean-up/restoration was not complete until August and September respectively—after which the financial incentives were hurriedly put back in place to go with a new, strong recruitment drive. There was even some talk at the time of reinstating mandatory sterilization along with the lottery. This was shouted down, however.
A chemical solution would be so much better, of course. Something that would eliminate the urge—temporarily or permanently—but, alas, they are still looking for that one, nothing eliminates the urge.
The only thing that actually does the job are those injections that put you out, to sleep, gone—it’s not for nothing that they call them sleepers. And that only for the day; if you’re to skirt the Season altogether, you need a sleeper a day, which is very not recommended, long term effects and whatnot; though those who can afford it, and who don’t care, do this anyway. We call them, you guessed it (not very imaginative, I know): Sleepers.
The only thing that actually does the job, if you’re to stay awake and function—said a recent article on the subject—is sterilization, and by that the writer meant—he made this very clear—the physical removal of the testicles. He then goes on to say, that if the testicles are in place, physically there, you will go into heat once the Season arrives, no matter what chemicals you try (short of sleepers).
So, sterilization it is, that seems pretty much proven.
The article concludes by informing us that the scientific consensus is that there will never be a chemical solution. Ever. There is only the neutered solution, and that’s probably part of the jokey nature of God or fate or whatever’s up there amusing itself with the poor human race. For their sins, as Grandma would have said (and often did say).
You understand, I’m talking about the elimination of the need here, of the smothering of the urge. For of course, as I’ve alluded to, there are many chemicals and other treatments, herbs and such, that will—or attempt to—lessen the urge, that try to make it bearable, or less unendurable, and so forth; to “take the edge off.”
Oh, my, yes. Commercials are full of them during the approach, but none of these soothers—as they’re called—work well enough when it comes to people like us, you know, nurses, police, garbage collectors, public service sector. Us keepers of things running. We have to stay unaffected by the Storm—despite the dull ache that replaces the need—we have to stay functional.
I should also mention the Equal Rights Movement (ERM), and by that I mean the 1960s movement where women demanded that the Government use them as well as men as keepers of things running. And they tried it—it’s well documented—especially for health care. Only to discover that even with the uterus removed, the urge still descends upon women during the Storm, and they remain affected, at least until after menopause.
So.
Long story short: Three years ago I took the plunge.
As I said, I was tired of it, of that crazy, hectic fog that never let up. Also, I kept wondering and kept wondering about staying spirit.
I read a lot (still do). And staying spirit is how they mostly put it. Jesus Kristus talked about it all the time, especially in his Sermon by the Sea, which Grandma often read to me.
She left me her Bible in her will, by the way. I’ve been reading it lately. It’s a beautiful book, and quite valuable by now from what I understand. Mom has told me to take very good care of it, it’s like a nest egg she says. That valuable.
Anyway, Buddha also talks about staying spirit, and his solution was not prayer (which is what Kristus mostly prescribes; pray to your Father in Heaven and he will protect you, and shield you from the Storm, and nurse your spirit, et cetera) but what he called floating or ascension, which can be confusing since it is the same word the Bible uses for Kristus’ return to Heaven, but what Buddha meant by ascension was the spirit actually floating out of (and I guess up from, hence the word) the body. And once out of it, it would be unaffected by Storm. Untouched.
Now, you see, that made sense to me, theoretically, even though I’m not all that sure that there is such a thing as a spirit to begin with; but allowing that there is one, Mr. Buddha made sense. More sense than Kristus, to be honest. And the more I read, the more curious I grew: could it be that sterilization would help you stay spirit?
So that was part of it—the decision process—as well: Staying spirit.
Adding up and tipping the scales: I volunteered. Had it done.
Well, as I said, you don’t stay unaffected. There’s the ache. True, you do remain functional, which is the what the government cares about, you’re no longer compelled—but you ache.
And as for staying spirit: Let’s put it this way. The Storm still enters you, you don’t stay spirit; but you can’t do anything about it (in a way it feels like your body’s gone apathetic about it and given up and no longer bothers you, just aches), and that makes you safe, and functional, which is the operative adjective here.
But the Storm remains: although losing your nuts muffles it, so to speak, it certainly does not kill or deflect it. It’s still there, inside you, you can feel it move and shift, but it’s like you’ve got a body-wide, month-long shot of Novocain, you can feel it but you can’t feel it, if you know what I mean.
:
I work at St. Mary’s Hospital. Not the original Los Angeles St. Mary’s, that one burned to the ground during the 2000 Season, no, I work at the new one in Pasadena, which used to be called Fenton Memorial until they won the right to use the name St. Mary’s in court two years ago—how can a name apply to ruins, with no plans for reconstruction? went the argument. During the Season I mainly take care of UII victims.
On my floor, I work with five other gentlemen sans nuts and two older women, both beyond menopause, all calm now—although they still flush a little during Season.
And they’ve already begun to arrive, the UII victims, some dead on arrival. One of them raped then strangled then raped again by the looks of things. That was a woman from Alhambra, not too far from the hospital. The bastards broke into her apartment and went to town.
The new Season’s here all right.


::10::
Fletcher Jones was in his element: In what he spent the rest of the year waiting for, looking forward to—like others do Kristmas: the all out fantastic urge and the more or less legal license to indulge it as much as you want or can. The freedom to open yourself fully, to give yourself up to it, to simply let go, let loose, and run where the Storm takes you.
To let the Storm take over and be you.
What could possibly be greater?
He was always one of the first to stir, as early as the 25th some years, and he usually lasted a little longer. Most years he was a few days into April before he finally subsided. He counted himself lucky. Very lucky. Made for this.
He left his sister’s house before Josh returned from work. Not that he minded the guy, or that he minded the guy minding him. Just a hassle that’s all. So he did as promised, finished the beer and the sandwich, then another beer: for the road, he said with a grin, and slipped out through the kitchen door. Into the back yard, over the newly painted fence—Sam’s husband was a painter, after all—and down the alley beyond. He had to re-arrange his pants to accommodate his erection, tried it this way, then that, couldn’t quite get comfortable with it, but what the hell, worth it. Just not used to it yet.
He stopped to fill his head with odor. He was in full and lovely bloom now. The scents were everywhere. He breathed them, sifted them, sorted them: the flowers from the trees from urine from dogs from cats from garbage from insects from grass, ground, earth, water, rust on those garage door hinges, searching all that time for that very special, for that very telling scent: the here I am, honey, waiting for you, waiting for you, come, take me. And sifted some more. But there was none, no honeys within his range. Well, it was early, but there were always early honeys too, just have to find them is all. Sniff ‘em out, as it were.
The alley led onto Walnut Drive half a block south of Florence Avenue. He sauntered north, looking about, sifting, sifting, sifting the odors as he went, alert to any hint of a trail, much like a predator. Well, he was one, wasn’t he? The thought appealed to him: predator, that’s what he was.
Once he reached Florence Avenue he turned left, feeling great, a real high this. Partly the beer, but mostly the hunting. At last.
Evening was coming on and the light was fading. Even so, he kept to the deeper shadows, smelling harder than looking, alert for tangy call signs. Keeping close to the wall, he passed an electronics store. Three, no four, television sets in the display window and all showed another fight, the second, or third, or fourth, or whichever, he wasn’t sure, he couldn’t hear the announcer. Then the news program broke for commercial. And now they were all Seasonal: what to wear, how to paint your lips, how to attract, entice, invite. How to find the right mate—you don’t want to go with the first available one now, would you? How to escape, how to defend, how to fight him off if he isn’t the right one; one of those. Fletcher had seen them all before, of course, and to hell with that. He was here, and ready, and very available, and if you’re ready too, darling, I’m not so sure you’ll have so much say in the matter.
Word about the first incident—and with it the Season arrival—had spread, and with it a change in mood. He could see it in people’s eyes—caution now, quick glances, uncertain smiles: March or not, the Season was here, or as close to here as to not make much difference. He could see it in their steps: a little more hurried. Even the buses seemed anxious to be on their way a little sooner for the doors began to sigh shut even before the last passenger was all the way on board. You never know. Maniacs on the prowl. Every Season: The Crazies.
There were hunters and there were crazies. Fletcher, of course, didn’t consider himself crazy, just lucky. 
You could tell them—the crazies—if you knew what to look for: the thin anticipating grin; the empty, glowering eyes, hoodedly fixed on you, the prey; the breathing, shallow and fast; the heart racing loudly enough to almost hear; the sweaty palms; the crouch; the need, carved in his face, his features, his movements.
But close enough to tell a crazy from a regular hunter—not that you wanted to get in the hunter’s path either, far from it—for certain, well, that was far too close: that was the famous dilemma.
So, you take no chances: if he looks like a crazy from a distance, even vaguely, be wary. Turn aside, use the other sidewalk, use another street, take the next bus even if it isn’t yours. Shut the doors. Keep distance.
Away.
They warned about them in many of the commercial television spots, and on the radio too. Be careful out there had grown into a slogan over the last many years, you could hear it everywhere. Yes, most men, even the hunters, are good at heart, if a little, or a lot, too friendly, of course, but most will stop short of UII, if you insist, if you really insist. Most will.
Most.
But not the crazies, they will stop at nothing. Too blinded by the need, to driven by the Storm, they have been know to advance, and advance, and keep advancing despite the first, the second, the third bullet; pursuing—like a frenzied animal with blood on its teeth—until their harts find nothing more disseminate.
So, beware. Just take care out there, okay?
Pure sap. Fletcher was a hunter—a predator, he smiled again at the taste of that word—and proud to be one. And lucky.
The diesel from the departing bus stung in his nostrils. He had to turn away and cover his nose. Fuck, man. Two women with a little boy between them cast him worried glances as they passed. They seemed to know. He showed signs. Hugging the wall like that, and covering his nose, crouching, could only mean.
The two women exchanged quick, meaningful glances and hurried their steps. The little boy looked up at them, complained; he had to run to keep up, almost dangling between them barely touching the ground as he ran, each of them with one of his little hand in hers.
But neither of these honeys were ready, not even a hint of ready, so why so worried, ladies? Fletcher moved on, scenting deep rivers of air. Sifting, sifting for a trace.
He had almost reached Hooper when he caught it. Only a suggestion at first; blocks away to the south. He took another slow, deep breath through his nostrils: then there was no doubt. A honey all right, out and about, and broadcasting indeed.
Following the scent, Fletcher turned down Mace Place. It was stronger to his left and south. Over to Parmelee, and walking fast now with short, flexing strides, almost running, he turned south.
Same as the guy across the street, come from the opposite direction. Fletcher held up and slipped into a doorway. The other guy hadn’t seen him yet. But then he, too, stopped mid-stride, froze, and tested the air, turned to his right and spotted Fletcher soon enough. There was no hiding, not with this damn scent, and no way of turning it off either. You could smell the competition as loudly as you could the prey.
For several long seconds neither of them moved, one sizing up the other. The guy was not black exactly, but leaning in that direction. Black dad probably met a Mexican honey, something like that. Nor was he particularly big, which was a good thing, for Fletcher stood only five foot eight on a good day, with not much meat on him—though what meat there was was sinewy and mean. And he could fight if need be, liked to, in fact.
The other guy—heavier, and none of it fat by the looks of it—apparently decided he could take care of Fletcher if need be; unfroze, and set out down Parmelee again, daring Fletcher to follow.
Fletcher didn’t move for several more seconds. He was not in a fighting mood, not yet anyway, but the honey was close now, and clearly begging for it, and he was damned if he was going to give her up to some grease ball darkie. And then wished he had brought a weapon, a gun, a knife, anything, wondering at the same time if the other guy had.
He set out again, in the direction of the honey, keeping the other guy in sight, all the while scouring the sidewalk for anything he could use, a stick, a stone, and there, a piece of heavy gauge wire, a foot or so, in the street near the gutter. Fletcher picked it up and, with some effort—this really was heavy wire—bent it around is right hand: makeshift brass knuckles, with the sharp edges sticking out on each side. Would have to do. Certainly better than nothing.
The other guy cast him a glance now and then, not pleased. Was the guy armed? No way of telling. He should be more worried, Fletcher knew that, but with the honey so close.
She was watering the lawn of all things, in a back yard on 77th Place. In the rapidly fading light, almost dark now. Didn’t she know? Fuck, she must know. They all know, don’t they, when it sets in?
From what Fletcher could make out she wasn’t much to look at, not by any stretch, but not a complete disaster either. But then again, once the heat took hold, complete disasters did not really exist, did they? This one did have shapes, though, nice ones too. Full ones. Curvaceous was the word.
Then she stopped short, tested the air, and turned. Saw them, first the darkie and then Fletcher. Then she carefully put the hose down. Walked over to the wall and turned off the water. Slipped inside.
Moments later, her husband, man, boyfriend, brother, what have you, slid open the back door and looked out. “Get the fuck outa here,” to both of them, no more than ten paces apart now, “I’ve got a gun.” Showed it. Then slid the door shut, locked it, and drew the drapes.
The other guy spoke first, “This is fucked.”
Fletcher didn’t answer.
“She’s got company.”
“I noticed.”
“Wanna do him?”
Fletcher hadn’t thought of that, not yet. Thought about it now, though. And the thought appealed to him. But that would mean sharing the honey, unless he could take care of this guy afterwards.
“He’s got a gun,” Fletcher said. “You saw it.”
“So do I,” said the guy, and held up a 9 millimeter automatic.
“Damn,” said Fletcher.
“Well, you never know,” said the guy.
“Damn,” said Fletcher again. “Okay. Fuck, let’s do it. Let’s team this one.”
The guy nodded, and kept his gun out.
Fletcher picked the back door lock easily enough, and the other guy proved to be very talented with both ends of the gun. Between them they beat the husband, boyfriend, brother, what have you, senseless and then beat him some more, and then feasted, repeatedly, on the luscious, if not very good looking—especially in the much better inside light—honey over the next hour or so.
Oh, damn this was great.
And Fletcher didn’t mind sharing, especially not with someone who could do that much damage to a face with a pistol butt, in that short amount of time. She cried at first—they usually do, these spoken for lilies—but then could not help herself. She was in heat, all the way, and when it came right down to it, Fletcher had never seen a single honey who in the end would say no and actually mean it. She sniffled off and on between servings, but stopped once they got going again.
Oh, man, this was life: and it was absolutely fucking fantastic.
Once done, the little honey, or not so little—curled up on the big bedroom bed—kept moaning between sobs what sounded like ill over and over, which Fletcher finally realized must have meant Bill, probably the guy’s name. Bill wasn’t very pretty, and wasn’t moving so much either, no, not a bit.
Good luck with Bill, darling.
They let themselves out the patio door and left without a word to each other. In opposite directions. Different circumstances could as easily have seen them fight to the death. Not this time, though. Fletcher couldn’t help grinning. He just loved this. Just loved it.


::11::
Helen and her husband larry were watching the news. Susan and Brad were down in the den, not watching television, Larry had made sure of that: by unplugging it and carrying it up and out into the garage. Nothing on now for you guys, play your computer games or something.
“It’s coming again, isn’t it?” said Susan.
“What’s coming again?” her brother wanted to know.
Susan told him to shut up, as Larry nodded, yes, it’s coming again. But that’s not what he said. What he said, again, was “Why don’t you play your computer games or something.”
The news showed another fight. The fourth, the fifth, the tenth? Helen wasn’t sure. And here was the Season’s first UII.
The commercial breaks weren’t much better. God, she hated this. This blatant, such a damned blatant, what’s the word, exploitation, of the Season. It wasn’t as if you could do anything about it, but why on earth would you want to aggravate the situation? Some very shapely woman was telling her to wear a skirt that barley covered her panties because “If you don’t invite them, they won’t come.” A phrase, and supposedly clever double entendre, she recognized from last year’s campaign, as well as a lie and a laugh. She knew very well, and so did the idiots putting these commercials together, that they would come either way, invited or not. Couldn’t help but. It was the scent, not the view, that drove them. So why? Why this tripe? She looked over at Larry who watched the commercial too, with a puzzled not quite disapproving frown. “Boy, that barely covers her, you know. Won’t she be cold?” he said.
“Lara is staying this year,” said Helen
“What?”
“Lara is staying this year.”
Larry turned to face her. There was a brief pause while he put two and two together, and arrived at four. “She’s not taking off?”
“No, she’s staying put this Season.” Then added, “That’s what she says.”
Larry faced her still, tried to assess the significance of this, why was she telling him this? Helen could tell he came up short.
“I’m worried about her,” she said. “She’s never been around, from what she tells me. Not since her first few Seasons.”
“Where does she go?”
“She’s actually never told me. Just that she gets out of town, as she puts it.”
“That’s odd.”
“Yes it’s odd. She’s odd. But I like her.”
Larry looked back at the television screen, another commercial, as blunt and blatant as the next, selling God knows what sort of ointment or weapon—to defend yourself, mind you. Then he turned to his wife and said, “We should get Susan and Brad off to the center. Tomorrow, perhaps.”
“I’ve felt nothing yet,” said Helen.
“Me neither.”
“Then it can wait. Maybe Friday.”
“Probably Friday.”
Down in Florence, said the reporter—and damn if she didn’t seem happy about it—some woman had been subjected to UII. In her own house. Everything pointed to more than one perpetrator, for they had assaulted and nearly killed her husband in the process.
Larry shook his head. These things made absolutely no sense to him. Not yet anyway, since his Season had not even begun to stir. The frightening part, however, was that once it did stir, once it did arrive, these things took on meaning and were no longer entirely pointless. Not quite as terrible. Even carried some thrill.
He looked over at his wife who still seemed to brood on Lara not getting out of town this year.


::12::
Harman-Karman had not been entirely truthful with Harry. He had noticed things. If only the beginnings. His scent was, if not a whole lot, at least noticeably sharper. Nothing like Harry’s yet, but still, the cheese was a little more pungent, the wine a little more fragrant. He could even tell by scent there was a cat not far from his back door, prowling for something to eat, or chase, or kill. Not like Harry’s blocks away yet, but still, louder than yesterday, louder than this morning.
But more than smell—and this was an oddity with him: normally hearing was not much affected by the Storm, what mostly altered was the scent, of course, and sight, and to some degree taste—his hearing had sharpened considerably, for not only could he smell the cat, but the sounds of soft paws and nimble legs making their way into his back yard also reached him loud and clear.
It wasn’t just as if someone had turned up the volume. It was finer than that. His hearing grew discerning, tunable. He could direct and focus it, like others directed and focused their sight. It became hearing with very good binoculars. He could, for example, focus on that cat—who, by the way, had stopped moving now, and stood stock still, had probably spotted a mouse or some other rodent—and shut most of the remaining world out.
This, in his experience, meant his Season was only two days off, at most. And it meant, he told himself—now that his pact had fallen through—he would have to figure out what to do.
He turned on the late news. The official count was already up to eighteen. Twelve fights, six UIIs, plus an additional five arrests for stalkings and attempted rapes, not officially part of the tally. By tomorrow, he thought, hell will have broken completely loose.
And now that things had started, the media too—and he should know, he worked in advertising after all—would go crazy. For once a Season arrives, officially or not, and for the next week or so—after which the Storm will have gained so much hold that no one paid much, if any, attention to ads or commercials anyway—all advertising, well, virtually all advertising, will focus on one thing, and on one thing only: mating. Tomorrow’s papers will feature very few ads other than; and the television spots, already more frequent, feature nothing but. 
And here came number nineteen. Another fight said the anchorman—that guy who shaves so closely, or so often, that his cheeks always shine (they could, should, fix that in make-up, he thought)—and not far away either, Gardena. According to witnesses, two teenagers had knifed and killed a third boy, apparently in a brawl over a woman in early heat. All three youths reportedly in heat as well. The reporter either didn’t have all the details or was withholding them, things sounded a little sketchy. Perhaps they were juveniles. Still, that brought the tally to nineteen.
The news now displayed what at first glance struck Harman-Karman as a scoreboard—damn, he looked again, it was a scoreboard—brightly tracing the figure nineteen. In very bad taste, he thought. And here was another commercial break: surprise, a mating spot.
Harman-Karman tuned it out.
The cat had apparently had enough of whatever it was chasing and was moving on. So the thing had outwitted him—and, yes, he sniffed the air again, he was definitely a male. Who said cats were smart anyway? Harman-Karman had a T-shirt that he liked to wear to piss his cat-loving friends off at times: picture of dumb, ungrateful cat, text below: “I am stupid, and I hate you – feed me.” His dog-loving friends approved, for the most part. His cat-loving friends not entirely sure how to take that.
He could hear this particular outwitted cat slink away along the side of the house and in under the garage. To lick its wounded pride, no doubt.
Another commercial: This one promoting a professional service bureau. Supplying both men and women of pretty much any legal age, race, color or creed, available by the hour, day, week, or for the entire Season should you so choose (offering special discounts for weeks and full Season—call for details). Did not come cheap, though. Harman-Karman (actually interested in this now that his pact had fallen through) surveyed their wares: long-legged white females, mainly, a few well built brutes in elegant suits. He recognized the outfit, one of the classier ones. In fact, they had been clients of his firm at one point, up until a couple of years ago. He didn’t know why they had parted ways, wasn’t his department, not his job to keep track of the comings and going of clients. But it had been a big deal at the time, when they left them for a New York firm. Someone, Wilson—yes, that was his name, cocky bastard—had got himself fired over it.
Another commercial. Which Harman-Karman watched with a detached professional interest. He actually had the habit of switching from one channel to another when a commercial break was over in order to find another one to scrutinize, evaluate, compare; something Harry—though he professed to understand why—just couldn’t get over: “You’re inverted, man, transposed.”
This one promoted an herbal adjustment guaranteed to “take the edge off.” Six weeks supply. A small fortune. Sloppy job, thought Harman-Karman and switched the channel. And again. And again. Odd that he couldn’t find another commercial; ah, they had discovered number twenty. Out and out UII. The woman not too badly hurt. The offender was a white male in his late teens according to witnesses, just a boy said some very upset neighbor who would not stop crying into the camera (which news directors for some reason he could not grasp deemed good for their ratings, always someone crying into the camera). Enough of this.
He turned the television off and listened for the cat again. Not a trace of him. Lots of other sounds, though: in the bushes, under the house—mice he reckoned—across the street, wind in the trees.
He glanced at his wrist watch, it was getting late, and he decided to call it a day. Did his usual round of the house to turn off all lights (except the porch light, which he turned on). Checked the windows and doors, then retired to his bedroom.
:
Harman-Karman had kept a journal ever since he learned how to write, and he was now on volume twenty-four.
True, you wouldn’t really call volumes one through seven “volumes,” precisely, they were more like collections of sporadic jottings housed by spiral bound notebooks of various colors and sizes. But starting with volume eight, which he began at age fourteen, he had turned more or less religious about it, and spent some time each day before he went to bed recording not only what he had done (which he sometimes even skipped), but, more importantly, what he had felt, thought, hoped, wished, desired, decided, you name it, during the previous twenty-four hours. One day, he kept telling himself, one day he would make some use of them, perhaps there was a novel or something in there, a memoir, something, some day, but for now, he kept jotting—as he sometimes thought of it, though not in public, where it was known as journal keeping.
Truth is, it had become a need, something that fulfilled him. His day wasn’t complete without it.
That is, each off-Season day. Come the Season, no matter how hard he had promised himself to keep the journal up, no matter what, he always missed some, if not most days. It wasn’t that he was unable to bring himself to do it, he simply forgot, forgot he was keeping a journal, forgot there were such things around as journals.
:
His bedroom faced his back yard. As did his small bedroom writing desk, neatly tucked in under the window. It was a sturdy thing, made out of oak and maple. He had bought it years ago with just this in mind: a place for his journal. A miniature sanctuary. With a drawer just large enough to keep it, and a surface just large enough to comfortably write it, it was the perfect accessory. He had found it at an estates sale and it had been like spotting an old, though quite expensive, friend across a crowd. Love at first sight, et cetera. It had served him well and faithfully ever since.
Now he sat down, opened the drawer, took out the book, and the pen; took a brief look at his reflection in the window, frowned at it, then looked down, and wrote:

H-K Journal—2/27/2008
The Season is here.
Twenty incidents so far, so we’re all underway. Ad-wise all hell will break loose tomorrow. Honestly, I wonder why we do it. It’s not as if we need reminding, or need prodding, or tempting. That’s amply taken care of by nature, who I believe has done a thorough enough job of it from day one. But, surprisingly, it does move product, there’s no denying that. And it does put food on many a table, mine included. So I’m not complaining, mind you.
There are two days to go till March—we’ve a leap years this year. My scent is stirring. And my hearing’s back. Heard a cat this evening. Clearly. So, I’m not far off then. A little early this year. Wonder if age has something to do with that? Whether you’re early or not. Got to check up on that.
Harry’s started up too. His scent. He can already smell for blocks.
I hope this Season will not be as violent as the last.
And this year I will keep this journal up.
Whatever it takes. I know I say that every year, but I will.
I will.
:
His journal closed with a soft whisper, more like a papery gasp at being shut so soon.
It was a thick leather-bound notebook of about five hundred, eight and a half by eleven, quality sheets—five hundred and twelve to be exact—which he had paid way too much for, according to Harry. But Harry didn’t keep a journal, and didn’t realize—although Harman-Karman had tried to make him see, and more than once—that this book meant as much to him as eating, as much to him as sleeping, as much to him as anything. It was something you just couldn’t pay too much for. Money and this book did not share a universe, they traveled different time streams. His hand rested on the book’s smooth, nearly black surface, cool and old to the touch. Confidant. Best friend.
Then he put it away in its drawer.
It was dark outside. All he could see in the window was his own face, his own mouth, and now his pen tapping his teeth as if he had suddenly delved into deep thought, which he really hadn’t, but it was an interesting pose, and one he liked to strike now and then. The pondering pose. Speculative.
Then he stirred out of it and let the pen follow the book into the drawer. He pushed it shut, rose, and went to bed.


::13::
The Storm—aware of itself, or unaware of itself, depending on your choice of philosophy, if any—was still gathering.
Was still stirring from its nearly year-long hibernation: exiting caves, crevices, rivers, lakes, swamps, earth, still rising from the glowing core of planet into ground level sky, into mist unseen; gathering and stretching and testing limbs and filling lungs. Ancient mass amassing.
Eager little forerunners—tendriled little stormlets—too happy to be alive again to quite contain themselves: free at last—had already shivered into independent life and slipped away to race across the deserts and mountains and fields and highways for the glittering ocean to the west. Eager to seek, to touch, to spark, to fill, to wreak.
Purpose? Does an unthinking thing have purpose? Does a thing that is purpose, have purpose?
It did not ask these questions, for it would never occur to it to question itself. Things were, had always been, would always be.
Storm.


::14::
As Harry drifted for sleep he thought he could hear—or if not hear, then sense—the Storm approach: An inland tsunami gathering beyond the mountains whose scouting tendrils, like trickles, were already reaching Los Angeles, were already touching here and there, setting things off: sparks heralding the Season, making television crews scramble to reach scenes.
He did not sleep well. His dreams were filled with odors, pursuit, and much killing.


::15::
Lara did not sleep well. Her dreams brought her turbulent rivers and inclement weather, rolling mists and hooded eyes, all in search of her.
And a vast gathering somewhere in a Kansas which was not really Kansas or where Kansas was supposed to be, but far to the south of there in mostly desert (where the Gulf of Mexico should be), though there nonetheless: a gathering on perhaps thousands of short, nearly non-exiting legs, collecting itself, gathering, gathering, gathering, and now slowly scurrying out for her. In it’s windy—no dusty; no misty—hands it’s got a much folded sheet of detailed directions, a map with arrows and finely-printed instructions leading directly to her, showing exactly where she was, and where she’ll go, where she’ll hide, it’s all on that map that knows what she intends even before she does, and which rightfully should belong to her but doesn’t, it belongs to the Storm, and the Storm is now studying the directions—then looking up and around for any telltale signs—then back to the map, intent on finding her.
And then her dream locks the door behind her, on the small padded room in Arcadia Blue, with a click, and then another click, with her inside, aching, as much from apprehension as from the sudden onset of fever. She has heard about the Storm, of course, and about the signs, of course, the feverish signs; the older girls will always talk about them in the spring and the younger girls will always listen in and pretend to know all about them as well. So far she’s been doing the nodding and listening, the pretending.
But several times these last few days she has caught the nuns leaning closer to each other, whispering, in small snakelike words—so she wouldn’t hear, but she did anyway—about how the Season (which really sounded like hissing) will surely visit her this year by the looks of things, and what should we do about it; but when she asks them what are they talking about, are they talking about her? Oh, no, not at all, dear—if they choose to hear—or no answer at all when they choose to pretend she wasn’t there and hadn’t said as much as a word.
Then one morning they come for her and with only the one answer to her urgent questions: “It’s time, my dear,” they put her in this small room, this padded little room which is more like a cell than a room with its high, barred window and no sharp corners, this little room which she knows is for girls in Season, with it’s blue and white door with a single wire-mesh enforced little window, and now they close this door behind her and turn the lock, twice—just to make sure. As if this girl needs extra locking up.
Then it starts, that same morning, or the following morning, memory seems deceiving, but it starts, and it starts from the toes up through her calves to her thighs up the inside of her thighs and all she can think about is to stick something up there, something big and pulsing and then ride, ride like a seesaw up and down and it burns even harder at the thought of that and she has to scratch and the moment she does the nuns—who observe her through the little window in the padded door—unlock the door, twice, and come rushing in, two or three strong ones, and they strap her down to the bed with leather straps not as well padded as the walls so that she can’t scratch and the burning, which at first felt kinda nice actually, intensifies and grows teeth and now rips rather than strokes and there is nothing she can do about it for she can’t move her hands now and she knows, she actually knows, that she is going crazy for absolutely and definitely sure.
And the gathering on its millions now legs and small feet feet feet with map in hand—a giant giant caterpillar with unkind eyes—knows she’s hiding in this little padded room in Arcadia Blue and even though she’s hiding in the past it knows how to follow her back there and into dream, and now it’s outside the door and rattles the handle harder and harder and she knows that if it enters this little room—the room so small, and this outside rattling the door thing so big—she’ll suffocate. She must keep it out of her little cave, her little padded cave with the still lake not a stone’s throw away and the tall impolite trees standing guard. And the burning knows no end, but she will not scratch. She will sit and watch the water ripple ripple ripple against the shore and she will listen to the wind talking to the trees and she will not scratch and she feels how the trees surrounding—though not really pleased she’s there—still, they somehow reach her, reach through her, doing their best to comfort her, to still the beating pulse, to soothe the burning, and the little padded door seems to hold the Storm at bay but she has no idea for how long, or if the trees are going to grow tired of keeping the Storm at bay.
Her eyes sprung open onto the hard to make out ceiling.
She had left the counter light on in the kitchen and it was now creeping in trough the small hallway and the little crack where her bedroom door stands not quite shut to drape with a not quite darkness the ceiling, the walls, the bookshelf, her dresser, her side table, her bed, her blanket, her hands, which she held up close to her eyes, five-fingered darknesses against the not quite as dark.
She was trying to decide, was she awake or still dreaming. Then she looked closer at her fingers, moved them, noticed them move and decided that she was indeed awake. Awake, hearing her heart still strain against her chest for escape. This was awake, that had been dream, a terrible dream, which she for a moment could not remember a thing about but then slowly did, the rattle of the handle, the little room—had it really been padded?—at Arcadia Blue. Something shifted outside. It was a tree, bending toward her window, touching it, not gently, like the trees in her dream, like the trees by her cave, reluctantly clearing the mist.
Oh, Kristus, she was insane to stay. She eased herself onto her elbow. Looked closer at the window, at the tip of a branch just outside, tap, tapping on the glass. And in the hallway she could almost hear her backpack shifting restlessly about by the front door, let’s go already, let’s go. She turned her head in that direction, made it out. Unmoving, but impatient. She eased back into the pillow. Closed her eyes. Opened them again.
She could make out the ceiling now, was the last thing she thought before she drifted off into dream again, another dream, this one not so unpleasant, alive with fragrance.


::16::
Some have philosophized—principally Heruclides, the Alexandrian, and Howe, his latter-day disciple—that each soul on Earth has its true and only nemesis in the Storm; that for each soul there is a precise and malevolent Storm counterpart, call it a breath, or a gust, a life even—or if not a life, a livingness—to match; that we are in effect born part spirit, part Storm.
Today, this strikes many a little far-fetched, and is something Modern Science—advocating as it does the gene theory—scoffs at, and in fact barely stops short of ridiculing even though the notion and theory of malevolent Storm counterparts is found not only in past religions but in past—and some current—philosophies as well.
And for good reason, for there is in truth no single soul on planet Earth who is not touched by the Storm, and touched by it in a personal and precise way; each soul quite convinced, once touched, that his or her private dreams—those seldom or never spoken, or shared, dreams; those not even articulated but dreamed nonetheless—that his or her hopes or thirsts or desires would be fulfilled if only, if only: and here the connection severs, for logic cannot bring itself to take the final step, or leap: would be fulfilled if only they would copulate? For that is the private promise of the Storm: I will complete you.
Viewed in the calm, off-Season, light of day the Storm’s many personal promises make little or no sense, they simply do not logically add up; for why should, or how could copulation be the answer to one’s personal dreams and wishes? It simply does not follow.
Then again—and this is a crucial question—why is it then, that once the Storm arrives, they all, all these individual longings and promises, spring to life again and so beautifully and forcefully bridge this chasm in logic: Yes, copulation is the answer, after all. If only. If only. And now it makes perfect sense.
This large, stormy, beautiful calling that explains everything by never explaining anything.
For the Storm, once arrived, once it enters, grows larger than logic, dwarfs logic and promises the illogical with impunity—and for that fleeting orgasmic moment seemingly delivers.
In this light, the Storm could be viewed as para-logic, if you will; many do.
Add to this that once the Storm does arrive, honestly, who cares about logic anyway? When all one’s inmost dreams and goals are so within reach. So near, so close, so touchable, if only. When no dream seem to fall outside this need, this need to. This all encompassing need to.
How does it know? This perfectly matched counterpart, this misty mirror of the soul. This personal twin demon. It has never been proven it isn’t so. Though, for that matter, nor has it been proven it is.
And that is the problem with philosophies like ours: they are so finely and nebulously spun that truth turns unclear.
Whether the Storm consists of individually matched Stormlets, or one single broadly compelling force, much money and effort is spent each year trying to determine its true source. In part out of scientific or philosophic curiosity, but also with an eye to perhaps discover a “cure,” a defense, to discover a choice.
But it is nigh on impossible to track something you cannot physically see (though many do claim they see it each year). It is not like the Storm is a fog that crawls up from marshes and lakes to fill forests to then slink down mountains—even though that is, precisely and paradoxically, how it is most often described by those who claim to see it: as a milky fog.
For the rest of humanity—that don’t see it, if indeed there is anything there to see—it simply arrives, tracelessly, each year, as if invisibly rising out of the Earth or falling from clouds as unseeable rain, or, as some—the lunatic fringe—maintain, ooze out of television sets.
Perhaps it makes its home on the moon (a widely popular notion in the late eighteen hundreds) to shine down upon a defenseless Earth come the Season. Maybe it is part and parcel of the Earth itself, sublimating once a year. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe.
But since it does indeed arrive—and no one disagrees on this point; since it does have destination, it must it arrive from somewhere: another thing agreed. And that is why, even though you can’t see it, even though you can only testify to its existence by falling pray to it, the prevalent aim both of science and philosophy, though they approach the problem from different angles, is to trace—or claim to trace (some, it is often and publicly alleged, receive considerable funding for doing exactly nothing)—its source.
Many West Coast philosophers hold that the Pacific Storm most likely gathers in or around the mountain states: Utah, Colorado, and spreads west from there. East Coast philosophers claim other sources: Georgia, North Carolina, even New Jersey, according to some.
A smaller, but at times very vocal section of the West Coast philosopher fraternity is still of the once popular out-of-the-sea persuasion. But that, according to majority consensus, is only a convenient (but far from true) explanation, the Pacific Ocean being so near and so handy and often so foggy, especially at that time of year.
East Coast philosophers mostly argue about whether the Storm arrives from the center of the continent, coming at them from the west, or from Canada in the north, or out of the Atlantic to the east. Most of the northern states—Vermont, the Dakotas, Maine, Idaho, Montana—seem convinced Canada is to blame for our March troubles. Often not jokingly.
Canadians favor the North Pole, or the United States as the malignant source—malignant in the philosophical sense of clouding judgment and logic.
Many have set out to end speculation and find its source.
Many may. Endless expeditions, each freshly funded, freshly enthused, setting out to positively, finally, and beyond all question establish the source of the Storm.
For everybody—except, of course, Modern Science—agrees: It has to originate somewhere. It has to, since it does in fact arrive. And anything that arrives has to originate, ergo: it comes from somewhere. But how do you track that which is both trackless and invisible?
That is the question.
:
At least the philosophical question, for today the world holds two major views.
The philosophical view: The Storm has, must have, a source, or many sources; or as someone recently put it: it is a single lung with many nostrils.
The modem scientific/popular view: It’s nature. Plain and simple. It is how we are made. And this is what children are now taught in school: It’s in the genes, we’re programmed this way. We have an internal alarm clock that sparks and fuels it, set roughly—or precisely, depending on whom you believe—to March 1st and which then keeps alarming for a month, before returning to sleep.
No Storm, no mists, no origins; all genes.
However, it has to be pointed out that this view, courtesy of Modern Science, though it is now the Federally mandated view (each State has some room to maneuver when it comes to the finer details) and taught in most schools—is the latest theory to join the fray, for the gene theory goes no further back than fifty odd years.
Prior to this, the Storm—regardless of whom you asked—was never anything but variations on miasma, on mist, on fog, a physical (though invisible) gathering of an alarming poison—or blessing, some held—that came from somewhere (external to us) and returned to that same somewhere (still just as external to us) at the end of the Season.
And despite the legally mandated inroads of Modern Science, this earlier, this more primal view, is still extant; mostly for the excellent reason that so many still believe it to be so, and so many, each year, claim to see it, this invisible thing. Claim to see it coming; claim to see is rolling over the mountains to the east and north of us and spill into the valleys below.
See it slip into the cities and houses and lungs and being of every citizen alive. Feel it enter and fill their own blood and hearts and minds and at first whisper then talk then scream.
This Seasonal mist, this miasma, this Storm.
And for the excellent reason that for the many—according to recent, though not very widely published, surveys—it still makes sense.


::17::
When Larry Suffolk was a kid back in St. Louis—he grew up in Richmond Heights—one of the most persistent myths among boys his age was that apricot juice, liberally applied—no, not drunk, applied—would give you a manly erection even if you had not yet seen your first Season, would kind of artificially induce it, even if short-lived. Well, he had tried it by the gallon. Had literally showered in the stuff. Had been a load of bunk.
That’s why he laughed over the morning paper when, yes, apricot juice: our special apricot juice will enhance and prolong your erection—and stamina—by, say a factor of three. It may very well stay up all Season, was the tag line. He shook his head. Chuckled some more. For one, it usually stayed up all Season anyway, and for two, he flashed back on those many allowances he’d blown on the stuff, apricot juice.
“What’s so funny?” Helen wanted to know.
“Ah, these ads.”
“Yeah, I know,” she said, though she didn’t. He wasn’t sure whether he’d ever told her about the apricot juice or not, and now didn’t seem to be the time.
“Anything?” she asked, in a different tone of voice, and by that he knew exactly what she meant.
“No.”
“Kids stay then?”
“You?”
“Nothing yet.”
“Yeah, they’ll be all right today then.”
“We’ll take them tomorrow,” said Helen.
“Tomorrow,” agreed Larry, and turned the page. The entire spread was Seasonal ads. Creams by the dozen: to make it softer, harder, slipperier, warmer, colder, longer, shorter, and all these implements, who dreamed them up? And who could take them seriously enough off-Season to design and manufacture them?
Turned the page again. Another spread. Seriously. Services: Trained neutereds will watch your children, will watch your wife, will watch your house, will watch you. Another section: and these professionals were not neutered, in the least, and they would really take care of you. Nothing hidden. At all. Would you look at that. Were those models or real employees of the agency?, Larry wondered.
Next page, and finally some sense of the normal. People were still buying and selling stocks, apparently. Well, they did try to keep the exchanges open straight through, and mostly they succeeded. It was all automated now, of course, but even the best of systems break down and with most of the technicians in heat, yes it had happened, he remembered, two days a few years back—was in all the papers—when it all came to a standstill, not that many had cared at the time, or noticed. The real trouble had been to get it up and going again.
“They should train some neutereds to run the stock exchange,” he said, not quite to himself.
Helen turned from the stove to face him. “What’s that, honey?”
“Oh, nothing.”
She gave her husband a long look before returning to her cooking. “Susan,” she yelled, “Brad.”
“Kristus.” Larry jumped at the sudden burst of voice. “What are you trying to do to me?”
“Sorry.” Then back toward the open door, “Susan. Brad. Breakfast.”
Susan arrived first. “There’s a lot of stuff,” she said, to no one in particular. As if she couldn’t believe it.
“What do you mean?” said Larry, putting his paper down.
“On TV, they say the count is now in the hundreds.”
“I don’t want you watching that stuff,” said Helen.
“There’s nothing else on,” said Susan.
“I’m sure there’s something,” said Larry.
“There’s cartoons,” said Brad, helpfully, “but Susan changed the channel.”
“I’d seen it,” said Susan in that voice that among siblings means, you just wait until we’re alone again, “a thousand times.”
“All right you two, sit down,” said Helen, and put the platter of scrambled eggs on the table.
“No milk, right?” asked Brad, who claimed he hated scrambled eggs with milk in it because Jimmy down the block, who was six years old as well, but a lot stronger than Brad—proven several times—said that milk was only for babies.
“No,” lied Helen.
“Excellent,” he said. Jimmy said “excellent” a lot.
“When are we leaving?” wondered Susan.
“Not until tomorrow,” said Larry.
Susan, helping herself to the orange juice, didn’t answer, and instead wondered if there was any toast. Helen said she was making some right now, hold your horses.
Brad dug into his scrambled eggs, happy they were milk-less.
Larry returned to the paper.
The toaster sprung to life and served up a couple of golden and brown slices.


::18::
Fletcher was hurt.
He had made it back to his sister’s garage sometime before daybreak, but only barely, unable by then to put any weight at all on his left leg. It was his damn knee. The bitch had kicked it hard, really fucking hard, so damned hard in fact she had almost bent it the wrong way. Could have cracked the kneecap. Maybe she fucking did. Something had cracked. Well, something had sounded. He sure as hell hoped it wasn’t the kneecap, but damn, it hurt.
Hot and swollen it drummed with pain, big fucking mallets of pain. He sat down on the couch and tried to pull his pant leg up to have a closer look, but the damned thing was too swollen now even for that. Instead he eased his pants down, as carefully as he could, and fuck that hurt.
And there it was, like some angry fucking ball, discolored and screaming: each pulse a detonation of pain. He forced himself to take a closer look, to touch it despite the pain. Had to, had to check the cap. Felt the surface of it, and from what he could tell, it was intact. Something else then had made that noise, ligaments or something. Who the fuck knows. All he knew is that something was terribly wrong. He had to get to a doctor. Fuck. No question about that. He grimaced, and pulled his pants up again. Set the knee off ever worse. Jesus. He had to get to a hospital. And it was too early to wake Sam. Besides, he had promised her he’d stay away, really promised her this time; yes, Sam, for sure this time, I promise. Cross his fucking heart and hope to fucking die. Well, he was hurt now, wasn’t he? And she was his sister, wasn’t she? Where else could he go? To a hospital, that’s where, he answered himself, and the sooner the better. Then he actually tried to stand again, as if he were going to walk there, this instant, but the pain brought him back down onto the couch. Near enough made him faint. Jesus. He sat motionless for a while, holding on to himself riding out the pain, and sitting still like this it subsided a little.
Despite the fucking knee, he couldn’t help grinning: man, she’d been a real honey. And wanting it too. Wanting it badly, her scent boiling with heat. She’d been in full bloom, no question about it. Not exactly what she said though, and boy did she put up a fight, broke his damn knee for crying out loud. But he’d gotten the better of her in the end, and by then there hadn’t been too much in the way of protest either. Just a pretty wild one, despite herself. Always happens, that’s how they all get, despite themselves. That was the beauty of it all. For once you get going, who can stop? The problem was getting them started, that always seemed to be his problem. Getting them started.
In the end his knee had screamed at him to stop, hurting like hell by then: a fire in his leg, screaming. Which had brought the fight back, and her kicking it, and for good measure he rearranged her teeth a little to get even. Left her whimpering and bleeding. That’d teach her. Cut his knuckles a little on her teeth, though not that badly.
His erection was still going strong, of course, and despite the pain; he had to smile at that too. Through thick and fucking thin is how he thought about it, once it got going. Through thick and fucking thin. Get it? He didn’t much care about their shapes, thick or thin, as long as they were in heat, and not strong enough, or armed enough, to fight him off. Through thick and fucking thin. And proud of it. But this damn knee. He looked out the small garage window and across to Sam’s house. The kitchen was still unlit, so she wasn’t up yet. As soon as, though, she’d have to take him to the hospital. Have it looked at.
Then the night gave him everything it had and his exhaustion finally took over, lowered him another notch and he managed to fall asleep. Just as he was sitting, erection still going, through thick and fucking thin.
A burning knee with an odd erection is how the strange dream saw it before it lowered him into the darker waters below.


::19::
The official tally in los angeles county—and now they were only talking UIIs, the anchor man wanted to make sure that you appreciated this fact: only successful UIIs (as if the two words belonged together)—stood at a now confirmed two hundred and twelve.
“Attempted UIIs and Season-related fights have now escalated beyond any reliable tally. The last figure we had was close to eight hundred.
“Since law enforcement officials now tell us they can no longer provide reliable numbers, we have already reached the point of limiting the tally to UIIs.”
Here—while the neon-lit digits 2-1-2 display behind him—he pauses for grim effect.
“This, then, although March is almost a full two days away, is a Season in full swing. Let go to our lady on the spot, Alwyn Moore. She is with Edward James, of the UII emergency unit at St. Mary’s Hospital in Pasadena.
“Alwyn?”
“Thank you, Rick. Actually, it’s Edward John. He is in charge of the UII emergency unit at St. Mary’s Hospital here in Pasadena.” She turned away from the camera to face a short, thin man in hospital greens whose blond, receding hair needed trimming. The bland, almost beardless, face of the clearly neutered looked first at the camera then at the microphone then at the reporter with a frown that said that he really should be somewhere else right now, would this take long? “Doctor John, is not this UII count unusually high this early into the Season?”
Harry, one eye on the paper, one eye on the screen, tried to estimate the age of the good doctor; he was old enough he decided, but still couldn’t make up his mind whether the doctor had been neutered from birth and groomed by then existing law for doctorhood, or whether he had volunteered later in life. The man looked so thoroughly neutered. Still, he came down on the side of volunteered, though he couldn’t say why. Then he changed his mind. What he had assumed to be a faint stubble turned out to be shadow, his smooth cheeks plain now that he shifted a little—no beard at all, not even a hint of one, so, probably from birth.
“I haven’t kept track,” he began.
“Two hundred twelve,” she informed him. As if this were good news.
“Two hundred twelve?” repeated the doctor. Not thrilled, not interested. He looked behind him, over at the hospital doors, almost longingly. He had to get back, really.
“Yes.”
Back to the camera, then the reporter. “Well, if that is an accurate count, it does seem high to me.” Then added, “It is a big city.”
“So, what does this mean?” she asked, ignoring his explanation. “Does it not seem to you that each year the Season starts a little earlier, and a little more violently.”
“I believe we had an earlier start last year.”
“It started on the 25th last year,” the anchor interjected from the news desk.
“Sorry?” said Alwyn Moore and looked up into the camera, a small frown, annoyed perhaps at being interrupted.
“The 25th, last year. It began on the 25th last year.”
“Ah, yes. Thank you, Rick.” Then turned back to the doctor. “The 25th, last year. Yes, you’re right. That was a little earlier. But not so violently, wouldn’t you say?”
“I don’t know. Possibly.”
“What do you think that means?”
“What does what mean?”
“The increased violence.”
“I’m not sure what it means,” said the doctor. “I’m not sure it means anything. I’m not sure the violence has increased. A few years ago, if I recall correctly, we had over four hundred incidents within the first twenty-four hours.”
Alwyn Moore looked back at the camera. “Rick?”
A short pause. Then the reply, “Four hundred twenty-six.”
“Four hundred twenty-six,” Alwyn Moore repeated for the benefit of the doctor. “But as you pointed out, that was within the first twenty-four hours. It hasn’t been twenty-four hours yet since the first incident.”
“Right.”
“So we have till this evening.”
“We have till this evening for what?” wondered the doctor.
“To surpass four hundred twenty-six. Do you think it can be done?”
“Perhaps. At this rate, perhaps.”
“Would you call this alarming?”
“I’m not sure.”
“Not even a little?” To Harry she sounded disappointed.
“Perhaps.”
“So it is alarming?” Hopeful again.
“I don’t know what it is. Alarming may be the wrong word.”
“But would it not be alarming if we surpass four hundred twenty-six by tonight?”
“I guess.”
“So this is an alarming trend?”
“Perhaps.”
“Yes, or no? Would you say?”
“Yes. Perhaps.”
She turned to face the camera. “There you have it, Rick. Looks like were coming in stronger than usual. Back to you.”
“Thanks Alwyn. And I apologize to you Dr. John. Sorry about that.”
Fed up, Harry killed the television (which died with a hiss) wondering if they had their figures straight. He thought back to the previous Season, but couldn’t remember the specific dates. But it always started like this, late February, and always with a rash of UIIs like this. Was it worse or earlier than normal? He wasn’t sure. They always tried to make it worse than ever before. That’s one thing he did remember thinking last year, and the year before that. Then again, that was their job. Havoc sells. Isn’t that what Harman-Karman keeps saying? Havoc sells.
Harry watched the dark television screen, havoc sells.
Vixer’s wet nose touched his hand in that “feed me” way of his, or was it in the “are you okay?” way of his? He looked down to meet doggy eyes and they were feed-me eyes, yes, definitely—getting, as he often did, the sense that his dog was trying his hardest to keep a straight face, to fail at it in a burst of silent dog laughter the moment Harry turned his back. Vixer had him well trained, there was no doubt about that. But there were no thoughts of feeding him just now, instead he scratched him behind the ear and then patted his nose, which apparently was just the kind of food he’d craved, for Vixer closed his eyes and contentedly wagged his tail four times and then sauntered over to the door, slumped down, and curled into a comfortable study of happy dog.
With the television off Harry could hear the wind outside, stronger today. The two oaks in his back yard were whispering among themselves, now and then shuddering as if at scandalous news.
Then, beyond the wind, he thought he could sense the approaching Storm again, the main system, far away still, but large enough and violent enough now to rumble, to softly shake the earth, even at this distance. He could hear it, could sense its horde of scouting fingers already arrived, touching here and there, setting things off, two hundred twelve things by latest tally, while the mother ship gathered strength somewhere beyond the mountains, gaining speed, heading for them, for him particularly, for him who had the nerve to object, to challenge, to think there was something he could do to stand up to it, to face it down, to stay untouched, refusing—the impudence of it, it would deal with him soon enough. It would find him, would fill him, would bend him, crush him. Well on its way to do exactly that.
While the room shuddered with scent.


::20::
Much as Harman-Karman had predicted, the morning paper was an orgy of Seasonal ads, including three special supplements. Much the same on the television.
He leafed through the paper and the supplements, with an eye to layout, design, and potential impact, judging the competition and mostly giving them the nod. He himself had not been involved with Seasonal ads this year, something he was quite happy about, truth be told.
On the whole, pretty civilized, he concluded. But give it another day or two and they all shout their various offerings, one ad louder than the next.
He gathered the paper and threw it in the trash. Well, toward the trash. Most of the paper ungathered enroute and hit the floor instead. A sigh. He picked it up and dropped it in the trash this time. Fixed himself something to eat. Looked out. Overcast. Odorous. Windy.
The cat—whose cat was that, anyway?—was moving outside again. And there were tiny spasms below now. Jerkings. As if his penis was stirring from a long and satisfying sleep. Getting ready. Things gathering. He recognized this. He was not far off.
The cat pounced on something.


::21::
Lara woke uneasily. Into a gray room that spoke of an equally gray day outside. And a windy one. She could hear it rustle the trees now and then and sing the telephone wires. The room was cold and she did not feel like stirring from under the blanket. She was gathering her thoughts, her self. Awake.
Into relief: she had been let go of, and by something large. Something large that in the end had acquiesced, opened its fist and let her out, back into the world of the awake. A dream.
A deep, grim, dark, demanding thing that only occasionally had let her sink below it into respites of real sleep. She had been aware of dreaming, and those are the worst, when you know you’re dreaming, but you can’t wake up. Not a nightmare, more like an uncaring alternate reality with all its doors locked unopenable.
She shifted slightly, found a comfortable spot, looked toward the window and the shifting branches outside. Didn’t really see them though. Instead, she tried to recall what, specifically, it had been about, the dream; but now—shifting her unseeing gazed up into the off-white, finely puckered ceiling, she could not gain a hold on even a fraction of it. All she found was what it had left behind: a hole in her chest, thirsty it said, for something missing. And gone without a trace.
Well, to hell with that, she said finally, and aloud. This is ridiculous, and jumped up out of bed and into the shower, where, once her mind was off of it, the dream suddenly returned, and with such force that she could hear it rattle the handle to her apartment door.
We have to get out of here! That was her backpack from the hallway, a Piglet very afraid now, and pleading with her to come to her senses, right now, if it wouldn’t be too much trouble. We do not want to explore this particular woods, Pooh, we want to go home now. A warm bed, and honey, think of honey, Pooh.
But this Pooh had made up her mind. She would explore this woods, she would not run away this time. Her resolve reclaimed the upper hand and as she let the hot water wash away the strangely palpable thing that must have been dream, she felt her resolve grow stronger, then into comfort, then into certainty that this was her own decision, this was her doing, not the demand of the onrushing Storm. It was her choice. Her will.
And that was exactly what was at stake, wasn’t it? Her will. Her decision. Her own determination. Her soul.
She dressed, grabbed a quick breakfast and left for work, satisfied that she was doing the right thing. Dismal day though.


::22::
As if aware of man-made borders, the Storm halted for a moment along the California-Nevada line. Resting atop and smothering the towns of Beatty, Goldfield, Tonopah, Hawthorne, and Carson City.
A breather, perhaps. A short break. Taking inventory and regrouping for the final assault: its annual mission. All the while dispatching flocks of scouting tendrils for the coast to herald its coming.
Towns and cities already smothered enroute now lay shaking in the throes of bloom, as part of the Storm remained to fill and dictate—to be gathered up on the way back—while the main body not so much moved as expanded for the coast.
The winds were favorable, the atmosphere electric with its coming, the Earth expectant, massive mating imminent.
And having rested a while, all inventoried and regrouped—all parts in unison and ready to move on—the Storm sets out again, at speed now and eager to arrive, crossing the border into California.


::23::
Lara stepped outisde.
It was not far off, she could tell. It was a ripple in the air, a warning. Like a very low note that only she (she assumed) could hear. A precursor pressure wave telling of something very large rapidly approaching. Tall, wide, vague, misty; but substantial enough to disturb the air and send ripples ahead of it. Yet, it wasn’t the air that moved. The wind had died down and the air outside was now still. This ripple traveled some other ether.
She knew what it meant. Had felt it before: the approach.
She should have been at the glade by now, away from people, all these people, back among the trees. Her reluctant guardians, is how she saw them now, relieved perhaps that she wasn’t coming. This disturber of their peace.
But hearing again the low rumble, this warning, feeling this ripple, now she wished she had left after all.
Well, listen, it’s not too late. She almost turned to walk back into her apartment to pick up Piglet and head out of here, but she checked herself again. She had resolved to stay. This she had done, of her own free will, her decision, and she would not sway from that and run this year. This time she would face it. Confront it, and stare it down. Whatever it took. She would observe it first hand, to observe how it went about wreaking so much destruction.
As she worked the lock and chain to free her motor bike she noticed, too, that her scent had improved, considerably.
:
She sped down the Harbor Freeway toward the Manchester exit with a delivery for an auto supply outfit in Inglewood. Traffic was light, noticeably lighter than the day before. Not a few, then, had already quit working. Either already in heat, or getting ready for it; some to conquer, some to defend. She was glad she didn’t have a family to worry about, like Helen. Must be hell for her and Larry; farming out the kids, then barricading themselves more or less, which is what it took. Stocking up and then hiding out in their basement behind new locks while the storm blew over. Well, who was she to speak, that’s what she’s been doing for years, of course, though not here. In her glade.
The trees would object to her calling it hers.
She found Manchester Avenue nearly deserted, which she found hard to believe since there were still two days to go. Not that she minded, mind you, or complained. She made very good time to Inglewood.


::24::
The pain woke him up.
Something in his sleep had made Fletcher shift his knee and now it screamed him awake. At first he couldn’t place the sound, frantically clawing his way back up to the surface, away from that scream, that pain, then—with the garage, the lawn mower, the gardening equipment, the workbench, the tool chest, the many things surrounding—he arrived: his knee, his god- damned, fucking exploding fucking knee.
He rose, or tried to. Fell back instead, which hurt his leg even worse. He managed to lower his pants again to take another look at the knee.
Red, blue in places, thick, accusing. And pounding. He really had to get to a hospital. Now. No choice. He could not deal with this. Hitched his pants back up.
He stood up, sat down, stood up again, all his weight on his right leg. It took all he had to hobble out of the garage and into his sister’s kitchen. She was not pleased to see him.
“Fuck are you doing here?”
“Busted my knee.”
“You promised.” Close to tears. Swallowed. “You promised you would stay away.”
“I know, Sam, but I busted my knee. It hurts like hell.”
She shook her head, swallowed again, didn’t believe a word of it. Looked down at his legs. “Seem fine to me.”
“It’s not fucking fine,” said Fletcher, and pulled his pants down to show her.
“Jesus,” she said, “are you crazy.” Then caught the knee, discolored and obviously swollen. “Jesus,” she said again. “Oh, man.” Went to him for a closer look. “That looks bad.”
“It is bad. It’s fucked up.”
“Can you sit down.”
He did, but could not bend the hurt knee, now pulsing fresh pain with every heartbeat.
“Let me take a look,” she said. Squatted by him.
She frowned, then looked up at him, and back at the knee. It was all too obvious there was nothing she could do about it. He had to get to a hospital.
She called 911 for him, hoping they would not be too busy with the early Season to come right away.
“Any painkillers?” asked Fletcher.
“Aspirin.”
“Fine.”
She found some and handed them to him with some water. Part of her wanted to help him, part of her wanted him out of the damned house as soon as possible.
Fifteen minutes later both parts of her still wondered where the hell the ambulance was.


::25::
Harry worked at a large telecommunications company on Lake Avenue in Pasadena. He designed telephone systems for big and far-flung client corporations. He had to explain that a lot, what he meant by designed.
By designed, he’d say, taking a deep breath, he didn’t mean from scratch, as in some lab somewhere, you know, dreaming up and creating these things, circuit boards and transistors; no, what he did was put together already invented and manufactured bits and pieces of hard- and software, making sure that all the different parts—interfaces and software modules, lots of detailed stuff like that—worked well together to provide a specified or required functionality. By which time they would nod, yes, yes, they understood, designed. The hell they did.
It was a good job, though. Got to meet a lot of people, intelligent people for the most part. Got to figure things out technically and precisely. Got to see things work as designed, which was a source of satisfaction to him. And it paid rather well. Too well, Harry thought privately and quite often. He felt a little guilty about it. They paid him a lot of money for not that much effort.
His office wasn’t far from his house. An eight minute drive at most, no matter what the traffic. His colleagues hated him for that, especially those who lived far away: Palmdale, Simi Valley, Alta Loma, and who arrived at work with an hour, and sometimes two, of mind-numbing commute under their belts—or around their necks. Living as close to work as he did was anything from indecent to unpardonable in their eyes. Oh, well. He had stopped rubbing it in though—it would genuinely piss some people off.
As far as he could tell there were only two people missing from the office this morning. The same two that were missing early last year, and the year before. In fact, always missing as soon as they legally could, Harry decided. Whether in heat or not. To each his own. Really, Harry didn’t care.
He didn’t get much work done though. For once the initial incidents hit, the rules change—well, perhaps not so much the rules, as the priorities. You still call your customers, you still work with them on designs, you still double-check their requirements and so on, but not so much to get the data—which you mostly already have—or to verify designs—which for the most part are already verified—as to stay in touch, to make sure we’re still okay, to make sure the project will survive the Season come what may. That’s how Harry viewed it: protect the project. Make sure the bits and pieces of it can be picked up once the Season’s over, and then as quickly as possible.
For every Season brought casualties of one kind or another. Every Season, always. The image of securing a ship for sea frequently came to Harry’s mind this time of year, battening down the hatches, securing all cargo in the holds, making sure the ship could ride out a force nine gale if need be.
He made several calls, discussed pretty much the same thing: the tally, the coming Season. Exchanging good wishes, that sort of thing, all the while the range and depth of Harry’s scent kept improving:
Alice in accounting was dangerously close to heat, he could tell. Really, she should not be at work in that condition. A lot of glances were cast her way, by men and women alike. Men with a wondering hunger, women with curious disgust. What was she up to? Alice seemed oblivious of the effects she caused, either from innocent ignorance or artful deception. Could be she enjoyed it. As yet, Harry could care less, just annoying is all.
For everything was still peaceful below, with only the occasional twitch to herald distances closing. And it seemed more there. Waiting.
No, he was not far off.
Suddenly the floor was awash with security guards. He had no idea the building had so many. He counted three, four, perhaps a fifth, he wasn’t sure, running by. All in the direction of Alice’s office.
Before long they returned with Steinberg between them, frustrated, disheveled, panting from the fight. “She should’ve stayed home,” I heard Mitch Bradley, two cubicles over, mumble to somebody, none too softly. Must say I agreed with that. I later heard that Alice was okay, she had held him off until help had arrived.
Yes, the Season was definitely knocking on the door, demanding to be let in. Banging, in fact.
As he was getting ready to leave for the day he heard someone mention that the UII tally was now up to well over five hundred. The comment produced a few gasps and a snicker or two. Harry shook his head and headed out of there.
His scent was close to peak. Made him wonder, again, if this was what dogs experienced all the time. Like those breeds he’d read about somewhere that only required a molecule or two per cubic yard (which he, truth be told had a hard time actually believing—but the article was quite scientific and specific, so, perhaps) to sense an odor miles away. His scent, even at peak, never reached those levels, but it was certainly headed in that direction.
:
As he turned up his street, even from within his car—though, granted, his windows were rolled down—he could now smell all the local dogs, estrus and rut setting in, three to his left, two on his right. Also, Mrs. Yu—they had moved in about three months ago—was definitely in heat as well, he could smell her through her closed, and most likely locked doors—they really should consider scent proofing their basement, if they could afford it, this woman was broadcasting loudly. And once he stopped the car and stepped into the air, it was—again—like stepping into a many dimensional spectacle. His rising scent not so much intensified his sense of smell as added three or four additional senses, at least that is how it felt.
The tall pine tree on his front lawn, through fragrance, seemed to extend physically halfway down the block. To Harry is was as if it cast a tangible shadow of pine across the air. The grass, his flowers—ah, the flowers—the deciduous trees across the street, the many little lives the filled the grass, the brush, the two oaks in his back yard, other trees, the air, each emitting, each the center of a fragrant nimbus, dense at it’s core, ever thinning away into nothing, for feet, for yards, for blocks, overlapping, mixing, like a painting where all the colors bleed, not to obliterate the scene, but to form it. Leaning against his car, he tried to still his heart, his excitement, his welcoming of this, this, well, he thought of it as a miracle.
He would have about two days of this, at most, of this great new world, before the force that gendered this wonder would intensify into sheer and utter hunger, into the need to procreate, which once fully arrived, would melt into insignificance any such wonder as his front lawn and this street and this sky and this particular and wonderful moment.
Unless.
Unless he could ascend it, and have it be just this. For this was the year.
Vixer was going on by the back yard gate, but not as loudly as usual. Perhaps out of some odd recognition that something was happening to Harry which it would be best to let Harry to get used to at his own pace. Though a soft bark now and then—just to remind him that he hadn’t eaten all that much lately—wasn’t out of place, of course.
Harry noticed but didn’t quite register Vixer, but instead wondered again whether this was the world of dog, all the time. He knew that dogs’ eyesight wasn’t the best, but at this rate, who would need eyes, you saw just as well, better, actually—and with more detail—in this world of scent. And again he wished that it could stay this way, always, simply this, this extra dimension (though it felt like more than one), this sense of knowing so much more about everything through their constant evaporation of some essence he would interpret as scent. Much like the sun, he thought—again not for the first time—forever emitting itself across space to the Earth as sunlight, to farther away as starlight, yet never, seemingly, diminishing. Same as his pine tree, as tall, as piney, as barky as always, yet emitting an ever radiating aura which made Harry think of evaporation: if it kept this up much longer, it would dissolve, should vanish. But it never did. What a world it would be, if this could stay forever. Magical. All these little suns.
Vixer’s less and less subtle attempts at making himself known finally registered with Harry and he stepped up to the gate to let him out, parting the universe of scent as he went.
:
Harry’s Pine was a Ponderosa who stood seventy some feet tall while still in its early teens as Ponderosas go. Not that this bears much relevance, for pine trees are born ancient and don’t really age: they simply sprout, grow, ponder their fate and their surroundings for many a year, and fear fire.
And they remember. They remember everything. Everything from the first seed, millions of years ago, that held this very tree in its heart, this very pine, and it was generally held by pines, or other trees for that matter, the world over that immobility was a small price to pay for this memory.
Harry’s Pine didn’t think of itself as Harry’s Pine, of course, and when it thought of Harry—which it did from time to time—it thought of him as his human. It liked Harry. Felt protective of him, as do most pines of whomever they adopt. It found Harry to be more awake than other humans that came and went, drove up and down the street, walked to and fro. There was a spark in him, in this man, a small burning light that only trees could see, or to put it more correctly, could be.
For trees—any tree—cannot hear, nor can they see. They can in fact taste a little—raindrops falling on their pines, for example, have a certain taste to them, while the water drawn by their roots has a different flavor.
Trees have also a keen sense of smell. It is as potent a wizard for trees as for say dogs or bees and, in Season, humans. They also know touch quite well. The earth touches roots, the wind touches branches and needles, humans sometimes lean ladders against them, they feel the pressure. Birds land on their branches—which is the touch they enjoy the most, and sometimes—especially in winter—long for.
And they have the sense of being.
Within reason—reason as defined by trees of course—any tree (and pine trees were especially good at it) can reach out and permeate—be—another living thing, sensing their internal as well as external universes. This sense—which brings about hearing and seeing by extension—is best translated as being. For that is what the tree does: it is the life it visits.
How far can they wander in this fashion? It differs species to species.
A beech, for example, tall and expansive though it is, can only be what finds itself immediately below its branches. A birch (or “beriosa” as they have named themselves in a tribute to Russia, the home of more birches than anywhere else) as a rule—though no one can say with any degree of certainty, not even the Bristlecone Pine (who may know but chooses not to), where or when this rule was enacted—can touch and be anything within a radius of two times two its own height.
The average Ponderosa Pine can reach as far as a mile. The tall Canary Island Pine three houses down, however, can reach about three miles (a fact it is very proud of, and rarely withholds); and it is said that the Bristlecone can reach from the Eastern Sierras all the way west to the coast, though it prefers to stay put and just be air.
Harry’s Pine noticed (was, briefly) Harry’s condition and knew that soon he would be in the throes of annual mating again.
It was a strange thing, this Storm, and Harry’s Pine spent not a little of its time pondering it (as did many trees), remembering times—oh, they were very long ago, those times, shadowy times they were, before the pine was pine even—when the Storm was less intense. And remembering times before even that when there was no Storm, nor humans, nor animals. Fish perhaps, though it wasn’t so sure about that. Remembering so far back could be a hard and imprecise activity. You had to be memory, not an easy thing, not even for the Bristlecone who indeed could remember all, and with clarity.
Harry’s Pine gently reached again through glass and wall to find Harry in his kitchen where it settled softly in his heart and spread throughout. He found his human pleased and happy with his rekindled scent, happy with the many colors of smell, not at all upset. Well, and good. The pine withdrew and thought of other things for a while, say temperature, or moisture, or whether all pines were the same one pine, or were truly individual, one pine to the next.
Harry didn’t notice this visit, though Vixer did. Barked a little at it until Harry gave him his what-on-earth look, which meant he’d better shut up about it.


::26::
Fletcher Jones presented a problem for hospitals.
For one, he was uninsured and for another he had a criminal record. And now, to make matters worse, he was in full-blown heat as well, which made him an uninsured, criminal male in heat—an unwelcome mix to say the least.
St. Vincent and Good Hope both flatly refused to take him and told the ambulance driver, when he radioed in, to not even bring him, citing the risks he would pose to other patients. They were simply not equipped to handle. The same went for Hobart’s in Alhambra.
In the end they had to drive all the way up to St. Mary’s in Pasadena, one of the few hospitals in the city equipped to deal with his kind. The hospital had received generous State funding for their high security wing—built for the likes of Fletcher—so they could not well refuse him.
“Two days, three at the most,” the admitting nurse told his sister. “Then you’ll have to collect him.”
“I want nothing to do with the bastard,” she said.
“That, I’m afraid, is not our problem.”
“It is if I refuse to get him.”
“You’re next of kin.”
“So.”
“You brought him.”
“So.”
“We’ll report you.”
“What does that mean?”
“We’re in Season, honey. You’re responsible.”
“I don’t get it,” said his sister.
“We have rules,” said the nurse, which didn’t explain a thing. “Three days, by this time Saturday, or we’ll report you.”
“Why can’t you keep him?”
“This is not a life and death case. We’re going to need every available bed for real emergencies.” With a pointed stress on real.
His sister didn’t answer, just turned and left, wondering what the hell she had done to deserve this, and then wondering how the hell she would get back home.


::27::
The talking head seemed genuinely happy about what he announced as “a record tally.” And then went on to elaborate, proudly, “Well over five hundred,” as if this were good news indeed and he was the one responsible for them. Harry switched the channels.
The news helicopters, hovering over some extra gruesome scene, a bad Season related traffic accident they said, many casualties, struck him as a vultures scenting death, gathering to feast. Dragonflies hovering.
He switched the channels again. Only to find more of the same.
Disgusted now he turned off the television but remained standing, looking at the black, silently offended screen, still making small static noises, as if shrinking.
He had two days, at most, at best, to figure this out. Jesus, talk about eleventh hour. To no only come up with a plan, but to put it into action. He was truly crazy. Dreaming.
On off-Season paper his decision was straightforward enough: do nothing. Face the Storm and ascend. And if he really was going through with exactly that, well, then he wouldn’t have to do anything; other than stock up on supplies and start facing.
But failing that, how about a plan B? Should there be one? Or would that admit the possibility—or, to be frank, likelihood—of defeat?
Yes, he had really thought this thing all the way through.
Vixer seemed to agree.
:
For someone like Harry, who was single and fairly well-to-do, plans B were replete. They were often listed and elaborated on in various self help magazines, especially as the Season approached. And they were advertised furiously both in magazines and papers, and on television, many such ads—it’s best to be prepared, early bird, et cetera—starting to appear as early as January.
The main option, of course—and the one most practiced by the unwed or otherwise un- single male—was onanism. Masturbation.
This was most commonly referred to as self-release, though it went by many other names in the sea of commercials that hawked the various tools of that particular trade: self-gratification, pressure-release, self-venting, auto-ventilation. One year, the phrase “Emptying the Bucket” took hold, and was used in what just had to be way too many commercials.
Each Season there were literally hundreds of commercials offering tools and gadgets to aid this process, as well as portable (some not so portable) pornography screeners, “to help, if needed”—as if help were needed.
There was, for example, the “semen relaxer” made by some company in Ohio which you wore on your erection like some oversized, electronic condom and which purportedly sensed “semen pressure” (according to the ads) and which when reaching a predetermined level (specified by you when placing the order) vibratingly induced ejaculation (and gathered the semen in its little—or not so little, again determined by you—disposable and replaceable pouch) without your physical intervention. Of course, you had to replace the pouch two or three times a day.
They had thousands of customer testimonials on file, they claimed. All happy, all repeat customers. Harry couldn’t see it. He’d rather take care of his own business, with his own hands.
And then there were special gloves “for a better grip,” and a host of receptacles “to keep things tidy,” as one commercial put it.
A whole industry had sprung up around artificial vaginas to meet every conceivable size, shape, density, and depth requirement. Ads for these usually began to appear as early as January. They were built to order, you know. Get in line to ensure your private “heaven.”
Harry’s all time favorite self-help euphemism was the “liberator” or “liberation” theme from a few years back when semen wasn’t voided or ejected or emptied as in years past, but suddenly liberated. We had the “semen-liberator,” the “stress-liberator,” the “auto-liberator,” et cetera. This word—sword in hand, chasing the invaders out of the homeland—has since fallen out of favor from over-use. For which Harry was grateful.
The official word for the practice was onanism, and it covered all things self-induced. And was clearly a plan B candidate: Keep that bucket empty.
Then there were the medical options.
The most severe of these, and the only one that really worked, as it were, was to submit yourself to what was unofficially known as “coma,” which is to say: admit yourself to a “facility” for the duration of the Season. Here you were put under, and kept under, through your entire cycle, and so remained unaware of, and untroubled by, most if not all of it.
This, of course, meant sleepers and lots of them, and was not good for you, side effects and such; and for that reason was rarely recommended. The sleeper option was exercised almost exclusively by older men—though not beyond rut—of ample means. These were men who had had their fun and who now could afford to not be bothered and who could not care less about the side effects.
Discreet male or female nurses (up to you) took care of the liberation business as needed to relieve pressure—semen buildup takes place whether you’re awake, or care, or not.
For Harry, however, this was not a viable plan B. Too expensive for one, and for another he didn’t like the notion of hibernation, or coma. For a third the side effects, though apparently not very well documented, were still—in most articles about it—held to be dire, whatever that meant.
A more feasible plan B was self-medication.
This plan B came in a plethora of prescription and over the counter drugs, herbs, teas, you-name-its. The prescription variety were officially known as “repressors” (which they really were not, since they did not repress the urge, only managed to alleviate it in varying degrees), while the over the counter assortment was known as “relievers,” (which, again, was a misnomer since they didn’t relieve much, just took the edge off, as the phrase went, if that).
The herbals and tees were called “soothers,” and their efficacy was widely debated, as well.
There was another medical solution that did, if not repress the urge, at least bought you some time. Known as “delayers,” this approach consisted of a strong drug cocktail (differing slightly as to ingredients, depending on the manufacturer)—the coma drug to knock you out, plus what amounted to a set of amphetamines to keep you awake, and functioning, nonetheless.
Yes, this worked, for about three days. Four at best. After that, this mix put your life at risk, literally, for the drawback to delayers was that they were very—as in very very—hard on the liver, and few people could, with any degree of safety, use them for more than three, perhaps four, consecutive seasons, without giving them (and their liver) a rest.
The rule of thumb was that you would then have to abstain for as many Seasons as you’ve taken them, while the liver curled up, licked its wounds and recuperated.
Senior police, lawyers, researchers, some priests, and—mainly—television reporters, were the leading consumers of this very expensive, tightly controlled, and quite dangerous, “solution.”
Terrible plan B. Harry didn’t even look in that direction.
Then there was “seclusion,” which came in a number of varieties as well. The theory went that completely secluded, that is with no sight of—or especially scent of—or interaction with, the opposite sex, the urge itself stilled somewhat, became bearable. Eased, was the phrase du jour.
It did no harm and seemed to do some good.
Again, here was a ripe field for entrepreneurs and their many variations on a theme. Spa-like retreats away somewhere upon some mountain, solitude guaranteed. Harry often wondered what would happen to that solitude if there were too many takers. Naturally, these retreats also offered full sets of soothers, relievers, and—if medically accredited—repressors.
There were some that simply took off for seclusion at first sign, usually scent. Took off for wherever they went to hide and ride it out. Mainly the mountains, or deserts, or if you owned a boat, that was another good option. A month at sea, with all that sailing to do to keep your mind off it. A friend of Harry’s at work swore by it, and had done it every year until he met his wife, after which he remained ashore, with her, bunkered.
Harry had tried one of the mountain spas one year, and truth be told, it had helped. Five weeks among the pines and clear sky, plenty of books to try to read and long trails to exhaust you. Yes, it had helped, there was no doubt about it, and this outing had further raised the question, or hope: would it not be possible to remain unaffected? Since there were ways to lessen the urge with solitude, surely there must be a way to eliminate it altogether.
Ascend.
Harry returned to the same spa the following year, and with similar result. It made the Season bearable. Yes, the Storm was present, it was as much present as ever, but the solitude held it in abeyance, in a sort of stasis. A calm lake, no ripples, and if you sat really still: that was the sensation; if you sat really still nothing happened. But it was like sitting unmoving in still liquid sub-zero water, which remained liquid only until you moved, at which moment it turned to ice, all of it, instantly and violently. But a long as you sat still.
And sitting still in seclusion consisted of rising very early, before dawn, a cold shower, a light breakfast, a long walk. It consisted of focus on your surroundings, then try to read your favorite books—those that have touched and moved you in the past, though truth be told reading was not easy, your mind—at times it felt like it was no longer yours to control—could not focus, not easily anyway. Lots of exercise. No television, no radio, no outside contact. No scents other than pine and water and rock and sky. Just you and nature and solitude. And yes, the trees. Harry could never put his finger on it, but for some reason he had felt that the trees helped.
Still the bucked needed emptying, of course. But things were not so hectic. Worth the money, actually.
That had been three Seasons ago. The following two Seasons he had stayed in town. The first he had spent on repressors, which had helped, yes, not so frantic, but which also left him sluggish, lethargic and uncomfortable.
And last year he had tried an herbal soother, not very successfully, he ended up hiring a professional for his ten day peak. When he called to complain about the soother and its claims, the product support line referred him to the fine print: is not guaranteed to always work for everyone. Who can tell these things. Well, you should, he’d suggested before hanging up in frustration. Where do they find these morons?
Seclusion also came in the “bunker” variety. The soundproof, and almost scent-proof basement. Stock up for a month, lock the door.
Or build yourself a shelter. There were kits for this too, of course. You dug yourself a twenty by twenty foot hole, twelve feet deep, in your back yard, which you in essence then equipped and furnished. Well, there was a little more to it than that. Bottom line was that you had a soundproof, again almost scent-proof, sealable bunker in your back yard where you could ride it out. Some called it shelter, others called it bunker. The commercials that sold the kits called it “Shielded Seclusion.” Odd name, thought Harry. Some, not reputable, outfits claimed that if your bunker was well sealed, and you provided your own oxygen, the Storm would not touch you at all. That of course was crazy, since you had to vent the thing or suffocate from your own carbon dioxide. He wasn’t sure how they got away with saying things like that. He assumed there were those who believed it and bought their kits, enough of them anyway to keep those outfits in business.
Either way, basement or shelter, these were both referred to as “bunkering.”
Not Harry’s cup of tea.
A popular, though expensive, plan B: The Professional.
In essence, a hired partner: for the day, for the week, for the Season. The Season-long arrangements were also referred to as “pact” which was a little unfortunate, because that term was also used for the true pact, where you, and a member of the opposite sex, agree to spend the Season together, but only this one. Let’s see what happens.
Repeated pacts usually became love became marriage.
The professional pact, however, was strictly a business transaction. You rent yourself a mate for a duration you afford, and have at it.
Not Harry’s cup of tea, either. More like Harman-Karman’s. Who also was not one to flinch from the most sinister of plans B: The Hunt.
This option—variously also called the Prowl, the Chase, or the Pursuit—seemed to be what the Storm, deep down, on a fundamental level, demanded of the male of the species. It was what felt (or should feel—at least if the commercials, as well as many learned views on the subject, were to be believed) most “natural” for a man in heat.
On the Hunt, you spent the Season on the prowl, equipped—which meant well armed—to fight off contenders or, though never stated as such, to subdue targets. Hunting equipment would also normally include a light bulletproof vest, and often included (although these were deemed illegal) break-in tools. You could buy ready-made (off the shelf) kits in just about any well-appointed store, especially between the first of the year and March. Specialty shops offered customized kits, tailored to your specific needs and desires. They never came cheaply.
An even more sinister variation on the Hunt was the Team Hunt. This consisted of a pre-arranged team—as opposed to a spontaneous team, which just happens, and which normally only stays together for the one single chase, then splits off again into solo hunts—of two to four men, who would then hunt as a pack throughout the Season and share all spoils. Equipment consisted of pretty much the same as for the solo hunt, plus communication equipment to stay synchronized, and specialty weapons, both defensive and offensive: team members assuming specialist roles as attacker or defender. Most of the casualties during the peak of Season came from Team fights, and these were—from a spectator’s view—also considered the most entertaining.
Probably every man alive, old enough to rut, has spent at least one Season on the Hunt. It was almost considered a rite of passage, your first hunt.
Harry too had hunted. Of course he had. And he had enjoyed it. Of course he had, what man wouldn’t? But for Harry there was something very frightening—especially in the calm retrospect of aftermath—to realize that you totally let go. That you utterly abandoned all self-control, that you took leave of all you knew as fine and noble and let go of all that made life quite enjoyable on the whole during off-Season.
And when you did; when you simply opened the gates to let the Storm in to fill you, then you hunted. Once let in, once it occupied you, that is what the Storm told you; what the Storm, if you then hesitated, demanded; what the Storm, if you still hesitated, enforced.
For once you let the Storm wholly invade you, once you give yourself up to the Storm completely, it will possess you entirely and fully, and you have to Hunt. In some fashion or another. You have no other option.
Harry’s last hunt had been nine years ago, and he did not even vaguely consider it a plan B.
:
As late as early December of last year Harry had still been fairly decided to return to a spa in the Sierras, had even reserved a spot, deposit and all, but had changed his mind early January. He felt that it smacked a little of running away, of getting help when he should be able to go it alone. For there had to be a way to lessen the impact without solitude. There had to be a way to will your way through it. A way to stay awake. If you stayed awake—aware—enough. The old Hindus claimed they could do it. Buddha had done it. Even some Kristian mystics claimed they could do it: by will alone navigate their way through, above.
Most religions, in fact, claimed it was possible to stay untouched, though their solution was uniformly—well, as far as the Western religions went anyway—voluntary castration. No one but Jesus Kristus could withstand the Storm unaided. And aid, according to the Bible’s latter Books, consisted of sterilization in one form or another.
But that was just it, Harry refused to believe that there was no other way than losing your testicles.
Buddha, according to the Dhammaphada, had spoken of the ability to float atop the waters; many of the earlier Indian writings said much the same.
“Like a Lotus atop water, so shall you let your self go,” one local guru—whom he had dragged the not altogether amused Harman-Karman along to see give a lecture a couple of years back—used to say. “Float up to the surface and never look down.” Of course, Harry thought, this guru forgot to mention that the stem of the Lotus is indeed immersed not only in water, but deeply in the mud below. Not a good analogy, he decided. But floating was good, floating he liked. It rang of ascension. To float atop Storm, unaffected, untouched. Seeing it for what it was. Like a sailor on top of water. Could see the sea. Fishes could not. He wanted to not be fish, he wanted to be boat, or better yet, bird. Albatross came to mind. They, with their constant roaming of the seas would have a good view of things, untouched in air.
There was a way, he was sure of it. All Harry had to do was find it.
And, as yet, no plan B.


::28::
Alwyn Moore had a wonderful singing voice as a child. Her mother used to called her “my little sparrow” and pay exorbitant fees for singing lessons by the very best teacher her money could buy, who in the end turned out not to be such a good teacher after all, or at least not as well connected as he had claimed to be in order to justify some $200 an hour.
Not that her mom was hurting for money. Alwyn’s father had left her a pretty fortune when he died from wounds received in a Season related incident when Alwyn was still in her infancy.
He had come to the aid of a late February attempted UII victim and paid for it with his life. However—and this was covered extensively by the media at the time, and has since served as precedent—since that took place both before the 1st of March and before any other Seasonal incident had been reported—and his insurance company sought both high and low for that one incident which would have nullified the policy and saved them a bundle—and since he did in fact prevent what would have been the first reported UII, the Season, as it happened, had not yet started, neither officially nor un-officially, and his life insurance policy, therefore, was still in force.
Which meant a sizeable, if not huge, settlement added to his already not inconsiderable savings, all left to his wife.
Suddenly wealthy, her mother, through her very white attorney, had bought a fine house on Avon Place in South Pasadena—causing quite stir at the time as the only blackish people on the block (neither Alwyn or her mother were black black, but dark enough to raise old money eyebrows and considerable—though covert—outrage). Her mother didn’t care, she owned the house outright (with lots to spare), this is where she lived, end of story. It’s a free country, so fuck you.
And that was the house Alwyn grew up in.
First and foremost to achieve the fantastic goals of fame her mother had set for her.
Now, whether that were to be the opera, or the stage, or as a recording artist, her mother didn’t much care; it didn’t matter which path brought Alwyn to stardom. What did matter was that she was firmly headed in that direction and would indeed arrive. And arrive she would, of that her mother was certain. The singing lessons were a good investment, and she intended to reap a good dividend.
Not that Alwyn didn’t enjoy singing, for she did, but she did not like the pressure her mother poured in her direction day in and day out, and she liked her singing teacher even less. Also, she didn’t much care for opera, which is what her teacher specialized in (she loved the blues, and jazz, and adored Billie Holiday, wished more than anything that she could have been born in time to have met her); nor did she particularly care for hard work and discipline (which opera in particular demanded of its aspirants—a favorite phrase of her, before long now, ex-teacher).
And when it came right down to it, she enjoyed writing more than singing. Word painting is what she called it. Scribbling away (her time), as her mother put it.
Inevitably, Alwyn’s musical tastes, her literary inclinations, and her antipathy for arduous practice led to the typical, though in her case unusually intense, break between mother and daughter. This happened shortly after Alwyn turned eighteen, which is when she announced to the world in general, and to her mother in particular, that she wanted nothing more to do with opera, singing careers, and especially not with that fucking asshole singing coach of hers whom she claimed was not only useless, but was making passes at her as the new Season approached.
“What do you expect,” said her mom. “He’s a man. It’s the Season.”
“I don’t give a shit,” said Alwyn. “I’ve had it.”
“But what are you going to do?”
“I’m going to write.”
“But honey. All the money. I have spent a fortune.”
“I’ll pay you back,” said Alwyn and left.
Moved out, and for good.
An equally rebellious friend took her in for a few months, while she found her feet and got herself a job as a sales clerk at Stephenson’s which paid her enough to cover a small studio rental and part-time college fees. By now Alwyn had made up her mind that journalism was the sensible way to go since it would both earn her a living and let her write (though her real goal was still fiction) and she took a steep set of classes to get her there as soon as possible.
By twenty she had shed the last trace of accumulated ballast.
“But opera singers are supposed to be . . .” her mother would begin.
“Be what, fat?”
“No. No. Not fat. Substantial. Eat up, Alwyn. Please.”
And with that extra weight gone from body and face she discovered, along with others, that underneath it all she was beautiful, very.
At twenty-one she was accepted into Freedman’s School of Journalism in Los Angeles where she excelled. She had finally managed to make at first peace, then a pact with discipline and hard work: she would apply herself if they in turn promised to get her where she was going.
Which was were precisely? Well, she pictured herself with the Times or the Herald, or perhaps even with some smaller paper, writing against deadlines during the day and pouring herself into her fiction, sans deadline, at night.
Her 21st Century Journalism teacher had other ideas. At one of their monthly teacher-student conferences she eventually got around to: “Not that I want to steer you away from writing, I know you’re set on it Alwyn, but you are made for television.”
“I don’t like television,” said Alwyn. “I want to write.”
“You should take a look at yourself.”
“So?”
“I cannot think of a network that wouldn’t want you as a reporter.”
“On looks alone?”
“Well, of course not.”
But Alwyn realized that “on looks alone” was in fact the case, was what her teacher was pointing out to her as diplomatically as possible; was what television first and foremost wanted, required, even.
At their next conference her teacher announced that she had got her an interview with a local station.
“I want to write,” she said.
“This is a very good opportunity,” said her teacher.
“I want to write,” said Alwyn.
“You’d waste your talent.”
“Looks are not a talent.”
“Of course not. And you are a good writer. But you are also a good observer. And you have what it takes for television.”
“It’s not that I’m ungrateful,” said Alwyn. “Or that I don’t appreciate your help. I really do. But I want to write, and I’m going to write.”
:
She graduated with honors two years later and was offered a job with the Orange County Register, covering local events mainly.
And running errands.
And more errands.
And more errands.
And in the end, well fuck this, after six months she was still the way too pretty office boy, and at nights she was too burned out, or too seething, or too both, to get any fiction done. She called her teacher.
“Are you still in touch with that local station?”
Which is where she still worked. Now as their on-the-spot face. Making good money. Very good money. Had in fact paid her mother back. Every penny, and with interest. And she did get to spend some evenings, and most weekends, alone with her fiction, her favorite place. There is not a feeling on this earth, she would tell her friends, that even vaguely compares to what you feel when writing is going well. It’s a wonderful place.
Not even? they would ask. No, not even.
Which was the place she had hoped to revisit that evening, when yet another call reached the station with a possible exclusive: a particularly gruesome scene at St. Mary’s Hospital in Pasadena. One of the nurses (and an informant of the station’s) had called as soon as she had found out.
None of the other stations had it yet, Jim, her night producer, was pretty sure about that.
So, could you, Alwyn? I know it’s your night off, but we’re really stretched here, could you please?
:
When she and Tim, her cameraman, arrived at St. Mary’s she confirmed that they were indeed the only crew on the scene. Which was good news, very good news. Another exclusive, and the third one today. They entered the large, sand-colored building.
“No,” said their public relations person, suddenly materialized out of the administrative recesses of the place, in answer to her question. She had a nodding acquaintance with the man, they had run into each other before. “There is no Fletcher Jones here,” he said.
Alwyn took a good look at him. It was Brian something. Harvey. Brian Harvey, that was it. “Oh, but there is Brian,” she said. “And, from what I hear, he has just managed to get out of a security ward and violated two of you patients, one of whom is in critical condition as a result. And this in the best equipped hospital in town.”
Harvey didn’t make a sound for exactly long enough to confirm the story. As he drew breath to deny everything, he knew that she new. What he had meant to say was, again, “There’s no Fletcher Jones here.” What he did say was, “Who told you?”
“Let’s skip that,” she said. “What I want to know is, what happened? Exactly.”
“You can not run with this,” he said. It was a plea.
“I can, Brian, and I will. How much of the story will be fact and how much will be educated guess is up to you.”
A good public relations man knows when he’s outmaneuvered, and he took it gracefully. You could see his gears shift from denial to damage control.
“Follow me,” he said.
Alwyn signaled for Tim to follow and they all headed for the nearby bank of elevators. Harvey punched the tenth floor button. On the way up Alwyn asked, “So what happened here?”
“I don’t have all the details,” said Harvey. “It seems like Mr. Jones, in full-blown heat, apparently—in fact, what we would deem overcharged—was brought in with a sprained knee earlier today. As is our policy with such individuals—and according to our search the man has a criminal record as well—he was taken to the secure wing on the tenth floor for treatment and confinement. They patched him up well enough, nothing was broken apparently, ligaments something, then sedated him and left him to rest. Somehow he then managed to break out of the ward and into the women’s ward located in the opposite end of the security wing and, well, you seem to know the rest.”
“Somehow?” asked Alwyn.
Harvey hesitated again. “There was a mix-up.”
She didn’t answer, waiting for more. As they reached the tenth floor she noticed with satisfaction that Tim had the camera running, low-light mode. The lower of the two little red lights below the lens was blinking, like a pulse—alive. She didn’t think Harvey had noticed, or he would have said something.
“Mix-up?” she said as they stepped out of the elevator.
“That’s all I know,” he answered. “What he was given was not a sedative, apparently. Or if it was, it wasn’t strong enough. Whatever they gave him seems to have taken care of the pain, but little else. He got up as soon as left alone, broke out of the ward and . . .”
“Broke out?”
“Apparently.”
“It’s a secure ward.”
“Mr. Fletcher is apparently resourceful.”
“It’s a secure ward, Brian.”
“I know.”
“No guards?”
“Apparently not.” Harvey had begun to sweat, if only lightly, but Alwyn know to look for these signs. “And then, well, by scent, of course, found his way to the female ward.”
“You don’t have the scent blocked?” Alwyn sounded incredulous although she very well knew they didn’t. Scent proofing was still a very expensive process, and the material used—a graphite compound ten times the density of lead, though nowhere as heavy—was not readily available yet. What little of it could be found was usually bought up by the very wealthy who had now begun to scent proof their bunkers.
Harvey looked at her, surprised. “No. No, of course not. The funding.”
“I would have thought,” began Alwyn.
“No, the State never approved the funds for scent proofing. To scent proof a wing, or even a ward, would cost a fortune.”
“Ah,” said Alwyn, as if taking a mental note of that. Then asked, “I still don’t understand how he manage to get out of a secure area? It’s designed, is it not, to keep the likes of him in?”
They had turned right at the elevators and were, according to the signs, heading toward the secure male wing. As she asked the question, Alwyn was wondering what it was Harvey had planned to show them? Why had he brought them?
“I honestly don’t know. As I said, he must be very resourceful.”
“And how did he get into the female ward? It is secure as well, isn’t it? He never left the floor, right?”
“No, he never did. And yes, it is. And again, I honestly don’t know.”
“Who were his victims? And how are they doing?”
“You know better than that.”
“I’m not asking for their names.”
“I see.” He looked around, as if searching for something, then looked back at Alwyn. “One of them, a middle-aged women, sustained several blows to her head and chest. She probably tried to fight him off. The other, a girl in her teens, got away with bruises.”
“So it’s the older woman who is in critical condition?” Just to confirm.
Before he had a chance to answer, and as if on cue, an alarm sounded, and within seconds all activity on the floor seemed to flow past them toward the female ward behind them. Alwyn turned, and set out after them, motioning for Tim to follow. Harvey, taken by surprise, was temporarily rooted to the spot. “It’s this way,” he said indicating the opposite direction, to no one in particular now, though meant for the swiftly receding news team. Then he swore and set out after them.
The nameless middle-aged woman, Fletcher’s first victim, had taken a drastic turn for the worse, had flat-lined, and now a gaggle of doctors and nurses, crowded round her bed, tried to revive her. Defibrillation paddles, chemicals, oxygen masks, all impressively orchestrated. Alwyn wondered at the spectacle and Tim was getting some very good footage.
Alwyn recognized Edward John, the physician she had interviewed earlier in the day, then turned as Harvey caught up with them.
“You have to leave,” he said even before he reached them.
“Who is it?” asked Alwyn.
“You have to leave,” he said again.
“This patient, who is it?”
“He should not be filming,” said Harvey.
“Is this one of the victims?” asked Alwyn.
Harvey didn’t know for sure, but suspected it was. “We must leave,” he said again.
More people arrived, and suddenly Alwyn and Tim found themselves much in the way. “Get these people the hell out of here,” yelled one of the doctors, loud enough for security to react, and soon they were all back in the hallway, looking through thick, wire meshed glass at the activity inside.
Then, as if everyone suddenly lost interest in their doings, it ceased. The flat line remained flat, and dejected now—their body language spoke quite clearly—the small congregation began to dissipate without looking at each other.
“She didn’t make it,” said Alwyn.
Harvey didn’t answer. “Was that one of the victims?” she asked again.
“Shut that damn thing off,” said Harvey to Tim who was still filming.
“Why did you bring us up here?” asked Alwyn.
Harvey looked at her as if she had spoken some other language, not quite tracking. Then he caught on. “Fletcher Jones,” he said. “I wanted to show you Mr. Jones.”
“Who is now also a killer,” said Alwyn.
“That is completely unconfirmed,” said Harvey. “Besides, even if it were the case—which I’m not saying it is—since the man was in heat, he would not be legally responsible.”
“I know,” said Alwyn. “Although you, the Hospital, would be.”
“We don’t know what just happened here, this could have been a different patient,” said Harvey, glancing back in through the thick glass at the still patient and the lone nurse now remaining to tidy things up.
“Though we can be fairly certain,” began Alwyn.
“Follow me,” said Harvey.
At the other end of the long hallway, through equally thick, and wire meshed glass, Harvey pointed out a sleeping figure strapped to a bed. “Mr. Jones,” he said.
“What medication was he given initially?” asked Alwyn, while casting a quick glance at Tim that meant: start up again.
She could see the little red light blinking, and again asked the question.
“Sorry?” Harvey didn’t follow.
“The initial medication, the sedative he was supposed to have gotten. What was it?”
“I don’t know.”
“But it did not subdue him?”
“No.”
“And now one of his victims are dead.”
“As I said, that is not confirmed.” Then at Tim, “Please, I asked you to turn that damn thing off.”
“Has this ever happened at St. Mary’s before?” she asked, knowing full well that it had.
“We strive to keep incidents like this to an absolute minimum.”
“But has it happened before?”
“Once or twice. It is almost impossible to avoid, especially at peak of Season.”
“Though you could hardly call this peak of Season. It’s hardly begun. We’re still in February.”
“We strive to keep these incidents to a minimum,” Harvey repeated. The official line.
“Well, he seems quiet enough now,” said Alwyn, and motioned for Tim to capture the sleeping Fletcher Jones through the glass.
“He is no threat to anyone at this point,” agreed Harvey, as he turned and set out for the elevators, by now painfully aware that bringing them up to witness and film the now secured Mr. Jones had been one major faux pas.
“This is not an auspicious beginning,” said Alwyn.
“To what?”
“Why, to the Season, of course. What else?”
“Mr. Jones is now safely subdued. It was an unfortunate accident.”
“Yes, especially for that poor woman,” said Alwyn and nodded in the direction of the opposite wing.
Harvey didn’t answer, instead he pressed the elevator button to summon his escape from this embarrassment.
Once outside, Tim quickly uploaded their digitized footage to the studio, and Alwyn then went live with her report. She noticed with satisfaction that other stations had yet to arrive.
A brilliant exclusive.


::29::
Although I work on the ninth floor, which is where they bring most of the UII victims, I was up on tenth helping set things up when they brought him in. Tenth is where they bring the overcharged ones. Males to the right, females to the left. That’s what they call them: overcharged. The violent ones. The crazies. That’s what they call the men; the women are called insatiable or, yes, crazies as well. It’s like two Storms take hold of these poor people, anything can set them off. Out of any control.
The wards on tenth are secure, on paper.
This guy was overcharged all right. And hurt as well. His knee. First they fixed him up, but then I have no idea what they gave him, but it sure as rain wasn’t the right thing. Didn’t knock him out or sedate him at all, quite the opposite it seems. There’s going to be hell to pay for this. Television crew came as well—it was Alwyn Moore—and very quickly, too. Someone called them, I’m sure; and I think I know who did. Yes, I believe I know who it is calls them when these things happen, but that’s none of my business of course.
I’m pretty sure I know, though.
But he sure as rain didn’t go under, this crazy didn’t. Instead, first chance he got, he broke out of Ten East and into Ten West (this man must be good with locks, is all I can say).
And went crazy in there. I mean, all these women crazies—even if sedated and no longer as willing to play—I’m sure would drive anyone around the bend. Sure drove Mr. Jones around the bend and he went mad with it and now he’s violated and killed one woman and UII’ed a girl. Real bad screw-up is what it is, and there will be hell to pay here, I’m sure. I’m just so glad I wasn’t involved. So very, very glad.
He’s sleeping now, Mr. Jones is, and I’m still up here in Ten East to help make sure he stays that way. His knee is not looking too good. He shouldn’t have moved around on a knee like that, made it a lot worse. We may even have to operate now, but that’s not of immediate concern, said Dr. John. Of immediate concern, he said, is that this does not happened again, that any-thing like this never happens again. I’m not sure who screwed up, though I think I know.
Whoever is definitely in trouble.


::30::
By the time Lara returned to her apartment that night the official UII count was nearing six hundred, some anchor person said, as if things were progressing satisfactorily and some goal was now within reach. She sighed and changed the channel in time to catch Alwyn Moore’s report from some hospital or other where some crazy or other had gotten loose. She shook her head and changed the channel to more of the same somewhere else, then turned of the set.
She could smell the night, all of it, every nook of it. This part she enjoyed, this painting within a painting, these amazing colors that she assumed dogs and other such animals could perceive all the time. She envied them a little. No, not a little: a lot. It was like walking in a painting, odorous color in abundance where none had been before. The dust on the floor had color, the varnish of her table, the many cookings elsewhere in the building, the trees and the grass, and the air outside. Her own clothes, the sofa, even the remote control had an odor. Immersed. That’s what she was, and she wished it would stay this way, just this, nothing more.
She had told Helen she may not show up tomorrow, depending. Helen was fine about that, of course. Either way, take care, girl. She really was a great boss.
It was dark outside. She imagined she could smell the darkness, that it too had an odor, but really, it was only what traveled on the wind. And the trees outside, palms lining the street, and three tall eucalyptus trees in front of the building, fragrant year around, almost violently so now.
:
The scream ripped the scents apart.
At first Lara thought it came from the television, it was a television sort of scream, acted: not truly painful nor truly afraid, then she caught the echo of it, and in it the fear was real; and it didn’t come from the set which sat there, dark and brooding, as if falsely accused.
She listened hard for more, and there it was again, outside, from the alley below. She ran up to her window and looked out. Saw nothing. Ran across her living room to turn off the lights, then back to the window. After a few seconds she could make out the alley, but it was silent and still. No one chased or frightened. Then came the scream again, farther down, away from her building, and then there was motion. Three shadows, darkly dressed, a team. Their victim, even though moving away, was screaming louder now, screaming for help, the word quite clear even over the wind and the increasing distance. Lara thought of getting the gun out of her backpack and run down to the woman’s aid, but thought better of it. Likely the three men—or boys, she couldn’t tell—were armed too. And they were likely to turn on her as well, even though she was still a day or two from true heat. She could not defend herself against a team of three. She pressed her face closer to the glass the better to see, then opened the window and leaned out. But the alley was quiet again, the shadows had moved out of range. Other windows had gone dark, too, and she could pictures other people, lone women like herself, lone men not yet ready, children even, peering out into the night to catch a glimpse; leaning, listening for more. None of them moving to help. Just like her.
And just like her closing their windows again, pulling their curtains shut, and turning their lights back on.
She was a little sick with herself. She should have done something, she should have helped. No, she should have left for the lake after all. This was crazy. And this was only the beginning. Not even the beginning, hadn’t even begun.
Her telephone sprang into life, and loudly. Lara jumped, then cursed. Virtually ran over to the damn thing and checked the calling number. A marketeer, with that number, a marketeer. She unplugged the set from the wall, then turned the television back on, for company if nothing else. Her pulse was still racing from the sudden sound. She willed herself calm and sat down.
The public service station aired a dos and don’ts program, and as timing would have it, one of the don’ts the cheerfully serious interviewee—an oldish, gray-haired woman, who looked more like a man than a woman, a professor something, UCLA—held out as very important was: Don’t get involved. You’ll only get hurt. There is no reasoning with a hunter, or a team. They will have bolstered themselves into a quiet, calculating frenzy. That is what the hunt is all about. Knowing, or at least convinced, that the victim wants the outcome. Why else would she beckon? No, the good professor shook her head quite emphatically, do not get involved. This is nature. Let it run its course. You’ll have enough problems of your own.
Let nature run its course? Even though she knew: this was nature during Season, Lara found the words hard to believe. Or accept. Some poor woman, or girl, was at this very moment falling pray to a team. And not willingly, no way willingly—those screams held real fear, real emotion; not play, not a game—which the woman on the screen was now if not actually claiming, at least suggesting.
Let nature run its course, the woman said again from the screen, as if a mantra, a solution to the whole problem.
She went on to other dos and don’ts, but Lara tuned out. Went back to the window, pulled back the curtains, but could see nothing now. Most of the lights were back on in the windows across the alley. Show’s over. Nature was running its course down below, out of sight.
That was as close as Lara came to getting her final things together and take off for the glade.
But no, God damn it, she had promised herself to stay, and she would stay. To take her mind off of what was happening outside, nature taking its course, she looked around the room for something, something, and decided on music. She found a CD of Peter Hurford’s Bach organ, put it on. Not too loudly, just enough to soothe. Enough to fill the room and blend with the many scents. Then she unpacked her Piglet backpack—who seemed resigned to its fate and did not kick up a fuss—then fixed herself a late dinner.


::31::
Harman-Karman looked out over his fading back yard, then down at his book, crisp in the pool of lamp light, and put pen to paper; casting a moving shadow across the sheet as he wrote:

H-K Journal—2/28/2008
As I thought: commercially, hell now reigns.
I did go to work. Debated a little whether or not to, though, but I can’t sit around the house all day for no good reason. Five guys were missing. I know they’re making a big deal out of it, but I think that perhaps the Seasons are starting earlier and earlier. I don’t remember so many guys out last year, not this early.
I kept things pretty well in check at work although things were coming on strongly, and in the end it was all I could do to stay till five.
And that’s it for work. I’m nearly tenting now, and scent is here as well now. I find it hard to concentrate, find it heard to write this even. As if someone’s installed a boiler somewhere near my heart—or liver or loins, hard to pinpoint—and turned the heat all the way up. My blood’s flowing a little faster, a little thinner (or thicker), a little closer to the surface, as if I’ve taken niacin, flushing and burning, but not with vitamin B: with Season, come to visit once again.
Now that the pact is off, I think I will hunt. The thought does appeal. The letting go. I’ve had many good hunts, and I have some more ones in me, I’m sure.
I will keep writing though. I will. I will.
No matter what happens, I will.


::32::
Alwyn Moore returned to her apartment late that night.
Partly proud—satisfied that she had done a good job, and especially pleased they had beaten the rest of the stations to St. Mary’s, by over an hour, as it turned out—and partly sick of it.
Her station’s ratings were very good, and she was as much the reason for that as anyone else, she knew that—something her pocketbook and bank accounts amply confirmed. But then there was her other life, her favorite place. Her unfinished, or rather—and more to the point—her often conceived but never really viable, novel. Stillborn, over and over. Re-started, over and over. Scrapped again, over and over. She had eight Chapter Ones on her hard drive, not counting the two that never made it that far. Stillborn novels all, incomplete, missing limbs, missing heart. Why she kept them, she had no idea. She should probably erase them.
And then she would turn to short stories. Short shorts, she called them. That’s to say, on good days she’d call them that, or sketches; on bad days she put them down to literary doodling or exercises. These she wrote by hand. She had a small mountain of them, in blue ink on thick white paper. Sketches in ink, the novel—the novel, was it the same novel over and over or a new one each time, she wasn’t sure—on the computer. That’s how she worked.
Two fictional lives: the lifetime, the marathon, the novel on the one hand, and the day, the dash, the sprint, the sketch on the other. This evening she couldn’t face either. She was too tired, too spent, exhausted, beat, bushed, drained, whatever the synonym, to even try. Instead she closed her eyes and toyed with these adjectives. Just too damn empty. No ink in her veins, nothing to say, nothing she had seen. Nothing to fan that quiver of curiosity that she recognized as the writer within her stirring. Nothing she had to say. No image she had to capture. That’s how she fell asleep. Coat on the sofa beside her, shoes barely off her feet. Dead to the world.
:
Until the sirens screamed her awake.
God, what time was it? She counted two, three, four cars. One police, one ambulance, and two fire trucks—she had long since learned to tell them apart by sound alone, you had to in her line of work. She pulled her left arm free and twisted her wristwatch band to see the dial, held it up to reflect the soft light from the street lamps outside, and finally made it out: three thirty. Oh, Christ.
A soft call from far below said to ignore the sirens, said to close her eyes. Said, you’d be an idiot not to sink back against the warm soft fabric of the sofa, or better yet, fall down to your right and curl up on it, drift back into wherever you just surfaced from.
And she was just about to heed the voice, when the professional in her—now stirring as well, registering the time, my God—took over. This was a big deal. At this hour, in this neighborhood. She ambled over to the phone and called the station’s night producer. James picked up on the second ring.
It was all over the emergency service frequencies. The Benedictine Convent in Hollywood was on fire. It was a four station call. It would have been the Glendale trucks she had heard rush by on Los Feliz Avenue two blocks north of her condo. And James had heard the word arson mentioned more than once, he said. The entire convent was in flames, all four corners on fire working itself toward the middle.
“Who have you got?” she asked.
“Bill and Francene are on their way.”
And the sofa beckoned again. But what she said was: “Mind if I go, too?”
“Live?”
“No. No, let them handle it. For extra footage. Background, perhaps. See what I can find.”
“No. I don’t mind.”
“Please call Tim, would you. Tell him to meet me there.”
“Where exactly?” James, ever the pragmatist. “It’ll probably be crowded.”
She thought briefly about the Convent layout. “Tell him to meet me at the Griffith Park entrance. Which street is that again?”
“Fern Dell and Los Feliz.”
“Yes, at Fern Dell.”
“Will do.”
“And to bring several cards.”
“Okay.”
She hung up. Then, by sheer habit, headed for her wardrobe to change clothes and then refresh her makeup, to get ready for a live broadcast, when she remembered that Bill was taking care of that. She didn’t have to pretty herself up. And thank God for that. All she needed was a warm jacket.
Then something hit home: The Benedictine Convent. On fire. James had mentioned arson. She shuddered, picked a jacket, and headed out into the dark February morning.
Once she got onto Los Feliz she saw the glow in the western sky as if from a large and distant city. Las Vegas from a hundred miles away. At Wayne, where the street crested, it was as if Los Feliz itself was running straight for an orange hue. She got a red light at Hillhurst and waiting for green the fire struck her as some evil sun trying to climb out of the west.
Two blocks later she could make out smoke, or thought she could. The reds and yellows rose and disappeared into a darkness thicker than night, which she took to be smoke.
Other fire trucks, green—also from Glendale—came up from behind and she pulled over to let them pass. Sirens blaring, engines racing. She set out after them. By the time she reached Fern Dell, and pulled off to her right, the fire was all you’d notice. Only a couple of blocks over now, the western sky was lit in yellow, red, almost green in places, and the smoke, the darker, billowing, vicious smoke.
Tim arrived a few minutes later. “Sorry,” he said. “They’ve blocked off Franklin. Had to get around it. Fire trucks everywhere.”
“What do you hear?” she asked.
“It’s now a five station alert,” he said, checking the battery of his camera.
“Arson?”
“That’s the word.”
“Are you okay there,” she said, nodding at the camera. “Cards?”
“Two extra, and one extra battery.” He patted his shoulder bag. “What’s your angle?”
“I don’t have one yet.”
“Bill and Francene doing the live?”
“Yes.”
“Which means that we are . . . ?”
“I want to find a different angle.”
“Literally?” he asked.
She looked up at him, smiled, “Yes, why not,” she said. “Let’s go to the North side.”
They got in his Jeep, better suited and less conspicuous than her Mercedes, took Fern Dell north to Live Oak which wound it’s way to Tyron. “You sure this will get us to the north side?” said Tim.
“No,” she said. “Doesn’t matter. Let’s park here.” She pointed at an empty spot four cars down. They climbed out, she looked around, took her bearings.
The local residents, awake of course, stood gaping in doorways and on lawns, or hung out windows, trying to understand what was happening, and so nearby. They struck Alwyn as a string of kids by a mammoth bonfire, enjoying the spectacle, watching the flames and smoke rise straight up—and very lucky, she thought, there’s no wind, or they would most likely find themselves homeless in a flash; something they seemed childishly oblivious to, all eyes and more eyes. Lots of mouths.
“Chained.” Someone to her left was telling someone else. She turned to face him. He was an older fellow, dressed in a security guard uniform, possibly ex-cop she decided, not making enough on his pension to retire altogether, or just not able to sit idle for the rest of his life, whichever. She said, “Chained?”
“Chained,” he said. Loudly, to be heard over the flames and the sirens that still squealed down Franklin heading in their direction. “Chained. The back gate was chained.”
“What do you mean?”
He took a long look at her, recognizing her most likely, or thinking he did, and now trying to place her oddly lit face. “Chained,” he said again. “The back gate’s been chained and padlocked.” Said as if very out of place.
“Normally it’s not?” she asked.
“That gate is never locked. It’s the north gate. They call it the North Gate.”
“Who calls it the North Gate?”
“You know, the homeless and so on. It’s well known around here that if they get too desperate they can always go to the North Gate. That,” and he pointed, “is the North Gate. Over there.”
Alwyn strained to see, but could not make out a gate among the flames and smoke.
“The North Gate?”
“Yes.”
“How do you know? That it was chained, I mean.”
“I noticed it, just as the fire started.”
“You saw the fire start?” Alwyn took one step aside to allow Tim to get a shot of this man. She couldn’t hear the camera pulse into action, the flames and the sirens drowned out what little noises it made, but she had worked with Tim long enough: when she stepped aside like this, giving him a clear shot, it meant: prime the mike, then get this on the card, as best you can.
“No, I came just after that.”
“Worked late?” she guessed.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“But you noticed the gate.”
“First I noticed the fire,” he said. “The flames rose over there,” he pointed to the south. “And over there,” he pointed to the east.
“At the same time?”
“At the same time.”
“And the gate?”
“Then I noticed the gate. Sometimes it stands ajar, you see, so I check it on my way home. I push it shut for them sometime. Some guy arrived and didn’t close it after him. So I looked, by reflex, you know, and it was secured, as we’d say.”
A cold fist brought the next question: “From the inside or outside?”
“Well, that’s just it,” said the man. “From what I could see, It was locked from the out side.”
As the meaning of this came rushing at her, Alwyn tried to steady herself into the professional.
“And you’re sure about this?” She asked. “It was chained from the outside?”
“Yes. I took a closer look just to make sure.”
“Thank you very much, Mister, Mister?”
“Chandler.”
“Mister Chandler.”
“Arthur.”
“Arthur Chandler?”
“Yes ma’am.”
Alwyn turned to Tim who nodded, yes, he’d gotten it.
A crowd was gathering around them in the unnatural dawn of the fire, half of them eyeing the interview, recognizing her, the other half looking at the fire raging. Growing taller, hotter. Angrier.
To Alwyn’s ear it wasn’t like a scream at all, not at first. It was like that whistle that a log can sometimes let go from a fireplace, amidst the crackling and sputtering of the consuming heat. A long whistle like that, only so much larger, longer, alive. The big log of the convent giving up its spirit. Only it wasn’t the convent, it wasn’t a log. It was a nun, or nuns, more than one voice. Human beings. Human logs. At least, that’s what she guessed, and her stomach suddenly grew very hollow, falling. Those were screams. They were burning.
Tim was filming the blaze. She had to touch him twice on the shoulder to get his attention. Motioned to him to follow her down Tyron Road. Listening again for the voices, she was no longer sure she could hear them, no longer sure what she was hearing, they were too indistinct, drowned by the roar of flames. And hoping she was wrong.
“Do you hear screams?” she asked him.
He stopped to listen. “No,” he said.
“I could have sworn.”
“The nuns?”
“The North Gate was locked,” she said. “From the outside.”
“Yes, I heard that.”
“Is there a west gate?” she asked.
“I don’t know.”
They moved down the road, negotiating around people who didn’t see them coming, who only saw the fire, not diminishing, as if the convent was unexpectedly rich: a well-stocked larder, a feast for flames.
They came to the westward bend in Tyron Road and from here they could see the gate. She had no idea whether it was called the Western Gate, but she could tell—now that she was looking for it: it too had been chained shut. She could see no lock, however, could not tell whether it had been locked from within or without, but she could see the chain, and she thought she could see the outline of a body a few feet inside the gate. Charred habit, a something large dropped on the ground, perhaps covering something alive, or recently alive.
Again, she thought she heard a scream, though it was very hard to tell over the roar, the storm of the fire. “There,” she said to Tim, who again didn’t hear. He was busy, his job, getting it all on the card. “Can you hear it?” she said, louder this time. He lowered the camera and listened. “No,” he said. “Just the fire.”
“Maybe it’s me,” she said.
But then the scream tore itself from the fire, rose on more than just pain, it rose on anguish, on rage. It finally reached everyone’s ear and they looked at each other, first in wonder, then in horror. “They haven’t gotten them out?” said one woman to no one in particular. Incredulous. At least on the surface, thought Alwyn. Also a little pleased: the catastrophe was improving.
“They’re burning,” said the same woman, this time to the man next to her. “The nuns are burning.” To Alwyn’s ear the woman actually sounded elated.
Four firemen came rushing across the lawn to the south of where they stood. Tools, cutters. More firemen behind, a hose, and another.
“Are they still in there?” she shouted at one of the helmeted fighters but either he didn’t hear her or he ignored her, intent on his job. She didn’t repeat the question. Instead she looked behind her to make sure Tim was getting this. He was.
The four fighters approached the west gate, almost reached it, but did not take the few final steps. Could not. It was simply too hot. The men coming up behind them with the hose stopped too, then began shouting to others farther down the line. Alwyn realized that the hose was not long enough, they were yelling for an extension.
She looked back up Tyron Road for sings of hydrants, but could see none. Of course, these men would know where they were. Minutes passed. Long, long minutes. Tim was filming. No one got nearer to the gate. The fire, if anything, was intensifying.
There was another scream, more than one. Two. Three nuns, rushing out of the burning building through a small door perhaps a hundred feet from the gate. In flames.
Out of nowhere—perhaps wishfully—Alwyn thought of stunt men, this was a film set. This was not real. These nuns were well protected underneath—hardy stuntmen. Let the cameras get everything in the can, then the foam will reach them and cool them and they will step out of their costumes smiling and high-fiving, safe and sound.
But these screams were not scripted. You don’t act anguish like this. These women were dying, horribly, painfully, rushing for the gate, one of the them falling down now, still in flames, still screaming; then the second, tumbling, flailing like something epileptic, on the ground, rolling, and suddenly, instantly still and quiet; the third—even from where she stood Alwyn could sense the strength in that woman—reached the gate and grabbed it with both hands, grabbed the nearly red hot iron bars with both hands, searing them to the gate, and screaming louder now, with the fresh pain. Then she simply expired. Turned dead quiet, slumped down against the gate, her hands holding her up, still welded in their original grip. She struck Alwyn as someone hanging by tied hands to a whipping post after a hundred lashes, killed by her punishment (and chided herself for thinking: she must remember this, she must remember these details, how would she put this in words—disgusted at her mind’s detachment, at it’s inhuman fascination with exactly how her hands were welded to the searing metal).
Finally another huge roll of fire hose was brought up and joined to the one already in place. Plenty long enough now. And then the water. She could hear it fill the hose, rush to the rescue.
And then the water threw itself on the flames, on the gate, turning to steam, to cloud at first, then cooling the gate enough to remain water a little longer, a little farther. Extinguishing the shape slumped against the gate. And giving dimension to the outline already on the ground. More than just an outline. Charred.
Alwyn could here more fire truck approaching, sirens wailing, rushing up Western. The smoke rising from the burning convent now mixed with steam, and the light was lessening a little as the water fell and fell from many directions. She thought of crossing the long, sloping lawn to the south side of the grounds, but she saw more fire crew approaching in their direction and did not want to get in the way. Instead she got Tim’s attention and motioned for him to follow. She needed to find someone in charge. The fire or police chief. Someone who knew. She had to make sure.
Once they reached Tim’s Jeep they realized there was no driving it anywhere. The narrow street was jammed now with other vehicles. Two Station vans included. Setting up to report on the fire. But there was more to this than fire, than arson. This, quite possibly, was premeditated murder. It was insanity. It was . . . , she could find no words for it. But she had to confirm, had to find someone who knew for certain.
They returned down Tyron Road on foot, Alwyn almost running, Tim in tow. To reach the southern gate of the campus they would have to cross the large lawn to the west of the convent, and Alwyn set out in that direction. There had to be someone in charge, perhaps closer to Franklin.
Could this be what it appeared to be? And if so—and this finally struck her, though it should have occurred to her sooner—could it possibly be Season related?
Something caught her eye, more like a shadow than a clear impression. It struck her as a thin, silently moving tree. Leafless, just trunk and branches. Then the image of Flay, Mervyn Peak’s skin and bones only manservant from Gormenghast flitted across some internal screen. It was familiar, this shadow, but not from a book, no, and from not so long ago: Los Angeles. Downtown, about two weeks ago, recently anyway. And then it came to her, and she had to smile, the horrible circumstance notwithstanding: It was Blackburn Small.
So aptly and yet so inaptly named—they had joked about it more than once. All six foot two of him, slim as a willow, but with the incompatible name of Small, which he was so very far from. And he, a Blackburn, worked for the LAPD’s arson investigation unit. Headed it up, nowadays. The first time she met him and he told her his name, she couldn’t stop giggling for what was definitely an unconscionable amount of time. It just struck her so, so; well, if you had sat down to plan it, you could not have topped it. She wasn’t giggling now though, and her smile soon faded, too. But this was the man she wanted to see, perhaps whom she had intuitively set out to find. He was moving about, smoothly, studying the ground, looking for who knows what. She was very pleased, professionally, that he was alone, no other reporters around; Mr. Small, for all intents and purposes, as yet unnoticed.
And neither had he seen her and Tim. He straightened now, looked back down at the ground and then followed some trace or path with his eyes. Alwyn tried to discern what, but couldn’t. Then, as if he had found or seen something, he headed away from them, back toward Franklin. Alwyn picked up her pace to a flat out run. Tim protested somewhere behind her, he had the camera to lug, plus he was almost twice her weight.
“Blackburn.” It wasn’t quite a shout. But loud enough to reach him over the din of the fire and stop him in his tracks. He turned around, alarmed at first, then frowning. She was not a welcome sight, at least not on first reflection. “Alwyn,” he said. “So soon.”
“I live nearby,” she said.
“Ah,” he nodded.
In the reddish light of the fire he looked more like a large bird than a tree, a thin wading thing, picking at things by his feet. “The gates,” she said.
“Yes,” he said.
“This was deliberate,” she stated more than asked.
He looked at hear for a while, scrutinized would be the word. Making her out. As if assessing how much she might know and how much to trust her with. Then made up his mind, “Not only was it deliberate,” he said. “They wanted us to know it was deliberate.”
“They?”
“Oh, this took coordination. A team.”
“You can tell?”
“Look,” he said. “This is not the best time.”
“I’m know. I’m sorry. When can we talk?”
“I don’t know.”
“Can you give me an exclusive on this?”
“You know I can’t.”
“Just two minutes. Please.”
“Two minutes,” he said, and held up two of his long spindly fingers.
“How can you be sure this is the work of several people?”
“This fire started in at least six, perhaps eight different places, simultaneously. Points of the compass.”
“Points of the compass?”
“Evenly spaced round all directions.” Then he noticed Tim, noticed the little red dot blinking which meant the camera was on, filming. “Turn that off,” he said. It wasn’t a request. It was an order. Alwyn motioned for Tim to do so.
“And the gates?” she said.
“Yes.” He confirmed.
“They were locked?”
“Yes.”
“From the outside?”
“From what I can tell.”
“So then,” she said. “This is not only arson, is it?”
“No,” he said. “It’s not only arson.”
“Why?” she heard herself almost stutter. “How could?”
“I have no idea,” he said. “It’s insane.”
“Storm-related?”
“Who knows.” Then he looked over at Tim, as if to make sure he was not filming. “I’ve got to go,” he said.
“You said two minutes.”
“It’s been two minutes.”
“I has not.”
“I’ve got to go.”
Alwyn watched the crane-willow-Flay of a man move away, still following some trail on the ground she still could not make out. She turned to Tim. “You get that?”
“Yes,” he said. He had simply covered the red light with his finger. He was nothing if not a professional.
She nodded, “Good.”
When she turned back to see where Blackburn Small was headed she could no longer spot him. No way of telling where he had gone. “Let’s get some more footage of the gates,” she said.
:
By the time Alwyn and Tim got to the station it was almost six o’clock; though it might as well have been four in the afternoon and its mad rush for the five-o’clock news. Seemed like everyone not already in Season was in. James was still running things: he was officially in charge of the station until eight a.m., which is when Shirley Fields would take over. Shirley was in, too, of course, in her office, on the phone. Most of the office was on the phone; and from what Alwyn could make out, it was all about the convent fire.
The Arson.
But as yet, not about the murders.
She tapped on the glass wall of Shirley Fields’ office. Shirley, a rather stout woman in her early forties with a face no older than thirty-five, and hair no older than twenty, looked up and motioned for Alwyn and Tim to enter.
By the time they had, she was off the phone.
“The fire,” said Alwyn. “What do the other stations have?”
“Same as us, pretty much. It’s arson, of course.”
“Of course.”
“Bill?”
“We’ve aired two reports from him already. We’re doing well here.”
“And the gates?”
Her day producer looked at her quizzically. “The gates?”
“Has anyone mentioned the gates yet?”
“No,” she said, still a little puzzled. “Not to my knowledge. What about them?”
“They were all locked,” said Alwyn. “Every gate was chained and locked—from the outside. No one could get out.”
Shirley Fields took this in, looked from Alwyn to Tim to Alwyn, “You have got to be kidding.”
“No. Blackburn confirmed it.”
“Blackburn Small?”
“Yes.”
“But, Alwyn,” said the day producer, the professional, and not without excitement, “that’s huge.”
“I know.”
“Do you have enough to go with that?”
“I do.”
“Let me call James. Better yet, let’s go see him.”
The three of them, Shirley, Alwyn and Tim, almost ran down the corridor to James Bittle’s office. He was also on the phone. Saw them approach, waved them in, and hung up.
“We’ve got to go with this right away,” said Shirley. “Your decision, of course.”
Alwyn explained. Of course they went with it. It was an exclusive. She would have to mollify Blackburn Small—who would be furious about this—later. He would understand though, eventually. He was a professional. She was a professional. Jobs to do. Just doing hers.


::33::
According to Thurman Wright—who made it his life’s work to trace and document historical evidence of the Storm—the first recorded mention of it dates from pre-Aryan India, to the Harappa civilization of about 3,000 B.K., say five thousand years ago. Naturally, there are scholars who claim that the Rig Veda—which is replete with references to the Storm—predates Harappa, although those form a small minority.
It was Thurman Wright’s now famous archeological expedition to current Pakistan that in 1992 unearthed the Harappan Tablets containing writing which by accepted dogma predates the Rig Veda by well over a thousand years. Many references are made in these writings, so Wright maintains—and many agree—to the Storm; though others (the field of Storm Philosophy is nothing if not argumentative) claim that those references are to a flood, an actual prehistoric disaster, perhaps the Biblical Flood (a popular conclusion), and further claim that the Harappan word veeni really means water, or the sea, hence flood. Not storm.
In fact, Wright concedes this point—he agrees, veeni does indeed mean water—but then quickly adds that the Harappans most likely conceived of the Storm as originating in the sea, much like those East Coast philosophers of today who sees the Storm rise out of the Atlantic, or those in the West Coast who still look to the Pacific as the source.
But Wright also, in one of his rebuttals to his critics, points not only to the writing, but to the entire Harappan civilization, including its cities (which, he claims, included what we today refer to as bunkers, places where husbands and wives could ride out the Storm, protected from, and undisturbed by, other elements, such as hunters), and to its many artifacts, often detailed and well preserved, as supporting his theories and conclusions.
For one, it is well established—and for the most part agreed—that many of the Harappan terracotta figurines that have been found—and by carbon-14 dating established as at least five thousand years old—depict their subjects in heat. The act of copulation is indisputable in some of these clay dolls, though there is no way to ascertain whether this act was consensual or not; the figurine faces of both males and females seem to depict pleasure but, as we know, sexual pleasure is well-nigh indistinguishable from such pain as would indicate, say, UII—for, as has often been pointed out and elaborated on—the face of a man or woman in sexual ecstasy is virtually indistinguishable from a face in pain: the grimace of ecstasy, the rictus of Storm.
What Wright stresses, however, is that when you compare the figurines in heat with other Harappan terracotta artifacts, say those of ox-drawn carts, or buildings or tools or toy animals—some of these even with moving parts and heads—you will notice that the un-copulating figurines are more elaborate and exquisite in their detail, as if more care, more time, or more concentration (is the word Wright uses) was applied to them; whereas the in-heat figurines seem rushed or frenzied by comparison, as if produced in heat, signaling, he concludes, that the cycle, as we know it, clearly existed at that time.
Further signaling, he says, that the Storm was on their artists’ minds, and, by extension, that this is what the Harappan Tablets allude to as well.
To be sure, no one disputes that the cycle existed then, how else would the species have procreated? The dispute (waning as of late) is whether or not the Harappan Tablets do in fact mention the Storm or not.
However, Wright does not rest there, he also maintains that the tablets speculate on ways to rise above the Storm, on how to remain untouched, but even he has conceded that we as yet do not know enough about the Harappan language to claim this with any degree of certainty.
Be that as it may.
:
By the time of the Rig Veda, dating—according to most experts—back to about 1600 B.K., all ambiguity, and disagreements, as to Storm references are gone. The Aryan priests were quite wordy about it, and much of the early part of this collection of writings deals primarily with the Storm and its perceived problems: how to know it (not very hard), how to face it (harder), how to escape it (ride it out—harder still), how to transcend it (stay untouched—nigh impossible).
The latter part of the Rig Veda then proceeds into the ultimate causes and effects, beyond and before (and after) any and all Storms, as do many of the other Vedic Hymns.
:
The Upanishads, mostly dating from about 800 B.K., and which many take to be musings and extensions of the Vedic Hymns, attempt to probe what Thurman Wright refers to as the celestial backgrounds of the Storm and other mysteries, and may indeed be the first written record of the Storm as Mystery. There is no doubt that by this time Eastern Religion is more or less preoccupied with how to deal with—and how to transcend—our annual insanity (as Thurman Wright puts it).
:
About 525 B.K., Siddhāttha Gotama—by what strength and insight is not really known or understood—with his Season approaching, sat down beneath a pipal tree (now known as a bodhi tree) at Bodh Gaya to stare Mara down—vowing not to rise until he had found the truth about Mara—Mara originally meant “you kill” in Sanskrit but had by then, by what ancient insight is not known either, been adopted as the Indian word for the Storm.
This he proceeded to accomplish, and after forty-nine unwavering days of facing not only the Storm but the balance of existence, he transcended both Storm and body (if accounts of the event are to be given credence—which Thurman Wright does).
At this point—whether still exterior to his body he does not say, but legend has it that he remained exterior to the Storm for the remainder of his days—he is reported to have told the small gathering by him that he had come to realize full awakening and with it insight into the nature and cause of human suffering—which, in his words, was ignorance—along with the steps necessary to eliminate it.
These steps he named the Four Noble Truths.
The state of Supreme Liberation—the goal of all humanity, and which he claimed was attainable by any being—is Nirvana, and having attained it for himself he came to possess the Nine Characteristics which are said to belong to every Buddha— Siddhāttha Gotama never claimed to be the first, nor the last.
According to one of the stories in the Āyācana Sutta (Samyutta Nikaya VI.1), a scripture found in both Pāli and other canons: immediately after his Enlightenment, the Buddha pondered whether or not he should teach the Dharma (meaning the teachings of the Buddha that lead to enlightenment, or the constituent factors of the experienced world) to human beings.
The Buddha was concerned that as human beings were overpowered by greed, hatred and delusion, they would not be able to see the true dharma, which was subtle, deep and hard to understand. However, a divine spirit, Brahmā Sahampati, interceded on humanity’s behalf and bade that he teach the dharma to the world.
The divine spirit said, “There are those who will understand the Dharma.”
The Buddha bowed his head in acceptance.
Thus guided, and through his compassion for all beings in the universe, the Buddha become a teacher.
:
And taught Four Noble Truths.
He taught the First Noble Truth; He taught the Nature of Dukkha: All life is suffering.
The word Dukkha mean “suffering.”
Storm is dukkha, birth is dukkha, aging is dukkha, sickness is dukkha, death is dukkha; union with what is displeasing is dukkha; separation from what is pleasing is dukkha; to not get what one wants is dukkha; to get what one does not want is dukkha.
He taught the Second Noble Truth; He taught the Origin of Dukkha: Samudaya.
Samudaya means “desire” in all its many forms—some ancients make no distinction between Samudaya and Storm.
The Second Nobel Truth states that suffering is caused by desire, by the craving which leads to renewed existence, accompanied by delight and lust—the Storm in so many words; that is, craving for sensual pleasures, craving for existence, and the craving for extermination: “I die that you may live” is perhaps the Storm’s darkest message.
Suffering rises from dreams—whether fulfilled or not—gendered by our desires, and our attachment to—our adoption of, our embracing, our belief that we are one with—those desires; for even when our desires are fulfilled our desires are not extinguished, rather that fire is fueled and we desire more and more until we have devoured the entire Universe and become just so much cold, lonely rock.
He taught the Third Noble Truth; He taught the Cessation of Dukkha: Nirodha.
Nirodha means “elimination.”
It means emptying, it means releasing, it means letting go of.
He taught us that to eliminate suffering, we must eliminate desire. This elimination is the remainderless fading and cessation of craving, the giving up and letting go, freedom from it, and non-reliance on it.
The third Noble Truth says that thus suffering can be eliminated, and it asserts that it can be done, that it has been done—and that ascension is possible.
He taught the Fourth Noble Truth; He taught the Way Leading to the Cessation of Dukkha: Magga.
Magga means “path.” It means the eightfold path leading to the end of all suffering.
He taught us that to eliminate desire we must follow this path and live by these holy concepts: the right view, the right intention, the right speech, the right action, the right livelihood, the right effort, right the mindfulness, and the right concentration.
While it is not disputed—at least not among non-Kristians—that the Buddha was enlightened, and that he achieved a state of Bodhi; that he was in fact Untouched; it is also clear that neither the Buddha nor his followers were accomplished takers of notes, for nowhere can we find documented a workable method—with stress on workable—of transcending the Storm.
What He instead handed down was an oral and somewhat vague tradition of guidelines—which, to be sure, have subsequently been put down, and elaborated upon—or as Bertrand Fokke puts it in his A Critical View of the Holy: “The Buddha left behind him a be-good path of not much use to the modern man.”
And one might wonder, as does Fokke quite explicitly, how the Buddha would have viewed—or transcend, for that matter—our current avalanche of commercials and advertisements come Season time.
Ignoring, and so ascending, the Season may have been a lot simpler in the Sixth Century B.K., though there is no telling for sure, of course.
This be-good path—as Fokke puts it, and as mentioned above—can be summarized, as Fokke does in his seminal work, as follows:
Life is full of suffering; suffering is the result of craving or desire; suffering can end when desire ends; and the way to end desire is to follow the Noble Eightfold Path; which consists of:
Right views, right aspiration (regarding one’s mind-set), right speech, right conduct, right livelihood (regarding one’s ethics), right effort, right mindfulness, and right contemplation (regarding one’s knowledge).
Thus, for our times, the bottom line: be good.
Which bottom line does not in any fundamental respect differ from the one given us by—though somewhat better, or sooner, documented—Jesus Kristus.
And men have tried: they have hunted, they have violated, they have killed, they have died being thusly good.
Fokke, it is said, died a miserable man, being thusly good.
Yet, in fairness to objectivity, there are men, though mostly in the East, who claim that this four-by-eight path (one of Mr. Fokke’s more humorous, if somewhat condescending, turns of phrase) does indeed work, has led them to ascension.
Fokke may not have been good enough. May not have given the Four Noble Truths, and the Eightfold Paths sufficient credence.
It may well be that there is more to this than met Fokke’s eye, that there is more to it than simply be good.
Do we then turn to the Buddha for answers?


::34::
Leap day dawned gray and cold.
At least Vixer’s nose—which is what woke Harry this morning—had nothing warm about it. Nudging him first on his cheek, then his neck, then his cheek again until it was no longer possible to ignore the cold, moist affection of man’s best friend.
Whenever Harry overslept—and Vixer consequently over-hungered—a battle of wills would ensue, which Vixer always won. Sometimes, granted, it took licking Harry’s face for some time, but in the end it was always Harry who conceded defeat, who pulled himself out of bed and served Vixer his Doggy Chow Chow breakfast. And this last of February morning was no different.
Was it the Season, the leap day, his improved scent—definitely in full bloom now—or did the Doggy Chow Chow all of a sudden appeal to him? Harry had to smile to himself as Vixer out-and-out attached his food.
But his smile faded as he noticed the spasms below, so unmistakably stirring. Today may well be the day. And no preparations. None.
There was no thinking about going to work, he could flare at any moment—not that he expected to, not until perhaps later in the day, if previous years was anything to go by. So, instead he set water boiling and stepped outside to fetch the paper. The breeze was cool and soft and from the north. And a stream of fragrance, above all from his pine, which seemed twice as substantial for its vivid thereness: Harry had to stop, turn to it and look. It was almost as if it spoke to him. As if it wanted to embrace him, take him in and shield him.
Then he regained the slipping grip on himself, shivered himself awake, or more awake, out of these strange notions. He turned from the tree and collected his LA Times.
The convent fire had made it onto the front page, barely—not enough time for full coverage before going to press. But there was a column outlining the stark facts. Arson, a virtual certainty. So far no survivors. The very good picture of burning nuns struck Harry so hard that he had a sudden urge to vomit.
It was all over the television news, of course. Fire still raging.
Then the ominous exclusive from KTLA: Alwyn Moore’s interview with Blackburn Small. About chains, and locked gates. The grim picture she painted with dub-over commentary drew an even grimmer conclusion: They were meant to burn. This was carefully planned mass murder.
Harry’s nausea returned, and again he fought it down. Vixer came into the front room from the kitchen and stopped to look at the television flames, as if he too were disturbed by the news. Then he looked up at Harry, a glance Harry couldn’t make out at all. Concerned, almost.
The knock on the door was Harman-Karman’s. Vixer and Harry turned their heads in unison.
“It’s open,” Harry said, loudly enough to make Vixer look back at him, in wonder. What’s the deal? He hears better than I do.
The door rattled. Was locked. Harry got up and let Harman-Karman in.
“I’m pretty much there,” said Harman-Karman. His voice a little lower than usual. There was tension, too.
“Me too, probably later today,” said Harry.
“I’ve decided,” said Harman-Karman, and sat down.
Instead of answering, Harry turned toward the television again as a clearly annoyed Blackburn Small came on with a voice rather louder than the question, “It’s speculation, pure and simple. It is an ongoing investigation. Nothing has been determined.”
“But we have you on record,” said the reporter.
“On record?” It sounded like a small explosion. “I have said nothing on record about this. And I have nothing further to say.”
With that, Blackburn Small made to move away.
“But it is arson, right?”
The arson specialist hesitated, then turned toward the reporter, “Yes. It is arson.” No uncertainty.
“But the gates were not locked, is that what you’re saying?”
“It’s an ongoing investigation, is what I’m saying.”
“We can see what looks like chains,” said the reporter.
“Until the fire is out we cannot make a determination.” And with that Blackburn Small did make his escape.
“That was Blackburn Small of the LAPD Arson Unit heading up the investigation of the early morning fire at the Benedictine Convent in Hollywood, still raging behind me as you can see. Over to you.”
Harry shook his head. “You seen this?”
Harman-Karman shook his head that he had not. “What’s with the gates?”
“They were chained and locked, apparently. Before they set fire to the place.”
“So how did they get out?” asked Harman-Karman.
“That’s just it. The didn’t.”
“Jesus.”
“Precisely.”
“Everyone?”
“As far as they can tell.”
“Jesus.”
There were more pictures of the fire. An areal shot. Different angles and distances. Flames were still feeding hungrily and smoke billowed up into the now gray morning sky. With dawn, the winds had picked up and they were showing the evacuation of some of the nearby buildings, just in case.
Another shot focused on one of the gates, hard to make out through the mist and smoke, but surely, those were chains securing it shut, were they not?
When the picture abruptly returned to the studio and the pleasant, now excited, face of the anchor re-appeared with the stock phrase, “This just in.”
He was holding up a letter sized sheet of paper, an email just received by the studio, he said. “I will read it to you.”
He looked it over, perhaps for the first time. “It’s cryptic,” he said, more to himself than to the camera. Then he looked back up, and into Harry’s living room, and read:
“For centuries they have denied us our God-given right. For centuries they have held the Seasonal Storm up to ridicule and scorn. For centuries they have locked themselves away from healthy man, denying him. Well, if it be their wish to die, who are we to refuse them?”
The talking head looked the message over again. “It is signed The Western Front,” he said.
“The Western Front?” said Harman-Karman.
Harry was still shaking his head, slowly back and forth.
“Ever heard of them?”
“No,” said Harry. “Never.”


::35::
“The Western Front?”
Alwyn Moore, lack of sleep finally catching up as the rush of the fire was wearing off, looked up from her copy of the email and back at Shirley Fields, her producer.
“Yes, that’s what it says.”
“Every heard of them?”
“No, never.”
“Sounds like a weather system.”
“Or a war zone.”
“Or a war zone,” said Alwyn.
“You want to run with this?”
“Absolutely,” answered Alwyn.
“After you’ve caught up on some sleep,” said Fields. “You don’t look your best.”
“A shower and I’ll be fine. And I’ll have make-up touch me up.”
“You sure?”
“I’m sure.”


::36::
Lara dreamed of the lake by the glade. Or of lakes. There were many. All so different, still all so the same. And of trees, sentinels all, rimming lakes and glades large and small. Stern trees, whispering trees, disapproving trees, embracing trees, contemptuous trees, but in the end, even the oldest and sternest: welcoming trees, branches reaching for her and providing safe passage.
And other lakes, still and hidden; roots reaching for and finding them beneath and out of sight, drawing strength and sustenance from these waters unseen.
Shifting trees and shifting lakes now beckoning her, now greeting her, now warning her, now lamenting her, depending on lake and the mood of the forest.
And then her own glade swam back into focus, her own lake, her own stern and barky parents standing guard on a Lara-less glade wondering where she might have gone to. They did care.
At first she did not want to wake up, did not want to surface; wanted to remain, secure in the arms of caring water and forest.
But the doorbell insisted. And again.
She scrambled out of bed—one leg still in her dream—and one-leggedly navigated out to the front door. The bell rang again.
Lara peaked out through the spy hole at the optically bloated features of Helen. She unchained the door and opened it.
“You are all right,” said Helen on seeing her.
“Sure. I’m fine.”
“When you didn’t come in, I tried to call you. There was no answer. And you said you would stay in town.”
“What time is it?”
“About ten.”
“Oh, my. Guess I didn’t want to wake up.”
“And there was no answer,” said Helen again.
“No, I unplugged it.”
Helen didn’t answer.
“Want to come in?” asked Lara and stepped aside, holding the door open for Helen, who after a moment’s hesitation, entered, looked around, and then sat down on the living room sofa. “Did you hear about the fire?” she asked.
“No, what fire?”
“The Benedictine Convent.”
“In Hollywood?”
“Yes. To the ground.”
“Wow.” Lara was standing in the kitchen doorway, halfway to making them some coffee. A spoon in her hand. Still now, listening. There was more to this.
“No one made it.”
“What do you mean?”
“They all died.”
“The nuns?”
“Yes.”
“How on Earth?”
“It was arson. And the bastards had chained all the gates shut. They apparently lit six or eight simultaneous fires round the perimeter of the convent. They didn’t have a chance.”
Lara looked at Helen as if trying to make her out, what was she saying? “But that’s murder.”
“That’s what they’re calling it.”
“Jesus.” Lara sat down, spoon still in hand, coffee forgotten. Shaking her head slowly. “That’s insane.”
“That’s what they’re calling it that too.”
“What?”
“Insane. Seasonal insanity.”
“It’s Season related?”
“Apparently. The Western Front.”
“The what?”
“The Western Front. That’s what they’re calling themselves. They emailed one of the stations. Claimed credit. For denying them their Earth-given right.”
“Earth-given right? What Earth-given right?”
“To copulate, I guess.”
“With the nuns?” Lara could not believe what she heard.
“That’s what they think they mean.”
“Has this ever . . . ?” Lara fell silent, not knowing exactly what to ask.
“No,” said Helen. “Not as far as I know.” Then added, looking at Lara’s dark television. “It’s probably on all the stations, if you want to see for yourself.”
Lara looked up at her from her many lakes and trees. “No, I’d rather not.”
She discovered the spoon in her hand and looked at it as if wondering what on earth, then remembered the coffee and rose for the kitchen.
“How are you coming along?” asked Helen from the living room.
“Today, probably,” said Lara, measuring water and spoons of ground coffee into the percolator. “Scent’s in bloom.”
“And what are your plans?”
She came to the door. “So far, none.”
“You’d better think of something, honey. It’s getting pretty crazy out there. Apart from the fire, the UII count is well over a thousand now. It’s getting to be unsafe again.”
Lara didn’t respond. Then, “And you?”
“About the same. Scent’s in bloom. Larry’s too.”
“The kids?”
“We’re taking them to the center later today.”
“And then the bunker, huh?”
“Then the bunker,” echoed Helen with a quick smile, not necessarily looking forward to it. “We’re thinking of scent proofing it next year.”
“That’s going to set up back a bundle.”
“Larry says the cost should come down.”
“You’ll be safe enough, though. Right?”
“Sure.”
“I mean, what can happened. Everything’s locked, right?”
“I tend to emanate quite a bit,” answered Helen. “We’ve had the front door rattle more than once. But they haven’t been anxious enough to break in. Not yet. It’s a house and they figure there’s an armed husband around somewhere. But what if the next team is anxious enough?”
Lara though of saying she was sure Helen would be fine, but those would be empty words. She had no way of knowing that, it was only a hope, or something you said without thinking.
Instead she said, “Larry’s a big guy.”
“But no match for an armed team.”
Lara shivered, willing herself not to picture it. “Let’s hope not.”
Helen nodded. “I’m sure we’ll be fine.” More to assuage Lara’s concern than her own. “Gotta get back. Just wanted to check up on you.”
“How about the oHoHocoffee?”
“I’d better get back.”
Helen stood up. Lara followed her to the door. There was an awkward moment when they both realized that this was the last time they would see each other for a while. It could even be forever. Helen moved to give Lara a hug. Lara, not the effusive kind, shied away at first, a foal starting at the gesture, then embrace her boss as well. “You take care, kiddo,” said Helen, Lara’s senior by not that much.
“You too,” said Lara, and finding the embrace strangely comforting, squeezed Helen tightly and for many breaths.


::37::
“You were saying,” said Harry.
Harman-Karman looked away from more pictures of the fire, and back at Harry. “About what?”
“You said you’ve decided.”
“Yes, I’ve decided.”
“Decided what?”
“I’m hunting,” said Harman-Karman, looking back at the screen. Someone being interviewed now.
“Hunting?”
“To be honest, I miss it.”
When Harry didn’t answer, Harman-Karman said, “The more I think about it, the more appealing it becomes.”
“So don’t think about it.”
“You know that’s not an option.”
Again, Harry didn’t answer.
“I’m hunting. I came over to let you know. And to check, of course, if you’d consider it.”
“Whether I’d consider hunting?” Harry looked away from the screen.
“Yes. Team up.”
“No, I wouldn’t.”
“I thought not.”
“I won’t be seeing much of you then,” said Harry.
“I doubt it. I’m heading out to equip right now.”
“Equip?”
“Well, re-equip. Remember?”
Harry remembered. Harman-Karman had lost his gear during the last hunt.”
“I remember.”
“I’ve got to be ready by full bloom, which, by the feel of things, is not far off. Scent’s already in bloom, and I can hear for blocks. Tonight, by the latest, it will be all risen.”
“Interesting choice of words,” said Harry. Then sighed. He cast another glance at the television set where they still discussed The Fire as the lettering across the top of the screen spelled out, then they cut to a commercial and Harry looked back at his friend. “When are you off?”
“Now, actually.”
Harry didn’t say anything for several moments. Wasn’t quite sure what to say. These moments always arrive abruptly. Even though you’ve been expecting them, have known them to be not very far off. “Well, you take care, then,” he finally said. What else was there to say? “I’ll see you when I see you. After, I guess.”
“Will do,” said Harman-Karman. A quick, almost embarrassed smile. “And you too. I’ll see you after.”
Then he stood up and helped himself out. He didn’t look back. Tall, eager. Anticipating the hunt, thought Harry.


::38::
At first Fletcher Jones thought he must have been on a drinking spree and that this was a serious hangover. Then he opened his eyes onto a ceiling he did not recognize, at all. Could not make out where he was. And these odors. Nothing like Sam’s garage. Or any other place else he knew, for that matter. Too clean. And those long islands of fluorescents. Could mean what? Jail? He was in jail? How could he be in jail? Too many fixtures for jail, he finally concluded. Then his knee woke up too: first as distant ache, like a sound almost, far away, then closer, and then fully arrived, strong and insistent. And everything came back to him: he was in the hospital. Sam had brought him. And, ah yes, lots of women around, he remembered. Had taken quite a few guys to tear him off of them, or her. Yes, it all returned: definitely, the hospital.
Then, as he shifted, his left knee screamed another reminder, and Fletcher could not help but moan at first, then swear, loudly.
A nurse showed up. From where was hard to say. “Knee bothering you?”
What a damn question.
“You could say that.” He bent his head around to get a better look at the guy. One of those neutereds. They fascinated him. The impossibility of them. He just couldn’t picture it. As if they were a different race of men, a different species even.
This one was blond. Thinning hair combed back; a shiny face with blue eyes. Not much of a guy. Small ears, he thought. Not to scale somehow.
Then he noticed the straps. “What the hell.” And began pulling, but only until the knee again screamed at him.
“Just making sure,” said the nurse, nodding at the straps. “You went wild last night.”
“Only natural,” said Fletcher.
“Be that as it may,” said the nurse.
“Got anything for the damn knee?”
“I’ll check with the doctor.”
“It’s killing me.”
“I’ll check with the doctor.”
“She kicked me.”
“What?”
“The bitch, she kicked me.”
The nurse turned and left him.


::39::
He is not a nice looking guy. Not by any stretch.
Now, I’ve seen worse, to be sure, but there is something real sinister about this one. He’s hungry; all hunger. I can tell despite the medication. Let loose he’d probably kill me to get to the women again. A beast, this one. A talking beast. His knee doesn’t look too good though; discolored and some pus, I’d say. Hurts him, he says. He’s asking for something for the pain. Were it up to me I wouldn’t give him anything for it. Let the bastard suffer.
But it’s not up to me. I’ll have to tell the doctor. Besides, the doctor will want to speak to him now that he’s awake.
Why don’t we just neuter these people?


::40::
Blackburn Small was yelling into his phone with a voice that carried quite well despite a shut door and thick glass; Alwyn had no problem making out the gist of it. He was letting his secretary—who now, phone to his ear, was looking up at Alwyn with an apologetic smile—know exactly what he thought of her.
And this gist was: “No, I’m not seeing that bitch.”
Then he looked up and through the glass and caught her eye. “Sorry,” she mouthed silently, as clearly as she could. “Really sorry.”
He didn’t smile. Nor soften. Nor would he see her.
Damn it.
Please.
No.
:
Alwyn knew when to cut her losses. She thanked the secretary for his help—he tried anyway—turned, and headed out of LAPD’s downtown HQ; and now, to complicate matters, disturbingly aware of scents. The timing could not have been worse.
She put a call in to Shirley Fields back at the studio, and told her she would be out for an hour or so, had to take care of some things; “And, Shirley, I need a sitter. The sooner the better.”
Her boss understood and would get right on it.
Alwyn then drove through light traffic on to the 110 freeway for Pasadena and her personal physician. She needed her annual delayer, and she needed it as soon as possible, by her rapidly improving scent.
Being a female television reporter during Season arrival was precarious business. Delayers kept her functional despite her own onset—and allowed her to cover the initial two or three days of the Season, the busiest news time of the year—but they did little to suppress her emissions.
Hence, body guards, or sitters, to keep hunters—attracted both by her fame and by her pheromones—at bay. One good, armed, sitter would normally suffice, but it sometimes took two or three, depending on her assignments and on how far her own Season had progressed.
This was one part of her job Alwyn did not like. At all. The coma and amphetamine mixture both dulled and hypered her. It made her feel like she, brilliantly awake at the core, wallowed through not air but liquid; something not quite as thick as water, but more resistant than air. The curious, and altogether unpleasant, mix of wide awake and wide asleep.
And the sitters. One slip up could cost her dearly. And there had been some, even if none had been serious. Not as yet. Well, it stood to reason since neutereds by their very definition are unaggressive, no matter what their size; no matter their training, no matter the pay. A hungry team, bent on pursuing her would in fact, in the end, succeed, and she knew this. All too well. The drill was not to get into those situations. And to bail out of sight after the first few Seasonal days.
Then things took an even worse turn. After blood and urine tests which took longer than she had anticipated—she had to call Shirley Fields twice to let her know that she wasn’t done yet—her physician broke the bad news.
“I’m afraid you can’t do it this year.”
Alwyn made no connection whatever between what was said and what it could possibly mean. It must have showed.
The doctor held up the test results, as if they explained everything, and should make perfect sense to Alwyn.
Alwyn still didn’t get it.
“I cannot prescribe delayers this year,” said the doctor.
Finally: that hit home, registered. Not that this was an option. “You’ve got to be kidding.”
“It’s not funny.”
“That’s my point.”
“I’m not kidding.”
“You’re saying I can’t use delayers this Season?”
“That’s precisely what I’m saying. Yes.”
“Why on earth not?”
“I’ve told you before. The liver cannot take more than four consecutive Seasons. Then it has to rest. This would be your fifth year. I took the tests to verify, just in case.”
“Just in case what?”
“Just in case you could use delayers this year without irreparable damage.”
“And?”
“And, Alwyn, you can’t.” She held up the test results again. “Four years have taken their toll. I cannot with a clear conscience prescribe them again this year.”
“I can go somewhere else.”
“If you want to kill yourself, sure, be my guest.”
That got her attention. “That serious, huh?” she said.
“That serious.”
“So, what’s with it, my liver?”
“It takes more than just an off-Season to clear the liver of the delayer residue, that’s why it builds up.”
“And after four Seasons?”
“After four Seasons there is a dangerous residue level. Adding to it could be fatal.”
“But my job,” said Alwyn.
“I’m aware of that.”
“No way, huh?”
The doctor shook her head. “No.”
Alwyn looked around her, as if there were a very good solution to this problem somewhere on the walls, or in the ceiling. But there wasn’t.
“What do you suggest?” she asked finally.
“You could try some herbal remedies.”
“Do they work?”
Her doctor hovered her hand in a universal so-so gesture. “Not really. My opinion. May help a little.”
“So what then?”
“Let nature run it’s course, Alwyn. Get out of town. Find a seclusion camp. Or go sailing.”
“I don’t like boats.”
“You know what I mean.”
“I can’t leave, especially not now.”
The doctor guessed right: “The Fire? I saw your commentary.”
“If the fire is what it appears to be—and nothing points to anything different—it is the most monstrous thing I’ve ever seen the Season do to people. I want to—no, I need to—follow up on this.”
“You need to stay alive,” suggested the doctor.
“That too.”
“Either seclude yourself at home, or get out of town. That’s my advice. And sooner rather than later. I can tell by your hormone count that you’re not far off. You’ll soon be broadcasting.”
Alwyn smiled at their little inside joke. Then shook her head. “I can’t leave town.”
“Then hide.”
“I can’t do that either.”
The doctor’s turn to shake her head. “I can only advise.”
“And I appreciate that,” said Alwyn.
“Your life is more important than, than any of this.”
“I know,” said Alwyn. She gathered her things and rose. “Thanks doc,” she said, and left her office.
You’ll soon be broadcasting.


::41::
Helen and Larry Suffolk drove their kids to The Little Retreat center in Granada Hills. It was reasonably priced and had treated their kids well over the last three years. No reason to change. It was a mixed camp, of course, but neither Susan nor Brad were in any danger zone, not yet. Granted, with Susan—although ten years old was considered safe—you could not be absolutely, absolutely sure. Helen herself had her first Season at eleven; well, almost twelve.
By same token Susan was almost eleven. Still, there had been no signs whatever, and they settled on The Little Retreat for both of them again.  Next year might be a different story. One year at a time, though.
The early afternoon traffic on the 210 west and then the 118 was very light. What traffic there was seemed to be commercial. Keeping deliveries going, gas stations in business, stores stocked. That sort of thing.
They said good-bye to Susan and Brad a little after three in the afternoon, with the promise to come and get them as soon as this was over. Susan understood, but Brad didn’t, and he was fighting down tears as they left, and pretty much breaking Helen’s heart in the process.
During the drive back to Pasadena—the kids now safely deposited—Helen noticed what she hadn’t on the way there, with the impending goodbyes running interference: the many fires. She counted them. Ten or eleven in the San Fernando Valley alone. One of them was either one large fire or two small adjacent ones; the smoke hid the flames, no way of really telling.
“Did you see,” she asked her husband, without turning to face him, “all these fires?”
He looked over at her from the driver’s side, stirred from his own thoughts. “Fires?”
“At least ten over to the right.”
Larry glanced past her. “There are always fires,” he said.
“This many, this early?” wondered Helen, turning toward her husband.
“Beats me,” said Larry.
“You think Susan’s going to be okay?”
“They wouldn’t have taken her,” he answered.
“I know that.”
“So stop worrying.”
Helen looked back out across the western end of the San Fernando Valley. Counted again. This time she counted eleven, for sure. Driving had changed the angle, she decided. Separated the two fires that had looked like one.


::42::
Shirley Fields was not at all happy, but she agreed. For now. Until.
A day, that’s all I need, please. She would keep it under control. She would. She just needed a good guard.
“I’ve got you one of those,” said her boos. “He’s on his way.”
“Chuck?” said Alwyn. “From last year. That was his name, right? Chuck something. He was good.”
“That was his name,” confirmed Shirley Fields. “But he’s not available.”
Alwyn gave he a concerned glance.
“They’re sending a new guy, Leon. Just-as-good-as-Chuck, according to the agency.”
“Well, they would say that,” said Alwyn.
“Of course.”
“Please,” said Alwyn again. “Twenty-four hours. I’ll keep it in check without the delayer. This is too important.”
“I can reassign.”
“No, Shirley, this is my story.”
Okay. For now. Reluctantly. Twenty-four hours.
Waiting for Leon to arrive from the agency Alwyn grew increasingly aware of the scents around her. Kristus, it was coming on fast. She felt a little light headed, fought it down; focused; de-focused; re-focused.
Focused on: The Western Front.
She put in another call to Blackburn Small, who either truly wasn’t in or who refused to talk to her.
“Please tell me,” she told the secretary. “The truth: is he in or not?”
“Not,” she said.
“Honestly.”
“Honestly.”
“When you see him next, or speak to him, please tell him I am sorry,” Alwyn added. “Really sorry.”
“I will,” he said. “Although he’s not all that fond of you right now.”
“I realize that.” Then she asked, oh by the way, “Any idea where he’s gone?”
Either his secretary had no problems telling her, or Alwyn had wondered off-handedly enough to sneak around Blackburn Small’s injunction against revealing his whereabouts.
“Back to the fire,” he said. “The convent.”
“Thanks,” she said, and hung up.
Leon, more than likely Italian and flirting with three hundred pounds—although most of it muscle by the looks of it—knocked on her door. She signaled for him to come in.
“Miss Moore?”
“Leon?”
“The Agency sent me.”
“Good.” She gathered her things, then tried to find Tim. Nowhere to be seen. He may finally have trotted off home to bed. She decided she didn’t need him, and that he deserved a rest.
“Let’s go,” she told Leon.
In the car she explained: Hang back ten or so feet. Eyes wide open for anything that even looks at me the wrong way.
Then, “You are neutered, right?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Sorry. I had to check.”
“I understand.”
Continued to lay the ground rules: should anything look threatening, any thing, then move up close to me and get between me and whoever. Normally they do not approach me in public (unless they’re really out of it, she thought, then pushed that thought aside). One of the perks of fame, she added. He nodded that he understood her well, and that he would do as asked.
“How long will you need me?” he asked her.
“For the rest of the day,” she said. “And maybe tomorrow morning.”
“No problem.”
The drive down Sunset and up Western took only a few minutes. But Russell was as far as they got. Western was still blocked off from just south of Franklin.
After twice the time it took them to get there she found a parking place, and only because someone was pulling out. In fact she recognized the car: it belonged to the competition.
Finding Blackburn Small proved harder still. Not that she had any clear notion of exactly what to tell him, or what to ask him, when she did find him, but find him she must, that she knew.
The fire refused to die, flaring up here and there despite the massive amounts of water that had been aimed on it. Ambulances shuttled to and fro, Hollywood Presbyterian, St. Mary’s in Pasadena, Glendale Memorial, all shared the grim duty of decoding, identifying, and declaring the dead.
They walked along Western to Neindorff Drive and struck north, careful to keep out of the way. Firefighters and other emergency crews with much purpose did not take too kindly to running into reporters of any kind, even if they were named Alwyn Moore.
Then she spotted him. Like a heron, she thought again, those long legs, and if his arms were feathered: the picture stayed with her even as she set out among the hoses, stretchers and body bags on the lawn between Neindorff and Tyron. Weaving her way through activity, gaining ground on her sighted, she almost thought, prey.
Then the confusion surrounding organized itself into a little wall. Four, perhaps five men, all wearing official emergency fatigues of one sort or another, firemen Alwyn guessed. Or police, perhaps. Only, once the wall had formed there was no further movement and Alwyn knew with sickening certainty that she was in trouble. These men were not friendly, and she could scent their hunger. Leon, too, noticed that something was wrong and stepped up to intervene, but how do you intervene between your charge and a surrounding wall? This proved too much for Leon—not bright in the best of circumstances—and he turned to Alwyn, on the verge of tears, she thought.
“What should I do?” he asked her. “What do you want me to do?”
“You armed?” she asked, loudly enough for either of the men surrounding to hear.
“No,” he said, and again looked like tears were not far off. “They didn’t tell me to.”
That seemed to be the signal, or some confirmation that they had been waiting for. With what must have been rehearsed accuracy—incongruously, the word grace occurred to Alwyn—the wall closed in on her and the voice of the man to her left, as tall as Leon, but much leaner, whispered, “A sound, a false move, and you’re dead Miss Moore.”
To her right someone stuck Leon with something, a needle, a syringe, and within seconds she saw her paid protector slump to the grass, his last semblance of use evaporating with the descent.
The man to her left grabbed her arm and twisted it up behind her back, and she yelped with the pain of it. Tried to keep a clear head despite what she feared was coming. She looked around her for anyone, anything that might help her, but the catastrophe was too self-involved to take much notice of her. Again she spotted Blackburn Small across the the detritus of disorganized emergency. And he, looking around for something or someone, spotted her as well. He gave her a long, wondering sort of look: what the hell was she doing here, and what exactly was going on? Not really caring one way or the other. Then, about to turn back to what he was doing or looking for, he must have sensed something was amiss. He looked again, then said something to the man beside him and set out for her.
“Spotted,” said someone to her right, and suddenly they moved. This was rehearsed, she realized, she was almost carried by the speed. She twisted her head back to see if Blackburn Small was following but by now they had veered south and around foliage and were heading for Neindorff Drive. She could no longer see him.
Their limo, black and with darkly tinted windows, was waiting, engine running. The back door opened as they approached and she was virtually thrown onto the floor of the back. The door slammed shut and the limo shot off.
:
There was no one else in the car, that was her initial impression. Only whoever drove it somewhere out in front. Then, as panic and shock slowly began to ebb, she made out feet; black, sneakered feet, and black, fatigued legs. She sat up, or tried to, as the car turned right and she fell against the far door; she tried again and this time she succeeded. Leaning against the limo’s reverse seats she looked up at a man dressed in all black looking down at her and not smiling.
Then he spoke some of the most welcome words she had ever heard; for she believed them, his voice, calm and even, made her believe them: “We are not going to harm you, Miss Moore.”
She hitched herself up a little further, then pulled herself all the way up and into the seat facing the man. Her mind still revolving off-center, she still could not find words to say or the means to say them. The car took another sharp turn and she almost fell over again. She noticed the man opposite brace himself. Then the limo straightened out again, now on Franklin going west, some portion of her thought—though she could not be sure, the window tint allowed no view—and she managed to sit up again, and finally found her voice.
“Who are you?” was the question she heard herself ask.
“The Western Front,” was the answer.
Which she should have guessed. “Why?” she asked.
“I take it you’re looking for an exclusive, Miss Moore,” said the man, whom she now realized had a trace of an accent. Couldn’t place it, but accent nonetheless. Europe somewhere. “We’ve decided to give you one.”
“Strange way of offering one,” she said.
“We’re not going to come to the studio, if that’s what you mean.”
“I realize that.”
The limo took another sharp right and again the man braced himself, and again Alwyn toppled, but this time into the soft wall to her immediate right and remained upright.
“He’s in a hurry,” the man explained, almost apologetically.
“I can tell.”
Then, belatedly, as if her wits were just now catching up, Alwyn realized that she was sitting opposite the man who more than likely was responsible for more than two hundred deaths. Closer to genocide than murder. How come then he sounded so calm, so, so, logical?
“Who are you,” she asked again, stressing you.
“You’ll understand if I’m a little reluctant to introduce myself,” he answered.
“Do you head up this, this outfit?”
“Perhaps.”
“Well, do you?”
“All in good time.”
“You’ve just murdered an entire convent.”
“That we have.”
“Why? Why on earth? What could possibly?”
“All in good time,” he said again.
“You are their leader then?”
“I didn’t say that.”
“You said ‘perhaps.’”
“I said ‘perhaps.’”
The limo slowed and then turned left and down a ramp of some sort. Underground garage, thought Alwyn. Somewhere in Hollywood, possibly West Hollywood. She tried to visualize what buildings in West Hollywood had underground garages with steep ramps and realized that most had, or at least too many to be of much use as information.
They came to an abrupt stop, and Alwyn fell back against her seat. The man opposite her braced himself again, mumbled something, actually swore something—was her impression—in a language she did not recognize.
Then he said, with that faintly European accent, “Again, you’ll have to forgive me, but we’ll have to blindfold you.” He reached into his pocket and handed her a black hood. “Pull this down over your eyes,” he said. She did. And the world went completely dark. She could make out nothing visually, and so thick, and so tight was the hood that most of what she heard was muffled as well. If not for the perforations for mouth and nose, she would have had trouble breathing.
Out of the car, European hands assisting. Into an elevator, she heard the muffled “ting” as it arrived, and the soft sigh as the doors opened, then closed.
Upwards. She tried to count floors but there was no indication, nothing audible anyway, to give the floors away. The elevator rose fairly slowly which made her think the building was not very tall. Well, that, at least, was something. Not that there were many tall buildings in West Hollywood.
The elevator stopped after five, six, seven, floors perhaps. Doors sighed open onto a thinly carpeted floor. Into a warm place. Two pairs of hands took one arm each and she was led for quite a while—she pictured a carpeted corridor, but of course could not be certain—then through a door (opening too narrow for her minders to walk in abreast with her) into a smaller space, the air said smaller, more compact. Said windowless, and she was right. When someone behind her removed the hood, she found herself in a conference room, internal to the building. Windowless. Only wall.
Three men. Alwyn was no longer certain she would not be harmed.


::43::
Lara closed the door behind Helen, secured it shut with both dead bolt and chain, then turned to face her apartment. She had no idea what to do. None.
As she passed the front closet she could almost hear her back pack moaning in there about glades and lakes and safety, trees and dreams. It wasn’t too late, it complained, not quite yet.
An imprint of Helen still remained in the hallway; Helen was right, she was emanating strongly, and she was not even in full heat yet. Yes, Lara could imagine her in full bloom. They could definitely do with a scent-proof basement.
Lara sat down on her living room sofa, tense now, undecided again, her dream swelling up, not begging but telling her to leave, now, while there was still time. For several long moments she did nothing, so nothing that she could hear her heart racing; sat so still it seemed nothing in the world was moving: just her chest with every breath, and her heart, frantic to leave. She sat as if listening intently for something: for footsteps, for Storm, but she wasn’t listening, she wasn’t thinking, she wasn’t anything.
She caught herself chewing her fingernails and made herself stop. That brought her back. She was hungry, now that was for sure. What else was for sure? She was not yet in full bloom, that was for sure, too, no aches or burning yet, but it wasn’t far off. Then she noticed her hearing for the first time, extending as well. Some birds arguing in a tree outside, something she normally could not pick out with the windows closed. Closer then, than she had thought; by tonight, or sooner.
When at the glade she would sit down by the water, sometimes for hours, hugging her knees, seeing nothing but only listening. In full bloom she could hear for, well it seemed like miles. Susurrant trees in all directions, as if they all knew her and knew she could hear them. What would it be like here in the city? This was something she hadn’t even considered.
Listening to the natural harmony of forest was a pastime, almost a sustenance; here in the city, could she keep from hearing what she didn’t want to hear? She answered herself: Yes, recalling the many nights in her cave, she believed she could. Sinking toward sleep she could close the curtains on her ears and hear nothing but her own breathing and perhaps the odd scurry of very small feet nearby. Now she hoped those curtains were thick enough to shield her in the city as well.
Hungry, yes. That she was.
She had better get a serious move on if there was even a chance she’d be in full bloom by the end of the day. She needed to stock up: food and water, and emergency supplies—well those she already had in her pack, she realized. But there was still much to get and there might not be too much left on the store shelves. She kicked herself for not planning this better, or for not planning this at all. Then she jumped up, brushed her teeth and headed out into the gray 29th of February to find herself a cab.


::44::
It took harry three supermarkets to find one with undepleted shelves. He had left this too late, much too late, he realized. What on Earth had he been thinking? The Seasonal rush was on—had been on for days—and the two stores closer to his house were now all out of most basic food stuffs like bread and cheese, and canned foods, and no one couldn’t tell for sure if they were getting any more that day.
Luckily the Vons at the corner of California and Pasadena seemed to be receiving deliveries as he pulled up: two large semis parked along the side of the store, and lots of activity by them boding well; and to boot he found a parking spot close to the entrance which he—not necessarily logically—also thought boded well for whatever needed well boding.


::45::
Much has been made in some journals of The Fishbowl Effect. This is where a group of men and women in budding or incipient heat seem, as it were, confined to each other in a way fish would be in a bowl: hence fish-bowl. Circling, eyeing, touching, sensing, smelling. The official term—coined by Vanguard-Lessing—is hormonal adhesion: The natural attraction, or affinity if you will, of two (or more) humans in developing heat.
The stress here is on the word developing, since once heat is in bloom it seems this phase, this attraction, evaporates and is rather brutally replaced by the sheer need to copulate—no longer an attraction as such but a blind slamming together. Heat at its peak is not particularly selective, if indeed it is selective at all, whereas pre-heat, for want of a better word, is.
The Fishbowl Effect has been the subject of considerable study.
Melissa Vanguard and Richard Lesser stand as the most prominent researchers in this field, and in some circles this selective vs. non-selective observation is mostly referred to as the Vanguard-Lesser Distinction.
Their reasoning goes something like this:
Off-Season, human affinities are established and maintained primarily on the basis of likeness of interests, of goals and skills. Sometimes of looks. One engineer, let us say, would naturally seek and find affinities among other engineers, especially among those in his or her particular field. Seeing as most interaction off-Season is analytical and/or aesthetic this stands to reason. For surely a composer would not naturally seek the company of a truck driver for there would be little, if anything, in common. Nor would a beautician seek the company or social interchange of, say, a computer programmer.
Vanguard-Lesser refers to this as analytical adhesion or—as Melissa Vanguard let slip in one of her more famous, or infamous, articles, and for which she received an ungodly amount of mail, of both the electronic and paper variety, and not all of it favorable, far from it in fact—untainted affinity. The hue and cry was about her implied judgment and relegation of Seasonal factors as tainted or tainting. The media made much of it, many interviews on television, that sort of thing.
The scientific and religious, if not the popular, voices—unified for a change—agreed with her, however: there is something tainting (in the not so complimentary sense) about the Seasonal effects; but the world at large did not. How can something “natural” be tainted or tainting? was the most voiced objection.
Be that as it may.
Analytical adhesion, then, is the natural affinity between two human beings based on non-Seasonal likenesses. They may develop between two men, or between two women, but, curiously (and statistically), although non-Seasonal, these relationships tend to develop between women and men as opposed to man-man or woman-woman by a (conservative) factor of ten to one; which, as a phenomenon, although statistically unassailable, has as yet to be fully understood.
Does the Season cast a shadow of foreboding on all our activities? Does memory of Seasons past, knowledge of Seasons future, and the analytical possibility of children and rearing them together color the affinity to imply or promise or propose possible marriage, and so on? These are possibilities, but fact remains, no such links have yet been proven—though some say that the statistics are proof enough.
Be that as it may.
The Vanguard-Lessing research isolated the nature and foundation of these relationships as consisting of what they officially termed “the Five Cornerstones” (but sometimes called the “Pentangle of Relationships”):
Communication; Understanding; Exchange (sharing); Appreciation, and Admiration (CUEAA). It is, according to their findings, what we indeed strive for as persons, or as Dr. Vanguard puts it, what we strive for as untainted persons (and for which she received so much criticism, having the nerve to even imply).
Evidence of CUEAA can be found all around.
Sample any conversation or gathering say in August or September of any given year, and this will become plain enough. There is interest, there is eye contact, the is the desire to explain and be understood. Chiefly, the desire to understand. And when there is touching (so Dr. Vanguard points out) the touch is more for emphasis or attention than for the physical affection so observable during hormonal adhesion.
On the cusp of the Season, however— the Storm now incipient, as if whispering the air and clearly breathable by one and all, but as yet unarrived; and primarily heralded (although this varies from individual to individual) by a sharply intensified olfactory sense, and to a lesser degree by heightened hearing—the natural, the analytical adhesion, the untainted affinity as it were, is subtly, almost imperceptibly so, replaced by, or super-imposed upon by (discussions still abound among scholars as to how this change is actually effected) the phenomenon of hormonal adhesion which softly and delicately begin to alter the individual’s values. And by values Vanguard-Lesser specifically mean what the individual appreciates, values, finds interesting and likeable.
Whereas off-Season, for example, two well-read and literary minded individuals, say a woman and a man, will find much joy and value in as simple a thing as a well-turned phrase—a fine poem, or a perfect metaphor can light the flame of much shared admiration and common enjoyment—during pre-Season these two same individuals will subtly begin to see and take notice of the shape of the other’s lips, fineness of teeth. He will begin to notice the color or depth of her eyes, and she will again begin to notice those things we refer to as “manly” during the pre-season: strength, agility, depth of voice timber. Touch gradually dons the role of affection rather than emphasis. It is as if a blindness to physical aesthetics gradually begins to lift (or as if the seeing begins to descend).
Were you to observe our hypothetical couple in more detail you would notice that each will now begin to pay much—what would certainly qualify as undue during off-Season—attention to their own looks, their dress, their odor, their appearance, in a word (in Melissa Vanguard’s word, or words, actually): their physical aesthetics.
A good observation and an in depth discussion of this phenomenon can be found in the collection of essays that Marie Henri Beyle (better known as Stendhal) named Love. In this work (which curiously postulates a year-around state of hormonal adhesion) he captures the essence of this stage in his term crystallization. It is a work with which the serious student or would-be scholar would do well to acquaint himself (or herself, of course).
In this pre-Season state, the affinities that only days before were firmly grounded in what many, especially among the religious scholars, call spiritual interchange, begin to ever so slightly shift toward the physical.
This then, scientifically, is hormonal adhesion.
This, religiously, is approaching storm.
And this, colloquially (ask the man on the street), is rather fun. Many, many (see Stendhal above) have expressed the wish and hope and dream that this stage or state could remain thus, and never (or not so soon, anyway) slip into the screaming rage that is the Storm.
The scientific designation (also adopted by Vanguard-Lesser) of the Storm, in line with Analytical Adhesion and Hormonal Adhesion, is Compulsory Attraction. It is uniformly agreed that there could be a better designation for the phenomenon, but this one has been with us for so  many years now that is liable, and unfortunately, likely to so remain.
Hormonal adhesion normally lasts from two to four days, sometimes for as long as a week, gradually intensifying, especially during the last day. Some have described this final day as a rushing toward a precipice, unable to—nay, more insidious than unable: unwilling to—stop; eager in fact to leap into an abandon that only weeks ago would have been shunned at pretty much all costs.
Abandon is a good word. Much used. Vanguard-Lesser believes it embraces most, if not all, of human activities during the Season itself, during Compulsory Attraction.
Which returns us to The Fishbowl Effect, such as you can observe in, say, a supermarket on the very cusp of a Season, last minute shoppers in pre-heat. The close proximity of such quantities of hormonal adhesion is a curious phenomenon, and one which has been often observed.
Many fishes, dressed and perfumed to please, intensely aware of both their own and others’ bearing and demeanor, circling, circling, accidentally or not so accidentally brushing up against each other, recoiling from the contact as if shocked by some charge, circling again, never straying too far, brushing up again, recoiling again, on constant lookout, always moving as if the cessation of movement—as with the shark—means death.
The air palpable, not unlike water. The Season whispering of days to come.
Not a bad designation: The Fishbowl Effect.


::46::
Harry and Lara entered the same supermarket at pretty much the same time, but through different doors. Lara had asked the driver to wait for her, and yes, she did have the money, Sir, even showed the driver a few $20 dollars bills to prove it. The driver—neutered by his complexion—asked, almost apologetically, for a deposit, can’t be too sure, sorry, Ma’am.
Frowning, but nonetheless understanding, she gave him one of the twenties, grabbed a cart from the stall, and pushed it toward the north entrance.
Harry stepped out of his Honda Prelude and took the south entrance.
Once inside, they headed for different sections.


::47::
Harry should have prepared the list before leaving his house. This grew increasingly clear as he now tried to itemize it in his head, and with all this distraction. Man. All these, well, very good looking women and some not so good looking ones but on the whole rather attractive. Okay, the thing he was most in need of was ammunition, and canned foods, and water, and yes, tea. He set out for the “Kits, Weapons and Ammo” isle (converted from what used to be the spice isle, as the Season approached). Halfway there he realized he should have grabbed a cart outside, was about to turn around to get one when saw an empty cart with his name on it by the mountain of snacks at the end of isle 4A. He grabbed it and set out for the ammo when “Hey, man, what’re you doing? Get your own cart, man,” brought him to a standstill. An unfriendly young man behind him. “Sorry,” Harry said, to no reply. So he headed back outside to find his own cart after all.
More people arriving, all going straight for the carts. He got the next to last one. Well this one did have his name on it, but he realized that he would have to hold on to it.
Back to the ammo. The isle was hastily put together, more like stacks of things than organized shelves. Backpacks of different colors and sizes with (according to their oversized labels): Flashlight, Batteries, Knife, Gun – Matching Ammunition, Blanket, No Doze (No Doze?), Matches, Radio (Harry begun to flash back on Boy Scouting, this wasn’t so much different, although he saw nothing about compass or maps—no, take that back, there was a kit that included compass and maps, where on earth would they hunt?), Water Purifier, Gloves (Gloves?). Harry stopped reading the labels. He was not here for a kit. He pushed the cart down to the ammo piles. What caliber was his gun again? It was a Beretta. 9 mm was it? Sounded right. And, ah, yes, there was the pile and it said Beretta quite clearly.
He reached for a box on the top of the 9 mm pile, and she reached for a box at the top of the 9 mm pile. Then the touch. He pulled back. She pulled back. He smiled, found something rush to his head he hadn’t felt for a while, she—fine, dark features and full lips, full, almost black hair, and oh, such nice breasts—pulled back, smiled too. “Sorry,” he said. “You go ahead.”
“Thank you.” She said. Such nice teeth.
Someone came up behind her. Large, and possessive by the look he gave Harry. “Find them?” he asked the woman.
“Yes,” she said, and gave Harry one more glare before she turned to either husband or boyfriend or, possibly—though Harry didn’t think so—body guard.
He grabbed one box, then a second, then, just to be sure, a third, and put them in the cart. Huge cart, made even bigger by the three lone boxes of 9 mm shells at the bottom of it. What else?
He looked up, as if signs would tell him where to go next. Looked down again, around. How could they all be enticingly dressed? And why do hips suddenly move so seductively? Hair, he was partial to hair, he decided. Thick, long, dark hair. Hair smelled just right. Like the woman he just touched. Like invitations.
Unbidden, Baudelaire sprung to mind.
Harry took a deep Baudelaire-like breath and smelled the sea of hair. This sea of auburn, blond, red, brown, black, even gray hair mixing and fanning some small unseen flame to send hot shivers up his spine, his limbs, through his lungs and to his head. 
Just like, what was that sketch of his?
Then he remembered: A Hemisphere in your Hair. College. He had studied French Literature and Poetry, and especially Baudelaire (before the pragmatic side of him, in his final year, had opted for a different and more business-suited direction), and now realized that he actually remembered the thing: “Let me breathe the fragrance of your hair for long, for ever. Let me plunge my whole face in it, like a parched man at the water of a spring. Let me wave it with my hand like a perfumed handkerchief, shaking memories into the air.”
He had to stop; he could feel his spasms intensify and knew that if he did not focus on the external, if he didn’t leave Baudelaire alone to his long ago vices, he would hasten his erection and that would not do, would it? He had shopping to do.
But, said memory, “If you could know all I can see! All I can feel! All I can hear in your hair! My soul floats on the perfume as the soul of other men might float on music.”
Now, cut that out!
But that woman’s hair. And that woman’s hair. Harry was in trouble. Had to focus. So, okay, he’s got the ammo. What else was there? Water? Yes, there was water, but it was not as important as, not as important as, as, yes, canned food. Foods that keep.
He turned his cart around. Did not look at—yet could not help but notice—several very beautiful heads of hair on his way to the canned food section: and bedlam. Well, comparatively speaking. This was the focus of shopper attention all right. Again, he kicked himself for not doing this before.
The term “flying off the shelves” applied quite literally, and the two stockers that working the isle were actually handing goods, cases of goods, directly to the customers—edging their small cart-ships closer and closer to either of them or one of the two additional store clerks that were helping, jostling for position.
Jostling and edging and looking and brushing up against, and touching with touches that were, or were calculated to look, accidental, scouting faces and breasts and hands and legs like Harry found himself, still, scouting the small ocean of heads of hair.
They were ships: “Your hair contains a complete dream of sails and masts; it contains the high seas whose monsoons waft me on to pleasant climates where space is deeper and more blue, the atmosphere perfumed by fruits, and leaves, and human skin.”
“‘Scuse me!” A bump, not a touch, from behind. She was old, and cranky. And he was in her way, and, apparently, daydreaming. For she actually said, “Wake up!” And he did.
“Sorry.”
“I need to get to them,” she said and pointed to the canned pineapples. “You’re in my way.”
Harry moved to the side, and the old woman squeezed past. Muttering. Not really mad, but in a hurry. Then another touch. Blond. Nice long hair. And yes, breasts. Full. Invitationals. This woman was either in heat or so close to it as if not to matter. Harry’s head reeled. His erection was not far off, not at this rate. He must focus, must must must focus. Canned goods. And Baudelaire was no help:
“Within the ocean of your hair . . .”
The blond woman smiled, and smelled so nicely, so warmly, so like a sea of dark tresses that Harry had trouble maintaining his balance. He grabbed his cart with both hands and held on. Smiled back, but forced himself to look away, as if searching the isle for his particular brand of canned fruit, very important.
“With the ocean of your hair, I glimpse a port aswarm with melancholy songs, with men of vigor from all nations and ships of every sort, subtle, complicated structures silhouetted on a massive sky, the source of everlasting heat.”
The source of everlasting heat? He had got to get Baudelaire out of his head. But this was the way his head worked, once a record started to play, it insisted on playing itself all the way to the end.
Now, you focus, damn it!
The blond, invitingly busty one was smiling in some other direction now. This woman was very close to heat. Dangerously close. He found himself looking around for guards, in case someone.
Someone did. Middle aged, in a track suit with nowhere to hide his erection. He was pulling and pushing his way towards the busty one, but with a woman in tow, same age, screaming now for what must have been his husband to come back, to stop it and come back. The husband, in the clutches of immediate heat neither heard nor stopped. And would have accosted the blond and oh-so-busty one if not for the two guards that he did spot and that did show up very much in the nick of time. One to each of the man’s arms, they virtually lifted him back toward his wife, erection springing out like a vertically mounted tent. Humorous under some circumstances, sad now. Harry looked at the blond woman, who looked inexplicably calm. Almost disappointed.
Next to her, curiously studying the would be accoster, another beautiful blond woman. Short hair this one, and no breasts to speak of. Like a blond willow. Like a blond spring of cool water. Like a willowy wind fanning his heart, his spine, his lungs. Harry could not stop looking at her. All the while Baudelaire rambled on: “In the caresses of your hair I find again the languor of long hours on a divan among potted trees and cooling water jugs in the cabin of a handsome ship, swaying on the imperceptible swells of the harbor.”
Now, he had always had a problem with that word, “imperceptible.” And here, in the canned food isle, under the onslaught of this willowy dream of his—standing not 10 feet away and still studying the spectacle—to steady himself he seized this problem and clung to it as a sailor would to a mast: It was the same in French as in English. Why would im-perceptible, in other words not-perceivable, mean very slight or tiny and not none? He liked words to mean what they said, and none of his teachers would answer him this question though he asked it often enough. Finally he did discover that the English Oxford—much to its credit—agreed with him.
But she was sculpted, this fine blond woman, sculpted, Harry decided, from willow. Very white skin, marble like in places, freckled—at least a little—in others, especially on her arms. Must have been some red in her family, some generations ago, he suspected. Her hair had a shaggy look to it, as if sheared by some sheep herder in a rush, but Harry recognized this as being in fashion, and it suited her to a tee. Sculpted from marble willow, he mused, Baudelaire fashion.
Who chimed in: “On the warm hearth of your hair, I breathe the odor of tobacco mixed with opium and sugar. In the midnight of your hair I see, resplendent, the blue infinity of tropic skies. On the downy shoreline of your hair, I am intoxicated with the mixture of the odors of pine tar and musk and coco oil.”
The young woman—well young and young, what could she be? Twenty-five?—looked in his direction but not at him. Blue eyes, very very blue eyes. Steve McQueen blue eyes. Pale and radiant.
“Let me bite your thick, black tresses forever. When I gnaw your springy and rebellious hair, it seems to me I’m eating memories.”
But there was nothing black about this woman’s hair. Nor springy, nor tresses. Just the fresh—yes, fresh was a good word—shock of blond hair, almost made her look like a boy, but no boy was ever that beautiful. Should he?
Should he what? Approach?
Harry finally took note of the cranky old voice again, the woman tugging at him, asking him for the he wasn’t sure what time (he had heard her voice for a while; no idea it was addressed to him) to “Sir. Please, sir, get out of the way. I need to get to the asparagus.”
“Asparagus?” His eyes finally let go of the blond marble willow dream and turned to the cranky one.
“Yes, right there,” she nodded, “on the other side of you.”
“Sorry,” and he pushed forward to get out of the way. When he looked up again, the willow was gone.
Baudelaire was gone too, done with his recital, though Harry could still smell her hair, the blond willows hair which he had not been close enough to discern, but which he nevertheless could conjure the scent of. Fresh, leafy, clear water, smiling, and yes, it too: inviting.
Where was she? Harry pushed forward to try to catch her; didn’t exactly watch where he was going and managed to ram the cranky one from behind. Not badly but hard enough to evict a yell. She spun around as if actually expecting it to be him. Then said nothing, just glared. “Sorry,” he said again. Pulled the cart back and veered around her, heading for the end of the isle and where he had last seen her. The willow.
Nowhere to be seen. Not at the end of any isle. Not in any isle, as he now more or less raced down them, checking each.
Not by the checkout counters. Plain gone. He made another round of the entire store, certain—on some ludicrous level, he told himself—that she was someone he had to see, speak to, touch. Oh yes, touch.
Still no sign of her. Then he spotted her, or what he thought was a glimpse of her, more like a blur of blond beauty trembling on the air as the cab door slammed shut on her actual person. Yes, it was her. He could see her silhouette against the air of the opposite back seat window. Like a very blond, but shaggier Mia Farrow (the Rosemary’s Baby edition). And, ah, so very, very beautiful.
Smitten, he told himself. You’re smitten. Watch it, man. At this stage you’ll get smitten by anyone that even vaguely matches your fancy. And yes, he shivered at the thought, and laughed aloud to himself—turning a few heads—he had always loved Mia Farrow. And there she was, a young, vital, willowy version, marbly leaning back as if to catch her breath in the back seat of the soon to be gone taxi. Then she turned her head and spotted him. Looked straight at him, still looking as the cab did pull out and away.
Smitten was the word.
Harry looked back and there was the cranky one again (what was with this woman?) still regarding him as if he were some curious phenomenon of nature, relatively harmless, but oh so unpredictable. He smiled at her, and did not say “sorry.”
His cart was still empty but for three lonely boxes of 9 mm ammo. What else, Harry? Pull yourself together man.
Then a Mexican woman with Jeanne Duval’s tresses crossed his path, and with a rush of warmth to his budding erection he forgot all about Mia Farrow. Then he closed his eyes, forcefully and hard. Held them closed, while he counted to himself, as hard and emphatically as he could, silently, he hoped, but actually aloud: “One, Two, Three, Four . . .”
The cranky one was getting her money’s worth today.
Until Jeanne Duval rejoined Baudelaire and left Harry alone to at least attempt to concentrate on the task at hand: shopping. He opened his eyes. The Mexican woman was gone, replaced by five others. Harry shook his head, he had to focus. Had to. Focus, focus, focus.
He veered back to the canned food section and actually, yes, in the end, managed to get some shopping done.


::48::
Lara had made her list in the cab. The four stores in Glendale they had tried—the two that she had suggested, and the two that the driver had—were more or less out of stock, period. No deliveries until later that afternoon, or perhaps not until tomorrow, who could tell? How about Pasadena? Lara wondered aloud. The driver had cast her a glance in the rear view mirror, one of those, sure, you’re paying, glances. Then he said he knew of a Vons near the freeway, at Pasadena and California, try that one, perhaps? Sure.
As they pulled into the store parking lot Lara spotted two delivery truck by the side of the store; lots of people carrying things. Looked promising.
The crowded parking lot didn’t.
The driver found a spot though, and after what she thought of as bribing him to wait for her, pushing one of the few available carts ahead of her, she parted the automatically sliding doors and found herself in a beehive of charged shopping activities.
She could hear the buzzing.
The list. She had it in hear head, firmly affixed now:
Toilet paper.
Bottled water.
Canned food, fruits, and vegetables (for a month?).
Batteries.
Short-grained brown rice.
Tofu.
Fresh fruit, at least a week’s worth.
Olive oil.
Garlic.
Ginger root.
She set out to fill her cart with.
The buzzing unnerved her a little. It struck her as a party, as a mingling, a dance almost. The many looks—furtive, appreciative, assessing—the smiles, the quick little brushes, touches, frowns, the jolts, the I’m sorrys, the Look where you’re goings, like a congregation of very intelligent dogs, examining and evaluating. To be fair, there were untainted specimens (where did she get untainted from?), that lady over there, for example, too old to care, all intent on checking date stamps on loaves of bread, looking for the freshest—or the oldest, perhaps on sale; or even that young woman with the “Fuck You” tee shirt, she was assessing no one, not in heat yet, or even approaching. More curious than anything. But they were the exceptions; the rest, and there were a lot of them, seemed driven not by curiosity or need to find the freshest—or stalest—bread, but by some other hand, large and omnipotent, twirling them round and round like fishes in a bowl.
Always moving, as if like the shark they would die if they stopped; yes, even though some stood still, they seemed like moving, circling.
A young man, he must have been in his late teens, asked her if she needed help. Politely. No undercurrent that she could ascertain. Perhaps he worked there, she couldn’t tell. She said, sure. But as he reached for the twelve-pack of toilet paper she pointed out, he first brushed his left arm against her right, and then as he placed the pack in her cart, touched her shoulder. Accidentally, twice, apparently. Jolts both.
“There you are,” he said. But didn’t move back.
“Thank you so much,” she answered, stressing “so” as hard as she could, hard enough that in the end the boy did pull back, a little disappointed now perhaps, undercurrent finally visible, but he was soon distracted by what must have been some sort of professional, all hair and bust, trailing a part natural, part manufactured veil of musky scent. The young man followed her, as if suddenly leashed, and Lara, amazed, watched him depart. Shook her head, then picked the next item on her list.
Not much bottled water left. A six-pack of one liter bottles was all she could get her hands on. Okay, canned foods. Isle, what? She scanned the signs. Isle four.
The buzzing shifted a little in timbre and pitch to a light hysteria coming from her right. She turned in time to see two security guards at a half trot heading for, yes, they turned up isle four. Some sort of emergency. Curious buzzers trailed the pair. Enough to make Lara decide to skip isle four for now. Next: batteries.
Plenty on the shelves.
Rice next. Plenty there too.
And tofu, never a big seller, also in good supply. Olive oil, no shortage there either. Not much fresh fruit, though. She grabbed two bags of oranges and one bag of apples, noticing too late (thus ignoring) the “limit one bag per customer” notice above the oranges. She’d take her chances with come checkout time. What are they going to do, arrest her?
Done so far, she turned back toward the canned goods, hoping isle four would have settled down by now.
Turning up the isle she found it crowded still. Whether from the recent excitement or from high demand she couldn’t tell. She was not going to battle through this throng of carts to reach far end of the isle which held the canned fruits according to the signs.
She took another, less crowded, isle then approached the canned fruit from the north (is how she pictured it).
Someone was looking at her. Not assessingly, but steadily, curiously. At first she could not spot whose eyes, it was more a feeling than a direct perception, but she had always been able to do that: to sense when she was being studied.
She browsed the jostling crowd again and saw him. Rather tall, with nice brown hair. Regarding her, unsmiling, as if unaware that she was now looking back at him. She could not make out his intention. She shivered slightly. Not that he seemed menacing, or, for that matter, that he was bad looking, rather the opposite, but she did not like being scrutinized. She pulled back and went looking for the garlic and ginger root instead.
Got what must have been the last of both and counting herself lucky she returned to the canned fruits. And her luck held: by the time she got there the buzzer were fewer and that curious man was no longer there.
She had not realized, though—and she caught herself at it—that she indeed would check to see if he were. Oh, well.
The canned fruit supplies were dwindling fast and she helped herself to as much as she could of what was left. Apricots, apples, pineapples (where she bumped in to a cranky old lady who behaved like she owned that shelf), pears, mangos, and, yes, strawberries.
To her right she found some asparagus and tomato, which she added to her now almost full cart, and that was it. For the fruit. She picked up six cans of small, peeled potatoes, and some yams. Okay, now she’s done.
The rest of the isle were meats and hashes and things her vegetarian ways did not allow.
Very Done. The checkout went smoothly—her two bags of oranges didn’t even earn her a second glance. Luck holding.
And, the cab was still waiting for her. No more sign of the brown-haired man. He really had studied her.
Once loaded up and safely ensconced in the back seat she took one last glance at the store, and there, just inside the entrance, there he was again, looking straight at her.
Still looking her way as the driver pulled out and away.


::49::
Someone closed the door closed behind her.
Carpeted silence.
Off and on Alwyn Moore had noticed that even under certain off-Season circumstances her perceptions, and her assessment of those perceptions, sharpened notably. Details—some significant, others not—would easily find her and remain as vivid memory.
One such circumstance was pressure. You’re given an hour to get there, get the scoop—meaning significant detail—put it all together and file a live, broadcastable report. Given that the trip there could be 30 minutes, that gave you 30 minutes on the ground to outperform the competition.
And here she thrived. It was as if the scene stood ready-made for her to take in: summarized: the right things underlined, red arrows pointing to other important aspects, interesting sidelights nicely circled, and within the allotted 30 minutes she would gather the complete picture, either stored on card—for edit and later broadcast—or ready for a live report.
Another such circumstance was fear.
She recognized this as she absorbed the room in almost painful detail: three men. None of which were her abductor. Three men none of whom concealed his face, which struck her—hard—as a malevolent omen: they did not care if she could identify them. Would that mean? And her fear tightened another notch. She had to fight down an acute impulse to vomit.
In two sweeps of the room her eyes registered: four paintings on the walls, each virtually centered on its own wall, except for the entrance wall, where the painting—of Darwin standing on the stubbed bow of HMS Beagle somewhere in the South Pacific by the looks of it, islands in the background, palm trees, endless blue sky; white beard fluttering in the wind and the old man intent on something or other in the room—was centered between the door and the far end of that wall.
The other three paintings were still lifes of various fruits and vegetables. One exclusively of apples, four of them on a table top; one of a mixture of oranges, bananas, grapes, with four bearded wheat heads in a green what looked like (but probably wasn’t meant to look like) plastic bowl; the one behind her of grapes, both green and purple, two oranges and a glass pitcher of water. None very well done, she thought, but for some reason each painting (except the one of Darwin, which clearly was a print) struck her as both original and expensive.
The lower parts of the walls were wainscoted in she would guess oak, and the upper parts paneled in a lighter wood, beach perhaps? Very upper-end law-firm-ish.
A live palm in the corner, she could smell the tree itself and the moist earth in the large terracotta-colored plastic planter, could see the natural color of the leaves. One wall, the one behind the three men, housed a pull down projector screen mounted near the ceiling. She doubted they would be using it for this briefing.
The table, a conference table with room for at least a dozen people was polished to a sheen and contained not a single scratch. Teak most likely. Or rosewood. It was either very new, or its owners, her hosts, were meticulous people when it came to the preservation of furniture. She counted eight comfortable office chairs on large casters which allowed for easy movement over the plush light brown carpet. Ash trays. Sparklingly clean. Not for use apparently, at least not in the presence of these men.
These men. In the unnaturally white light falling on them from four recessed fluorescent fixtures, they looked like Mediterranean statues. Two bearded, one not. All three intent on her, saying nothing.
Maintaining the carpeted silence.
So, she spoke first, doing her best to keep her voice level and unafraid.
“I believe this amounts to kidnapping,” she said.
The three statues remained in character. Hardly shifted a glance. Could she detect pity in two of these eyes? Or was it scorn?
“I have been abducted,” she added. Part question, part statement.
The statue in the middle, a fraction taller than his counterparts, dressed in a gray, double-breasted suite with a bluish shirt and an expensive dark blue tie. All business. Possibly Iranian, or Armenian. Though a little too light of a complexion. Armenian father, she decided, mother from the Midwest, or even Canada—wherever she got that from. This statue stirred to life with what must have meant to be a smile.
“Invited, Miss Moore.” It corrected.
No accent at all. As Los Angeles as anyone, possibly educated in the East. Princeton? Harvard? The assessing part of her that absorbed, filled in details, rounded out figures, gave them background (discovered them, deduced them, or made them up as needed) was not afraid—it never was—it was simply doing its job.
So this was the leader.
The man to the right shifted. Also in a gray suit, but with a white, collar-less shirt. He had a dark beard, or perhaps it was an intense five o’clock shadow. Surely he was Mediterranean. He looked at her with what oddly struck her as compassion. He could sense her fear.
“We will not harm you, Miss Moore,” this man said. Now he did have an accent. European, perhaps Eastern Europe. Russian? Georgia? So this was the leader.
No, she suddenly realized, the man to the left, remaining statue, simply observing. He wore a dark suit, not black, but so navy blue as to amount to black, with a matching turtleneck. Gray hair and a finely trimmed full beard. Class. And quiet. He, she realized, was the leader. And she knew that she would be surprised to hear him speak. He was not there to talk, he was there to listen, observe and silently approve.
“I appreciate that,” she said, with some difficulty for her mouth had gone dry. The leader must have noticed for his hand moved, then pointed at her briefly at which the man to his left placed a quick call on his cellular phone. Within what could not have been more than ten seconds a young lady brought her a carafe of water and a glass on a silver tray. Both the carafe and the glass were of old crystal which glowed faintly. As if some long ago sunlight still resided within. It registered with her as beautiful.
She nodded her thanks in the direction of her benefactor but received no acknowledgement in return. Nothing out of the ordinary: things were done this way, they were not beasts.
“Call me James,” said the man in the middle. Obviously not his real name. “And this is,” he indicated the five o’clock shadow to his left with a very white hand, “Tom.”
“James and Tom,” she repeated.
“Precisely.”
He did not introduce their leader. She had not expected him to.
“The fire,” she said.
“The fire,” said the James.
The Tom moved to place his arms on the table. Darker hands than the James. He leaned forward. A large gold ring on his right ring finger. Possibly a college ring but it seemed too unadorned to be one. Besides, the Tom didn’t look the college type. “We have claimed responsibility,” he said.
“Yes,” said Alwyn. “We received your email.”
“We had nothing against these women,” the Tom said. “Not against these women, or this convent, specifically. There was nothing personal, and we regret the loss of life.”
“Purely business,” she said.
If the Tom was at all taken aback, he didn’t show it, “Precisely.”
“That has got to be the lamest excuse in the book,” Alwyn heard herself almost explode and she wondered first at her nerve—where the hell had it come from?—and then whether the nameless leader had actually, for an instant, smiled to himself.
“It is not an excuse, Miss Moore,” said the Tom. “It’s a statement of fact.”
“Do you have any idea how many women you have just killed?” she asked.
“Two hundred and fourteen,” said the James, not referring to notes. But he made it sound like read from a ledger.
“You do know,” she said—almost gasped.
“This Earth,” said the James, and Alwyn still had the feeling that he was reciting instead of saying, “was formed by the Storm, was peopled by the Storm.” He paused, as if inviting comment.
None came.
“Throughout the history of Man, the hunt has been his single most important pursuit, for without it there would no longer be Man.” Another pause.
Another silence.
“For too long, for far, far too long, has Man allowed this most important of all pursuits to be undermined, thwarted, opposed even, by the ramblings of mystics.”
Again, silence. The Tom, his face without expression, was studying his fingers. The leader had apparently closed his eyes—or was studying his lap through veiled eyes—as if listening to and following with his mind some sacred text.
The James picked up from where he had left off, “Monks have shut themselves off from the world, denying it their seed. Nuns have shut themselves off from the world, denying it their wombs.”
As Alwyn took this in, two things grew clear to her: The James was reciting a text, these were printed words she was listening to, printed and remembered. And, they really believed this. She was hearing dogma.
“The cowardly monk, not daring to face the need of the world, sins against the one true God: Creation. The cowardly nun, not daring to face the need of the world, sins against the only true God: Creation.”
Alwyn drew breath to speak, but the James, noticing, held up a hand. Not now.
“By their long-standing example, by locking themselves away from the world, by denying men their Earth-given right, others now follow, resisting the seed, hiding from it, cowering from it, denying in turn other men their Earth-given right. There is only one God, one true God, and his name is Creation.”
Alwyn drew breath again, no objections this time. “Earth-given right,” she said. Part question. “Are you not confusing creation with procreation?”
“And who opposes the one true God, must face his wrath. We are his weapon.”
“Earth-given right,” said Alwyn again. “To kill nuns?”
“We don’t require—or even expect—you to understand,” said the Tom. “We only require that you listen carefully, and tell others.”
“How is killing nuns an Earth-give right?” she asked again, knowing well that she did understand what they were talking about, but couldn’t resist this misunderstanding.
“That is not what is meant,” said the Tom. “Creation is Man’s Earth-given right. Or, as you put it, procreation. Equally true.”
“Ah,” said Alwyn. “Procreation, the only true God.” And immediately knew that she had either just crossed—or was just abbot to—a boundary she did not want to cross, not if she wanted to see the sky again.
Both the James and the Tom looked up at her, and then immediately to their right to see their leader’s reaction. For a second there was none, then a small, almost imperceptible shake of the head: let it go; and they did.
Letting Alwyn know where not to go.
“You will have questions,” said the James. “We will try to answer them.”
Questions had already begun to accumulate, it was automatic with her, as with any of her colleagues: things that didn’t make sense, or didn’t fall neatly into place. If they bothered her—or interested her—they would also bother—or interest—the intelligent viewer (Shirley Fields’ favorite mantra). And several things bothered—and interested—her, now that she sensed the luxury to let them.
“Why have I never heard of the Western Front?” Which she hadn’t. Nor had anyone else at the station (or any other station for that matter).
“Because it’s not a Western Front,” answered the James.
“But your email,” she said.
“It seemed as good a name as any.”
“But is not your real name?”
“No.”
“Do you have one? Does your group have a name? Is it a group?”
“Arrak,” said the James.
Now, that was a name she knew.
And now she also knew that notwithstanding what had been promised, chances were she would not see the sky again.
“Arrak,” she said. As if making sure.
“Yes.”
“But Arrak is a street gang.”
The James and Tom again looked over to the silent man in black, who still seemed to have his eyes closed, and he nodded faintly. A yes, go on.
“Arrak is more than a street gang, so much more,” said the Tom. Then looking up from his fingers to Alwyn, catching her eyes head on. “Arrak is the force of the Earth.”
“You make it sound like a religion.”
“It is not a religion,” said the Tom. “It is a brotherhood.”
“A brotherhood that has had enough,” added the James.
“I’ve only heard of Arrak as a street gang,” said Alwyn. “The graffiti, the art of Arrak.”
“To date,” said the James, “our only visible arm.” A slight emphasis on visible. “There is much more.”
“Why haven’t we heard of, of this much more?” she asked. “How have you managed to . . .”
“Stay undetected?” The Tom.
“Yes,” said Alwyn.
“The Freemasons stayed undetected for centuries.”
“No they didn’t. They were known from the beginning.”
“Really? So, when did they begin?”
“Early eighteenth century,” said Alwyn, who had done some research on masonry for a program that in the end never aired, something that still irked her a little.
“Case in point,” said the Tom.
“What do you mean?”
“They’ve existed since the twelfth century.”
“They have?”
The Tom didn’t answer.
“And you, Arrak? For as long?”
“No. But long enough.”
“How long?”
“Long enough,” the Tom said again.
“Can I take some notes?” she asked, now realizing she didn’t have her shoulder bag with her. “My bag?”
“It’s in good hands,” said the James.
“We’ll give you a full kit,” said the Tom.
A kit? Like a media kit? Alwyn looked from one to the other not at all sure what to make of them. And something else: none of these men were in heat, or seemed to be. She could trace no scent, none whatever, which, now that she considered it, didn’t add up.
She looked again, from one to the other—and none of these three was neutered, she would stake her life on that—and as softly as possible took a long deep breath through her nose to trace any particle of heat. She could not believe what her nose did not detect: not a single scent, no emanation whatever from either of the three.
They must be medicated, delayers—but even as the thought formed she shook her head inwardly, no. No medication worked this well. You could always detect heat, even in sleepers.
The Tom startled her back into the room by repeating, a little louder, “We’ll give you a full kit.”
And connected. “I’d appreciate that,” she said.
“What other questions do you have?” said the James.
She wanted to ask about their scent, or lack of it, but perceived that this question would possibly cross the unspoken line. And she did want to see the sky again.
So instead she asked, “Earth-given right notwithstanding, how can that possibly justify the death of two hundred fourteen women, by fire?”
“A subtle warning,” said the James.
“Subtle?”
“Yes, I mean subtle. The will of the Earth will not be refused. By no one. The will of the Earth will be done. This is our subtle way of pointing this out.”
“Subtle? Are we using the same dictionary?”
“As in understated?”
“Precisely. What on earth is understated about this fire.”
“Things are always relative,” said the James.
Alwyn tried to picture an even event that would make the fire relatively understated, but stepped away from it. It was not a pleasant notion.
“Are you planning other,” she fished around for the word: “hints?”
The man in all black—or navy blue—smiled again, even raised his eyes and cast her a glance. Was humor involved? she wondered.
“No,” said the James. “Not this Season. This will stand as the warning.”
“Warning of what?” she asked.
“It’ll be in the kit,” said the James.
“Your demands?”
“Not demands. Our rights.”
“Earth-given rights,” clarified Alwyn.
“Earth-given rights,” confirmed the James, in all seriousness.
“You demand the right to exercise them, I take it?”
“We demand nothing. The Earth does.”
Alwyn hesitated. These men were insane, surely. “Arrak,” she said after a while, more to herself. Then looked up at the Tom “Does it mean anything? I mean, what does the name, the word, mean?”
“Seed,” he said. “Or more precisely, Seed of the Earth. It’s in the kit.”
“You planned the fire,” said Alwyn, looking across to the James.
“Yes.”
“Who carried it out?”
“Arrak. Members who are no longer in the country.”
“You are international, then?”
“We are of the Earth.”
“Of course.” She tried her best not to sound sarcastic, perhaps not with too much success, for a frown crossed the leader’s face. Go easy, girl.
Again she questioned what the odds were that they would indeed let her go. They were insane. Clearly. Cleverly disguised in tailored clothes and well-manicured hands (yes, she had noticed that). But no less insane for all that. They had killed over two hundred innocent women and thought absolutely nothing of it. As a message. A hint. And a subtle one at that.
But the professional within formed other questions: How large was Arrak? How old? Were they only Seasonal? What were their actual aims and goals? Would they tell her if she asked? Well, there was only one way to find out.
So she asked: “If you could fashion the world, utterly to your wishes, how would it appear?”
The Tom looked at the James who in turned looked over at the man in black, who finally spoke. A soft voice, not one she would have anticipated. Deeper than expected too, but soft.
“It’s in the kit, Miss Moore, but let me say this.” He shifted slightly. Both the James and the Tom turned to face him and regarded him intently. This, apparently, was not scripted. “The Earth yearns to return to its untainted nature.”
Now that was a mouthful; and was it French? Was there a French accent beneath that velvety voice?
“The Earth yearns to return to the hunt, to the purity of the hunt.” He stressed the word purity. “To return to victory and survival of the strongest seed. To return to an Earth untainted by pharmaceutical mollifiers and herbal adjusters. To return to an Earth free of bunkers and spas and scent proofing panels. The Earth yearns to return to an Earth untainted by those who openly oppose or try to hinder the quenching of His thirst: popular religion for one.”
He fixed her with a hard look, a stare almost. “Man was put on this Earth to create, Miss Moore. To procreate. This right is being diluted at every turn. We mean to restore that right. The Earth is a survival of the fittest. It is raw nature against raw nature.”
He paused and regarded Alwyn for several pregnant heartbeats. Then said:
“We are the Seed of the Earth. We shall return this seed to its rightful owner. To the Earth.”
“Arrak,” said Alwyn.
“Precisely.”
“And how?” she asked, not exactly sure what she meant.
“We have shown how,” he answered. “We will punish those who taint or whose aim it is to mask, suppress, or prevent the seed.”
“Nuns?”
“I believe you called it a hint.”
Alwyn shook her head. “I’m still not convinced that subtle is the right word.”
His answer chilled her. “Believe me, Miss Moore, that was subtle.”
“You mean?”
“I mean, we will do what is necessary to return the seed to the Earth.”
The James and the Tom silently acquiesced, nodding their heads slowly, as if in contemplation.
“How?” is what she managed.
“This, Miss Moore, is where you come in. We have begun.” Then he retrieved and opened a thin briefcase; produced a thick folder. An inch perhaps. “Here, Miss Moore, is the kit.”
The Tom stood up, took it and walked it round the table to her.
“The instructions as quite precise. It spells out what we want the broadcast to say, how often, what stations. You will tell the world about Arrak, Miss Moore. It is not exactly how we had planned it, but you stepped right into our path, so to speak, and we’re both the richer for it.”
“How on earth am I richer for it?”
“You’ll be the most famous reporter in the world.”
“You want me to be your spokesman?” Incredulous.
And that, she realized, was precisely how far she should go in that direction, another step and she would not see daylight again.
The man in black considered her for another long silent moment; here, something hung in the balance. Then, coming down on the side of keeping her alive, he said, “Not spokesman, per se, a conduit. This, after all, is news. Isn’t it?”
“Yes,” she managed. “This is news.”
“Well, then. We are agreed.”
“Certainly.”
The man looked at the James and the Tom as if asking: anything to add? Neither did.
“Can I ask one more question?” she asked.
Their leader did not immediately answer. Then, “That depends which question.”
“Why are you men not in heat? Why do you not emanate?”
“No,” he said. “You may not.” Then added, “James here will see you out.” And that was the last thing he said.
The James produced the hood and asked her to don it. She did.


::50::
Harman-Karman’s pride was his car.
It was a 1975 Jenson Interceptor III. He had flown to England to inspect the car in person before he bought it and had it shipped to the United States. He had since had it restored to mint condition by Juanito Alvarez, his crazy El Salvadorian mechanic friend (who shared his passion for English sports cars). All original parts, save for those few Juanito could not track down, even with the help of the Internet, which he instead manufactured himself, from scratch. The car was silver-gray and hugged the road like a large cat crouching. “She’s like driving on rails,” was one of Harman-Karman’s favorite—and wildly overused, according to Harry—expressions. But it was true, the car would not even tilt through curves, so stiff was the suspension. It made for a shaky (literally) ride even on the smoothest of freeways, but you soon got used to it, and it was worth it.
It was in this head-turner of a car that Harman-Karman pulled up to “Red Sun Market” in Alhambra.
Owned and operated by Ch’ien Yung Lee, a childhood friend of Harman-Karman’s, this market served two distinct purposes: a fair priced and well supplied food market for the local neighborhood, and an exclusive, though overpriced (well, for most anyway), outfitter for the hunt. There was, as Ch’ien Yung would gladly remind you, nothing he could not obtain, for an appropriate fee.
As soon as Harman-Karman had parked, two teenage boys, whom he recognized as relatives of Ch’ien Yung’s, exited the store to keep an eye on the car. Obviously sent by his friend. They both nodded in Harman-Karman’s direction, discreetly, but no more than that, they were too cool to be seen as friendly. Harman-Karman nodded back as unobtrusively, and entered the Market. He passed the isles of produce and canned foods and grains, and came to an ominous door at the back of the store, attended by another non-smiling relative of Ch’ien Yung’s who looked at Harman-Karman with a mix of suspicion and expectation. Ready for anything.
“Lotus,” said Harman-Karman.
The non-smiling relative performed another discreet nod—to perfection, they must practice these, Harman-Karman thought—and disappeared inside. A moment later the door opened again and Harman-Karman was ushered inside. He recognized the well-lit interior of the store which served as Ch’ien Yung’s office.
Ch’ien Yung rose and greeted him with open arms. He was almost as tall as Harman-Karman and fitter still: a man who’d made fitness a religion. Even hugging him, Harman-Karman could feel the muscles ripple in his friend’s arms. A tall Bruce Lee came to mind.
Stepping back, but still clutching Harman-Karman’s upper arms in a friendly inspection: “Harman-Karman, my friend. What brings you here, to my humble establishment?”
“I’ve decided to hunt this year, Ch’ien Yung,” said Harman-Karman.
“You have come to the right place. As always.”
“As always.”
“What can I get you? Tea? Food?”
“Tea would be fine.”
A bead-curtain rustled as someone Harman-Karman had not even noticed left the room, most likely to get the tea.
“Sit, my friend,” said Ch’ien Yung, and indicated one of two deep armchairs by the farther side of the room, a small coffee table at the side of each.
Harman-Karman did, as did his friend. Harman-Karman could not help but admire the courtesy his friend paid him by this unhurried, personal attention. When it came to hunting kits and supplies, this was the height of selling season, still Ch’ien Yung acted as if Harman-Karman was the only customer he’d had all week, and was likely to have for the next. All the time in the world.
“So,” Ch’ien Yung asked, “Solo or team.”
“Solo.”
His friend tested the air with his nose, nostrils quivering a little, as if sifting for scent. “And not a moment too soon,” he said with a smile.
“Yes, I know. I left it late. I had a pact, but it fell through.”
“Women,” said Ch’ien Yung, with a sigh.
“Yeah.”
“Where?” wondered Ch’ien Yung, all business now.
“Pasadena, perhaps Hollywood.”
“Downtown?”
“No, don’t think I’m up to it.”
“It’s exciting,” said Ch’ien Yung.
“True, that. Though dangerous. No, Ch’ien Yung. I want to make sure I survive the hunt just fine.”
“All right.”
The bead-curtain rustled again, and gave way to tea. Harman-Karman was surprised to see that it was carried by a young woman, dressed as a man; in the very early stages of heat, by her scent.
“My sister,” said Ch’ien Yung, and smiled at her—pride in that smile. “She came over from Taiwan a little over two months ago.”
“I didn’t know you had a sister?”
“Same father, different mother,” he explained.
Harman-Karman smiled at her. “Nice to meet you.”
She looked at him, and smiled back, but said nothing.
“Not a word of English,” explained Ch’ien Yung. A statement which might or might not contain a single grain of truth.
Harman-Karman kept smiling at her, perhaps a little too long. “She is my sister,” said Ch’ien Yung, pointedly, and Harman-Karman quickly returned to all of his senses.
“Of course,” he said. “She is very beautiful.”
“Yes, she is.”
Ch’ien Yung poured tea for both of them, while his sister more or less evaporated as far as Harman-Karman could make out, still leaving her shadow of scent on the air.
It took an effort to ignore it.
“I brought a list,” said Harman-Karman and handed it to him.
Ch’ien Yung glanced at the list. It was not short. “All of this?” he asked.
“Afraid so,” said Harman-Karman. “I had to abandon my pack in 2006. Chased by a team. Ditched everything and ran.”
“Yes, I remember. You told me.”
“Right.”
“Too bad,” said Ch’ien Yung. “It was a good pack.” He should know, he had supplied it.
“It was a very good pack.”
Ch’ien Yung returned to the list, inspecting each item, and as he did he mumbled, fairly loudly, things in Chinese which, as Harman-Karman would soon realize, someone was taking close note of, for within five minutes, if that, a young man parted the beaded curtain, carrying a dark brown back pack, customized to the tools and equipment it carried.
“Ah,” said Ch’ien Yung. “Here we are.”
Harman-Karman looked over at his friend in amazement, as always impressed by the sheer efficiency of the man. Ch’ien Yung received the pack from his employee or assistant or partner (or brother)—there was no way of telling which—and opened it. He glanced briefly at its content, a quick inspection, then nodded briefly at the man, who bowed and then withdrew.
“Okay,” said Ch’ien Yung, and began handing Harman-Karman the kit item by item—for his inspection and acceptance.
“Two Baraks.”
Harman-Karman took the two rather heavy Israeli made handguns from his friend.
“These are IMI SP-21s, the original 9mm version. Holds 15 rounds,” said Ch’ien Yung.
“Perfect,” said Harman-Karman. “I swear, someone made these for me,” as he weighed each in his right hand, feeling the grip, cradling it, and the fit was so perfect that the gun might indeed have been made specifically for that very hand.
“Don’t leave these behind,” said Ch’ien Yung. They’re too expensive to lose.”
“I promise,” said Harman-Karman.
“You know what ‘Barak’ means, right?” asked Ch’ien Yung with a smile.
“No,” said Harman-Karman. “But I have the feeling I’m about to find out.”
“Lightning,” said his friend.
“Lightning?”
“As in thunder and.”
“Good name.”
“And, ah, yes, here are the silencers to go with them. Just in case.”
Harman-Karman fit one of them to its muzzle. Snug and perfect. “It still balances well,” he said. “Brilliant,” and he meant it.
“If anyone deserve these, you do,” said his friend, referring, Harman-Karman knew, to his marksmanship. They had competed often in the past, placed pretty hefty bets actually, and Harman-Karman had always—except once, he had been sick at the time, though he never stooped to using that as an excuse—come out the richer for it. He was an excellent shot. And knew it. And Ch’ien Yung knew it. He had stopped betting him.
Next Ch’ien Yung brought out three knives. Each with a scalloped handle of about the same size, though they differed in length of blade. Each had one sharp, curved edge and one sharp serrated mate. Shortest for close fighting, medium length for defense against a single attacker—it was also well balanced for throwing. The longest blade was for use in defense against more than one attacker, once—or if—ammunition for the Baraks ran out.
Harman-Karman hoped he wouldn’t have to use any of the knives, especially not the long blade. It would probably be the last thing he’d do.
He weighed the medium blade and balanced it. “Beautiful,” he said.
“Give it to me,” said Ch’ien Yung, and held out his hand. Harman-Karman did. Next Ch’ien Yung’s arm blurred briefly, and next came the thud of the knife hitting a small wooden square (with many marks from other similar demonstrations, as Harman-Karman now noticed) where it vibrated for several long seconds before settling down in what struck Harman-Karman as an exclamation point.
“Well thrown.”
“Good knife,” said his friend.
His employee or assistant or partner (or brother) materialized by the knife, and brought it back, handing it to Harman-Karman.
Next Ch’ien Yung fished out a thin thermal blanket. “Best on the market,” he said. “It’ll keep you warm no matter what or where.”
“Excellent.”
Then came the medical supplies, for treatment of wounds: bandages, compresses, morphine and other painkillers, two tourniquets (“Should worse comes to worst,” said Ch’ien Yung), and sterilizing liquid.
Rope, various lengths. Some for strangling, some for tying, and one for escaping. Along with three pitons and three carabiners. “You sure you need this mountaineering gear?” asked Ch’ien Yung.
“Ever since it saved me in 2002,” said Harman-Karman. “I will not leave home without it.”
“I remember,” said his friend; then brought out the telescoping blowgun, one of Harman-Karman’s favorite weapons. To subdue the not so willing, is how the hunter looked at it. “This extends to three feet,” said Ch’ien Yung and showed him. “Accurate up to twenty or so feet, depending on your lung power.”
“And the darts?”
Ch’ien Yung brought out a small case of twelve darts, each in it’s own plastic capsule. “These will put anyone out within five seconds, for about ten minutes.”
“Perfect.” The thought of it: his best weapon against not so cooperative women, added volume to his still rising erection. Not many hunters used blowguns for reasons Harman-Karman could not imagine, it was the perfect weapon.
Two flashlights, one large and one small; water purifying pills; high protein bars; compact night-goggles, invaluable for seeing in the dark, prey and enemies alike; matches; artificial kindling, guaranteed to burn strongly for as long as it took to set whatever else on fire; and a week’s supply of the best—not at all legal—delayers available, should the pressure get too great—which it easily could, especially if the hunt went well, too well. “Would I ever have the presence of mind to take it?” asked Harman-Karman the last time Ch’ien Yung supplied him. His friend was the expert, and would know.
“Yes,” he had answered. “You will sense, deep down, that you either cool down or explode, it becomes life or death, and yes, you will have the presence of mind to take them.”
And lastly, the vest. Light but proof against most caliber guns and light knives. Harman-Karman had requested one with long sleeves. He had scars from the 2006 Season to prove that a short-sleeved vest was not in his best interest.
Ch’ien Yung held it up for him to take and try on. Harman-Karman did. It was a very nice fit.
“This will be cooler than the last you wore,” said Ch’ien Yung.
“Perfect.” Harman-Karman waved his arms around, and found the vest to be curiously generous with his movements. “Perfect,” he said again.
And then the invoice.
“Whoa,” said Harman-Karman, not expecting a five digit amount.
“And that is at cost,” said Ch’ien Yung. “Virtually.”
Knowing that his friend was telling the truth. Harman-Karman paid what he was asked, no problem.
He rose and donned the backpack; it fit snugly and comfortably. Ch’ien Yung must have had his measurements on file. Again, the efficiency of the man. “Feels just right,” he told his friend.
Ch’ien Yung also rose. “Have a fruitful hunt,” he said, and offered his hand, indicating the meeting was over.
“And you the same,” said Harman-Karman.
“I wish,” said Ch’ien Yung.
“No hunt?”
“A pro, at best. After some delayers. Business is good, I have to attend to that, first and foremost.”
Harman-Karman nodded, he understood.
“A fruitful hunt,” his friend said again. “And, don’t tip the kids.”
Harman-Karman was about to ask what he meant when one of Ch’ien Yung’s assistants came in and said something to his friend in soft Chinese. Ch’ien Yung listened, nodded, and then looked back up at Harman-Karman and smiled. Another assistant appeared to lead him back out to his car. Harman-Karman smiled back at his friend, gave a brief wave, then followed the assistant out of the store.
The kids were still protecting the Jensen, making sure no one got too close.
Ah, and he were not to tip them, got it.
Instead he thanked them, with a grin, which they did not return. Only that almost imperceptible nod; and if either had expected a tip, there was no way of telling.
He drove off, the hunting kit beside him on the passenger seat.


::51::
Helen and Larry Suffolk were locking up.
The house always seemed empty after dropping the kids off. Every year, the same desolation. That one day or two between turning childless and entering full heat were the worst of the year, especially for Helen. Larry seemed to take it in better stride, possibly because he, as a rule, was a little farther gone than her by that time, not quite as impressionable. Still, it was with mixed emotions they both put the final touches to their seclusion.
They would spend most of the Season in the basement—the most secure place in the house—which they had already (four years ago now) sound proofed.
Three years ago they had replaced the basement door to the den (den by off-Season, bunker by Season) with a steel-reinforced, pretty impossible to bust through “bunker-door” (is how the commercials put it), and this year (after several—half-hearted, but still—attempts had been made to enter their house the previous Season) they had done the same with the upstairs door leading down to the basement. As safe as it’s likely to get, said Larry once he had managed—after much of an afternoon—to hang it properly. The steel-reinforced frame made is “safe as a safe” (another of the commercial slogans).
They got new batteries for the outside microphones—to make sure they would work all month—then mounted them, allowing them, as usual, to monitor activity just outside the house. They used to have close circuit cameras as well, but those were easily spotted and stolen, and they got tired of replacing them. Besides, this was a warning system, not meant for entertainment, and the microphones did the job as well as any camera. Plus, they were small and hid well in the ivy and under the eaves. Once placed, they were more or less impossible to spot.
But effective. You could clearly hear not only intrusion attempts, but also talk among the intruders, as well as traffic going by outside, and birds and wind.
Once done with the mikes they faced the necessary evil four hour project of mounting all the inside window bars. A must, if you wanted to keep them out. Years past there would be a broken window or two, to test the bars, but seems like word of their efficiency had spread, and when an intruder now saw a house with window bars, he would no longer bother, focusing instead on the door, which as a rule was easier to get past than the bars.
Helen’s and Larry’s front door, for many years now, was of the bunker variety.
That evening they emptied the upstairs fridge and brought its content, along with the cases and cases of canned food and bottled water they had bought, down to the den (which Larry by now had begun calling their little “love nest,” a sure sign he was getting close).
A final round, checking all the widows again, testing the bars, testing the mike (Larry walking around talking loudly to himself, Helen monitoring him from the den: all okay). Then they locked first the front door, then the door leading to the basement, from the basement side, then the door to the den from the inside.
Their Season, for all intents and purposes had begun.
Television, cards, reading, talking, wondering how the kids were, placing that last phone call to the center, that sort of thing is how they braced for the approaching Storm; Larry all the while pinching Helen here and there in the process, and anticipation.
Before finally entering the blood-colored tunnel of heat, where nothing else really mattered, they went through their last ritual: hiding the keys.
Like a safety deposit box, the den door was locked with two different keys, and you needed them both to get out. To ensure that neither Larry or Helen, in the throes of mid-heat, decided to head out and test other waters—it certainly was not an unheard of phenomenon, many couples had some patching up to do after the Season—they each hid one of the keys somewhere in the den (which was rather large and had ample places to hide a key) from the other. A proven way of keeping the physical integrity of the marriage intact.
That done, they waited some more. Watched some more television, played some more cards, Larry sensing the approaching Storm throughout. He usually got it pretty bad, and once if full bloom could spend hours at a time in sheer, wrenching copulation. Not that Helen objected too much, they were well matched in that department. She used to joke, though it really wasn’t a joke at all, that the Season and it’s sexual acrobatics was the best exercise cum weight loss system she knew. Sometimes (though deep down she didn’t mean it) she said she wished it could last all year.
Then all Larry could smell and sense and want was Helen, and the Season was truly upon them.


::52::
Lara tipped her driver well. So well in fact that he offered to help her up with the groceries and supplies. And with so many bags, an offer she gladly accepted.
And now they stood, like a white little army with various and strange hairstyles, on her kitchen counter and on her kitchen floor. This was it then. She heard the cab driver climb back into his car, and speed away from the curb. She heard a water pipe cough, or stutter is how she thought of it, in the apartment below. Always did that when they—so they were still in town then?—took a shower.
So this was it. She left the bags for the moment and sat down on her living room sofa. Closed her eyes and breathed deeply. Everything, the entire apartment and much of the outside, entered. A thousand scents, and only a few of them trees. That is what struck her the hardest: only a few of them trees. Several males, some near or in heat, announcing themselves, and she wondered whether they could scent her as well as she could them. Oh, who was she kidding, probably better, she realized.
And she listened. To the wind in the branches of the lone elm—apparently not unhappy to be so far away from his eastern family—almost as tall as the palms farther down the street. And as tall as the towering eucalyptus a little up-street; also away from home.
She listened to the susurrant mumble of the buckbrush and blueblossom bushes below her window. And took in their scent, partly desert partly ocean. When she settled for this apartment a few years ago, it had been almost as much for these blooming bushes as for the apartment itself, or let’s put it this way, the bushes tipped the scales. Now they almost spoke to her. Wondering why she was still around, and not at the glade.
Which was an excellent question. And not so easily answered, not now, sitting on the brink of the Storm with no clear direction.
Again, what now?
Well, first of all, lock the door, twice; then dead bolt, chain. Make sure the windows are all locked. Not as important. She lived on the second floor with no practical access to her windows, no drainpipes or fire escapes to climb. But the door. She wish she had more locks, and more chains. She wished she had one of those New York-loft doors (which always struck her as being fortress-like), looked more like a punk-rocker with all their pins and chains than a door. Would it really help though, a thousand chains, if someone really wanted? No, don’t go there.
Okay, door locked. What now?
You wait. Well, you put away your groceries, then you wait. Just sit here and wait? That’s it? You read, you watch your television, you smell the bushes outside, you listen to the wind, you listen to the trees, and you brace yourself, and you wait.
She put her groceries away, then began to do just that: wait.


::53::
Harry’s Honda Prelude was packed to the more or less brim, or spilling over, depending on how you look at it. The trunk was full, the backseat (not really much room there—some auto reviews termed the Prelude backseats as purely cosmetic) overflowing, the passenger seat and floor, packed. Well, there should be enough here for, what, two, perhaps three weeks. Unless he got anxious and into eating too much—not an unknown occurrence with him.
Now for the unloading.
Which took, it seemed to him, the better part of the afternoon. Actually: thirty-two minutes.
It was during the final back and forth: car to kitchen, that he grew aware of the swelling. The jerky little spasms had ceased and moved on to rising, to warming of the lower pit of his stomach, to the almost gushing comfort that came with it, and to more rising. He would be in full heat by tonight, if not sooner.
He drove the car into his garage, and covered it. Wouldn’t be doing much driving now, would he? Would he? He actually wasn’t sure. He closed the garage door, then the gates to his back yard. Looked down the street toward Harman-Karman’s house, but saw no sign of life there.
The rest of the world was brimmingly alive though. A feast, a universe of scents, and on the air: several girls or women in heat, and not far, and no, no, no he wasn’t even going to wonder where from. He was going to simply walk inside, close the door, lock it well. Check the windows, and put away everything he had just unloaded. He was going to put everything away he had just unloaded and then make himself a nice dinner. Make himself a nice, nice dinner. Concentrate on making himself a nice dinner, and then eat that nice dinner, and see how strong the rising might be after that.
And that’s what he did. Put each thing away where it belonged, filled the fridge, the freezer, the pantry; the remaining canned food went into the garage.
He locked all the doors, then did that round again, to make sure. All locked. Yes.
He returned to the kitchen. Looked around. Everything stowed away. Hatched battened down. Ready for sea. Check.
Then he set out to prepare dinner.
But it was more like watching someone else prepare dinner; like watching someone atop a volcano about to blow prepare dinner. Watching—curious and apprehensive, with just a sprinkling of anticipation—while sensing the gathering of strength, gathering of ocean, gathering of lava, gathering of heat: man, how appropriate can a simile get, the rising of magma, slowly, inexorably, rising, rising.
Harry’s Pine felt not a little sorry for him.


::54::
Harman-karman brought the book out of its drawer and put pen to paper:

H-K Journal—2/29/2008
This is going to be harder than I though. I can tell.
Much.
But I will.
Write.
I will write.
I will enter something every day. Make an entry every day. No matter how much, or how little, or how badly I get it. I will make an entry, at least one word, every day.
Every day.
Ch’ien Yung helpful as usual. But very expensive. I had not planned to pay this much—not even sure what I had planned for, or budgeted in my head, but not this much. This was a lot. Then again, what do you do once he’s put it all together for you, and he’s been a good friend? You pay, is what you do, and you grin and your bear and you enjoy. Maybe kits have actually gotten this expensive in the last couple of years. Possibly. And, of course, as always, Ch’ien Yung’s wares are the best.
I am virtually there, if not there already—no, I am there. I find it hard to see each word distinctly as I write it. It’s like writing through a fog. Each word tend to float a little, shimmer a little, but when I sharpen my focus and ignore the warm rustling, rumbling, grumbling, thunder, below—which is, Kristus it is, it is so sweet—and I fix upon the letter, upon, upon, u-p-o-n each letter, then I make them out clearly again. It’s like willing yourself to a surface, when that surface is not really where you want to be through a fog or a sea which offers resistance; I have to push my pen against it to form these letters, these letters, these l-e-t-t-e-r-s.
That is the odd thing, this warm rustling, rumbling, grumbling, thunder, when it fills you, even though you know, you know—really, you do know—that it is not necessarily the most wholesome feeling in the world, you could even know that indeed it was noxious, still you want to drown, you actually want to drown. I don’t know how better to put it. Part of the feeling—it’s almost like an hypnosis—is that you want the feeling to remain, you want it to seize you and fill you, and rise above you and submerge you and you simply don’t want to will yourself to the surface; but is it really you not wanting it, or is it the feeling not wanting to abandon or deny itself? Have you become the feeling, has it take over? Has it taken so over that you now are the feeling, and nothing but the feeling and so help you God?
Is the not wanting to leave it your own wanting, or is it the feeling’s wanting masquerading as your wanting? I guess that’s the question. Is there free will involved, or is the will you still think free no longer so, while giving that appearance? Could the Storm be that insidious? Oh, I would not put it past it.
Be that as it may. I am soon there, or I am there.
(I notice that I gain some distance to it as I examine it—I notice that I gain some distance to it; that is an important distinction: I — it.)
I will head out tonight. I will hunt again. The thought itself rustles the heat and I can feel the long red tunnel approach, the space—or lack of space—where such things as surface and willing yourself there cease to have meaning, it’s just tunnel and you follow it at speed, planting your seed wherever you can, doing your bit for the human race, not that this thought even enters as much as the periphery of things; but I can note the thought now, because I just had it, before I enter, before I vanish, before I drown completely.
But how am I to keep up the Journal throughout? It’s so easy to make a decision like that, unrustled—what could be easier?, but now I can see the mountain this is going to entail. I may just be dreaming.
Should make for interesting off-Season reading. So I will. Try.
I must.
I will.
I said goodbye to Harry this morning. Not sure how he’s going to make it. He didn’t seem prepared, to say the least. Also seemed a little dismayed at my decision to go hunting again this year. Well, be that as it may.
Several women on this block are already in full heat. Four houses down on the other side of the street, and three houses up, also on the other side of the street. Both married, I believe. The rustle doesn’t care, though—married or not, available or not, willing or not—it never did. Sitting here, writing this down, this all of a sudden strikes me as frightening, this non-distinction. And I feel like a diver, crouched and at the ready, on the very edge, like one of those cliff divers down in Acapulco, ready for the gigantic leap out into the net-less nothing, now midair, all that gravity rushing you down for the Storm to devour.
It’s like an anesthetic. An anesthetic of sorts. I’ve been put under a few times. You know that when they flick that little gauge or valve or whatever they call it on your IV hose or cannula, you have about two or three seconds before you are g-o-n-e, gone. And while you’re gone, you are gone. And then you wake up, groggy, wondering (and not really knowing) what actually took place.
Well, the same with the Storm: once it enters, once it takes over, you are—at least rationally, analytically—gone, and I mean g-o-n-e, gone; once you enter the tunnel, and while you do remember, at least bits and pieces of it, once you wake up, it’s still as if you woke up from an operation, groggy, quite lost, wondering what on earth.
I can sense a third woman on the block. Six or seven houses up, my side of the street, a few houses above Harry’s. Married as well, I believe. Time to focus, to prepare, to head out.
I notice again—and this is curious—that as I write, as I let the letters flow, as I manage to focus on each word and the meanings they carry, that I do gain some distance to the rustle, rumble, grumble, thunder, below. I gain some altitude; yes, that’s a good word: altitude, that’s what I gain.
I wonder if that’ll happen tomorrow? I wonder if I will write at all tomorrow? I wonder If I can write tomorrow. Will I be me tomorrow?
Yes, I will, and I will write. I will, I will.
I will.


::55::
They dropped Alwyn Moore off at Hollywood and Taft. By the Seven Eleven parking lot. The last thing they did before letting her out was remove the hood. Then he—it was the same man who had collected her, she was pretty sure of it, although nobody had said a word to her this time—placed a sizeable plastic envelope in her hand and more or less pushed her out the door. She almost stumbled at the curb, but made it onto the sidewalk upright.
Night had arrived. Headlights heading south on the Hollywood Freeway, and tail lights chasing north.
The man pulled the door shut behind here and black limo spurted away, too fast for her to catch a license plate—which was not lit, if indeed there was one. And even had she caught it, would it be authentic? Oh, she very much doubted that. The limo turned right onto the North freeway exit and was gone—soon just another pair of anonymous tail lights.
She clutched the plastic envelope to her chest. It reminded her of those bulky things you get from your bank to hold all of your loan docs. Lots of paper inside. Just like this one, lots of paper inside.
Then she started laughing. At nothing. No, not nothing: she was alive. She stood in open air, under open sky, and then realized how it could very easily have turned out differently. She had passed some sort of test, a test she could as easily have failed, and failure, she realized, would have meant no more open air. Either as death or confinement.
She was alive and free, and for the last few hours she had, she realized, no longer dared to take those things for granted.
Still clutching the envelope she walked west on Hollywood Boulevard to Bronson, took it south to Sunset, and there, all lit up as well—that building always seemed to celebrate Kristmas—was the KTLA building. She entered. A casual hello to Raphael, the night receptionist, who looked at her with a mixture of surprise and relief, then smiled, and reached for the phone.
Alwyn took the stairs to her floor. Two at a time.
Pretty much ran down the hallway for her office, hoping to make it past Shirley Field unnoticed. No such luck. First James Bittle, who was in Shirley’s office, and then Shirley herself, spotted her through the glass wall.
“Alwyn!”
She could hear her boss quite clearly even through the thick glass and the closed door. James was saying something too, but whether to her, or to Shirley, or to the third person—it was Blackburn Small of all people—she couldn’t tell.
Always slowed to a brisk walk, but still headed straight for her office.
“Alwyn!” Shirley’s voice was actually frantic, and James threw the door opened behind her. Shirley’s voice again: “Alwyn. You’re all right.”
Then it finally caught up with her: they, of course, would have been worried sick. They would have found, what was his name?, Leon—oh, that’s why Blackburn Small was here. Someone had someone punctured the guard, she remembered. And Blackburn Small had seen this. She stopped, and turned.
James was holding the door open, smiled. Relieved. Other people were looking up from their desks now, all in her direction, saying things back and forth, smiling too. Good news, she was back.
Alwyn made her way back and into Shirley Fields office, still clutching her plastic envelope.
“You’re all right,” said Shirley again.
“Yes.”
“God, Alwyn, what happened?”
Alwyn looked over at Blackburn Small. “I saw you,” she said to him, “just before, just as they.”
“I saw the scuffle,” he said.
“Is Leon all right?” asked Alwyn.
“Who’s Leon,” said James.
“My body guard,” said Alwyn. “Or poor excuse for.”
“Yes,” said Shirley. “He’s fine.”
“The Western Front,” said Alwyn. “It was the Western Front.”
“The Western Front?” Shirley’s question
“Arrak, actually.”
“Arrak?” That was James’ question. “The street gang?”
“They’re a part of it, but there’s a lot more to it than that,” said Alwyn. “I have their kit here.” She held out the plastic envelope for all to see.
“Their kit?” A puzzled Shirley.
“Yes.”
“A media kit?” James again.
“It’s a long story,” said Alwyn. “I’d like to go through this.” She indicated the envelope again.
“What happened?” Shirley not happy without an answer.
Alwyn took a deep breath. “I was, well,” how was she to put this? “I was granted an interview.”
When no one replied—obviously expecting more—she started again: “Basically, I was kidnapped. By what they initially said was the Western Front. A very polite man in a black limo brought me to an office building somewhere here in Hollywood, or perhaps West Hollywood, but not farther away than that.
“You don’t know where?” James.
“There was no way to see out of the limo, then they made me wear a very efficient black hood,” said Alwyn.
James nodded. As did Blackburn Small. Alwyn continued. “They brought me to an office building. Not too tall is my guess, the elevator moved fairly slowly. Couldn’t count the floors though, so I don’t know for sure how far up. Somewhere between the fifth and eighth floor would be my guess.”
“In Hollywood, or West Hollywood?” Blackburn again.
“Yes.”
“Could it have been Studio City?” James.
“Possibly, but I doubt it. I don’t think I was in the car that long. Nor did it take that long getting back here. Although, I should say that the limo did go north on the 170 once they dropped me off. Conceivably.”
“What happened?” Shirley again, who seemed to have lost capacity for all but those two words. “Then?” she added.
“There were three men. In a conference room. No windows. Three men. One called James, one called Tom, one without a name.
“Their real names?” asked Blackburn.
“No,” said Alwyn.
They waited for her to continue. Alwyn took them in, three pairs of eyes, unblinking, fixed on her. She saw they would not let her leave without the full story, so she finally sat down, plastic envelope in her lap.
“They confirmed responsibility for the fire. First as the Western Front, but then as Arrak.”
Again she indicated the kit they had given her. “An old organization, they said. Ancient. They called it a brotherhood. The force of the Earth. They claimed Earth-given rights. The fire, they said, was a subtle warning not to stand in their way.”
“Subtle?” Shirley.
“My reaction exactly,” said Alwyn. “Nuns, according to Arrak, oppose the will of the Earth; and the will of the Earth will not be refused.”
“Any demands?” Blackburn.
“No. Not per se. Just their Earth-given right to procreate—or, create, as they put it—unopposed. They mentioned the purity of the hunt. No more medication or herbal adjustments, no more facilities or bunkers. Restore the Earth to its, well, basics.”
“And they gave you a kit?” said Shirley, as if she had just noticed. “A media kit?”
“That’s what they said., something like that. They referred to it as the kit.”
“You saw their faces?” Blackburn again. Concerned, and a little puzzled. “They allowed that?”
“Yes. And that really scared me, that they didn’t hide themselves. Made it possible, obviously, to identify them. When they removed my hood and I set eyes on these three men I thought I was done for.”
“They must be very sure of themselves. Of their abilities,” said Blackburn.
“My feeling is that they are capable. Very.”
“And no demands?” Blackburn, who beneath the arson specialist persona was all detective, asked again.
“Well, sort of. I’ve been appointed their spokesperson, in essence. According to them, the instructions are all in here.” Again she indicated the plastic envelope in her lap.
“Spokesperson?” James.
“Conduit, was the word,” said Alwyn. “He, or they, want me to be their conduit.”
“You haven’t had a chance to . . .” Shirley indicated the kit.
“No. That’s what I was on my way to do.”
Someone knocked on the door. Shirley said yes, and Mervyn, the evening anchor stuck his head in, looked at James, and asked: “Do we report Alwyn’s return?”
Suddenly James Bittle realized that Alwyn’s return had to be covered, and right away at that. He excused himself and followed Mervyn out.
“Yes,” said Shirley, looking at Alwyn, “You’re news, honey.”
“Guess I would be.”
“They confirmed the fire,” said Blackburn. Still all business.
“Yes. And they said that whoever actually did it are already out of the country.”
Blackburn nodded. “Did they strike you as capable of doing that? Setting the fire, getting their people out?”
“Oh, yes,” said Alwyn. “Oh, yes. Quite.”
:
The media kit was exhaustive, including a treatise on Arrak, it’s formation (claimed to be spontaneous, at the Earth’s own insistence—something Alwyn seriously doubted), organization, aims, and goals (restoration of Earth to His—yes, His—natural and original state: the hunt).
How much of this was true, and how much was doctored for her, and through her, public, consumption, Alwyn wasn’t sure; but it made for interesting reading.
What was beyond speculation, however, was what Arrak wanted her to tell her viewers. That was not a polite request, it was a demand, and it was scripted. She read it again, for perhaps the fifth time, and this time with Shirley Fields as the audience. They were in Alwyn’s office now: Alwyn, Shirley, and Blackburn Smith, trying to get as much information as possible on the now confirmed perpetrators of the morning’s terrible arson.
Shirley sat on Alwyn’s desk trying not to chew her nails, Blackburn was leaning into a corner, one knee raised, foot behind him on the well: a crane, Alwyn could not shake the image.
She looked back at Shirley. “There are four different messages,” she said. “One for each week of the Season. To be broadcast four times a day: noon, at three in the afternoon, at six, and then again at nine in the evening. On the hour.”
“Or what?” asked Shirley.
“Or they burn another convent.”
Shirley drew a quick breath.
Blackburn said, “Do they say which?”
“No, just a convent, somewhere in the United States.”
Her boss shook her head. “That’s insane.”
“Especially considering it’s not an empty threat,” said Blackburn.
“My thought exactly,” said Shirley. Then to Alwyn, “Sorry, go on.”
Alwyn picked up the first of the four scripts.“It reads like a religious tract.”
Then she read:

Arrak, the Seed of the Earth, has germinated long enough, has now taken root, has now risen to claim its rightful place on Earth.
We regret the necessary loss of life in the recent Los Angeles fire, but we believe we assumed correctly that nothing short of that would catch your attention.
For centuries now the Earth has suffered the indignities of refusal, of denial, of spurning His basic purpose of creation. For centuries now fanatics have devised plans and means of opposing the basic truth of the Earth, of denying Man’s own nature, of hiding from the Earth and the Hunt both Men and Women.
The Earth is displeased and now demands that this stop.
Two Hundred Fourteen women died in the Los Angeles fire, two hundred thirteen women who had pledged their denial of the Earth, who had locked themselves away from creation, who refused the Hunt. And so they suffered the consequences: the Justice of the Earth.
Arrak will not rest until the Seed is returned to its rightful owner: the Earth.

“That’s it?” asked Shirley Fields.
“That’s the first one.”
“No demands, no calls to action.” Blackburn’s question was more like a statement.
“No. None.”
“How about the others?” asked Blackburn.
“More of the same.”
“Let’s hear them,” said Shirley.
Alwyn read them out too. As she said, more of the same.
A long silence where they could hear the din of busy people the other side of the glass wall.
“What do they want to achieve?” said Shirley.
Alwyn looked up at her boss. “I think they want to make themselves known. Perhaps set the stage for coming years.”
Blackburn Small frowned, but said nothing.
“You may be right at that,” said her boss.
“This is my question,” said Alwyn Moore. Then hesitated, and looked up at Blackburn. Then back at her boss. “Though this is probably just between you and me.”
“Don’t mind me,” said Blackburn.
Shirley Fields got Alwyn’s meaning; saw the implications of LAPD presence were they to make editorial decisions. She, too, turned to Blackburn. “Actually,” she said. “In this case I’m afraid I do. Besides, editorial questions wouldn’t interest you.”
“They might.”
“I must insist,” said Shirley.
Blackburn straightened his leg, then straightened his entire frame. “Your call,” he said. Then, looking at Alwyn, added, “Just don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” Not quite a joke.
Alwyn smiled, but didn’t answer.
In three steps Blackburn Small was through the door and on his way out of the building.
“He was really worried about you,” said Shirley Fields.
“He hates me,” said Alwyn.
“No, seriously.”
“Seriously, Shirley.”
“All right.”
“My question is this,” said Alwyn. “Do we go with it?”
“Do we have a choice?” said her boss.
“Of course we do.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, we don’t have to comply.”
“At the risk of another fire,” said Shirley.
Alwyn looked out over the many reporters working by their desks the other side of her glass wall, then back at her boss. “Do you want to be party to this?”
“No. Of course I don’t.”
“Well, neither do I.”
“So, what do you suggest?”
“I suggest we don’t do a damn thing with it. I suggest we turn this, this kit, over to Blackburn or someone else at the LAPD or the FBI or whoever, and wash our hands off them. That’s my gut feeling.”
Now it was Shirley Fields’ turn to survey the small sea of desks and the many men and women working at their terminals and keyboards.
“We have an exclusive here,” she said finally.
“Oh yes, that thought has crossed my mind.”
“And you know what that means.” That was not a question.
“Sure.”
“Can we afford not to use it?”
“Can we live with ourselves if we do?”
“The public has a right to know,” began Shirley, then stopped, realizing she was not talking to a politician or a police officer or a Joe Public. Instead she said, “Sorry.”
“So can we?” asked Alwyn.
Shirley didn’t answer.
“Live with ourselves?”
Shirley hesitated, then said, “If we don’t do it, they’ll just go to another station who will.”
“That’s the oldest—and lamest—excuse in the book,” said Alwyn.
“Nonetheless valid,” said her boss.
Alwyn’s turn to not reply.
Instead, she looked down on the tracts in her hand, as if reading them again, as if trying to decide. Truth be told she no longer saw them. Didn’t, couldn’t, think about them at all. Instead she worked to repress her own internal waves, which suddenly had sprung alive—and with claws—fighting the scents that now reached her from the other side of the glass wall of men who were as close to heat as she felt. And she realized, with a sickening certainty, that she could not make it unaided.
She would either need a delayer, or she would have to get the hell out of there. Now.
“I need a delayer,” said Alwyn.
Her boss didn’t reply for several seconds. “But you said.”
“I know what I said. I just need one. That’s all I need. Just to get this,” she motioned her hand in the direction of the kit now strewn across her desk, “taken care of. Perhaps the station nurse?”
If the issue at hand was in the best interest of the station, Shirley Fields was normally for it. The station always came first. It was more important than friends, than husbands, than possible damage to star reporters.
“One,” said Alwyn. “Just one. Please. And that’s it.”
“Okay, one. One.” Then she fished her cell phone out of her pocket and dialed the company nurse. Spoke briefly. Put the phone away again. “Ten minutes,” she said.
“Thanks, Shirley.”
“So, Alwyn, what do we do with this?” Looking back at the scattered kit.
“I need the delayer, Shirley. I really mean it, I can’t think straight.”
“Okay, let’s take a break.”
“Yes, let’s.”
:
The delayer shot helped. A lot.
The blockers brought their coma and the amphetamines brought their alertness, as Alwyn crested upon them both as upon swells turning waves.
Below her Alwyn could feel the numbing fill her, submerging the submerger as it rose, blackening the smoldering need into sweet oblivion. And as the need withdrew its claws she realized that even unnoticed—or unheeded, rather—the Storm’s slowly rising tide had affected her vision and her concentration; had dimmed her clarity of view. Muddied it, tainted it.
She felt much better. Almost herself again.
And now, looking over the kit, still scattered across her desk, she knew what to do. And what she had to do next was convince Shirley—now back in her own office—who did have the final say, about it.
She rose, began gathering the kit, when Shirley, as if telepathically alerted that Alwyn was heading in her direction, arrived in Alwyn’s office.
“Feeling better?”
Alwyn nodded. She had undone the ponytail she normally wore when not on the air, but nodding now the hair fell down in her face, and she gathered it up and tied it back again. “Thanks, I really appreciate it.”
“Just the one, though. No more,” said Shirley.
Alwyn nodded again, “No more.”
“So, how do we approach this?” She nodded at the half-gathered kit on the desk.
“I was just coming to see you about that.”
“And?”
“And, I want to denounce them.”
Shirley didn’t answer right away, but instead sat down. Stretched her legs and rubbed the base of her nose, as if she had been wearing glasses, which she had not. Grimaced. Looked up at Alwyn, who remained standing behind her desk, looking at her boss not taking the news too well.
“Denounce them?” she said finally.
“We have to.”
“They will burn another convent. You read that yourself.”
“Well, that’s just it, Shirley. Since when did we give in to blackmail?”
“This is a little more than that.”
“In what way?”
“They have proved themselves capable of carrying out their threat.”
“And that makes it less of a blackmail?”
That earned her a quick, not necessarily appreciative, glance from Shirley. “No.”
“What then? How is it anything but blackmail?”
Her boss turned to rubbing the base of her nose again. And with closed eyes said, “It’s one hell of a story. You’re proposing to ditch it, or pass it on.”
“I’m not proposing to ditch it. I don’t want to pass it on to another station. I want to denounce it.”
“Well, it amounts to same thing.”
“No, Shirley, it does not.”
Shirley Fields, who had begun to view their unique position as a conduit for Arrak—an unwilling conduit, to be sure—as a ratings boon, did not want to let go of four ready-made daily public reminders, and over the next four weeks, to boot, of precisely how unique her station was. That would not be in the station’s best interest.
When her boss didn’t answer right away, Alwyn went on:
“Shirley. These men,” then she paused, and took a deep breath. “Let me point out that I saw not a single mention of women in the entire kit. Not one. Women, in the view of these men, serve only one purpose: seed receptacles.
“These men have one, and only one goal as far as I can see: and that is total access. They want nothing to oppose, thwart, or make in any way difficult, their hunt. They demand that every girl or woman in heat be available, accessible, and what’s more, willing, when they set out to spread their seed for the good of the Earth.
“That goes against what I believe; it goes against what I know you believe, Shirley. And it certainly flies in the teeth of religion as we know it, mostly the Kristian dream of staying untouched.
“They want to remove anything that hinders that touch. They want to remove any resistance to the Storm.”
A long sigh from Shirley, seeing the ratings boon slip away in the wake of Alwyn’s logic. “You’re right. They are crazy and about four thousand years late.”
“Well put,” said Alwyn. “And we will get mileage out of denouncing them.”
Her boss took a long look at her star reporter before she answered:
“True.” Then she added, “And what about you?”
“What about me?”
“When they discover that you’ve defied them; maybe even betrayed them.”
“That’s my bridge to cross.”
:
Alwyn Moore’s announcement, which opened the nine o’clock evening news, was seen by both Harry and Lara. Helen and Larry Suffolk were also watching KTLA just then.
Harman-Karman had already left his house for his first hunt of the Season, and so missed it.
Fletcher Jones was still asleep, supplied with small, but regular amounts of morphine in his drip, best that way.
Blackburn Small had returned to the KTLA studio to get some more Arrak detail rom Alwyn Moore, and he caught the broadcast from Shirley Fields’ office.
Alwyn Moore, who had forgotten to undo her ponytail for the broadcast, caught most of her viewers by surprise. First, by the different look—not so made up, more down to earth. The tail. Jeans, sweater, despite the urgent news.
Second, by appearing at all. Most viewers knew, of course, that she had been abducted, and later safely returned. None had expected her to return back on the air so soon. There are traumas involved with these things, as hinted at or played up by rival stations.
And thirdly, by what she told them.
“The Western Front,” she began, “the organization who earlier today claimed responsibility for the death of two hundred fourteen women in the Benectine Convent fire, is—this station has now confirmed—just that, a front, the western front for Arrak, an international brotherhood bent on returning the world to utter barbarism.
“To date we have only known Arrak as the South Los Angeles, Long Beach, and Torrance street gang, famous—or notorious—for their daring and artistic graffiti displays, but we have now discovered that to only be the tip of the iceberg. Arrak is so more, and so much more sinister, than that.
“This afternoon this reporter was abducted by this group, by Arrak, blindfolded, and brought to a meeting with three of its leading men. Three men who confirmed culpability, then made their demands in what can best be described as a blatant attempt at blackmail.
“They demanded that this station undertake an ongoing PR campaign for them, or, they claimed, they would burn another convent somwhere in the United States; a monstrous and cowardly act they have already proved themselves capable of.
“Let then this broadcast be a warning, an alert to all police agencies, and to all American convents, to stay vigilant and prepare for a possible attack from these people, this mob, this Arrak.
“It is this reporter’s, and this station’s, opinion and conviction, that these men, and they are only men—the data supplied by them does not show a documented woman among them—think only of heat and hunting and of gratifying their baser, though some would say—and Arrak certainly does—natural, needs. Were they to succeed in their aims, as communicated to this reporter in what they termed a ‘media kit,’ this world would return to an uninhibited survival of the fittest, to a world of no religion save procreation, to a world where nothing matters, but the hunt.
“We believe that these are aims not shared by sane human beings, and we denounce them, as we denounce the group, the brotherhood, the mob that strives in that barbaric direction: Arrak.”
:
The first one to explode was Blackburn Small.
“She cleared none of this with us,” he yelled at Shirley Fields, who had given him no warning whateve of what was about to be broadcast. “How many convents in Los Angeles?” he asked. “Do you know?”
Shirley Fields, still far from altogether comfortable with the broadcast, especially now that it was done, and so competently, by Alwyn Moore, didn’t catch the question.
“How many what?”
“How many convents do we have in LA County? Do you know?”
“You don’t think?”
“They are capable of it. And to me it makes sense that, with the leaders apparently in town, they would have rehearsed more than one assault in our area.”
Shirley Fields nodded. Made sense. “About a dozen,” I think.
“Who would know?”
“I’d check with the Archbishop’s office.”
Without another word Blackburn Small stalked out of her office to talk the first desk he came to into letting him use the phone.
At eleven o’clock that night the Sisters of St. Joseph on Brighton Avenue in Los Angeles caught fire. But thanks to Blackburn Small’s diligence and to the broadcasted warnings (which by then had been made on all local, and most national stations) the heightened alert spotted the six simultaneously started fires and doused them wihtin fifteen minutes.
No one was hurt.
That was the good news.
The bad news was an email from Arrak to Alwyn Moore care of KTLA which in so many words pronouced her a dead woman.


::56::
I have no idea why we would let him go. Or how we could possibly.
The man had killed. Over-heated or not, he had up and violated a woman who had subsequently died, that’s killing. That is murder. Letting him out is same as setting a killer free.
This was Season related, they said. He was, yes, over-heated, frenzied, and so not truly responsible; besides, we don’t have room. There is no room for him. We’re getting inundated with the truly dangerous.
The truly dangerous? How dangerous do you have to be to be truly so?
He’s hurt, they explained. Can’t get around on that knee. Will not pose a danger to others now.
Still. I argued back, but against a very determined wall of deaf ears who had already made up their collective mind. I let it go. Had to.
“His sister is coming to collect him later this morning,” I was told. “Be sure he’s ready to leave by eight.”


::57::
Fletcher Jones awoke that Saturday morning a little not quite there, at a stone’s throw from himself, is how he sort of felt it, removed; but other than that in good spirits, and with little or no pain in his knee.
He’d slept more and deeper than in years, felt rested, and with the treatment, and the morphine to be sure, his knee felt just fine right now. The swelling had gone down, and the bandage around it felt strong and comfortable, like a firm hand. A firm, warm hand.
The other swelling had not subsided, however, and his erection would not stop calling, calling, calling (had called for hours in his dream, like a thunder rumbling beyond distant mountains, or far above a distant surface) for Fletcher to wake up and do something about it.
He hitched himself up on his elbows and looked around for someone to complain to, about still being here, and was a little starteled to see that the ward was full. Each bed, as far as he could make out, had someone bandaged up and sleeping in it. Many of them strapped down. He had been, too, he recalled. No longer though.
A couple of male nurses at the other end, down by the windows, were making the bed around some poor sod or other that didn’t look to good.
How the hell to get out out of here, that was the question.
And there, the other side of what looked like very hard to bust glass panels, as if by answered prayer, she was; as if conjured by the very question: Sam, wonderful Sam, frowning and not at all pleased he could tell, but here nonetheless, and to get him out of her, no?
Another male nurse, neutered, too, by the looks of him—well, they all were, weren’t they?—was guiding her through the doors now, and together they approached his bed. Flecther could make out the tail end of what the nurse was saying, something about too little room, him not being an emergency at this point, grateful that she had come on such short notice. Kinda stuff. The nurse place a pile of clothes at the foot of his bed. He recognized the shirt, and the slacks. His clothes.
But though his knee felt fine lying down, it would not support his weight standing up. The nurse shook his head a little and said, “Wait here,” and vanished quickly in the direction he and Sam had come from. Before he went through the door, he turned and said, “Get dressed.”
“Neutered, right?” said Flecher knowingly to his sister.
“What do you think?” she answered.
“What time is is?” he asked.
“Almost eight.” She said, though more like complained.
He looked out through the windows to his right, could see the day, gray clouds just a patch of two of blue. So, morning for sure. Then got out of his stupid gown and into his own clothes. Sam had to help him on with the slacks, the bandage made the left leg stick a little on its way up. But not too badly.
The nurse returned. Wherever he had been off to was not too far away. Carrying crutches.
“Never!” said Fletcher. “Not on your fucking life. Never.”
“You can’t stay here,” said Sam.
The nurse was busy adjusting the height of the crutches and wasn’t paying Fletcher much attention. Done. “Here,” he said. “Try these.”
“Never,” said Fletcher again.
“You’re out of here whether you take them or not,” said the nurse. “If you have someone to carry you around, fine, you won’t need them. But if you have any plans to move around on your own, you’d better take them.”
So damned fucking know-it-all. But, now that he put it that way, probably right.
“Let’s see those damn things,” he said. And tried them. And tried them some more, and then hobbled along after Sam and the nurse as they headed out of the ward. The nurse made sure the door was safely shut and locked behind them before showing Sam and him to the elevator.
On the way down Sam asked him how he felt, and he said fine. Just fine. “They gave me some pills for the pain,” she said, and handed him a small brown plastic bottle of Vicodin. “Only when it hurts,” she said.
“It doesn’t hurt,” he said.
“The morphine hasn’t worn off yet,” she said. “The nurse explained it.”
“That neutered?”
“Yes.”
Outside Sam headed over to her car, and to his dismay Fletcher saw that her husband sat at the wheel of their out of date Buick. Sam held open the back door for him, and he lumbered inside, crutches an all.
“How you feelin’?” asked his brother-in-law.
“Been better,” said Fletcher, though he felt pretty damn good still.
“Glad to hear it.”
“Where to?” asked his sister. A strange question, and one that Fletcher didn’t much care for once he understood the implications: he was not invited back with them, that much was clear.
“Oh, anywhere is fine,” he said.
“You have the pills?” asked Sam.
Fletcher patted his pocket. “Yes.”
Then nothing more was said until they reached Florence, and, with the knee beginning to feel a little uncomfortable, Sam said to her husband, “Here’s fine,” and Fletcher guessed here would be as fine as anyplace.
His sister then turned around and asked, “Got any money?”
“No.”
“Here,” she said and dug out two twenties which she handed to him over her shoulder.”
“Thanks,” he said. After a brief fight with the car door he managed to get it open; almost scraped the sidewalk with it. Then lumbered out of the deep backseat and onto the sidewalk. Reached back in for his crutches. What a hassle.
“Take care,” said his sister.
“Yes, take care,” echoed his brother-in-law. And off they drove, leaving him, knee achier by the minute now, and his gut and erection throbbing with Storm, on the sidewalk. Not even waiting for him to answer. Which he hadn’t planned to do anyway.
He tested his crutches again. Then rested on them, flexing his knee a little. Didn’t feel so good anymore. Then he sampled the air. And again.
It was replete with. For the Season was truly here.


::58::
On the morning of March 1st the Storm halted briefly along the San Gabriel–San Bernardio Mountain range, as if to collect iself. As if making sure any stragglers caught up, as if making sure any forerunners knew it was coming.
Satisfied that all was well, it then began spilling over the peaks and crevaces of these mountains and spreading both to the west and south it rolled down the slopes and onto the Los Angeles basin. Life, already disrupted by the many scouting tendrils, took a steep turn toward the chaotic as the Season arrived in force.

Part II — Arrival

Harman-Karman Selby


::59::
After a shallow and fitful sleep Harman-Karman woke up, sweating.
Had there been any doubts about it—and there had been none—they would all have been dispelled by the fresh ejaculation just prior to waking up: stalking, cornering, and yes, finally, entering, and entering, and entering. She had not put up much of a fight, this checkout clerk, this dark haired checkout clerk who worked at Ralph’s on Lake and Walnut. And then, with the rush of release, he woke up all the way.
Oh, man.
The previous night had not gone well.
First there had been the question of whether to hunt locally or elsewhere. He had settled for elsewhere. Then the question of transportation. His first notion had been his car, always an attention getter. But, no. He could not leave it unattended, not during the off-Season, not during the Season. In short order there would be no car left. Okay, so the bike. The Moto-Guzzi, then, his other pride and joy. But that, too, would be stolen within minutes, especially now. He had not thought this through very well. All equipped but nowhere to go, and no way to get there. In the end he settled for a local foray, on foot. Feet were safe, nobody would steal them.
But this had not been a success. Not by any stretch.
Sure, there had been targets enough, but none very accessible. Married mostly. Or well armed boyfriends. Or guards. His neighborhood was not one for revelry. People planned ahead, and they protected themselves well. They took effective precautions again the hunter. They could afford it.
He had ended up sifting through perhaps a dozen heated scents, tracing, finding, abandoning, all the while—with each promise of potential release—his erection grew sterner and sterner, more and more demanding.
Screaming for release. But there was none to be had.
In the end, midnight by this time, he had withdrawn to his house, had carefully locked all doors, then helped himself several before he fell asleep: exhausted and somehow—he felt—cheated. Not an auspicious beginning. Though, and this was his one consolation, the Season was not all here yet, or had not been last night. This morning, things felt very different.
Very.
It had arrived.
For he woke into true heat. Into that blood-red tunnel that brooked no refusal. Into the edict. What last night had been a shifting kaleidoscope of scents and sounds, had this morning turned river, a mist so thick that need and urgency spoke from all directions.
He virtually hummed with the need to copulate, with the need to isolate one, just one of the many many calls the river carried. And he remembered now, from all earlier Seasons, this particular madness, how when it rises from what you had assumed to be heat, to true Season, to true heat, where little, if anything, else mattered; how it again takes you by surprise, that anything could be so, so thorough—was the word he felt, picked, agreed with. Should write that down, he thought, thorough. Tonight, he decided, tonight, in his journal. Tonight. Thorough.
He was hungry, starving in fact, and that too did matter. Somewhat. He had to eat. He had to make it from bedroom to kitchen, he had to focus: on food, on bacon, on eggs, on the stove, on not dropping everything and simply head out. He set out for the kitchen, but had to sit down half-way; simply to collect himself. Sweating with the effort to gather thoughts, to still his passion long enough to move from A to B with purpose other than Storm. Purpose like eggs, bacon, skillet, purpose.
He made it to the kitchen. Managed that strange procedure—strange when you’re humming to be elsewhere and it seems like those arms, those hands, those fingers do not belong to you, not in the least, but still, surprise, surprise, they do your bidding and they crack two eggs, and they strip off three long strips of bacon, the third bringing the fourth clinging to his buddy for dear life, okay, you can come too.
The smell of frying bacon is strong and virulent and fills his head with, no, not hunger, but women. He shakes his head, as if to spin the mist away to see clearly again, but no such luck. They’re still women. He does however manage to carry the plate and some orange juice into the living room where he puts them down without braking anything. He turns on the television. More by habit than anything else. It rustles on, and yes, as if confirmation were needed: the Season has arrived. It’s Back, is the caption on KTLA’s news at Eight.
Eight? That’s the time? He checks his arm for the watch to verify, but can’t find it. Back into the bedroom and the night stand. Surprised he had the presence of mind to take it off last night. Some things you do so automatically it really should scare you.
Eight o’clock indeed. He could have sworn. Sworn what? Much later than?
He made it back to the living room, to images from Hollywood of badly controlled mayhem. Of fights, copulations in doorways, on sidewalks, on benches, on stairs, in parks. Of girls, barely of age, in full heat and now out for a swim to see who will fight for her and win her. So odorous are these young things you can almost see the pheromones like a mist around them. In first or second season. Should be tucked away safely somewhere, but no, these were more than likely runaways with nowhere to be tucked away in, and now, freshly heated, young and strong, few males could resist, and the camera (the operator neutered for sure—or topped up with delayers—for the picture was rock-steady, or the camera was very expensive) following the two, three, then four males drawn to this one particular little beauty.
She’s eighteen perhaps, if that, but oh so very aware of her power, of the alluring zone she emanates, a magnet for the hungry, for the large and not so large fish swimming this river now, this flood of flesh and need.
It is almost a ritual. Harman-Karman has seen it many, many times: as each male becomes aware of his competition, out come the weapons, the knives and guns (if they are true hunters), or fists and feet and teeth if not. The smallest, least armed are soon frightened away, erotically sulking, while the remaining two or three fight it out. One is left standing, or unfled, and now there is only lust, for the rule of the Season is that if you win the fight you get the price.
Few are the women who entice a fight, remain to learn the winner, then refuse, or attempt to refuse, the victor. Few are the women to attempt this and survive. They are invariably UUI’ed, and none too kindly.
This particular confrontation is quick, you couldn’t even call it a fight. The blond man, not much more than a boy—twenty, perhaps—is a hunter, the only hunter among them, and only has to show weapon for the other three to back off, envious glances over their shoulders, soon gone, defeated dogs.
He seizes the blond girl by the arm. She giggles, or something like it, and they disappear into the alley. The camera doesn’t follow; it doesn’t have to. There’ll be copulation scenes enough to satisfy even they thirstiest voyeur, a month’s worth coming up. Programs dedicated to it. This was the news after all.
The Season: It’s Back.
:
And then, there she was.
Harman-Karman recognized her of course: Alwyn Moore.
But not the Alwyn Moore he was used to, not the cool, seemingly unscented Alwyn Moore, the more-beautiful-plastic-doll-than-woman Alwyn Moore; no, this one was different. This one was real.
To be honest, even the plastic-doll Alwyn Moore would occasionally swim into, around in, and out of his head off-Season: a far-off aesthetic ideal, if somewhat plastic, yes; and on a baser and more regular basis in-Season.
Most of his friends begged to differ: look, the woman is not beautiful, there’s nothing there, just plastic. And surely on delayers come the Season (before she’d vanish off the air). But Harman-Karman knew what he liked, and to him she was unmatched, and, of course, unattainable.
Her just gorgeous eyes, her wonderful hair—tied up into a ponytail this morning, odd; and something else, very much something else. At first he could not put is finger on it. Then he looked again. Not a doll at all. For heaven’s sake, she was emanating. Sure as he was sitting there, she was emanating. He could literally see the pheromones around her. This woman, his aesthetic ideal, was in heat. And apparently concentrating very hard on saying what she needed to say, and succeeding.
He didn’t catch all of it—too distracted by the woman herself to fully grasp what left her mouth—but the gist had to do with Arrak and threats and not giving in to them. Had to do with threats on her life, and not giving in to them. An email from Arrak.
But try as he may, Harman-Karman could not concentrate on exactly what she was talking about for all he could see, what filled him, and filled him, and filled him completely, was the non-doll Alwyn Moore, in heat, and he knew—it was an intense visceral certainty—that this was his woman.
Here was the woman he would pursue this Season. In effect, he had no choice. This was the woman, his woman. She was the reason he had decided to hunt again. She was the reason he was well equipped again. She was the reason he had woken up this morning. She was the reason he was alive.
Alwyn Moore.
She said something else, which, again, Harman-Karman did not quite catch: an email threat, her freedom to choose, something something, blackmail, but then quite clearly, Arrak had threatened to kill her, but that’s what cowards would do when they don’t get their way (which were fighting words if he’s ever heard any, is what crossed Harman-Karman’s mind; this woman had guts—what a woman); then the obligatory “Stay safe,” then she was off the air.
Not to return this Season, said the male anchor who now filled the screen. Wishing her good luck in that very synthetic anchorman voice. He didn’t like that guy’s smile at all, that little sneer with which he wished Alwyn Moore good luck; sneer in Harman-Karman’s eyes, anyway. His woman. His reason for living.
:
Alwyn Moore: his woman.
Alwyn Moore: his focus.
He discovered that having a focus helped. Helped quite a bit, in fact. It seemed to channel the Storm within, and in a way which fortified him, made him less pervious to the river surrounding. Having a focus helped him focus.
He laughed at that, as the self-fulfilling something or other, not sure what, of the thing; he should make a note of that, too, in his journal. Really, he should.
Yes, he should. And did: stood up, laughed again at the odd circle of the phrase and made to his bedroom; and did, write, it, down:
Having a focus helps you focus.
And again: Having a focus helps you focus.
And he laughed again.
His focus: Alwyn Moore. Not the plastic one, the real one. A shimmering light the far side of the pulsating tunnel; the focus and channel both.
Like a vision; a vision for his heart to thirst for. Good one. Should write that down, too.
And did.
And at the end of that throbbing tunnel: the focus not only of his heart but of his life: Alwyn Moore. Yes, precisely. That was the feeling, and not only a feeling, it was the truth.
The truth.
Harman-Karman tapped the pencil on his teeth as he tried to get a clear view of this, the tunnel, her face, and as he caught a glimpse of himself in the window, he saw the stance he had always assumed for effect, now assumed naturally, and not for effect, and then he saw that cat (it was the same cat wasn’t it?) charge across the law in pursuit of something or other which suddenly proved itself adept at flight much to the cat’s dismay, which it tried to dispel (or disguise, Harman-Karman couldn’t tell which) by suddenly start washing its face by first licking its paw then rubbing the paw against the side of his face, while moaning softly. A cat moaning? He listened closer. Focused all hearing on the preening cat, and damn if the thing wasn’t moaning, humming, no, not purring, humming.
Her wrote that down as well. It felt good to be writing. He was actually writing. The Season was here and he was writing. Sure, it had only been here for what, a few hours, but he was writing, was writing. He wrote that down, too.
I am writing.
Alwyn Moore.
That warm voice. That finely textured intelligence. That soft (is what he assumed anyway) skin. And that unruly (a little, he had notice that too at times) hair. Lithe. Lean. Finely chiseled face with those fine, very kissable (weren’t they?) lips. And those hands. Those fingers. Bet she plays the piano. Piano fingers, surely. Long, strong fingers. Surely.
As he studied her through the length of the tunnel she grew more and more real, almost as if present; as if she had entered and now sat in the room, on his bed perhaps, talking to him, telling him about how she liked to dress, what food she preferred, and how she really had no idea who the hell Harman-Karman was.
Oh well. There was that to consider, of course.
But once you put a face to the hunger of the heart, it will never let go.
And the face Harman-Karman’s heart had put to its hunger belonged to Alwyn Moore.
He put away his journal, rose and looked out at the cat still preening away, still moaning softly, and then at his reflection, and a little closer at his reflection: shower man, you need a shower.
The hot water touched him in places that set him off again (and he was damned if he was going to take it cold). So he helped himself twice—not really thinking of Alwyn Moore, not in that way, not yet, she was more than that, more than that. Thinking instead of he had no clear idea precisely what; his need did his thinking for him. Once, twice. Made sure he got all that washed off and rinsed down the drain as well.
Dried himself off, and dressed.
He had no plan. Find Alwyn Moore, that was the plan. The goal, purpose, plan, all in one. No further details.
And, of course, this was all sheer insanity.
He thought of calling Harry. Then did call Harry. No answer. Well, Harry would have his own problems right about now. Even less prepared than Harman-Karman, he was sure of that.
And her wonderful waist. And those legs. Bet you she has small feet. Not very breasty either. Harman-Karman (and his heart) liked not very breasty women. Alwyn Moore—now that his heart was set, fixed and focused—was indeed perfect.
And focused. Again, he noticed how the sheer force of focus kept the river of scent at bay, held the Storm at arm’s length.
A focus helps you focus. Laughed again at that.
So how then? Was he for real?
And his heart answered right away: Oh, yes.
Alwyn Moore? Oh, yes.
You sure? Oh, yes.
So, what the hell would he do? Could he do?
Who was he kidding?
He sat down on—more like fell back into—his living room sofa. He closed his eyes and for a moment let slip his focus, letting the river in: rushing, he could almost see it now, it had color, no, not so much color as wavelength, wavelength in the air that distorted color, softly distorting colors and setting them ashimmer.
Ashimmer?
Yes, ashimmer. Things took on a faint glow, fainter than faint, they were glowable, potentially aglow. Aglow?
Harman-Karman shook his head, trying to clear it of ashimmers and aglows. Okay, man, get it together here. Please.
He looked out at his Weeping Juniper, weeping indeed in the slight wind outside. A beautiful tree. Harry thinks so, too. Knocked the price up about five grand, said his real estate agent when he bought the house. A desirable tree, is how she put it. With curb appeal, is how she put it. So he bid over the asking price, about those five grand over the asking price as he recalled. Which got him the house, and the curbly appealing Weeping Juniper; no regrets. Swaying slowly now, the blue-green droopings, sad but not, stately, just like Alwyn Moore.
He had absolutely no idea where to begin. Or how.
He called Harry again, not really sure why. He wouldn’t know either, how could he? But Harry usually carried around a little more sense than Harman-Karman did, so perhaps, perhaps.
Still no answer. He let it ring. Had indeed forgotten that it was still ringing when after what? twenty rings?, Harry did pick up.
“Harry. You’re there. You’re home.”
“Harman-Karman,” he said. Perhaps a little annoyed. Something.
“Yes.”
“What do you want?”
“Alwyn Moore,” said Harman-Karman.
Harry said nothing.
“How are you doing?” asked Harman-Karman.
“Not so sure.”
“What do you mean?”
“I was doing fine until the phone rang.”
“Doing what?”
“Drinking tea.”
“Drinking tea?”
“Yes.”
“You got company?”
“No.”
“Drinking tea?”
“Yes. I usually do.”
“We’re in Season.”
“Yes, I know.”
“And you’re drinking tea?”
Harry didn’t answer this. Instead he asked again, “What do you want?”
Harman-Karman went looking for and came back with his reason for calling; saw her face, warm and fine and so very unplastically wanting at the far end of all that wanting. “Alwyn Moore,” he said again.
“Alwyn Moore?”
“Yes.”
“What about her?” said Harry.
“Any idea how I could find her?”
After a brief silence: “You’re going after Alwyn Moore?”
“Going after might be a bit strong.”
“What would you call it?” Some interest now. Less annoyance.
“My focus,” said Harman-Karman, truthfully. “That’s what I would call it.”
“Your focus,” said Harry. Then, after another little silence, “I have no idea.” And some more silence. Then, “No idea.”
When Harman-Karman didn’t reply right away, Harry said, “Your focus?”
“It helps.”
“What do you mean?”
“It helps me focus.”
“Well, obviously.”
“It’s more than that.”
“What exactly are you talking about?”
“Having a strong focus helps you focus.”
“And?”
“It helps keep everything else at bay.”
“Every thing else?”
“Yes, that’s exactly it.”
“Your focus does?”
“Alwyn Moore does.”
After yet another brief silence: “I see.” And perhaps he did see. He didn’t sound confused. No irony present.
“Do you have any idea how I could find her?”
“No.”
“You know anyone who would?”
“I don’t,” said Harry. “But you might.”
Which took Harman-Karman by surprise, and a fruitful one at that. Now, that’s a though. Should have thought of that. Yes, he did might, and started sorting through some internal address book of friends at work and friends of friends at work who had friends in the industry (how he hated that term). Searching and sorting so long that Harry eventually wondered: “Still there?” which stopped him sifting.
“Yes, sorry.”
“I said that you might know someone who might.”
“That’s an astute observation Harry.”
“Thanks.”
“Are you all right?” said Harman-Karman.
“So far, so good. Let me know if she has any sisters,” he answered.
“Sure, Harry. I will.”
“Excellent.” Then, “Really, Harman-Karman, are you really setting your sights on Alwyn Moore?”
“That’s a great way of putting it: setting your sights.”
“Thanks; but are you really?”
“Yes, Harry.”
“You’re crazy.”
“No doubt.”
“Really really?”
“Really really.”
“Doesn’t sound too feasible, or possible.”
“I know that.”
“But you’ve made up your mind?”
“I’m focused.”
“Oh, man,” said Harry.
“And you,” said Harman-Karman. “Are you starting it down?”
“I’m staring.”
Then nothing was said for so long that each of the two friends slipped back into his own world. Eventually Harman-Karman said: “You take care now.”
“You too,” said Harry.” And good luck, with your focus.”
“Thanks, and you too, with your staring.”
Harry hung up first.
Harman-Karman sat down to continue sorting through names and faces. Who might know someone who might know someone? The constant pressure to relieve himself—Now! Now!—made it difficult to concentrate, but he found strength, strength in focus, strengthen himself to focus.
On Alwyn Moore.
By eleven he had called several people, none of whom had answered. Not surprising, the Season was here after all. By noon he had called them all back, to still no answer.
He fought back the mounting pressure from below. Sheer act of Alwyn Moore induced will. And again. This took some doing. The focus, focus, focus on Alwyn Moore; which he then managed to shift to his hands—scrutinizing them—to the sky and some clouds outside, to the trees, to a car driving by, to that damned cat again. To waiting, to perhaps calling these people back for a third time, when by early afternoon, the phone finally sprang to life.
A Jennifer. Something. Jennifer Crowley. Third floor, in layout. She had a sister did she not?
She was not exactly completely lucid.
“Alwyn Moore? Is that what you said?”
“Yes, anyone you know who would know her?”
“And you’re Harman-Karman?”
“Yes.”
“I’ve often wondered,” said this Jennifer Crowley, “do you have a last name?”
“Yes.”
“What is it?”
“Selby.”
“Selby?”
“Yes.”
“Man, that sounds English.”
“I guess it is.”
“But you’re . . .”
“I know I am.”
Long silence. “How do I know you’re Harman-Karman?”
“Don’t you recognize my voice?”
“Yes.”
“So what’s the problem?”
“How do I know you’re not impersonating Harman-Karman?”
“You don’t.”
“Well, that’s my point.”
“Jennifer, I promise. I’m the real Harman-Karman. Fifth floor. Two floors up from you. Concepts and Design.”
“Selby, huh?”
“That’s right.”
“That’s very English.”
Harman-Karman chose to ignore that. Then put the question to her again: “Do you know anyone who might know Alwyn Moore?”
“Right.” Remembering why he had called.
“Do you?”
“Used to.”
“You wouldn’t have a number or anything.”
“Don’t think so.”
“You sure?”
“Wait.”
The knock and rustle as she put the receiver down, and the crash as the receiver fell from whatever surface to the floor, by the sounds of it. A distant “Sorry.” Then silence, more or less, for quite a while.
Then, “You ready?”
“You’ve got a number?”
“818-226-8484.”
“818-226-8484.” Just to make sure.
“That’s right.”
“Who is this for?”
“Bruce Chalkhill.”
“Sounds English too.”
“Bruce is English.”
“He knows Alwyn Moore?”
“When I knew him, yes. Had worked with her at the Orange County Register.”
“Ah.”
“You think it’s all right if I call?”
“I have no idea.”
“Of course. Listen, Jennifer. Thanks. Really. Thanks.”
“Good luck, with, whatever. Why do you want to find Alwyn Moore?”
“Personal.”
“Why don’t you just call the station?”
“Which station?”
“KTLA. You know. Where she works.”
Yes, why didn’t he? He was really slipping here. But then again, a personal contact was much better.
“I will,” he said. “Good idea.”
“Good luck then. With everything.” Which included the Season, finding Alwyn, and whatever else was left of his life by the sounds of it.”
“You too.”
She hung up first.
Bruce Chalkhill did not answer. Not after three tries with twenty-four rings each, which is when the phone company cuts you off with that wailing tone and the suggestion that if you’d like to make a call, you should please hang up et cetera. Cuts you off as the moron you were for not realizing they were not going to answer; but Harman-Karman saw Alwyn Moore in the shower, hearing the phone ring over the spraying water, getting out, hurriedly drying herself off to catch the phone before he hung up, so he wouldn’t hang up, waiting for her to reach the phone. And he wasn’t even calling her. What a moron. 
So he called the station. He got a receptionist. Asked for Ms. Moore. Was passed on to a secretary cum screener of calls. Ms. Moore was not in now, had in fact left for the day, for the week, for the Season. What was this about? Could she take a message?
No, no message. He’d try back later. After the Season.
Two more calls to that Mr. English Chalkhill. Same result, only he didn’t let it ring twenty-four times before hanging up.
No voice mail either. No way to leave a message.
Outside, the wind had picked up. Not only had his Weeping Juniper begun complaining a little, but its friend and neighbor, an evergreen Chinese Elm, had begun swaying in the stronger breeze. Susurrant exchanges, tree to tree. Harman-Karman walked up to the window to get a better view. Alwyn Moore came along, kept interrupting.
Then the phone followed suit.
It was the Mr. English Bruce Chalkhill. “You’ve called me five times,” he said.
“Sorry,” said Harman-Karman. “I got your number from Jennifer.”
“Anderson?”
“No, Crowley.”
“Ah, Jennifer, the artist.”
“That’s the one.”
“Who are you?”
“Harman-Karman Selby.”
“And you work with Jennifer Crowley?”
“Yes.”
“So, what do you want? That you call me five times.”
“She said you might know Alwyn Moore.”
“Well, I do. Or did.”
“You know her well?”
“Yes. Well enough. Did.”
“Well enough to know how to reach her?”
Which may or may not have been the best approach. “What do you want with Alwyn Moore?”
How to explain. Better yet, how not to explain. Some good reason now. Come on Harman-Karman. And a word floated out of him, more or less on its own accord. And across to Mr. English (whose accent was untarnishedly British still), “Arrak.”
“Arrak?”
“The Fire.”
“What about it?”
“They have threatened to kill her.”
“I know.”
“I can help her.”
“Then you should call the station. That’s what I would do. I believe she’s off for the Season. On leave. According to the news.”
“I did. I tried that.”
“And?”
“She’s in danger.”
“Apparently.”
“And I can help.”
“Call the police then.”
“Tried that too,” he lied.
“Help her how?”
Harman-Karman had no answer whatever to that question, but must not not not let that show; he heard himself say: “I have an untraceable hideout she can use.”
“I’m sure she’s safe.”
“I’m not so sure.”
After a silence, “Jennifer Crowley gave you my name?”
“Yes.”
“And you work with her?”
“Precisely.”
“What’s your name again?”
“Harman-Karman Selby.”
“Hardon-Karman. That’s an odd name.”
He let that one go. “I know.”
“Mind if I call Jennifer just to make sure.”
“No, not at all.”
“Bye then.”
“Bye.”
Twenty of the longest minutes in Harman-Karman’s life ensued. Then the phone sprang to life again: “To be honest,” said Bruce Chalkhill without preamble, “I don’t know how to reach her. I don’t have her home or cell number.”
“Nothing?”
“I know her mother lives in South Pasadena.”
“She could be there?”
“I don’t know. I just know that when I knew her she had just begun patching things up with her, with her mother that is, and was visiting her almost every weekend; every weekend she wasn’t working.”
“You wouldn’t have the address, by chance?”
Yes, turns out he did. Gave it to him. Had been there once or twice, he said. Big house on Avon Place. White. Southern Gothic. Can’t miss it.
“What’s Southern Gothic?” Harman-Karman got a picture of some Gone with the Wind mansion, but he wasn’t sure.
“You know, Neo-Classical, Colonial, Greek Revival, tall pillars, that sort of thing. Think Gone with the Wind.”
“Ah, got it.” Almost shared the coincidence. But instead, “Anything else? That might help.”
“No,” said Bruce Chalkhill. Then asked—and Harman-Karman could tell this had been on his mind, or on his tongue for a little while now, “How the hell do you get a name like Hard-on?”
“It’s not Hard-on-Karman, it’s Harman-Karman.”
“I know,” laughed Mr. Chalkhill. “Jennifer set me straight. Though I think I like Hard-on better.”
“Oh well,” said Harman-Karman. “Thank you though, you’ve been very helpful.”
“Hard-on Car-man.”
The British accent on the other end of the line was of course not the first humorist to go to town with his name, and normally he suffered those fools if not gladly, then at least tolerantly. But he was fresh out of patience, and besides, Alwyn Moore beckoned.
“Really very helpful,” loudly. “Take care.”
Then pressed down on the switch hook with his right hand, and so hung up first, for the first time today. He regarded the receiver in his left for a long time, as if unsure what it actually was for, and a little stunned perhaps that sounds had come out of it, and in an English accent to boot. Then he came to, re-roused by many images of Alwyn Moore, and replaced it.
The wind outside had not died down, had increased rather, but seemed undecided as to direction. Tossing back and forth, making his Juniper and Elm appear in conversation, touching here and there to make a point.
Harman-Karman got out a street map to look up her mother’s house on Avon Place. Found it. It was actually not that far. He could walk there. Well, it was a couple of miles, a little more perhaps. Even so. He’d rather walk than risk his Jenson or even the Moto-Guzzi. And the walk would do him good. Thing to do.
Then there was a sudden shift in the wind that seemed to bring it inside, and he was suddenly overcome with the need, the sheer compulsion to do something, right now, about the re-rising ache below. He looked around his living room and thought of wavelengths again, shimmering as they entered through his eyes, ears, mouth, nose, touch even, to take possession of him.
It was all he could do to stand still, without fainting from the impact.
He tried to fix Alwyn Moore’s face in his mind but did not succeed. For the moment he was besieged by other images, of legs, stockinged and not, breasts, halfly bra’ed and not, hair in many and all alluring styles, eyes, lips, lips, lips and teeth and smiles and legs and hands touching him and long fingernails touching him, and while touching himself his knees buckled and he fell back into the nearest armchair to navigate these hundreds of images each of which demanded, simply demanded, compliance.
Then, once, twice, and a third ventilation finally eased the pressure. Jesus Kristus what a mess.
On shaky legs Harman-Karman made it to the bathroom and took another shower. He had forgotten (or chosen not to remember) the strength of the urge, the force of that whip when it does decide to lash into you. The tsunami that brooked absolutely no refusal. That would just twist the screws a little tighter and a little tighter and a little tighter still until you do its bidding. No two ways about it.
He scrubbed himself thoroughly and focused on not being ambushed again. He had not seen it coming, not until he was drowning in it, and he can’t recall what sparked it. Something had, usually did, didn’t it? Now, he concentrated on lathering the shampoo evenly through his hair, on soaping down his entire body, thickly, thickly with this great soap, rinse a long time in the hot, then cooler water. He kept adjusting it to cooler and cooler but chickened out before altogether cold. Shut it off. Then, what the hell: steeled himself, and turned the cold—ice cold—water on again. Just the cold, and Jesus, what a shock. Got his complete attention. For one thousand one, one thousand two, one thousand three, one thousand four, and then for a little longer while he closed his eyes and endured, then perceived, then—yes, actually—enjoyed that cold water. Man. He remained in this state—it is a state, I should write that down too, the cold shower state—for perhaps a minute before shutting the water off again.
He stepped out and dried himself.
Man. That felt good. Checked himself in the mirror. All glowy and not too badly looking, at all.
So what had set him off? What had sparked the tsunami? Was it Alwyn Moore? Had she triggered him? No, he didn’t think so.
A shift in the wind; then images, hundreds, thousands of them.
The thing to do—and he had realized this before—was to not let them in. These images. To not let the first image in. To not be open to let the very first image in. For once he made it in, he’d open the doors from the inside and call all his buddies and shimmering they’d arrive and swamp you and take control.
But how did that first image enter, uninvited?
How did the guard drop, to expose the tiniest of cracks for the shimmer to negotiate through? Was is just the unwary shift of attention? Was that enough? The wind had shifted.
Of course, normally he wouldn’t mind, he would in fact invite it, come and get me, but not now, not with Alwyn Moore to find and then, yes, and then what? Crossing that bridge later.
He was hungry again. Thought briefly of frying himself a steak, something succulent, then settled for grilled cheese and lots of vitamins. Juice as well. The cheese melted and sank over the edge of the buttered and sizzling bread and then added to the sizzle and the aroma that now filled the kitchen. Appetizing.
He spatulaed the two sandwiches out of the skillet and onto a plate. Brought them to the table. Sat down, rose again to get some silverware. Sat down again. Looked again for the cat out his kitchen window, but it was nowhere to be seen now. Birds though. And wind. Dancing.
Had the wind triggered it? The wind had shifted. Had the wind also shifted the shimmer? No, he didn’t think so. But it had definitely caught his attention, lowered his guard. Perhaps that was it.
He took a bite or two.
Thought briefly, then, about Harry, about how he might be holding up; but then, as he could feel—he could actually feel it, damn it—another wave approaching, he focused every ounce of attention onto the very, oh so very beautiful face of Alwyn Moore. And as he did, he had the palpable sensation of burrowing down into sand under canvas while the Storm, the wave, the tsunami, and that raging sand screamed its violence and demands overhead in the furious wind, though not entering him; clipping him a little, skidding off of him, but not entering, not filling him again with images, that rain of need that crowded everything else. He wrapped all of Alwyn Moore around him, and she kept him safe and sheltered; and so he managed to ride out that attack well hidden.
Five minutes, an hour, hard to tell. His barely touched grilled cheese sandwiches were cold now. He ate them anyway, then set out to get his kit in order.
:
All unpacked, inventoried, double-checked, assembled and re-packed by mid-afternoon. He was ready to leave.
To be sure, he had vented, twice, just to ease the pressure; in the end had to ease the pressure, and again, and immediately afterward—almost feeling normal—he turned on the television to catch anything out of the ordinary, if this could be considered ordinary. Anything he should be aware of before he heads out there. The caution of the hunter. Much better safe than sorry.
But everything was ordinary. As far as Seasons go.
Normal services had come to a more or less standstill. The city was now in Emergency mode, or Storm mode, or Season mode—different channels used different phrases, but they all meant the same. The Season was here, in full force, and, well, what the hell, you might as well enjoy it.
Coverage of several team fights, several not so subtle copulations, in parks, doorways, on benches, lawns, you name it, a blanket sometimes to keep from bruising, but that was about it. Modesty? Not a word in the Season’s dictionary. Need had climbed to the top of the heap and it reigned supreme; and brooked no competition, nor obstacle.
Here and there you could spot a gelding—the cameras tended to linger, as if a little envious, or solicitous, or both—keeping something or other functional, like the doorman at the Bonaventure Hotel smiling blandly at the camera, and confirming, yes, they were fully booked, and yes, the Season had arrived at the Bonaventure as well.
KTLA confirmed—and Harman-Karman realized that this was the news he wanted to verify—that Alwyn Moore had done her last broadcast and would return in April, post-Season.
So, then, more than likely not at the station. He decided to call again, to make sure. Different receptionist, different secretary, same result. No, Miss Moore is not at the station. She will return in April. Thank you.
Harman-Karman got out the street map again. Located Avon Place again, and pathed the shortest, or if not the shortest, the most practical route there. He wanted to reach the place as unnoticed as possible; did not want to attract fights, nor competition. Dressed for the hunt, other hunters would take an instant dislike to him, that was simply how it worked, and might challenge him on the spot, target or no target. So unseen was best, and as for unseen, the darker the day the better.
He thought again of Harry, and even called him. No answer though, nor did his machine pick up. He must have disconnected the phone altogether. Harman-Karman sensed problems with his friend and briefly entertained the notion of dropping by. He only lived four houses up from him, after all. But he decided against it. Once the Season arrived it was up to each male to fight his own devils (as far as Harman-Karman could recall, those were in fact Harry’s own words); no one could fight them for him. Friends rarely got together during the Season, primarily to save the friendship—so went the prevalent theory—since no matter how close the friendship off-Season, once the Storm raged, male friends were instantly transformed into competition, potential enemies.
They had tried, was it three years, or perhaps longer ago, to beat that myth, as Harry had put it, with near disastrous outcome; almost coming to blows within minutes, each suspecting hidden intentions and furtive plotting in the other. After that Storm they looked back upon this and laughed at it, amazing what it can do to you, this Storm, and recognized it for what it was: temporary, Season-related insanity. Even so, they—if not in so many words—agreed not to repeat the experiment, for any reason short of life and death.
Harry’s disconnected phone was not life and death, is what Harman-Karman’s concluded. Even so, he did step out on the sidewalk to look up the street. No lights were on in Harry’s house; the wind was playing in his pine, who seemed, for all its size, a little bemused.


::60::
A little past the dawn of time (say a minute or two) he had been given a choice: on the one hand was mobility, on the other immobility. With the one hand—mobility—came sex, and with immobility came peace.
Well, perhaps not the he he, the he remembering right now, but a he sufficiently related to seem the same tree even so, for the memory of trees is shared and brought forward intact generation to generation, bridging back to—all the way back to, yes—to that one choice, when the morning dew still clung to creation.
And the Giver of this choice? Harry’s Pine had no clear view of who or what it could have been, the one extending this offer, this ur-choice; that is to say, memory revealed neither shape nor personality, nothing to show the form or character of the Giver of Choice.
All Harry’s Pine could see, all he could be, was the he given the choice, and this he now pondered his two options. He had been given all the time in the world to decide, and he took most of it; well, at least lots of it.
Looking back upon it—for the tenth, hundredth, perhaps thousandth time; for he liked to ponder this event—Harry’s Pine again saw that the choice, at its core, consisted of this: Animal or plant?
Which kingdom was he to join? And his ur-father, ur-brother, his early, early, early self (either of these notions felt just right) did take his time.
:
Now, there was a lot to be said for mobility. Least of which was not that you could get away from things: lava, rain, snow, fire. Especially fire.
Mobility would also let you look at things from different angles, say from beyond that ridge over there, or from the other side of that mountain; from up there if you had wings, from down there in the blue water had you chosen to retain your fins. With mobility, like the wind, you could sweep across the many layers of the Earth and sample life in its many forms and fashions.
But the Giver of Choice was very clear about this option: with mobility came sex.
This sounded to his ur-self as a price to pay. Mobility did not come free. He wondered, in fact—and quite politely—if perhaps he could sample it.
And this thing called peace? It must be very valuable if it were to make up for loss of mobility; yes, these were price and compensation respectively, were they not? There was a balance, wasn’t there?
The Giver of Choice—whom Harry’s Pine tried again to get a clear glimpse of, but again failed to as much as sense a direction to—said yes, there was a balance, and yes the one was a price you paid, and yes the other was recompense you reaped.
What about sampling, he asked again—for the Giver of Choice had not heard, or had chosen to ignore his original request—could he sample? It would help him decided.
This time the Giver of Choice heard, or chose not to ignore: And “No,” was the answer, he could not sample, he would have to take the Giver’s word: Sex—he, she, it, they, said—is simply a reminder, a gentle prod in the direction of procreation. For there were things you must do, actions you must take, to ensure the continued survival of the mobile species.
Peace, on the other hand, the Giver of Choice went on, is the absence of sex, is the problem of continuation—of procreation—solved in a less, shall we say encompassing, or intrusive, way.
And went on to say that continuation involves seed either way, but for the mover the seed must be deposited, firmly and deeply with the female of the species—which could conceivably be forgotten, there is so much else to life to keep you busy and your mind occupied—while for the stationary, seed is simply let go, given without thought or anxiety to the air for the wind to carry and scatter upon the Earth.
“You said ‘anxiety’ just now,” said Harry’s ur-pine.
“I said ‘anxiety’ just now,” confirmed the Giver of Choice.
“I don’t like that word.”
“Neither do I.”
“So with sex comes anxiety?”
“A modicum thereof, yes.”
“And when you say ‘deposited, firmly and deeply with,’ What do you mean precisely?”
“There is, ah, how shall I put it, some requisite activity involved.”
“Requisite activity?”
“Let us say that the male of the species has a depositor. And let us say that the female of the species has a receptacle.”
“A depositor. A receptacle. Yes.”
“In order to spread the seed, the male of the species must enter the female’s receptacle with his depositor, to squirt the seeds within her.”
“You said ‘squirt’ just now.”
“I said ‘squirt’ just now.”
“What does that mean? Squirt.”
“What it means is that during heat the male’s depositor will grow stiff and itchy—the easier to enter the female’s receptacle, and the better to inspire, or shall we say, encourage agitation—and once entered, the depositor . . .”
“When you say enter the female receptacle,” interrupted Harry’s ur-pine. “I take it you are talking metaphorically.”
“No,” said the Giver of Choice, “I am not talking metaphorically. I use the word enter in its very physical and literal meaning.”
“Ah,” said Harry’s ur-pine.”
“And,” continued the Giver of Choice, “once entered, with his depositor, the male of the species will agitate it to still the itch with the eventual result that seed will pump out of one and into the other.”
“You said ‘eventual’ just now.”
“I said ‘eventual’ just now.”
“So this take time, this depositing?”
“Long enough to be enjoyed.”
“And how long is that?”
“Long enough to be enjoyed,” repeated the Giver of Choice, in exactly the same tone of voice, and Harry’s ur-pine did not press.
Instead he said, “And this does not hurt the female of the species? This entering, this agitation?”
“No, in heat she will itch too, and she will lubricate, and she will welcome the depositor. She, too, will enjoy this intrusion.”
“You said ‘lubricate’ just now.”
“I said ‘lubricate’ just now.”
“And you really mean that?”
“Of course.”
“Sounds interesting.”
“It is interesting.”
“If a bit bizarre.”
“If a bit bizarre, yes.”
“But you also said ‘heat’ just now.”
“I said ‘heat’ just now.”
“What precisely is this ‘heat?’”
“It is the gentle prodding.”
“How are you using the word ‘gentle’ in this context?”
“I use it to mean efficacious without undue duress.”
“Undue?”
“Yes.”
“As in no more duress than what is needed to achieve the intended effect; efficaciously?”
“Precisely.”
Had Harry’s ur-pine had a head, it would have nodded sagely just about now.
Then he asked, “When does this gentle, this efficacious without undue duress prodding take place? Is it constant?”
“No. Only once a year. Springtime seems most appropriate.”
“And how does this gentle, this efficacious without undue duress prodding work, precisely?”
The Giver of Choice took a deep, though unseeable, breath: “It works like this: Come spring, imperceptibly small amounts of the sexual urge will begin to ever so gently mix itself with things like admiration, liking, and aesthetics. Just a tad, mind you. So very little. So very little as not even to be noticed.
“Just enough to enter, then permeate, the system unseen, unheard, unheeded.”
At this point, had Harry’s ur-pine had a head, it would have looked up at the Giver of Choice a little skeptically.
“You said ‘urge’ just now.”
“I said ‘urge’ just now.”
“So it is an urge. Which is something you must do. That goes a little beyond a gentle prodding, as you put it. Doesn’t it?”
“I did say efficacious.”
“That you did.”
“That I did.”
“Does he, or she—the male or the female of the species—have a choice?”
“None to speak of.”
“Right. So, just enough sexual urge to enter, then permeate, the system unseen, unheard, unheeded.”
“Yes.”
“Unseen, unheard, unheeded?”
“Unseen, unheard, unheeded.”
Again, had Harry’s ur-pine had eyes, it would have tried to make out what the Giver of Choice really had in mind here.
“Unseen, unheard, unheeded?”
“Those are the words, yes.”
“Why?”
“By necessity.”
“Ah. Keeping efficacy in mind?”
“Precisely.”
“And then?”
“And then,” said the Giver of Choice, “as spring progresses—as we approach heat—a little more and a little more of this unseen, unheard, and unheeded urge is added, enough now to taint the blood perceptibly, but still gently, still unobtrusively. Just enough to make beauty hum. Enough to make an admirer flush. Enough to make a sharer long, just a little, to perhaps bring the depositor a little closer to the receptacle.”
“That’s the gentle prodding?”
“No, that’s laying the groundwork for the gentle prodding.”
“The groundwork for the gentle prodding?”
“Yes. Or not so gentle.”
Again, Harry’s ur-pine would have looked a little alarmed: “Or not so gentle?”
“Yes. For you see the spring is a busy season, lots of new things to see, smells to smell, winds to savor, and the male of the species may find all of this very interesting and he may forget all about planting seeds.
“So,” continued the Giver of Choice. “Should, once spring has arrived in full bloom, the male of the mobile species have yet to deposit his seed with the female, deeply and firmly, he may then need a little more prodding. More than just gentle.”
“Please explain.”
“Remember, I did say efficacious.”
“I do remember. You said efficacious. I’ll keep that in mind. Please explain.”
Had the Giver of Choice had a head, it would have nodded affirmatively (I will) just about now. As he went on to say:
“Each spring a Storm will cover the Earth. Perhaps not a storm. Perhaps ‘storm’ is not a good word. A river, if you will. A flooding of the very urge itself, undiluted and direct. But this urge, this river—now in its raw form—is too coarse to enter uninvited, it must be given entry from within.”
“You said ‘undiluted’ just now.”
“I said ‘undiluted’ just now.”
“How undiluted is un-diluted? If too undiluted to enter uninvited.”
“Perhaps coarse is a better word.”
“Yes, you said coarse.”
“Yes, I did. Perhaps cruel is a better word.”
“Cruel?”
“Precisely.”
“So cruel it might be resisted?”
“Perhaps.”
“Fought, even?”
“Perhaps.”
“So cruel it must be invited to gain entry?”
“Yes.”
“You did say efficacious.”
“I did say that. And this is why the groundwork is laid. The small drops—so small as to resemble a mist—of the sexual urge assimilated earlier into aesthetics, admiration and affinity, and now already in place—ensconced safely in the blood, so to speak—recognizing the river without will then rise to open the gates from within, allowing the main flood to enter. And that’s the true reminder. The perhaps not so gentle prodding.”
“The efficacious one?”
“The efficacious one.”
“And that is the true reminder? The flood is the true reminder?”
“Yes. That is the remainder that will—if earlier, more gentle prodding has failed to—wake the male of the moving about species to his bargained for duty to deposit, deeply and firmly with the female of the species, his seed.”
“And I take it, in the name of efficacy, that once the flood enters, the he or she of the species does not have much of a choice.”
“None to speak of.”
“At all?”
“Not really.”
“And the mist? The subtle groundwork. Is there a choice?”
“None to speak of.”
“At all?”
“Not really.”
“But you can resist it?”
“Only if you notice it.”
“And it is imperceptibly fine.”
“Precisely.”
“Imperceptibly as in ‘undetectable’ or imperceptibly as in ‘almost undetectable?’” wondered Harry’s ur-pine.
“Imperceptibly as in ‘virtually undetectable,’” answered the Giver of Choice.
“Virtually as in ‘close to’ or virtually as in ‘for all intents and purposes?’”
“Virtually as in ‘you really have to be all aware and really on your toes, and even then you probably won’t see it coming,’” said the Giver of Choice.
“So that’s what you meant when you said ‘unseen, unheard, unheeded,’ a little while ago.”
“I believe those were the words, yes. And yes, that’s what I meant.”
“Virtually undetectable?”
“Yes.”
Had Harry’s ur-pine had a face, it would have frowned just about now.
“Why?” he asked.
“Efficacy.”
“To make sure.”
“Precisely.”
“I don’t think I like the sound of this.”
“To each his own.”
“And peace. What is peace? Other than not sex?”
“Well, that is pretty much what it is.”
“The absence of sex?”
“Pretty much.”
“But there’s more?”
“Well, without the urge, there’s no anxiety.”
“Of which sex contains, I believe you said a modicum?”
“A modicum, yes.”
“But from what you have just told me about the river, the too-cruel-to- enter-uninvited river, this modicum of anxiety might conceivably grow far stronger. Might grow, to, say, an obsession. Am I correct?”
Harry, or Harry’s ur-pine seemed to sense a smile, and perhaps even a nod, from the Giver of Choice. But he was never sure of this.
“You are correct.”
“This does not sound a pleasant thing.”
“Believe me, it is pleasant.”
“By what definition?”
“By the hectic, anxious, slightly-painful definition.”
“And without this, this sexual urge, there is no such hectic, anxious, slightly-painful pleasure?”
“No.”
“Nor anxiety.”
“Not of this variety, no.”
“Of what variety, then?”
“Of a much more sensible variety.”
“Such as?”
“Such as the pondering about weather, about rain and wind.”
“I would not call that anxiety.”
“I said it was different.”
“What else will this anxiety-free absence bring?”
“It will bring untainted aesthetics, admiration, and affinity.”
“That I do like the sound of.”
“But, remember, there is no mobility.”
“A small price to pay.”
“Others beg to differ.”
“Let them differ.”
“I just wanted to make sure.”
“So, what happens now?” asked Harry’s ur-pine.
“You choose immobility?”
“I chose not sex.”
“There you are then.”
“There I am what?”
“Then you are tree.”
“Tree?”
“You will grow tall and strong. Your roots will burrow the Earth. Your branches will explore the sky. The wind will scatter your seeds. And you will be at peace.”
“Though stationary.”
“Though stationary.”
“No mobility at all.”
“Only through offspring.”
“I don’t understand.”
Had the Giver of Choice had a throat, he may have cleared it at this point, or he may risen to stretch a little before answering.
Then did answer, “Should you want to reach, say that ridge over there, you will offer seeds to the wind who will scatter them, and within a generation perhaps, another three will grow as far from you as you are tall.”
“Then another seeds will land.”
“Yes, other seed will land, and a generation later a tree will grow as far from your offspring as it is tall.”
“Reaching that ridge will take many generations.”
“So many that the ridge may or may not be there once you arrive.”
“That is our mobility?”
“That is your mobility.”
“What of fire?”
“Your only enemy.”
“For I cannot flee?”
“No, you will perish.”
Harry’s ur-pine asked no more questions, but pondered this danger for many seasons.
Then said, “It is worth the risk. Peace is worth this danger.”
“If you say so.”
“I choose tree.”
“Then you are tree.”
“I am tree.”
:
Harry’s Pine has been grateful for many generations.
Satisfied and happy that his ur-brother-father-self had made the right choice. Of this he was convinced.
He had since, by being, experienced sex of course, and nothing, nothing in this or any other world would entice him to trade peace for the anxiety ridden, compulsive urge that drove mobiles like Harry to distraction once a year. Nothing.
And Harry’s ur-pine was pleased to hear this.
Harry’s Pine noticed Harman-Karman noticing him and wondered what he was looking for. A quick glimpse—a quick being—told him. He worried about Harry. Well, so he should. Harry was not having much fun.


::61::
Harman-Karman gave Harry’s house another glance, looked again at Harry’s pine, then up at the sky, as if searching for something. He tested the redolent air and its thousand promising tendrils, forced them aside as best he could and turned back for his house, his juniper and elm still arguing and exchanging touches as he passed them to his left.
He stopped again. It was like walking through water. The wind was replete will calls: the musty currents of female pheromone spreading like so many hundreds, thousands (if you really concentrated) of thin, pulsating layers. This, thought Harman-Karman, is the river. This is what we swim in, breathe in, live in, this is what the Season brings. There were hundreds of calls Harman-Karman could have answered, could have locked onto like a guided missile with a perfect homing device. He had done it often enough in the past, selecting the one scent, the one strand of river, the one direction of current, and then, having chosen, filtered out all others as so much static and simply pursued.
It was like seizing upon a single tendril, luminescent now that it is selected, and easy to trace. Closer and closer to its source, and the closer the brighter, the more complete. And closer still to its source the trace grew tongues, told of needs and desires and soft and tender caring, and of invitations, and of loneliness, and of hopes, and of threats too of others possibly homing in on the same yearning, yes within a hundred or so yards you could tell, you would know whether the scent, the trail, the tendril was shared by others, and that’s where you had to make your choice: drop it or fight.
Often, though, there were no others, there was only the one source, the one siren, calling the one hunter, conjuring in his mind (and conjuring, he had more than once noted in his journal, is the precise word, for the image produced by the tendril was not the image of the actual female emitting, but your image of the female you want to be emitting, and often as not these two images were in wild conflict): the lonely, lovely, seductively dressed, mysteriously inviting, always willing woman closer and closer, and there, perhaps stepping out of a car, perhaps looking out a window, perhaps walking toward you, even, perhaps, running away from you, there she was and now, you’re that close and emitting tendrils, thick as tentacles, of your own, reaching for, reaching, snaring, and now like a fly-fisher with a glistening, laughing trout on the line, you begin to reel her in, and all you see is whom you want to see, and she is all that her scent portrayed, for you supply all the details, and perhaps she sees you the way she dreams you to be, though sometimes (which is why he’s convinced that women see better than men in these circumstances) she sees you for what you are, as not necessarily her dreamed and longed mate, and parts of her change her mind, or tries to change her mind quite desperately, but cannot, for your line is too strong, and too taut, and her need is too fundamental.
The duration of what then follows seems to Harman-Karman to have a rational relationship to how well the two dreams merge, or mesh. How well reality matches dream. For if after the first blind coming together—scales now fallen from eyes, at least temporarily—reality and dream are simply too far apart, both will quickly arrange themselves for flight and depart; but where dream and the actual harmonize, copulation can go on for hours, even days, turning into what in essence is an impromptu pact.
Sometimes turning into, in the end, life-time pacts and marriage.
Harman-Karman had experienced both extremes, and more than once.
But this Harman-Karman, this afternoon—turning toward evening now—with hundreds of calls swirling about him, locked on to none of them; for him there was to be only Alwyn Moore.
As he stepped inside, he shivered slightly at the utter abundance, as evident inside as out, then forced himself to again focus on: kit, dress, food, map (he tore out the relevant pages—he would have to make it from page K-112 to page K-114—of his handy size street map, the only size he had).
Then looked around; could think of nothing else he would need.
Then thought, yes, he really should check, just to make sure he wasn’t walking into needless danger.
Fishing up the remote from the table, he switched the television back on and tuned to the Pasadena Seasonal Service, a constantly updated account—not unlike a traffic report, only more detailed—of current Seasonal calamities such as team fights, police interventions, fires, that sort of thing.
At this point Harman-Karman was mainly interested in team fights, he did not want to walk into one. True, they seldom developed on any scale in his neck of the woods—Pasadena was a relatively safe place in that regard, not like Hollywood or Van Nuys, for example, who had some of the highest counts of deadly team fights in the nation, year after year. In fact, they were still trying to figure out exactly why this was—though Harman-Karman found the answer quite obvious: too many very good looking women, that’s why. Could it be more obvious?
The broadcast showed activity north of the freeway in Pasadena, but none, not for the moment—said a bland looking reporter Harman-Karman did not recognize, probably from some temporary agency specializing in geldings—none in other parts of Pasadena. And none in South Pasadena, except for two Storm related homicides which the police was responding to at the moment. The reporter mentioned the address, and Harman-Karman checked his maps. No, he wouldn’t have to get near those either (they drew attention, and attention was the last thing he wanted drawn).
His plan, if you could call it that, was simple: reach Alwyn Moore’s mother’s house unseen, wait there until completely dark, enter and find out from her mother, by whatever means (which Harman-Karman had yet to catalog, not even cursorily) where Alwyn would be. He assumed that her mother would know. Going by Mr. Chalkhill, they were on good terms now. In fact, Alwyn Moore might already be in that house.
He pieced the pages of the map together and with a yellow high-lighter marked the path he assumed would be the best: following down smaller streets, cutting across properties to avoid the larger streets. The last thing he wanted to do was run into other hunters, who likely as not would challenge him.
He would not fight, that was a given, which meant flight, and too much flight could easily force him way off course and perhaps he would never even make it to Avon place. He had experience that circus before: going from A to B during the Season, especially as hunter, is a lot easier said than done.
So, unobtrusively was the key word.
He turned the television off, replaced the remote, and took one last glance around him: nothing forgotten.
He hefted his pack which wrapped itself nicely around his shoulders and back. Ch’ien Yung, he reflected thankfully, indeed knew what he was doing.
Harman-Karman rolled his shoulders around a little, flexed his body, and damn, it felt like the backpack wasn’t even there. Outside, the cat caught his eye. Same cat. Murmuring to itself, pretending not to approach, was it the same bird as before? Then it began preening itself again, look, bird, I’m not even vaguely interested in you.
If birds had even half the brains Harman-Karman assumed they had, that is, twice that of cats, it would be obvious what this one was up to. Like whistling in the dark to prove how unafraid you were, meanwhile wetting your pants. Pathetic cat this.
Having just gotten through thinking that, however, the cat—and the bird—exploded into a brief flurry of cat and feathers, and damn if the cat didn’t catch it. Harman-Karman shivered, again. Was this a good omen or a bad one?
Then (thank God he remembered) he almost ran into his bedroom, and fished out his Journal from its desk. Almost forgot. But he had decided: he would keep it up. He would keep it up. No matter what.
No matter where.
He unshouldered his pack and placed it on the desk. Moved things around a little inside to make room for the Journal. And for a pen, and another pen, just in case. This would upset the balance of the pack a little, but small price, he decided. Shouldered the pack again, and this time, without looking around, he went straight to the front door, stepped out, locked it securely behind him and headed down Catalina Avenue.
Almost, but not quite, running toward Cornell Road.


::62::
The image of intimate conversation was aided more by wind than by volition. Harman-Karman’s Juniper and Harman-Karman’s Elm were not as friendly, or such confidants, as appearances made them out to be.
In fact, as trees go, they did not much care for each other.
Well, for one, the Chinese Elm found the Weeping Juniper a little vain. A little too self-conscious about her good looks. Yes, it was a good looking Juniper, there was no denying that, but why the attitude?
The Juniper, on the other hand, found the elm a little uncouth, a little unrestrained, and little rampant. In need of some artful pruning.
But they had one thing in common: they liked Harman-Karman, very much; and as they both perceived his departure they sighed in unison at such folly. Every year, the same madness. The Juniper shook her head in slow consternation, rustling her blue-green foliage to good effect.
“Blinded again,” she said. “Like clockwork.”
The Elm had thought almost the same thought, and the same, or very similar, comment had been working its way to the tip of his tongue—so to speak—but now that the Juniper had beat him to it, it wouldn’t do to echo her sentiments.
So, instead he said, “You make your bed, you lie in it.”
“Don’t be impertinent.”
A short silence. “What’s impertinent about that?”
“Have you no feelings?”
“I do.”
“Well, it wouldn’t hurt you to show them once in while.”
“I do.”
“You don’t.”
“I do.”
“You make your bed, you lie in it,” she echoed. “For one, it’s a dull image, dulled by overuse if nothing else, and impertinent. For another it’s not as if he wills himself to do this. He doesn’t remember, you know.”
The Elm knew this, of course. It wasn’t as if he didn’t have the Juniper’s brains, as it were, he was quite as agile in that department as anyone, but when it came to communicating his thoughts, he was, as trees go, a little tongue-tied. The Juniper—by no means dumb, of course; no trees are—was quite the opposite, perhaps even a little glib; erring now and then by not thinking everything—perhaps most things—through and through before she spoke; but she had a gift of gab that the Elm could only marvel at. Where had she learned this? Was it learned? Was it a long standing Juniper trait? Pondering, pondering but never quite to the point of asking her.
“I know,” was all he managed by way of clever rejoinder. “But it’s not impertinent,” he added. Though that didn’t come out right at all, rather petulantly in fact, he thought.
And all the Juniper did in response to that was rustle her foliage again, and again to good effect. For answering that was simply beneath her.
Then the Elm said, “I wish there was something we could do to help him.”
And before the Juniper could check herself—for it wouldn’t do to agree with the stupid Elm—said, “I wish so too.”
Which left them both a little perplexed, if not embarrassed, at least as trees go.
After another long—and somewhat awkward—silence, he said, “But how?”
“I have no idea,” she said. “And now he’s gone.”
“I can still sense him,” he said.
“Me too.”
“He’s pretty determined.”
“Fixed,” she said.
“Fixed,” he repeated.
“You’re lucky,” said the Canary Island Pine next door, a tall, arrogant fellow. It was as if a nearby sky had spoken. Then he said, “My two stay in their basement all Season and hardly even take a break. If you know what I mean.”
The Juniper, of course, was the one to answer, and not a little put out by the interruption. “It’s not polite to eavesdrop.”
To which the tall pine said nothing 
“She’s right,” said the Elm. “It’s not polite.”
“Well, keep it down then,” said the Pine.
“Now you are being impertinent,” said the Juniper.
“You like that word,” said the Pine.
To which the Juniper did not have an immediate retort, and that surprised the Elm. She was a little hurt, and taken aback, he sensed, and to his surprise, and hers, he heard himself come to her rescue.
“You may be overgrown in the trunk department,” he said. “But you’re far too short on tact for comfort.”
To which the Pine said nothing, to his own, the Juniper’s, and the Elm’s surprise. Mostly the Elm’s, who, as far has he could remember, had never won an exchange like this in his life, if indeed you win these things. Felt like winning. Felt unfamiliar. Felt good. And mostly (and this he couldn’t really explain) because he had helped the silly, far too vain, Juniper.
Then he said, to the Pine. “How far can you see.”
The Pine, who at heart was a nice fellow, and someone who could not hold a grudge for much longer than a breath, was very proud of his long reach, and would never pass up an opportunity to talk about it. So, he replied almost immediately, as if the earlier exchange had never taken place. “Blocks. Miles.”
“Which one is it?” said the Juniper. “Blocks or miles?” Both curious and a little peeved about the vague reply.
“Miles,” said the Pine.
“How many?” asked the Elm.
“Three,” said the Pine.
“I don’t believe you,” said the Juniper, although she did.
“It’s true,” said Harry’s Pine from four houses up.
“There’s another one,” said the Juniper to no one in particular. “Hasn’t anybody heard about privacy around here?”
“I’m sorry,” said Harry’s Pine. “But it’s true. He can reach about three miles. Three times farther than I can.”
“Apology accepted,” said the Juniper.
“I wish there was something we could do to help them,” said the Elm.
“So do I,” said Harry’s Pine.
“He wouldn’t listen, though,” said the Juniper, meaning Harman-Karman.
“Doesn’t hear too well?” asked the Canary Island Pine.
“Doesn’t hear at all,” said the Elm. “Just not open to us.”
“Doesn’t hear at all,” echoed the Juniper.
“My one is open enough,” said Harry’s Pine, “though I still don’t know what I can do for him. Once it sets in, there’s no stopping it. He’s not doing too well, my one.”
“Mine are already at it, in the basement,” said the tall one.
“Ours has gone hunting,” said the Juniper. And I’m losing him. Have lost him.”
“I’ve lost him too,” said the Elm.
“I can feel him,” said Harry’s Pine.
“Me too,” said the tall one.
“What’s he doing?” asked the Juniper
Which was exactly what the Elm was about to ask, but she beat him to it.


::63::
What Harman-Karman was doing, or trying to do, was to stay unnoticed. And that was proving harder than he had thought or hoped.
He had spotted his first hunter on the corner of Mentor and Cornell. He had seen another run down Kewen Drive, perhaps after spotting Harman-Karman first, he couldn’t tell. A third was casing a two story house on Dale Street—must be someone within who had called. A fourth and fifth hunter, which struck Harman-Karman as a father-son team, were walking down Oak Knoll Circle, in plain view, as if asking for challenges (Harman-Karman could not see that they were tracking anyone or reeling in a call). As if they were simply out to fight others. Not unheard of, but unusual. Could explain the father-son impression though (fathers and sons rarely hunted together—not that it was illegal, but it was far from encouraged, and only just condoned).
Oak Knoll Avenue, for some reason he found hard to grasp, was crowded. That’s to say, for a residential Pasadena neighborhood it was crowded. Could have been a nice summer evening, the Season long since ended and off your mind again. Families out for an evening stroll, neighbors chatting, comparing gardening horror stories, three or four joggers out for their nightlies. Just as busy this evening.
He counted five hunters, three of them obviously teamed for two of them stood guard while the third member was busy copulating with a very large woman atop what Harman-Karman made out to be a thermal blanked in the corner of a well lit lawn. More than likely she was the owner of the house, for he saw no activity within—which there usually was if your property was invaded by a team in action: calls to the police, threats, with weapons to back them, from windows, that sort of thing. None of that.
The other two hunters were clearly keeping an eye on each other (likely following the same scent), neither noticing him, for which he was grateful. The smaller of the two, across the street and two blocks down, carried a coil of rope, prepared to scale God knows what. The other, tall and lean, walking with purpose in the same direction, but on the opposite side of the street. Harman-Karman imagined a fight within ten minutes, for he could scent the woman himself now, strong and alluring. Had not the image of Alwyn Moore served to shield out her competition, he would likely have taken up pursuit, too: the scent evoked a luscious woman in her early thirties, simply writhing with the need to.
Yes, Alwyn Moore notwithstanding, Harman-Karman had to do serious internal battle to stay on course; but stay on course he did (though had his erection had veto powers, he would have followed the luscious scent). As it was, he cut across a few lawns, and at one point around a bungalow to reach Ridge Way from the east. This street was quieter. Only two people about that he could see. One, an older man securing his house, locking it up tightly. He was carrying a shotgun under his left arm. The other, a teenager on closer inspection, apparently getting ready to head out, checking things. Not in hunting gear, but looked set to hunt nonetheless. Neither of them noticed Harman-Karman.
Ridge Way suddenly ended and he had to work his way around several properties to reach South El Molino. And here, where people didn’t notice him, dogs did. Not his cup of tea. He did not care for dogs, especially not the larger kind, and twice he had to retreat and walk a wide circle around a backyard to avoid the one guarding the place.
He finally made it though, and found himself on Old Mill Road, one house shy of El Molino.
Dogs. He shivered at the thought where he stood. He’d had run-ins with dogs before, and he had never gotten the better of it, except the once when he actually shot the thing. Unfortunately, that owner had seen him, had confronted him, and in the end Harman-Karman had paid him a considerable sum of money in compensation and to avoid prosecution. Seemed like dogs just didn’t care for him. Probably true what they say that they can smell, if not fear—for he wasn’t afraid of them, particularly—then dislike.
He was breathing quite hard from the part running part brisk walk and part leaping fences and hedges, and was sweating. This bulletproof vest, though much cooler than his old one, was still nearly air-tight, and was not really made for running, at least not for any distance. It was made to stop bullets and less than perfectly struck and sharpened knives. Also, his legs were shaking just slightly. Whether from the unfamiliar dodging and running exercise or from the doggy excitement he wasn’t sure. Heart pounding away. He took several deep breaths. He took in the trees. The wind had died down a little, at least here, the tops of the arrowhead shaped Italian Cypresses to his left barely swayed and the whatever they were with lots of broad leaves rustled a bit—Sweet Gum was it?—but that was it.
Breath and heart rate finally back to normal he brought out his street map and the smaller of the flashlights. Got his bearings. Approached El Molino and looked left to confirm it: yes, Old Mill picked up again half a block down the street. He set out for it, keeping close to the high hedge to his left.
The question returned, unanswered as yet: what if she is not there? What if her mother didn’t know where she was? What if her mother lied to him, and she really was in the house? What if this, what if that. His plan, he had to admit, wasn’t really a plan at all, just a sort of broad general drift in Alwyn Moore’s direction—hopefully. He had not thought this thing through, not nearly enough. Still, there would be time—he assumed, hoped—for that. The first step remained simple enough: get there.
Unseen.
And this first, simple enough step was very nearly not accomplished.
Rule one: Stay alert to everything. His own rule to be sure, but a good one. But with the image of Alwyn Moore hovering, and with the question of what, precisely, to do, still percolating, he violated his own edict: he did not stay alert to everything. Particularly not to the shadow that suddenly sprang alive to his right and came at him with a short? medium? long? knife.
What the fuck?
Harman-Karman sprang back just in time to avoid the glitter of steel and caught the grimace of a not more than fifteen year old face.
Then he came at him again. Harman-Karman still too stunned, shocked, call it what you will, to react properly. Still hadn’t gotten out a weapon, still trying to reconcile the attack: why?
The kid, he could see him better from this angle, the street light falling on his pimply face, cratered what the word that sprung—from God knows where—to Harman-Karman’s mind; crouching now, moving on him again.
“Hey!” Harman-Karman yelled at him. Made him hesitate. “Hey!” Again. Louder still. “What the hell are you doing, man?”
“She’s mine.”
“Who?”
“She’s mine.”
“I’m not after her.”
“I’ve followed you, you’re moving in her direction.”
“I don’t know who you’re talking about.”
“Alice.”
“I don’t know Alice. And I’m not going after Alice. She’s all yours.”
The kid straightened up a little, looked Harman-Karman over closely. Then looked around him, as if for witnesses. Back at Harman-Karman and seemed to take note of the fact that Harman-Karman was well equipped and more than likely could kill him if it came to that. “Sure?” he asked.
“Positive,” said Harman-Karman.
The kid didn’t answer but slipped off down the street, then vanished under a hedge, leaving Harman-Karman with a new bout of sweating, harder breathing, and a racing heart. It took him five minutes to calm down again. He could not afford lapses like this. You can get killed for all the wrong reasons, easily. He knew that. Unless you remained alert. Alert. Rule one. He had to stay alert.
Look around.
Different trees here. Tall Mexican fan palms; sky dusters, they called them. He could see why, even when as now they rose into dusk. Dusting the belly of darkening sky. Only their lower halves lit by streetlights. Swaying slowly. As if settling down after the high winds.
At Mission and Los Flores he got out the street map again. And the small flashlight. Found her house. Only a couple of blocks away now.
:
The hum of a smooth engine caught his ear. Approaching. A minute later a limousine passed: a dark Mercedes going west on Mission, headlights on in the dusk and barely missing him; even so he backed up a little, into deeper shadow. From there he watched the car turn left down Garfield. Soon the hum of the engine had vanished as well—or blended sufficiently into the rest of the night to amount to the same thing—and Harman-Karman thought no more about it. Instead he kept an alert eye out for other hunters, while trying to ignore the constant shifts of scent, calling, calling, calling him and his warm erection, throbbing mildly, with a sweet touch of pain.
He moved down the south side of Mission, close to another tall hedge to his left, willing himself as difficult to spot as he could: just another strange shadow cast by the oddly spaced streetlights. One here, two there.
Then he froze: there was the engine again. The same one.
He slipped back into deeper shadow. Soon the limo itself appeared, now emerging from another side street and turning left onto Mission, slowly rolling down toward Avon Place.
As yet Harman-Karman did not add things all the way up. What did disturb him though was the slow pace of the car. To settle things, he made up his mind about it: Safari. Must be.
The practice was certainly not unheard of, if frowned upon; the way you as a true hunter of game would frown upon—nay, despise—the old practice of shooting buffalo from trains (you read about it in school), or of hunting elephants from a helicopter—where on earth was the thrill in that? Harman-Karman never could understand this practice, only one step removed as it were from having someone actually shoot the thing for you. Was it a rush by proxy? The satisfaction of a vicarious killing? He shook his head.
In a similarly despicable vein, safari services catered to the over-aged, over-weight, and under-sexed cowards who could not hunt for themselves; normally consisting of one or two or three professional guides/guards (usually ex-army or police, skilled in martial arts and weapons) who drove you around in comfort—a well-equipped limousine was the standard—on the lookout for suitable pray. Once found, and once competitors were fought off, or held at bay by the hired help, the “hunter” would emerge “victorious” from the safety of the back seat to make the “kill.”
Pathetic actually.
They called them safaris. Not that they were illegal, but you couldn’t advertise them in print or on television. Still, while there was a market for them, so there would be a supply.
And here was just such a one. For that’s exactly what it was, wasn’t it?
It turned left, down another side street. Was it Avon Place? No, he didn’t think so, though it could be. He started a light run. Crossed Garfield, Montrose, Milan. The limo had turned down Milan. He spotted it farther down the street, now turning right at the lights. Harman-Karman quickly moved over to Avon Place. Alwyn’s Place. He stopped at the corner of Mission and Avon, in shadow, looking for people, dogs, movements. Scents were still strong, swirling a little, dizzying. He could hear voices inside the many houses, could hear birds shift in trees, cars like soft thunder on some distant freeway. He sifted for that particular engine, the safari. And there it was, soon followed by the crouching limo, now slowly turning right onto Avon and heading right for him.
Harman-Karman slipped sideways and behind the hedge to his left. He curled up behind the foliage, then shifted about until he could get a better view through the greenery—a little thinner here, he could see the street well enough to make out cars, that’s for sure. He waited for the limo to appear.
No limo.
Another engine now, approaching fast. And here came the car to go with it. This one was in a hurry, tires protesting at the sharp left turn. That was no safari.
Harman-Karman eased back into the street, for a better view, careful to remain in shadow.
And then spotted the limo—parked opposite Alwyn’s house, he suddenly knew with the chill of certainty—and the other car, stopped now, too, on the east side of the street, across from the limo.
It was a Land-Rover (more appropriate for a safari—where did thoughts like this come from? Harman-Karman shook his head). The Land-Rover doors swung open and people—he counted two from the front and two from the back—exited in a hurry, as the limo suddenly sprung alive again and pulled away. Fast. Too fast in fact for Harman-Karman to react, and he suddenly found himself illuminated by strong German headlights. Bit of a deer syndrome. He didn’t move. In fact, just shielded his eyes. So much for unobtrusive. Uncaring, the limo sped past him and turned left on Mission. Tail lights in a hurry.
Down the street four car doors slammed shut, and he counted people again. Still four.
These men were pros, he could tell even from this distance. Their dress, their stance. Guards. Hired professionals. One of them stepped up to the front door and he soon heard what he took to be an odd sounding doorbell within the large house.
And now, finally, he managed to add everything up. The limo: Arrak; the cars, the guards: protection.
Which meant, didn’t it?, that unless they had come to protect her mom, which didn’t make much sense, they had come to protect Alwyn Moore.
Which, in turn, meant that she was staying with her mother. All this firepower (four well trained guards, in Season, did not come cheap, and were more than likely bankrolled Alwyn’s employer) for her mom, no, he couldn’t see it.
In fact, he was certain now: the very thing he was looking for, his reason for living, only half a block away.
That is to say: half a block, four guards, and people-in-speeding-limos-set-on-harming-her, away. Might as well been two states and a Grand Canyon away. This was not according to plan (if you can call it plan), though his erection—not mindful of detail—begged to differ, emphatically. Close to mission accomplished according to it: throbbing harder now, straining for release, and shouting. Harman-Karman swayed a little from the screaming, then steadied himself again, slipped behind the hedge, sat down, leaned against a rather annoyed Oak, closed his eyes, and tried to focus the pressure away.
Tried. To. Focus.
With marginal success; still, every little bit helped. He did fight down the urge to simply rush the place, track her down and go to town: certain death, in other words.
Now what?


::64::
“He is sitting down now,” said the Canary Island Pine, who was the only one with long enough reach to be (and so perceive) Harman-Karman at that distance.
“Doing what?” said the Juniper.
“Not much of anything. Resting. Wondering what to do next.”
“How’s he feeling?” asked the Elm.
The tall Pine didn’t answer for a while. Then, “Pressured. And confused.”
“Pressured?” said the Juniper.
“You know, the way they get.”
There was a short, awkward, treey silence. If trees could blush, the Juniper would have.
“Confused about what?” asked the Elm, eager to change the subject for more reasons than one.
“He wants to find this woman. I can see her face, a fine face as people go, this is whom he’s come for, whom he wants to give his seed. And she is in a large white house, that’s his conviction, down the street a little.”
“So why doesn’t he go there?” said the Juniper.
“Because,” said the Pine.
And then he fell silent again for a while. Perceiving.  “Because there are obstacles. Some people want to do her harm, kill her in fact. Other people, there are four of them according to your boy, want to keep her alive, have been paid to do so by her employer from what I can make out. Your boy had anticipated none of this when he set out, and now he doesn’t know what to do next.”
“Is he coming back, you think?” asked the Juniper.
“He doesn’t have any plans to,” said the Pine.
Had he had a head, the Elm would have shaken it, out of sympathetic consternation. “Poor creatures,” he said. “Poor, poor creatures.”
“They seem to enjoy it though,” said the Pine whose two charges were going at it like rabbits in their basement, and there was no mistaking their partiality to the activity.
“Yes, and no,” said Harry’s Pine, who was still listening in, although he had his own concerns with Harry.
“What do you mean?” said his taller cousin.
“It’s not really by choice,” said Harry’s Pine.
“They chose,” said the Elm. “Same as we chose.”
“Perhaps, but we remember the choosing and they don’t.”
“True,” said the Juniper.
“And were we to be really honest, did we make our choice or was it made for us?” Harry’s Pine wanted to know.
“It was the right choice,” said the Elm.
“That was not the question,” said the Juniper.
“I know,” said the Elm. Then he asked, “What’s he doing now?”
The Canary Island Pine fell silent again, you could almost hear him reach—though it was more like spreading himself—down the street and across the many back yards and pools and lawns all the way to where Harman-Karman still sat, back against the still reluctant Oak, staring up over the dark rim of the hedge and into the night sky, not wondering about the stars at all, although they were quite bright and seemed quietly amused by the spectacle on planet Earth below.
“Still sitting there. Unresolved,” said the Canary Island Pine.
“About the same thing?” said the Juniper.
“Yes. He doesn’t know what to do.”
“Is he determined about that one woman?” asked Harry’s Pine.
“Completely,” said his taller cousin.
“Then he will find a way.”
“I agree.”
“Why is it you can reach so far?” asked the Elm.
“Because he’s a Pine,” said the Juniper.
“The other Pine’s a Pine,” said the Elm. “He doesn’t reach all the way.”
“I’ve thought about that,” said the other (Harry’s) Pine. “I think we all have the same overall gift, only it’s proportioned differently with different species. I bet there are things you do better than say our fellow Tall Pine here.”
“I wouldn’t know about that,” said the Tall Pine, who didn’t like the implications of this; he knew he was the tallest, the farthest reaching, the ablest of all tress on the street.
“How well to you scent?” asked Harry’s Pine.
“Not so very well,” the taller Pine had to admit.
“Quite well,” said the Juniper.
“How well?” asked Harry’s Pine.
“I can scent pretty well too,” said the Elm.
“He wasn’t asking you, he was asking me.” The Juniper then thought for a little while. “I can, for example, scent four, no five, dogs from here. Two up this street, two one street over, and one about three streets over.”
“How about you,” Harry’s Pine asked the Elm.
“Me too. Yes, the five.”
“And you?” Harry wanted to know from the tall Pine.
“None of them,” he answered reluctantly, after trying to scent them for some little while. Trees were nothing if not truthful, especially since any tree could easily tell whether another tree was having them on.
“You see?” said Harry’s Pine. I think you’ll find that this holds true. “We each have the gift, only it’s allocated a little differently.
“I can be things and people for nearly five miles,” said the tall Pine, lest they forget, exaggerating just a little.
“Exactly,” said Harry’s Pine, helping his cousin keep face.
“What’s he doing now?” asked the Juniper.
“Still mulling things over,” said the tall Pine.
“Still sitting down?” the Elm wanted to know.
“Of course he is,” said the Juniper, though she wasn’t sure.
“Yes,” said the tall Pine. “He’s still sitting down.”
“Do you know the Bristlecone?” asked Harry’s Pine of no one in particular.
“He’s a relative of mine,” said the Canary Island Pine. “A cousin lots of times removed, but in my direct line.”
“I don’t know him,” said the Elm.
“Me neither,” said the Juniper. “Why do you ask?”
“They say he can reach from the White Mountains all the way to the coasts.”
“You mean the coast,” said the Juniper.
“No,” answered Harry’s Pine, I mean the coasts. East as well as west.”
“Where are the White Mountains,” asked the Elm.
“Here in California. In the Sierra Nevadas,” said Harry’s Pine.
“Ah,” sounded the Elm.
“Do you know where the Sierra Nevadas are?” the Juniper asked of the Elm.
“Yes I do,” he answered. “Do you?”
The Juniper pretended not to hear that question.
“I wonder if that is all he can do,” said Harry’s Pine.
“The Bristlecone?” said the Juniper.
“Yes.”
“Reach?”
“Yes.”
“Surely he can scent something,” suggested the Juniper.
“Not much to scent up there,” said the tall Pine.
“Can we ask?” asked the Elm.
“They are hundreds of miles away,” said the Juniper. Not unkindly.
“Have you ever spoken with them?” Harry’s Pine asked of his taller cousin.
“No.”
“Ever tried?”
“No.”
“Could you?”
“Wouldn’t know how.”
“Would you want to?”
“Yes, sure.”
“No, would you really want to?”
The tall pine though about that for a while, and then another while, and then another while, and then he said, “Yes.”
“Then,” said Harry’s Pine, “I’m sure you can find a way. If you return to where you parted ways, and follow the other branch, perhaps.”
“Perhaps.”
“What’s he doing now?” asked the Juniper.


::65::
What Harman-Karman was doing now was still sitting with his back to the old, still somewhat annoyed, Oak. Still undeciding. Still trying to quiet the throbbing, the tremors, the swelling from below. Still focusing, or trying to—not as easily as earlier in the day—on Alwyn Moore, holding her face before him to shore up the walls to keep the river of other currents at bay.
Still trying to form a course of action, and still unable to arrive at any sort of strategy.
And still wondering who exactly was Arrak and who exactly were the guards, and who were they there to protect?—Alwyn, surely—when softly, reaching him on still air: the purr of two well-tuned engines, far away still, but approaching. Harman-Karman focused on the sound: closer, closer, a block away perhaps, then no closer, just the hushed purring. Then not even that. Silence.
And more silence. As if the evening held its breath.
As did Harman-Karman.
Nothing happened.
Then several car doors opening, soft feet on pavement, murmurs, car doors closing with deliberate care, as quietly as possible.
Movement of soft feet. Many soft feet.
Approaching. Some on street, some on sidewalk—Harman-Karman’s hearing was now completely attuned to the approach. He tried to count pairs of feet, not an easy task. Tried harder: each pair treading at a slightly different rhythm, a slightly different pace, the lift and landing of each sole unique. Four, no five. He re-counted: five. And again; five.
Five pairs of rubbered soles moving up the sidewalk now, slowly, quietly, toward—he again knew with that sickening certainty—Alwyn Moore’s house. Reaching it. Spreading out. Feet even quieter now. Some moving on grass, some moving on tarmac. Some not moving at all.
Then none moving at all.
Then the first shot.
Or what is a shot?
Instinctively he listened for an echo, a reverberation, a distant crack in answer.
But there was no echo. Instead there was the clatter of glass, loud in his ear. A window, a stone perhaps through a window.
Then again, another shot, like a metallic infliction on the air; then, again, the garish glassy clatter. Another stone through another window.
The quiet returned.
Then another rock through yet another window.
More stillness.
And stillness.
And then, now that was a shot. And there was the reverberation from several blocks away.
Harman-Karman eased himself up onto already stiffened knees—the Oak quietly good-riddancing him all the way—flexed them once or twice to restore circulation then slowly stepped up to and put his head around the street end of the hedge. Carefully.
A clear view: Land-Rover by her house, his side of the street. Two dark cars—Mercedeses both, owners of recently purring engines, now malignantly reflecting the yellow street light into threat—crouching farther down, almost at the end of, the street.
No sign of men, owners of feet.
Except—he focused—except, in the driver seat of the foremost Mercedes, a blond head, then a hand, then a brief light, a match or a lighter, a cigarette. A lookout. Keeping an eye on the street, the sidewalks, inhaling now: Harman-Karman could see the end of the cigarette combust. Almost hear the soft crackle of it.
Harman-Karman slowly withdrew is head, and began to softly move along the inside of the tall hedge toward what he already thought of as Alwyn’s house. Got to the end of the lawn where the hedge did a ninety degree to the left, no way to scale it.
Two oaks to his left, one with branches hanging over onto the other side. He jumped, reached the lowest branch and surprised himself by swinging up onto it on his first attempt. Then moved up onto the second, overhanging one. Moved out, over the hedge, and dropped himself down, again with surprising dexterity, quietly onto a new lawn. And a new hedge on his right. He moved along the side of it to the end and another ninety degree left turn. This time with no trees to climb.
He followed the hedge toward the back of the house. Well lit here. Light streaming out through many windows. No people though. Not that he could see, or hear. Timers, he thought. They were probably bunkering it in some well-appointed basement, while keeping lights going on and off upstairs. At least that’s the sense he got. Still, he didn’t want to take the chance that someone might spot him, so he kept to the shadow as best he could.
Another shot, louder this time. Closer. Faster reverberation too. And another, which hit metal with an angry shriek that spun off into silence. Then nothing. Evening holding its breath again.
He concentrated on moving as silently as he could.
Two thirds of the way down this leg of the hedge, a gate onto the next house. He tried it. Opened without a sound. Used a lot then. Well oiled. Neighborly neighbors, is what he thought. Unusual. Well, perhaps not in these neck of the woods. Old money, old ties. Perhaps even related.
Harman-Karman stepped through and onto a third well-manicured lawn. Closed the gate behind him. It clicked into place with a sigh almost that said snug fit. Someone was taking well care of things around here. Probably the gardener.
He turned. Could see clear across this back yard, over to the next house. No tall hedge separating this one from the next, only a low, white picket fence. Huckleberry Finn sprung to mind out of absolutely nowhere; or was that Tom Sawyer? One of Twain’s boys. The fence, of course. White, so white it looked freshly painted. But then again, things were well tended around here.
And beyond Huck’s fence lay the large white house of Alwyn Moore’s.
He hugged the hedge and followed it around the back yard to the fence. Stopped. Listened.
Movements.
He moved up to and pressed himself against the trunk of yet another Oak. Younger. Trunk not wide enough to fully shield him.
He made himself as thin as possible, then bent slightly around it for a better view: Alwyn’s house.
Yes, more like a mansion than a house, a southern mansion. Chalkhill was right: Gone with the Wind, though not that large. The pillars were there, the veranda, extending down the side of and across the back, most likely going all the way around. It was a beautiful house. Graceful, stately.
And threatened.
Another shot. This time he saw a muzzle flash, light from the tiny bullet explosion. From an upstairs window. This bullet found grass. The soft thump of lead into earth. Were they shooting to kill or shooting to scare? They hadn’t hit anyone yet, that’s for sure; he’d heard no cries, and no one takes a bullet sound-lessly, at least not in his experience.
Then he realized what the stones were all about: barrels through glass, the guards getting ready, taking up positions. Why not just open the windows?
Two figures materialized from shadow by the corner of Alwyn Moore’s house. The Arrak men, dressed in dark fatigues—he assumed they were Arrak men, what else could they possibly be?—pressed themselves closely against the wall to stay out of site from the upstairs snipers. Leaning toward each other they whispered (in a language Harman-Karman could not make out) and pointed; by their gestures something about entering the house through an upstairs window, or—he realized after getting a better look—through the veranda French doors facing the backyard.
Harman-Karman had a clear view of the two men, who remained by the side of the house: good targets. Led partially by the hunting instinct now, partially by the beckoning face of Alwyn Moore, and partially by an odd sense of curiosity, he softly swung his pack off of his shoulders and onto the ground; fished out one of the Baraks along with its silencer; quietly checked the magazine, fifteen rounds; clicked it back into place (he could hear the well-oiled click, but he would wager that you couldn’t hear it a yard away; hats off to professional manufacturing standards); he screwed on the silencer, then weighed the gun in his right hand: Ch’ien Yung was right, it balanced perfectly, even with the silencer.
Could he do it? This was not target practice with Ch’ien Yung. These were men.
:
The question still lingering, he lowered the silencer onto this bent left arm for support and took aim. To main or to kill? It would have to be kill. These men were not there to maim, of that he was certain. They were there to kill. His Alwyn Moore.
It was like stepping into a cold shower: that decision to kill. Suddenly he was all alert to every detail. The two men, how they stood, still leaning in toward each other, conferring in their odd language, one of them looking up to his right now, as if trying to make out someone else, then back at his partner, saying something else, briefly scratching his left ear, neither of them facing him. Committed now, Harman-Karman slowly leaned against the tree to his left, the silencer still resting on his bent left arm, and then, still in the cold state of complete concentration took a deep breath, held it for a second, then slowly let it out as he squeezed the trigger twice: Once, a quick shift of the barrel a fraction to the left, and again. Less than a second between them: thud, thud.
They both fell to the ground, with small black holes, one in his temple, the other in his forehead, he noticed as they fell in slow, slow motion—or perhaps true, but for Harman-Karman everything had slowed.
And not a sound.
Then he inhaled again. A deep breath. He needed the air, something to fill the terrible void that had just opened: this was only the second time, second and third time, that he had killed someone. And the first time where killing had been premeditated.
He remained cold, still filled with icy concentration.
That left four, he thought, subtracting; four Arrak men to go.
Between him and Alwyn. Three plus the lookout. Or perhaps there were eight men between him and Alwyn: he had no idea how kindly her guards would take to his arrival.
Then all hell broke loose.
One of the remaining Arrak men, spotting his two downed mates, was sounding the alarm, well, screaming something which sounded to Harman-Karman as swearing in Albanian or something. The other two men came running (the fourth, the lookout, presumably still stationed in the car, his assigned job). The first man leaned back and pointed up at a second floor window, assuming—thank God—and making the other two assume as well, that they had been shot from inside the house.
One of them suddenly flung his semi-automatic from his shoulders into his hands, ran into the back yard and started firing indiscriminately at the upper floor windows. What remained of those panes rained glass onto the veranda, a glassy waterfall accented by the continued sputter of the one gunman who seem to have gone mad, firing almost blindly.
Harman-Karman was crouching now, by the tree, watching through the gaps of the picket fence. It didn’t give him a clear view, but it also kept him out of theirs. The semi-automatic was still sputtering, but by now the other two had begun screaming at him, presumably to stop.
Then number four showed as well, rounding the far side of the house, deserting his limo guard duty. Who wouldn’t at this point? Asking what the hell? in English. An American.
To no answers in any language.
Three quick shots from the house, Harman-Karman didn’t catch from where precisely, and two screams. The guards, he realized, were definitely shoot-to-maim. One of the men in black was clutching his knee while the other dropped his weapon and grabbed his arm. The third shot found dirt with a soft thud, and Harman-Karman saw the remaining figure hit the ground and roll away for cover, presumably unhurt. Should he?
Then he noticed the lookout. He had frozen at the last two shots, and now began to move backwards, one slow step after another. This, Harman-Karman realized, spelled trouble. This man, if anyone, would call for backup. He was expecting him to reach for a cell phone. But he didn’t. And didn’t. And still he moved backward, away from the lawn, and back toward the far end of the house. Harman-Karman assumed he must have left his cell phone in the car, or he would have called by now. Instead, he was still backing up, trying to stay as un-shot as possible. Still in view. Still not calling. Not even looking for the phone. In the car then. Then the man rounded the corner of the house and was out of sight.
Harman-Karman knew nothing about Arrak, but deduced that any group that sends six people to deliver on a threat has resources to spare and would stop at nothing. Scores would arrive if summoned. This man must not be allowed to call.
Harman-Karman (realizing that, as he too was dressed in dark fatigues, he could as easily get shot by the guards inside as by either of the two remaining Arrak men still in working order) silently donned his pack again, then moved as fast as he dared, semi-crouched along the picket-fence toward the street. He came to the end, where he cleared it onto Alwyn Moore’s front yard in a quick leap, and then cleared it again onto the sidewalk, now charging for the running lookout and the parked cars at full sprint.
The lookout yanked open the driver side door, and slipped inside before Harman-Karman could get a shot off.
The next shot—he could feel the air sing just to his left—hit the car, and Harman-Karman dove for the sidewalk; quickly rolled to his left and, he hoped, out of view of whomever was now firing.
Another shot, this also hit the car. The soft thump of bullet-proof glass, as the bullet hit, its power absorbed, and then fell to the ground.
Harman-Karman—in an inspired move—rose to a crouch, dashed around the back of the car, then, leaning against the driver side back door, shielded from the sniper at the house, fired two rounds toward the upper story of Alwyn’s house—hoping he wouldn’t hit anyone.
The man inside the car, noticing and mistaking him—as Harman-Karman had hoped—for one of the Arrak men, slid his window half-way down and turned toward him. Two quiet, wide-eyed seconds, then: “Who the hell are you?”
“To keep an eye on things,” Harman-Karman heard himself say.
“What?”
“I’m here to keep an eye on things.”
“Jesus,” said the man. Blond, surfer-type is as far as the gap in the window and the yellowish street light would go.
“You have two men down and two wounded,” said Harman-Karman.
“This is fucked up,” said the surfer cum lookout.
“Very,” said Harman-Karman. “You’d better call for back-up.”
“That’s for damned sure,” he said and fished around the front seat for his cell phone.
Harman-Karman, fresh off his second and third killings, felt the icy cold return. This man, this surfer boy here, meant to have Alwyn Moore killed. That was the overriding factor. That made his next move not only all right but necessary. And he slowly raised his Barak, still will the silencer, and fired once. Through temple and into brain, where the bullet scattered and killed instantly.
Surfer boy slumped forward and hit the wheel, and with it the horn, just like in the damn movies. For a couple of bewildering seconds Harman-Karman couldn’t locate the overwhelming noise, then realized what had happened, yanked open the door and reached in to pull the man back and away from the wheel. Abrupt silence. Then he pushed him over to the right, and he fell onto the passenger seat.
Two more bullets hit the car: one hit more glass, the other ricocheted off the roof and into night sky.
Lights were coming on in other windows, and curious and scared people in nearby houses were more than likely on the phone to police by now. Whether there were any to spare that would in fact show was another question, and one Harman-Karman had no intention to wait around to see it answered.
Another shot, this one from the back of the house, and next he heard someone scream from inside. That sort of scream that doesn’t complete itself as the screamer runs out of life before it has a chance to.
One of the guards.
So the one Arrak man he had seen spin away, apparently unhurt, was indeed alive and well and very professional by the sounds of it.
And, he prayed, cell-phone-less.
The three remaining guards would now longer aim to maim, he thought as he quickly dashed from the cover of the car to the hedged edge of the side walk. Unnoticed by the house. Guards probably with other things on their minds by now.
He caught his breath for a few moments, then looked up at Alwyn’s house. From this angle he could make out no movements in any of the windows, neither upstairs nor downstairs. And no sounds that he could pin down. Perhaps the moaning of hurt Arrak men, but nothing else. Crouching still he charged back up the sidewalk, then, diving, he cleared the low hedge onto the lawn of Alwyn Moore’s down-street neighbor. Rolled once, twice, three times as he landed and up against the very same hedge that after its right-angle turn also separated the two houses.
Here he caught his breath again, then peeked through the dark foliage onto the side of Alwyn’s house. He could detect no movement. He remained still for a minute, perhaps a little longer, listening hard and with focus.
He could hear the two downed Arrak men quite clearly, groaning from their wounds , one of them whispering something to the other, a question, an urgent one, like how badly are you hurt, or how the hell do we get out of here, something like that. Then the movement of someone coming his way the other side of the hedge: the third, the un-hurt Arrak man, moving fast now, with purpose, past him but not seeing him.
Then he stopped, looked over at the cars, where he either must have spotted the surfer, slumped over, or sensed something amiss, for he stood stock still for several breaths, as if trying to make up his mind about what he saw, or didn’t see, and about what to do next.
Harman-Karman lay very still. The tall man was not twenty feet away, and if his hearing was anything like Harman-Karman’s in heat, he would easily pick out Harman-Karman’s heart beat if he concentrated.
But he wasn’t concentrating on whom might be lying prone, hugging cold grass on the other side of the hedge, not twenty feet away, he was trying to ascertain what was going on with the cars, where was the driver, or why he couldn’t see him; then he turned, leaned back and surveyed the house, as if wondering how best to enter: eyeing the windows, the front door, and the small stairway that led down the side of the house to an outside basement entrance.
The man moved, and disappeared briefly down those stairs. Harman-Karman heard him try the door. It made hardly a sound, as if welded in place, meaning to Harman-Karman’s mind that what the man was testing was not so much a door as a fortification. He came back up the stairs, confirming: he wouldn’t get in that way.
Then he seemed to reach a decision and disappeared around the front of the house, out of Harman-Karman’s sight.
But there were other movements now. One of the two wounded men had struggled to his feet, and was now helping his mate up as well. Moaning, the both of them. And now, coming his way. One leaning on the other, and swearing—was Harman-Karman’s guess—in his strange tongue.
Harman-Karman remained prone. Still gazing through foliage, and here they came, un-shot at, apparently allowed by the guards inside to return to their cars alive.
The third man appeared again from the front of the house, met the two. Then a brief conference, pressed against the side of the house. Urgent words which Harman-Karman really wished he could understand.
The tall man nodded an agreement and did bring out a cell phone. Which he began to dial. Why he had not done this before, Harman-Karman could fathom; what he did know, however, was that there was now way he could allow him to do it now.
Turning all ice again, time slowed for him, and his aim was certain. Light pressure on the trigger, then resistance, then a deep breath, begin to let it out, slow pressure through the trigger resistance and the tall man sank to the ground, dropping the cell phone which bounced once on the bricked path, then clattered down the stairs to the basement door.
The two wounded men must have heard, they were not fifteen feet away. But neither of them turned, each too stunned at seeing what must have been their leader slump to the ground for no apparent reason. Except he was missing one eye, replaced with dark, gushing now.
This they noticed, and they—virtually in unison, not missed on Harman-Karman—spun around. And spotted him.
This was a dilemma. Does he kill these two men as well? Did they have cell phones? Who didn’t these days? The ice had left his system, at least for the moment, and he felt no compulsion (it’s so easy to make up one’s mind about compulsions—they come with the mind ready-made up for you) to kill them or harm them further. But what if? What if they did have cell phones and within minutes another couple of cars would appear?
:
The sudden sound of engines approaching from the north rendered the worry moot. Angry engines, large cars. Reinforcements, but whose? They parked in front of the house, he could see the tip of the first car, black and sinister, like a jaw.
He could see none of the second. The two men had a better view and then said something in their language which sounded like relief and this answered Harman-Karman’s question. Someone had called.
This brought the ice back into his veins, the ice of knowing exactly what to do. Killing these two would serve no purpose now, but getting farther out of sight would, and as quickly as he could he rose, then sprinted to the back of a rather lush yard, scaled the tall fence that separated this property from that on Milan Avenue. Landed on more grass, belonging to another mansion size house.
Much safer here. Trees. Oaks all of them. He climbed the one nearest to the fence, where he reached a good view of Alwyn Moore’s back yard.
Waiting now. Catching his breath. Realizing that he had just killed three men. Four. He had killed four men. With good reason, yes. And Seasonally, yes. But four nonetheless. He shuddered with this fresh knowledge where he crouched, wedged in between a thick rising branch and the rough trunk of what he now noticed—the prickly leaves gave it away—as a Coast Live Oak. None to happy to have him there, it seemed, but resigned to his presence for the moment.
There were no lights anywhere in Alwyn’s house that he could see, but he thought he noticed shadows move by the windows. Did they know what was coming? Did they know the Arrak cavalry had arrived?
He counted eight. Eight additional carriers of more foreign tongues. They assembled on the south side of the house, by where he had just been, talking in urgently hushed voices with the two injured men. Two of the new arrivals then helped their wounded comrades back to the cars and out of harms way. An engine sprung to life and one of the newly arrived cars pulled out and away. Harman-Karman spotted four shapes in it as it sped off, leaving six. Six men on a salvage mission. Professionals all, Harman-Karman had no doubt about that.
The next shot came from an upper window. Fired at what must have been a nearly impossible angle, it was nonetheless fired very accurately and found its mark: one of the six went down, as if all air suddenly simply left him.
A heap.
The remaining faces turned toward the sound then the little crowd scattered with such efficiency that within a breath or two Harman-Karman had trouble locating even a one. And the one he saw hugged the very same strip of lawn that he himself had clung to not five minutes ago.
All was very silent, but war had been declared, you could tell by the tension, as if the air, the trees, the hedges all knew, and now held their collective breath: a tense, war-filled silence.
:
Shattered by a loud voice. It took a while for Harman-Karman to realize it came from a bullhorn. That electrical edge to the voice. Nothing if not prepared, these people. Must have been heard for blocks, he thought, but that was relative to his own hearing, which was peaked now (and hurting a little from the onslaught of the accented voice): “We want the woman. That’s all we want. The woman.”
No answer from the house.
“Send the woman out and we will not attack.” The voice was coming from the front of the house. Harman-Karman could not see the speaker.
There was still no answer from the house.
“We will give you five minutes. Five minutes. Or we will fetch her.”
Odd use of “fetch,” thought Harman-Karman. Though grammatically correct. This was English the classroom way.
The response from the house—a burst of rapid fire—must, by the brief shrieks, have taken down at least a couple. They must be wearing night goggles, he thought.
There had been two short screams, more like sighs. Surely that meant. Which would make it four men remaining. Six minus two. Harman-Karman knew that he had to keep this math straight, or he would not see daylight. Makes four. Though there was no way Harman-Karman could be absolutely sure. The only one he could see remained the prone black figure the other side of the low hedge, and he was staying put, looking about from his low vantage point, trying, like Harman-Karman to assess damage.
This response apparently voided the five minute grace period, for the next move followed almost immediately, and it was not pretty.
Harman-Karman caught the movement. An arm, a flicker in the air, a grenade hit the French doors and exploded on impact. The flash revealed the full outline of the thrower, and ice returned to Harman-Karman’s veins. They would, he realized, make good on their promise to “fetch” Alwyn Moore, and that he could not condone. Spectator was not an option.
He steadied himself against the Oak’s trunk and took aim: carefully, deep breath, slow exhale, and “thwe” the silencer coughed and within a heart beat the grenade-thrower began his fall: deflated.
Makes three.
Harman-Karman shifted his aim to the prone figure by the hedge and fired. Twice to make sure.
Makes two.
Suddenly bark exploded into a fine rain by his right ear. Two inches way. Someone had spotted him. At this point the Oak had had just about enough of him and dropped him to the ground—later, Harman-Karman could never remember actually jumping out of the tree, his sensation was then, and would remain, being dropped, unceremoniously: as in gotten rid of.
He rolled once, gained his feet. Another shot hit the Oak that had just dropped him, and hit the very spot where he had been wedged, would in fact have killed him.
(Had the Oak saved him? This was one of the questions Harman-Karman came to ask in earnest off-Season, and upon ampler reflection; but the embryo of it surfaced at this very moment).
He darted to the right and behind another tree. Caught his breath. Adjusted his pack. Checked his Barka, and silencer, all in place.
The front room or garden room or whatever it was that the French doors opened into was burning now, and images of the convent sprang to mind. These were people who had killed two hundred some nuns. They were serious. And it suddenly felt just right that he had killed, several—no new number sprung to mind—of them.
A shadow crossed the reddish glow of fire, but too quickly for Harman-Karman to fire again. Next, with a single crack, a large man fell out of a second story window, very Hollywood like, shot from the ground, toppling over in the air before hitting the veranda deck, back first, with a loud thump, stone dead, blood making its way out of a small hole in his forehead. Good shot that. Harman-Karman looked around for the shooter. Could see none.
A second explosion, this one from the other side of the house, and he could see another shadow move. He aimed and fired. Caught him in the shoulder, but not well enough to stop him from turning round and open fire in his direction with a semi-automatic. Harman-Karman hit the ground at seeing the barrel making its half-circle toward him, and heard the staccato of irritated bullets just above where he now lay. Rolled to his left, and rolled again, and again, away, away.
He could see nothing from there. Behind a low wooden door. No gaps here. Crouched again, slipped farther to his left, to the very corner of the yard. They knew now. They know he was there. So, nothing rash. Rash would get him killed. Time to gather one’s wits.
Not that there was much time for that. Two grenades had hit the house, and it would soon be truly on fire. His guess was that both Alwyn, and her mom, if she, too, was in the house, were in the basement, which might or might not be fire-proof.
Were they to retriever her, the attackers would have to make it into the house before it truly caught fire. Or—he shuddered—did they mean to fry her alive? It was in keeping with their convent M.O.—an unpleasant thought.
He had a better view from here. The fire was gaining hold. One of the remaining two guards suddenly charged through the garden room from inside the house and jumped through flames and out onto the back lawn, semi drawn. He hit the ground, rolling, rolling out of view.
Harman-Karman crept along the tall fence separating the properties, and found a gate. Slipped through it and eased his way to the right, back toward the low hedge and Alwyn’s house. From here he could make out the man he had shot from the tree, lying where he himself had lain only recently. He crawled toward him, reached him, and surveyed things from there, through the cover of the hedge.
He spotted the guard, shielded now by the trunk of one of Alwyn’s oaks. Standing very still.
The new sound caught him before he saw anything. Latches, heavy with iron or steel and age. Working back and forth and not so very successfully. But where? Harman-Karman concentrated. There it was again. Down the side stairs, the other side of the basement side door. Coming out.
He hoped he was the only one hearing this. For a moment he stopped breathing and only listened, very focused now. Yes, definitely. Someone was working stiff latches the other side of a thick door. Alwyn, or her mom. Or the remaining guard.
Working the door harder now, actually swearing (yes, that was a man swearing, would have to be the remaining guard, unless—well he had no reason to suppose that there were no other people in the basement, some of whom could be male, of course), swearing and working, working, and there, finally, succeeding. The heavy door swung open on protesting hinges. That was loud enough to catch anyone’s attention, but apparently didn’t.
The first thing Harman-Karman saw was the top of a blond head. A large, blond, alert head. The remaining guard then. A careful peeking above the ledge face, looking around, checking the coast. Taking way too much time checking the coast, and that cost him his life.
Harman-Karman could only sense that the shot came from somewhere to his right. Not far from where the last guard stood. A good shot. Smack in the middle of blond forehead, and down he went, tumbling, laboriously, down a few steps, to rest against concrete. Someone screamed. Did not sound like Alwyn, probably her mother. Harman-Karman was waiting for a door to slam shut, but it did not. A dead guard in the way, was his conclusion. A much too-heavy-to-move dead guard.
Semiautomatic fire. The guard by the tree must have spotted the shooter and fired wildly in his direction. Not finding a target. No moans or shrieks. They were dealing with a professional, not remaining, even for an instant, in a place from which you have fired.
Flames. Louder now.
All quiet again, only flames.
Someone eased his way around the corner, favoring his shoulder. The man Harman-Karman had hit earlier. He stood still now, listening for his partner. Had he gone down with the machine gun fire? And where he stood: a still, good target. Harman-Karman picked him off with a well placed shot in the eye. The dead man fell with a rustle, as if into a pile of leaves; into a small bush by the side of the house, Harman-Karman confirmed.
The quiet returned. Only flames. Only the flames. He could hear sirens far off, but they seemed not to be headed this way. There were other fires, other emergencies. This was the Season.
Here, nothing moved. No one moved. Harman-Karman tried to make out the remaining guard again, but could no longer spot him.
Prone now, still beside the dead Arrak man, Harman-Karman, too, lay as still as he could, his blood cold and watchful.


::66::
“what’s he doing now?” the Juniper wanted to know.
The Canary Island Pine didn’t answer, and didn’t answer.
“What’s he doing now?” she asked again, peeved. Impatient for news.
The tall pine, intent on his observations, either didn’t hear or outright ignored her.
“Tell us.” Louder.
“Yes, please,” said Harry’s Pine. Not very loudly, nor impatiently. But with weight, pine to pine.
“He’s very still.”
“Hurt?” wondered the Chinese Elm.
“No. Just confused. Well, not confused either. Concerned. Concentrating. Looking. He is still cold. Very cold.”
“From killing,” said the Juniper.
“Yes,” said the tall pine.
“He had no choice,” said the Elm.
“He didn’t have to go,” said the Juniper.
“They don’t have all that much voice in the matter,” said Harry’s Pine.
“Still, he could have taken his burden elsewhere. Where he wouldn’t have to kill.” The Juniper was not happy with Harman-Karman.
“That face,” said the Elm. “He had no choice.”
“He could have found another face.”
“In this condition,” said Harry’s Pine. “Once a heart latches on to a face, it cannot let go.”
“Is that a fact?” said the Juniper, who did not like being contradicted in any way. It wasn’t really a question.
“I’m afraid it is,” said Harry’s Pine.
“Is that a fact,” she said again. This time definitely not a question.
“Yes it is,” said the tall pine.
“Yes, it is,” said the elm.
“No one asked you,” said the Juniper. Then to the tall pine, “What’s he doing now?”
“Still lying prone, looking, listening. Very cold. He’s ready to kill again if needed.”
“Will he find her,” the Juniper wants to know.
“He thinks so.”
She stirs, rustles, as if to shake a darkness. “He’s gone mad.”
“In a manner of speaking, yes,” agreed Harry’s Pine.
“And there’s nothing we can do?” asked the Elm.
“No, I’m afraid not.”
“You can’t talk to him?” asked the Juniper.
“No,” said Harry’s Pine. “He won’t hear me.”
“Why?”
“He doesn’t know he can hear us.”
“How would he know?”
“He would have to hear us.”
“But if he can’t until he knows?” she said.
“That is the problem, isn’t it?” said Harry’s Pine.
“Once they hear, they know,” said the tall pine. “Those who lived here before, years ago now, they at least were not convinced that they couldn’t hear.”
“What does that even mean?” asked the Juniper.
“It means that there were times they thought they could hear me. They didn’t rule it out.”
“But they didn’t know?”
“No, they didn’t know.”
“So they didn’t hear.”
“Not for certain, no.”
“Does your man hear?” asked the Juniper of Harry’s Pine.
“Not yet,” he answered.
“You sound like you expect him to,” said his taller cousin.
“I do.”
“Really?” said the elm.
“He knows, but does not yet know he knows.”
“That makes no sense either,” said the Juniper.
“Perhaps not. But it is nonetheless true.”
“What’s the difference between he doesn’t know and he knows but doesn’t know that he knows?” she wanted to know. And right away at that.
Trees don’t sigh per se. They just shiver ever so slightly. It’s a faint ripple from the topmost branch all the way through to the deepest roots. Harry’s Pine sighed in just that way. It’s not a sigh of impatience, or of sadness, or of anything, as much as simple—though perhaps unwilling—acceptance that this is how things—and others—are, just now.
And then he said, “Perhaps it would be better to say that he knows, and almost knows he knows. He knows. That is, this knowing is present and he senses this presence, like your upper branches sense your roots, although this presence has yet not risen all the way.”
“All my branches sense my roots,” said the Juniper, sounding slightly offended.
“Of course they do. Now. But there was a time, wasn’t there, when they did not.”
And, since trees are truthful, and since the Juniper was a tree, she had to admit that yes, there was a time when her branches, young and free and swaying in air, had no idea, didn’t care one iota for, could not sense, that roots existed. And that she, in fact, had some.
“Do you remember when you first noticed your roots?” asked Harry’s Pine.
The Juniper fell silent for some little time, then said, “I see what you mean.”
“Harry has yet to discover that he has roots.”
“I see,” she said again.
“I don’t see,” said the elm.
“You probably don’t have any roots,” said the Juniper.
“That’s not a very nice thing to say,” said Harry’s Pine.
“Sorry,” said the Juniper, and to her surprise meant it. “And now?” she said, to their observer.
“He remains very still. He is very cold.” Then the tall pine fell quiet.
“And now?” the Juniper wanted to know after only two moments of silence.


::67::
And now something moved.
Harman-Karman froze and absorbed harder; at first unsure whether what had moved had moved by sight or by hearing.
There it was again. By his hearing: a sound with purpose. A shifting something heavy at the bottom of the short set of stairs leading down to the basement. With effort. That was the only motion.
And again. Followed by the soft curse of a well-known voice. It belonged to Alwyn Moore; trying to shift the dead guard, Harman-Karman was certain of that now. Was she going to surface? By the guard’s attempt to do so it may not be an inspired idea.
Harman-Karman surprised himself by moving, and quickly at that.
Across the low hedge in one leap and over to the stairway in another. Three, four, five, bullets carved speedy tunnels in the air behind him. Was it the damn guard shooting? Or the remaining Arrak man? He had no way of telling. He landed on the third step down, slipped on blood, and slid into a stunned Alwyn Moore.
“What the . . .?”
Fell into her, pushing her back into the basement. Harman-Karman, now tripping over the dead guard and losing what little balance he had retained, followed her, first flailing, then falling into the dark room.
“Who the . . .?”
He lay still for a breath or two, left knee suddenly on fire. He stretched his leg. It worked. A bruise then. Stretched it again: nothing twisted or broken. He collected himself, sat up, seeing better now, eyes adjusting to the musty darkness, softened by a door at the far end of that room, or was it a corridor, where a light shone, and from where he could hear someone moaning.
Alwyn Moore came alive. She had not fallen. She was training a gun on him.
“Who the fuck are you?” she wanted to know.
“Not Arrak,” he had the presence of mind to answer immediately. “And please, aim that thing somewhere else.”
“Who are you?”
“Harman-Karman.”
“Harman-Karman?”
“Yes.”
“Harman-Karman what?”
“Selby.”
“Harman-Karman Selby?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Who are you?” She asked again. “Who the hell is Harman-Karman Selby?”
Quite a question.
“A fan,” was the best he managed. The stupidity of which stung him.
“Oh, fuck,” she said. “That’s all I need.”
“Look,” said Harman-Karman, stupid or not. “Your house is burning.”
“I know.”
“Is that your mother?” he asked, looking toward the open door at the far end of the room, leading to a corridor of sorts.
His concern seemed to mollify her somewhat. She did lower the gun, but did not relax her arm beyond that. Harman-Karman, still very cold and focused knew that a wrong move would bring it right up and that her finger would not hesitate to pull the trigger.
“Yes,” she said.
“How’s she holding up?”
“What do you think?” she said. “How would she hold up? With her house on fire and everybody shooting at each other in her back yard.”
“One way of putting it,” said Harman-Karman at which he actually detected the beginning of a mile. So, she did have a sense of humor. He knew it. Then he said. “We have got to get out of here.”
“I know.”
Then Harman-Karman heard footsteps; approaching the basement stairs, and trying to do so as quietly as possible. Whomever this was reached the stairs and swore at what he saw. The guard then, spotting his colleague. He took a first step down for a closer look.
Harman-Karman held up his hand, signaling for Alwyn Moore to stay quiet, please, someone’s coming. Now she could hear him too, and her face turned in the direction of the open basement door, unclosable for the dead guard.
Another step down, slow, slow, and another. Then all the way down, and a head, peering into the darkness, not seeing much. And other steps now, running, approaching fast. Ah, shit. The guard, not with Harman-Karman’s hearing, finally heard too and his head spun around just in time to get shot. Stunned, the face registered the weapon, the impact, the end.
He toppled backwards, hit his head, dead by now, and already bleeding out of two holes, on the concrete wall, then slumped down on top of his dead mate.
Alwyn Moore drew breath to scream, but nothing emerged. She tried again, but her throat no longer functioned. Neither did the rest of her. She could not move, could not look away. Could not speak.
“What was that Alwyn?” The voice from the corridor. A scared, worried, sick, weak, voice. “Have they come?”
Harman-Karman had no idea who “they” might be. The cavalry?
“Has who come?” he said to Alwyn.
She looked at him as if she had never seen him before, as if trying to relate him to the dead persons one on top of the other not ten feet away.
“Are you expecting reinforcements?” Harman-Karman asked.
“Who are you talking to Alwyn?” asked the voice from the doorway. “Is there someone there with you?”
She finally found her voice. “A man,” she said. “A man I don’t know.” And to Harman-Karman, “I have no idea.”
“Don’t let him in,” said her mother, still only a voice to Harman-Karman.
“He’s already in, Mom,” she said.
Her mom didn’t answer.
“You are not with them?” she looked at Harman-Karman, trying to ignore the dead men. An effort.
“Arrak?”
“Yes.”
“No.”
“Well, that’s some thing,” she said, and Harman-Karman could hear something of the normal, unshocked Alwyn Moore returning.
“You’ve got to get out of here,” he said.
“My thought exactly.”
“Is you mother ill?”
“Hysterical,” she answered, as if that explained everything.
“Can she move?”
“Oh yes. She can move all right.”
Movement again. Steps, soft and stealthy, one, then the other, closer and closer to the top of the stairs. Harman-Karman held up his hand for Alwyn Moore to be quiet. She froze again, knowing now that his hearing was reliable, expecting the worst by the looks of her.
“Who is he?” wanted the voice from the doorway to know.
Neither answered.
Another soft step reaching, and another, very slowly, deliberately, onto the first step down, then the next, then a pause, then the next.
Harman-Karman moved toward the door, careful to keep in shadow, reached the wall to the left of the opening, pressed against it and sidled toward the door. Could see stairs, could see feet. Black boots, fatigues, that now froze, stock still, as if they too were listening. And then Harman-Karman simply knew: this man had his hearing, had heard him approach the door, could hear him lean against the wall, could hear him breathe, could hear his heart, racing now, same as Harman-Karman could hear his breath, his heart doing the not racing of a seasoned professional.
There would be no surprising this man.
As if to oblige with a confirmation the still feet disappeared, not so softly but very swiftly up the stairs, back onto dirt, onto grass and then still again, hiding now in aural shadow.
“Who is he? Why don’t you answer me, Alwyn?”
Harman-Karman didn’t even bother to ask Alwyn Moore to shut her mother the fuck up. What did it matter who he was? The woman was making far too much noise. Not that it mattered either.
There was still one to go, and he had probably called for reinforcement already. They did not have much time, that was the awful bottom line. Against a marksman that could almost hear him think.
Jesus.
Harman-Karman pulled back from the wall and into the room. Alwyn Moore was pulling back too, toward the open door, the light, her hysterical mother.
“He’s gone?” she asked.
“For the moment.”
“Arrak?”
“Definitely.”
“How many?” she asked.
“Just him,” said Harman-Karman, “but I’m sure he’s called for others.”
She nodded.
“You all right?” he asked.
“Yes.”
Her mother screamed her name several times.
“Is there another way out of here?” he asked.
“No,” she answered, knowing what he meant.
“No other way?” he said again, as if asking twice would change things.
“No,” she said again. “We can’t go upstairs. It’s on fire.”
He was still cold, still running chilled blood through his heart, and he noticed—first without amazement, then with—that he, for the moment, in this stillness, in this chill, was free of the Storm. Alwyn Moore, the object of his desire, the adopted reason for his hunting, living, life, only feet away, did not race his heart, did not fuel his erection—which, and this was amazing, was gone, did not overwhelm him with need.
The stillness in which he found himself shielded him from the Storm, crystallized everything, and made him say, just to make absolutely sure, for the answer to this question was crucial: “There are no other ways out? No windows? No cellar doors? No vents? Nothing?”
“No. This is the only way out now,” she said, looking over at the door.
Sitting ducks was the unpleasant phrase that came to Harman-Karman’s mind. Even if there was now only the one Arrak man left, getting out of the basement alive, over the two dead guards and up the stairs, with Alwyn Moore and her hysterical mother be nearly, if not completely impossible considering the man’s hearing and amply demonstrated marksmanship.
Then again, what options were there? Others would arrive soon, that much was a certainty, and when they did, with no guards still alive that he could figure, they, to put it bluntly, were as good as dead.
And then he heard it, clearly, the beeping tones of someone punching in numbers on a cell phone, probably just around the front of the house, and that was the opening, the one opening they actually had.
He ran to the door, leaped over the two dead guards and scaled the stairs in three quick steps. Pressed himself against the wall (warm, though not burning yet) and now heard the voice of the caller. Hoarse, urgent, and—a good sign—afraid. Fear bleeds through in any language
Harman-Karman. He raised his gun, walked to the edge of the house, turned, faced the startled Arrak man, cell phone still to his hear, semi-automatic slumped and pointing to the ground. And fired. Twice.
Though the last shot never happened—number sixteen—number fifteen did the job. Harman-Karman’s looked at the dead man, still clutching the cell phone, a small voice now making its way out of it, demanding, he assumed, to know what was going on.
Harman-Karman turned and ran down the stairs, again slipped on blood, stepped on one of the guards but landed inside the basement still on his feet. Spotted Alwyn Moore after a second of adjusting to the new darkness. “Get you mother,” he said. “Now.” And when she did nothing of the sort for a fraction of a second, he repeated, almost screamed, “Now.”
To her credit, Alwyn Moore did not question him, did not take offense, but hearing the urgency in his voice, ran toward the lit door, and within seconds returned with a woman that was smaller than her voice. Saying “What, what, what?” and resisting her daughter’s pulling her. “Mrs. Moore,” said Harman-Karman.
The old woman looked at him, unsure, scared.
“Mrs. Moore.”
“Yes,” finally.
“We have to get out of here, now.”
With that he took her arm and virtually lifted the woman out the door and over the guards and placed her on the third step up, beyond the slippery blood. “Come on,” he sad to her daughter, just behind him.
The mother remained where Harman-Karman had place her. “Move,” he yelled at her. “Now.” This was a woman who didn’t like being bossed around, and Harman-Karman was amazed to notice that she’d object, and actually refuse to move, even in a situation like this. Shook his head, grabbed her around the waist and carried her up the steps. Alwyn Moore followed immediately behind.
“We have to get away from here.”
Alwyn Moore nodded that she understood. Her mother frowned and was very displeased at having been manhandled by a stranger. Even so, he grabbed her right arm, and as if on cue her daughter took her left, and quickly they steered her toward the streets and escape.
The sound that caught Harman-Karman’s ear returned all the ice to his blood. The last Arrak man was still alive, and the sound he heard was his weapon being raised, with effort, with whatever strength was left in him, the final effort.
“Down!” he yelled to the two women, and tried to drag the mother with him as he hit the dirt. Alwyn Moore hit the ground at about the same rate as Harman-Karman, but her mother had had just about enough of this badly behaved bossy nobody stranger, and would not drop on command. Would do nothing of the sort, would do it in her own good time. And that was the last hesitation she’d ever manage.
The dying Arrak man only managed four or five rounds. Then, whether he ran out of ammunition or out of life, the shooting stopped. But not before two or three of his brief and final salvo had hit Mrs. Moore, and killed her standing up. She slumped into a small pile between them, and at first Alwyn Moore had no idea. “Good,” she said to her mom. “That wasn’t so damn hard now, was it?”
But Harman-Karman knew. He had heard the soft thud-thuds as the bullets hit the older woman, and had heard the gasp, that rattle of wind in lungs which is air leaving for the last time. He knew the woman was dead, and saw that Alwyn Moore had no idea.
“Is he dead?” she asked. Referring to the Arrak man.
“I believe so,” said Harman-Karman, then looked back toward the house, saw the slumped man, his weapon dropped to his right. “Yes,” he said, confirming it.
“Okay mom, we’ve got to get a move on,” she said to the dead woman.
“Miss Moore,” he said.
“Mom,” she said. “Mom. Come on, get with it.”
“Miss Moore,” he said, and the mixture of urgency and regret in his voice finally caught her ear and she looked up at him, and then actually looked at her mom, black spreading from three wounds, warm and glistening in the angry light of the fire, now gaining a final hold on the front of the house as well.
“Mom!” she screamed this time, and seized her head, forced her to face her, screamed again, “Mom! Look at me. Look at me, damn it!” But her mom would not comply. Stayed dead, and that very famous face looked up from her mother’s and found Harman-Karman’s, pleading for whatever it was that he had to do to make things right.
He could only shake his head, as if to himself, slowly. There’s nothing we can do.
She looked back down at her mom, and looked, and looked.
“Miss Moore,” he said. “We have to leave now.”
She finally looked back up. “We can’t leave her.” It was said like a question.
“We don’t have a choice. We have to. More Arrak people will arrive any minute.” And having said that Harman-Karman heard engines and tires not three blocks away, coming closer. “We have about fifteen seconds,” he said, and this with the same urgent finality that Alwyn Moore had already recognized as reliable. Harman-Karman reached over and grasped her arm. Stood up, with her. Ran. She followed.
Instead of heading for the street, however, where cars would soon appear, he raced for the low hedge to the left, and clear it in one leap. Alwyn Moore followed, stumbled, but he caught her.
Once on the other side they ran around the back of that house and for the next hedge, which Harman-Karman cleared too in a leap. Alwyn Moore, however, had trouble with it, too wide. Harman-Karman, again, helped her.
The protesting tires now reached the top of Avon place, loudly enough for Alwyn Moore to hear them as well as they ran for the back of this new, surprisingly large, back yard and toward the house facing Milan Avenue, separated from the expansive lawn only by a low picket fence, same style as the ones he had already negotiated a few times up the street. He spotted a gate, and they used it; then ran around the side of the house. It was well lit but there were no people in the windows that Harman-Karman could see.
Trees here. He stepped close to one of the wide trunks and indicated for Alwyn Moore to follow suit, masking themselves with the tree’s dark and overhanging shadow. Who knows, there might be yet other Arrak cars, circling the block by now, looking for them. He thought this unlikely, but everything so far had been unlikely, and it had all happened, so.
After they had both caught their breaths, Harman-Karman finally found the presence of mind to say, “I’m sorry,” and really mean it. “About your mom.”
She looked up at him through the dim light, as if trying to make her mind up about something; this something then descending on a side in his favor, she said, “Thank you.”
Sirens now, far off. Then closer. Then closer still. Police or fire engines, he wondered.
“Fire engines,” said Alwyn Moore, as if she had heard his question.


::68::
“And what now?” asked the Juniper. “What are they doing now?”
“They’re waiting. Listening and waiting. Under a Camphor Tree, by the looks of it.”
“A Camphor Tree?” said the Camphor Tree two houses down.
“It is not polite to listen in on conversations,” said the Juniper to this new intruder.
“Did you say under a Camphor Tree?” said the Camphor Tree as if the Juniper hadn’t said a thing.
“Yes,” said the Canary Island Pine.
“Good tree to be hiding under,” said the Camphor.
“As good as any,” said the Juniper.
“He is fine?” wondered Harry’s Pine.
“So far as I can tell,” said his Canary Island cousin.
“And the woman?”
“Shaken, and numb.”
“Her mother,” said Harry’s Pine.
“Yes.”
“He’s killed so many of his own,” said the Elm, as if surfacing, gravely troubled by this fact, which he was.
“He couldn’t help it,” said the Juniper, coming to Harman-Karman’s defense. Not that the Elm was accusing him particularly. Just concerned.
“I know,” he said.
“They go crazy,” she explained.
“I know,” he said. Too concerned about Harman-Karman to mind the unnecessary and somewhat pointed explanation.
“They can’t help themselves once the Season arrives,” she amplified for his benefit.
This he did mind. “I know,” he said.
“It will hurt him,” said Harry’s Pine. “Once the Season’s over and he realizes the magnitude of so much death.”
“She’s right though,” said the Canary Island Pine. “He did not have much choice. It was kill or be killed.”
“Even so,” said Harry’s Pine. “It will catch up with him, and it will hurt.”
“So many,” said the Elm, almost in wonder.
“They’re moving again,” said the Canary Island Pine. “Running this way, I would say.”
“And the cars? Do they know?” asked the Juniper.
“Cars don’t know,” said the Elm.
“The people in the cars.”
“I can’t tell,” said the Canary Island Pine. “He is running. He can hear the people from the cars shouting things at each other. But he also hears the fire engines now, they’ve arrived at the burning house, and they’ve begun to pour water on the flames.”
“Are they safe?” wondered the Elm.
“I can’t tell. He’s very worried. They are both running hard, and yes, definitely in this direction.”
“Back to here?” said the Juniper.
“Would be my guess, yes.”
“To hide,” said the Elm.
“Of course, to hide,” said the Juniper.
“You’re lucky,” said the Camphor Tree, apropos of nothing.
“What do you mean?” said the Juniper.
“Excitement,” said the Camphor. “Things happening with your people. Mine. Oh, they should be in a geriatric ward somewhere. They just flush a little, that’s it. Nothing else.”
“Perhaps you’re the lucky one,” said Harry’s Pine, and not necessarily kindly.
“That’s all they do,” said the Camphor, as if he had already given a full description. “Sitting, watching their television, commenting back and forth.”
“Just like us then,” said Harry’s Pine.
This brought an odd silence among the trees, none of them certain whether he had just made a caustic joke or a delivered a scathing comment on their activity. Nor did he bother to explain.
“I don’t know about that,” muttered the Juniper finally.
“Still running,” said the Canary Island Pine.


::69::
They were running.
Harman-Karman, who did take care of himself reasonably well, and who was in what would pass as good shape, did fine at this pace, but Alwyn Moore, not as exercise-minded, was wearing down, and fast.
“We’ve got to,” she managed. But when he neither answered nor stopped, she said no more, and used what little lung capacity remained for running. Two more lawns, a couple of more fences, each one harder and harder to cross. Her lungs aching, burning, her legs weak, liquidy by now. Shaking.
“We’ve got to,” she tried again. He turned and looked at her, but without really slowing down.
“I’ve got to,” she said. And stopped. Leaning over, her hands on her knees. Breathing quickly and hard. Head handing down. Then looking back up at Harman-Karman, the perspiration on her forehead glistening with reflected streetlight.
“We don’t have too far now,” he said.
“I have to rest,” she said.
He looked around. “Okay,” he said. “Over here,” and moved over to a towering oak, lots of shadow. She slowly made her way over to where he stood. Then slumped down, back against the trunk. Working her lungs hard still.
“I think we’re okay,” he said, “but you can’t be sure.”
She didn’t answer.
“They were really serious about getting to you,” he said.
She nodded.
“I’m sorry about your mom,” he said again.
She looked up at him, but said nothing. As the icy stillness that had served him well over the last, what? hour?, quietly seemed to remove itself—as if evaporating into the leafy overhang—Harman-Karman found her face incredibly beautiful; so gently carved in the half shadow half light of mercury streetlamps and overhanging branches.
His erection—returning, now, as if making up for lost time—spoke a different, cruder language, but agreed wholeheartedly.
He looked around, to put his attention elsewhere, tried to read the name on the street sign to his far right; made it out: Elliot Drive. He got his makeshift street map out, and confirmed: “We don’t have far now.”
A car, not a black one, drove up South Oak Knoll Avenue, but too slowly for comfort. As if scouting the area, looking for someone. Harman-Karman slid down the trunk to sit beside Alwyn Moore, shoulders touching, his jolted by the contact. She did not seem to react at all, which did not go unnoticed. Obviously, her mind elsewhere, you wouldn’t expect.
He slowly rose again, just in time to see the car, the same car he was pretty sure of that—he would have to pay better attention, damn it—come down Oak Knoll, at the same slow speed, in the same suspect manner. He slid back down, slowly as not to draw attention, even though he was pretty sure he could not be seen from the car.
Some of the icy stillness returned, “I think that’s them.”
Again, she said nothing, only looked at him. “We’d better stay here for a while,” he added.
She nodded that she had hear and understood.
“You were close?” he asked after a while.
“Yes,” she said. “Yes, and no. We were close, then not so. But we were finding each other again.” She hesitated, as if deciding whether to tell him, or whether to speak at all. Then went on. “I guess I was finding her again, I don’t think she ever lost me. She didn’t seem like she had. She called every Friday. Nine o’clock. Every Friday. Even when I wouldn’t speak to her. Every Friday. For years. Messages. In the end I made sure I was home to take the calls. That’s how she reeled me in.” Then stopped.
“Reeled you in?” said Harman-Karman.
“That’s how it felt at the time. I saw myself an escaped fish or something, that she was casting for, every Friday at nine o’clock. Amazing tenacity.”
Harman-Karman felt himself a little out of his depth here. This was not his strong suite, heart-to-hearts. But he wanted to know. “You had a falling out?”
She was looking down at her feet, still breathing harder than normal. “Not per se. Well, yes, you might call it that. She had plans for me, that differed from mine.”
“Differed from your own plans for you?” he asked, knowing with some portion of his awareness that he did not normally employ, that he was asking the right question. It earned him a quick glance from her.
“Precisely. I was to be a singer, or a pianist cum singer, I was never certain what her precise image was, how she saw me. I don’t think it really mattered to her so much, as long as I was in the spotlight.”
“Well, you certainly made it as far as the lights go.”
“That I did.” Then, after a brief pause. “She was very happy about that. As if her plans had worked out in the end, after all.”
“You still play?”
“The piano?”
“Yes.”
“On occasion.”
“And you sing.”
“Even less frequently.”
“No plans then,” he said, “in that direction?”
“Heavens no.” She didn’t laugh precisely, a chuckle perhaps, at some personal view of things.
“Are you, involved?”
Harman-Karman could literally have shot himself for that. This was not a question he had meant to ask, it was more like an erect wondering which he had not managed to quash in time. And it earned him a curious, not very friendly glance.
“I’m not sure that’s any of your business. Sir.”
“No, I’m sorry. Of course not.”
“But as it happens,” she added, “no.”
“No time for that, huh?”
“Something like that.”
“It happens,” he said, as if he knew what he was talking about.
“What happens?”
Harman-Karman realized—and realized that she should have known—that this woman had no problems posing questions. “You know, work takes over, becomes everything.”
“Especially when you’re a successful black woman?”
That had a bite to it. “That is not what I meant.” And that was the truth.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “But I do get that, a lot.”
“In a way, I guess I do too,” he said.
“And what do you do, Mister Selby?”
“Harman-Karman, for crying out loud.”
“Harman-Karman,” she said. “And, Alwyn,” she added, and extended a quite formal hand, which he took and shook.
“Alwyn,” he said. “Nice name.”
“Harman-Karman,” she said. “Odd name.”
“I know.” Then, added. “Advertising.”
She glanced at him again. Nodded. But did not comment further.
“So, what do you do, I mean, what do you like doing, you know, when you’re not working?” He, on the other hand, did have problems posing questions, apparently. Then he added quickly, “Or does your work indeed take up all your time?”
“Indeed,” she said, as if tasting it. Not to ridicule, just to taste.
“Indeed,” he said, which he had intended to follow with something else, which now escaped him utterly.
“Work does takes up most of it, to be sure,” she said. “But what time I can wrestle free, I like to spend writing.”
“Fiction?”
“Yes.”
“Stories?” He looked at her, her soft and shadowy profile, genuinely interested.
“Yes. Short stories. And novels. I start novels.”
He didn’t answer for so long, that she repeated her reply.
“I’ve dabbled,” he finally said, not sure why. He made it sound like an admission, which it was. It was not a thing he told others about, as a rule. Harry, yes, but he was probably the only one who knew that he harbored literary ambitions, if you could call them that. Dreams most likely the better word.
“Seriously?” she wondered.
“Dabble seriously?” he asked.
“I know. Oxymoron,” she said, and he could feel, more than see, that she smiled as she said it.
“I don’t know,” he said. “I don’t know how serious you can get—or can allow yourself to get—about something so nebulous.” Again, he surprised himself. Both that he actually managed to phrase this concern of his—and it was a concern, had always been a concern down there beneath it all, and this: the way he had just put it, was precisely the concern; and also that he had let those words escape, and told her. All very odd.
“That’s pretty much up to you, isn’t it?” she said.
“Is it?” he said.
“Why, yes.” She turned to face him. “Why wouldn’t it be?”
Good question. “For one,” he begun. “No one makes any money at it nowadays.”
“So?”
“For two,” he paused. “For two, you need readers.”
“True.”
“Or do you?” He looked up through the thick foliage of the oak, and was surprised to spot a star through that near black canopy. “I’ve kept a journal for most of my life,” he said, as much to the oak and the star as to Alwyn Moore. “No one’s ever read it, but me. And to be honest, I don’t even read what I have written very often. But I sure enjoy the writing.”
“I think you do,” she said. “I mean, I think you need readers. If you have something to tell, I think you need someone to tell it to, or it’s not a telling.” Then she fell silent, emphatically so, as if struck by something. Her mother, Harman-Karman thought. Her mother.
He did the right thing again, he felt, by not saying anything. By shutting up. By in a way acknowledging her silence, her grief. Or was it too early to grieve? Had it really sunk in yet? How could it have, so soon? Only minutes. He rose to a half crouch to get another view of the street. Other cars, two of them, neither of which seemed to look for people hidden beneath oaks.
But he spotted another type of bad news: a lone hunter, on the other side of Oak Knoll. Scenting, looking around, testing the air again, and suddenly Harman-Karman realized that Alwyn Moore, of course, was emanating, spreading scent around. And strongly at that.
And this is what the man across the street had caught, for now he turned and turned, looking for the source, and now looked in their direction, and stepped off the curb to cross the street. At this Harman-Karman rose full length, and walked to over to the edge of the lawn facing Oak Knoll, where he stepped into plain view, gun suddenly and reflexively in hand—he wasn’t even aware of having fished it out. The hunter spotted him and as always happens in these situations took rapid inventory: his own capabilities and equipment versus the opponent’s. Harman-Karman knew (with some pride) that he cut an impressive figure in his black fatigues, and was not surprised to see the other man softly shake his head and turn down Oak Knoll again. Had it been a team, however—Harman-Karman shivered slightly at the thought. They were not safe, far from it; they needed to move again.
He turned back to the tree, and his charge, looking up at him as he returned.
“What was it?” she asked.
“A hunter.”
“Gone?”
“Going.”
“Thanks,” she said.
“We have to get moving again,” he said, and offered her his hand to help her up. Which she looked at, then took, then pulled on to heave herself upright. “Ouch,” she said, stretched her back. “I’m not in very good shape.”
“No matter,” he said. No matter? Where the hell did that come from? “We’re only a few blocks away. As the crow flies, it’s not more than a mile. But we have to avoid the streets.”
“Of course,” she said.
“And keep our eyes out for teams.”
And as if she, too, suddenly realized that additional danger, she shivered slightly. Nodded. “Will do.”
They would have to cross Oak Knoll, there was no way around that, but Harman-Karman motioned for her to stay back while he took a better look, up and down the normally busy street. Two more cars, and a third. Intent on getting to where they were going, not prowling—that’s the impression they gave him. A couple, hurrying about two blocks down, for their house, or for safety of some sort. Another lone hunter, several houses north, scenting, but not looking in their direction. Safe enough. Two teens, not hunters, but still scenting, laughing, heading their way, then turned up into a driveway.
Clear. He waved for her to follow, then he stepped out on the sidewalk, and with Alwyn Moore closely behind, ran across the street, onto the opposite sidewalk, turned north and then right into a paved driveway leading them past the side of a large yellow house. He could hear people moving about inside, but no lights were on. Once past the house and in another lush backyard he stopped, waiting for his charge to catch up.
They negotiated several variously hedged and fenced yards, moved quickly across first Hillcrest Avenue, then Canon Drive, then several other well manicured lots. In each house they quietly passed, Harman-Karman could hear activity, mainly in basements, owners bunkering for the Season, but other than that, they saw no one else.
:
This changed at Kewen Drive. It was Alwyn Moore who spotted the first one. They had just skirted three sprawling houses to find a clear path to the street—the fences here were more like walls, high and meant to keep people out, Harman-Karman imagined broken glass liberally sprinkled along their tops, though he could not see any.
As he stepped out on Kewen Drive, he looked to his left.
Alwyn Moore just behind him, glanced to the right, and caught the man looking straight at her, and not only looking but recognizing.
It was Harman-Karman who heard her name whispered, urgently, look guys, Alwyn Moore, over here. Over there, pointing with his voice.
Then he turned, in time to see two more hunters clear the corner to join the man pointing, arm and finger now. Look. There. Alwyn Moore.
This was not good news. Harman-Karman heard the three hunters huddle and without much discussion—the only objection, the only obstacle really, was Harman-Karman, soon dismissed, hell, we’re three, he’s alone—decide to go for it. Not only was she someone in heat, she was a good looking, famous someone in heat; ripe for the plucking was the term one of them used.
Oh, this was bad news. Very.
“Are they?” she whispered.
Harman-Karman nodded. “Yes. I’m afraid so.”
She looked around. For what, Harman-Karman wasn’t sure. It wasn’t as if there were going to be patrolling police to call on, or other help to be gotten. No ordinary citizen—unless in a team larger than the opposition—would meddle with a team of hunters, no matter what they did. Self-preservation still ranked highly, Season or no Season.
“There’s no one,” she said. Resigned confirmation.
“There’s you, and there’s me,” said Harman-Karman. It came out rather philosophically, something he had not intended. She eyed him skeptically. “And that’s all there’s going to be,” he added. “Can you fire a gun?”
She shook her head. “No. Not really. I tried once. For a story. Didn’t much care for it. No good at it.”
He grabbed her arm and pulled her back off of the sidewalk and onto a wide, moist lawn. And farther, toward an impressive tree that looked like a weeping willow but which turned out to be a Montezuma Cypress. Good cover. Harman-Karman slid to the ground and unshouldered his backpack. Alwyn Moore slid down beside him. The low-hanging branches almost shielded them from view. Almost. She said something which Harman-Karman didn’t catch, intent on fishing out the ammo. Found it and quickly topped up the one Barka he had used, and then brought out the other, which he checked as well, yes, fully loaded. That made it thirty rounds between them. She said her thing again, “They’re coming.”
Instead of answering, Harman-Karman handed her the second Barka. “It’s not all that hard,” he said. “You aim, and you fire. It’s got a bit of a recoil, be prepared for that, but it doesn’t pull in any particular direction, just kicks back. Hold it steady, aim for their bodies—if anything, aim a little low, the kick will lift the path—squeeze the trigger. It’s not hard.”
She hesitated before she took the gun from him. Frowned. Like the weapon was something alive and not to be trusted. “Listen, Alwyn,” he said, “it’s either us or them. These men have only the one thing in mind, and nothing short of a bullet will stop that.” This was true—and he knew that—and he did his best to make sure that she saw it the same way.
She did.
She nodded. This time nervously. Kept looking back toward the street. Harman-Karman’s eyes followed hers. She was right, here they came.
With any luck this would be a very short fight. Harman-Karman knew that he would effectively injure, or kill, one of the three, and if Alwyn Moore could at least injure one of the remaining two, the third would surely see the wisdom of flight, and if not, he was fairly certain he would be able to pick him off as well. “I’ll take the one on the left,” he whispered. “You aim for the guy to the right. Anywhere, just make sure you hit him.”
She nodded again. Swallowed, or tried to. He could hear her effort. She tried to swallow again, not very successfully. “Take your time,” he said. “Relax, take aim. Take a deep breath, hold it, then let it out slowly as you squeeze.”
The three hunters approached slowly, but confidently. Without Alwyn Moore he would have fired already, probably twice, and it was probably that lack of gunfire that assured the attackers that—Harman-Karman’s outfit notwithstanding—they were not armed, at least not lethally.
“On three,” he whispered. “One, two . . .”
Alwyn Moore’s unfamiliarity with guns, and her nervousness combined to make her miss. Made her fire early and hurriedly, and made her arm recoil sufficiently to shift her into Harman-Karman. Not a push, but sufficient contact to pull his shot out of true, making him miss too.
The three hunters reacted almost instantly, scrambled for cover, and before he could get another shot off, there was nothing to shoot at. Part empty sidewalk, part empty street. Doors shutting somewhere in the house behind them. Shutting and locking, people making sure.
“I’m sorry,”  she said, realizing as she said this that she had foiled a quick and easy victory, and instead left the three hunters alive and alert now to the danger.
He didn’t answer, perhaps didn’t even hear her; and if he did, it didn’t register, all of his focus, all of his chill, now on the three—and as far as he could, on each one individually. Their approach, their tactic.
Now that they knew that their prey were armed, they were all caution. At the moment they each lay still where they had landed, listening in turn for what he and Alwyn Moore might do.
Which for the moment was nothing. Stay as still as possible. Harman-Karman could not rule out that one of the three might hear as well as he did; it was a sought-after quality with teams, and any such member was highly valued.
So, stay as still as possible.
In the silence that followed the two errant shots he—if that member did exist, and if he now focused—would probably be able to hear him and Alwyn Moore speak. Which thought had just crossed his mind when he heard her draw breath to say something. He turned, finger on his lips, motioning silence. Pointing in their direction. Would she understand?
She nodded. Yes, she was up on the makeup of teams, she understood.
And no one moved.
Three pairs of lungs breathing at slightly different rates, three heads turning this way and that, though one head turning less than the other two, only shifting now and then the better to hear, just like Harman-Karman did his, and there was his confirmation, they did have a listener among them. This was trouble.
The hunter nearest them, the one of them in best shape—or with most experience—by his slower breathing, hidden by the high wall that bordered the sidewalk, was rising slowly, pressing himself against the wall to ensure he remained out of sight. Motioning, Harman-Karman would guess, for the others to follow. This was the listener, for having stood up, he remained motionless for some time, head cocked, ear turned toward them, Harman-Karman would guess.
Then he heard the movement of a second hunter, a little farther down Kewen Drive, ten yards perhaps, also rising, also pressing himself against the wall. A third rustle came from across the street, from behind a thick hedge. This hunter had darted to his right upon the shooting and taken cover behind the thick foliage. The Listener—as Harman-Karman already thought of him—was motioning, presumably to the man across the street. On a certain count, he imagined, dash across the narrow street and join them. Then again, perhaps not. From what Harman-Karman could hear that third hunter was instead crawling north, along the hedge, perhaps to cut off any escape he and Alwyn Moore might entertain.
This was very not good.
To his right Alwyn Moore drew breath again to speak, and again, Harman-Karman put his finger to his lips. She nodded, but then she leaned against him to whisper, and the shock of so much warm woman actually leaning against him, so much ready and available, and emanating woman physically pressing against him, confused him long enough to allow her whisper to reach the air.
“Where are they?” she breathed.
Harman-Karman turned to press his lips as closely to her ear as possible, even though he knew that the Listener—if he were of Harman-Karman’s caliber—would have no problem picking that up as well, said, pointing, “Two against the high wall, one across the street, by the hedge, crawling forward.” He pointed toward the hedge as well, barely visible through the overhanging leaves. Harman-Karman even imagined that he could see the man, soldier-like, snaking his way toward the driveway at the edge of the grass.
“Our chances?” she whispered.
Instead of answering, Harman-Karman shrugged, hard to say, not good.
Alwyn Moore frowned, looked hard into Harman-Karman’s eyes as if to plumb for a better answer, something more certain, then leaned back against the trunk of the big tree, sighed. Truth told, Harman-Karman would have liked something more certain himself. Their situation was precarious. His life, and possibly hers as well, hung in the balance. They would take him out, would definitely try to. Then reward themselves with her. Which might or might not leave her alive. The threat kept his senses, and especially his hearing at peak. And restored the ice to his blood.
And then first the Listener and then the second hunter moved, both still pressing close to the wall, moving toward the driveway and the corner, perhaps to venture a look, and yes, there, briefly, a face, if only for a second, just a look to confirm what he heard, eyes straight in their direction, although Harman-Karman doubted that they could actually be seen behind the overhanging branches.
The head disappeared as fast as it had appeared and Harman-Karman heard the whisper, “Under the tree.”
The other man didn’t answer, but it sounded like he was nodding his head, a short rhythmic rustle of cloth and hair.
The man across the street had reached a driveway and Harman-Karman could make out his head peak round the base of the hedge, also in their direction, also disappearing as fast. Harman-Karman thought briefly of shooting, but he was too well concealed by thick foliage and firing at this point would no doubt force the other two out from behind the wall, to return fire, and he did not like those odds, not one bit.
It was a stalemate of sorts. The first one to speak would lose; even though they were three to his one, or one and a half at best. Whoever shot first would be shot at.
They had to get out of this place. With one hunter across the street, they could both, if the others managed to coordinate, be taken out, and too easily at that. He motioned for Alwyn Moore to move around to the other side of the tree, away from a possible clear shot from the third hunter. She understood and quickly slipped around the trunk. Then he pointed to the house, or more specifically toward the side of it. They’d have to run for it. Really run. He rolled his hands round and round each other to indicate quick feet. She nodded. He sped up the roll: very quick feet. She got it. He counted with his fingers, something he realized she would be very familiar with from broadcasts, three, two, and one finger, and they both took off as quickly as they could for the side of the house, then around to the back where they stopped short. Pressed against the wall.
No one had shot at them. But they knew.
Harman-Karman regretted this move almost immediately, as he heard the third hunter—now that the coast was clear—rise from behind the hedge and dart across the street to join his two mates. All three together, able to coordinate fully again. Not a good move. Fortunately Alwyn Moore had not heard him move, and did not realize the folly of their dash.
Harman-Karman looked around and to his dismay discovered another eight or so feet high wall at the back of this property and also facing its two neighbors to the north and south. In effect boxing them in.
Trees though, many and large. He dashed for them, and Alwyn Moore followed him, another large Montezuma Cypress. Good cover, but sure as hell not good enough to stop bullets.
On the far side of the tree they stopped and Harman-Karman listened again, and this confirmed his fears. They were on the move. Possibly they knew, if they were familiar with the neighborhood, that they were indeed trapped, and their movements seemed to indicate this. The Listener, still breathing evenly and seemingly calm—a soldier, thought Harman-Karman, he had to be, or at least someone trained in maneuvers such as these—rounding the corner of the high wall that had concealed them and moving down the driveway by the side of the house, to round it and come at them from their right. The other two spread out and approached them from the front of the house, one moving close to the building itself, the other heading for the very tree they had sat under not three minutes ago, to approach from their left. Pincering. Coming for them.
Harman-Karman, for the first time in his life, suddenly had the sense that this was it. He could think of no strategy, nothing that would work and get them out of this jam—despite the gravity of things, he had to smile at his choice of word, this was indeed a jam if he’d ever been in one, would certainly qualify. Big time jam.
What seized him next, and almost overwhelmed him, was the bitter certainty that he had failed her. He looked over at Alwyn Moore, his charge, soon to become victim. Beautiful, alive, waiting for his next move, waiting for his solution to this problem. And he had none to offer.
“One,” he said, knowing well it didn’t much matter now if he was overheard, “is coming at us from over there.” He pointed. “The other two are approaching down the other side of the house.”
“And?” she asked, waiting for direction.
:
He didn’t answer for so long that she understood, really understood, their predicament. And then, it was as if a light came on in her eyes—as he would describe it to his Journal—she made up her mind, and brilliantly.
“I’ll draw them out,” she said, and before Harman-Karman had a chance to respond she was off, at a full run toward the street.
“They’re going for it,” yelled one of the men in front of the house, and at this the Listener rounded the back of the house, also at a full run, joining the other two in pursuit of Alwyn Moore.
That’s when Harman-Karman saw what she was doing. The three men, all now with the back to him, provided excellent targets, running almost directly away from him. He drew the Barka, leaned against the trunk and fired. The Listener went down, without so much as a cry. Brain penetrated before telling his voice about it. A second hunter spun then screamed then fell from a bullet in his chest. The third hunter froze, turned toward Harman-Karman and fired. Missed. Though a small shower of bark told him how close it was. Then he fired again, but not at him. He heard Alwyn Moore scream, more like a curse actually, at which Harman-Karman stepped out again from behind the tree, and damning the torpedoes, although he saw the hunter raise his gun and take aim in his direction, made very sure he had the man’s face in his sight before he fired. The man managed to fire first, but again missed, this time slightly to the right—Harman-Karman could feel the disturbance in the air two inches from his ear.
Harman-Karman did not miss. The bullet literally found that spot between the two eyes, though a little higher, that’s been known here and there as the third eye, and drilled one for him. The man sat down, stupidly, then fell to his right and bled profusely onto the tarmac.
Harman-Karman pocketed his gun and ran as fast as he’s ever run in his life toward Alwyn Moore, down now on the opposite sidewalk, and still swearing. A good sign, thought Harman-Karman. Swearing is good. Screaming is not. She was clutching her left thigh.
“Not a good shot, that one,” said Harman-Karman.
“Good enough,” she said.
“Let me see,” he said.
She lifted her hand to reveal a dark gash in her slacks, rapidly filling with blood, but not so rapidly as if an artery or a vein had been hit. He brought out his first aid kit and poured disinfectant into the wound, which did not still the cursing one bit. “Not too bad,” he said. The he brought out gauze and a bandage. Pressed the gauze into the gash and wrapped the bandage around her thigh, tightly, making sure most of her blood stayed where it should be.
She cursed again.
“Do you want some morphine?” he asked.
She shook her head. “No.”
“Can you stand?” he asked, offering his hand.
She grasped it and stood up, quickly shifted her body weight from her left to her right leg. Cursed some more. “Not very well,” she said.
“Okay, I’ll carry you,” he said.
“Let me just lean on you,” she said. “I can use the other leg.” And hobbled a little to prove it.
“Fair enough.”
She draped her left arm around his neck, and he caught her around the back and under her right arm, cursing himself for actually noticing the weight of her breast close to his right hand. With the help of residual ice shook himself free of the feeling (which still took some doing), and set out.
She hobbled quite well. The only downside now being that they would have to stick to the streets. Not the worst of fates, though, they only had a couple of blocks to go.
“That,” he said after a while of hobbling up Mentor Avenue, and just past Dale Street, “that was brilliant.”
She turned to see what he meant, and understood. “Yes,” she said. “It was.”
“They provided excellent targets,” he said.
“Lucky you know how to use that thing.”
“Yes,” he said. “It is.”
“You are a good shot.”
“Yes,” he said. “I am.” Then, “How’s the leg?”
“Been better.”
“Want to rest?”
“Naw, I’ll manage. Is there long to go?”
“A couple of blocks.”
“I’ll manage.”
“You sure?”
“I’ll manage.”
“Okay.”
They turned the corner of Cornell and turned right. Catalina Avenue was in view, and finally Harman-Karman allowed himself to know that they would make it.


::70::
“They are very close,” said the Juniper. “I can feel them.”
“Me too,” said the Elm
“He is hurt.”
“No, she is hurt,” corrected Harry’s pine.
“Not badly though,” said the Juniper as if that is what she had meant all along.
“But hurt,” said the Elm.
“He is tired,” said the Juniper.
“Very tired,” said the Elm.
Harman-Karman and Alwyn Moore rounded the corner of Cornell and Catalina and slowly made it up the street toward Harman-Karman’s house.
“Her leg,” said the Elm.
“It hurts badly,” said the Juniper.
“And she wants to tell him about that,” said the Elm. “Wants to complain. Wants him to feel sorry for her.”
“But doesn’t,” said the Juniper.
“I think we can all see for ourselves,” said the Canary Island Pine, as diplomatically as possible. And it had the desired effect. Both the Juniper and the Elm fell quiet, all four trees now content to follow Harman-Karman’s progress up Catalina, and then, with a “Here we go,” to Alwyn Moore, and an extra lift with his right arm to help her hop up onto the sidewalk, they made it onto his driveway and up to the door.
Alwyn Moore let go of Harman-Karman while he fished around his backpack for the keys, leaning instead again the door. He brought them out, unlocked the door, inviting Alwyn Moore’s arm again before entering.
“They made it,” said the Juniper.
“You think?” said the Elm. To which no one replied.
“He likes her very much,” said the Juniper.
“Of course,” said the Elm. “It’s their season.”
“No I mean, he likes her more than that,” she said. To which the Elm said nothing, knowing that she was right.


::71::
Harman-Karman was born tall.
At least, that’s what his father, not an unknown basketball player in his day, used to say. Which was true enough: he had been born a good two inches above norm.
Tall, and ready-made for the game. The game, of course, was basketball. No other games really existed.
“But he’s got freckles,” his father’s friends took great pleasure in pointing out. “A freckled basketball player? Who are you kidding?”
“They are not unheard of,” his father would respond, and then fire up, anew, his short, or not so short lecture (depending on how much beer had so far been, or had yet to be, consumed) on flawless, well-paid, black, and, yes, freckled, players.
No doubt in his mind, Harman-Karman was to be the next famous, ridiculously well-paid, black, and yes, freckled player; after all, he was named for the most famous of them all.
“No one remembers Harman Karman.”
“I remember him. He was the best damned basketball player to ever have walked this Earth. He was the reason I started playing.”
“We know, we know. Toss me a beer, will you.”
“He was my high school coach.”
“We know, we know.”
At which point Harman-Karman’s father would turn maudlin, or agitated, or both, again depending on beer consumption.
As a child Harman-Karman was both fascinated and frightened by these holdings forth, always overheard through mostly closed doors, and always somewhat indistinct. Frightened by his fathers strange behavior, fascinated that he, just a boy, was the cause.
And for the longest time he never made the connection that his father was in fact talking about someone other than him, that there had actually been a Harman Karman: stylish, flamboyant, mediocre pro-player turned high school coach to charm his father into becoming a much better player himself—though his father would never claim or admit that.
For like a dog who never really detects anything but his own name in the odd stream of people speak, Harman-Karman never heard the surrounding words: his father was telling his friends about him, Harman-Karman, and with love and pride, with sometimes tears and a very loud voice.
Later, having seen his friends to the door, his father would pat his head, or lift him up, and smile at him—his Harman-Karman—all in confirmation; his smiling mother not far of, corroborating: all was well with the world.
For years.
Until, somehow, he discovered the truth.
Later in life Harman-Karman could never quite put his finger on how he came to realize that his father wasn’t talking about Harman-Karman, the born-tall boy at all, but about someone completely different, someone from Turkey who for some reason had ended up with his name and who had won his father’s heart, to never give it back.
But that’s when Harman-Karman stopped growing—or at least slowed down as if all the brakes were applied at once.
“At this rate, the boy will reach seven feet five,” his father would proclaim before that fateful day. “Well, look at him. There’s no stopping him. I can’t keep him in shoes.”
Harman-Karman was six years old and already five feet tall when this happened, when shocking conclusion somehow came to possess him and he went to his mother that she might dispel this catastrophe, but instead smiled at him and explained that, no, no honey, daddy’s not talking about you, oh, Heavens, now; he’s talking about his high school coach. Harman Karman. You were named for him—Heaven knows I was against it.
After that, for the balance of his life, he only managed an additional eleven inches.
And the jealousy that took hold of this young boy’s heart at discovering the truth: that his father loved not him but this foreign man he had never met, made him hate basketball with a passion; would have nothing to do with it in school, no matter the pleading, the threats, the cajoling, the bribes, the beatings (once beer graduated to whiskey, and daily).
He decided more than once to change his name, legally, but never did, somewhere inside he derived some perverse pleasure in carrying around the hyphenated flag of his nemesis.
And refusing to ever watch, much less play, the game—as his father spoke of it—was retribution enough; his father suffered, just like he had made his son suffer.
Once through high school Harman-Karman left home and moved as far away from New Jersey as he possibly could and still walk American soil: California.
Four years at Berkeley, then south to Los Angeles and the agency which had recruited him during his third year in college.
His father died a bitter man a few years later, enlarged and diseased liver, they said. Harman-Karman did not attend the funeral.
His mother died six months after that from a broken heart.
He did travel back for that service; and to settle the estate—he was an only son after all—which netted him a surprising amount of money.
He had known Harry for years before he told him this story. And telling him he suddenly felt a lot better about his dad. As if the misunderstanding, finally communicated, dislodged his dislike for the man.
“You never told him?” asked Harry.
“No.”
“Oh, man.”
“I know.”
“How tall do you think you’d be if you hadn’t found out?”
“I had to find out at some point.”
“I know. But say you hadn’t.”
“Seven foot five.”
“So how did you do it?”
“Do what?”
“Stopped growing.”
“That’s what a broken heart does to you.”


::72::
Harman-Karman and Alwyn Moore entered his large front room into odd space, filled as it were with the consciousness of four trees, all four interested to see how Alwyn Moore was doing and to see what, if anything, would come of this violent rescue.
It was Alwyn Moore who noticed it first. Harman-Karman had just eased her down into his large, white sofa, and was now standing back, frowning at the dark spot on her bandage, signaling that she was still bleeding, though not profusely. Though enough to cause concern.
She looked around as if searching for something. “Who else is here?” she asked finally.
Harman-Karman looked up from studying her bandage and into worried eyes. “What do you mean?”
“Are there, others?”
“No.”
“Sure?”
“Of course.”
“I could have sworn.” She looked around the room again, then over her shoulder into the breakfast area, and out through the patio doors at the back yard. “You know the feeling that someone’s just left the room?” she said.
It wasn’t really a question, and Harman-Karman didn’t answer. Instead he looked around too, a little worried now because he too, now that she’d mentioned it, sensed that kind of echo that people, or pets for that matter, or even insects, tend to leave when they hurriedly depart to keep out of sight. Like a visible disturbance in the silence. A visual echo.
“I could have sworn,” she said again.
Harman-Karman took another look around, felt the odd presence, or almost presence, but still didn’t answer.
She looked back up at him. “Odd,” she said. Then she winced, and looked down at her wound, as if rediscovering it.
Harman-Karman followed her gaze. “We’ll have to take a better look at this,” he said. “You need to take off your slacks.” Then, as if having said something inappropriate, he added, “Let me get you a robe, or something,” spun around and took off for his bedroom and the closet. He was back in seconds with his light blue terry cloth bath robe. “Here,” he said, handing it to her. “I’ll turn around.”
“Sorry,” she said. “I appreciate the propriety, but I’m going to need some help with this. Help me up.”
“Just a second,” he said, and left again, this time for the bathroom, where he stood for quite a while looking at himself in the mirror, suddenly in turmoil, flooding with the need, adjusting and adjusting again his trousers to make room for—no, not make room for, to conceal—his now violent erection.
He was sweating, felt clammy, wiped his face with a towel, washed it with cold water, wiped it again with his towel, did his best to seem, look, appear normal. His hand shook a little as he ran it over his head, as if his hair was still long. Something normal for his hand to do. Did it again. She was in there, not too badly hurt, and emanating. Oh, yes, really emanating now, as if she had just entered Season for real, this very minute. And telling him—him, Harman-Karman—on many levels now, that she would choose him, had in fact chosen him. And now asking him to help her remove her slacks, an act which he doubted himself capable of.
He wiped his face again, and took a deep breath. And another. Willed his hand to stop shaking. Thought of the Journal, he had to keep it up, no matter what, had to keep up his Journal. Still perspiring. No matter what.
“You all right in there?” Alwyn Moore’s voice from his living room. The one who had chosen him. His reason for living.
“Yes,” he managed. But he doubted it made it through the door.
“Yes,” he said again, louder.
“I’m going to need some help here, it’s bleeding pretty badly.”
The emergency of the moment finally regained the upper hand, and he took one last look at himself, wiped his face for the third or fourth time, adjusted his penis—which he realized would remain impossible to conceal, well fuck it, and went back out to his charge. Well, guest by now.
Alwyn Moore had tried to remove her slacks, but had only succeeded in tearing the wound open and she was now bleeding quite profusely, onto his sofa, onto the carpet, while she also, also emanated so strongly now that entering his living room was like entering a mist.
Still, her life was actually—actually, actually, he repeated to himself—at risk, he had to swim above this, he had to find some of that ice, he had to function now, had to do the right thing, to keep her alive.
This Alwyn Moore.
She had managed to wriggle part way out of her slacks, but that was about it, standing, clutching her leg now, she struck an odd figure. The Alwyn Moore.
“Sit down,” he said.
“I can’t,” she said.
The blood kept flowing while she tried to keep the compress—saturated now—against the wound. She was losing too much blood. Harman-Karman grabbed her two lower arms and forced her back into the sofa.
“The blood,” she said. “It’ll get on the.”
“Sit down,” he said, while he sat her down for her. Then he bent down and in rapid sequence removed her ankle boots, socks, and with one long hard pull, her slacks (revealing, he noticed—could not help but notice—two of the nicest looking legs he’d ever set eyes on, one of which was bleeding profusely from a thigh wound). Harman-Karman! It was his own voice, rising from somewhere rational, calling him back to what urgently needed doing. Get with it you damned fool. She needs you help, now. You can ogle later.
He surfaced, shivered, found and seized some of that internal chill that was necessity, threw the slacks aside and grabbed his backpack. Tourniquet. Tourniquet. Hadn’t Ch’ien Yung supplied one? Could have sworn, and yes, bless him, his friend had added a nice, professional tourniquet. An inch-wide, non-elastic band with an ingenious tightening and locking mechanism.
Harman-Karman applied it around the top of Alwyn Moore’s right thigh, all business for a change, but before pulling it tight noticed that the wound was bleeding less again. So what the hell was he doing with a tourniquet? If no vein or artery was damaged. He scrambled for his backpack again, got out some disinfectant and a clean compress; poured the white powder on the would, then pressed the compress against it.
Alwyn Moore shrieked a little from the pain.
“Sorry,” said Harman-Karman.
She didn’t answer. Her eyes were closed and she was gritting her teeth a little, as if trying to keep the pain in.
“Put you hand on this,” he said. “Press hard.”
She did.
Harman-Karman returned to his backpack, found a bandage, found another, a little wider, then remembered he had several more among his medical supplies in his bathroom. Rose and went to get them. Returned with a better suited one: long and wide.
She was doing a good job keeping the pressure on.
“There’s nothing in there, right?” he asked.
“What do you mean?”
“No bullet, fragments, nothing?”
“I don’t know. I don’t think so. How do you tell?”
“I don’t think so either, but if there is, we have to get it out.”
“Then, let’s decide there isn’t any,” she said, trying to smile.
“Well, there either is or isn’t.” He wasn’t up to smiling, not yet, anyway.
“I doubt it,” she said. “It felt like a tear.”
“Like it grazed you?”
“Yes, not like a hit.”
Harman-Karman returned to his backpack and came up with the smaller of the two flash lights.
“Ease up a little,” he said. Meaning the pressure on the compress. She understood, and did. Then he slowly removed her hand and lifted the compress to expose the wound. Though still bleeding, definitely no veinal or arterial damage. What was he thinking, tourniquet?
He shone the strong flashlight directly onto the wound, revealing angry pink tissue, almost yelling for him to get the light out of its eyes. Not pretty, but not very deep. And he was happy to see a groove rather than a hole. She was right, the bullet had only grazed her.
“It’s clean,” he said after a while. “You’re right, the bullet only grazed you. You, we, were lucky.”
She nodded.
He poured some more disinfectant powder on the wound. Turned it into a small winter landscape, he thought—and where the hell had that come from? Quickly turning red, or black, in places as the blood seeped through. He dug out another compress, pressed it down hard, and then bandaged it in place, thoroughly.
Looked up from his handiwork at her. “How’s the pain?”
“The pain is good,” she said, still gritting her teeth a little.
“You mean,” he begun.
“I mean, it hurts like hell.”
“I’ll get you something,” he said.
“I’d appreciate it.”
“Morphine?”
“If you have some, yes.”
Harman-Karman returned to his amazing backpack where Ch’ien Yung had thought of everything. Several small, disposable morphine syringes in a plastic case. He took one out, stabbed the fine needle into her thigh near the would, and broke the top of the syringe off allowing the morphine to enter.
Almost immediately Alwyn Moore sighed and said, “Better.”
She, too, regarded his handiwork, then touched his hand. “Thanks. For, for everything.”
Then Alwyn Moore, the Alwyn Moore, still smiling—Morphine and exhaustion teaming up—closed her eyes, leaned back into the sofa, said, “My mom,” and fell asleep.


::73::
Harman-Karman rose, stretched, stepped back, and surveyed the mess.
And a mess it was. Lots of blood, dark on the sofa and carpet. And now, Alwyn out like a light. He took a look at the syringe: how much had he given her? Took a closer look, close enough to read: twenty milligram. Well, no wonder. A bit of an overkill.
Passed out indeed, but emanating no less for that, and Harman-Karman found himself in a whirlpool of mixed eddies and emotions: He needed to clean things up, he needed to get her to bed; he needed to secure the house better, at this rate she would soon attract visitors; he needed to clean himself up; and he needed release, now: his penis, thighs, belly combining volcano-like and about to erupt.
He eyed the sleeping woman, on his—his, mind you—sofa, and the thought occurred to him that he could so easily. Corralling what little self-determination remained he pushed back and managed to put that thought out of his head. There was no way. No way. Absolutely no fucking way.
Instead he went into the bathroom and without a second thought vented into the toiled bowl, once, twice, three times, mostly missing, leaving trails of semen on the seat, the tank, the floor, near enough the ceiling; but at least the immediate pressure was off, for now.
He then headed for the kitchen and lots of paper towels to de-seed his bathroom with.
:
It then took Harman-Karman the better part of an hour—and two return trips to the bathroom to vent—but he had finally managed to maneuver an unconscious and limply unmanageable Alwyn More into bed—the guest bedroom, he gratefully realized as if for the first time, faced the backyard and so lay as far away as possible from the street and the hunting world outside—as well as get most of the mess in his living room cleaned up—though the blood, drying now, would take some serious professional getting rid of come off-Season.
Returned to the bathroom for one more venting—well aimed, no clean-up needed.
He then sat down at his breakfast table to take stock of the situation.
He noticed his hands were still shaking, a little.
He noticed they were sweating, too.
And there was that cat again. Had the thing moved in or what?
There was movement in the street. A car. He rose and went through the kitchen to his dining room (which faced the street) and parted two of the vertical blinds, peeked out. A car was pulling into the driveway a few houses down. He recognized it. A supply run then. Everything else seemed still, and eerily normal. He hoped it would stay that way, but had no illusions about it: the woman now asleep in his guest room was emanating loudly and clearly like a distress beacon. You’d be out-of-State, or dead, not to pick her up.
He’d never spent the Season in his house with someone else, never formed a pact, so he had given little thought to barricading the place. Now he wish he had. It would not be a hard place to enter, especially not for a determined team. Well, there was nothing for it, little he could do about it now, especially since he did not want to draw attention; and a sudden fortification project—were that even possible—would do just that. He’d just have to make sure everything was as tightly locked and sealed as possible, which is exactly what he set out to do.


::74::
“He’s in a bad way, I think,” whispered the Juniper to the Elm. A whisper which surprised her as much as it did the Elm (as much as it did the other surrounding trees, for there is really no such thing as successful whispering among trees). Neither had ever seen in the other much of a confidant, and here she was, whispering away.
“He’s certainly confused,” the Elm whispered back.
“Doesn’t know what to do.”
“He should be happy though,” the Elm pointed out. “He found the person he set out to look for.”
“But now he doesn’t know what to do.”
“At least things are happening with him,” complained the Camphor Tree two houses down. “My people . . .”
“We know about your people,” interrupted the Juniper. “And what did I say about listening in?”
“Not polite,” added the Elm.
“Sorry,” said the Camphor.
“And all those deaths,” said the Elm after a short silence.
“He’s not worrying about that,” said the Juniper.
“Well, he should,” said the Elm.
“Perhaps,” said the Juniper.
“He should,” said Harry’s Pine, seemingly not caring about listening in one way or another.
“And her mother,” said the Juniper. “It’s as if she hasn’t realized yet.”
“He gave her something,” said the Elm.
“I know,” said the Juniper, back to her old self, almost snorting, if indeed trees can snort.
“I wish I could help him,” said the Elm.
“You can,” said Harry’s Pine.
“How?” said the Juniper.
“You can,” said Harry’s Pine.
“How?” said the Elm.
“It’s not our place to change the course of things,” said Harry’s Pine. “But we can give them a little breathing room.”
“What do you mean?” asked the Juniper, a little more deferentially than she had intended, and she gathered herself a little and straightened her trunk in an attempt to mask it.
“I mean,” said Harry’s Pine, “that you can buffer him a little. Fill him so full of you that it leaves less room for the stormy rage, which then has to remain outside for a while.”
“Can we do this?” asked the Canary Island Pine. A little shocked perhaps. “Is that any business of ours?”
“Not in any ultimate sense,” answered Harry’s Pine.
“In what sense then?” asked the Canary Island Pine.
“In the common decency sense.”
“What do you mean?”
“I like to alleviate suffering or confusion where I can.”
“There’s too much of that around to make any difference.”
“In the world, yes. But we can make a difference with our people.”
“If it were any business of ours,” said the Canary Island Pine.
To which Harry’s Pine said nothing.
“When you say fill do you mean occupy?” asked the Elm.
“As when you perceive them,” said Harry’s Pine.
“I will try that,” said the Elm.
“I was going to try that,” said the Juniper.
“That’s fine,” said the Elm. “You go first.” Surprising both himself and the Juniper.
“Why, thank you,” said the Juniper, and extended into and filled as best she could as much as possible of the troubled person of Harman-Karman.


::75::
Who startled.
Startled and dropped the cup in his hand, which luckily was not of porcelain, nor was it as yet filled with his tea, so instead of breaking and spilling, it bounced three times on the floor, then rolled a short erratic course before coming to rest against a kitchen table leg.
Startled, he looked at the cup, still quivering against the leg a little accusingly, and listened. Hard, and with what felt to him his whole body. There was someone else here, close by, looking in perhaps through a window. He turned, and turned again, but all he could think of was trees.
He picked up the cup and placed it on the counter. Stopped and listened again. Nothing. Not even the cat. He could have sworn.
Only the rustle of branches, faint, like a quiet light. Like a shimmer, a distant scent.
:
H-K Journal—3/1/2008
I am writing. It’s evening. It’s night. I am exhausted. But I am writing.
Alwyn Moore, yes, the very one Alwyn Moore, is asleep in the guest room, I hear branches shimmer in my head, and I am writing.
Actually writing.
Actually writing.
Writing.
Writing.
Even though the Season is here and I am definitely immersed in this river we call Storm, I seem to manage to find these little pieces of mosaic we call words and unruly and ungainly though they are, as I sit here, pen in hand, I manage to put one after one after one after the other in some fashion as well, like this, and like this.
And like this.
I have killed.
I have killed.
And killed.
I lost count at four, or was it five, or six, and I find it liberating to seek and find and place these words one after one after one after the other—like this—to tell about it. I am amazed that I am amazed that I am.
She’s sleeping in the other room. Alwyn Moore.
I saw her on television and decided to find her, to seek and find her—of course this was sheer madness but a madness which somehow nonetheless felt completely true and real and for me; as if it had been there all along and just then—as I watched her being not at all so plastic as she normally is—made itself known, and I ended up rescuing her from, definitely, yes, surely, certain death, and now she’s in my guest room, which luckily faces the back yard, and I am filled with her, so very filled, but there is also the shimmer and rustle of leaves, even now in the still of night, even though there is no wind outside, there is the shimmer and rustle of leaves inside, yes, inside, inside not only the house, but inside me it seems and this rustle is a bed is a pillow is a sanctuary I can rest my head upon as I dream each of these words up from pretty much nowhere, one ungainly one after one after one after the other, and place them one after one after one after the other, in un-ungainly fashion—finding them and bending them to my purpose—no, not bending them, but finding for them their mission. Adapting them to the telling, and so I give them grace, I gainly them (which is not a word, I know, but neither is delible, and I’ve seen it used to fine effect—delible footprints in the sand, what could be more delible?—though that isn’t a word either, same as using gainly as a verb).
Not that this makes any sense, but that doesn’t matter because in seeking and finding and endowing with purpose each of these words, resting upon the shimmering rustle of leaves, I am less affected, I have gained distance (yes, that is the word: distance) from the Storm. As if it is being held at bay by these words one after one after one after the other, or by the soft rustle of leaves.
Alwyn Moore just turned in the guest room bed, but doesn’t turn again, so she found another of sleep’s sweet spots and sailed on.
Which I should do soon too. Sail on. Find my own sleep’s sweet spot and sail on.
And I’m writing, I really am writing. And for this I am grateful, though I’m not sure to whom. To the rustle of leaves, perhaps, which seems to have come to stay, and for that I am grateful, though I’m not sure to whom.
This sweet rustle, though in a way more like a scent, of leaves.
In the very stillness of night (though I can hear cars and sirens in the distance now).
The scenty shimmery rustle.


::76::
The Juniper and the Elm took turns into the night, to extend to and fill their Harman-Karman, who seemed to sense their presence as the shimmer or rustle of leaves. That’s what he thought anyway, although more like scent than rustle he wrote, too, in his Journal.
“It works,” whispered the Elm.
“Why are you whispering?” said the Juniper.
“I don’t want him to hear.”
“He won’t,” said Harry’s Pine.
“He won’t?” asked the Elm.
“No.”
“How come?”
“They have the wrong sort of ears,” said Harry’s Pine. Not exactly true, but it made a point.
“So, there’s no need to whisper,” said the Juniper, though she regretted it almost right away, feeling sad rather than superior for showing the Elm up.
“But it works,” said the Elm.
The Juniper seemed to nod her agreement, if indeed trees can nod.
“He’s writing, and he’s happy about it,” said the Elm.
“Mine never write anything,” said the Canary Island Pine.
“Ours does,” said the Juniper, and if trees could elbow each other, she would have, playfully, the Elm—who understood that and smiled to himself, if indeed trees can smile.


::77::
Harman-Karman woke early with a violent erection—which indeed was what had woken him, clamoring for not only attention, but action. Then he heard her again. A soft moaning, fending off her pain; then a deeper pain, fought with stifled sobs.
Awake now, it came back to him, all of it. Alwyn Moore, the Alwyn Moore, his Alwyn Moore was in his guest bedroom, and he had killed many, many people.
He then did two things, and in the correct order: He vented twice, to gain some semblance of control, then he went to see to his guest.

Alwyn Moore


::78::
Alwyn Moore watched the fingers dissapear one by one: three, two, one, took a deep breath and looked straight into the camera.
Then, without preamble: “Arrak has threatened to kill me.
“Arrak has threatened to raze other convents.
“Arrak, by death and threats and violence, wants to muzzle us, make us bend to their demands.
“Well, Ladies and Gentlemen, this station, for one, will not be cowed into performance, or silence, and I am sure the same is true for our colleagues here in Los Angeles and across the country.
“The moment the public media gives in to blackmail, truth ceases to exist and there is only propaganda.”
She took another deep breath, trying to contain the warmth spreading from below, and now threatening to swallow her. Shirley Fields had flatly refused her a second delayer, and Alwyn knew better than to push her. She had promised, after all. Only the one. Now she wished: only the two. It was like riding something warm and rising, and she wasn’t so sure she could.
Another deep breath, or was it a sigh. Just get through this, Alwyn, another minute or two, sign off, and get the hell out of here. Continued:
“We received this threat a little over ten minutes ago,” she said and held up the printout for the camera. “In this email to the station, Arrak promises to, as they put it, put an end to the myth and person of Alwyn Moore for her laughable attempt to thwart our mission.”
She paused. Gathered herself again.
“Each person on this Earth has the freedom to choose. I know many would argue that, especially now, with the arrival of the new Season, but even so. Each individual is free to choose, and if a person chooses to devote his or her life to religion, or to science, or to public service, it is a personal, and a sacrosanct choice, which must be honored by others.
“The moment this freedom is stolen, either by government—as in some African and Asian countries—or by blackmailers like Arrak, life—the beautiful thing we all do our best to cope with—this life ceases to exist, and becomes, instead, slavery.”
She paused again, two more deep breaths, or sighs, her own internal battle raging. Then:
“This is Alwyn Moore saying goodbye for now. I will see you again after the Season. Stay safe.”
The Number 2 camera went dark, and number 3—alive again— brought the anchor back on screen.
“Thanks Alwyn. And good luck to you. You stay safe too.”
She didn’t smile, didn’t hear. She rose, or tried to. Then sat down again. Another deep breath. She was shaking a little. Part fatigue—she had not slept much—part Storm. She had to get out of there.
Rose again, successfully. Went straight to her office to collect her things; called the front desk for a cab.
“We have a driver for you, Miss Moore,” said the doorman.
“Great. I appreciate it.”
“No problem. He’s ready, and waiting.”
On her way out she stopped by Shirley Fields’ office, to say goodbye and wish her good luck with the Season.
“Alwyn,” said her boss.
“Shirley.”
“All set?”
“I guess.”
“We’ve got a car for you.”
“Yes, I heard. I appreciate it.”
“It’s a ruse.”
“Ruse?”
“Arrak,” said Shirley, as if that would explain everything—which it did.
“Of course,” said Alwyn. “Of course.”
“It’s at the front. Get in as if you’re leaving.”
“Which I am,” said Alwyn.
“It’ll then cut through the garage to take south entrance. You have another car waiting below.”
“Ah.”
“Switch cars as fast as you can, so whoever is keeping an eye on you won’t get suspicious.”
“But won’t they see?”
“Dark windows.”
“Ah.”
“It’s a blue Toyota. Below. Get in the back, and lie down so you won’t be spotted. It’ll drive out the north entrance, and take you to your mom’s place.”
“And the limo?”
“Will head north on the 5, toward San Francisco. Hopefully that’ll run sufficient interference to let you get out of here unnoticed.”
“Good plan.”
“It was Blackburn Small’s idea.”
“I didn’t think he cared.”
“I’m not sure he does. But he’s good police.”
“That he is.”
“So, good luck, Alwyn. Stay safe.”
“Thanks Shirley. And you too.”
The limo was waiting, and she slipped inside. It headed for the gate, but turned left at the underground parking entrance, and out of view. The blue Toyota was waiting, at the ready, back door open. Alwyn was out of the lime and into the smaller car in less then five seconds. Shirley would have been proud.
Alwyn watched the limo head for the south exit, then leaned over on the back seat and out of sight.
“There’s a blanket on the floor,” said the driver. “Cover yourself.”
“Right. Thanks.”
The Toyota waited another minute, then took the north exit and headed east on Sunset.
:
After an indirect route, which included several switchbacks and extra trips around many a random block they arrived at Avon Place shortly after nine o’clock. No signs of pursuit said the driver.
“Thanks, I appreciate it.”
“You be safe now.”
“You too.”
Before she had a chance to let herself in, her mom yanked open the front door. “Alwyn. Oh, God, Alwyn, what have you done?”
Her mom took a quick look outside, up and down Avon Place, then pulled Alwyn inside and slammed the door shut.
“You’ll get us both killed,” she added.
“I’m glad to see you, too, Mom.”
“This is no time for jokes, Alwyn. You shouldn’t have come here.”
“Where else would I go?”
“Anywhere but.”
“I want to be with you, Mom. Make sure you’re okay.”
“I’m not the one you should worry about.”
Her mom, a good foot shorter than Alwyn—Alwyn’s father had been a very tall man—hair graying now, stood, arms akimbo, not done dressing her daughter down just yet.
“How are you doing, Mom?”
“Fearing for my life, is how I’m doing. How should I be doing?”
“I mean, Season-wise.”
“Oh, that’s no business of yours. I can take care of myself.”
“So, you’re okay?”
“I am not okay. They’ll find you here, and they’ll kill us all.”
“All?”
“Both.”
“If they are keeping an eye on me, they’ll think I’m heading for San Francisco right now.”
When her mother didn’t understand, Alwyn explained.
“And how long is that going to keep them fooled?” she wanted to know after frowning in silence for what seemed a full minute.
“I don’t know, Mom. For a while, I hope.”
“And then, and then what?”
“Guards. The station has hired guards.”
“So where are they?”
“They’ll come if they’re needed.”
“If they’re needed? Of course they’re needed. They’re needed right now.”
“No one knows I’m here, Mom.”
“So?”
“One way of telling anyone who wants to know that I am here, is to have a gaggle of guards show up.”
“Don’t use words I don’t know, Alwyn.”
“A bunch of guards.”
Her mom took that in, and did see the wisdom of that.
“They’ll keep an eye out for anything suspicious, and if needed, we’ll have guards here right away.”
“Who’s keeping an eye you?”
“I don’t know, security people. I don’t know, Mom.”
“They had better.”
“That is true,” said Alwyn. “They had better.”
:
What scent-proofing was commercially available was far too expensive for the average house owner, but Mrs. Moore was not the average house owner. She had spared no expense during the 2007-2008 off-Season remodel—as she put it—which had transformed the Avon Place basement into what she called our fortress: into what essentially consisted of two separate studio apartments, sound-, scent- and bullet-proofed, with one set of common doors between them, lockable from either side. Barring a fire—or a nuclear war, as Alwyn put it—you could ride out a Season here just fine. Unnoticed, un-molested, un-worried.
And well stocked, to boot. Food for six weeks, just to be safe, and enough soothers and repressors to maybe even have an effect. And implements, as and if needed. Mrs. Moore didn’t want to discuss those, but they were one of those necessities you just had to live with here on planet Earth, come the Season. And more so Alwyn—judging by her allotment of this arsenal, her mom quickly pointing things out—than her mother.
Alwyn shook her head in amazement.
“Well, you never know,” said her mom. Then quickly changed the subject, “Have you had breakfast?”
Mrs. Moore was nothing if not a great cook, and once the cheese began to melt inside the omelet, some of it spilling into the hissing butter, Alwyn realized that she was starving, and had been for a while.
“And you’re sure they’re keeping an eye out,” said Mrs. Moore between bites.
“I’m sure, Mom.”


::79::
It was not until after breakfast that the warmth began to attack Alwyn in earnest. Up until then the broadcast, the ride, her mother, factors to keep her afloat; but now, a delicious omelet later, and her mother “wanting to take a nap,” left her alone in her own basement studio, awash in Storm.
She tried to focus on other things, writing for instance; even went so far as to turn her notebook computer on; even went so far as to open up the last opening chapter in the word processor; even went so far as to read the last paragraph again, and again, and again, but here she derailed, letters not connecting into words, or if they did, words not connecting with meanings, intended concepts elusive, the paragraph so much black against so much white, and all she really could think about: warmth and warmth and the need to relieve or quench or blossom it. She closed here eyes and noticed the familiar color red. For her the color of darkness was red, and red, and leaning back into her bed—no time, or need for implements—she vented the pressure once, twice, and several more times after that, before she fell into shallow and uneasy sleep.
:
And into familiar dream.
This is how she always, since her very first Season, dreamed its arrival:
There is an ocean, or some other very large body of water. A restless ocean, swells in many directions, tides shifting in disrespect for the moon, following no pattern.
She swims on this ocean, buoyed at first high in the water, as if she was swimming in the Dead Sea, half above, half within the warm currents.
There is land off to her right, and there is land off to her left. Two shores. Ahead is only water, and behind is only water. She has to choose the correct shore and chooses the one to her right. It seems to her closer of the two, and she knows she must get out of the water, now, before she drowns.
And so she turns and swims and swims for this alien shore, only to find, looking over her shoulder every so often, that the shore now behind her is in fact the closer of the two. Surely. The one ahead now so distant.
So, she turns, and swims for that closer shore, only to find it receding instead of approaching. She looks over her shoulder and discovers, no, she was right the first time, that shore is the closer of the two, so she turns again, but not longer rides so high in the water. Something is tugging at her feet, something is tugging at her legs, and soon it is all she can do to keep her mouth and nose and eyes above the ever warmer water.
Still swimming, for the closer shore, which is now drawing back and away: she is swimming for the wrong shore.
And so turns again, as tentacles now not only tug at her legs but slithers up the inside of her thighs and higher and hither and then enter. And enter, and enter, and the shores are moving closer and closer and as they do they rise and rise and touch above her to form a roof, a red roof above the red ocean where the tentacles are entering and entering still and filling her and filling her and the ocean becomes a mouth, and the shores have formed a tunnel and the tentacles enter and enter and she has no choice but to enter herself, the red tunnel which is the warmth of arrival.
The warmth of arrival.
And it is calling her name, “Alwyn, Alwyn, Alwyn,” over and over, which is not how she remembers it for it has never known her name before, and then it calls again, “Alwyn, Alwyn,” and something, not tentacles, more like hands, has hold of her feet and they are pulling her back and back and out of the tunnel and out of the red ocean and out upon dry land and her mother’s face leans over her, gray hair spilling down and almost touching Alwyn’s face, and now actually touching, and a hand shakes her shoulder, “Alwyn, Alwyn.”
“Yes, Mom.”
“The station.”
“What?”
“The station is calling.”
“Shirley?”
“I don’t know, he didn’t say.”
“What time is it?”
“Six.”
“Six what?”
“Six o’clock.”
“A.M.?” It felt like morning.
“No, it’s evening, Alwyn.”
“I’ve slept all day?”
“You were exhausted.” Probably some truth to that.
“Even so. You shouldn’t have.”
“Shouldn’t have what?”
“Let me sleep.”
“The station’s on the phone, Alwyn.”
She sat up, fell back, sat up again. The tunnel, the ocean, still alive between her legs calling her back to sleep with rising and receding tide.
“The second line,” said Mrs. Moore.
Alwyn reached for the receiver and picked it up; then pressed the blinking button indicating line two.
“Alwyn Moore.”
“Miss Moore?”
“Yes.”
“Just a moment.”
Which became two, then three, then far too long. Shirley Fields came on the line just before Alwyn was about to hang up.
“Alwyn. You’re okay?”
“Yes. Why?”
“The limo,” said her boss.
“What limo?”
“The ruse limo.”
Alwyn said nothing.
“We’ve lost it.”
Alwyn, still battling to return to the present—or if not the present, to the more important task of sheer survival—tried to add things up. “Lost it?”
“We can’t raise the driver. We have to assume.”
And things finally did add up, a cold hand touching her. “Arrak?”
“Yes.”
“Do they know?”
“Yes. We think so.”
“What do you mean?”
“They’ve spotted a limo in your neighborhood.”
“How do you know it’s them?”
“It’s been there for a while now, as if reconnoitering. Circling nearby streets.”
“Is there any protection?”
“They’ve dispatched a four-man team. They should be there any moment.”
“Nothing so far. Where are they coming from?”
“I’m not sure. But they should be with you any moment now.”
As if on cue the upstairs doorbell sounded once—her mom had yet to fully close, and seal, the main bunker door, the one leading into her mom’s studio from upstairs, or they would probably not have heard it—then again.
Alwyn looked over at the close circuit television monitor. Four men on the front porch. One working the doorbell.
Which sounded an impatient third time, and then a fourth.
“They’ve arrived, Shirley.”
“Good news.”
“Thanks for the heads-up.”
“Take care, Alwyn.”
“You too.”
The doorbell sprang to life again, still impatient. Mrs. Moore was watching Alwyn from their adjoining door, not sure what to do, more than just concerned: afraid.
“We’ve got company, Mom.”
“Who are they?”
“Guards.”
“We need guards? Alwyn, why do we need guards? Is it those people? Are they coming?”
When Alwyn didn’t answer right away, her mother, much louder now, “Talk to me. Are they coming, these Arrak people?”
Looking up at her mother—wringing her hands, shifting, and not far from tears—it dawned on Alwyn what a fool she had been to come here, to put her mother at risk.
“Just as a precaution.”
“Do they know you’re here, Alwyn? Those Arrak people?”
“No, Mom, they don’t. It’s just a precaution.”
When the doorbell rang again, along with loud banging on the front door—urgent fists—Alwyn rose, and ran upstairs to let them in.
:
Four very expensive men—large, neutered, ready for battle, never came cheap—in fatigues stood on the front porch. Three of them surveying the street, the fourth looking down at Alwyn.
“So you are here.”
“Sorry, we were downstairs.”
“Can we come it?”
“Of course.”
“A limo pulled away as we arrived.”
“It’s them?”
“That’s what we must assume.”
The four men stepped inside and looked around.
“How many are you?” asked the same man.
“Just me and my mother.”
“Bunker?”
“Sound- and scent-proof,” said Alwyn.
“Go back there, and stay there,” said the man.
“Do you want me to show you around?”
“No. We’re fine. We’ll take it from here.”
There was something very ex-cop or ex-military about the quartet that now began to spread out through the house, and Alwyn felt reassured: these people were professionals, they would protect them.
“Okay then. You can use the intercom if you need us,” said Alwyn, indicating a wall phone by the hallway leading to the kitchen. “Dial the basement.”
“Will do.”
Alwyn heard her mother calling her from below, wanting to know if everything was all right. Good question.
“Four is enough, right?” to the man she now thought of as the leader.
Who looked at her, perhaps a little offended. “Should be.”
“Should be? You’re not sure?”
“Four’s enough, ma’am. Should we need more, we’ll call for backup, or the police, or the army. You can relax ma’am. You’re in good hands.”
And that was the impression Alwyn got, she could relax, they were in good hands.
“Well, good. As I said, call if you need anything.”
“Will do.”
Mrs. Moore was calling out again as Alwyn reached the basement stairs and made her way down to reassure the woman.
:
Once she closed and sealed the main bunker door, the one in her mom’s studio that led upstairs, they were, for all intents and purposes—as far as sounds went—alone.
The close circuit television monitors would tell a different story.
When Mrs. Moore had the bunker studios constructed, she truly had spared no expense, and that included an elaborate eight-camera close circuit system with two sets of four split-screen monitors, one in Alwyn’s studio, and one in her mom’s.
Four cameras were mounted at the outside corners of the house, just under the eaves, which gave a good view of any approach. One was mounted over the front door, one showed the back porch and its French doors from a camera concealed in the back garden, one showed the inside entrance, and one showed the upstairs main hallway.
The security contractor had proposed a sixteen-camera system, but Mrs. Moore felt enough was enough: eight’s plenty.
The silence that followed upon closing the main bunker door—effectively shutting them off from the outside world—brought both Alwyn and her mom to the monitors.
“How many are there?” her mom wanted to know.
“Four.”
“Big?”
“Big and strong.”
“Neutereds?”
“Of course.”
“I hope they don’t make a mess,” following the movement of two guards down the upstairs hall, who then choose different bedroom doors to vanish through.
“They’re professionals, Mom.”
“I hope so.”
There was no sign of the other two guards. Each of the eight cameras held motionless displays of both outside and inside.
Until.
Maybe it was nothing, corner of the eye, dark movement. Alwyn looked again, no. nothing. And nothing. And nothing. And something.
And not something, someone. And someone else. Approaching the house from the south. Three, perhaps four. Dark shapes. Quick, determined movements.
Alwyn glanced over at her mom, expecting something frantic, only to discover she was busy arranging another meal. Which suited Alwyn just fine. No need upsetting her.
For Arrak had arrived, there was no doubt; but they had professional protection. They were safe.
More movements now, both back and front, and then two black shapes fell in two heaps touching on the back lawn. To remain fallen. And motionless. Alwyn gasped. Loud enough to reach her mom, who turned from chopping whatever it was she was chopping to wonder, loudly, “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing, Mom.”
Mrs. Moore came over to see for herself. Watched, but didn’t speak. Tried to, then tried again, but remained silent; watching as two other black figure fell down on the back lawn, one clutching his leg, the other his arm.
Watching as angry flashes aimed fire at the second floor windows. Watching as a single back figure appeared at the front of the house and then took off down the street, soon to be followed by another.
Again, Alwyn regretted having come here. But there was nothing for that now. And surely, police or reinforcements would arrive soon. They were under attack. The guards would know what to do.
Two large, dark cars appeared from the top of the street and parked just behind the guards’ Land-Rover. Many people climbed out. All in black. These were not reinforcements. These were Arrak, and suddenly Alwyn knew they were in serious trouble.
Surely, the guards had called for more troops by now. So where were they?
 Alwyn saw how one of the men in front of the house brought out a bullhorn and, directing it toward the second floor, spoke into it. Alwyn wished she could hear it, but none of even the amplified sound made it through to her.
“What’s he saying?” demanded her mother.
“I don’t know.”
“What’s he saying? she demanded again, as if Alwyn had said nothing.
“I don’t know, Mom. I can’t hear any better than you.”
“He’s saying something.”
“I know.”
More men fell to the ground. Two to remain still, a third to clutch his shoulder and then roll away.
Then the screen showing the French doors exploded. An explosion. So loud that they could both feel it through the structure if not by sound. Right above them, of course, thought Alwyn. The garden room would be just above them.
She looked at her mom, who stared at the screens in what struck Alwyn as fascination. Or was it shock? Her mother was mumbling something which Alwyn didn’t catch. Except for the word doors. And again, something doors.
Another shock wave reached them, this from the front. Another explosion.
Then the first smell of smoke.
The image of the convent appeared unbidden. Arrak fire. Here was another one. Alwyn tried to shake her head free of it, but it remained. Two hundred women, charred without a second thought. How much would they hesitate charring only two?
Two loud thumps on the outer bunker door startled both of them.
Another thump.
“Someone’s,” began her mother.
Alwyn jumped up, it had to be one of the guards. Another thump. Alwyn unlocked the door and swung it open.
“Miss Moore,” said a tall, blond man, not the leader of the group. “We have to get you out of here.”
“But the Arrak men?”
“The house is on fire, ma’am. Remaining here is not an option.”
“The house is on fire, Alwyn,” screamed her mother. “They’re burning my house, Alwyn.”
The tall man looked at her, “Yes, ma’am, they’re burning the house, and you have to get out of here.”
“They’re burning my house, Alwyn,” yelled her mother, now close to hysteria.
“There is a way out from the basement. The plans showed a way out from the basement, am I correct?” said the man.
“Yes. There’s a side door.”
“Show me.”
Alwyn took another look at her mother, who by now was pale as a sheet, and staring with wide eyes on the screens that showed fire: the view of the French doors, and of the foyer. Some flames had also begun appearing on the second floor.
“This way,” she said to the man.
They headed out of the bunker, turned left down the basement hallway—where the overhead light now flickered, as if preparing a retreat—and through a large storage room—with no light at all—to the far wall, home to a rarely used exit to the outside, now barely outlined by the tentative hallway light.
“Where’s the light switch?” asked the guard.
“By the door,” said Alwyn.
The guard found it, used it, to no result.
“We hardly ever come here,” said Alwyn.
“The door?” said the guard.
“It leads to a short set of stairs to take you up to ground level,” she said.
The guard took as good a look as he could at the heavy, apparently fire- and burglar-proof door. Three latches, and a heavy-handed levered locking mechanism that looked like a challenge. The door belonged more on a ship than in a house.
The man took a closer look. “Does it open?”
“Sure,” said Alwyn.
The man shook his head and began to work the top latch, which had frozen in place from under-use. Swearing under his breath, he wondered again, “Sure?”
He tried the middle latch instead, which eventually did slide open, as did the bottom one.
“My house is burning,” screamed Mrs. Moore from the far entrance to the storage room.
“I know, Mom,” said Alwyn. “I know.”
The man returned to the top latched with urgency now. Turned again to Alwyn, “Do you have a hammer, something like that?”
“I’ll see.”
Alwyn looked around the dark room, an old work bench, places for tool on the wall, but no tools that she could see. A chest on a shelf, she went to open it.
“Never mind,” said the man. “I’ve freed it.”
“Good.”
He then started working the lever, which, too, was uncooperative from under-use, but which, too, worked free under the urgency. He unlocked the regular bolt, and pressed the handle. The door swung open on disagreeing hinges.
“Stay here,” he said to Alwyn, and slipped out.
The guard climbed the stairs one by slow one, then carefully peaked out over the stairwell rim. To his left, to his right, then not at all.
It’s an established fact that you never hear the firing of the bullet that kills you. The guard did not hear the firing of this one. Instead, he toppled backward down the stairs to land in a large, intractable, unbreathing pile.


::80::
Alwyn, however, had heard the shot, and knew immediately what had happened. And now, so apparently did her mother, who had come up behind her and now started screaming.
As if in reply a machine gun sprang to life then went quiet.
And all was quiet. Even her mom.
Alwyn knew she had to shut the door, or whoever had shot the guard would soon follow, only there was no way. She tried, once, and again, to shift the dead weight bulk of the still bleeding guard, but there was no way. Absolutely now bloody way. A third attempt confirmed it. The man must have weighed three hundred pounds, all of it refusing to shift, acting instead as the perfect door stop. There was no way.
Absolutely now way.
A rush of movement leaped over the stair railing, slipped down the stairs and tripped on the dead guard to land on top of her.
“What the . . .?”
Literally fell into her, pushing her back into the basement.
“Who the . . .?”
Scrambling to her feet, spotting a gun the guard had dropped—which she had no idea how to use—she nonetheless picked it up and trained it on the man, still on the floor, favoring his knee.
“Who the fuck are you?” she wanted to know.
“Not Arrak,” he said, still rubbing his knee. “And please, aim that thing somewhere else.”
“Who are you?”
“Harman-Karman.”
“Harman-Karman?”
“Yes.”
“Harman-Karman what?”
“Selby.”
“Harman-Karman Selby?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Who are you?” She asked again. “Who the hell is Harman-Karman Selby?”
“A fan.”
“Oh, fuck,” she said. “That’s all I need.”
“Look,” said Harman-Karman. “Your house is burning.”
“I know.”
“Is that your mother?” he asked, looking toward the far end of the room, and the silhouetted Mrs. Moore in the doorway.
“Yes,” she said.
“How’s she holding up?”
“What do you think?” she said. “How would she hold up? With her house on fire and everybody shooting at each other in her back yard.”
“One way of putting it,” he said, which made her smile, or at least made her think about smiling.
“We have got to get out of here,” he added.
“I know,” she said.
Then he held up his hand, signaling for Alwyn to stay quiet, please, someone’s coming. Now she could hear him too, and her face turned in the direction of the open basement door, still unclosable for the dead guard.
They stood very still for what felt like minutes while the man worked his way down the stairs as quietly as possible. Then all the way down, and a head, peering into the darkness, trying to make things out.
One of the guards.
Other steps now, too. Running. The guard pulled his head back out of the doorway just in time to get shot. Twice.
He toppled backwards, hit his head, dead by now, and already bleeding out of two holes, on the concrete wall, then slumped down on top of his already dead mate.
Alwyn drew breath to scream, but nothing emerged. She tried again, but her throat had ceased to function. Neither did the rest of her. Could not move, could not look away. Could not speak.
“What was that Alwyn?” her mother wanted to know. Terrified now. “Have they come?”
“Has who come?” Harman-Karman wanted to know.
She looked at him as if she had never seen him before, as if trying to relate him to the dead persons one on top of the other not ten feet away.
“Are you expecting reinforcements?” he said.
“Who are you talking to Alwyn?” asked the voice from the doorway. “Is there someone there with you?”
She finally found her voice. “A man,” she said. “A man I don’t know.” And to Harman-Karman, “I have no idea.”
“Don’t let him in,” said her mother.
“He’s already in, Mom,” she said.
Her mom didn’t answer.
“You are not with them?” she looked at Harman-Karman, trying to ignore the dead men. An effort.
“Arrak?”
“Yes.”
“No.”
“Well, that’s some thing,” she said.
“You’ve got to get out of here,” he said.
“My thought exactly.”
“Is you mother ill?”
“Hysterical,” she answered.
“Can she move?”
“Oh yes. She can move all right.”
Harman-Karman held up his hand for Alwyn Moore to be quiet.
“Who is he?” her mother insisted.
Neither answered.
Alwyn listened as hard as she could, but could make out nothing besides the angry hiss and scrape of flames. Then, yes, perhaps, a step on one of the outside stairs. A very careful one. And another one.
Harman-Karman moved toward the door, careful to keep in shadow. Pressed against the wall to the left of the opening, sidled toward it. Stood very still, looked, and looked.
“Who is he? Why don’t you answer me, Alwyn?”
The she heard quick steps retreat up the stairwell, and then nothing.
“He’s gone?” she asked.
“For the moment.”
“Arrak?”
“Definitely.”
“How many?” she asked.
“Just him,” said Harman-Karman, “but I’m sure he’s called for others.”
She nodded.
“You all right?” he asked.
“Yes.”
Her mother screamed her name several times.
“Is there another way out of here?” he asked.
“No.”
“No other way?” he said again.
“No,” she said again. “We can’t go upstairs. It’s on fire. This is the only way out now.”
Suddenly, as if privy to information she was not, he ran to the door, leaped over the two dead guards and disappeared up the stairs.
And a shot.
Then quiet.
:
Harman-Karman appeared again. “Get you mother,” he said. “Now.”
When she hesitated he repeated, almost screamed, “Now.”
She grabbed her mother by the elbow and dragged her in Harman-Karman’s direction.
“What, what, what?” she said, resisting her daughter’s pull.
“Mrs. Moore,” said Harman-Karman.
Her mother looked at him, unsure, scared.
“Mrs. Moore.”
“Yes.”
“We have to get out of here, now.”
With that he took her arm and virtually lifted her out the door. “Come on,” he said to Alwyn. She did.
To find her mother planted on the stairs, refusing to budge.
“Move,” he yelled at her. “Now.”
When she didn’t he grabbed her around the waist and carried her up the steps. Alwyn followed immediately behind. He turned to her.
“We have to get away from here.”
At that he grabbed her mother’s right arm, and as if on cue Alwyn took her left, and they quickly steered her toward the streets and escape.
Then another movement.
“Down!” yelled Harman-Karman, and tried to drag her mother with him as he hit the dirt. Alwyn Moore hit the ground at about the same rate as Harman-Karman, but Mrs. Moore had had quite enough of this, and would not drop on command.
The dying Arrak man only managed four or five rounds. Then, whether he ran out of ammunition or out of life, the shooting stopped. But not before two or three of his brief and final salvo had hit Mrs. Moore, and killed her standing up. She slumped into a small pile between them.
At first Alwyn had no idea. “Good,” she said to her mom. “Was that so damn hard, now?”
Then to Harman-Karman, “Is he dead?” Looking over at the Arrak man.
“I believe so,” he said. “Yes.”
“Okay mom, we’ve got to get a move on,” she said to the dead woman.
“Miss Moore,” said Harman-Karman.
“Mom,” she said. “Mom. Come on, get with it.”
“Miss Moore,” he said, and something in his voice finally caught her ear and she looked up at him, and then actually looked at her mom, black spreading from three wounds, warm and glistening in the angry light of the fire, now gaining a final hold on the front of the house as well.
“Mom!” she screamed this time, and seized her head, forced her to face her, screamed again, “Mom! Look at me. Look at me, damn it!” But her mom would not comply. She stayed dead, and that very famous face looked up from her mother’s and found Harman-Karman’s, pleading for whatever it was that he had to do to make things right.
Then she looked back down at her mom, and looked, and looked.
“Miss Moore,” he said. “We have to leave now.”
She finally looked back up. “We can’t leave her.”
“We don’t have a choice. We have to. More Arrak people will arrive any minute.” And having said that Harman-Karman froze and listened, “We have about fifteen seconds,” he said, and reached over and grasped her arm.
Then they ran.


::81::
Alwyn dreamed of trees. Which, in her dream, she found strange, because she never dreamed of trees.
A large forest, pines for the most part, though sufficiently deciduous to sing. She was somewhere within it: lost, though yet not lost. Protected, was the word. And she felt like singing in turn.
Closer to the surface, called there by pain, she wondered why she was moaning. And closer still, when the memory of her mother brought her all the way awake, she began to cry.
:
A knock on the door. She doesn’t hear it at first. Then again, a soft tapping. “Alwyn.”
When she doesn’t answer.
“Can I come in?”
He doesn’t wait for a reply before easing the door open. The hinges did not squeak was a weird thing to notice. But they didn’t, and she did. The next thing she noticed as all five foot eleven of Harman-Karman, concern—and a shadow of need—on his face. A syringe in his hand.
“How’s that leg?”
Pulsing. Dull and achy. Hurting, a lot. “It’s all right.”
“You sure?”
“No.”
“It’s hurting?”
“Yes.”
“A lot?”
“Yes.”
“Morphine?” he said, holding up the syringe.
“Please.”
She pulled the sheet aside to reveal her bandaged thigh. He frowned. “I’ll need to re-bandage this.” Then, without warning, he stabbed her with the needle and here came the warm no-pain-at-all as if a faucet with lots of it had just been opened.
“That’s better,” she said. “A lot.”
“Thought so.”
He frowned some more at the bandage before he began removing it. Which still did hurt, and she winced. “Sorry,” he said.
But he was good at this. Five minutes later her wound had been cleaned, disinfected, and dressed. It felt a lot better.
Then she remembered her mom again, her stubborn, stupid, egocentric, caring, and so cruelly dead mom, and flooded with a different pain, the morphine not quite strong enough to do the trick.
“Your mother,” he said. It sounded like a question at first, then she realized that it wasn’t.
“Yes.”
He said nothing, but looked as if he understood.
After a short silence, “You hungry?” he asked.
Which, now that he mentioned it, she was. Very.
“Yes.”
“Try to get some more sleep. I’ll fix breakfast.”
“I don’t think I can.”
“Try anyway. You’ll feel better.”
“I feel pretty good as it is, it’s just that . . .”
“I know.”
And then he gathered the old bandage, along with the empty syringe, and left he room. A few minutes later she could hear kitchen noises not far away, which brought her mother back and she began to cry in earnest.
:
He brought fresh fruit, an omelet, bacon, and coffee. This guy, she thought, had saved her life, and was continuing to do so. A fan, he’d said. Why on earth had he appeared like that?
She was about to ask when Harman-Karman turned on the television set. “Let’s see what gives,” he said.
Fine.
And there was her mother’s house, or what was left of it, still smoldering. Rivulets of smoke rising into the still morning air. And much steam, still.
The single most violent incident so far this Season, the news anchor said. Fourteen dead, not counting the old woman, who had been identified as the owner of the house. Four security guards, and ten what must be assumed to have been Arrak men.
It was still too early to sift through the remains of the house for what they feared might be the remains of Alwyn Moore.
At which Alwyn drew a quick breath. “My God. They think I’m dead.”
After a while her host said, “That’s the best news yet.”
“What on earth do you mean by that?”
“Arrak,” he said. “If Arrak thinks your dead, they will not come looking for you.”
He let that sink in, and sink in it did. Deeply. And she realized how true his statement was. “I hope I stay dead,” she finally said.
“My thought exactly,” he answered.

Harry Oates


::82::
Harry dreamed of trees. Not through the night—earlier on his dream had been more like nightmare; a dripping, dark, red, insistent, laughing, chasing, Storm-driven thing that had all but smothered him—but toward morning, on his way for the surface, he found himself walking in a light beech forest. Tall, straight trunks reaching into the clear blue above, like hands, like leaved fingers reaching for the far beyond, a touch of cloud here and there, gaily avoiding high above capture, and as he walked on the soft ground—pillowed by a moss of last year’s leaves, or from the year before that—from tree to tree, he touched each gray, shooting stem of forest elder and he felt at peace. He had reached a sanctuary, a shelter from, yes, the Storm—and he smiled in his dream as he thought the words, not really intending the pun, but certainly not avoiding it either.
:
When he opened his eyes he knew. He was in bloom. The beech forest receded and the Storm approached, entered, took over. The need.
It was not focused, this need, not at all, but need nonetheless. A low, burning must which seemed to grow out of the Earth and with each breath. Chasing before it, for hiding and safety, the small-winged notions of ascension, who like so many disoriented no-see-ums served no purpose at all now, save to annoy and perhaps disgust. These were his noble intentions, darting for cover, like so much dust.
He thought of helping himself.
Then some more of helping himself. But one of the many gnats darting for cover had left a trace and he remembered his resolve, the one about not giving in to the Storm, about floating above, and he almost laughed at himself, at the folly of even thinking.
But he didn’t vent, and he did manage a shower, and a cold one at that, and with the freezing water he gained some distance, and with the distance he felt the rustle of leaves and as the distance grew a little further with what he could have sworn was the scent of forest he began to feel like himself again, or like a reasonable facsimile of someone just like him who also had decided to rise above the storm and stare it down.
He dried himself, donned a bathrobe and sauntered into the front room. Vixer looked up. Eyed Harry with concern. Put his head back down on his front paws but didn’t close his eyes, didn’t let go of his human. Sensing the state of things, and in some doglike fashion remembering, understanding. Worrying. Not even thinking about food right now, although it was well beyond breakfast time, and not too far from his thoughts.
Harry sat down and turned on the television. Anything to keep his mind off.
Mayhem.
Fights, doorway copulations, sidewalk copulations, on benches, on stairs, in parks. Images of girls barely of age—and perhaps not even that—in full heat and now out and about (when they should have been at home—if indeed they had homes) testing the waters. So odorous, these young things, Harry could almost see the pheromones like little galaxies around them. In their first or second season. They must be runaways, he reflected, nowhere to go but the street, young and strong now with a heat few males could resist, and the camera (the operator—neutered for sure, for the picture was rock-steady) following the two, three, then four males drawn to this one particular honey. Eighteen perhaps, she is, if that, but very aware of her power, of the alluring zone she emanates, a magnet for the starving, for the large and not so large fish drowning in this river of must.
It never developed into fight. One of the men was a hunter, the only one among them, and as soon as the others saw this they backed off, soon gone. The hunter seized the girl by the arm.
She laughs, or it looks like she laughs, or giggles, before they vanish into an alley. The camera doesn’t follow them. It does not have to. Enough copulation to go around on other channels by now, on programs dedicated to the purpose. This was the news after all.
And this was the news. The Season: It’s Back.
As if Harry didn’t know.
:
And the news was also Alwyn Moore. A somewhat strange Alwyn Moore who now gazed into Harry’s living room, a sheet of paper in her hand, saying something Harry didn’t catch at first.
It was Always Moore all right, but not the normal one. This one was, this one was, Harry was trying to put his finger on it. Well, not really made up, for one. Her hair was in a pony tail for another, and her face shone a little, reflecting the studio lights. And, yes, emanating. She was emanating.
“We received this threat a little over ten minutes ago,” she went on to say, holding up a paper in her hand. “In this email to the station, Arrak promises to, as they put it, put an end to the myth and person of Alwyn Moore for her laughable attempt to thwart our mission.”
Vixer said something about food, that’s how Harry perceived it. While the rustle of leaves seemed to fade and the emanating person of Alwyn Moore grew more and more vivid. He had trouble hearing exactly what she was saying, as her features and obvious heat threw him, and as Vixer now rose and sauntered up to him. “Food,” he said. Or appeared to.
“Each person on this Earth has the freedom to choose,” he heard her say.
“Food,” said Vixer again, and Harry got the very odd sensation that his dog was more intent on distracting him than on food. And the leaves rustled a little again, too.
Then Alwyn Moore was gone and the news talking head, very made up and not glistening at all in the studio lights, hoped she’d stay safe.
Then back to mayhem news. And then some more of the same.
Harry turned off the set and rose. Made for the kitchen, Vixer in tow. Set the tea water going, and fed Man’s best friend (who was very appreciative—tail going).
Leaves still rustled and Harry felt unnaturally normal (or is that naturally normal, he thought). He made his tea, drank it slowly, to the softly scented rustle in his head.
When the telephone rang.
:
It struck Harry as probably the last thing on Earth he’d want to do right now: talk on the telephone. More than likely it was a sales call of some sort or another. Or work. Yes, it would be some problem (not of his making, he’d covered all his bases, he was sure of that) that his name had come up as a possible solver of. Yes, someone from work. Surely. And whom he did not want to speak to. At all.
After many, many rings the telephone gave up, and Harry finished his tea. Ate an orange. Then another. Then the phone rang again. Yes, definitely his work then. And it rang, and rang, and rang. The rustle of leaves faded, pushed aside by this ringing insistence.
In the end he answered, to shut it up.
“Harry. You’re there. You’re home.”
“Harman-Karman.”
“Yes.”
“What do you want?” A little—or not so little—annoyed with him for disturbing what he already looked back upon as his peace.
“Alwyn Moore,” said Harman-Karman.
Harry said nothing.
“How are you doing?” asked Harman-Karman.
“Not so sure.”
“What do you mean?”
“I was doing fine until the phone rang.”
“Doing what?”
“Drinking tea.”
“Drinking tea?”
“Yes.”
“You got company?”
“No.”
“Drinking tea?”
“Yes. I usually do.”
“We’re in Season.”
“Yes, I know.”
“And you’re drinking tea?”
He didn’t answer this. Instead he asked, again, “What do you want?”
After a short silence, Harman-Karman said, “Alwyn Moore.”
“Alwyn Moore?”
“Yes.”
“What about her?”
“Any idea how I could find her?”
“You’re going after Alwyn Moore?”
“Going after might be a bit strong.”
“What would you call it?”
“My focus,” said Harman-Karman. “That’s what I would call it.”
“Your focus,” said Harry. His friend wasn’t making much sense. “I have no idea. No idea.”
When Harman-Karman didn’t reply, Harry said, “Your focus?”
“It helps.”
“What do you mean?”
“It helps me focus.”
“Well, obviously.”
“It’s more than that.”
“What exactly are you talking about?”
“Having a strong focus helps you focus.”
“And?”
“It helps keep everything else at bay.”
“Every thing else?”
“Yes, that’s exactly it.”
“Your focus does?”
“Alwyn Moore does.”
“I see.” That made a little more sense. Focus. Yes, he could see that. Especially if Harman-Karman focused, that’s one thing he was very good at, focus.
“Do you have any idea how I could find her?”
“No.”
“Know anyone who would?”
“I don’t. But you might.”
Which brought no reply from his friend. Not for the longest time. “Still there?” he asked.
“Yes, sorry.”
“I said that you, not me, might know someone who might.”
“That’s an astute observation, Harry.”
“Thanks.”
“And you’re all right?” said Harman-Karman.
“So far, so good.” He was doing okay, wasn’t he? Then added, perhaps as a joke, perhaps not, “But let me know if she has any sisters.”
“Sure, Harry. I will.”
“Excellent.” Then, “Really, Harman-Karman, are you really setting your sights on Alwyn Moore?”
“That’s a great way of putting it: setting your sights.”
“Thanks; but are you really?”
“Yes, Harry.”
“You’re crazy.”
“No doubt.”
“Really really?”
“Really really.”
“Doesn’t sound too feasible, or possible.”
“I know that.”
“But you’ve made up your mind?”
“I’m focused.”
“Oh, man,” said Harry.
“And you,” said Harman-Karman. “Are you starting it down?”
“I’m staring.”
And could think of nothing else to say. Eventually, as if to kill the silence, Harman-Karman said: “You take care now.”
“You too,” said Harry.” And good luck, with your focus.”
“Thanks, and you too, with your staring.”
Harry hung up. His hand shook a little. There was no rustle of leaves now, only the roar of the river, waters rising.


::83::
Harry’s Pine did his ancient best to fill his human. At first—during the cold shower, and then during the little tea ceremony—he succeed, and gained Harry some precious distance.
Until his telephone rang. Bringing the outside world, the Storm, crashing back upon him in the shape of his hunter friend.
After that he grew hard to help.


::84::
Harry walked back and forth through the house. Not unlike a caged animal, though the image did not occur to him. But he had found a grip on his resolve, to not, to not give in to the rising waters. And now he paced, paced, paced, room to room, past second by second of not doing of not doing what the river so insistently so insistently demanded he do.
Not bending, not bending.
Pacing, not thinking, pacing, not doing.
In the end he wore himself out, and by mid-afternoon he slumped back in his living room armchair, exhausted from not doing.
:
A vice, that was the first image. No, not a vice; Moses parting the Red Sea—the Stormy Sea—was the image; and not the parting but the ensuing rushing together again of the two walls of erect water. Slowly. Majestically. Inexorably. Seeking to press, fill, seep into every pore and cavity.
He resisted with his whole being. With parts of his being he did not recognize. For a moment it felt like he was generating force-screens, strong, water-proof vice-resistant force-screens, to keep the two massive walls of standing water apart, Harry in-between, the soon to be fatality.
Any moment now.
But his screens held, and now they held a little longer with the scent of pine in the air. And soft rustle. And held.
Immeasurable tons of water, of red, standing water, walls meeting above to form a tunnel now, a water-walled tunnel stretching out before him, humming with the need to collapse; at the far end: images: moving, swaying, beckoning.
Harry knew that were the screens to hold he must not look, must not grant them any existence, must in no way not pull them closer.
Shimmering in the far distance, they were the Storm’s key, they were what would unlock the screens to let the water come crashing down on him. They were the daemons what would slip in by unguarded invitation to open the vault of will from within, to beckon the Storm to come crashing and fill him entire.
He knew that a single glance in that direction would be fatal, would be tantamount to an invitation: for to see them is to create them, and to create them is to let them in.
But surely, one glance. One quick just-to-see-if-they-were-still-there glance, although he knew damn well they were. So why the glance? To make sure, to make extra, extra sure, he told himself; to fulfill: for without seeing, knowing, without perceiving—again—that they were still there, he would not know, would he? How could he? And not knowing, he would not be fulfilled, how could he? Unseen, they incompleted him. Unseen, he would remain, and forever: incomplete.
And so, choosing to ignore his own specious reasoning, the inner eye of Harry Oates lifted sufficiently to take in a stockinged leg, spreading out to reveal hunger, a vagina so moist, so shuddering with the need for him to enter, that all of Harry’s attention sped for her, Red Sea or no Red Sea, tunnel or no tunnel, crashing walls or no crashing walls.
:
And so, Harry Oates—now but another fatality—vented.
Once, twice, three times, and four, before he was sufficiently spent to regain a degree of self-will.
Messy. Very.
And to think that he thought he could. Laughable.
:
Afterward, he floated for a while, bopping like a bobber on the little ups and downs of rippling water. At peace. At last.
He hadn’t really failed. For there isn’t really such a thing as failure in the face of the Storm, is there? For it’s only natural, he told himself. Of course it’s only natural. It’s nature. Who was he to fight nature? He was part of nature, was part nature, how could he conceive of himself otherwise? And as long as he was part of nature—physically breathing, lungs, veins, stomach, genitalia, that sort of thing—he would, of course—wouldn’t he?—need to vent. Or he would overflow and explode.
Or he would suffocate for lack of breathing space, or he would be—and here came that interesting word again—or he would be incomplete.
Incomplete.
He tasted that word, that thought, and it had a piney taste to it. Rustling a little. Like food when you’re on a calorie-counting diet. You’ve had your 400 calorie lunch and your stomach knows it wants as much again to be happy. The feeling—at least for a minute or so—is of incompleteness. Just not complete without that desert, or another helping of French fries, whatever is within reach, really, which your stomach has a taste for.
In-com-plete. Not entire.
But here came that other word again, the one he’d ignored just a few moments ago, but which now rose again like a specter from some post-ethical nether region not so much tut-tutting as it approached—but that, too—as simply drawing closer to prove a point: failure.
He. Had. Failed.
He had decided not to, but he had done. A failure so fundamental it cannot be denied or hidden from: he had decided not to, but he had done.
And here it came, along with its siblings shame and dislike.
Failure.
An hour ago, thirty minutes ago, twenty minutes ago, he had still—no matter how confusedly, or crazily, or desperately, or sweatingly—been true to his own decision, still the master of his own actions. No longer so. Four minor explosions of semen—still fresh in memory—served to bear stern witness: he had failed.
What could possibly be more fundamental? Decide not to do, then do; or decide to do, then not do. Proving the point.
What point precisely?
Ultimate weakness, lack of strength in the face of obstacles. Incapable of. Lesser than. How can you live with that?
You forget and try again.
You forget and try again?
What else is there? Are you going to give up entirely?
But I’ve just shown that I can’t.
You can always start over.
I’ve already blown it.
True, true. This once.
This Season. I said I would, then didn’t.
Find something you can do, decide to do it, then do it.
Like what?
Like take a shower right now. You need it.
Okay, I’ll decide to take a shower right now.
Then do it.
I’ll do it right now. See, I’m standing up, I’m on my way.
And so Harry took a shower, dried himself down, and felt a little better about himself, though not much. He had, after all, decided to stare the Season down, something the Season apparently objected mightily to, and as a result decided to teach him a lesson or two about. Relative size, lessons like that.
But why? Why can’t I?
Why can’t you what?
Why can’t I stare it down? Rise above it?
Perhaps you don’t know precisely what to stare down, or what it is you want to rise above.
The Storm, of course. The Urge.
But what exactly is it? Where does it come from? And where is it going? And why is it?
I don’t know.
You don’t know.
I don’t know.
And that may be the reason you cannot stare it down, or ascend it. What precisely are you to stare down or ascend? The unknown is a formidable obstacle, a convincing whip.
So if I knew?
Possibly.
How can I find out?
You know as well as I do.
I do?
Sure.
With that Harry, dressed now, and looking out is living room window, sat down and closed his eyes. Something he should not have done for as he did his private tsunami rose again and engulfed him, venting him two more times.
Puppets and strings did not come to mind, but should have.


::85::
Harry’s pine tried again, and again, to enter his human, to fill him, to succor him, to gain him some precious distance; but the walls were too secure, the rising waters too infested.
His human had failed his noble intention. Miserably and shamefully—if Harry himself was to be believed. Not surprising to his Pine, for he had yet to see a human succeed, to see a human stand up to the waters once they rose and pried and squeezed through even the tiniest chink in the best willed armor.
For the Strom brooked no resistance—it was as if it fed on resistance itself, as if it usurped such strength as it took to defy it and turned this strength against the defyer. The devious cleverness of the Storm.
And again Harry’s Pine was very happy about the ur-choice made so many many pine generations ago, made a minute or so after the very dawn of time: to decline the offer of sex.
His human had become puppet. Impervious to the soothing presence of tree. Unable to sense and open, unable to let in.
Still, Harry’s Pine tried again to relieve the pressure, but Harry was in the tunnel now, laboring away and now headed for another small explosion and another convincing piece of evidence that he was not strong enough.
:
For a while Harry Pine did nothing. Nothing, that is, aside from filling the room where Harry was slaving away, to vent, as Harry thought of it. He filled it just to stand by, to be there just in case the tunnel walls would weaken and perhaps give access; though at the moment, red and glistening, and driving Harry the puppet toward yet another climax, the situation didn’t hold out too much hope.
Once in the tunnel humans are lost to trees.
Down the street a Juniper and an Elm were having a discussion with a Canary Island Pine about their human—out hunting. He listened in for a while, and even partook in their conversation. Not wholeheartedly, however, for he was concerned, very much so, about Harry the puppet, drowning, and drowning inside his house.
:
And again he filled Harry’s living room, filled it so much that even the tiniest of tunnel wall fissures would have gained him entry, but no doing: Harry was keeping the walls intact, red and pulsing, noisy with zeal.
Harry’s Pine sighed, then withdrew.


::86::
And again.
Harry was wondering where on earth was it coming from? He’d been at it all day. Was he handling some kind of backlog? Well, of course he was handling some kind of backlog, eleven months worth of backlog—and he smiled to himself at that, true or not—and again: the tunnel clamored for release, and again he set out to oblige.
Well, now that he’d blown it anyway, why not enjoy it, at least a little.
Or a lot.
And finally.
The tunnel receded, but not much. Breathing space, barely. Though Harry thought he heard the rustle of leaves, or the wind in his pine, but it must have been memory—or hope—for the stillness, now that he listened, was rustle-free.
Still, it was as if, as if, and the memory of smell of pine begged him to listen again, perhaps. But there were no trees in Harry’s living room. Only tunnel, and it was gathering itself for another onslaught.
As Harry sank. Again.

Helen and Larry Suffolk


::87::
Helen woke first. She usually did, except during the Season when, as a rule, it was Larry who gently—or not so gently—shook, prodded, stirred her awake—he himself shook, prodded, stirred awake by need demanding he now shake, prod, stir awake hers too.
But this, the first official, morning of the Season, Larry was still snoring softly by her side when she turned over and opened here eyes. She twisted her arm free to see what time it was, angled her watch face toward the soft corner light to make out the dials: five minutes to eight. She knuckled her eyes clear of sleep, and hoped that she wouldn’t get a headache from oversleeping; anything beyond six in the morning was oversleeping for Helen, and for Larry too, still not so much snoring as moaning in his sleep. Well, they had been up most of the night, she remembered, and giggled softly to herself. No wonder he was still asleep.
:
She reached for the remote control and turned on the television, looking for and finding the mute button before the sound would wake Larry.
News at Eight. And the Season in full swing, by the looks of things.
And then an odd Alwyn Moore gazed into the den, then down at a sheet of paper in her hand, is if collecting herself, then she took a deep breath, and looked back up and right at Helen.
Helen unmuted the set, scrambling at the same time to lower the volume. Strange, Helen thought, not the Alwyn Moore she was used to seeing. No make-up for one, hair pony-tailed for another.
Alwyn Moore said, “Arrak has threatened to kill me.”
“Arrak has threatened to raze other convents.
“Arrak, by death and threats and violence, wants to muzzle us, make us bend to their demands.
Helen, interested, turned the volume up just a little, but that was enough to stir Larry awake who now sat up, looked at his wife, then over at the television set. Helen put a finger to her lips, I want to hear this.
“Well, Ladies and Gentlemen, this station, for one, will not be cowed into performance, or silence, and I am sure the same is true for our colleagues here in Los Angeles and across the country.
“The moment the public media gives in to blackmail, truth ceases to exist and there is only propaganda.”
KTLA’s star reporter paused again, as if gathering herself. She’s in heat, realized Helen, the woman is in bloom, fighting it down. A deep breath, then:
“We received this threat a little over ten minutes ago,” she said and held up a piece of paper. “In this email to the station, Arrak promises to, as they put it, put an end to the myth and person of Alwyn Moore for her laughable attempt to thwart our mission.”
Then she paused. Re-gathering.
“Each person on this Earth has the freedom to choose. I know many would argue that, especially now, with the arrival of the new Season, but even so. Each individual is free to choose, and if a person chooses to devote his or her life to religion, or to science, or to public service, it is a personal, and a sacrosanct choice, which must be honored by others.
“The moment this freedom is stolen, either by government—as in some African and Asian countries—or by blackmailers like Arrak, life—the beautiful thing we all do our best to cope with—this life ceases to exist, and becomes, instead, slavery.”
She paused again; not for effect, Helen realized, but it might has well have been, for it was very effective.
Then, again looking straight at Helen:
“This is Alwyn Moore saying goodbye for now. I will see you again after the Season. Stay safe.”
The anchor returned: “Thanks Alwyn. And good luck to you. You stay safe too.”
:
“Did you see that?” said Helen.
Larry had, and nodded, yes. Sure.
“Poor woman.”
“What?”
“They’ll kill her now.”
“Who?”
“Didn’t you hear what she said?”
“The nuns?”
“Arrak. They’ve threatened to kill her. And after killing all those nuns, yes,” Helen stopped. Took a closer look at Larry who was no longer listening to her, but—judging by the tent formed by the sheet—was ready to resume last nights activities.
And, come to think of it, so was she.
She turned off the television set, put away the remote, turned to her husband, and picked up where they had left off, exhausted, a few hours earlier.

Lara West


::88::
Lara West was safe among the trees.
She had just eaten first one, then another can of pineapple, drinking the juice right out of the can once the thick, sweet, yellow slices were all gone. In her eagerness, or thirst, really, she spilled some of the juice on her sweater. Wondered then if it would leave a stain if she didn’t soak it in water right away. Decided it probably would, and so changed into a shirt instead, and brought the sweater down to the edge of the water and soaked it for several minutes; the cool water welcoming her hands, not really cold, just kissing her fingers with the memory of cold, comforting her with the silky grip that is water.
She brought the dripping sweater back to her cave; wrung it softly on the way, then hung it to dry.
She was still hungry though, and went rummaging for another can of pineapple, one more should do it.
Then there was a knocking on the door, which struck her as very odd at first, since the cave didn’t have a door, and odder still now that the door no longer sounded like a door but like an alarm clock, an alarm clock begging to be let into the pineappley shelter of trees and lake.
And wouldn’t take no for an answer.
And wouldn’t take no for an answer.
Until Lara finally awoke, looked over at the alarm clock which she had forgot to disarm the night before, now screaming: seven o’clock over and over and over, and then she reached it and said, yes, I hear you.
She fell back and looked up at the ceiling. Distant and gray. Overcast. Not much of a welcome. Not like trees at all.
Was the last thought she had before she drifted back to sleep, returning to the cave and the missing third can of pineapple.
Must be here somewhere. And then she slipped another layer and into black, and didn’t dream at all.
She woke up again with a start: pineapple.
She was starving.
The ceiling was still overcast, the room was cold. She hugged the quilt around her for warmth, and reached for the remote control. The little bedroom television sizzled into life with the News at Eight.
Lara watched—still not absolutely sure where, precisely, she was—how exactly the world was going crazy, and not so far away either.
Going crazy. But what had she expected?
:
An unmade-up Alwyn Moore filled the screen, she looked very serious. No, determined, she decided. Quite determined. She didn’t say anything for a while, just sat there with a sheet of paper in her hand.
Then she looked up and said: “Arrak has threatened to kill me.”
“Arrak has threatened to raze other convents. Arrak, by death and threats and violence, wants to muzzle us, make us bend to their demands.”
Lara, all the way awake now, turned up the volume.
“Well, Ladies and Gentlemen, this station, for one, will not be cowed into performance, or silence, and I am sure the same is true for our colleagues here in Los Angeles and across the country.
“The moment the public media gives in to blackmail, truth ceases to exist and there is only propaganda.”
“We received this threat a little over ten minutes ago,” she said and held up the sheet of paper. “In this email to the station, Arrak promises to, as they put it, put an end to the myth and person of Alwyn Moore for her laughable attempt to thwart our mission.”
Lara shivered a little, and not from the chill in the room, though partly that too.
“Each person on this Earth has the freedom to choose. I know many would argue that, especially now, with the arrival of the new Season, but even so. Each individual is free to choose, and if a person chooses to devote his or her life to religion, or to science, or to public service, it is a personal, and a sacrosanct choice, which must be honored by others.”
Lara, could not agree more. Fascinated now by this woman, whom she had never really liked, and now did.
“The moment this freedom is stolen, either by government—as in some African and Asian countries—or by blackmailers like Arrak, life—the beautiful thing we all do our best to cope with—this life ceases to exist, and becomes, instead, slavery.”
Alwyn Moore paused, as if fighting for balance, then looked straight at Lara:
“This is Alwyn Moore saying goodbye for now. I will see you again after the Season. Stay safe.”
The anchor returned and said something Lara missed for a strange certainty had risen and threatened to drown everything else: this was all her fault. If only she had left for the glade, this would not have happened.
Her staying had killed all those nuns.
But that was crazy, of course. Utterly.
Of course.
She hugged the blanket around her, and shivered a little again; this time all from the room. The gray, overcast, tree-less room.
Would the glade miss her?, she wondered. Would those tall and indifferent trees even remember? Would they realize she had not come this year?
Part of her hope, really hoped that they did.
Then she thought again of that determined black reporter denouncing tyranny, and again she agreed with all her heart. Now there was someone taking a stand, making things happen. She admired the effort, and the courage, a little daunted by the risk—she realized—that the woman must be taking. These Arrak people were not joking.
:
And then there was another knock, on another door. Another alarm.
Another disturbing presence. Demanding Entry.
At first she looked around for the source of the sound: the telephone, the front door—none of those, not the alarm clock. Her bedroom window, too, was silent.
Even though she knew she would find nothing she rose and went into her living room, perhaps those windows, the wind, branches, a bird perhaps. No.
She sank back onto the sofa and closed her eyes, or perhaps they remained open—later she wasn’t sure. She saw, whether eyes closed or not, her right hand slither down her belly and into the warm and insistent voice she finally heard. As if coming from Arcadia Blue, that isolation cell, that first Season when she wasn’t sure what to expect.
Staying here, away from the protection of trees, she had not been sure what to expect; but now, observing herself reaching for the itch that was more pain than itch, she realized that she should have. Known.
:
For she fell. Over and back and down and falling still she found the itch and the movement that would still it—no, not still it at first: intensify it, to bring it out and up and into explosion to then still. And as she fell the walls turned pink then red then pulsing and the room became cell became tunnel became gullet became insatiable—falling still.
:
Falling, she knew what she was doing but knew, too, that she was powerless not to. Rising—still now, breathing hard but evenly—she knew what she had done: she had done precisely what she—she—had decided not to do, and what now washed over her in one sickening wave after another was, first, shame, then dislike, then hatred: the hatred the quelled feel for the quellor. And all aimed at herself for not leaving when she could have; for now she could no longer.
She knew that as the blood-colored gullet yawned again for another swallow.

Neutered


::89::
It’s been a long night.
Sometimes I don’t notice it, how long they are; they spin by so fast you never stand still long enough to worry about things like that, there’s just one thing after another to take care of.
But sometimes I do notice; those times when things disturb me, and the disturbing was well on its way from the moment they told me they’d let him go in the morning. Setting the killer free. Same as, I kept telling them that, but they would not listen.
His sister did come to collect him at eight. None to happy, I could tell. No love lost between those two, but collect him he did. Next of kin and such.
I had to get him some crutches, which he wouldn’t take at first, not until he discovered he could not walk without them—what an idiot.
Last I saw of him he was hobbling behind his sister toward the elevators. I felt like spitting after him but that wouldn’t do. Instead I turned to see what else, what last things: my shift was over, finally.
I don’t like traveling during the season. I prefer staying put. But what can you do?
The 47 bus was late—buses are always late, only just more so during the Season. But then it came, laboring around the corner like a steel whale, leaning a little, then straightening out and sighing to a stop where we stood, me and a half dozen others—also working at St. Mary’s, I recognized them. The bus sighed again to open its mouths to let us in.
I knew the driver. Well, knew might be too strong a word. Still, he smiled at me as if he knew me. Then said, “Night shift?”
To which I answered, “Yes.” And I tried to smile. Nothing’s to be gained by not being polite. Mom used to say that a lot. She was always right about things like that.
I wish my bus would go from a St. Mary’s A to an Alta Dena B (that’s where I rent my apartment), but it doesn’t. It’s more like a slow-moving sightseeing service for Southern California, and by the time I stepped off the bus it was almost nine o’clock. Well, that’s just ridiculous.
Still, I said “thanks” to the driver, who smiled at me, before he sighed the door shut behind me and urged his whale into motion.
I live modestly. More than modestly. Tersely. That’s how mom puts it. Tersely. I can come up with a lot of adjectives that would describe my one room apartment better—that’s one bedroom, a living room, and a kitchenette just off the living room, to your left just as you walk in—but then again I think of it as terse (although apartments can’t be terse, not really) and have to agree with mom: it’s terse.
It’s light though: on the third floor facing south—actually, more like southeast, thought not quite; what is it they say, south by southeast? Or is it south-southeast. Anyway, I get a lot of sun in the morning, and during the day, though not so much in the evening, which suits me just fine.
Light and terse.
:
I think briefly about fixing myself something to eat before I go to bed, but, honestly, I’m too tired. Instead I drink some juice and sit down for a moment on my terse living room sofa, and look out into the terse south by southeast sky which is all light blue by now, some white sunlit clouds, ignorant of the madness below. Ah, to be a cloud.
To have no idea.
A new record, said Bernstein just before I left. Record? I asked. Forty-nine. He said.
Admissions? I wanted to know.
Yes.
We don’t have forty-nine beds, I pointed out.
They had to put some in the basement, he said. A new record. He seemed almost proud of it, as if this was his doing, his achievement, something that would earn him a plaque.
Forty forty-nine (we have forty beds in our ward) made it up to our floor last night, and during the morning hours. It was crazy insane wild ridiculous, but not in a way that makes time go fast, quite the opposite. It slowed time down it was so crazy, as if there were to be no end to his one.
Yes, we filled up all the beds, and, if Bernstein is to be believed—and why should I doubt him, he looked so proud—we began stacking them in the basement as well. Four died within the hour. Three more before I left, all on the ward, freeing up beds. Whether they then moved people up from the basement or brought us new ones to refill the beds I don’t know.
When it gets that busy it’s not much you can do for them. Lots of morphine, the worst ones into surgery to set limbs, cut out bullets, stem bleedings, that sort of thing. Most of our guests come to us from the losing side of fights. Some—you can usually tell by scratches, UII victims scratch a lot at first—winners, but so injured during the fight that I don’t see how they possibly could have functioned sexually; much less enjoyed it. But they seemed to, some arrived with grins on their faces: things carried out. This while bleeding so much they would be dead by now—should be dead by now—had they not been found and picked up and brought it.
Crazy insane wild ridiculous, and slow. An awful night.
And then to let the killer go. There really is not rhyme or reason to all of this. And I really should get some sleep.
I have to be back there in ten hours.

Fletcher Jones


::90::
“Oh, anywhere is fine,” he said.
Sam asked, “You have the pills?”
Fletcher patted his pocket. “Yes.”
After some driving Sam said, “Here’s fine.” Then she turned around and asked him, “Got any money?”
“No.”
“Here,” she said and handed two twenties over her shoulder.”
“Thanks,” he said.
He got out of the car.
“Take care,” said his sister.
“Yes, take care,” echoed his brother-in-law. And off they drove, leaving him, knee achier by the minute now, and his gut and erection throbbing with Storm, on the sidewalk. Not even waiting for him to answer. Not had had planned to.
Florence somewhere. Fletcher did not recognize precisely where.
He rested on his crutches, looked around. Landmarks. Familiar signs. No. Could not place exactly where he was, couldn’t see any street names either from where he stood. He sampled the air. Sampled it again. And again.
Didn’t really care where, precisely, he was. There was plenty to choose from.
If only the damn knee. Then he remembered the pills. As he pulled the bottle out of his pockets, the two twenty-dollar bills Sam had given him fluttered to the ground, and he had trouble, real fucking serious trouble, bending down to pick them up. Fuck.
Then he dropped his bottle, which rolled away from him, mimicking his sister and her god-damn husband. He put the money in his back pocket, then hobbled over and stooped again; another fucking production just to catch the bottle and pick it up. Fuck.
Caught it though. Took two pills, which he couldn’t swallow without something to drink, so he chewed them instead, and chewed some more into dry and bitter powder which was hard to swallow.
He fitted his crutches to his armpits, they seemed sore already: don’t tell me they’re going to fucking hurt, too. This was going to take some getting used to.
Then he hobbled a few steps, stopped, sampled the air again, and found her scent.
Clear and calling. For him.
:
She entered his nostrils and filled his head, filled his body, drove the aching knee away—with some help from the painkiller, perhaps—lifted him in the direction of.
He turned once, twice. And again. There. Not two blocks away.
The sidewalk ceased being sidewalk, turned shallow river upon which he floated, walking on smoothly flowing water in the direction of.
The buildings, to his left, and across the street, to his right, approached each other, narrowing the channel, forming a ravine, elevating the river to rapids, flow to turbulence as he moved—unaware of his hobbling, of the already pain in his armpits—in the direction of.
The sky first lowered then darkened then shifted from blue to magenta and farther still to red, and redder still, as he ran, fled, raged in the direction of.
One block away, not even that.
He turned to his left, filled anew with the explosion of need that rushed his nostrils, and then saw her, moving away from him but not at his speed.
Other scents: other needs: grittingly from behind, breathingly from his left, urgently from farther left, rapidly from ahead, in the direction of.
He stopped, turned, saw. He was not alone. Of course not; how dumb can you fucking get? To think. He took more careful stock: one was approaching from up ahead, smoothly on undamaged legs, not looking left or right but only at the honey who herself had now stopped and was looking around, either alarmed or thrilled by the attention rushing her way; two were approaching from his left—half a block apart, one of them running now; a fourth one was coming up from behind, running too. And each on the same scent, no question about it.
The one up ahead was closing in on the woman now, as was Fletcher. The others closing as well.
Fletcher could not tell whether or not the honey was smiling as she slipped into a recess leading to a closed electrical supply store: gated, gone for the season. There she stopped, and yes, definitely smiling now, all this wicked attention—oh, you’re going to get what you have coming, honey.
Though he really should have backed off: a weak but realistic voice tried to make itself heard, drowned by the escalating rush of need. He was not going to listen to that shit. This was his honey, he had spotted her first, he was the closest, she was his by right. He’d be fucked if he’d back off.
Instead he set out again, picking up speed now, almost leaping onto his crutches (which should have hurt his armpits—probably did—but he wasn’t about to notice, not in his condition), making good headway.
He got there first, almost.
The man approaching from ahead had a couple of steps on him, and as he drew up beside the woman—not a bad looking one, either, now that he got a better look—the man planted himself, arms bent and hands fisted.
“Forget it, pal.”
He looked soft to Fletcher. And young. He had the size on him, but not the strength, Fletcher was certain of it. If only his damn knee.
“Listen, kid. Why don’t you disappear? And no one gets hurt.”
“What? You? A cripple?”
Fletcher had had enough of this, and raised his right crutch as a weapon. Brought it back to strike, when someone grabbed it from behind, ripped it out of his grasp, and kicked him heavily in his back.
All of his weight shifted to his damaged knee and suddenly pain arrived from everywhere.
Someone else arrived, and instead of engaging the man who still held Fletcher’s crutch, he joined him in delivering well-placed and fever-induced kicks into the writhing shape of Fletcher Jones.
As did someone else just arriving from the darkness.
:
Fletcher Jones knew that remaining on the ground meant death. This was a certainty.
He curled, thrashed, rolled, and tried to elbow himself away from the killing shoes, shoes, boots, boots. But always into the path of a new kick, another broken rib, unseeing eye, or punctured organ.
With a scream, as loudly as he had ever screamed, he heaved himself up onto  his knees, then onto his feet, fueled now not by lust but by sheer survival—the raw need to stay alive. His left knee threatened to buckle under the strain, now that pain no longer wielded authority. But that meant back on the ground and meant death, so instead Fletcher spun and lurched at the face of an amused, then surprised middle aged man, and buried his right index finger in the man’s eye. Pushed and pushed and ripped it right out of the socket.
The man screamed, almost as loudly as Fletcher—still calling up strength from that final source that refuses to die—then grasped his face, hands now read and stick with blood, then turned, ran. One less.
Fletcher made to turn to the next man, but the baseball bat hit him first. He never saw it, had not seen it, it simply arrived with the sickening sound that said crushed bone, shards of which now bore into his brain, deeper and deeper as the bat slowed and slowed to a standstill, and then fell away from his face.
Fletcher didn’t hear the bone crush, nor did he hear the shards splinter and enter what he had not really thought of as home, but had nonetheless occupied for a troubled lifetime; it was more like an internal acceptance that death had (from some unknown unseen somewhere) arrived unexpectedly—for he had really thought he could fight his way out of this, knee or no knee.
Death arrived as echo to the impact, first by color, than by ripple, then by falling, and falling, and finally—once what had just moments ago been the wailing swinging tearing ripping Fletcher Jones now lay crumbled broken and bleeding, heaped, disregarded—as rising.
He was surprised. Very.
That he could see what was him—no, used to be him—being prodded by toes of shoes and boots, turning him over—that thing that wasn’t really him—turning it over to view the vacant blood-filled stare of the recently deceased.
They backed off then, the remaining three men, each drawing deep lungfuls of breath as if steadying themselves, as if refueling. One less contender. Two less, actually.
The woman tried not to smile, but the power that surged through her—that she was the source of this, that she had brought about this ultimate sacrifice to her allure—left the smile intact. She quickly surveyed the remaining men, assessing; then retreated a step, then another, into the recessed entrance, out of harm’s way from the fight that any second now would erupt again: there was no team here, only individuals intent on the price, intent, come what may, to prevail and then mount her.
Fletcher could not see her thoughts, but nonetheless knew what she was thinking as he saw her step back into the recess, while the remaining men began circling.
Then, another voice, and Fletcher suddenly found himself elsewhere.

Arrak


::91::
The man Alwyn Moore had presumed their leader, the one neither James nor Tom; the one in a suit so navy blue as to amount to black, with a matching turtleneck; the one with gray hair and a finely trimmed full beard. The one who didn’t speak. That one who now rubbed the bridge of his nose with thumb and index finger, as if he had been wearing glasses for too long and was now easing built up pressure.
But it was not his nose that ached, it was his head.
And he had a name. It was Raphael. And he was indeed their leader.
He sat with James (who’s name was not James, but Sharid) and Tom (who’s name was Thomas) and three other men—all generals of his organization—in an elegant corner office in the same building and on the same floor where they had taken Alwyn Moore less than twenty-four hours ago.
Sharid, still dressed in his gray, double-breasted suite and bluish shirt—though he may have slept in these clothes: they had lost their crispness over the last many hours—looked at Raphael with a mixture of concern and apprehension, then over at Thomas, then over at the others, but said nothing.
It was, Thomas, still also in a gray suit—though he had changed from his white collar-less shirt to an expensive black jersey—who spoke. “My take is she perished in the fire.”
Raphael’s hand went still. He opened his eyes and looked up at Thomas.
“Your take?”
“Yes, Raphael.”
“But we don’t know, do we?”
“No.”
“And the older woman, her mother. She escaped the fire?”
“Yes,” Sharid said. “She was found outside, on the grounds.”
“Shot?” said Raphael, wanting confirmation.
“Shot,” confirmed Thomas.
“And you think Miss Moore remained in the building after her mother made it out?”
“There is no trace of her,” offered one of the other three men.
Raphael looked up at him.
“Which means precisely what?” he asked.
“Which means that she either perished in the flames, or that she has escaped,” said Sharid.
“That is precisely what it means,” said Raphael. “We will not know for sure until later today, or tomorrow—once they’ve sifted through the ashes, if indeed they will get to that at this point—whether she is dead. However,” and he looked from one of his generals to the other, “for now we will assume that she is not dead; that she has escaped.”
“I don’t see how,” began one of the men, but meeting Raphael’s eyes he fell silent.
“She had help,” said Raphael. “Good help. Two of our teams—three, in fact—are dead. To a man. Her four guards are dead too. Someone else, either one or several, must have come to her rescue.”
He paused to again look at them each in turn. “We will proceed on the assumption that Miss Moore is alive. And we will find her, and we will kill her.”
Thomas nodded.
Sharid said, “Yes. Yes, we will.”
Raphael dismissed no one, so no one left. He fell silent again, however, and resumed rubbing the bridge of his nose.
Three teams had failed to kill this woman. And two additional teams had failed to find her. Perhaps she was dead, perhaps she had stayed in the basement of the house for some reason, perhaps she ran back to get something, who knows what, and then didn’t make it back out.
Perhaps. Perhaps.
But, and he grimaced at the thought, not very likely. It was presumptive, and it was wishful thinking. And wishful thinking was not something they could afford. Not now. Not now that they had played their hand.
They must remain invincible. Not only invincible in the public’s eye, but invincible in fact. The Moore woman made them less than; had made them vincible. Was that even a word? He grimaced again. Then he looked up at Sharid, a glance that said, you stay; and with his hand he dismissed the others.


::92::
With roots reaching back to fourteenth century Persia, Arrak has since the second half of the twentieth century operated out of Los Angeles.
This city, they held—and for good reason—had by then already become what the world eventually would—say, in another century or two: a melting pot of all races, creeds, colors—a microcosm of the planet Earth. If, so their reasoning went, they could conquer this city, they would be well prepared, and would, in the end, conquer the world.
Conquer is a strong word: subjugate to one’s will. But no lesser aim was held by Arrak.
Annually, for as long as the Earth had spun around the sun, for as long as sentient man had spun along with Him, for one glorious moon, the seed of the Earth rose again in its might and splendor. This was man’s true heritage, and true mission. To welcome and bend to the will of the seed. To yield. To procreate. To plant the seed and assure the race.
And if not by consent, then by persuasion.
And if not by persuasion, then by fire.
By the fourteenth century the teachings of Jesus Kristus—opposing as they did the will of the seed—had gained unforeseen footing, and was now knocking on Persia’s doors.
:
In late spring of the year 1367, three men—known as Ramin, Iraj, and Behrad, and hunters all—met in a magnificent villa on the shores of the Tigris river.
Ramin and Iraj, who had traveled many days by camel and horse, were tired from the journey but nonetheless declined the offer of a day’s rest before meeting with Behrad, their host, and who’s home they had travelled to.
Ramin was a northern patriarch of The Seed of the Father, a sprawling union of hunters dedicated to the planting of the seed.
Iraj, similarly, was the leader of the eastern Union of the Rising, another brotherhood of hunters.
Behrad, both the most secretive, and the most influential of the three, governed the southern League of the Seed, a fraternity of hunters whose creed sang the glory of rape—the opposed planting.
There were other leagues, other fraternities of hunters, both in Persia and farther north and east, but these were the three that mattered the most, and since each had developed an impressive intelligence gathering network, they were each aware of that very fact.
And of the new problem with the Kristians.
Of course, the followers of Kristus had been around for over a millennium already, but never before had they truly threatened the hunt. And, up until now, they had stuck to their original territory out west, hugging the green waters of the Mediterranean.
But of late:  
Kristian churches—clandestine in the main, but churches all the same—had over the last fifty years sprung up in the country at an alarming rate, preaching the blasphemous gospel of Kristus and vilifying the annual resurrection.
Storm, they called it.
Ascension they called it, the rising above the Storm.
Kristus, they said, had risen above the Storm, had risen above the resurrection of the Seed and deemed the Red Moon a prison, a shackle, a fetter, a yoke that man the slave must bare. Lies, all lies.
Until now—rumors of Kristus had rolled through the country like swells over the centuries—Kristus had been a mythical—and much ridiculed—figure, whom no one took very seriously. Until now.
Women in particular—according to their intelligence—had begun to take to these blasphemous teachings, and reports now told of withdrawal into the desert, or into the mountains—come the annual Rising—of both men and women. Reports of women hiding and withholding from men their rightful entry. Reports of men even castrating themselves in an effort to ascend what Kristus called the Storm.
Behrad had sent his spies west, and his intelligence confirmed this. Followers of Kristus hid in caves, or stone monasteries resembling caves, where they pledged to ascend the Rising of the Seed, the Storm. Refusing the Earth, and threatening the hunt, and so the race.
And now these Kristians were infesting Persia.
The Khan—though recently, and repeatedly, urged by various leagues and brotherhoods, to hunt down and eradicate every trace of Kristus from the face of their ancient land—had taken no action, and it had to be assumed that his secret sympathies lay with Kristus, or with Mohammed, or with Buddha—he was said to had dabbled in the teachings of all three—but not with the Earth.
And so, Behrad finally sent urgent word to Ramin and Iraj to make haste for talks.
Servants had now plied them with wine and cheese and fruit; guards stood at the outer gates and at all entrances to the villa. Behrad personally ensured no one was within hearing before he, too, sat down to help himself to a goblet of wine.
He was a tall, dark man. Much gold in the form of rings and necklaces, earrings and studs. Yellow teeth spoke of spicy meats—though this day he served none in deference to Iraj, whom he knew to be vegetarian. He took a large swallow of the chilled wine and returned the goblet to the finely cut marble slab that served as a table.
Ramin and Iraj waited in silence. By tradition it was for the host to speak the first words. And then he did. Looked at them both, drew breath.
“The Seed of the Earth is the truth of the Earth. Without the Seed there is no Earth. Without the Earth there is no Seed.”
Ramin shifted. Iraj sat motionless.
“Our purpose is the will of the Seed.”
Of course. This was shared dogma. Truth. Protocol rather than news.
“The Kristians, we know—and have known for centuries—oppose the Truth of the Earth; they deny Man’s nature, and they hide from the Earth what rightly belongs to the Earth.”
This, too, was known. This is why they were there.
“The Earth and its hunters are displeased.”
No disagreements there.
“This must stop.”
Then silence. The voice of a neighing horse made it past the sentries to disturb them. Bickering birds. The wind. Even the slow murmur of the river made it through, a carpet for the ear.
“This we know,” said Ramin at length. Iraj nodded his agreement.
“This must stop,” said Behrad.
Ramin and Iraj exchanged glances.
“How?” said Iraj. “Are we to petition the Khan again?”
“The Khan,” said Behrad. It sounded like a curse. “The Khan faces Mecca eight times a day. He is not to be trusted.”
“Still,” said Iraj. “He has a duty to his people.”
“The Khan’s only duty is to the Khan,” said Ramin.
Behrad laughed. “Well spoken.”
Iraj frowned. “He condones the Kristians, I believe, out of fear.”
“Fear of what?” asked Behrad.
“Of death,” said Iraj.
Neither of the other two men answered, though booth looked Iraj’s way.
Iraj added, “He fears death, and is unsure who governs: Kristus, Mohammed, or Buddha. He hedges his bets.”
Behrad laughed again. Then took another swallow of wine. “The Khan is a spineless old man, mating with any whore-religion he can find.”
Even Iraj, not given to jokes, smiled at that. Then spoke.
“How, then?”
“Fire,” said Behrad.
“Fire?” asked Ramin.
“Secret Fire,” said Behrad.
“Secret Fire,” repeated Ramin, no longer a question, more like a speculation—could Behrad mean what he thought he meant?
“Fire of the Earth. We shall do the Earth’s bidding,” said Behrad.
“The Earth does not act in secret,” said Iraj.
“The Earth does not set fires,” said Behrad. “Lightning does at times. Volcanoes erupt at times. But the Earth does not seek out and burn the blasphemous Kristian.”
Ramin smiled, “But must be seen to do so.”
Behrad smiled, too.
“What,” asked Iraj, “are you saying?”
“I am saying that Nero knew how to deal with them,” said Behrad. “He burned them.”
“The Kristians?”
“Yes.”
“And so must we?”
Behrad smiled again. “Their monks, their preachers, nuns, worshippers, their so-called ascenders. Yes, they must burn.”
“And the fire?” asked Ramin, although he knew the answer.
“The fire is the Earth exacting vengeance,” said Behrad. “The Earth showing displeasure and demanding obedience.”
“How?” asked Iraj. “How, precisely?”
“You agree, do you not Iraj, that the Kristians, by their mere existence, insult the Earth?”
“They do.”
“And do not you agree that the Earth, had it hands with which to do so, would set these blasphemers alight?”
“He would.”
“We, Iraj, are the hands of the Earth. We are the Earth’s vengeance.”
“You? Me? Ramin?”
“Yes, Iraj.”
“So I ask again,” said Iraj to Behrad, “how, precisely?”
Behrad took the other two men in for several heartbeats. Then spoke.
“We are the hands of the Earth.” Then fell silent again.
Ramin nodded, it was as he had anticipated. Iraj, looking from one man to the next suddenly saw.
Behrad smiled. “Who better?” he said. “We have spies and agents by the thousands. We have but to tell them.”
“But never to be seen,” said Iraj. “Never seen.”
“No,” said Behrad. “Never seen.”
“The hands of the Earth,” said Ramin. “The unseen hands.”
Again, Iraj studied the other two men at length, as if weighing virtues and disadvantages, as if the answer lay in their eyes. Then he smiled.
“It will work.”
“Among ourselves, we shall be known as Arrak,” said Behrad.
Then, from among the folds of his dark cape, he brought out a small, ornately decorated, golden box, which he clicked open to reveal the light brown powder. He brought a small pinch of it to his nose and snorted twice, once for each nostril.
Then he passed the box to his two collaborators.


::93::
They must remain invincible.
Raphael stood up and walked over to the window. The sun had burned away the morning clouds and was now rising on a fine California day. He took in the buildings, the hills beyond, sheets of mist still cradling the foot of the Hollywood sign. He turned to Sharid.
“When will we know for sure?”
“Whether she burned?”
“Yes.”
“I doubt they’ll even investigate. They are spread thin as it is.”
“Not even Mr. Small? He was a friend of Miss Moore, wasn’t he? Or is a friend.”
“I doubt it.”
“Then we will have to.”
That earned him a quick glance. But Sharid understood. They had to know.
Raphael turned back to the outside view. After a brief silence he asked:
“Is vincible even a word?” As much of the window as of Sharid.
“Vincible?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t think so. There’s invincible.”
“I know.”
“I’ve never heard of vincible.”
“Well, if it is a word, it something we must not appear.”
“Vincible?”
“Never before, never in over six hundred years have we identified the hand of the Earth.”
“I know.”
“It must not appear vincible.”
“It isn’t.”
“It will appear vincible if the Moore woman is still alive.”
Sharid nodded. He understood. “We will make sure. I will send a team to search the ashes.”
Raphael nodded, but said nothing.
And said nothing.
:
Sharid reported back to Raphael late that afternoon. The news were not good. Not only could his team find any trace of Miss Moore, but neither could Blackburn Smith—who in fact had arrived on the scene early afternoon, so suddenly that the team—alerted by the lookout—barely made its escape before he, and an assistant, pulled up.
Two members of the team remained behind, concealed within earshot.
It seemed Blackburn Smith had come for the very same reason Arrak had: to verify Alwyn Moore’s fate.
After two hours of sifting through the still smoldering remains of the Moore house, Blackburn Smith had said two things to his assistant which the team brought back to Sharid.
The first was: Arson, no doubt.
The second was: No human remains. None.
Raphael did not take the news well. Not that he let it show. Perhaps his face turned a faint shade of sad—something only Sharid would notice, perhaps it didn’t.
“So she lives?”
“Yes.”
“We must find her.”
“Yes.”
“And Sharid.”
“Yes.”
“She must burn. She must be seen burning. You must film it.”
“Yes.”
“You must film her burning.”
“Yes.”
The symbolism was not lost on Sharid. Of course. The Earth must remain invincible. He nodded. Then he remembered. He had looked it up earlier:
“By the way, Raphael. Vincible is a word.”

Part III — Storm


::94::
As many people died as were engendered—sometimes more, that was the grim equation for centuries. At least on paper, and at least as far as researchers have been able to extrapolate from the slow to non-existent population growth during that long ago stretch of ignorance.
Society during the Dark and Middle Ages was a tenuous proposition at best, and once the Storm arrived, what little order had managed to gain a foothold evaporated quickly to give way to the devastating free-for-all called the Storm.
Too add to the woes of no or negative population growth (not that anyone worried about it at the time—no professional worries around) Kristianity had now developed a shaky grip on Europe whereby ascension was preached and promised during the Calm but promptly forgotten at the first Seasonal breeze, no matter how much fire and how much brimstone the priests—mostly busy copulating themselves—threatened their fledgling congregations with. True, monasteries and convents had been built, and small populations of nuns and monks did their best to ascend—one or two even succeeded, though they were few—and later called Saints; in the main, however, the Earth would have its way.
It was not until the end of the 18th Century, as the musings of the ancient Greek philosophers began to filter through the cumulative amnesia of an age, that the thought arose anew: perhaps the Storm has a source; perhaps it can be found; perhaps there is a cure.
Of course, not everybody wanted a cure, or could be bothered to look for one if they did. Still, there were those—observing the absurdity of the month-long contortion—who vowed to seek, and find, its fountainhead: and so, modern Western Philosophy was born.
It has been estimated that by mid-19th Century all thoughts that could be thought and all theories that could be formed—no matter how far-fetched—had indeed been thought or formed. Philosophy since then has for the most part consisted of support of or opposition to such thoughts and theories. Few if any new notions have since risen.
Science, of course, now speaks in genes; while the dusty halls of thinkers speak of sources and miasmas and winds and what their wise predecessors thought about such things.
:
The original—and most important—clash between Philosophy and Kristianity—reverberating to this day—has a very specific date. And place.
Paris. October 11th 1919.
The Brussels-based European Sisterhood of Hope, a small but vibrant association of women mystics—that is how they described themselves, and not without pride—had rented the Paris Odeon Theater for a weekend debate billed as “Views on the Storm—Ascension, is it possible?”
The sisterhood had invited five prominent religious leaders—Father Francis of Lyon; Abbots Mercier, Lewis, and Hirsch (of Marseille, Hull, and Lubeck respectively); and the well-known and outspoken (though little loved) archbishop of Denmark, Anders Bygge—and as many of the leading philosophers of the day: Sir William Fitzgerald of London; Bernard Dexter of Edinburgh; Pierre LaRousse of Paris; David McEwen from Toronto; and the young Danish upstart Andreas Andreassen.
Archbishop Bygge, when he discovered that his countryman had been invited, too, threatened to withdraw from the debate, but as travel arrangements had already been made, and as the good archbishop was quite partial to Paris cuisine—with girth to prove it—his threats were neither made nor taken too seriously. It was well known, however, and surely not missed on the Sisterhood—with an eye to public entertainment—that the two Danes did not see eye to eye. It made for an interesting confrontation, and did in fact help fill the theater to standing room only capacity.
There was a large welcome dinner for all participants on the evening of the 10th—archbishop Bygge leading the charge on the victuals, while young Andreassen, as thin as Bygge was thick, broodily nursed a glass of red wine for most of the evening, happy enough with his own company.
The following morning—the official opening of discussion—saw the stage set with a long, semi-circular table, clergy to the right and philosophers to the left of the Belgian moderator, placed dead center between them and facing the audience.
Archbishop Bygge—who was nearly 20 minutes late in arriving, adding an ill-concealed smirk to Andreassen’s ascetic features—was, once he arrived, placed to the far left, as the audience saw it, with Andreassen seated to the far right. As a result they virtually faced each other across the length of the stage; by design, surely. Clever Sisterhood.
“Madames et Messieurs. Ladies and Gentlemen.” The moderator did his best to hush the susurrus crowd. And again, “Madames et Messieurs. Ladies and Gentlemen.” The expectant gathering eventually took notice, and settled down into their seats, or stances. To the point where the shifting chair legs upon the stage, and the protests of Bygge's chair under his weight, could be heard throughout the establishment.
And a last time, now that he had their attention: “Madames et Messieurs. Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to the famous Odeon Theatre, and to what we believe to be the first official meeting of the minds on the subject of the Storm between our Kristian Church and our Philosophical Establishment.”
Muttered agreements, both from the stage and the audience.
“To my right, the honorable representatives of the Church,” followed by a sweep of his hand. “And to my left, the equally learned and honorable men of philosophy.” And another sweep of the hand.
A smattering of applause at first, which then rose to a fully fledged, almost thunderous, welcome. The moderator held up a hand: enough, enough. Once quiet was restored, he continued:
“The purpose of this meeting, and the subject of this discussion, is, of course, the Storm. And specifically, as billed,” and here he paused for effect, “Specifically: Ascension, is it possible?”
Not a sound. It was a burning question, one that held the interest of every single person in the room.
“But, to begin,” continued the moderator, “to lay some groundwork we shall first examine another question: Is the Storm a necessary evil?”
Most of the participants nodded: yes, they had been informed of this; in fact, they had all been given an outline of all questions to be asked by the moderator for the next two days, time permitting. Most of the audience, had not, however, and they shifted excitedly, pleasantly surprised: interesting topic.
The moderator turned to the Danish Archbishop on his far right, possibly the most famed of his debaters. “What are your views, Archbishop? Is the Storm a necessary evil?”
Bygge importantly put down the cup of coffee he had been sipping—with a fine and not a little incongruous hand—delicate and beringed, some would say dainty, though so well-fed that his knuckles were inverted: little dimples. He shifted in his chair, as if clearing his throat with his entire body. The chair protested again.
“Necessary evil, you say. And to that I answer, necessary for what?” This with an almost undetectable accent—the Danish adopting so well to the English language, ancient sister tongues.
The moderator’s answer made the archbishop’s question sound uncalled-for, as if the subject was plain enough:“For life. For survival. For sanity. For furthering the race.”
“Sir,” said the archbishop, quite loudly. “You have just enumerated four discrete necessities.”
“As to each, then,” said the Moderator.
“As to life,” said the archbishop, clearly mimicking the moderator’s intonation. “If by life you mean the immortal soul: How could the Storm, a physical phenomenon, have any relevance? If by survival you mean the spirit: How could the Storm, a physical phenomenon, have any relevance? If by sanity you mean mental equilibrium: How can you view the Storm as anything but insanity itself? And as for furthering the race, well, dear Sir, that is the sole purpose of the storm, is it not?”
 At which point the archbishop reached for the cup, gracefully returned it to his lips and silently sipped some more coffee with apparent relish: He, Anders Bygge, Archbishop of Denmark, had spoken.
“Gentlemen?” said the moderator, turning to his philosophers.
But it was Abbot Mercier of Marseille, a dark-haired man with fine, ring-less fingers, to Bygge’s immediate left, who spoke next. “Bygge is correct,” he said in barely discernible English. “The Storm is an insanity, an affliction, a test.”
“A test?” The soft explosion came from Andreassen.
“Why, surely,” said Mercier. “We are tested by God.”
“A test which everyone alive fails?” said Andreassen.
“No everyone, sir,” said Mercier.
“Please name one person who did not fail this test.”
“Kristus did not fail.”
“Purportedly.”
“Certainly.”
“If you say so. Please name another.”
When Mercier did not respond immediately—possibly hunting around for appropriate saints to enumerate—Andreassen said with what was either a smile or a sneer:
“A test that everybody fails is not a test, sir. It is an oppression.”
“Sir!” Mercier nearly rose in his seat, hair falling into his face.
“Do you have a better name for it, sir?” responded Andreassen.
“God tests us. He places the Storm in our path. It is for us to ascend it and join Kristus in the Kingdom of Heaven.”
“Heaven must be an empty place,” said Andreassen.
Mercier turned to the moderator: “Do we have to tolerate this?”
The moderator nodded, yes, yes you do.
Bygge leaned in the direction of his French colleague and whispered loudly enough for all present to hear—audience included, “Our friend here,” indicating the young Dane with a motion of his head that cannot be called a nod, “has been at odds with the Church ever since we saw fit to expel him from Sunday school for stealing.”
Mercier, surprised at first, then regarded Bygge with what grew into mock alarm, then over at Andreassen, who in turn glared at Bygge. “No wonder,” said Mercier, “I see. No wonder.”
While it is true that Andreassen had indeed been expelled from Sunday school at the age of eight, and for stealing nonetheless, the theft was never proven, and was in fact only the assertion of one Berita Anungsen, a young, albeit very believable girl—that is: of a rich and influential family—who had lost her purse to a playful dog on the way to Sunday school and could not face her parents with the truth. Theft was the obvious answer, and Andreas Andreassen, as holder of the least respectable pedigree in the class, the obvious perpetrator.
And not only was Andreassen expelled, he was also whipped to within an inch of his life for not confessing his crime, and then some more for good measure and for implying that Berita Anungsen did not tell the truth, a grave accusation indeed, considering the influence and history of her family.
So it was against this backdrop that Andreassen, self-righteously, and justifiably so, stared at Bygge. Then, as if he had just decided to suffer the fool after all, he shook his head, and sighed. Then even smiled.
“I am not ‘at odds’ with the Church, as Bygge puts it. I am at odds with stupidity.”
At first there was a loud, collective intake of air on the clergy side of the house, followed by a small storm of protests aimed both at the moderator and at young Andreassen. Hands in the air, fingers pointing. The nerve.
The audience, many glances and smiles exchanged, was settling in for what indeed seemed to hold promise. Money’s worth.
Abbot Lewis of Hull, whose normally pink face now headed for crimson—cheek flesh still drooping and seemingly swaying a little—rose and raised a pointed finger toward the ceiling, as if either accusing God or calling down lightning upon the young Dane. Then he aimed it at Andreassen, as if to eliminate any ambiguity.
“This, this, impudent rascal is going too far.”
“Sir,” said Andreassen.
“Don’t you ‘sir’ me, Sir,” said Lewis. “Who are you to call the Church stupid?”
Andreassen, still smiling, looked over at the moderator, hitched his shoulders in a shrug that suggested bewildered innocence, palms up. “Did I say that? I don’t think so. What I said was that I am not at odds with the Church, I am at odds with stupidity.”
“Meaning what exactly, Sir?” Lewis, still standing, was yelling now.
“Meaning, Sir, that there are no stupid religions, only stupid people.”
Lewis finally sat down to catch his breath. Unsure whether or not he had been insulted anew, he glared back at Andreassen under bushy gray eyebrows.
“Are you calling me stupid?” He finally said.
“No.”
“Are you calling Bygge stupid?”
“Absolutely.”
Another collective intake of breath threatened another clerical protest. The Moderator intervened.
“Gentlemen. Gentlemen. Please. The question. Let us return to the question.”
Bernard Dexter of Edinburgh, the white haired and bearded Scot, sternly chiseled in grave bow tie and drab suit and respected by all, cleared his throat, then spoke:
“Is the Storm a necessary evil? That is the question, is it not?”
The moderator nodded: Yes, that is the question.
“My view is that the Storm is as necessary to us as it is to the beasts. It propagates the race. Simple as that. Without the Storm, what compulsion would we have to procreate. What incentive?”
He had the attention of the full panel now, and of the house.
“We need to plant the seed to reap the child—our future generations—but will we go to the trouble of planting it were we not compelled? It is a rather messy business after all.”
He looked around the table, all eyes on him. Continued: “Would reason alone incite us to perform those strange gymnastics that we call copulation? Would reason alone—and I mean physically—allow us to perform the act of planting? I, for one, doubt it.”
He paused to sip some water; replaced the glass squarely on its coaster; regarded it for a while, as if fascinated by it, then said:
“The Storm, or the Season, or the Tunnel—as I’ve heard it referred to at times—and the exquisite promise of ecstasy it holds—and delivers on, mind you—is the one incentive for the human race to propagate. Reading more into this very tangible phenomenon than is there to be read is part folly, part wishful thinking.”
“Sir!” Bygge tried to leap to his feet, but did not succeed. “Sir!” he said again, louder this time, as he fell back in his chair.
“Yes, Archbishop,” said Dexter.
“Have you ever read the Bible, Sir?” asked Bygge.
“Yes, I have,” said Dexter.
“Then you know, then you know, that the Storm is more than just a carrot for procreation.”
“What Book, what Chapter, what Verse are you referring to, Archbishop? Precisely? Perhaps I’ve missed something.”
“Kristus was conceived beyond the Storm,” said Bygge, and with a self-important finality dead sure it would end this discussion. What else could possibly be added?
Dexter looked left and right to his colleagues: anyone of you gentlemen want to field this one. Four friendly shakes of heads: no, you’re doing just fine, go on.
“The Bible, my dear Archbishop Bygge,” said Dexter, “is not the book of absolutes that you hold it to be. How could it possibly be?”
“Were you to step back for a moment and look at this book as it was truly written, what you’d see, what you’d discover, is a collection of anecdotes and whispers sifted through centuries of questionable memory, savagely edited by a coalescing mother Church to remove any teaching—such as Origen’s notion of transmigration—that does not support and bolster agreed upon, and financially sound, dogma.”
Lewis returned to deep crimson and Bygge had problems breathing. But it was Abbot Hirsch of Lubeck, the rather elegant and soft-spoken German who answered, and perhaps not directly on point.
“In my view, the sheer intensity of the carrot, as you put it Abbot Lewis,” a small nod in his colleague’s direction, “is such that—and I believe that reason may have to join dogma here, Mr. Dexter—is of such magnitude, of such power, that only the Divine could have created it.”
“Or the Devil,” said Bygge.
“Or the Devil,” echoed Father Francis of Lyon, though not without a smile.
“The Devil?” said Dexter. “Are you sure the Devil wants to see the race survive?”
“The Devil,” said Father Francis, warm in the brown cape of his order, tonsure glistening in the illuminated air. “Not that I know him personally, mind you, but I’m sure he would like few things better than to see the human race flap and squirm like a fish on a hook, helpless, and in pain.”
“Well observed,” said Dexter. “The ecstasy does indeed seem painful. But surely, what interest would the Devil have in forwarding the purpose of the race?”
“The purpose of the race being what, precisely?” asked Bygge.
“Why, to continue. Of course. Survival,” said Dexter.
Abbot Hirsch looked over at the moderator: could he please have the floor back? The moderator nodded and said, loudly enough to take charge of and re-direct things: “The good Abbot from Lubeck was making his point.”
“Thank you,” said Hirsch in the direction of the moderator. Then took up where he left off:
“The strength, the insanity—if you will, and to quote Bygge—of the Storm is such that, in my view, it could not have sprung from anything but sheer intent to make it so. Mr. Darwin’s well-formed logic notwithstanding.”
The mention of Darwin—anathema to the Church—earned him a dark look or two from his own side of the table.
Andreassen, however, nodded in agreement; then said, looking over at Hirsch with interest, “I agree, Abbot. It is too intense, it is too directed, too encompassing, too all-consuming, too precise, to simply be a product of evolution and natural selection.” And after a brief pause: “Darwin’s logic notwithstanding.”
When no one else spoke up—all, clergy and philosophers alike, were now looking at Andreassen—he added:
“I personally don’t believe that something Divine, or a God, or a Devil for that matter, created the Storm; but I nonetheless believe it is created. With intent. It is simply too precise an effect to be unintentional, unplanned.”
“What you are saying is that you believe the Storm is designed?” David McEwen of Toronto, six feet and then some of mismatched clothing and uncut hair, and sporting a dark, fashionably unshaven look nearly a century before it in fact grew fashionable, turned to his colleague. Interested.
“The Storm is God’s test of humanity. To expose its weakness and to encourage its strength.” Bygge, just short of shouting. He nevertheless seemed to fall on deaf ears.
“Is that what you’re saying?” said McEwen again, still looking at Andreas Andreassen as if Bygge had never spoken, as if the noise from Bygge’s direction were some remote, irrelevant disturbance, wind in a forest.
“Well, look at it,” said Andreassen. “Look at the effect. The precision of it. The exact effect replicated in every single human being.”
“It is undeniable.”
“It is undeniable,” confirmed Andreassen.
“What is undeniable?” Father Francis of Lyon asked.
“It is undeniable that the Storm did not spring from natural selection alone. It is undeniable that it must have been designed and created by an intelligence,” answered Andreassen.
“Of course. It was created by an intelligence,” said Father Francis. “The ultimate intelligence: God.”
“As a test,” added Bygge.
“Testing what, precisely?” asked Dexter, curious, though perhaps derisively so.
“Testing man’s ethical fortitude,” said Bygge. Again, in that tone of voice that expected this magnificent pearl of wisdom to be received by unbounded gratitude by all and end the discussion there and then.
“Ethical fortitude?” Dexter recognized the phrase as so much Church dogma. “What precisely do you mean by that?”
“The words are plain enough,” said Bygge.
“Yes, I am well aware of that,” said Dexter. “But how do you interpret them?”
Bygge looked a little taken aback, uncomfortable. He looked to his left and his colleagues, who returned his glance. No, this was a question he could not relegate, not while keeping pride intact.
“I am talking about man’s character, his will, his strength to face the lure of the Devil without succumbing to it.”
“What is the penalty of failure?” asked Andreassen.
And Bygge, before he could check himself, served up his knee-jerk response: “Hell.”
Abbots Lewis and Mercier frowned in unison, alarmed at the simplistic reply of their esteemed colleague. Abbot Hirsch seemed to study the theater ceiling. Father Francis, cleared his throat and suggested:
“Perhaps Hell is not a foregone conclusion. Purgatory may be more suitable.”
“You do not know, do you?” said Andreassen.
Father Francis, always a truthful man, answered: “No. No, I do not know.”
“If, as Bygge suggests,” said Andreassen, “Hell stands at the ready to receive the mortal sinners who fall pray to the Storm, Hell is a crowded place.”
“It is,” said Bygge, who had no idea how, or inclination to, back down, especially when cornered. “It is a very crowded place.”
“But if God loves man,” started Andreassen before McEwen reached over with one of his long arms and touched his sleeve—let it go.
Andreassen reined in and did not complete the question.
Bygge fumed.
Father Francis said something in French to Pierre LaRousse of Paris, it sounded like an apology. LaRousse smiled and responded in kind: not to worry, I understand.
The moderator said, looking first at Dexter, then Andreassen: “Intent. That is an interesting concept. And so is designed. Would either of you gentlemen care to elaborate? Or perhaps you, Mr. McEwen?”
McEwen said something to Andreassen, who nodded, then responded. McEwen looked at the young Dane with widening eyes: surprise, approval. Then smiled, and said:
“The urge that is the Storm, from our standpoint,” and he indicated Andreassen to his left, “is too precise, is simply too effective to not be of intelligent design. For all its force, it is not unlike an intricate, precise, and very durable clock. Every March it reaches volatile territory and sets the sexual wheels in motion. Subtly at first, but aimed with uncanny precision, and within a day or so the urge has not only entered, but completely taken over its host. Not unlike a very intelligent parasite.”
The house was very silent. The heavy curtains each end of the stage whispered with the light movement of air, listening too.
McEwen continued: “We know—or we think we know—that the urge is not organic. There is no traceable or discernable exterior substance or living thing that enters, it is an urge—a force—that either arrives afresh from without, or that revives from within—stirring from dormant to active—the same time every year.”
Then added, “Possibly from exterior stimulus.”
“A clock?” said Father Francis, who seemed familiar with the concept.
“Clockwork,” said McEwen. “Like a clockwork, yes.”
“But it is a clock,” said Father Francis. “Both St. Thomas Aquinas and Meister Eckhart recognized this. Intricate and precise—which is a word you like, I believe. Intricate and precise, spinning its fine but fettering strands between man and God,” he quoted. “Preventing us from truly seeing Him.”
“It is a curse,” said Bygge. “The Devil’s curse.”
“I am familiar with Aquinas and Eckhart,” said McEwen. Then looked over at Andreassen, who nodded: he, too.
“Then the question becomes: Why?” said Dexter, addressing Father Francis. “Surely it was not devised as a test?”
Father Francis answered: “Were it a test, devised by God or the Devil, it would be the hardest test ever devised.”
“I would say so,” said Dexter.
McEwen nodded in agreement.
“If it is not a test,” Father Francis went on. “If it is not an abyss we are meant to leap, just as did Kristus, then it is simply God’s way to make sure his children propagate.”
“Do you believe in transmigration, Father Francis?” asked Sir William Fitzgerald, the Londoner (as he was also known), traces of cockney still discernable despite a Knighthood and a lifetime of learned debate, who until now had followed the discussion with silent interest.
His answer surprised those at the table, as well as the audience: “Yes.”
Sir William, who may have known this—for he was possibly the only person in the house who did not look at Father Francis with renewed interest (as did the philosophers, and the audience) or consternation (as did the clergy)—took a sip from his water glass, then asked:
“Could it not be, then, that God simply wants to ensure that man has somewhere to go when he returns? After death, I mean.”
“It could well be,” answered Father Francis. “Aquinas, not to mention Origen, held a similar view.”
“This is preposterous. Pre-pos-terous,” said Bygge, as much to Abbot Mercier, to his immediate left, as to the panel at large.
Again, he was ignored. Only Mercier seemed to have heard, but even he only shook his head, and did not reply.
“And the other question becomes: what intelligence?” said Andreas Andreassen. “What mind designed this?”
“You may as well ask what mind designed Man,” said Abbot Hirsch.
“You may as well,” said Andreassen.
“God created man,” said Abbot Lewis. Frowning, and heading for yet another return to crimson. “Designed,” he said with a fleshy grimace, as if the word had a sour taste to it. “Man was not designed.”
“Created. Designed. Semantics,” said Sir William.
“God created man,” said Bygge. Compelled, it seemed, to add his weight.
“There are two things, and two things only, that we can be certain of,” said Sir William. “Man is here. And Seasons do occur.”
“How certain?” asked Pierre LaRousse, chain-smoking as usual.
“Certain enough,” said Sir William, and rapped his knuckles on the table top, as if to say: see?
“Is anything truly certain?” said LaRousse through another impressively exhaled cloud.
“In my view, yes,” said Andreassen. And he, too, rapped his knuckles on the table in front of him, replicating, exactly, Sir William’s sound. As if they had rehearsed this very routine.
Dexter nodded: Yes, this is certain.
Sir William said: “Whether man evolved, as Darwin would have it, from the oceans; or whether man was deposited here by an alien race from the stars, strikes me as immaterial to this discussion.” He paused, perhaps for effect, then continued:
“He is here. That is the one thing we cannot deny. The other thing we cannot deny is that every year he is faced by the month-long insanity we call the Storm. That is what matters. We see its undeniable effect, but we don’t understand the Storm. We don’t know who designed it, or why, if indeed it is designed—which does seem likely. We don’t know its true purpose. We only know that it—and with precision—lowers man from a thinking, rational being, into the husk of a beast, and there rattles him for thirty days and thirty nights, before it lets him out again: dazed, bemused, sometimes a little ashamed, but always amazed at—and vanquished by—the force of the ride.”
In the ensuing silence Father Francis carefully dabbed his forehead with a handkerchief—it was warm and getting warmer—then replied: “We, you or I, did not design the Storm. Neither did any other man. How could he? Our intellects are only acute enough to perceive the effect, and to register its precision. Agreed?”
“Agreed,” said McEwen, after a brief confirming glance at first Dexter then Sir William.
“Yet we agree that the effect is too precise, too exact, to have been brought about by chance—and by chance I include natural selection.”
“Agreed,” said McEwen.
“Do we agree, then, that the Storm is the consequence of an intelligence superior to ours?”
There was no immediate response to that question.
“Yes,” said McEwen. “I must agree.”
Neither Dexter nor Sir William voiced any objection. And neither did Andreassen or LaRousse.
“The question then,” said Father Francis, “in my view, is not what but who designed the Storm. For what larger intelligence is there, capable of such a feat?”
Andreas Andreassen was about to say something when Father Francis continued, answering his own question:
“Then I submit to you, gentlemen, that the Storm, by its very presence, is as an elegant a proof for the existence of God as you’ll ever come across.”
Andres Bygge leaned back in his injured chair with an I-told-you-so smile which seemed to occupy the better part of his face, and which also added a chin or two to his already impressive collection.
“Inductively speaking,” said Andreas Andreassen, “I agree, the Storm is an elegant—if somewhat brutal—proof of a higher intelligence. But whether this intelligence takes the form of a God—as we have come to know him in the Bible—or whether this points to a different intelligence altogether, that we have no way of knowing.”
 McEwen nodded in agreement.
“All we know is that it must have been intended. Intended and designed,” said Andreassen. “Inductive reasoning demands that conclusion.” Then added:
“God, to me, seems like a convenient scapegoat.”
Before neither Bygge nor Lewis had a chance to erupt—they had both set out to—Andreassen held up his hand:
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean scapegoat. I meant to say expedient.”
Bygge, who may or may not have known the word expedient—who indeed may not have heard it—was in no way mollified. He did erupt.
“This is, is utter, is utter, is utter sacrilege,” he managed between attempts to catch his breath.
“Blasphemy.” A crimson Lewis stabbing his finger in Andreessen’s direction.
“Gentle men!” The moderator.
Bygge appeared to have serious breathing problems, and he too was heading toward crimson. The moderator looked concerned. “Do you need a doctor?”
Bygge didn’t hear. Then coughed violently and looked around him. Took a sip of water from a glass within reach which actually belonged to Mercier, and slowly turned a lighter shade. The moderator looked relieved.
“Gentlemen,” he said. “Let’s return to the original question.”
“Which was?” asked Dexter. “Remind me.”
The moderator consulted his notes, to make sure he got it right. “Is the Storm a necessary evil?”
“I believe we may have moved past that,” said Dexter.
“Do we have an agreement?” asked the moderator, looking left and right at the panel.
“As to what?” asked Abbot Mercier.
“Do we all agree that the Storm is a necessity?”
“The Storm is a test,” said Bygge. “God’s test.”
“Perhaps you are right,” said the moderator, looking at Dexter. “We may have moved past that question. Perhaps we should examine the main question.” Again he looked down to consult his notes: “Ascension, is it possible?”
“Did we resolve, to everyone’s satisfaction, the question of accident or design?” said Dexter.
“We may have reached concord on that question,” said LaRousse through another cloud of smoke. “No? Do we not all agree that the Storm could not possibly have been brought about by accident?”
No dissention.
“And do we not agree that it must—inductively speaking—have been designed? Intentionally designed?”
Still no dissention, though Bygge seemed to be looking hard for something to disagree with.
“Designed with intent and purpose,” said LaRousse.
Father Francis said: “As long as we don’t assume to know by whom and for what purpose.”
Bygge, finally offended anew, and now by his own side: “We know by whom, and we know why.” So loudly that one and all expected more. Bygge looked confused. He was quite done. But he was obviously meant to go on.
“The who is God. And the why is to ensure propagation,” he said.
“I thought the why was to test man the sinner,” said Andreassen.
“And to test man,” said Bygge. “Of course.”
“We should have to agree to disagree on that particular point,” said the moderator. “Am I correct?”
None spoke.
“So we have a consensus, of sorts,” said the moderator. “The Storm is the intentional design by an unknown intelligence for a not yet established purpose.” He looked at each in turn. “Can we agree so far?”
Bygge was shaking his head, but said nothing. Neither did Abbot Lewis, though it was plain that he wasn’t overjoyed with the wording either.
“Agreed, then,” said the moderator, and made a note. Then looked to his left, from one philosopher to the next, and said:
“When it comes to the what, or who, the view of the Church is fairly well established, I believe.” He cast a glance in the other direction, at the ecclesiastical side. No objections.
Back to his left: “So, gentlemen, what are your thoughts on that topic? Who, or what, is the unknown intelligence who intentionally designed the Storm?”
Bernard Dexter spoke first. “As I said, my view is that the Storm is as necessary to us as it is to the beasts. It’s all about the future of the race.”
“Plant the seed to reap the child?” said Abbot Hirsch. Not facetiously.
“Why, precisely,” said Dexter. “You have an excellent memory, sir.”
“I’ve read your book, Mr. Dexter,” said the Abbot.
“And?”
“And I find it quite interesting. If a little tentative.”
“Tentative?”
“Suppositions and postulations. No certainties.”
“Certainties?”
“Yes, of course.”
“But there are no certainties here—aside from it’s existence; and some have questioned even that.”
“That’s where we sometimes pity you,” said Hirsch.
“You, as in the clergy, pity us our uncertainties?” Dexter, known for his composure seemed just a shade vexed. “From what higher ground do you pity us? Certainty?”
“Oh, no. From faith.”
“Faith is not certainty.”
“True faith, Sir, is senior to certainty.”
“I don’t follow.”
“As Kristus ascended the Storm, so faith can ascend certainty.”
“Can, or does?”
“Can and does. It is an individual matter. Mr. Dexter. I cannot speak for everyone.”
For Dexter, all others had ceased to exist. There was only he and Abbot Hirsch in the room. “Faith,” he said across to the German cleric.
“Yes.”
“Faith,” he said again. This time to himself, as if tasting the word. “As in ‘Thou shalt not question me.’?”
“Pardon?”
“I command you to not question my existence and authority. I am the one God, the true God, the only God, and all those who questions my right to command this shall forever burn. That faith?”
Hirsch, much to his credit, did not rise to the bait. Instead he leaned back into his chair, a thin smile on his face. He reached forward and picked up a pencil, which he studied for a short while.
“As I said, it is an individual matter. Faith is the certainty offered by deliverance, by salvation.”
“Salvation, Sir, in my opinion, is nothing but the rush of relief you feel by abandoning all traces of responsibility. And faith is the blinders you don to cease seeing.”
Sounds were coming from Bygge’s direction, something geological.
“You mock the faith, Sir,” said Hirsch.
“I seek the truth, Sir,” replied Dexter, in the same tone of voice. “Faith is the sand you bury your head in. Faith is the one word which expresses true irresponsibility: I am created. I have no will of my own. The Father who is in Heaven knows all, and knows best. I am but a sheep, a powerless, created symbol of weakness, and I will blindly, and mindlessly, follow where He, at his pleasure, may dictate I go.”
That did it for Bygge, who leapt to his feet: “Sir!” Hurled like a missile across the stage. “You have no right. You have no right.” Then, still shaking, he ran out of words.
Dexter took notice of him, could not help but. “I have every right,” he said and then turned to face Hirsch again:
“Faith, again in my view, is the certainty that all will be well for I am powerless and meek and my Father loves me, and will surely do me no harm. It is the trust of a child that his parents will see to his survival. It is the supplicating eyes of a dog at feed time, blissful in his certainty that his master will feed him, and utterly dead should his master forget or refuse to do so. Faith is hope. It is blind trust. It is the diametric opposite of, if not the nemesis of, curiosity.” He paused, but only to wet his lips. The building remained quiet, knowing he would continue, which he did.
“Philosophy, Sir, is, and will always remain, curious. Kristianity, or any faith for that matter, save perhaps those of the Far East, will, it appears, always remain faithfully uncurious. And if you pity the uncertainty of the curious, then you pity life itself, for life is, at its core, inquisitive. It may even be that curiosity alone, that lively interest in and of itself, is reason enough to live—for when you lose that you are surely dead.”
Again Dexter reached for the water glass in front of him and wet his lips. His hand shook slightly, causing ripples on the water.
“Faith,” said Hirsch into a still very quite air—Bygge’s labored breathing notwithstanding. “Faith is acquiescence. It is the loving acceptance of the true source of life. It is the recognition of truth, Sir. It is the recognition of the Creator, and of his Son, who ascended the Storm and in doing so showed us the path to true salvation, the way back to true happiness. Faith is the certainty, yes, your individual and oh, so personal certainty, that the Creator loves you and will see to your needs. Faith is the certainty that his Son gave his life to seed the path. Faith is indeed the recognition that you are created, and that the creator loves you like a parent loves a child. Responsibility has nothing to do with it.”
“Responsibility has everything to do with it,” said Andreas Andreassen without looking up. “Responsibility is the recognition and acceptance of cause. If God, the Creator is all cause, as you and the Bible claim—wholly responsible in other words—then we, the created flock is all effect, wholly irresponsible.”
“Listen, son,” said Hirsch, twice, if not thrice, Andreassen’s senior, and now, for the first time, showing signs of irritation.
“Please don’t son me, Sir,” said Andreassen. “I may not be your age, but I have done something you have not.”
“And what, pray, is that?”
“I, Sir, have thought this through.”
McEwen leaned his long neck to his left and whispered something in Andreassen’s ear. The young Dane nodded, then continued to study his hands.
Dexter spoke next: “How can letting go of the reins, how can leaving it up to a postulated God, be responsible?”
“I did not say it was responsible or irresponsible. I said responsibility had nothing to do with it, one way or another.”
“Oh, but it does,” said Dexter. “Of course it does. As Andreassen correctly pointed out, it has to do with cause, and with effect. To live you have to cause. Once you disown your own power to cause, you have ceased living. Responsibility has very much to do with it.”
Father Francis cleared his throat, and in deference to him Hirsch did not answer Dexter, but invited the monk to.
Who said: “God gave us the power of choice. He gave us the power of perception and the power of reason. And he gave us the power of acceptance and rejection.”
“That,” said Dexter. “Is simply not true. I cannot be true.”
“Cannot?” said Father Francis. “A very strong sentiment.”
“Cannot,” repeated Dexter. “Logically, it cannot.”
“Logically?” said Father Francis.
“Yes, logically. Logically, how could it possibly be?” said Dexter. “If we assume, as Abbot Hirsch certainly concedes, that we are created, that we are made, that we are willed into being by an all-creative, all-powerful God. Assuming, thus, that we—and all that we are, down to the minutest detail, down to our very souls—are the result, the total effect in other words, of the creator, how could we possibly possess power of choice.”
“Because,” said Father Francis, “God willed it.”
“Then God—by logical necessity—has also willed all our possible choices, and which of them we choose, and when we choose them.”
“No, God has only willed our faculty to choose. The choice is up to us.”
“That, Sir, is logically impossible.”
“How so?” wondered Hirsch, a touch condescendingly.
“If we are made from thin air, if we are but the postulated vision of God, then all of us are of God, and of God’s will. There would be no part of us that does not spring from God, no part of us not wholly designed and directed by God. And this allness, if you will, would have to include not only the apparent power of choice, but also all possible choices, and which one to make. All decided—again, by logical necessity—by the maker, in this case God.”
Hirsch said nothing.
“If we are created, then we did in no way partake in the creation, it is all God. There was no other causative self involved, there was only the effect of God, the thing made. And any thing made, like this glass here,” Dexter pointed, “is equally void of self-control, of will. To claim that we are created is to claim we have no will. And I claim—I will it—that we do possess self-determination, that we do possess will, and a power of choice, which by the same logical necessity I have already referred to means that we are not created.”
“You like those words,” said Hirsch after a brief, pregnant silence. “Logical necessity.”
Dexter did not answer.
“You attach too much significance to words,” the Abbot went on.
“No,” said Dexter. “Quite the opposite, I allow words to mean what they should. I open my eyes to their true import. Kierkegaard, in a way, was correct, in more ways than one. He was correct in his title, Either/Or—you are either wholly created, or not at all, you are either wholly responsible for your condition, or not at all. And he was also correct in his observation that a submission to faith, to duty is, of necessity—though he did not say logical necessity—a loss of individual responsibility.”
“However,” said Hirsch, as well read in Kierkegaard as Dexter, “you forget that he also pointed out that only by true submission to the will of God will you find authentic freedom.”
“His use of the word authentic leaves a lot to be desired,” said Andreassen.
“At every step philosophy sloughs a skin into which creep its worthless hangers-on,” said Bygge, also quoting Kierkegaard, his and Andreassen’s countryman.
“Though that is my point exactly,” said Dexter, ignoring Bygge. “True submission to the will of God, is true relinquishment of any last remnant of responsibility. I must agree with Andreassen, Kierkegaard has a very feeble grasp of the meaning of authentic.”
“I believe he meant authentic, as in truly felt,” said Andreassen, looking over at Dexter. “This relief, this freedom from all responsibilities—if you are truly able to wholly let go of them—is also the perceived freedom from all problems, from insurmountable obstacles and hurdles, from all threats and oppositions, and this feeling of euphoric relief is, now that I can leave it all up to Him, I’m sure, quite authentic.”
“He could not possibly have used authentic as meaning true,” said McEwen. “Unless the dogma we know as the Kristian scripture is true, in every detail, and we are in fact created,” he added.
“Of course it is true,” said abbot Lewis.
Murmurs of agreement from the clerical side of the panel.
“True, as in God created Heaven and Earth in seven days?” asked Sir William.
“Seven symbolical days,” explained Father Francis.
“Now, you see,” said Sir William, looking directly at Father Francis, “there is something I’ve never been able to come to terms with. It is quite apparent that when it suits our clerical friends,” and he indicated the Kristians with his right hand, “the scriptures are symbolical and when it suits them, they are to be understood to mean exactly what they say, word for word, literally.”
Having touched upon a well-known bone of contention, the philosophy panel, to a man, nodded or murmured in consent.
Having touch upon a well-known nerve, none of the clerics responded immediately.
“Well,” said the moderator, looking to his right.
Still no immediate answer.
“It seems to me,” said McEwen into the vacuum, “that we are faced with the same dilemma now as did 16th century England when ‘only the clergy’ knew how to interpret the Bible, which is why they then vehemently opposed an English translation of the scriptures.”
“I am not sure what you mean,” said Abbot Hirsch.
“Are you familiar with William Tyndale?” asked McEwen. Normally, for any Kristian scholar the question would have been impudent, but McEwen meant it sincerely enough: he truly wanted to know, and it must have shown.
Therefore, Abbot Hirsch seemed not to take offence, though Lewis certainly did, judging by the deepening crimson returning.
“Yes,” said Hirsch. “I am familiar with Tyndale.”
“How did he die?” said McEwen.
“He was strangled, then burned at the stake,” said Hirsch. “It’s a well-documented fact.”
“I know,” said McEwen. “And why was he strangled and burned at the stake?”
“He was a heretic.”
“Yes. A heretic. But why? For—as was claimed at the time—perverting the scriptures?”
Hirsch frowned: he did not like the turn this discussion was taking. “He was deemed to have altered the word of God.”
“Altered, how?”
“He was challenging the authority of Rome.”
“Sir, Tyndale was translating the Bible from Latin to English,” said McEwen. “So that the common man could understand the word of God.”
When Hirsch did not respond, McEwen continued. “The ecclesiastical policy at the time, I believe, was that the common man was far too ignorant to understand the Bible, even if given to him in English.”
Hirsch nodded. “There is some truth to that.”
“And that only the clergy, versed in Latin, possessed sufficient wits to comprehend the scriptures.”
“Yes.”
“Still, from what I could establish at the time I did my research—as you may or may not know, the Tyndale Bible was the subject of my doctoral thesis.”
Hirsch shook his head slowly, no, he was not aware of this.
“What my research discovered was that only a small percentage, perhaps not higher than 20 percent, of the sixteenth century English clergy did in fact comprehend Latin.”
Hirsch rubbed his left temple, as if a headache was beginning to form. Then nodded, yes, he knew this to be true.
“So, we shall never know whether the clergy, as a rule—rather than as a matter of policy—were more able than the common man to understand the scriptures, for the large majority of the clergy itself could not read them in the first place.”
Hirsch’s temple seemed to truly bother him. 
“It would then follow,” continued McEwen, “that to 80 percent, or better, of the then English clergy, the Bible was nothing but a collection of sounds, a bookful of noises. As were the rituals and ceremonies they performed for their ignorant flocks: a parroting of noises they knew not the meaning of any more than the man in the pews.”
“A bookful of noises,” said Andreassen, more or less to himself, as if he liked that sound of that.
Hirsch rubbed his left temple again, decidedly uncomfortable. None of the other clerics offered support at this juncture.
:
The year is 1526, and Henry VIII and Thomas Moore are slowly making their way across the lush lawns of Windsor Castle, seemingly to enjoy the day and the green expanse surrounding them, but in truth to reach beyond earshot of the many and various ladies of court, attendants and clerks who as a rule do their best to pry profitably.
Satisfied that they have indeed reached true privacy, they pause. Henry turns to Thomas Moore and asks:
“What of this man, Tyndale, and his Testament? Is the translation sound?”
“It has errors in it,” replies Thomas Moore.
Henry casts a glace over at two ladies by the pond. Then looks back at Moore, squints from the Sun at Moore’s back, looks down, “Tunstall says three thousand errors. How he can tell I know not. He does not have so many fingers.”
“Oh, the errors are not so many.”
“He says the book is evil. Is it?”
“Evil will come of it.”
“Why?”
Thomas more hesitates, then says nothing.
“Oh, come Thomas. You are my friend. I repay your honesty with my own friendship. In all my ignorance and folly I cannot see how a mere volume can cause such hurt.”
“Men will think, having the scriptures, that they have the truth. But this is an illusion.”
Henry turns to scrutinize Moore’s face. “Will you say that the scriptures are not truth?”
“Oh, they are. But they are like a chart. And though a man has a sea-worthy vessel, and a chart in his own tongue, if he does not have a sailor’s knowledge to interpret the chart, his vessel is lost. Scripture is a weighty matter, men need the wise counsels of the Church to understand it.”
“But I hear,” says Henry, “that many of our priests, many of our sailors, as you say, do not understand Latin, nor do they read Greek. I would then have thought the scriptures to be as alien to them as are those two foreign tongues. How do they navigate?”
“By the counsel of their elders,” says Moore.
“Who all know Latin, or Greek, then, I take it?”
“Not all.”
“What then? How is this ship of the Church to steer safely?”
“By the will of God.”
“Who speaks Latin?”
“No, sir, God does not speak Latin.”
“What language, then, pray, does our Lord speak?”
“He does not speak any language.”
“Not Greek?”
“Not Greek.”
“Not even Hebrew?”
“He does not speak any language.”
“How, then, do we hear Him?”
“Through our hearts.”
“And the heart speaks what language? Latin?”
“The heart speaks the language of hearts.”
“Why, then, is not the Bible written in the language of hearts?”
To which Thomas Moore says nothing.
“But you read, dear Thomas, in Greek and Latin, which are as familiar to you as English. Do you understand the scriptures?”
“In part.”
“In part! In part! But you are Sir Thomas Moore. If you should only understand in part, where is the man who would understand in full?”
“Perhaps there is no such man. But the full body of the Church, with the guidance of the Pope,” begins Moore, but Henry waves his hand, enough, he has heard this all before.
“How would you interpret the scriptures, Thomas?”
“I am not a theologian.”
“You are a scholar, Thomas, whose learning is second to none. How should I, the King of England, interpret the scriptures?”
“I would counsel you to seek the opinion of learned doctors, or even that of his holiness the Pope.”
Henry VIII burst out in genuine laughter: “The Pope! That scoundrel. He would only counsel me what suits the Church, not what suits England, or its King.” Then he asks, “How would William Tyndale answer?”
“That, sir, you must ask him.”
“There is much I would ask him, Thomas. Where is he?”
“I don’t know.”
“I want this man found.”
:
“This, of course, has since been remedied,” said Hirsch after a significant silence. “The Bible was translated to English. And with the sanction of the Church.”
“Yes, I know that,” said McEwen. “But my real question is, as I am sure is Sir William’s question as well: Can we trust the Bible to speak the truth?”
Another Bygge explosion diverted everyone’s attention in his direction. At least momentarily. Finally he managed, among the huffing and puffing, “How can you, how can you even voice such a question, Sir?”
Sir William regarded Bygge across a long silence, then returned his gaze to Hirsch. Who said:
“For better of for worse, it is the only written representation of the word of God we have. We have no choice but to trust it. We must depend on its truth.”
“Why?”
“Because it is the truth.”
“Or so you believe?”
“So I know.”
“How can you,” said Sir William, “how can you be certain? You know as well as I do that a greedy ruler will bend the laws in his own favor, for his own profit.”
Hirsch said nothing.
“And as you know, and as the Church has acknowledged, the clergy, especially through the Middle Ages, was not above the occasional graft.”
Hirsch remained silent, awaiting the full weight of Sir William’s argument.
“And today,” continued Sir William, “by current, and we would assume accurate, accounting, the Holy Roman Catholic Church is the richest establishment on Earth. Not by accident surely?”
“Many estates are willed to the Church,” said Hirsch, though it fell more like a whisper against the wall of logic being erected by Sir William.
“I know,” Sir William answered, “I know that estates were bequeathed to the Church, and still are. But I also know that at the root of the reformation, what prompted Herr Luther to act, was his disgust at the Church which by that time was nothing but a commercial venture in essence selling plots in Heaven for its own, and its clergy’s benefit. So ethically outraged grew he, that he had no choice but to decry the practice. In such a climate, which has since been acknowledged by Rome, would you trust a translation to be fair, and to not serve your own purposes?”
“Yes.”
“You would?” Sir William was genuinely surprised.
“Yes.”
“How? How is this possible? Do you really imagine a man’s motives to not follow the same course in all his endeavors?”
“What do you mean, Sir?”
“I mean, that if a priest charges a franc for every absolution he gives, if he charges twenty franc for every funeral, thirty for every wedding, and twenty-five for each christening—I believe these are the going rates; if a man of the cloth will enrich himself through such priestly functions, would he not also enrich himself through translation?”
“The translators, such as Tyndale, were not greedy men.”
“Tyndale was burned by greedy men. And greedy men were later to oversee the sanctioned translation.”
“King James Bible was in large part based on Tyndale,” said Hirsch.
“In large part,” said Sir William, as if that were the key to the whole argument. “The pivotal point is the parts that were not.”
“What do you expect me to say, Sir? I was not there when the original words were spoken, when the original thoughts were thought. I was not present when these words were later relayed by mouth from one person to the next, spanning orally, like did the Veda, hundreds if not thousands of years. I was not present when these words were finally set down, whether in Hebrew or in Greek. I was not there when these written words were later set down again, and again. I was not present when these words were translated from the Hebrew to the Greek, or from the Greek to the Latin. Nor was I there when John Wycliffe translated the Vulgate into English. I was not by his side when Tyndale did the same. So, what do you expect me to say? That I know, that I am certain that the word of God has traversed these many centuries accurately and purely, that not a comma of Kristus’ sermons is out of place? I cannot personally testify to this. I cannot legally attest to the veracity of the word. But I can testify to my belief in the Word, I can testify that I believe it to be true. And so I do.”
Sir William nodded slowly, partly in admiration of the Abbot’s eloquence, partly in recognition of his honesty. But then said:
“How can you, and by that I mean the Church, any Kristian Church, how can you honestly assume the Bible to be inviolate, to have traversed—from the distant mouths of Kristus, of David, of Moses, and even from the mouth of God himself—pristinely and true to the original intent, across innumerable and not necessarily reliable or unscrupulous relays, across, as you put it, hundreds if not thousands of years, to have arrived here: as truth?”
When Hirsch did not respond right away, Lewis said: “We used to burn people like you.”
“I know,” said Sir William.
“Why,” said Father Francis, “would you assume that the Bible is not true? Do you have any reason to?”
“Apart from me not being a Kristian?”
“Why, yes.”
“The First Anathema against Origen,” said Sir William.
“I beg your pardon?”
“The 5th Ecumenical Council of Constantinople, 553 AD,” said Andreas Andreassen, as if answering a schoolmaster’s question.
“I see,” said Father Francis.
“You see what?” said Bygge, apparently unfamiliar with this particular aspect of ecclesiastical history.
Father Francis turned to face him, then sighed and did not explain.
Andreas Andreassen, however, did—elaborating on his schoolboy reply: “Origenes Adamantius of Alexandria, possibly the most accomplished biblical scholar of the early church, held the doctrine of the pre-existence of souls to be true. In other words, this extremely well read Church Father believed—both from, apparently, his own experience and from the scriptures—that the soul that were to become the person, pre-existed the body, and that this soul, upon death of the body, moved on to a new one.”
“Are you talking about reincarnation?” said Bygge.
“In a word, yes,” said Andreassen.
“It has no place in the Church,” said Bygge. “That is well established.”
Both Lewis and Mercier nodded in agreement.
“During the first five hundred years of Kristianity, it was not so well established,” said Andreassen. “Rather the opposite.”
Dexter’s and Fitzgerald’s turn to nod their accord.
Andreassen continued: “At the 5th Ecumenical Council of Constantinople, in the year 553 AD, it was decreed that ‘If anyone asserts the fabulous pre-existence of souls, and shall assert the monstrous restoration which follows from it: let him be anathema.’”
McEwen turned to him in what must be seen as wonder. “That’s pretty much verbatim,” he said.
“It is verbatim,” said Andreassen. Then continued: “In effect, this congregation of Church officers, directors, and board members decided to outlaw the return of the soul to life, whether true or not. And this for no finer purpose than the economical well-being of the Church.”
“That’s preposterous,” said Lewis.
“I would say not,” said Andreassen.
“And why not?” said Lewis.
Sir Williams held up a hand, looked over at his young Danish colleague. Could he field this? Andreassen nodded, be my guest.
“It is widely held,” began Sir William, “and well enough documented—for he who would look, that is—that the scriptures, shortly after the 553 AD Council, were purged of all reference to, or mention of, the pre-existence of the soul, or its transmigration. And I believe it is equally well established that the purpose of this purge was economical rather than doctrinal.”
“That’s preposterous,” repeated Lewis, not unlike a mantra.
“And immediately there fell from his eyes as it had been scales and he received sight forthwith and arose and was baptized,” said Andreassen, quoting Acts of the Apostles 9:18.
“What?” said Bygge.
“What I am saying is that you have to look. And that when you truly see, when the scales have fallen from your eyes, you must possess the courage to accept what you find,” said Andreassen.
“This is make-believe,” said Bygge. “Nothing but speculation.”
“Why would such a thing, were it true, be economical and not doctrinal?” asked Abbot Hirsch.
Sir William looked back over at Andreassen, would he want to field this one? No, apparently not. So Sir William said: “The Church fathers had by this time determined that transmigration, or as it is better known, reincarnation, was, to put it bluntly, bad for business. Coffers apparently drying up.”
“How so?” Hirsch.
“Because,” continued Sir William, “if the soul, at death, went neither to Heaven nor Hell, but instead returned for another tour of Earthly duty, what was there to threaten sinners with? Hell, by that time, as I’m sure you know—and thanks in no small part to our Roman friend Tertullian—had become both the Church’s finest recruitment device, and it’s firmest pecuniary lever. And this very Hell was now threatened by this pesky notion of rebirth, which had seemed to find traction—thanks to Origen and others.”
Hirsch shook his head, and again rubbed his left temple. “I agree with Bygge. This is pure conjecture,” he said. “Speculation.”
“And will probably remain so until we discover extant portions of pre-Justinian scriptures to prove the point.”
“What you say has never been proven,” said Father Francis. Emphasizing proven.
“Do you refer to the Justinian burning of all Bibles in violation of the 5th Ecumenical Council decree?”
“Yes.”
“If you’d allow me, I’d like to quote the good Abbot,” said Sir William and looked over at Abbot Hirsch. “I wasn’t there, so I cannot personally testify to such events, but much has been written about the Justinian burnings, and it is widely held…”
Father Francis interrupted him: “Widely held by philosophers.”
“Widely held by seekers of truth, Sir. Widely held by seers whose scales have fallen from their eyes,” with a nod in Andreassen’s direction. “Widely held by such research that a vast purge of existing scriptures, by the order of Justinian I, took place throughout the Kristian world, to ensure that no heretical references—such as Origen had pointed to as supporting his view of transmigration—remained in the official version of the Bible. That, Sir, cynical though it may seem, is why I take the current scriptures with a large helping of salt.”
“Well,” said Father Francis. “Each to his own.”
“True,” continued Sir William. “But why stop there. In order to eradicate any and all such foolish notions from the minds, and vocabulary, of the flock, many a proponent of transmigration were at the time summarily executed for heresy. The Church could not afford to lose the overwhelming threat of Hell to reinforce the Gospel—and replenish the coffers.”
“I find this very hard to take,” said Abbot Hirsch.
“It was nothing short of the first true Inquisition. The survival of the Church was at stake. For as long as transmigration was allowed to exist, as long as the scriptures referred to, and sanctioned, the pre-existence and reincarnation of the soul, Church survival was not a given. The Church, Sir—and that is the main message out of 6th century Constantinople—was fighting for its life.”
A silence fell on the stage. A heavily charged one. It seemed palpable, something you could touch, perhaps fold up and dispense with. You could almost see the two sides, the Kristians and the Philosophers, move father away, cleft by a chasm of mutual distrust.
It was the moderator who finally spoke. “Gentlemen. Let’s return to the subject at hand: the Storm.”
“The subject at hand is Truth,” said McEwen. “And I think we are making strides in that direction.”
“I agree,” said Andreassen, “Even though we seem to not see eye to eye.”
“To put it mildly,” said Abbot Hirsch.
“The questions is: Ascension, is it possible?” said the moderator, reading again from the sheet on the table in front of him.
For a while it seemed that the entire panel was preoccupied, each in his own way. No takers. Each perhaps fuming a little at the rift between the two sides, vexed at the other side’s refusal to see truth as it should be seen.
“If the Storm is the test our learned fathers hold it to be, then, should it be ascended?” said Andreassen. “Should it not be endured?”
“That is the test,” said Bygge. “To ascend the Storm is to pass the test.”
“But no one does,” said Andreassen. “Making Heaven echo from all its emptiness, and Hell bustle from overcrowding.”
“Kristus did,” said Bygge, clinging to dogma as if to a life line.
“Purportedly,” said Andreassen.
Which is when Bygge—with some difficulty—rose, and left the stage. When after an hour of pleading he refused to come back, refused to share a table with “a gathering of heretics,” as he put it, it was decided to end the debate, even though it had been cut short.
None of the audience asked for their money back.


::95::
Statistically, at the height of the storm, two people die in our country every minute from the violence it brings. That is one hundred twenty dead contenders every hour, twenty-four hours a day. On average, that makes for nearly 90,000 Season-related deaths each year. Many claim that these estimates—and they are only estimates since some municipalities refuse to report the true statistics (it is their constitutional rights to withhold such statistics should they choose to do so)—are on the low side, and a walk through Season-torn neighborhoods toward the end of March tend to validate that view.
Statistically, at the height of the Storm, a UII occurs every third of a second in our country. That is one hundred eighty every minute. The math is not pleasant.
Statistically, at the height of the Storm, though it is highly debatable whether reliable measurements do in fact exist, one person every three hours ascends the storm for better than one minute. That makes for eight ascensions a day. To be sure, there are many more claims of ascension—some Kristian extremist churches claim them by the daily thousands come the Season; but those who profess to keep ascension statistics as accurate as possible there is on average only one person, every three hours, that by actual observation seem—unaided by medication or herbal assistance—to remain wholly unaffected by the storm (as in no erection for males, and no vaginal secretions for women) for at least one full minute. Each such person observed also reported the strange phenomenon of seeing themselves from the “outside.”
This Ascension Rate (as it is sometimes referred to) is a sore spot with the scientific community who, naturally, deny not only the existence of ascension but the very possibility of ascending. There is nothing there to attain such alleged ascension: the body cannot leave itself. And since it is all in the genes; well, that’s how the reasoning goes.
Statistically—this, of course, stands to reason—all children born in our country, and in the world for that matter, are conceived during the Storm. This may appear a superfluous statement, but it is reiterated here to counter such claims as April births, or October conceptions. There are no such things. It is even amply proven that artificial insemination (which not so long ago was seen as the “great solution” to the December hospital bed shortage) never succeeds outside the Storm. Frozen, and revitalized sperm, injected into the womb at other times find nowhere to go, no eggs to fertilize, nothing to impregnate.
Statistically, during the Storm, there are 1,986 orgasms per second in this country. Worldwide, multiply by 14.38. That’s approximately 180 liters of sperm ejaculated every second, 10,800 liters per minute, 258,200 liters per day; in other words: over 250 metric tons of sperm, per day, in this country alone. And yes, multiply by 14.38—the amount of sperm stays surprisingly constant throughout—for the global amount.
It adds up to roughly 3,500 metric tons of sperm, per day.
That is a decently sized lake of swimmers.


::96::
Were we able to assume a bird’s eye view, a glance through the hovering eye of some intergalactic flyer, from whose height the city of Los Angeles would appear like a far far below network of faint illumination; whence the city of New York would look like a lightly patterned fat severed finger; whence the pursuits of man has imposed barely traceable geometry upon the will of the Earth.
Were we able to assume this distant bird’s view during the Storm we would perceive the interwoven frenzy of Storm as blood. As continent-wide blankets of pulsating and ever demanding and ever devouring blood.
Were this intergalactic bird to ascend a little, to where man’s pursuits were no longer discernable, the Storm-ridden planet would turn beautiful and sparkle like sapphire (oceans) and garnet (land) with amethyst borders where the two colors meet.
It is a pretty sight wings one intergalactic bird to the next, well worth the flight; but how they suffer wings the next to the one, beneath all that blood-colored beauty, why must they suffer so?
:
Were we to venture closer, were this bird of the stars to acquiesce and concede a measure of gravity; were it to let itself fall and so descend to hover close enough to penetrate this bleeding of lust and see what hid beneath, we would see the true effect of neglect.
Despite the best—and often heroic—efforts of the many colonies of neutered men working sometimes day and night, what our eyes would shatter upon is:
Refuse, uncollected and bloating, often spilling out of houses and apartment buildings onto lawns and sidewalks, replete with maggots and the scurry of many grateful, clawed feet; refuse fermenting in the sometimes sun, sometimes rain; bogs of smell rising.
Carcasses, both human—those the overworked and exhausted crews have yet to get to—and animal. Swollen, arms and legs like sausages, skin taut, stretched, glistening in the sometimes rain, sometimes sun. Grins—bloodless lips stretched over teeth as varied as the manner of death—certainly not of pleasure, more like disbelief, the final, ever uninvited admission of defeat. Crews will get to them, if not today, tomorrow; if not tomorrow, then next week; if not next week, then once the Storm is over.
Wrecks, major and minor. A skidded and tipped semi, food stuffs, long since picked over or spoilt, discolored, spewing out of cracks in the trailer and onto the tarmac.
Three smaller cars, also on the freeway, still crunched together as if sharing a secret; one dead body by a steering wheel, the others either sufficiently unhurt to have walked away, or collected somehow, by someone.
A green and red motorcycle, twisted frame, resent spill, rider still moving, trying to extract a broken leg from underneath the high cc engine.
Stranded, some burned, cars, both on the freeway and streets. Many probably stolen and used in improvised hunts. Many damaged or fuel-less, no service stations open—or functional—to replenish empty tanks.
Fires. Many fires. And evidence of many fires. Charcoal gray or black splotches of past tense dotting the entire map. Some years whole blocks burn—large, geometrical scars upon the landscape; other years—if the rains are well timed and the winds stay calm—only individual buildings burn.
Many, many buildings burn for people smoke and people forget they smoke, and like heroin-addicts will mid-smoke simply forget, and return to the Stormy-business at hand, cigarette falling where it may, to smolder and smolder and given nourishment to burn and burn and often as not the Storm-ridden couple will notice far too late and will themselves become fodder for fire.
And among the charcoal gray and black this low-flying visitor from other stars will see stranded fire trucks and ambulances enroute to who knows what unquenched fire, stranded now and abandoned, overwhelmed by the incessant demands, they have finally given up, to themselves be rescued once the Storm abates.
Fresher fires still burn. At night—from this altitude—they can look like campfires, genial, inviting, somewhere to warm your hands, warm your food, sleep by, well protected from sharp-fanged hunters—but that is in a different environment at a different time, here they are more like open sores, inflicting hurt upon a landscape already smoldering from disregard.
Were this sharp-eyed interstellar bird to have hearing to match, we would—from this height—sense a carpet of sound, a beneath us drone with few peaks and valleys; so we descend farther, to where individual screams can be heard, where individual moans—pleasure or pain, nearly impossible to distinguish—can be perceived. Shouts of hunters one to the next, shouts of victims, one to the next; sirens from the few rescue vehicles still operational; crackle of a new fire, hungry for and devouring dry wood or moist flesh; other screams, these, too, of ecstasy or pain, one or the other, some with intended listeners, some for the sake of screaming; even a short laughter or a giggle here and there—though weak perhaps from too much laughter or giggle—as another hunter catches another target and the spoils begin.
Apocalypse.
It is a good word, and were it in the intergalactic dictionary of our winged visitor, he would have deemed it appropriate for what his eyes behold. For it is what best describes the footprint of Storm.
Dismayed our visitor flexes his enormous wings: he’s had quite enough. Disillusioned he rises through blood, through space, toward the untainted regions of freedom to only look back perhaps once, perhaps twice, at the distancing and still distancing sapphire, garnet, amethyst into darker and darker space.
He must not forget to warn others, he thinks.
Perhaps he sighs for the sufferers, perhaps he even sheds a galactic tear; but he will not return.


::97::
Arrak brought all its resources to bear, but the woman remained lost.
After two days of search and intelligence gathering to ascertain who would have, who could have saved her—what organization or outfit, for the assumption was that whomever had pulled off the rescue was not short on resources—the conclusion remained: for all intents and purposes she had burned in the fire, there just was no trace of her.
Again, Raphael was consulting with Sharid. Both men had managed to catch some sleep and had recently showered. Both men also still donned their trademark suits: dark dark blue, and gray. Impeccably.
“Who?” asked Raphael again, perhaps for the tenth time.
“We don’t know. No one knows.”
“We must assume they lie.”
“We do assume they lie, Raphael. We have checked all our sources—and our sources will tell the truth as they know it—there is still no trace.”
“Who would have stood to profit?”
“The station,” said Sharid. “The authorities.”
“Her guards?”
“I agree, they should have brought sizeable backup, if for no other reason than to fulfill their contract. We’ve checked with them, no backup was sent, they were already overcommitted. And they know they failed to protect her. PR nightmare, they scramble right now, and there’ll be hell to pay once the Season is over.”
“Who else? Blackburn Small?”
“That occurred to me as well, but then he showed up the day after to sift through ashes.”
“True.”
“We’ve also interviewed, as well as we could, the neighbors,” said Sharid. “Nothing. No other teams arrived—and surely it would have taken a team to rescue her.”
“I would have thought so.”
Raphael returned to his desk, and brought out a small silver box. He sat down, then opened the lid to reveal a light brown powder. He brought a small pinch of it to his nose and snorted twice, once with each nostril. He closed the box, and returned it to the desk drawer.
“Start over,” he said. “Assume we have done nothing, spoken to no one, discovered nothing.”
“Raphael?”
“Corpses, no matter how badly burned, do not evaporate, not at these temperatures.”
“I know.”
“The woman is alive, Sharid.”
“I agree.”
“Find her. Kill her.”
Sharid nodded.
“She must burn,” said Raphael. It sounded like an oft-spoken mantra.


::98::
By the time arrak formed the properties of juniper bark had been known in parts of northern Persia for centuries.
As with may things—take alcohol as an example—the effects of juniper bark was discovered by accident. Legend has it that some three thousand years ago shepherds in the Persian highlands discovered these amazing effects while trying just about anything that could be ground up to temper the ill taste of uncured and partially rotten meat (hunger being an excellent, but not all-powerful spice). Barks of many kinds were tried, some more successfully than others, and so they also tried the bark of the juniper.
It was not until the following Season (or Seasons—for it took more than one to isolate which particular rot-disguising bark was the cause) that the effect became evident.
Once established, and verified, and re-verified, the shepherds kept the secret to themselves.
Arrak’s founding fathers, however, though naturally, knew the secret of juniper bark—after all, they had spies everywhere, even among the northern shepherds; and soon after it was formed, Arrak, and for good reason, adopted the brown powder that was ground juniper bark as its own exclusive treasure, and has since, over the centuries, managed to eradicate its use by anyone outside their secret brotherhood.
In fact, since it claimed the bark as its own, Arrak has—in a sinister testament to its frightening reach and effectiveness—for all intents and purposes eradicated any outside knowledge of it.
By the twentieth century Persian juniper bark, and its amazing effects, remained Arrak’s most closely guarded secret: any member found to have, or even suspected to have as much as mentioned it outside of well secured and ear-proof quarters, were put to death—along with immediate family—and usually not painlessly. Such swift and permanent cause and effect tend to seal lips.
And so they have remained. The lips. Sealed.
For Persian juniper bark—of all the things on Earth—is the only thing that keeps the Storm at bay.


::99::
Harman-Karman brought her fresh fruit, an omelet, bacon, and coffee. She looked up and smiled, then gingerly hitched herself half-way up against the wall, grimacing a little as she did. Settled in, ready to receive the tray. Smiled again.
He placed the tray in her lap, she winced a little as it pressured her wound, and he quickly adjusted the tray to avoid that area. All the while taking in her air, her absolute storm of pheromones, the smell of her hair, the scent of her beauty, the very rush of her blood—or was this his own blood?—her breath, her breathing.
My God, he thought, felt, realized: she is the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen.
And that thought was fatal; for although he still possessed—barely—sufficient presence of mind to wrestle himself free from free to turn toward the television set and mumble—hopefully with his normal voice—“Let’s see what gives,” it was all he could do to actually remain on his feet. The urge was like a force, like a mountainside rushing at him, near physical, near knocking him back and into the wall, window, floor, abyss.
The television screen saved him: For there was the house, or what was left of it, steaming, smoldering.
The single most violent incident so far this Season, the news anchor said. Eighteen dead, not counting the old woman, who had been identified as Mrs. Moore, the owner of the house. Four security guards, and fourteen what investigators said to be Arrak men.
It was still too early to attempt a search of the ashes for what they feared might be the remains of Alwyn Moore, KTLA star reporter.
At which she drew a quick breath, “Oh, my God. They think I’m dead.”
Harman-Karman was a little slow in answering, was a little slow in adding things up and arriving at conclusions. Then he heard himself say:
“That’s the best news yet.”
“What on earth do you mean by that?” she said.
“Arrak,” he said, surprised at his sudden lucidity. “If Arrak thinks your dead, they will not come looking for you.”
She took that in. Looked at him, looked back at the screen, eyes wide and Oh, God, so beautiful. “I hope I stay dead,” she said finally.
“My thought exactly,” he answered.
Her eyes rested on his for a while, then returned to the screen, then to the tray on her lap. An awareness moving from place to place, the most beautiful awareness he’d ever seen, landing on his eyes, on his television, on the breakfast he’d made her, and again that mountainside rose, surrounded, moved to suffocate, and he heard himself almost complain, “Sorry, I’ve got to see to something.” As lame an excuse—and as transparent, he thought—as he’d ever come up with.
He pulled himself through he thick air, out of the room, away from those eyes—surely resting on his back, surely wondering what on earth, but perhaps not wondering at all, perhaps knowing—away from her presence, from her permeation, her filling, and from the need to, the warm, rising, boiling need to.
He made to the kitchen, and from there to his own bedroom, and to his own bathroom, and from there to one, two, three ejaculations, before he felt even remotely capable of facing Alwyn Moore again. 
:
His knees, his thighs, his feet, all seemed uncertain, weak, not sure they could manage the coordinated art of walking. Still, he made them, and made it out of his bathroom and back to his guest.
She looked up from the tray; the omelet gone as well as the fruit. She was sipping coffee. Swallowed, took another sip, one eye on the screen, the other on Harman-Karman.
“Thank you so much,” she said, meaning, obviously, the breakfast. “Delicious.”
“You’re welcome,” he said.
She seemed curiously unaffected, curiously un-stormed. As if she had yet to, as if it had yet to.
A little more coffee, then smiled again. “You’re a good cook,” she said.
“I can crack eggs,” he said.
“Not everybody can,” she said.
“How’s that leg?”
She looked down, as if just remembering. “It’s good. Thanks. Of course,” she added, “the shot helped.”
And that put two and two together for Harman-Karman. Of course, the morphine will take the edge off, early in the Season anyway, and initially, the body still happily surprised at the pleasant invasion.
“You need another one?” For lack of something better to say.
“No, not yet anyway.”
The screen showed Season-related madness. Copulations, chases, fights, fires.
“And you?” she said, apropos of God knows what.
And you? What? Could she mean?
“And me?” he said.
“You’re…, how are you holding up?”
So she did mean.
For the longest time—it seemed like hours to him—he had no idea what to do with those words, that question. That wondering. Then, much to his surprise, he hear himself say: “Not too well.”
Her eyes must not have left him at any point, for they did not shift when he said that, they were already there, on him, looking, wondering.
“You’ve been a gentleman about it,” she said.
He had absolutely no answer to that.
“I mean…,” she began.
“I know,” he said. “I know what you mean.”
And that was just it, he did know what she meant, and he had told her as much—very un-him. But it felt not only good, it felt right. Right, that on some fundamental level he was sharing himself, parts normally labeled private. Unchartered territory.
Her eyes still on him, on his, still wondering. “Why did you come for me?” she said.
Oh, my God. How do you answer a question like that? And the fact that she had asked—and asked sincerely, really wanting to know, needing to know—brought such a strange mix of warm, and not all Storm-induced, emotions that he found himself totally, and happily lost.
When he didn’t answer—he was looking out the window, out across his back yard, hearing cats, birds, dogs, insects performing life out there, hoping that perhaps the answer lay hidden somewhere among the foliage, for him to discover—she spoke again: “Perhaps a shot would help?”
“What?” He returned to the room. “It hurts?”
“No, you,” she said. “It’s definitely helping me.”
And again he knew exactly what she meant. Beautifully. And he suddenly loved her for her concern for him. With a certainty he had never come across before, simple really: loved her, this woman, this Alwyn Moore.
“I think I will,” he said—realizing that under the circumstances this was an excellent suggestion. “If you’ll excuse me,” he said, mock-formally.
“Excused,” she said.
He left for his kit, found another morphine syringe, sat down on his living room couch, by the dark reminder of so long ago (was it only yesterday?), stabbed the needed into his thigh and snapped off the top: within seconds the Season had serious competition. He sighed, fell back, and melted.
Minutes (seconds? hours?) later he recovered sufficiently to stand up, to felt relieved (distanced) and more in control than he had felt all morning he returned to see to his guest. This woman. This Alwyn Moore.
:
Who was crying. Openly and deeply.
Bewildered for a moment, pleasantly disoriented, he didn’t understand. Then, as she looked up at him, face shimmering from tears and reflected light, he knew this pain did not stem from her wound.
“Why’d she have to be so damn stubborn?” she said.
She was permeating everything. The floor he walked on. The ceiling he walked under. The walls he walked among. The television she no longer watched—still mumbling to itself in the corner. The air, of course, the air she breathed, the air he breathed, the space she occupied, the same space he found himself in: her space. She was everywhere, and she was everything and he knew, on a very pleasant level, that without the morphine, right now, he would have ceased to be a gentlemen about it. Tears or no tears.
But she had made that excellent suggestion, and he had taken her advice, so instead he sat down on her bed and wondered something that he actually did wonder: “Was she proud of you?”
She glanced up at him, rubbed the worst of her grief out of her eyes with her fingers: “I think she was.”
He nodded, and she said, “She had a funny way of showing it, though,” she said. “Almost as if she was physically incapable of actually saying it, you know, ‘Alwyn, I am so proud of you.’ As if it was sitting there on her tongue, fighting to leave, but chained to it at the same time by God knows what kind of fetters.
“She acted proud around me, especially in company, but she never actually told me. She never actually told me.”
Here Harman-Karman did something else he would have thought himself incapable of, he took her hand. Took her left hand in his left, and then covered it with his right, and then just held it, and held it, and held it.


::100::
H-K Journal—3/2/2008
We ran out of morphine shortly after midday and by four or so, perhaps a little earlier, perhaps a little later, the surprisingly surprising effects—the at least partial stilling of the fever—began to wear off. Perhaps it was a little later, for the dusk outside the window, though it was not exactly creeping up, was gathering itself to, crouching.
Then I kissed Alwyn Moore, or she kissed me, or both. Our mouths our lips our tongues needed no guidance. They knew what to do, and took us—merry visitors Alwyn and I, stunned at times, ecstatic delirious elated transported for the most part—along for the ride. The rest of us: arms, legs, shoulders, hands, feet, knees, fingers, backs, thighs, hearts, knew what to do as well. Had it all down. Pat.
We have made love ever since; melting—that’s what it feels like—into each other.
Ever melting.
We come up for air. Her wound hurts a little, she says, and we notice blood on her bandage, though not much; probably from our enthusiasm getting a little overenthused—though we try to, I at least, be careful with that part of her thigh. I am worried, and I obviously look worried, that it’s hurting her, but she says that making love is better than morphine and that she doesn’t need me to find any more for her though I offered to and although I could, I’m sure, find some. Ch’ien Yung—who does take calls mid-Season, don’t ask me how—is a stellar arranger of things. But no, she says, she’s fine. And come here, she says, and not so much smiles as sighs me closer and back into the sweetest embrace and more melting without even changing that bandage.
I never imagined I would even—ever—write a sentence like that: into the sweetest embrace. Embarrassing, really. For me, I mean. Sickly sweet, is what I would have called it only a day ago, only a few hours ago. But when it’s true, what can you do? And it is, true. So. What. Can. I. Do. Question mark.
For I took her hand—and she let me—her cool hand, soft to the touch and cool to the touch (I’m getting confused here, I’m not sure whether I’m writing poetry or prose, my words frolic about and stumble and laugh and land where they will), so warm as well to the touch and I held it and hugged it with mine to drain her of grieving her mother which I didn’t couldn’t and which I didn’t really mean to or meant to for all I wanted to do and tried to do was to afford her a rest for a heart grown so heavy with motherless.
I am surprised—surprised, pleased, thrilled, amazed—that I am writing now, at this time, under these strange circumstances but she—Alwyn Moore, the woman of my dream, faintly of my past dream, vividly of my recent dream, against what could the odds possibly be? Well, against all those uncountable and unconceivable odds—is asleep now, exhausted she said and happy and not thinking about her mother, not overly from what I can see; she just comes up for air every now and then and then she sighs smiles beckons and we’re off again.
But here it is: it is more than sex. There is another dimension present. Another dimension present. This something more than need. This something that is tenderness and concern added to the mix to make it something not at all familiar and I think it has a name and I think that name is Love. Yes, I think that the name that it has is capital L Love.
I have not been in love before. I don’t think I lie if I say that. At least not with such clarity. That is definitely not a lie.
And that is the word, clarity, clear, clarity, clear and true that I wish for more than mating with this woman, this Alwyn Moore, wish for more than physical sharing (more than the near violent coming together that it seems in love-less retrospect) with Alwyn. There seems a limitless wishing when I glance in her direction, the direction (through the wall) of the guest bedroom and wonder if she is dreaming now, and if she is happy in her dreams, and whether her mother—that stubborn old woman, she calls her, as if she were still alive—is claiming her attention in death in dream; yes, I wonder and worry, though worry is not the right word either, it’s not like I agonize, but I am concerned and I do care; solicitous, perhaps that’s what I am, solicitous, I care, that’s what I do, I care about her.
And there, I’ve said it; and funny how words you use or hear all your life suddenly, when they truly occur for real to you take on a new and an oh so vivid three- or four- or five-dimensional meaning: care. I care about her. Yes that is precisely what I do, and with a caring that seems to have its seat in the heart, to rule from there: care. I care about her. That is what I do, with all my, and from my, and through my: heart.
I am surprised that I am writing; perhaps it is the caring that allows me to, that made me think of writing once she fell back and closed her eyes and fell into deeper and more beautiful slumber than I could have ever imagined; it must be the caring that made me want to rush to pen and paper and seize and remember it all for tomorrow and all my tomorrows; for here I am, chasing words across the page happy, yes happy, happier than I have been for years if not forever, happy about the caring, the writing, her sleeping in the next room, happy that she too seems happy.
Happy about the writing, the chasing across paper to sing my heart.
Happy.
:
H-K Journal—3/3/2008
Again, the one I care about, this Alwyn Moore—I enjoy to simply write that name: Alwyn Moore, Alwyn Moore, Alwyn Moore, for I feel that I have a right to, a right to write: Alwyn Moore, Alwyn Moore, a name now somehow partly mine to hold, to say, to think, to write: Alwyn Moore—this dream of mine has fallen asleep, and again not only did I not forget to write, it was more like a need: I had to capture the day, somehow cajole it down onto paper, lest perhaps it would otherwise not have taken place.
So here I am, cajoling. Confirming my day.
Do days only survive in the memory of words?
There were news this morning, and they were not so good.
Los Angeles arson people stated quite categorically that no human remains had been found in the ashes of Alwyn’s house. None. Zero.
And you are absolutely sure about this?
Oh, yes, positively. We’ve been through everything.
Twice.
Which, they were quick to point out—those stations that carried the news (KTLA, for some reason did not)—they found extremely interesting, for here was a mystery, here, among all the copulating and hunting, was a story: Where is Alwyn Moore?
And I wouldn’t care so much one way or another what questions were asked or what mysteries were chased were it not for Arrak who now will know—that’s what Alwyn said—who will now know that she was alive, and who would now not rest until they found her.
That took some consoling. No, not the right word either. More like stilling. Her heart, pulse, breathing; as well as mine, truth be told.
But I succeeded, on both counts, to still, and to open and to invite back in the melting, and for hour we forgot about ashes and sifting through the remains in search of.
Just after lunch—we’d come up for air, and checked back for additional news—Blackburn Small made a surprising—and a little transparent, said Alwyn—announcement: seems they had found human remains in the ashes after all.
The third time’s lucky, he said. A very un-Blackburnish thing to say, said Alwyn. Sounds scripted, she said.
But un-Blackburnish or not, he then went on to say tat they were now working at identification. They should know, later in the day, from dental records, whether this in fact was Alwyn Moore.
He likes me, said Alwyn, that’s why he’s doing this. And damn if I didn’t feel a faint, still very precise, pang of jealousy at that. And damn if she didn’t notice and said, after casting me one of her inquisitive glances: no, not like that, at least not as far as I know, she said.
What other ways are there, I heard myself think, though I don’t think I said it out loud, and I’m glad I didn’t. Jealousy is a strange thing, so very monomaniacal, there is only one side to things, and that side always gives you cause to.
He’s just a nice guy, at heart, she said; to relax me a little, I’m sure, to still the pang which I had no idea was noticeable. So, she cares, too, about me, in this true way which I find so uncomfortably comfortable; is what I took away from that exchange, and that stilled and killed the pang and then we returned to business for the better part of the afternoon.
By early evening we were starving and I decided to put on a kitchen show for her. Candles the lot. Haddock, boiled potatoes, beurre blanc sauce, I do a great one.
She was beautifully surprised at my antics, I could see that. I’d impressed her, and, of course, that was my intent.
We ate a little, TV-lessly, then she had to know, had to find out.
Conflicting news out of the Los Angeles arson unit. The remains had been identified as Alwyn Moore. The remains had been identified as not belonging to Alwyn Moore. There were no remains to identify.
The official line (the anchor’s words) was that Alwyn Moore had lost her life in that terrible fire. Un-identified sources begged to differ: Alwyn Moore was still alive, and on the run from Arrak.
What a story.
Did we have a LAPD cover-up?
Did we have a dead star reporter?
The plot thickens. Stay tuned.
I had to shut it off. Alwyn was shivering where she sat, and I stood to hold her. Held her and held her.
I took her back to the guest room (your bedroom is the journal room, she said when I suggested it, which struck me as an amazing thing to say).
Then returned to the kitchen, quickly cleared away the dishes.
Back to Alwyn
Who was still shivering, and the best I could do was just hold her some more. And hold her, stilling that thing that seemed to grow and grow now: she was really afraid, H-K (she’s calling me H-K), really afraid.
He’s trying to help me, that’s obvious, she said. But Blackburn does have enemies in the department—he can, and does, step on toes—who are only too happy to. Arrak is not going to buy it.
Fluttering again, as if she were freezing in my arms, and I willed my arms as warm as hot as caring as I possibly could and after a while she fell asleep like that.
She is still sleeping and I am still writing.
And still amazed.
And happy.
Though concerned.
And afraid.
But happy nonetheless.
Happy.
:
H-K Journal—3/4/2008
She woke up in the middle of the night, crying like a little girl (her words). Curled up against me and asked me to hold her again.
How is it that this tenderness keeps the Storm at bay, or at least the violet part? And how it is that it rustles like leaves and smells of forest? It was as if I too was cocooned in my own arms with her inside me and me inside me—as if I were both cocconer and coccoonee—and my own arms had grown bark and somehow elmy. Junipery. A strange strange feeling that let Alwyn sleep and let me stay happily unaroused for quite some time.
By morning Alwyn felt better, and not so afraid: the official line, after all, was official, and who would possibly think to look for her here? 
And so, after I re-dressed her wound again—still healing nicely—we returned to business and didn’t come up for air until three in the afternoon when it should have been hunger that brought us back but wasn’t, it was the rattle of the door, and the sound of more than one pair of feet walking around the house outside.
I grew very cold and suddenly intensely alert. All things but sounds ceased to exist in this dire moment of love threatened. I was hearing.
And counted three pairs of feet. Boots, one pair, sneakers or otherwise rubber-soled, two pairs.
The next thought brought me from very cold and alert to frozen: Arrak?
I told Alwyn to stay very still, very very still (they might—whoever they might be—have a listener as well) while I got up and quickly donned my hunters black—it sends a message, I’ve learned that over the years—and fished out my Barkas.
A quick glance from behind the living room blinds stilled my worst fear: a team. Not Arrak. A regular team picking up Alwyn’s scent and now come to investigate and assess the possibilities.
I listened with every fiber now. Established their positions. Eased the window open and waited. Waited for what turned out to be no more than a teenagers to come around the corner of the house, looking up as he slowly made his way as if checking for cameras.
I made sure I’d miss—though not by much—and fired.
He screamed and fell. Unhurt, I was absolutely sure, but nonetheless, he’s on the ground clutching, shaking, screaming.
The other two come running. Neither of them has a gun. For good measure I fire again, again making sure to miss, and the fallen kid is suddenly on his feet again and running, fast, followed by his two equally fleet-footed pals. Away. Away.
I am very relieved.
As was Alwyn once I returned to her and told her.
I thought it was, she said.
I did too, I said.
The need flooded back in the wake of all that reprieve, but hunger actually gained the upper hand, at least for the moment.
We ate, long and well, and refused to turn on the television set.
Then we returned to flooded needs.
Until not an hour ago, when again she fell asleep from sheer exhaustion. I checked on her wound, which was clean and healthy as wounds go. I changed the bandage and looked down at Alwyn Moore for a long long while, her hair spread over the pillow like dark water, her long eyelashes absolutely still in slumber and me thinking, as I stand naked and still perspiring from hours of sharing (strange, that word keeps cropping up) and wonder how best to describe this divine vision.
:
H-K Journal—3/5/2008
It is now official: Alwyn Moore is alive.
Alwyn had no idea, could not imagine, she said, what pressures had been brought to bear on Blackburn Small, but he had to admit—and it did sound like an admission—that he had been mistaken, no additional remains had been found at the site of the Moore fire.
How could he possibly, the reporters wanted to know.
He hitched his shoulders and arched his eyebrows in that who-knows gesture that is supposed to explain things: the Season. Things get mis-tagged, confused, mis-reported.
Not an un-true statement, of course.
Not by Blackburn Small, said Alwyn. He doesn’t mis-tag, con-fuse, mis-report, she said. No, he really had tried to cover her back, protect her. She was convinced of that. And now he was paying the price. Although he didn’t appear like eating crow, Alwyn said he was, and he hated it.
Then she said she was grateful to the man which did not bring about a jealous pang this time, and then she turned very afraid.
They know, she said. Now, they’re absolutely sure.
But they have no idea, I told her.
And of course she knew that, but even so.
I held her for a long time after that. She was more like a child in my arms than a woman (though her scent begged to differ, and I had trouble fending off the flood); then the tide returned and she was all woman again.
The Storm likes to remind you that life-and-death issues do not for long hold sway over it; that it, too, is of life and death. Much life in the rushing to the surface of all those little swimmers and many little deaths in their departure, which leaves us spent—if only long enough to re-rhythm your heart.
There was one more visit to the house; a lone hunter cased it for well over half an hour. I stood stock-still and ready with my Baraks by the living room window. If he as much as tried.
He didn’t. Don’t know exactly what tipped him off, but he thought better of the opportunity and vanished down the street.
Alwyn told me I must smell dangerous, and I said that perhaps there was something to that and she turned all woman again.
In my experience you cannot wear yourself out: there is no reprieve from the Storm, only respite. Still, this afternoon it was as if some candle had burned all the way down, as if wanting to give us more than a respite as we again surfaced, and this time came up for more than just air. Does Love have to do with this?
She is resting her head on my chest and I am simply taking her in, caringly, not needily. An unfamiliar though very pleasant feeling.
“I can’t seem to ever get my novel going,” she said, looking up at the ceiling, apropos of absolutely nothing.
I didn’t answer, just stroked her forehead and waited for more.
“You, Sir, have dabbled,” she announced.
Strangely, I knew exactly what she meant, knew exactly what conversation under what tree she was picking up again as if nothing, no escapes, no wounds, no Season, had intervened.
“Yes,” I said, “I have dabbled.”
“Seriously dabbled.”
“Seriously dabbled.”
“Anything I can read?”
This was a question that reached me from two very opposite directions: from a stranger Alwyn Moore it was as if you had asked me, out of Season, to undress there and then; from a friend Alwyn Moore, it could not have been more personal, more connecting—yes, that’s the word.
For a second or two I fluttered between the two poles—vibrating like a tuning fork—before I realized that she looked up at me, waiting for my answer, and I found myself very connected to.
“Wait here,” I said.
I fetched last year’s journal and found the story that had sprung to mind. The one serious dabble I wanted to share.
“It’s beautiful,” she said when I brought the journal back to the guest room, looking at the nicely patterned leather cover.
“This is last year’s journal,” I explained. “I wrote this in October.”
Then I read her “Melting Into Earth” which is the story I though she might appreciate, and she did. She looked up at me the entire time I was reading it to her, intent—I could tell—on every word. Once I had finished she didn’t say anything at all, and then said it again.
She reached up and found the back of my head and pulled my face towards her for the nicest kiss I think I’ve ever had.
“Dabbled,” she said. “Could you be humbler?”
I asked her if she liked it; more out of decorum than anything else.
“It is beautiful,” she said. “It shines with its own life.”
“Thank You,” I said, and closed the 2007 journal.
“How come you have it in there,” she asked. “Should it not have a home of its own?”
Then I explained to her how my journals were my only repository of thought, and how I liked writing by hand.
“And sometimes the journal entry transmutes to story,” she said.
“Nice word,” I said.
“It’s the right one,” she said.
“I know,” I said. “And yes, sometimes the journal entry transmutes to story. I may have jotted down notes about it in earlier entries as it shaped itself, but then there’ll be the evening when it’s ready and simply sits there on my desk waiting for me to open my journal.”
“I see,” she said. “You’re lucky.”
“I don’t know. Perhaps,” I said.
“No, seriously.” She lifted herself up onto her elbow. “If that can spring fully fledged onto paper.”
“It’s not very long,” I said. “Though it had a long gestation period.”
“You’re lucky,” she said again.
“And you,” I asked. “Your stories?”
“I start my novel,” she said. “A lot.”
“And stories.”
“Yes, them too.”
“Start a lot?”
“Yes.”
“Finish a lot?”
“A few.”
“You wouldn’t happen to have?” Which was—although I’m not sure how I could have known—the wrong thing to say, for that brought everything back to her and she began to cry.
“I’m sorry,” I said.
“After,” she said after a very long silence. “After. When we’re safely through this, this, this. If we are to safely get through this. Then I would very much like it if you would read some of my dabbling.”
And that was as much of a reprieve as we got.
After much more business at hand, we showered and she almost fell asleep standing up.
And with that I will say how amazed I am that I can write this; that I remember to write; that I seem to need to write although we’re now in Season; that I can, and can, and can.
It must be love.
:
H-K Journal—3/6/2008
Just a brief note (Alwyn is still awake, and does not want to be alone, she is afraid): I had to fire to kill today. Two hunters. Their team mates—they must have been closer than just co-hunters—brought the bodies with them as they withdrew. Four hunters in all. I killed two of them. Had to.
Alwyn, wondering what the noise was (I was using my silencers) came out into the living room and at one point glanced out the window. I am not sure, but I believe she might have been seen, might have been recognized; and that concerns me more than anything.
:
H-K Journal—3/7/2008
Two more teams today, both this morning.
I am grateful I did not have to kill to defend us.
And then nothing, no more teams. I have no idea if there is any relation between the teams (normally, there never is); whether word has spread that Alwyn Moore is in my house, if indeed she was spotted. I hope not.
Or that word is spreading that I am prepared to kill. That I do hope.
Perhaps the latter; for as I said, the balance of the day was both hunter and team-free, and also very industrious as far as our Seasonal business goes.
Alwyn’s wound is almost healed (which is an amazing thing in and of itself—I wonder if that is Seasonal influence, regeneration in the air and such; something to look into).
She is sleeping now; exhausted again. Asked me to not be away long, though, was the last thing she managed to say before she fell back and vanished; dead to the world.
So I will not be long.
But I am writing, and writing, and it has been a week now, or more, and I am still writing. Would I be writing if I hadn’t met/found/rescued Alwyn?
No way of telling.
:
H-K Journal—3/8/2008
Calm today. By which I mean: no hunters, no teams, no intrusions, or attempts at.
Hectic today. By which I mean, of course: the business at hand.
Writing today. By which I mean: putting pen to paper and looking out the window at my own reflection wondering how Alwyn is feeling in the next room.
Thinking briefly about that cat.
Wondering what happened to it.
Happily. 
:
H-K Journal—3/9/2008
Another calm day today. By which I mean the same as yesterday.
Alwyn thinks that perhaps we can relax; perhaps she wasn’t spotted; perhaps word will not reach Arrak that she’s here (yes, that, of course, above everything else, is her, and my, fear). Perhaps the Season will roll on and we will look back upon it and smile at the excitement. That’s what she said.
And saying that she said something that warmed my heart: we will look back upon it, she said. We will. We. There is a future for this we—this Alwyn Moore and this Harman-Karman Selby—that is what she said, and it warmed my heart.
Very, very much.
:
H-K Journal—3/10/2008
A story:
In the midst of winter and in the midst of summer stood the one thing impervious to the hardships of either: the winter’s bitter winds—the arctic frost racing upon the air to slay everything into white, the never rising sun; the summer’s low-sailing clouds—so heavy with heat the earth might melt were it not for roots like mine.
In the grace of fall and in the Storm of spring stood the one thing impervious to the hardships of either: the many farewells of fall to all vibrant life surrounding as it prepares for the long rest (or short death): to the hedgehog scraping together his fortress of leaves; to the fox pressing her young into service, there’s a lair needs furnishing, enough with the playing, and that means you, too; to the geese, the many many geese winging by making me wish my branches were wings, proudly set for sailing, high above hellos and then goodbyes; to the swans honk honk honking their au revoirs; to the swallow, settling, if only for a moment to impart one last smidgen of gossip before she swifts away for warmer climes; to the many scurriers and burriers rushing now to gather the last of their supplies that they may still live come spring; to the bear, sulkily scratching his back against my trunk, not even civil enough to say pardon me—but he’s forgiven, this is his mood, already half-asleep, half-wondering where he is and where he is going, lumbering on on lumbering legs on lumbering feet stirring up trouble here and there unwittingly then lumbering on again leaving murmuring murmurs of how rudes in his wake; to the man and his wife, they won’t come this way now until spring; to the southern stars who dip past the horizon not to return as long as Orion rules the sky.
To spring’s luscious re-gathering of life; the stretching of branches into twigs into buds into leaves; the rushing fever of life; the gigantic stirring, the vast billowing of purpose that drapes even the sky with smile; the return of geese, swans, and swallow (and wait until you hear this…); even brother bear, much thinner now but in a better mood for all that, stretching, looking around for life to do.
In the midst of all this I stand, impervious to all, for Untroubled is my name. Impervious to all that the four seasons may bring, and impervious again to what the fifth—eager to help life along, it says—does bring: the roiling boiling soiling arrival of Storm.
For Untroubled is my name.
And Untroubled I have stood for season, upon season, upon season, upon season, upon Season, and upon seasons and Seasons again.
Yet, for all the impervious that I am, for all the Untroubled I am called, still is there, was there, not a vacuum small as the smallest non-thing there could be, and huge as anything that has ever been.
For while life danced and danced around me, through me, beneath me, and above me, it somehow felt it never danced with me. And that was a tiny vacuum I hardly even knew I wanted filled, until.
Until a seedling one day, miles away it seemed, but only farther down the now meadow, until one day she grew from seedling to sapling to slender trunk and slight of branch.
A daughter? I wondered.
No, she answered. Not daughter.
What then? I wondered. What are you doing here?
I have come to dance with you.
Ah, that such a slender thing can fill a vacuum so vast.
:
H-K Journal—3/11/2008
I read again what I wrote last night and later re-read for Alwyn.
I cannot even remember writing it. I know that is a strange, strange thing to say, but it is nonetheless true. I see the words, remember my fingers, thumb, index and long, gripping my pen in wonder and the rush of cursive tale that filled my page, but I cannot remember harvesting such a story: though, of course I did. It’s there, plainly in view. Me, proud father.
I do not know who I am to thank that I am still writing. Never before this far into the Season. Never before that I can remember.
Is it Alwyn, then? Surely it must be. For I seem to care as much about her as I care about these words. And it seems she has come to dance with me, the impervious tree.
And stranger still, I feel the onset of another story:
A father paces. Smokes and paces. Back and forth paces. Up and down paces. Sits down, stands up. This place is crowded, of course; not even a real hospital, but that’s December for you. You’re lucky to find a real hospital, or able to bribe your way into one. Still, they say it doesn’t really matter, birth is birth and the care is the same: school, hotel, hospital, any place with many beds and nurses, doctors, all dressed in white and with strained smiles.
And paces some more.
And some more.
And then she comes: that little plump one who had told him not to worry, not to worry at all, it all looks fine, she’ll deliver soon now, any second, minute, hour, now—no, not any day now—second, minute, hour is what I said. And here she comes, strained smile and all. When did she last sleep? Not that I really wonder, it’s just a question that will clamor for attention no matter what white coat you look at. And here she is with an I-said-so look framing that strained smile, looking up at him: a son.
A son? As if he hadn’t know.
A long son.
A long son?
Yes.
As in?
As in the longest I’ve seen all year, or any year, she strainedly smiles up at him.
As in born to the game?
As in born for what game, she wonders, and then asks him to please, sit down, no he cannot come in, just wait here, she’ll bring him out; they’re washing him right now.
And Alice? He remembers to ask.
Alice?
My wife.
 Fine. Yes, she’s fine. Fine. Resting now. Resting. Wait here.
No longer pacing. Sitting now. Longest she’d ever seen. Well, Alice’s father’s a long one too, though he’d never touched the game he said (with some odd and very inexplicable pride); not even hoops? Not even hoops.
And here she is again, the plump one with this long red-brown-noisy bundle in her arms; and a here you are, your son.
Fine, let me see. Can I hold him?
Sure. Of course.
So he stands up again, all way-taller-than of him and looks down upon, then collects from up-stretched nurse-arms his long, born for the game son.
Ah. Holds him up higher and higher: this tall, this tall.
But, says the little bundle of red-brown-noisy, what if I don’t want to?
That, says tall father, has no bearing at all, none. You. Are. Born. To. The. Game.
And the little bundle of red-brown-noisy becomes a little bundle of noisy-brown-red and remains so for years to come.
Didn’t sleep much; neither father nor mother while little bundle remained noisy-brown-red which—if family stories be believed—he did for years; for three years, in fact, father would add.
Only two, says mother. Three, says father as if to kill the conversation dead. Two, mumbles mother. What? says father. Nothing, says mother. Three, says father.
Long brown noisy bundle grew long longer longest in class and freckles and discovered that he was not the only one with his name and that father had them much confused and then like grandpa Nicholas long longer longest refused to touch the ball.
And refused.
And refused.
And father’s liver grew and grew and grew and killed its owner and mother Alice too in the process, although that took months to accomplish.
A son, said the son, an impervious son.
No, my darling, said Alice, who was not really a tree at all, but still a mother singing and dancing her son, not impervious at all, for there is still a vacuum. And that vacuum is not tall father or loving mother but dance.
And so Alice, whose father was as tall as long longer longest if not longer still, arrived one day to sit down and comfort her son, who still refused to touch the ball, never had, never would.
It was late fall, almost winter, and her


::101::
Harman-Karman said: “What she proud of you?”
She glanced up at him, then rubbed the worst of her grief out of her eyes with first her fingers then her knuckles: “I think she was.”
He didn’t answer, just nodded, his head a silhouette against the window and the outside light, misty gray but bright nonetheless. He understood.
He handed her a napkin.
She dried her eyes some more, then her cheeks. “She had a funny way of showing it, though,” she said. “Almost as if she was physically incapable of actually saying it, you know, ‘Alwyn, I am so proud of you.’ As if it was sitting there on her tongue, fighting to leave, but chained to it at the same time by God knows what kind of fetters.
“She acted proud around me, especially in company, but she never actually told me. She never actually told me.”
Her rescuer, her fan, her host nodded some more, looked at her and bowed his head in a slow up and down—still in relief against the window— that told her again: yes, he understood.
Then, still not saying anything, Harman-Karman took her hand in his, then covered it with his other, as if to shelter her—hand, arm, shoulder, body, spirit, all of her—in that little cave he built for her with his two hands. And there he sheltered her and sheltered her.
She leaned back against the pillow, wondered at the man, who was he really, and why did he care so much; and why did she care that he cared; and yes she did care, and that caring felt sheltered and warm, and in that cupped harbor of his hands, yes, if felt like—did she dare to even think it, that caring—it felt like love.
And in that discovery, in that love for her fan/savior/host, in that safe harbor, she drifted back and down and into happy sleep.
:
She had no idea how long she had slept, but when she opened her eyes he was sill sitting there, still in relief against now blue sky, still cradling her hand, keeping her safe.
Safe, but not from the pain in her leg, which is what had brought her back: dull, hot, charged, all at the same time. She shifted a little, carefully so as not to remove her hand, which seemed to have settled just fine, thank you, between his. Shifting, though, she pulled or strained something, and that something hurt, a lot. She moaned, if not yelped.
“I’ll get you some more,” he said.
“Thanks.”
A moment later he returned, a syringe, no, two, in his hand.
“Last ones,” he said.
“One each,” she said.
“No, I’m fine.”
“One each,” she said, and she meant it so well that he couldn’t, or at least didn’t, argue.
“Okay,” he said.
And there was the little prick, nothing really—though, truth be told she hated needles of any kind—and then the warm swell of not only a negative lack of pain, but a positive surge of pleasure; no not really pleasure, but of well-being, of feeling so, just, damn good. Morphine was a strong seducer.
“You, too,” she said.
He looked as if he had found some counter-argument after all, when she added, “just to keep things calm, you now, at least for now.”
That he could not argue with, and so he stabbed himself in his thigh with the disposable, broke off the top and suddenly seemed to glow.
He brought the two empty syringes out of the room. She heard him open a cabinet door—under the sink, she’d venture—drop the disposables into what sounded like a plastic retainer, then close the door again.
He returned, sat down again where he could see her so well, and she see him not so well—still shadowy against the window—and again took her hand.
Cradled it. “I had a father like that,” he said.
For the briefest of moments she had absolutely no idea what that meant. Might has well have been a different language. Shifting a little in her cocoon she looked up at what had spoken, tried to make out his eyes, found them looking down upon his hand holding hers, then made the connection, and said:
“Incapable.”
“Yes.” And then he fell silent for what could have been a few seconds, a few minutes, hard to tell for she drifted again. Then he said, “For the longest time I thought he was talking about me all the time, bragging about me to his beer-buddies, telling them how proud he was of me, how great I was. I never really got the details, they were always in another room, and I wasn’t allowed in there. But there was pride in his voice and I heard my name a lot. It was the greatest feeling.”
He took a deep breath, “Then—I was six at the time—I discovered that he wasn’t talking about me at all, but about Harman Karman—the no-hyphen Harman Karman—his basketball hero, and my namesake. He’d never talked about me at all.”
“That’s the saddest thing I’ve ever heard.”
“That’s when I stopped growing.”
“You what?”
“I stopped growing.”
“How is that even possible?”
“Well, I didn’t stop altogether. But at six I was already five feet tall and headed for ‘well over seven’ as my dad would, and often did, put it. And he was right, at that age I should have had at least another two feet to go. But I put the breaks on. Only grew another eleven inches between then and now.”
“That’s not even possible,” she said. For how could it possibly?
“I’m living proof,” he said.
“You were six feet tall at six?”
“No, five.”
“Yes, five. That’s what I meant. That’s amazing.”
“I know.”
“And how tall are you now?”
“Five-eleven.”
“That’s only eleven inches between then and now.”
“That’s the whole point. I stopped growing to spite him.”
“That’s not even possible,” she said again.
“Possible or not, I did it,” he said.
“You are an odd one, Harman-Karman Selby.”
“Agreed.”
Then they both fell silent. Alwyn filled with a warmth of many colors—comfort, safety, morphine, caring, love—drifted back to sleep and did not notice how Harman-Karman, tired too, laid his head down—just to catch a wink or two, mind you—softly beside hers. And then drifted too.


::102::
The Juniper elbowed the elm. If indeed one tree could elbow another.
“See?” she said.
“See what?” said the Elm.
“They’re happy.”
He looked, was as well as he could, saw. “I know,” he said.
“You didn’t.”
“I do now.”
“I know.”
“The morphine helps them,” said Harry’s Pine. “It dulls the Storm.”
“I know,” said the Juniper, though that was not true, she hadn’t known that at all, or even ever thought of that.
“It’s hard to find him, to fill him,” said the Elm.
“That, too, is the morphine,” said Harry’s Pine. “It clouds them a little. But it also shields them a little, and that is what helps,” he added.
“Is that why they’re happy?” asked the Elm.
Though the question was meant for Harry’s Pine, it was the Canary Island Pine who set out to answer, but the Juniper who got there first:
“They’re happy because they have discovered each other,” she said, inexplicably proud, somehow, to have hit upon something, without really thinking at all—for she rarely thought before she spoke—that in the saying suddenly appeared so very true that the air seemed to vibrate.
“True,” said Harry’s Pine.
“My thoughts exactly,” said the Canary Island Pine.
“Mine too,” said the Camphor from two houses down.
“What have I said about listening in,” said the Juniper.
“I’m just saying,” said the Camphor. “Here are two people, happy to have found each other. It’s a nice thing to behold.”
“It is a nice thing,” said the Juniper.
“Very,” said the Elm.
Harry’s Pine didn’t say anything but the others knew that he, too, thought this was a very nice thing.


::103::
Alwyn awoke in the late afternoon. Her leg hurt a little, and her left arm, upon which rested Harman-Karman’s tranquil (and still dreaming) head, was numb and tingling.
For a breath or two she had no idea where she was. In a forest, she thought, among deciduous trees, for the ceiling looked like a canopy of light and light-green: leafy branches reaching and touching each other doming her. Then, she awoke further and saw it was just a ceiling, as regular as anything.
She turned her head toward Harman-Karman, and saw, as if for the first time—she must have noticed this before, surely—that his nose and much of his cheeks were freckled. What an odd man, she thought. But what a good man, too.
As if Harman-Karman’s inner ears were burning from her reflection, he opened his eyes wide and looked straight into hers. Smiled.
“How’re you feeling?”
And that was a loaded question.
Very.
“I am feeling,” she said, and cradled his head with both arms now, pulled it closer, pulled that wonderful mouth closer, and kissed him long and very deeply.
And that opened the floodgates to impervious waters—rushing, drowning, extinguishing whatever remained of the morphine shield—filling her in almost an instant from toes to head, and especially loins and thighs and need and need and need.
And these waters spilled over into, or were joined by waters spilling out of, Harman-Karman who returned the kiss as fervently and then they simply melted into each other.


::104::
Melting, as a truth or concept, lies more in the realm of poetry than of philosophy or science or religion.
For, of course no real melting, as science would have it, takes place; nothing overheats to the point of liquid and runs away. Neither are there any useful ponderables for philosophy to sink its ruminating teeth into. And as for religion, melting does not exist. There simply is no such thing.
Yet, for the poet, and for those in love—for true lovers are like poets, are they not?—melting is true and real and a constant source of wonder.
And inspiration.
Many of the literary (as well as romantic) persuasion hold that the long since vanished Wendell Reese expresses it the best, or the most eloquently, in his now legendary Ring of Melting collection of astonishing poems, written he said (and others refuted, and still refute—since, according to prevalent literary criticism, no writing of any merit can indeed take place mid-Season, the mind being to affected, clouded, steeped, etc., pick your own adjective) throughout the 1968 Season and not even edited post-Season but published “raw” (as the original dust cover, and later paperback covers, inform us).
Originally published as a small edition in late 1968 the collection (which Wendell Reese himself always referred to as a Ring rather than a collection) took on an almost immediate cult status and by the end of 1970 had already seen its fourteenth printing.
In February of 1971 Wendell Reese (never one for notoriety), alarmed by his sudden fame, for all intents and purposes disappeared and has not—this is a pretty much established fact—been seen or heard from since.
Another curious fact about the man: no photograph or other image exists of him. Camera shy from birth (as one of his biographers put it) he, like the aboriginal American Indian, seemed convinced that the photograph would capture, and forever imprison, your soul. That’s one story.
Another is that Reese planned his eventual disappearance from early childhood, and so—to facilitate this vanishing—ensured no picture of him was ever taken. Not likely.
Other stories still—they proliferated after Ring of Melting was published and became what can only be deemed a phenomenon—claim that there is no such person as Wendell Reese, that he in fact is a persona invented by his publisher. This, of course, flies in the teeth of the live readings he gave in 1968 and 1969 of these poems (no cameras allowed, a wish apparently respected); and of the live readings (no cameras allowed there either, and also respected) of earlier—and minor—collections.
It would be safe to say that Wendell Reese did (and likely still does—he was only 21 when the Ring was published) indeed exist, and that he had just been incredibly fortunate in avoiding “capture” as he himself put it when talking of photographs; and has been equally fortunate in not having been spotted by those who knew his face since.
Rumors surface about every two years that a new Reese collection is about to burst upon the scene, but it never materializes (leading many to speculate that he is probably deceased). Others claim that his death could not possibly pass un-noticed and that immediate family (who surely must know where the man is—but have, despite many bribes and offers, remained mum) would inform the world of the event. Others say that not even his parents, both still alive, nor his siblings—he has two living sisters, a third sister died in 2004 from pneumonia—know where he went or is.
Then, of course, there is the alien abduction lot, but not much credence is paid to them.
Fact, though, remains: Wendell Reese wrote possibly the most widely read, and most talked about, collection of poetry of the 20th Century, and the man, as a result disappeared into thin air. Enough said.
The Ring is a fairly long cycle, consisting as it does of 101 poems of varied length, some as long as 12 pages, some as short as two lines; too long to replicate here in its entirety, obviously.
These seven samples must suffice:
:

The Earth Sings

Feet above and sky below
The knee the heel the tooth
The shallow hollow ‘neath my chin
Her chin its shallow hollow too
Lips and tongue
And breasts and noses
Waters soft and mighty
There is no red here
No pain here
No me here
Only melting
As the Earth sings

:

The River

For me

There is no slaking this thirst
by drinking
No quieting this roar
by bread or by meat
No quenching this desire
by yielding
There is no escaping my captor
by a coming together

There is no relief from this dream
by waking
No quieting this moan
by hearing it complete
No pouring myself
into wonderful warmth
There is no release
by finally melting

Surely, this is a sickness
Surely, when not a minute passes
without the thought of her
When not a breath escapes me
without the need to touch
to hold, to bury my face
in her hair and vanish
into that river

Surely, this is a sickness
this awful pull
this unreasoning
this unseeing
that sees nothing but her
that feels nothing
but the need
to furl up against her
and vanish
into that river

For this is not volition
No, this is not choice

This is now river

This cannot be right
this driving rush
that asks nothing
but obedience
blind and absolute
that hopes for nothing
but release
and never stops speaking

It is a terrible sickness
this one
that seizes the heart
in its iron grip
and seems to
leave it up to you
when in truth
there is no you left
to leave it up to

For now
there is only the heart
and the fist
and its terrible
crushing strength

It is the human part
of being so very human

It is the lie
that states
in a thousand different guises
that you are incomplete
without her
that you are unfulfilled
without her
that you are less yourself
without her

It is the hurt
that says
in a thousand different tongues
that you are nothing but hope
without her
Nothing
but that constant
aching
seething
seeking
loving
lost and roaming
tossed and sinking
warm and clutching
darkly living
softly killing
wish

How can this be me
so content a moon ago
Now so starved

How can this be me
so in flight a sky ago
So heavy now
with Earth

Ah, that I could lose myself
in something else
in something less
consuming
while still
I have some air
to call my own
untainted by this
ceaseless love
so fierce
that only poetry can heal it

For unlike the bruises
cuts and breaks
and scrapes and burns
that start their healing
once received
(the body sees to that)
this wound
is of the unhealing kind

So fierce at times
that priests would
drown its moan
with metal and thong
in rivers of blood
in grooves of pain
to replace
her ache
for a moment at least
with the sting of her sister

And yet, and yet,
I have to know

Tell me
by what design
and by whose
does this tender seed
sown by love
so innocently
by a blush perhaps
by a sweet smile
a kiss
a tender eye
a touch
by one hand upon another
with no harm planned
nor pain intended

Tell me
by what design
and by whose
does this tender seed
thus planted
into soil of understanding
Turn parasite

Turn tentacles
Turn drooling

Turn strands
Then shackles

Then terrible sickness

By no will of mine
(and so I swear)

By no will of hers
(and so I swear)

By only the voice of one heart
caught by another

Though heard
by these strands
so fierce and strong
only song
can sever

But whence do they spring
these tiny strands
so small at first
as to not be seen
that can grow to turn a
nothing but sky
into terrible darkness

How do they grow
these tiny strands
from hand on hand
and tongue on tongue
to turn a nothing but laughter
to a nothing but ache

And so I wonder

What endurance
What steadiness of hand
What surgical skill will it take

What masterful incisions
and delicate cuttings
must succeed

That the sickness
and its innocent heart
be severed
That the patient may still live
That the sharing may remain
while the terrible sickness
returns to Earth
to shatter

This, my love,
is the trial of spirit
living here

:

The Tide

Gingerly the lips collide
the honey of the tongue
melts to form a glow
a rush, a river

Love's forever rising tide
now innocent and young
surging in a slowly
mounting quiver

Ah, this moment's so sweet to touch
sweet to feel

Harboring such 
gently surreal
pleasure

But time is so hard to catch
hard to hold

When dreams all hatch
awed by her old
mythical treasure

Sanguineous, the rising head
enchanted to the core
races for a pain
unsought, unchosen

Passions gasp and cry instead
of laughing like before
wasted, bleeding, slain
forgotten, frozen

This moment is hard to find
hard to view

A warm and blind
and lost and untrue
dawning

But time is so hard to catch
hard to hold

When lives all hatch
true to her old
unceasing spawning

:

The Tender Lie

Will my heart
and her tender lie
be for me to know

as a light
or a woe to cry
or a wound to show

maybe more
like a prayer to say
or a bond to break

or perhaps
as a far away
or a grave mistake

maybe love
and her ache will pass me by
if I pledge my past
and would cease to try

but then my heart
and whatever that I be
we come to you
as you come to me

In your eyes
I see shadows laugh
as I drink your grace

and I wonder
on whose behalf
do they leave their trace

In the warmth
of your deep embrace
I can feel no pain

nor the world
that I have to face
if I would maintain

seems like love
up and caught me on the run
with the chains I trail
and the needs I shun

but for you
I'm a better man for sure
I could see myself
and I would endure

I don't know
why you take for granted
I am yours
when I belong
to no one

I'm torn and I bleed
and I'm left enchanted
yet you lie and you say
that no harm
is done

Will this life
and the things I chase
be for me to know

as a lie
or a futile race
or a seed to sow

Maybe more
like a brand new day
or a chance to take

or perhaps
as a field of play
with my soul at stake

maybe life
and her lust will pass me by
if I trust my wings
and would dare to fly

maybe then
I shall be what I can be
I shall know the sky
I shall sail and see

:

The Fever

Colossal the mountain
Moving at speed
Across space capitulating

:

The Sharing

I glean and I gather
reflections of time
to sing and to savor
for a while
until it is over

They shine and they glitter
they whisper and chime
to touch and to talk to me
awhile
until it is over

With a heartful of things to say
I have rivers to tell
but if I can't begin I may
as well
be gone

With love as my fortress
and sin as my guise
if I could just share
a little while
into it is over

And while that tenderness
is hard to find
is so hard to show
is so hard to know

I find that nonetheless
to dream about
but to do without
is harder
still

:

The Fading

Silent by the fire
you rose to retire
slowly as you fingered
your hair and then lingered
and then you turned
to me and you smiled
at what you saw
and what I saw
was how you faded
into leaving
my heart in despair
my eyes in awe


::105::
Alwyn stirred, opened her eyes, and asked him where he had been, and what time was it?
My Journal, he answered, as if that explained everything. And, as it happened, it did explain everything.
And about midnight, I guess.
She kissed him gently and murmured something unintelligible.
He, pressing up against her noticed the wet, sticky darkness of the bandage and caring took over. He insisted—over initial protests—that he clean the wound (which looked much better, the bleeding notwithstanding) and changed the bandage.
That done, they returned to business for the night shift.
:
They awoke after only three hours sleep. Harman-Karman kissed her sweetly on her forehead, then checked her bandage, which, happily, showed no new signs of further bleeding.
After a leisurely breakfast—Harman-Karman, she discovered with relish, was indeed a good cook—they fell back into the bed and before returning to business, caught the news.
Which caught them.
For they were not good.
A Los Angeles arson officer not Blackburn Small was stating, importantly and in a sonorous voice—one of those voices used for movie trailers; Alwyn had no idea who this man was, which surprised her, maybe he was a recent import—that, in fact, stressing fact, no traces of human remains had been found in the ashes of Alwyn Moore’s South Pasadena residence.
“None,” he said. “Zero.” Relishing the attention, being on camera. Those people do exist.
“And you are absolutely sure about this?” asked the NBC reporter which Alwyn recognized and didn’t really care for.
“Oh, yes, positively.” He pronounced it paw-sa-tiv-e-ly. “We’ve been through everything. Twice.”
“So if that’s the case,” said the reporter. “That means Alwyn Moore is still alive?”
“Would seem so.”
And that was the story on all the channels, except for KTLA which was surprisingly—or not so surprisingly—silent about this.
“They’ll know,” said Harman-Karman. Sitting up now, tensely. Looking back at Alwyn, then back at the screen.
“Yes,” she said. “They’ll know.” Her quivered with the disaster of it, and her mouth was dry. “They’ll know.”
Harman-Karman leaned back against the wall. Then pulled Alwyn to him and stroked her forehead. Pressed her head against his shoulder, then his neck, as if trying to absorb her.
“They have no idea,” he said. “Really, they have no idea. Nobody saw us.”
“They’ll never give up,” she said into the silent room. He must have muted the television.
He had no answer to that. Instead he continued to cradle her head against his neck and shoulder, to drain her anxiety away.
Then, like a blessing, the nearness and the scents and the warmth brought the river back and they drowned for a while.
Shortly after lunch, Alwyn tense again about the morning’s news, needed an update.
And it was surprising.
And good.
This time it was the gaunt features of Blackburn Small that filled the screen, much less self-important than his sonorous colleague.
“Yes,” he confirmed. “They had, after all, discovered human remains in the ashes.”
“How is that possible?” Another NBC reporter, this one Alwyn actually could stand. Competition or not, she was good at her job.
“The third time’s lucky,” he said.
“Strange,” said Alwyn.
“Why?”
“He would never use a phrase like that.”
“Third time’s the charm?”
“Yes. Third time’s lucky. Scripted. Sounds scripted. He’s putting on a show, H-K. And,” she looked over at Harman-Karman, and then back at Blackburn Small, “I have a feeling he’s doing it for my benefit.”
“What do you mean?”
“There are no human remains in those ashes, we know that. He’s making this up.”
Harman-Karman nodded. Yes, yes, that made sense.
On-screen Blackburn Small was explaining that the remains were now with the Medical Examiner and that identification was in progress.
“We’ll know, later today, from dental records, if nothing else, whether the remains are in fact those of Alwyn Moore.”
“He likes me,” said Alwyn. Out of the corner of her eye she noticed Harman-Karman flinch ever so slightly at that, and not without a little satisfaction. He does care about me, he really does.
But she had to be truthful, “No, not like that,” she told him, and touched his hand. “At least not as far as I know.”
When Harman-Karman didn’t answer, she added, “He’s just a nice guy, at heart. A decent guy. Obviously trying to cover my back. Keep me alive.”
Harman-Karman seemed to see the logic in that for he smiled and said, “You owe him one.”
“I do.” She nodded.
Then snuggled up against Harman-Karman and they returned to business.
Harman-Karman surprised her again at dinner; this guys could cook. And had set the kitchen table really nicely. Hobbling in on mostly one leg, she stopped at the door, took the table in. She was impressed. Candles and all. Classy guy.
“Here,” he said and indicated one of the chairs. She sat. Her thigh still hurt, especially when she bent her knee, but looking down she noticed the bandage was still clean. No more bleeding. She was healing fast, faster than she would have expected.
Harman-Karman poured her a mouthful of white wine and waited for her to test and approve. She smiled and tested and approved. He smiled too and filled her glass. Served her the fish and the potatoes, topped it with sauce, then sat down and filled his own glass. Welcome to the Chateau d’Shelby, he said, and she smiled again, and nodded in graceful mock acceptance.
Hating to break the beautiful part-real part-pretend setting she said:
“I have to find out, H-K.”
“Of course.” And he reached for and found the remote. Turned the kitchen television on. They both faced it—cutlery mid-air—while it warmed up to launch itself.
Right into the Alwyn Moore news story, now dubbed The Mystery Of by NBC. She frowned at that, realizing too, of course, that her own station more than likely would have come up with something similarly crass had the shoe been on the other foot.
According to the shiny anchor face—too may delayers, she thought—things were not adding up: One source at the LAPD, not Blackburn Small, had confirmed: The remains had been identified as those of Alwyn Moore. She was definitely dead.
Another source, this one at the ME’s office, wanted to stress that the remains recovered from the South Pasadena ashes had been identified as not belonging to Alwyn Moore. Miss Moore was definitely alive.
A third report stated categorically—this out of the arson unit—there were no remains to identify. There had been a mistake.
“The official LAPD line,” the shiny anchor stressed the word, “is that our colleague Alwyn Moore lost her life in that terrible fire. This reporter, however, begs to differ: I believe Alwyn Moore is still alive, and that she is now on the run from Arrak.”
“Jesus,” said Harman-Karman.
Alwyn didn’t say anything.
Harman-Karman switched to ABC.
Which wondered in bold caption over the image of Alwyn Moore: LAPD Cover-up?
“Jesus,” said Harman-Karman again.
“Ditto,” said Alwyn in an attempt at sounding brave.
“Do we or do we not have a missing reporter?” asked the ABC anchor. “This plot thickens. Stay tuned, ladies and gentlemen.”
On to copulation-enhancer commercials.
Harman-Karman shut the television off.
Then rose, walked around the table and embraced her from behind as she sat, still looking at the dark screen. Thoughts refused to come. Her head felt like the perfect vacuum. So perfect, in fact, she actually made a note of it. The strange reaction to impending disaster.
“I’ve got to get out of here,” she said.
He increased his embrace, nestled his head into her neck. “No you don’t.”
“You’re in danger, too.” Surprising herself a little by actually meaning precisely that.
“I know,” he said, and kept holding her.
“And you don’t care?” she said. For that is what he had said.
“And I don’t care,” he confirmed.
“They’ll find me.”
“No.”
“They will.”
“They have no idea, no leads, no traces of you. How could they?”
“They’re fanatical.”
“I know.” The he stood back. “Come,” he said.
She rose, and they made their way back to the guest bedroom, she leaning on him for support. “Or shall we use mine?” he asked.
“No,” she said. “That’s your journal room.”
He helped her lie down, kissed her, then disappeared back into the kitchen. She could hear him put things away, and plates into the dishwasher. Tidy man. She made a note of that too. It was all starting to add up to: perfect man.
Then reality returned and she started to shiver. Perfect man was no match for Arrak.
Harman-Karman returned and laid down beside her. Embraced her and lay very still, just holding her.
“I’m afraid, H-K, really afraid,” she said.
He nodded, and increased his embrace as if to still her.
“He’s trying to help me, that’s obvious,” she said. “But Blackburn does have enemies in the department—he can, and does, step on toes—who are only too happy to.”
And into the ominous stillness, “Arrak knows.”
His arms were like a warm fortress. Perfect man’s arms, strong and gentle, hand now stroking her temples. She liked that, that gentle pressure on her temples and forehead. Soothing and safe, and those were the last things she thought of before she fell asleep.


::106::
Raphael closed his eyes. Rubbed the based of his nose. Grimaced.
The Anchor was still going on about the mystery woman.
Sharid brought strong coffee, which Raphael accepted gratefully. Drank. Grimaced again at the bitterness, almost chewiness, of the thick, black, unsweetened liquid.
“Which is it, Sharid? Dead or alive?”
“We don’t know yet.”
“Is the Blackburn Small to be trusted?”
“On the surface, yes. Nothing but professional. But he’s also a friend of hers, and the reports are too conflicting.”
“We have no ears or eyes at the Medical Examiner’s office?”
“We do.”
“And?”
“No word yet.”
“Well, please, get word.”
“Yes, Raphael.”
:
Later that evening they did get word. Confirmed. No one had been brought in for identification from the South Pasadena fire. No one.
“And you’ve verified this?” said Raphael.
“Yes,” said Sharid. “Three times.”
“So she is a live.”
“She is definitely alive.”
“The fire of the Earth,” said Raphael.
“The fire of the Earth,” echoed Sharid.
“We will find this woman, Sharid.”
“We will find this woman, Raphael.”


::107::
Well-dressed men in dark suits said nothing as they entered her mother’s house which for some strange reason had survived the flames. Harman-Karman, whom she had known for years, was somewhere in the house, too, cooking probably, he was good at that; her stubborn mother, who had never gotten herself killed, in there offering unwelcome advice. He took it so well though, humored her to keep her mollified, adding more salt than he knew was perfect, just to please her. She’d frown later, at the too salty dish, but knowing very well it was by her own sage suggesting it had turned so, she couldn’t very well complain now, could she?
Alwyn was at the top of the stairs when they came. She could hear her mother’s voice form the kitchen, and Harman-Karman’s muted reply. She could, however, not hear the well-dressed men. Not their footfalls, though they were approaching, not their voices, though they were speaking to each other, she could see their lips moving. It was like a slow-moving silent movie was superimposing itself upon a reality she knew—on an entirely different and very frightened plane—was dream.
As they began to climb the stairs for her, Alwyn could hear her mother laugh. Harman-Karman must have said something to her. He was so good at that, keeping her mother entertained, mollified and entertained. She didn’t laugh often. It was so good to hear.
Three well-dressed men. She had met them before, of course, but she could not for the life of her place them. Crucial, though, crucial that she did. She knew that.
Three statues from somewhere before, very recently, in fact.
Then names followed: James and Tom. The third, their leader, had no name.
Their mouths were still mutely moving and then the nameless one as mutely addressed her with words so important they could not possibly remain silent but soundless they stayed.
And closer still. James on the landing now, burning torch in hand, Tom following with a torch of his own; only the nameless one was torchless.
They were hear to set something of fire.
Or someone.
And then she started to burn.
Quick, she told herself from that higher plane, quick: wake up. Wake up before you perish. Wake up, or you will.
She did wake up.
Ice cold and numb. Harman-Karman asleep not two feet away.
Then she began to cry. Silently at first, so as not to wake him. Then with anguish, so as to wake him.
As he did, with a start, from sleep to wide-eyed, and right into seeing and understanding and holding her.
She said nothing, could say nothing.
He said nothing—the right thing to say.
Small convulsions of fear made her shiver and replenished her tears, as if something had been building that could only be let out through her eyes.
He drew breath then to say something.
She noticed and interrupted before anything had made its way across his lips, “Just, please,” she said. “Please, H-K, Just hold me.”
And so he did.
And in that embrace, through wet eyes and sobby nose her perfect man smelled like forest, like bark, like braches meeting high above her head to pattern the blue sky with light green and darker green and brown and black where leaves ended and fingery wood began. The wind rustled the leaves into song into lullaby into sleep and here there were no well-dressed men in dark suits approaching.
She slept well and deeply, for the first time this Season. Embraced by leafy forest, sung to by wind and strong arms; whenever she stirred and ever so lightly broke the surface she took one sleepy look around the perfectly safe universe on guard and surrounding and fell back into pleased relief and deeper still.
By first light she broke the surface again, this time to see Harman-Karman returning to what she actually now thought of as her room now with more bandage and a bottle of disinfectant.
“Nurse H-K at your service,” he said. “How are you feeling?”
“Much better,” she said. “Much.” Then asked, “Any more news?”
“Yes and no,” he said, placing the medical supplies on the nightstand. “The official line remains official: you perished in the fire. That’s the no part. The yes part is that it’s more official this morning than last night, by the different accounts. It seems like the LAPD has got its story straight.”
“So,” she began.
“So,” he answered. “It seems your friend Mr. Small has managed to make his story stick.”
 “I wonder how many favors he had to call in to accomplish that,” she thought or said aloud. “He really.”
“Yes,” said Harman-Karman, with an ever so slight edge to his voice—one that actually, again, pleased her. “He does care about you.”
“He does,” she confirmed. “He must.”
Still, shadows shifted and made far-below and unfriendly noises: “They would never think to look for me here, would they?” she said.
“The way it’s going, they would never think to look for you, period.”
“I hope so,” she said.
“I’m sure of it,” he said.
Then her perfect man removed the old bandage. It tore the crusted wound a little, letting two drops of blood escape, but that was all. In fact, it didn’t look bad at all, he said as he cleaned it. Didn’t feel too bad, either, she said. Hardly even ached.
Though, “Ouch,” the disinfectant did sting.
Then her perfect man re-bandaged it. Strong hands and fingers touching her so very closely to.
Still, she let him finish his nursing business before she seized his neck and pulled him back down upon her.
And off they went.
Then he stopped. Hours later. Though it might have been minutes. Stopped as if suddenly and emphatically disrupted.
The she heard it too.
Someone at the door. Testing it quietly, but not quietly enough. And if she could hear it: she remembered his Seasonal hearing.
He remained stock-still, raised on straight arms, still inside her, but diminishing fast. Like a hunting-dog catching a scent. All attention, all else by the wayside now. Threatened.
Then he slid out and off the bed and up toward the window.
Stopped, still again, listening as with his entire body (shining still from its only-a-few-seconds-ago exertions).
“Three,” he said so silently it could have been tree, or we, or see. But she knew, three, one for each finger he held up, and then put to his lips: whatever you do, stay soundless.
She did, in fact for many heartbeats she stopped breathing. Then she gasped, so loudly that he cast her a glance, though not an angry one, more of a concerned one.
He listened some more, then motioned for her to stay right there. And to stay very still. Very still. Then he silently moved out of the room, for a closer look.
She heard him move about softly out there, from door to window, to another window. To standing very still again.
Then he moved again, for his own bedroom, quickly dressing from what she could make out; then the ominous metallic whisper of releasing the safety on a weapon. On two weapons.
Arrak.
She sat up, looked around for her clothes. Her impulse, her thought—and she had no idea where it came from—I don’t want to die naked. Not like this.
She heard Harman-Karman move around the living room again, heard him lift the blinds to look out. Heard him gently return them into place.
Then he appeared at the door. Not Arrak, he mouthed. Not Arrak.
Then he disappeared again.
Then the explosions. Or what struck her fully-tuned ears as explosions, though they were only gunshots. One, two, or more. They confused her. The screaming of metal, raging.
Then, she heard running. Away. Many feet.
Harman-Karman returned.
“A team,” he said.
“Did you?” she said.
“No, I made sure to miss. They were just kids.”
“They’re gone.”
“They’re gone.”
They’re gone. The not Arrak is gone. Relief rose to replace panic, relief and in its tow, hunger.
“I am starving,” she said then. “Truly starving.”
“My thought exactly,” said the perfect man dressed in black and guns still in his hands.


::108::
Sharid brought bad news.
Raphael did not look up. He only repeated, as he had done several times already this day, as if it were a mantra, or a prayer: “Find her.”


::109::
The world came to a standstill.
Many things, like the distant cloud, single and high in the sky, spied through three slots of the guestroom blinds; like the air in the room, thick still with Season from the night before and far into the morning; like the sound the television makes as it powers up and clears its electrical throat in static gurglings; like the ripple in Harman-Karman’s arm as he put the remote control down—absentmindedly, for he too was caught square in the chest by the news—on the nightstand; many things froze and held perfectly still, clear as ice. The world might as well have ended.
For the news were terrible: She was alive.
It was Blackburn Small who again filled the screen. Yes, confirming, unsmiling, yes, they had made a mistake: fires had been mixed up and, no, no human remains had been found in the Moore fire. No, there had been no positive ID of someone other than Alwyn Moore from that fire; as he said, that was from a different fire. Too many fires, he said, too many victims, one tagged wrongly, mis-reported. It’s the Season after all.
Alwyn had no idea, could not imagine what pressures had been brought to bear on Blackburn Small to force him to retract the official report and admit his mistake; she told Harman-Karman as much.
“But this is not just a matter of mistaking one burn victim for another,” accused the smug NBC reported Alwyn could not stand. “Season or no Season, this concerns a prominent citizen, a colleague of ours. This smacks a little of public deception.”
“Does it?” said Blackburn Small, leaning over, towering over, the smiling, unflinching reporter. “Does it?”
“Of course it does. How could you possibly?”
“Of course it does?” said Blackburn Small. “How could you possibly know that? How could you possibly say that? That’s sheer conjecture. A mistake was made, that is all.”
“A mistake?”
“The Season,” he said again, and shrugged. “Things do get mis-tagged, confused, mis-reported.”
“Not by Blackburn Small,” Alwyn said, or thought. “Season or not, he doesn’t mis-tag, confuse, mis-report,” mimicking Small’s voice. “He tried to cover my back. Tried to help me. And now he’s paying the price. If anyone hates eating crow, it’s that man.”
Harman-Karman nodded that he understood.
“I owe him. Big time.”
“You do,” said Harman-Karman. “You do.”
The same story on other stations. Alwyn Moore was alive. Definitely, confirmed, yes, very, alive. Which, naturally, begged the question: where was she?
“Now they know,” she said. “Now, they’re absolutely sure.”
“But they have no idea.”
“But they know.”
“Yes,” he said. “Yes, they do.”
Then the world started up again, threateningly. Even Harman-Karman, her perfect man, her knight-in-black, screamed of danger. His stillness, his retrieving the remote from the nightstand and killing the television; there was nothing left in the world, not in that very moment, that for her did not speak of danger. 
Harman-Karman turned to her. Reached for her. She nearly shied away, nearly; in the last instant she regained a measure of rational control: he means you no harm, quite the opposite.
She let him hold her, enfold her. Let him tell her in less than words, in more than words, he would protect her, with his life if need be. She would be safe here. Safe here.
And safely enfolded, the Storm within gained new footing, found strong purchase and rose again, filled her and turned her all woman again; and turning her all woman, turned him all man, Arrak, for the moment, drowned in the rush of converging floodwaters.
They resurfaced mid-afternoon, Harman-Karman suddenly caught by sounds of feet approaching, reaching, circling his house.
Another team, she wondered. No, he said. Single hunter.
He got up, found his guns and waited by the window.
After a while the man left.
She told him he must smell dangerous to lone hunters, and he said perhaps there was something to that, and she turned all woman again.
Later in the afternoon, both soaking from their exertions, they again reached the surface. If not spent, then as close to spent as you ever get in Season.
She rested her head on his chest, and felt strangely removed. Arrak could not possibly exist in this world, not among all this contentment. She heard Harman-Karman’s heart, close to her ear: a strong, even rhythm, a fist opening and closing with such skill and tenacity. She began counting, each stroke a word, each word a beginning, each beginning a story, each beginning a first word in a first chapter in a first novel.
“I can’t seem to ever get my novel going,” she said—or more rightly, heard herself say.
Harman-Karman didn’t answer, just stroked her forehead—she really liked that touch, nobody had ever touched her that way before, her forehead belonged to him—and waited for more.
“You, Sir, have dabbled,” she said.
“Yes,” he said, “I have dabbled.”
“Seriously dabbled.”
“Seriously dabbled.”
“Anything I can read?”
“Wait here,” he said, and untangled himself.
He returned with a beautifully bound, large book. “It’s beautiful,” she said when he settled in, back against the wall, and placed it in his lap.
“Last year’s journal. I wrote this in October.”
Then he read, hesitantly at first, his voice quivering a little, but more comfortably once he found the story itself, the one beyond the words:

It’s first one step then another listening as I walk first left then right left ear right ear left ear hears the sound then right ear hears the sound bouncing back and forth and I’m walking walking one step then another.
Catching me with tendrils invisible the tiny molecules of odor fill the air and smell makes me wonder that I don’t see them how small they must be and I smell the fields and the dung they have just spread all over the field over there beyond the dike over there beyond the copse of juniper over there and still they catch me cow dung and horse dung but mainly cow dung that’s what I think and all these molecules how small they must be is it true that one molecule of Plutonium in a million of air molecules can kill you I don’t think so but they sure are small.
And smaller still the sounds everywhere the sounds I look and I look and I look but I still don’t see the sounds and they come in the shape of a bird a bee and the geese returning and the applause of millions of leaves from the grove to my right green shimmerings like a school of little green fish in the air resting for a while on the trunks and branches and then their susurrus grows again to applause sounds so so small I cannot see them.
And it’s one step and then another and I hear each foot as it reaches the dirt underfoot and crackle just so under my left foot and just so (though a little bit differently) under my right foot and again I cannot see the sounds but they do exist I am sure of that.
It’s blue blue overhead and green green all around and I don’t have a care I don’t think so with two feet to guide me and this wonderful springtime still a splattering of snow on the north side of the grove could it be no I was mistaken it’s not snow it’s something else and how could I have thought snow it’s May after all nearly June.
And I think of her hair as I walk with two feet of her long black hair as black and heavy as the night in my face and that smell that dark and forbidden smell of her hair nothing small about that smell but it was dark though the light turned down low and she laughed and said what are you doing burying yourself in my hair are you eating my hair and I said no not really but I would like to she said you’re crazy or said nothing at all I don’t remember and tousled mine and I drank hers fill after fill and she filled me with night and many many nights and thoughts of Baudelaire and Persia.
And the air molecules too are very small I feel them on my skin on my face on my eyelids in my hair against my thighs but most of all on my face the fresh space that touches and touches and touches everything and I move through the sky that reaches all the way to the ground when you come to think of it and it’s blue here too if you really look for example over at the hills over there that’s air molecules from what I hear that color things distantly blue and the forest on the side of that hill is dark with just a shade of blue if you really look and now I know that I see air and that’s why the sky is blue.
And here she comes again not in real life but in my thoughts and I think of her a lot she pushes air and smell aside and comes and puts her arms around me and kisses me right smack on my lips and I blush and get a small erection it should be the other way around that’s how it’s supposed to happen I say and she giggles and then she’s gone and we my erection and I are left with the memory of this memory and air and smell return and I laugh for life is just wonderful.
Taste is another small thing small things but taste is not really what you taste it’s really what you smell for taste buds can only tell sweet sour salt and bitter apart from what I hear and the rest of it all that good food and her delicious tongue which gives me another erection is really smell from the top of your mouth and not taste at all but it’s so warm and she moves it around when she kisses me and she reminds me of my cat very content.
I have begun to melt now it’s very strange and I didn’t notice it at first just noticed that my feet didn’t make their sounds any more when they struck the dirt no crackle at all and after a while of this little silence in this big sound all around me I looked down and I no longer had feet they had become the dirt on the road and little pieces of grass that has sprouted in the middle between the tracks from the tractors and cars that come this way sometimes but not often at least not the cars and they no longer made their sound.
My legs are still moving though and I’m moving forward but I’m shorter hey that’s for sure a lot shorter now and really I’ve melted all the way up to my knees and flowing into the road I had betted get out into the field if this melting is going to go on for I don’t want to become a road for the rest of my life no sir having cars and tractors drive all over me no I would much rather be a field so I head into the field getting shorter all the time and I’m moving forward still and under the electric wire fence it’s not really a strong current just enough to remind the cows and they need reminding too they’re quite dumb but nice who’s the boss and to keep them from running away or into the road and get run over and killed and I’m still melting didn’t even have to crouch one bit to get under the wire which I haven’t been able to do since I was a kid and just so tall.
And everything but my chest and neck and head has melted now but I’m still moving forward although I don’t know how that could be possible what with my legs gone and oh yes I also have some arm left on each side and I can move them too but my hands are gone.
And then it’s just my neck and head and everything looks strange from this angle but very green the grass coming up and fighting for air and sunlight and then my mouth is gone and I can taste the earth and then my nose is gone and I can smell the earth and then my ears are gone and I can hear the earth the grass the tiny roots and how they work and talk to each other saying quit pushing and a million million voices of the earth and then my eyes are gone and I see the earth only my hair left for the air to tousle and then the earth has my hair too and I grow and I feel the little dike more like a brook gurgling on my left shoulder and the applause on my right and the slow slow but really quite fast spinning and I move and move and move with all that’s upon me and there’s a larger circle and I race with all the life upon me and the seas and the mountains upon me around and around the brilliant light always upon some part of me and we all move in many directions and I am the mother and harbor of things that are and I think of her just briefly and wonder what she’ll think when she finds out I’ve melted into the earth.

He finished the reading and she too had melted into the earth. There was nothing to say, nothing she could say. Melted she knew that for her, and forever, there would only be this man, this knight-in-black, for her.
She reached up and found the back of his head and pulled his face towards her for the softest kiss she’d ever given or received.
Then, “Dabbled,” she said. “Could you be humbler?”
“You like it?”
“It is beautiful,” she said. “It shines with its own life.”
“Thank You,” he said, and closed the beautiful book.
“How come you have it in there,” she asked. “Should it not have a home of its own?”
“I like writing by hand,” he said. “And this is where all my thoughts go.”
“And sometimes the journal entry transmutes to story,” she said.
“Nice word,” he said.
“It’s the right one,” she said.
“I know,” he said. “And yes, sometimes the journal entry transmutes to story. I may have jotted down notes about it in earlier entries as it shaped itself, but then there’ll be the evening when it’s ready and simply sits there on my desk waiting for me to open my journal.”
“I see,” she said. “You’re lucky.”
“I don’t know. Perhaps,” he said.
“No, seriously.” She lifted herself up onto her elbow. “If that can spring fully fledged onto paper.”
“It’s not very long,” I said. “Though it had a long gestation period.”
“You’re lucky,” she said again.
“And you,” I asked. “Your stories?”
“I start my novel,” she said. “A lot.”
“And stories.”
“Yes, them too.”
“Start a lot?”
“Yes.”
“Finish a lot?”
“A few.”
“You wouldn’t happen to have?” He said.
And with those words the world, unbidden, returned, rushed in to reclaim itself. Along with her mother, the house, a life in ashes. No longer story, but life, smoldering and over.
No, she didn’t happen to have. She didn’t happen to have anything. What remained of her life—her Los Feliz apartment, what it contained—seemed out of balance, incomplete. It was as if with the loss of her mother’s house, and her mother, part of her had been amputated, a balance lost; her home, not her apartment, had always been with her mother, and now this was lost, that leg, that arm, that almost half of her, lost. And what remained, she realized with a quiver, closely watched by killers who meant her harm.
No, she didn’t have. Tears returned.
“I’m sorry,” he said.
He had the sense, this man of hers, to stay quiet and simply let her be, safe in arms that re-promised that as long as he lived, she would be safe, right here, with him.
A minute, and hour, finally she found herself again and turned to him:
“After,” she said. “After. When we’re safely through this, this, this. If we are to safely get through this. Then I would very much like it if you would read some of my dabbling.”
And with that invitation, meant for Harman-Karman but seized upon by the Storm, the waters rose again.
:
The coughing of the gun awoke her. In her dream it had been a bird making the sound, a songbird clearing her throat though never singing.
She battled for a moment with the incongruous, the cough of feathery throat, but dream would not add things up to a whole; instead she surfaced: and there was that sound again.
Harman-Karman was not beside her.
She rose, draped the sheet around her and stepped out into the living room. Harman-Karman turned around as he heard her enter, put a muzzle to his lips: quiet. Then turn all his attention to the slightly open window.
She strode up, quietly, behind him to peer out into the gray afternoon, just in time to see two men reach down and pull at the arms of a third. Then one of them looked up, and right at her.
Right at her.
And kept looking, as if eyes were lying and told to stop kidding and look again, and be truthful this time. Then he looked down again at his wounded, or dead, mate, and began pulling again.
Alwyn felt recognized—that strange sense that has no basis other than intuition—and quickly stepped back to out of sight. Stood still and unseeable but seeing still: another man, also on the ground and also still.
“Are they?” she whispered.
“Yes,” said Harman-Karman.
“You,” she said.
“Yes,” he said.
Later, exhausted from Storm, she said to him, “I think this one man might have seen me. Recognized me.”
“Perhaps.”
Later still, she’s waiting for him to return. He is writing his journal, being true to his self-made promise. But she no longer feels safe with him gone, and she wishes he were there, beside her, touchable.
:
He heard them for sure, and she thought she heard them.
Twice.
They both lay still, Harman-Karman not leaping up and reaching for his lethal weapons. They’re only thinking about it, he whispered.
Later: Do you think? she said. Think what?
Do you think they know I’m here?
I don’t know. I hope not. I hope they think I’m a good shot.
Then they listened the second team approached, thought about it and withdrew. Then, though they did listen for them when they surfaced, and sometimes even from within the Storm—at least Harman-Karman did, there were no other teams that day.
Harman-Karman tended to her wound in the evening. It was almost healed. Alwyn said she could hardly feel it now.
Amazing, is what Harman-Karman said. I’ve never seen anyone heal this quickly.
“I’m special,” said Alwyn.
:
The Season must be bottomless, sideless, topless, borderless, infinite in its resource and strength. Otherwise, how could it be that she could find herself exhausted, truly spent, one moment and then, with one lick of his salty shoulder recharge, hungry for all that he was.
There were moments in the day when she wondered, worried, stopped (or tried to stop) to listen, but she heard nothing. Had there been anyone Harman-Karman would have heard them, of course. His hearing.
So went the day, alternating between wonder at the robustness (where on earth did that word come from?) of the Storm and a budding relief at not being staked out by further teams. Left alone.
Harman-Karman seemed happy about that too, though they didn’t talk about it much. They didn’t talk much, period.
They mostly Stormed.
:
They took lunch in the kitchen. This time Alwyn cooked. Had to insist to. Eggs. She was good at eggs. Harman-Karman agreed.
“Anything at all today?” she wondered between bites.
“Nothing,” said Harman-Karman.
“Perhaps we can relax,” she said. “Perhaps I wasn’t spotted after all.”
“Perhaps,” he said.
“Perhaps your marksmanship is making the rounds.”
“Perhaps,” he said. And smiled. Not beyond pride.
“I was just worried that if I was recognized that somehow Arrak would.”
“I know,” he answered. “That was my main concern, too.”
“And nothing?”
“Nothing,” confirmed Harman-Karman.
She ate in silence, and for the first time looked beyond the day, beyond the month, beyond the Season. And she saw herself with her knight-in-black by her Los Feliz stove, surprising her sometime in August with an amazing meal.
“Perhaps the Season will roll on and we will look back upon it and smile at the excitement,” she said.
He looked up at that. Long and hard and happily.


::110::
Sharid brought the good news.
Raphael listened, then simply nodded.
“Do we?” began Sharid.
“No,” said Raphael. “Just observe, for now. From a distance. A safe distance. He may be a listener. And he knows how to handle weapons. That much we do know.”


::111::
Alwyn was happy. For the first time since, God, she could not remember when, she was happy, truly happy. Certainly well before the Season and her mother.
It was evening again, and another day had passed without as much as a whisper outside. A little too quiet, he’d said, but that was meant as a joke, and he said as much after she’d cast him a worried glance; well, not really worried, more like curious, did he mean, what precisely did he mean?
He was gone for quite a while writing his journal. Although she could not hear it she imagined she could: his pen racing across paper as words chased each other to ends of sentences, then took up the chase again.
She was still awake when he returned, journal in hand.
She smiled at him, then looked at the journal. Why have you?
Let me read you something, he said.
:
What is it about trees, she wondered.
His story from the night before lingered. Lingered with resonance, with sap and odor and wind in the branches and well-intended trunks. Well-intended trunks, the very words. What is it about trees? And slender things that fill vacuums too large to even be measured. She wondered from what place in her knight-in-black had that story sprung, as if born fully grown, just stepping into the world.
That’s how he described it when he asked, fully grown, stepping into the world. He had watched himself writing it.
It was still alive in her, the migrations, the returns, the ice and heat, the roots that kept the Earth from disintegrating.
What was it with trees?
A little too quiet, said Harman-Karman again sometime in the early afternoon.
“Quiet is a good thing,” said Alwyn. For surely.
“Quiet is a good thing,” said Harman-Karman.
And then she thought nothing more about it, although she had the shadow of a feeling that he did. Every now and then. Up-for-air every now and then. Listening. Turning that very still that made it look he was listening with every fiber, every cell. Permeating the air for miles with ear.
Anything? she’d ask. No, he’d whisper. Nothing.
“I really like what you wrote,” she said.
“I really like what I wrote,” he said, and sounded a little surprised as he said it.
“What is it about trees?” she wondered then.
“I don’t know,” he answered. “But something, that’s for sure.”
She agreed.
Later, when he left to write his journal she drifted back into the story, his tree story and the daughter of tree; no, not really daughter, dancer, the dancer of tree, filling Untroubled’s vacuum: such a wonderful image. She let it grow inside her, let it take near physical shape, and as she did she felt herself rustle in the wind, then a little more than rustle, footstep.
Outside at first, then inside, too, as suddenly Harman-Karman was at the door. Standing his stillest. Looking at her: could she hear it too?
Yes, she could. There it was again, yes, she could hear it clearly now. Feet. More than two. More like ten. More than that. Fanning out around the house. As silently as they could.
Harman-Karman vanished.
Came back in black. In seconds it seemed. Guns at the ready.
He looked very concerned. She would almost say afraid.
Which is what she would almost say she was too, or certainly should have been. But at that very moment fear was not part of it, just a tremendous alertness, so bright she felt she could hear the Earth spin.


::112::
It was late fall, almost winter, and her
Harman-Karman’s pen stopped short, as if it had been the pen and not the writer who heard the sound. Faint, distant, familiar. A dangerous sound. The sound of two large cars parking far down a street over, and as silently as they could, rolling to a stop, engines killed. Doors opening on well-oiled hinges and many feet exiting. He counted five pairs, no six, no seven, no eight. Now walking. He counted again, focusing like he’s never focused before on hearing precisely and at this distance: eight pairs of rubber-soled feet, as silently as they could, as if they knew, each and ever foot, that it could be heard, and heard by him.
No words were said, although he could almost hear the hand-signals. And the constant injunction: silence.
He put his pen down. Automatically, without ever ceasing his focus, he put it and his journal away where they belonged, out of harms way.
Then stood up, walked over to Alwyn’s room. Looked at her: could she hear? She nodded, yes, she could.
He turned: to his own room, donned the hunting suit and gear: to Alwyn’s room. Dimmed the light to better than dusk. Put a finger to his lips, and with the other hand motioning: stay here, stay precisely here, as still as you can.
She nodded, she would do exactly that. Stay precisely there, and as still as she could.
He did not know—and later was never certain—whether in that brief exchange there was a goodbye, whether there were two I love yous, one for him, one for her, but somehow, at times, he’s sure of it. Must have been.
He tried to smile, but could not. His lips were too rigid with the very real thing that now crept through him, from feet, through stomach and chest, to neck, to head, pushing all else aside into single survival-focus: fear.
She tried to smile, and actually did. Not so much a good luck as a do what you have to do, whatever that was, she knew it had to be done, for this was life and this what death and then the approaching of many silent feet and the softly pressing down—slowly and carefully—of the front door handle caught his ear, and he moved.
All the things that he could have done to his house to protect them, all these thing never done, crowded him. All the things he wished for in that instant. But there was nothing for that, for now he heard glass breaking in the kitchen, and glass breaking in his bedroom, and something very heavy hit the front door as suddenly his house was full of uninvited guests.
He fired many times, aiming for heads, eyes, mouths, assuming they would probably wear Kevlar vests for protection, making sure he was indeed inflicting damage.
It was over in seconds. He knew for a fact that he had hit three of them, he had caught three not so much screams as deflations. He had hit two others, but must have hit armor for they never fell. Then he fell.
Curious thing: as he fell he was wondering why, why his legs suddenly gave out and collapsed, like a mainsail when you let go of the sheet, crashing to the boom in a hurry, folding over itself in no particular order, just falling, falling, gravity having a field day.
Obviously, he was hit, but he could not tell where. Or wheres. Something, some little accountant running up and down his spine kept saying two, two, two, hit twice, once here and once here. Badly.
Perhaps his head, he thought, most likely, but how come then he could think. Not his chest or back, his own Kevlar would have seen to that, yet, the distressed little accountant seemed to think the back, the spine, though that were not possible for the vest, unless, above, or below, or both.
Then he heard the first of his guns hit the carpet, and then his second: he had let go of them both, lost grips, lost the ability to grip, lost his hands, his arms; then he heard himself begin to land, still wondering, still wondering, how and where had he been hit?
Still wondering as his head hit the corner of his living room table, opening a hole to let blackness in, and as it rushed toward this newfound breach to fill and engulf, he tried to look in Alwyn’s direction, then tried to do the math but succeeded in neither, couldn’t see her from where lay, and couldn’t say how many of them were still standing, still standing here to do her harm.
Into darkness.


::113::
Then he was gone.
She wondered, she did wonder, if that was the last she would ever see of him, her knight-in-black. Her good-shot, ever-resourceful knight-in-black off to save her again.
Then she turned all fear. The sort of fear that takes over so completely there is no room for you left. Her body hummed with it, this silent scream that only she could hear. She looked down at it in part terror part surprise, tried to re-enter, but the scream was too loud, the fear too sharp, to let her back in.
Bullets occurred.
Something was happening to time. Unsure whether she had speeded up to ultra-aware, or it had slowed to excruciating crawl, she counted, actually counted shots, for they each arrived as it’s own event. One, two, three, four, five, and more of these from the same direction, his. Six, seven, eight, nine, and he stopped firing, stopped firing so emphatically that she was sure of it: he would not fire again.
The scream that would not let her back in silenced just enough to, and now she saw the room again out of her own eyes, trained on the door, knowing exactly whom to expect next.
It was up to her now, if she were to have even the remotest chance of staying alive, she would have to perform like never, never, never.
Two, three, four. Dressed as darkly as Harman-Karman had, but none of them was him. Not a single one.
Words.
Either she had lost the capacity for English, or this was a different language. Probably the latter, is what she thought, is precisely what she thought. Probably the latter.
She tried to make out their faces, tried to recognize, tried to find a portal through which to plead her case, through which to tell why, after all, they should let her live. Why this would be to everyone’s—and especially their—advantage. But there was no portal. Not even a crevice. Not purchase for communication.
They fell upon her as if they were a single, eight-legged, eight-armed black animal, and with an efficiency that on some strangely detached level impressed her.
It took them less than sixty seconds to gag her, then wrap her in her sheet, then tie her kneeling by the foot of the bed, immobilized, utterly unready for whatever would come next.
Which, when only seconds later, it came, she should have anticipated. That was her thought. She should have known.
The light was bright, and very familiar. The source of heat found on every set in her studio. The glare of illumination that says on-air.
It blinded her at first. Then she could make out the legs of the holder—the stance is almost universal—then the hefting and settling of weight on shoulder, then the camera itself. They were nothing if not professional, these people.
The silent scream returned full pitch with the smell of gasoline. But this time her head would not let go. She watched, from within, the lifting—time slowing again, or she quickening—of the open can and the escape of green, brown, amber, unfriendly liquid from the nozzle, it’s fall, as if glass, through the air, and then onto her face, her hair, her shoulders, stinging her eyes, drenching the sheet, her arms, her legs, and through all this she noticed the little blinking camera light, they were getting all this, thumbs up.
She never saw the flame that lit.
For a very small instance the temperature was just right. Not too hot, just hot enough to offset the chill of terror. That instant lasted not even a heart beat, not even one of her now racing heart beats, her heart suddenly in on the news and instantly desperate to escape, thrashing around like someone bound and doused with gasoline and now on fire, trying to relieve itself of flesh and chest and skin; for not even one of those rapid-fire heart beats did that just right temperature last, for in that one racing beat the flame soared to inferno, a loud thing now to her ears that she tried to but could not escape for she was it.
The silent scream reached another pitch and was no longer fear, no longer terror, it had expanded and deepened into sheer and utter and everywhere possible pain.
Of course, there is nothing to prepare you for this, how could there be? A burn, a brief flare on a finger, still pain enough to draw tears if well-enough burned. That’s a finger, and most likely only skin-deep.
These flames, singing in unison their victory song, found every surface, every crevice, every nerve of Alwyn Moore, and perhaps to her credit she bore it for far too many of her racing beats of heart. The pain, in rage, screamed like flocks and flocks of small Reeses monkeys, each a flame, each a monkey, each an enraged scream, and each at her: get out get out get out get out.
But all doors were welded shut. Melted shut. Pained shut.
The scream of a thousand monkeys intensified and then, finally, she escaped, sprung by a need greater than her prison, blinded by death, stunned by the violence of it. And there, on the floor beneath, still aflame, still a-pyre, though darkening now into crust and charcoal, heart still racing, unable to follow, still trapped beneath ribs, not far from actually exploding. The prison burning, its face frozen in teeth bared in lipless mouth, flakes of blackened skin falling and evaporating in flames still greedy for more.
And still that little red camera light blinking blinking blinking.


::114::
The elm screamed with the pain of it.
“Get out of there,” Harry’s Pine not so much yelled as utterly demanded.
“Get out of there,” echoed the Juniper when she realized what the Elm, the stupid, stupid, Elm had tried to do.
The Elm let got, got out, though still he screamed.
Harry’s Pine embraced him, making sure he had truly left, then returned to his task of rousing Harry.


::115::
Harry swam drowned swam.
Had he been able to gain any distance, and had he been able to see the flood that was Harry Oats in fine fine detail, he would have seen hordes and hordes of charged spear-carrying little microbes blood-like thorn-like and grinning in battalions and battalions of attack upon his heart, his lungs, his loins, his brain, his eyes, his ears and it was all a rushing drowning everything else out in yet another sprint for climax.
And there, finally, just the barest of distances. The finest of cracks.
He was in his room. Darkened now. The muted television tuned to one of the many twenty-four by seven (as they liked to call them) pornographic channels. Just to set the mood he had told himself in lame justification for, really, what need was there? Still, there was a need, inexplicably a need to see, externally, as imagined and embodied by others, the very acts he needed to, wanted to, thirsted to, perform himself. To extend his aloneness into true copulation, even though vicarious. Logically—and he had visited this field of madness more than once, off-Season—it made no sense to him. There was no need whatever, yet there was a need. As sheer a contradiction as there was.
And now, contradicting away, legs, arms, genitals, breasts, lips, tongues, teeth, sweat, moans, screams, knees, and feet in an ever shifting mound of motion: this was Storm depicted. Not a pretty site, but still, but still, reaching in through eyes and ears with clawed and spidery fingers and finding and plucking those strings that sprung him alive again was the invitation to join, to rise again, to rush again, to reach again.
And Harry was off again, letting go, the faint cracks of down-the-street gunshots notwithstanding.
:
Then some more.
Faint disturbances upon the canvas of abandon. These were not, were they? Near? And again, crack, crack. December festival crackers, but this was not December, as far from December (mythologically speaking, is exactly what Harry, for reasons beyond fathom, thought to himself—Storm and Birth being far opposites, somehow, cause and effect) as you could measure. Crack.
Crack. Crack.
These were gunshots.
He glanced over at the window, curtains drawn. Or perhaps, he thought, glancing over at his television set, someone had smuggled some sort of plot into the on-screen action. No, no plot, just convulsion.
And again: crack.
Suddenly: Harry was all tree.
:
He sat up, member in hand. Then let go. In a strange, oh, man, this was strange, barky feeling Harry found himself transported, found himself in Harman-Karman’s house lodged on the floor of his friend’s living room with a deafening pain in his back. He could see nothing, but he heard, and what he heard were flames and an Elm screaming.
Then a human scream, a man, woman, child, thing screaming louder and deeper and with more pain than he had ever heard anyone scream and then Harry, back in his room now, stood up, rushed to the window and saw the angry glare of fire, just a hint of it, but angry nonetheless, down by Harman-Karman’s house. Something was terribly, terribly wrong.
And now, as if looking helped him hear, that terrible scream, not human, not tree, muffled death escaping.
He quickly dressed himself. Thought briefly of dialing 911, then did, and to his surprised got an answer right away. Fire, he said, gave the address, and hung up. For whatever good that might do.
Quick glance at his clock, nearly midnight.
Vixer, all awake, all alert, by the front door. Waiting to be let out. Harry did not notice, simply flung the door open and charged down the street to save his friend.
Figures, black and many. In a hurry. Still leaving Harman-Karman’s house. Carrying, one of them, what—incongruously, to Harry’s mind—looked like a large video camera. Others were grappling, battling with more inert others. This did not add up to anything Harry had any reference for, these were simply a collection of improbables actually occurring. The small crowd of dark figures made it down the sidewalk toward the end of the street, where the ones ahead were already turning left, and then, as if these all these improbables had absolutely nothing to do with why Harry was here, outside, at midnight, looking at Harman-Karman’s open front door, he put them out of his mind and rushed into the house, already filling with thick smoke.
He found Harman-Karman precisely where Harry himself, only seconds ago, had found himself lie, not moving, not seeing.
“Harman-Karman,” he said. He bent down. “Harman-Karman, can you hear me?”
“Win,” or what sounded like it, escaped Harman-Karman’s lips.
“What?”
“Win.”
“You’re hurt,” said Harry. “I’ve called 911.”
“Lwin,” said Harman-Karman. “Lwin.”
Flames were now peeking round the corner from Harman-Karman’s guest room, greedy red and yellow reaching for the hallway ceiling, climbing the wall and bringing a fresh mist of acrid smoke, fouler than any smoke Harry had ever smelled. Foul enough to make him gag.
“Lwin,” said Harman-Karman, though it was only a whisper and Harry didn’t hear for he was curious to see what on earth could smell that badly.
Shielding his eyes and covering his nose he approached the guest room, thought briefly of getting some water and perhaps douse the flames himself but immediately thought better of it. Hugging the wall opposite the door he manage a quick glance inside, room now aflame beyond anything Harry could kill on his own.
And at the foot of the bed. It didn’t make any sense. Smoke rising, that awful, acrid, flesh-like smoke rising from what suddenly in Harry’s mind stood out as absolutely clarity: Lwin.
He gagged, perhaps he vomited, he doesn’t remember, and stumbled back into the living room, flames—as if they had spotted him, and now set out to kill—pursuing.
Harry reached down and grabbed Harman-Karman’s hands, then pulled. Pulled his way-too-heavy-for-him-to-lift friend out of the living room and onto the porch, and, somehow, as gently as possible, down the steps, and onto the lawn, leaving a small trail of blood that Harry took no notice of.
Safely on the lawn, Harry kneeled down by his friend. Who, not moving and not looking up at Harry, said:
“Lwin.” Three, four, five times.
Then Harry realized that the sirens he heard in the distance were in fact sirens and were in fact heading this way.


::116::
“You foolish foolish tree,” said Harry’s Pine to the Elm, who, still shaking—if tress indeed can shake—could not believe what he had done, for one, and what he had felt, for another.
“Fire,” he said, finally, into the reprimanding—though very concerned— silence of trees.
“Yes,” said Harry’s Pine. “Fire.”
“What were you doing?” said the Juniper, not entirely unfriendly about it.
“I tried to help.”
“There’s no shielding them from fire,” said the Canary Island Pine.
“He’s right,” said Harry’s Pine. “There is no shielding them from fire.”
“I thought,” said the Elm.
“We know what you thought,” said the Juniper. “And it was stupid, stupid.”
“But it was considerate,” added Harry’s Pine.
“And that, too,” added the Juniper.
Which is when Harry managed to deposit his friend on the lawn, reasonably safe from the fire inside. 
:
Trees have few enemies. And though any tree could tell you that fire isn’t really sentient—for how could something unvolitional harbor evil intent, or any intent at all, for that matter—the same tree will in the same breath tell you that fire is their greatest enemy, and very evil indeed.
That, to the thinking of many a tree, to many a forest of trees, was the true price paid that very long time ago at the pre-dawn of time by their ur-fathers, when they made their choices: immobility in the face of fire.
Nothing, there was nothing they could do. There was no way to shield or save yourself. Fire coming your way meant—but for miraculous wind-shifts, startling rains, or clever firefighters—certain death. Certain, if not so much painful as suffocating, death; for trees don’t feel that near ultimate agony that roamers feel when burned alive, the fire-death of trees is one of suffocation. A slow and building suffocation that—ask any tree who has survived a burning; and yes there are some who, charred but not extinguished, have managed to sprout again, new leaves, brilliantly green against the black of fingery branches—can be just as, if not more, painful to a tree as the searing heat of fire to a roamer; and it last so much longer, so much longer, for the hearts of trees beat very slowly. Flames will kill the fox in minutes, the tree may live for days, for weeks sometimes, in slow suffocation: an eternity—for every moment without air, without even the promise of air, can in itself last an eternity—an eternity of out of air with no means of inhaling. Alive, but not, slowly slowly extinguishing, a month-long gasp for breath, unrewarded. Not pain pain, but agony nonetheless, deeper, more thorough, than pain.
That was the price, the real price, paid so very long ago.
“Will it?” wondered the Juniper.
“Will it what?” said the Elm.
“Will it reach us? The fire?”
“No,” said Harry’s Pine. “I don’t think so.”
“There are people coming,” said the Canary Island Pine.
“And they will put it out?” said the Elm.
“Yes, they are here to extinguish the fire,” said the Canary Island Pine.
“He is very hurt,” said the Elm.
“He is,” confirmed Harry’s Pine.
“It’s in his back, something in his back. He cannot move,” said the Elm.
“How do you know?” said the Juniper.
“I know, I can feel it.”
“Who said you could enter?” she wanted to know.
To which no one replied, and for so long that she realized that she had said something exceedingly dumb. “Sorry,” she finally mumbled.
Then the fire engines pulled up, two of them, as well as an ambulance, and things got very busy around the Elm and Juniper who both—feeling the heat emanate from the burning house, as if the fire was looking for them, for something more alive to consume—were very grateful for all the water they cascaded upon Harman-Karman’s house.
“They’re taking him away,” observed the Elm.
“We can see that,” said the Juniper.
“Do you think he’s going to be all right?” wanted the Elm to know.
“I don’t think so,” said Harry’ Pine, who followed Harry—in the ambulance with his friend, holding his hand, unable to think of anything to say in response to Harman-Karman’s occasional anguished Lwin whisper—as far as he could.
Then the ambulance with Harman-Karman and Harry moved beyond his reach, on its way to the hospital and some very bad news.


::117::
Even raphael had a hard time watching the footage.
He glanced over at Sharid, who had also averted his eyes from the screen and met Raphael’s. Sharid nodded, not necessarily in agreement with the filmed pyre of Alwyn Moore, but in silent acknowledgement that they had in fact accomplished what they had set out to, what they had to, accomplish.
Raphael nodded too: yes, it was so, then looked back at the screen.
This was no thirty second burst of jiggly camera-phone footage, more and more prevalent in recent years as the video-empowered citizen seems, to a man, to turn reporter; no, this was a professional, broadcasting quality record of an execution, of a warning, and all in exquisite, well-lit detail. The cameraman was nothing if not a professional, and was to be congratulated.
“How much longer?” he asked.
“Eight more minutes,” a voice behind him.
“I’ve seen enough. Make copies for the local stations.”
“Will do,” the same voice. The video man. 
:
The monitor was once again dark. Sharid remained in Raphael’s office, as did Anush, who had headed up the mission. The rest had evacuated to take care of duplication and distribution of the burning.
“We lost three men,” said Anush to no one in particular, more for the record; though also in part regret, part accusation. He had not agreed to the attack, not in that manner; he had suggested setting the house itself on fire, then prevent their escape. Good enough footage. No, Raphael had answered, good enough is not good enough; he wanted her execution recorded close-up, in detail, the strongest possible message.
The man is very good with weapons, Anush had countered. We will lose men.
We will lose men, Raphael replied, if you are careless.
“Three men,” said Raphael. “Did you leave them?”
“No,” said Anush. He would never leave a brother, injured or dead. He had died for the Earth; to leave him to flames was to dishonor him and his contribution.
“Good,” said Raphael.
“And the man. This Harman-Karman Selby?” asked Sharid. “Is he dead?”
“Not for certain,” said Anush. “We hit him in his back, at least once. He did go down, and then did not move. But we know a neighbor entered the house shortly after we left, pulled him out.”
“Alive?” said Raphael.
“I don’t know,” said Anush.
“Be that as it may,” said Raphael. “We have no quarrel with that man. He did his duty to the woman. He’s to be left alone.”
“Agreed,” said Anush. Sharid nodded too: taken note of.
Raphael brought out the silver box from his desk. He inhaled two fine pinches of the brown powder, one for each nostril, then handed the box to Sharid, who after two quick snorts passed it to Anush.
Thus armored the three men turned to what must be done next.
:
Raphael was alone again. Just him and the Earth.
Get some sleep, Sharid had suggested. He was a good man; his second in command was a good man. One day to inherit the Arrak leadership, that was clear, and a good choice at that. No one better to know all, to truly know the Earth and His mission.
He took out his silver box again, for another—this time more generous—helping of the brown Juniper bark powder. He always needed a good shield to survive contact.
For to be in his presence was to be in the precense of Storm.


::118::
Only the Fox network was crass enough to show the footage.
But they were crass enough nationwide, and over and over.
All that a subsequent, off-Season, FCC inquiry would get from their lawyers as a network explanation for this outrage was the old scapegoat: the public’s right to know, along with a generous helping of First Amendment and a reference or two to ratings (which eventually plummeted, especially in Los Angeles which for once managed to muster up some communal disgust at such blatant sensationalism).
But one cooperating network was all Arrak needed: the message was loud and clear, and it came across just fine, appealing as it did to the disgraceful nature of the darker corners of the human soul. Came across loud and clear: Opposition will not be tolerated; traitors will be punished: thus.
As a result of these many, many showings of the execution of Alwyn Moore, Arrak found a permanent home on many lips; it was breathed, whispered, marveled at, as well as now truly feared between Stormy helpings; in some minds Arrak even managed to blur the borders between Storm and itself, speaking as Arrak did to the very purpose of the mayhem, Man’s right. Man’s very right, and what happens to those who oppose it, who oppose the will of the Earth.
Arrak, emissary and protector of the Storm.
Arrak.


::119::
Harry was not allowed to accompany Harman-Karman into the churning innards of Saint Mary’s hospital, no matter how he pleaded. He was not family, not even vaguely related. There are such things as rules, he was informed, sternly, then even more sternly by someone armed.
So he waited.
Checked with the receptionist, once, twice, three times, checked with the new receptionist—the one who wouldn’t even look in his direction as she left at first light had never been able to answer his question: how is he doing?
The new receptionist, an older woman of indeterminable descent, possibly Eastern Europe was Harry’s guess, was a little more helpful. At least she called up onto the ward, once, twice, three times.
And then the doctor arrived. Family? No, just a friend.
Does he have family? No, not to Harry’s knowledge.
Well, bad news, he’s afraid. They had managed to dislodge the bullets—the unlucky man had been hit twice—and some fragments, both from the neck and the bottom of the spine, but the damage was too severe.
No, no, he’s alive, that’s not the problem. He will live. That’s the good news.
The bad news is he cannot move. At all. And for the doctor’s money, his guess, to be blunt, he never will.


::120::
Were you to build a perfect prison, how would you go about it?
Wendell Reese once wrote this short story:

Her hair is long, straight, shiny, well combed, and parted with such precision that it leaves a straight line of lambent scalp running exactly north to south: a long moonlight scar. It is also very black. So black, in fact, that I find myself looking for lighter roots in the dim light of the bar. They must be there, surely. But I can find none.
She has long, pale, ringless fingers and kind eyes, curious and kind under bluish lids, that now and then glance up at me from the other side of the narrow table. She gives the impression of being very clean, almost sterilized. At the least very well scrubbed.
These long, pale, ringless fingers pick up her beer and bring it close to her face. She squints to read the fine print on the label and as she does her brow wrinkles into small twin crosses.
God, she is beautiful.
Crossless again she returns the bottle. She gives no indication whether she made out any of the tiny print.
I am just about to ask whether her hair really is that black, naturally, or whether she dyes it, when she asks me first.
“What do you think about sex?” is what she asks.
Now, I come prepared for this question.
I reach for and find my wallet and pull out of it a much folded, yellowing, eight and a half by eleven sheet of paper. She follows my doings with her kind, curious, now widening eyes.
With the sheet in hand, all unfolded now, I say, “Let me read you a prepared statement.”
At this she looks up at me, eyes all the way wide now, and clears her throat with a small noise that could have escaped a bird. She looks away, then down at her hands, then back at her beer. Her left hand slowly finds the bottle, still half full, lifts it, but returns it to the coaster before making even half the distance to her lips. I get another quick, wide eyed glance before she looks around as if to see if anybody else has heard my strange announcement. No, I don’t think there is any as if to about it: she is looking for corroboration, just to make sure she heard me right. But no comfort there it seems, no one else has heard. All absorbed in their single, or shared, worlds. Going to have to trust her ears.
I wait for her to look my way again before I continue. Eventually she does. A little uncertain, now. Not quite afraid. But I’m obviously a little insane, harmless we hope.
“A prepared statement?”
“Yes.”
A flicker of a smile tells me: okay, sure, be my guest.
“Firstly,” I say, reading from typed text that has faded and is almost impossible to make out in the half light, but I know it pretty much by heart and what little I can make out serves as prompts for the rest and I proceed with practiced confidence, “please understand that I believe in the spirit. And I believe, naturally, that the spirit is sexless. Understand also that I believe that we are spirits, you and I—not that we have them, that we are them—and that as spirits we relate to our bodies as our bodies relate to, say, our cars: we drive them, we feed them, we maintain them, we copulate them.
“Secondly,” I look up, yes I have her attention, she is listening, her eyes, unblinking and very still now, holding my unfolded declaration, “I believe that we are imprisoned. This is evidenced by the simple fact that we can’t get out. It’s as if someone has welded the car doors shut.”
She shifts in her chair, slowly brushes back a colony of strands, a small waterfall of hair, looks at me, but says nothing. I retain her attention and I continue, “Having said this, let me ask you: if you were building a prison, what would be the best possible prison you could build? No, don’t answer, it’s a rhetorical question. I’ll answer it. The best possible prison you could build is one which the prisoners would not want to leave. They would so enjoy their confinement that only the very, very few would not find comfort within and would indeed seek a way out. Of these very, very few , fewer still eventually find a door, or a trace of one, and from this search and these discoveries grow our various religions.”
Her left hand moves a little, as if looking for its mate, then finds it. They join in prayer. A curious gesture, and she looks down at them, surprised I think. Then back at me, at my paper, at my mouth, at my eyes.
“But soon enough,” I continue, “these religions forget the true search and instead turn into good solid business or into comfortable and guiltless living and in the end choose to forget, all over, that this is indeed a detention facility; and as soon as any soul crazy enough to insist that indeed there are doors and truths has been safely incarcerated and drugged or ECT’ed into safe oblivion, that, as they say, would be that. You’d have perfection.”
I pause for effect. Her eyes on mine. A sculpture in bluish light. Hands by Michelangelo. Pale and still clutched in prayer. “Thirdly,” I say to the listening girl, “I believe that sex is the bricks and the locks and the chains. I believe that sex is what makes our prison so wonderful.”
Her eyes follow my fingers as they refold the paper. Only after I have replaced it in my wallet, and restored it to my pocket, does she unlock her hands and reach for her beer. This time she drinks. Emptied, she puts the bottle back, looks at it, doesn’t look up, doesn’t smile, and says:
“Wow.”

This, of course, is just a story, one man’s view.


::121::
Raphael sank deeper into utterly untrancelike trance.
A trance more like inverted ascension than trance. Like a floating down and in as to direction and up and out as to emotion. In response to the calling.
The Earth calling.
The Jailor calling.
The Host calling.
The surface, the terrible chest of the planet inhaling the spirit sometimes known as Raphael. Sifting him, a resistance-less nothing possessed of both will and perception, through crust and mantle, through outer core and into the very seat of watchfulness.


::122::
First there was no earth.
First there was only the seeing, the looking out into nothing at all which created the Universe. The eye that cast dimensions first this way and then that, and for so far that once you got to the end of the universe you’d see as far again.
First there was only the once bored seeing no longer bored that looked and looked and pleased now that there was space to see things in began seeing things in it to see.
Many many things to see.
And other seers saw other things to see.
And other seers saw yet other things to see.
And so there were suns and dust and rock and planets, galaxies of stars to gladden the heart of seer, dark holes to amuse the pranksters, and distances to challenge the traveler.
And in a remote corner of this now hustle and bustle of seeing, another star was forming with a planetary glint in its eye. 
:
The universe was already old—by some accounts—when, about five or so billion years ago, in a remote corner of a perfectly ordinary galaxy, a large star exploded. Into supernova. Somebody’s joke, surely. Setting things off like that. Viewed from distance the outer sphere of this explosion barely moved, the size of the star growing hardly at all; yet seen from within, or from closer up, all this heavy-element wreckage of energy and vaporized matter rushed away from the center of force at a speed near that of light. Massive massive amounts of it.
Escaping.
In one direction escaping right into a nearby cloud of hydrogen gas and interstellar dust more than likely left there by careless players—some people just never clean up after themselves—and now mixing things up in a stellar way.
The mixing and colliding and colliding and mixing of gases, energies and matter grew hot, hot, hotter and then began to both dance and compress under its own gravity, and at its center, at the core of this gravitational orgy—toward which all arrows now pointed—a new star, clutching everything to its greedy chest, began to form.
Around this embryonic star now formed not a sphere, the dance was still spinning too fast for that, but a swirl, a disk which then—give or take a few million years—grew white-hot from the great compressive force of its mutual attraction, and from the furious swirl of the dance.
Huffing and puffing and beating its chest the new star clutched more and more of the nearby whiteness to it, and so grew larger and larger and larger and eventually grew so large it ceased feeding and instead, from the nearly incalculable gravity of its core simply ignited its nearly eternal nuclear fire to become, and still remain: the Sun.
The dance surrounding slowed, the disk still glowing, then less so, and then even less so, and then even lesser so, then slowed and cooled and cooled and slowed some more.
Another few million years, give or take.
During these few ticks of the Universal clock the various components of the disk began to coalesce and then freeze into the smallest of smallest of dust-size grains. Into iron metal and silicon compounds, into magnesium and aluminum and oxygen, all tinier than tiny.
Another tick of the Universal clock saw these tiny grains—as always drawn to each other by that ubiquitous gravity we sometimes confuse with love, always eager to congregate, to coalesce—settle together first into little clumps, then the little clumps into bigger clumps, then the bigger clumps into chunks, the chunks into bigger chunks, then rocks, then bigger rocks, then boulders and finally into bodies large enough to exert their own gravity—boulders so large (some eventually grew as large as 500 kilometers across) that some of use have since named them: planetesimals.
Another tick of the Universal clock: Planetesimals grew by collision with clumps, bigger clumps, chunks, bigger chunks, rocks, bigger rocks, boulders, bigger boulders and others of its kind growing larger and larger and as they did the energies generated by these collisions did too. By the time the colliding planetesimals each had reached a hundred kilometers or so in size, their collisions produced outright melting and vaporization, and the materials—which we now, in retrospect, call rocks and iron metal—began to sort themselves out.
The denser iron settled in the center and the lighter rock separated into a mantle around the iron, in a miniature of Earth and the other inner planets.
Some have since referred to this phase as differentiation, the separating out of the various elements.
The Sun’s ignition had by this time blown out and cleared away most gaseous parts of the protoplanetary disk, while the multitude of chunks, boulders, and planetesimals left behind continued to collect into a handful of large, stable bodies in well-spaced orbits.
The third of these, counting outward from the Sun, would eventually be named Earth.
It is evident that this process of coming together, this process of gravital accumulation, was violent and spectacular, because the smaller pieces left huge craters on the larger ones.
At some point in this process, probably pretty early on, a very large planetesimal struck Earth an off-center blow and sprayed much of Earth's rocky mantle into space. Quite a spectacle.
The Earth eventually retrieved most of this matter, but not all; some of it instead congregated a second planetesimal which has since been circling Earth, refusing to come to it: the Moon.
The inner iron core of the Earth grew, and still remains, solid.
The outer core is liquid, still mainly iron.
Although the mantle surrounding the cores is solid, it is hot enough to still retain some liquid properties, and can flow: we call this the movement of our tectonic plates.
The Earth’s crust reaches as deeply as 70 kilometers in places and is solid.
This much is known.
What is less known is that Edmund Halley, in his later and less studied some would go so far as to call it ramblings, was correct in postulating that at the core of the Earth there is a vacuum, an inner chamber if you will, a jail (he once said)—perhaps only a meter across, perhaps a kilometer, perhaps vaster than that, perhaps the entire Earth but for the crust (he once said), he was never very specific and often contradicted himself—there is a seat of sentience that is the true Earth.
Ramblings, indeed; for who would believe that the Earth is alive. 
:
When a young intergalactic bird reached the Earth (so many ticks ago) he saw upon approaching—himself impervious to the Siren Song of gravity—that he was not the first intergalactic, or perhaps galactic, visitor to the young planet. Others had reached it before him and had claimed and shaped it to their own dark purpose: the Sirenum Scopuli of the region.
No, worse than that: its prison.
Although there were as yet no trace of man, what spirits inhabited the planet—and there were many many many even then—were not there of their own will, this much was clear. They had been placed here: captured, possibly tried, found guilty, brought and incarcerated here; and the miasma that flooded and covered and suffocated the surface of Earth once every turn around the Sun was indeed the bricks and mortar, the bars and locks, the chains and shackles that fettered the captured spirit to this third planet from the vigorous little starling at the center of the system.
And in and of the Earth itself, himself a prisoner of enraged metal and senseless gravity, the bird perceived the furious jailor himself, whose only succor consisted in the capture and jailing of others—for so they worked, these prisons; who once a turn around the Sun percolated from deep within his cell to spread himself as darkly mist over the planet to enjoy, restore, and revitalize the chains and shackles.
The bird, good at his ancient heart and very wise, watched for many a turning round the Sun, then shuddered at such cruelty and winged away, far away, to warn others of his kind: this beautiful pearl, this blue and white from just the right distance is truly dark at heart and purpose.
It is to be pitied, not visited.


::123::
Raphael sank deeper still.
Into an awareness: white, or black, aflame, or brilliantly enraged.
Vast, like night, or dawn, or dusk.
Heat, oppressive pressures of angry heat.
Into a presence Raphael could never define for you became the presence you entered; something he both desired and feared. He desired the power, the strength, the violently compressed potential of this being; he feared the deeper evil he never saw but always sensed just beneath, just above, just beyond, just within, the deeper evil contained, constrained, confined. Tearing at its own shackles pleading for release, but in every raging tear vowing that could he not leave, nor could, or would anyone else. That was his promise—that was his purpose.
Sometimes this presence separated itself from Raphael and then imparted distance, took shape; sometimes it remained within, without, permeating.
Now it separated: a fine man; tall and gray-haired. Long arms and fine fingers, seated comfortably, at ease with the world, and not at all the evil that still formed all walls surrounding, if walls you could call them: they were not walls at all, unless what you occupy are walls. A fine man not in the least jailed, free to come and go as he damn well pleased—though not.
Not the Devil. Raphael knew this. Had always known this. Knew this with every fiber of his body, every perception of his soul; yet, it would have been such a handy label, such a graspable naming. Still, not the Devil, not at all. And, really not there at all; not tangibly there, more like a projection, a gathering, yet so very there.
And, Raphael also knew, though he could never pinpoint how: this man, this presence, while he could kill, tear, torture, drown Raphael with the fleetest of thoughts, was as imprisoned as was Raphael.
Raphael knew the man could not leave the Earth. Not as long as.
Not as long as.
And though Raphael knew there was a not as long as, and though at times he felt that the fulfillment of that thought lay within arm’s reach, he could never complete it: the answer was as elusive as the man, thing, presence now looking up at him, smiling.
This man, this ghost, this spirit, this presence would forever be part of the Earth, would forever be Earth, as long as.
“The woman,” said the man, shifting his legs, one upon the other.
“Yes, finally,” said Raphael.
“They know?” said the man.
“They have seen,” said Raphael.
The image of the man flickered, as if his embodiment required definite and tiring effort on the part of this presence whom Raphael more than once had, and now again thought of as the Host; then again coalesced into once again calm and ripple-free.
“They have witnessed the fate of those who oppose me?”
“Yes.”
“And you have shown your face? They know you as Arrak?”
“As you requested.”
“That is good.” 
:
The at ease and pleased man again flickered, as if he were a radio station slightly off-frequency, static finding its way; then again coalesced and coming in loud and clear:
“I have another task for you.”


::124::
Again, Lara dreams of trees.
It is her only refuge.
It is as if she is able to choose this dream, as if once she had completely spent herself on the urge that courses like violence up and down her body, it is as if once she has truly—if temporarily—exhausted the inexhaustible and sleep calls and calls, she can, as she falls, choose her portal. And she always chooses trees.
A beech forest. Endless and light. The lightest of green. The greenest of light. She gently parts—as if asking its permission to proceed—the knee-tall greenly lit grasses as she walks from trunk to trunk touching each as if to draw strength from them.
There is no Storm here. There is mist, lingering in the morning chill, but this mist is benevolent, almost welcoming, and feeds not urge, demands no compliance. Silvery in the greenly lit morning.
Looking up: the sunlight casts slanting shafts of silver; silvery rays formed by branch and leaf and here and there strike the Earth. She is happy here, truly happy here, and in a distant dream—realer than this, but not reachable from here—she watches another mist lift from watery surface, sentinels forming a glade, her glade, that for all its reluctance to let her in, nonetheless wonders where she is and would, yes, welcome her back, this she now knows, from this dream, from this refuge.
Many feet rush up stairs in a nearby forest.
:
She is not aware of this, yet she is.
There is something these gentle giants, these forest elders try to tell her, some whispering just beyond her ken: away.
Many feet still now in a nearby forest. On the landing just the other side of her apartment door.
In one well-practiced picking of a not that hard a lock, one well-practiced picking of a harder (dead-bolt) but yet no match for a professional lock, three quick snaps of sharp and hungry cutting jaws, silently severing three feeble chain-attempts at keeping the apartment secure, the door swings open on nervous hinges before Lara even manages to reach her now forest-less surface.
There are four of them. All in black. The last one through the door silently closes it behind him while the first to arrive in Lara’s bedroom has already gagged here while the second to arrive is already readying ropes.
She never manages to make a hearable sound.
:
They leave her for dead, for surely.
But not before untying her—no need to waste perfectly fine rope—and not before checking her pulse for its absence for well over a minute. There is nothing. Neither is the heart, nor lungs. She is definitely.
Task accomplished.
Last man out again pulls the door closed behind him, though not carefully—he is anxious to leave, in his heart anxious to be gone from this defiling, to be done with this place, gone from this what could have been, should have been enjoyable task, but was not, this plagued by fundamental wrongness not enjoyable task—so, not carefully, anxious to leave, he swings the door shut behind him, hears it attempt to click itself into place, hears it fail and entertains, halfway down the first set of stairs, entertains for the briefest of moments the thought of turning back to pull it all the way shut, but the first man out is already in the open air below, rushing now, calling back for the others, anxious to be gone, and what does it really matter anyway, and so, as the last man out takes the remaining stairs two at a time to catch up it slowly swings ajar on still nervous hinges, soon to invite anyone who might pass to enter, to come in and see for themselves what has taken place here at the hand of Arrak and under the guise of Season. 
:
And Lara agrees: she is dead. For surely.
But she is also in shock. It is so.
The shock of violent attack and repeated rape. The shock so deep that death is feigned to please, please make them stop. It is so.
For there is pulse. Somewhere inside that thing, which she recognizes as her body, bruised and burned by ropes, bleeding from uncaring passing back and forth between intruders, unbreathing to make them leave, with the help of perhaps a distant beech forest, hiddenly breathing its air instead of the air here in this room, this foul air of lust and desperation, breathing instead the silverly shafted air of her greenly domed sanctuary. Sentinels shamed to know what takes place, wise to reach her here in the heart of cruelty and offer her the finer air. And so they still her lungs and her heart and so the intruders realize and verify she is and leave her for dead, but not after retrieving their cords, for there is no need to waste perfectly good rope.
It is so.
:
Mr. Wallcroft, Lara’s upstairs neighbor, on a mission from his wife to find—any where, she doesn’t care which where—some Tylenol—and now this very instant, do I look like I’m kidding—passes the gaping door. Cut chains hanging impotently, limply spelling out forced entry and what might have followed.
“Lara,” he says into the open apartment, for he has always wanted to call her Lara. Then, to be safe and to not sound too familiar, “Miss West.”
And again, “Miss West.”
No reply.
He sets foot in the apartment, steps toward the living room. “Miss West. Lara.”
No reply.
“The door is standing open, out here. Are you all right? Miss West?”
No reply.
Past the kitchen and the short hallway. “Miss West?”
Past the bathroom to his left, and through the door to his right, into her bedroom. 
:
Mrs. Wallcroft’s headache evaporated with the emergency.
“Is she dead?” asked her husband.
Mrs. Wallcroft, a retired nurse, did not answer at first. At first she simply looked, taking the room in as would a police officer, impersonally, clinically. After all, she did not know her well, this young now utterly abused woman.
Then she donned her nurse’s hat and took a closer look.
“I think so,” she finally said with her ear pressed against the bruised and naked breast. “I think so.”
Then her face changed from resignation to rapt attention, to almost a smile (for Mrs. Wallcroft had made it an enduring habit not to smile in the presence of her husband, no matter what the circumstances). “No, no, she’s alive.”
And then she did smile; well, wonders never cease.
911 was no great help. After twenty minutes of waiting for a siren (plenty were heard, but they sped past) to actually arrive, she told her husband to get their car out. “We’re taking her.” 
:
The ride to Saint Mary’s Hospital was an odd mixture of pain, catching up with the speeding car, and beech forest.
Lara was keeping in sight that wilted thing that once belonged to her and still perhaps did belong to her and which was now carried down into her upstairs neighbor’s car and tenderly—that was very nice, that tenderness—placed in the back seat.
Mr. Wallcroft—that was his name—drove, his wife beside him.
Lara tried to return, to reclaim her body, but pain stood out like a shield, an aura, and refused to let her in. Most of that thing, that wilted tree-less thing in the back seat of the now speeding Mercedes, screamed with pain, and screamed at her to stay away.
From the outside Lara had trouble keeping up, had trouble with bearings, had trouble navigating many trees that stood or did not stand in her way. Then the car slowed, turned, and stopped.
A hospital. She had no idea which, but a hospital, yes.
Mrs. Wallcroft went in and soon returned with two nurses in tow, gurney between them, and then the wilted painful thing was tenderly—there was that tenderness again, and Lara wanted to cry, though at the moment she had no face, no eyes, no tears to cry with—placed on the gurney and rolled into the brightly lit Emergency Reception.


::125::
Harry’s Pine reached and filled his human.
Harry did not notice as such, just noticed the difference. The slightly piney relief from first Storm then sorrow—the sorrow, the grim devastation of the news of his friend, that in and of itself, at times, was strong enough to keep the Storm at bay.
Grief is a strong shield. Harry did not know that.
Harry’s Pine knew that.
Yet, Harry’s Pine suffered to see such suffering, and reached and filled his grieving human to at least—as these humans liked to call it—take the edge off.


::126::
He was in a bad way.
How bad he wasn’t sure. But he couldn’t move, that was bad. Could not move at all, and that was bad, that was very bad. Try as he might he could not as much as wriggle a toe, or move a finger. He had been, he thought, and where on Earth did that word come from: unplugged.
Unplugged, put out of commission. Defused.
Still he felt good, very good in fact, good enough not to realize that large volumes of morphine had all to do with that. He could see though, and that was good. See the sheet pulled up nearly to his chin, see the tent-like little mounds at the bottom of the bed that hid his feet. See the ceiling and the fixtures but could not, could not see to his left nor to his right, not farther than his eyes could swivel anyway, for his head was either in traction or he could not move it either.
And that was not good.
At all.
And then, minutes—our hours—later, the morphine content in his blood now on a down-swing, he didn’t feel so good again, and then, minutes later, he suddenly, and for just a break in the morphine cloud remembered and remembered and remembered and he smelled again the acrid cloud of Alwyn burning in the guestroom, for although he could not see from where he lay, he knew, knew with all of his failed heart that this is what the smell was, what the dark cloud of scream was; they had found her, and they had come, and he had failed to protect the one person he, the one person he.
He could cry, he discovered that. And he could swallow, he discovered that, though with difficulty.
And he could scream.
A nurse came up to his bed, took his vitals, looked down on him and said something Harman-Karman did not catch. He looked at her, and would not let go with his eyes, meaning, she assumed, he had not heard or had not understood.
“How are you feeling?” was the mundane thing he had missed.
And so he discovered that he still could speak, “Not good.”
“Can you move at all?” asked the nurse.
“Not to my knowledge,” said Harman-Karman. Then he tried again, to wiggle a toe, shift a thigh, move an elbow, turn a head: nothing. “No.”
The nurse fiddled with the IV tubing just beyond his vision and worked a needle into the cannula, pushed the plunger and there, there was the good feeling again, good enough to flush the pain—murmuring louder and louder in his back—good enough to want to thank her, and perhaps he did, and good enough clear his nostrils of Alwyn Moore.
This wasn’t so bad after all.


::127::
She was in a bad way.
How bad she wasn’t sure. Though bad enough to keep her out and away from that painy damaged thing in the metal-framed bed, sides coming up like fences around it as if it might bolt and had better be corralled; hovering slightly above it—that thing, that wilted thing, now so hooked up to IV and other tubes and a pump that fed her oxygen through her nose or mouth and not nearly as well as the beech forest had so long, long ago that it struck her—God knows from where—like a tiny processor on some mother board, this tiny thing with all these connections: to feed it, to keep it alive: the center of all this mechanical attention.
She tried to but could not open her eyes; as if they were welded shut, or perhaps it was just that she could get no grip on them.
A nurse came and went.
A doctor came and went.
Another nurse came and stayed. Looked at instruments, wrote results down on a clipboarded form. And went.
A doctor came, with the nurse. She heard, though not so well—as if listening through a door or two, or from under water:
“Poor thing.” That was the nurse speaking. She couldn’t tell by direction of the sound, but she could see the nurse’s lips moving.
The doctor didn’t answer. Instead he studied the chart, not to ignore the nurse, more from concern. Then he studied the wilted thing on the bed as if it held the answers.
“We need to prep her for surgery,” he said finally. “Abdominal. Ruptured kidney, we may have to remove it. Spleen and pancreas questionable. She’s had some severe blows. We have to look around and see what else might be going on.” He studied the instruments, then looked back at the tired, wilted, still apparently sleeping thing. “Her blood pressure doesn’t look good, and I don’t like the irregular heart. So, sooner rather than later, yes?”
Which apparently was hospital speak for “NOW” for the nurse, after a brief “Yes doctor” moved with a speed, determination, and efficiency that Lara simply had to admire.
She followed at a short distance as they wheeled her body away. 
:
It should have felt as if they were removing bits and pieces of her—first a kidney, she gathered from the mumblings around the exposed innards under the theater’s bright bright light, then something she couldn’t name, and neither did anyone else, and then something else yet—but it didn’t feel like they were removing bits and pieces of her, at all.
They were not removing bits and pieces of her, they were removing bits and pieces of it. It was a strange realization, but oh, so very real.
And if there had ever been any doubt, now there was none: Lara, herself, and that thing under the skilled knife and all those busy hands down there, had little if anything to do with each other, really. She thought briefly of her dirt bike, for the relationship struck her: that was her dirt bike down there, in the shop, being fixed up, for her to get back on and ride again once back in working condition.
Had she had lips, she would have smiled.
She moved a little closer, the better to see. The better to notice the irreverence with which the doctor pushed aside and held out of the way her intestines, and whatever else pink, brown, pulsing there was and then looked up at one of the nurses, please, and she did, did put a hand to the pile of pale slippery and definitely alive tubing to keep it out of knife’s way. She made out the outline of lungs, expanding, contracting, expanding, contracting but with help still, that pump thing attached to her, or perhaps it was another pump, must be come to think of it.
But no heart. She had not heart. Down there, she had no heart. Only lungs did the expanding, contracting, expanding, contracting; though a heart should, too, should expand and contract like a little fist is how she had always pictured it, and no matter how closely she looked she could not see her heart. Still hiding under skin and rib, nobody had thought to uncover it, she realized, and in a way she felt cheated.
Then the thing she could not see stopped expanding, contracting.
“She’s losing too much blood,” said the doctor, as if swearing.
No one answered, but again she was impressed by the speed and efficiency of the circus below. It was like an organism, a many-handed, many-legged Hydra, swift and coordinated, filling her with new blood, and then those paddles to her chest and “on three” and someone counted and on three, just like he said, she arched a little and the thing she could not see got the message and started beating again.
They stood back, pleased she thought, happy even, and then the doctor said, “Let’s wrap it up,” and they did, tying knots here and there, it looked like, patching up veins or arteries—she knew they were different but couldn’t say how, certainly could not tell any difference. Then they seemed done and most then left, leaving just the one male nurse to do the final stitching, soldering those angry edges of muscle and skin together with thread. And quickly, too. Lara, amazed, watched the sure movements of gloved fingers that like strong pale worms made her water-proof all over again.
:
And then the same nurse wheeled the now fixed-up thing in to recovery where they left it in dim light, barely visible, pale nonetheless, as with its own light, a near casualty worse for the wear, and Lara looked and looked and had the sudden and chilling certainty that here and now, in this quiet and antiseptic darkness, now and here (so quiet she could hear the rest of the hospital as a breathing, rushing about thing all around her, as a well-controlled mayhem taking place in all directions, around this heart of stillness); in this quiet now and here she had a choice:
She could stay, or she could go.
To go would kill it. She knew that: to go was to die. To go was to head for the uncertain, the elsewhere she could not even envision. To go was to give up, give out, cease.
No, not cease, but to disengage, to sever, to rescind ownership of that, that wilted, pale, not-breathing-on-its-own thing still slightly flourescent in the now pinkish reddish, still faint light surrounding.
To stay was to accept this patched-up thing as hers. To stay was to take it back and promise to look after it and not complain later, for this was it, this was a crossroads: she had to decide now, and the decision was final.
Later she could not with any degree of certainty say whether it was the fear of the unknown, the absolutely no idea where to go or what to do, or the affinity for the known, the features, the hair and limbs she had sprouted and grown over the years, that made her stay. For that was her decision: to stay, to all right, I’ll take it back.
And with that decision it was as if it was now safe to return; apparently, for now she suddenly fell, and fell and fell, and then all was darkness and her settling into dreamless, painless, awareless sleep, neither happy nor unhappy about her oh, so crucial and irrevocable choice.


::128::
Two things marvelled harry:
That he really loved Harman-Karman—for he did: as selfless a feeling as he’d ever experienced, a feeling that buoyed him, filled him with something utterly worthwhile.
And that this love—this pure and selfless thing, this discovered love, kept the Storm at bay.
Harry could not put his finger on the moment of discovery, but it had followed, quite out of nowhere, quite out of nothing for a thing that tangible, soon after he was told—the hospital by now convinced that Harry was indeed as close to family as Harman-Karman had—that his friend would never walk again; the spinal damage was too severe, is how they put it.
Harry took these news as a blow, he felt them physically, in his chest, in his stomach, as if it were he and not Harman-Karman who had lost all motion, and realizing with every echo of those words, never again, never again, never again, that Harman-Karman would never again.
And then, sitting down now, the realization still growing and showing no signs of abating, reeling him with each new and ever larger incarnation, Harry realized that in that cruel moment—Harry saw Harman-Karman bleeding on the living room floor, pleading with him: Lwin, Lwin, and Harry, clueless Harry, powerless to grant this thing that his friend needed the most—Harman-Karman had lost not only all motion, but the one person he had lost it for: Lwin.
Alwyn.
No person should have to endure such heartbreak. No living person deserved that.
And so Harry discovered that he loved his friend with more than all of his heart, he loved him so much he would trade places with him—no, not gladly, but he would, he realized, he would, if it came to that, just to see him happy, trade places with him.
And this feeling, this utterly Storm-less feeling (is how he came to think of it later) filled him so full it refused the Storm its rigthful entry.
:
And seeing Harman-Karman again, after his, third was it?, surgery, all piped up and helpless, this feeling, this love sprung anew and pushed all but itself away.
“How’re holding up?” said Harry.
Harman-Karman could not even move his head in Harry’s direction. But he could swivel his eyes and as Harry stepped closer, could see him. And Harman-Karman could speak, the one island in a sea of misfortune.
And he could smile.
After some time: “Not well.”
“You hurt?”
“They’ve got me on God knows what,” Harman-Karman said, “doing the job.”
When Harry, so close to tears that any attempt at voice would betray them, said nothing, Harman-Karman asked:
“Have you heard from Alwyn?”


::129::
They gave it three shots. Not much hope, but three shots nonetheless.
After the third operation is was clear, the damage was irreparable, and Harman-Karman would remain immobilized. He had been hit twice, by two bullets, each in some madly synchronized bad luck finding his spine, both just missing the Kevlar, one just above his waist, one just below his neck, and both doing maximum damage. There were still fragments in there, fragments that it would kill the patient to remove. And so, after three attempts, most fragments remained unremoved, and the patient remained immobile. And would so remain. For. Ever.
Harman-Karman knew this. On some level had known this all along, had known this lying on his own living room floor, feeling the icy inability to even shift or lift his head spread throughout from two little spinal fountains. He could tell—though the pain that now raced to confuse things did its best to mask facts—this was bad, very bad. He could not move, and probably never would. It was more than just a certainty, it was like air, something that was just there, fact of life. Had happened. Would not unhappen.
Then came hope. The hope that you cling to even if you don’t believe it, even if it’s just to make others happy. For you know, hope in his case was an impotent cure, just some little flag you waved as part of the cheering crowd: reality begged to differ, and Harman-Karman was nothing if not a realist.
Still, if you hope enough—if you make others happy, even if just to encourage the doctors to try again—some little strands of it will find the dark certainty of futility and take root, feigning little sprouts of hope for you yourself to cling to and maybe even believe, and Harman-Karman clung, not with any certainty, perhaps only for amusement, but now and then he clung, and then clung until after the third operation the doctors and the darker foundation of Harman-Karman’s certainty finally came to terms: no, no hope. Not a chance of a hope. You will not move again, much less walk.
Sorry.
Takes some coming to terms with, that.
:
It’s Harry. He can tell from he’s not sure what, but it’s Harry opening the door; those feet crossing the floor are Harry’s. Nothing wrong with his hearing, that’s for sure. Harry’s feet, clearly, and then floating in from the left, Harry’s presence. Which spoke:
“How’re holding up?” it said.
And there, guiding his eyes all the way to the left, Harry himself. Good old Harry. Good old devastated Harry. Taking it worse than Harman-Karman himself.
He smiled. “Not well.”
“You hurt?”
No, it didn’t hurt. The one thing it didn’t do, hurt.
“They’ve got me on God knows what,” Harman-Karman said, “doing the job.”
Harry was about to cry, Harman-Karman could tell. He swallowed then tried to speak, then decided not to; no nothing wrong with his hearing. So, to change the subject, Harman-Karman asked:
“Have you heard from Alwyn?”
:
It was a good thing he got to her before he got shot, that’s the only good thing about this whole damned mess.
And why he hadn’t thought of moving, going somewhere else, mountains, oceans, deserts, there was not shortage of places to hide, that’s for sure, so why he didn’t, well, that he would never know.
Good thing he heard them when he did, and good thing he got Alwyn out of harms way before those bullets finally found their mark.
That was his only consolation. She had gotten away. He had heard them park, had rushed into the guest room. She had gotten dressed in seconds and he had ushered her—not without protests, for she had heard nothing as yet of Arrak arriving—into the back yard and then helped her over the fence onto his neighbors lawn with the one whispered appeal: Run.
And she had kissed him then, lightly on the lips. Nodded, kissed him again briefly, and she had run. Thank God, she had run. And run. And that was the last he had seen of her.
Perhaps she had heard them by now too, Harman-Karman wasn’t sure, but she had run.
To safety, for sure. To the station, probably. To the police. Perhaps to her friend Blackburn Small, somewhere safe, surely.
And as surely, by now, she would have let Harry know that she was safe, and ask him to let Harman-Karman know she was safe.
When Harry didn’t answer, he asked again:
“Any word at all?”


::130::
Which is when harry lied:
“She’s fine, Harman-Karman, she’s fine.”
“Where is she?”
“San Francisco,” Harry heard himself say.
“Good girl,” said Harman-Karman.


::131::
Harman-Karman was happy. Yes, for all that—for the disaster that was his paralyzed, unmovable body—Alwyn had escaped. She had made it through the tangle of backyard shrubs and trees and fences and swimming pools and all the way to her station or to the police or to Mr. Small, what was his name?, Blackburn, yes, that’s it, and now there she was: safely ensconced in San Francisco. Beyond Arrak’s reach. Safe.
“Where in San Francisco?” he asked.
“She didn’t say,” said Harry. “Couldn’t say, I guess.”
If Harman-Karman could have nodded he would. True. She couldn’t, she shouldn’t say, someone might have listened in, couldn’t be too careful. “Yes,” he said. “That makes sense.”
A small apartment somewhere. The station had, or someone from the station had, a small apartment up there, or knew someone trustworthy who did, who had offered to help, yes, and Alwyn had taken them or him or her up on the offer, kind of you to help, it would be great, really appreciate it. And now she wondered what had happened to him. Had he even survived? She had no way of knowing.
“You have to get word to her,” he told Harry.
“What word?”
“That I am fine. That I got shot, but not that badly. That I’m in the hospital. That I’m fine.”
“Sure.”
“Don’t mention,” and here he had wanted to make an all-inclusive gesture to include legs, arms, feet, the lot. “This,” he said finally.
“Of course not.”
“And Harry.”
“Yes.”
“Give her,” how to say it, the word felt so unfamiliar, so uncharacteristic, his tongue so unused to, “Give her my love,” he said.
“Of course I will.”
And now she was smiling up there in San Francisco, at the news. At the news that Harman-Karman was alive after all, and well, had gotten through the ordeal just fine, a scratch that’s all. Smiling to herself at seeing him again, he’d be up there shortly, surely. They still had business to attend to, didn’t they? Smiling at her own image in the mirror, smiling at the window and the view that took in the Pacific Ocean not three blocks away. Smiling at the books she had managed to bring from her apartment—piled now on her bedside table, at the laptop keyboard she was facing at night, staring right back at her as she started her novel yet again, and smiling, even thrilling at the latest beginning that now took form and life and outgrew its beginning and into flight, for they were more than just beginning now, were they not, she and Harman-Karman, who was just fine down in Los Angeles, and who would soon join here, out of Arrak’s reach.


::132::
When the young intergalactic bird arrived back from witnessing what he had seen in that distant galaxy, on that blue and white planet—that jewel set in blackest black—he had only one thought in mind, one purpose upon returning, one urgency: to warn others.
And to do so he applied for, and was granted, urgent audience with the elders, birds so old that lives of many planets strung together would not reach such age.
And so he arrived for his audience, alive with discovery, expanded by expectation, for it is a good thing to bring such news, to warn his kind of danger, and he was right in expecting recognition and reward: he had observed well and true, he had traveled fast to share the news, arrived now for the good of all.
And so the elders received the youngling and they listened to his tale, and asked—out of politeness perhaps—questions about what the young bird thought of this, and of that, and he, the youngling answered and answered a little more concerned with each answer that he was not bringing about the astonishment and gratitude and recognition of a deed well done that he had expected, even counted on.
Then the elders asked no more questions, and to a bird fell silent. For an age. Then the oldest of the elders sighed and said:
“We know.”
:
The being whom Raphael thought of as the Host, the dark awareness permeating the Earth, had, as was the norm for deities of his kind, a colorful past.
Angel at times (his favorite persona), resplendent ruler at times, ocean at times, galaxy at times, even forest at times, he wasn’t born cruel—well he wasn’t born at all, he had always been and would, of course, always be. But as far as this universe goes, he had been both kind and cruel. Really, that is part of the game, the game most deities play to keep boredom at bay.
When we pick up the tale he had for the life of many a star been known as Angel, benign and mystical, who mostly kept to his own domain of the ever-expanding, doing good here and there, frightening children and slaying dragons, heaping reward and exacting justice. His wings—his pride, and rightly so—where of white stardust and could span oceans. They were like gossamer sails that caught the fine and distant light of a trillion stars. His sword—his fury and principal weapon—was forged of frozen silver, crystal star pulsing within. No sword was mightier, or wielded more skillfully; and as self-appointed guardian of his domain, his subjects—and there were trillions of them—thought him a good Angel, a fair God, and someone to revere and obey.
Dramatic though this game was—and beautiful, and rewarding—some spirits are children at heart and soon get bored; and the Host, child at heart, after the blink of an eye we call billions of years grew bored, bored, bored with such power, such benevolence, such justice. The game, enjoyable at first, and exciting, too, while enemies abounded (to slaughter) and plots were hatched (to thwart and crush), had of late (having slaughtered, thwarted and crushed), grown oh so predictable. He had not been risen against or even challenged for eons, plotters were extinct, no one dared to even whisper against him; things were, in a word: boring.
So boring, in fact, that one fine day the Host simply up and departed, leaving his many many children both God- and Rudder-less. They are still sorting that one out over there. Enough plotting and slaughter now to keep them busy for a while.
Meanwhile, onto bigger and better things, this being, this Angel, this Host.
A good thing with the ever-expanding: it is ever expanding. No shortage of room, of places to go. Go to the end of it and it stretches as far still, as far as you can see; go there, and still it stretches ahead, as far as you can see: ever-expanding.
Went to the very end of it, the Host did, and then some.
And found this:
An ocean of galaxies, stretching out ahead as far as the eye—and at times the Host was all and nothing but eye—could see. A sea of galaxy, waves and waves, water or desert, or field, perhaps, undulating in an equally infinite breeze: this was impressive and worthwhile territory.
A thing to expect with impressive and worthwhile territories: they have already been found impressive and worthwhile by others, have already discovered, are now nurtured and protected; and this rise and fall of the near infinite provided no exception: it was already under the dominion of stern though benign winged creatures; birds, yes, birds, it was the realm of large intergalactic birds.
:
How to describe one?
Like the Phoenix unrisen, like the Phoenix unflamed, like the Phoenix dreamed, mightier and more beautiful than anything fire might devour, more graceful than anything ashes might gender. No, not as vast as the now approaching Host—by such comparison of hardly any size at all—but vast they were for all that: wings when spread in flight spanned a fair sized forest (youngling) or several fair sized forests (elder); feathers the bluest blue, the reddest red, the greenest green, and the finest of silver, feathers like plumed javelins and as deadly should it come to that.
Curved beaks the whitest white like hinged crescent moons—as ready to tear and devour as to gently pronounce pleasure at a job well done, at a planet well governed; eyes the deepest black, so deep and so all-seeing that they, among all creatures in this entire universe, can see its beginning and its very end (or so it is rumored).
Gliders of darkness, sailors of suns, they are rulers and protectors of untold galaxies in these parts.
And they are—more than gliders or sailors, more than or rulers or protectors, these birds, for they are brilliant, these birds, inventors of much wonder—they are spinners of webs, of clever and oh, so very deadly webs, for these webs, once spun, are spun into un-spun and no longer exist, they are un-webs, only once-thought webs, only the unseen form, the vanished imprint of webs; a so specific lack of web that the unsuspecting prey will unseeingly glide into it and at first only sense as patterned vacuum, as faint whisper of danger this web, a whisper that the better to hear he then heeds, and so heeding expends first attention then energy in the direction of; an attention and energy, a heeding now avidly drunk by this utter and precise lack of web to spur its forming, to gender its ensnaring and ensnaring further and further as the quarry first panics then rages at such cunning only to see his panic and rage further strengthen each loop and strand to tighten their hold, ever strengthening with every effort, every energy expended by the ensnared who now, for all intents and purposes is frantically creating his own entrapment—such is the brilliance of the intergalactic bird—for were this prey only, for a moment, to utterly un-see, un-sense, and un-feed this web, he would be utterly free and on his way; but as yet, not since the inception of this incarnation of the universe has a single quarry solved this birdy and webby riddle; instead struggling, raging, they forever keep their bonds alive and binding.
Such are the brilliant webs spun by the intergalactic bird.
:
The Host, Angel still, gazed for many a galactic heartbeat in wonder at this undulation ahead, then approached; enticed by field upon field of galaxy for as far as he could see, for as wide as his wings and a thousand of his wings could span and a thousand thousand thousand times wider still; and the beauty.
This, he knew, this was his domain, his realm of dominion, this and only this was worthy of him, the Angel. Vaster than any he had ever seen, vaster than any he had ever conceived of; and the beauty.
Approaching further, descending, closing in on, scanning star upon star and planet upon planet of living things he grew more and more entranced: the industry of a million million worlds; the buzzing here and there of interplanetary and intergalactic little crafts, gliding through his gossamer wings and flowing robes like so much wind; the little wars they fought now and then; the homage they paid to some winged God or other most every day; the happinesses and sorrows of so very many a creature; all this busy life, this all entranced him.
A closer look.
He was a shape-shifter, was our Angel our Host, and so retracted his ocean-wide wings, pulled his continent of robe closer about him, withdrew his might and assumed the shape of planetary beings, three-legged these ones, three-armed and two-headed; the better to observe, assimilate, assume, invade.
Two-legged but four-armed these ones.
Two-legged and two-armed these ones.
Fish-like and mostly aquatic these ones.
Bird-like and flitting about on bee-like wings these ones.
Many-legged and armless these ones.
And saw this: every population thus assimilated, mimicked, infiltrated and observed by the Host (Angel still) had erected—in honor and admiration, out of fear or respect—statues of birds, of big, eagle-like, phoenix-like birds that in the wing-spread act of touching down dark-eyed and sternly gazed upon squares and fields and oceans or down wide avenues of these many visited planets: these were their gods then, these birds: his enemies. 
:
Galaxies circle many times before the intergalactic birds sense something amiss for their dominion is close to unimaginably vast and they as a race are but comparatively few.
Then word—just the odd trickle here and there, once every five or ten thousand years or so—made its way back to the center of things: on some of the outlying planets, the statues in their image—the proud bird, wide wings spread in landing, in reaching for the ground, in sudden arrival—had been defiled: a wing broken here, a beak sundered there, some even—so the odd trickle of word had it—torn down.
And some—whispered scattered mention—some even replaced by angels, sword in right hand soaring and pointing to the stars. Many an arriving bird demolished and superseded by angels—said some reports—whose beauty in wings spread and light spread shone finer and stronger than even the most beautiful and resplendent rendition of the powerful birds.
These, then, are the whispers reaching distant (and at first not believing—for who would dare—then disbelieving less, then not disbelieving, then believing, then concerned) birdy ear.
Now, these birds, unlike the Host, are not shape-shifters, not at all; they are very much bird, and bird they remain throughout the span of their incalculable lives. And as a consequence, these birds could not—like the Host—descend unseen, and unnoticed walk among those living, breathing things who until now had known only one God, that of Bird.
No, the bird had to (majestically) descend (in the image of the statue: wings spread, claws reaching for purchase, eyes a-darkly-glow), and descend in all its might upon wide, open field or impressively constructed terrace, to remind and impose and subjugate. What, they wanted—in no uncertain terms—to know, happened to the statues erected in their honor?
The Angel, came the answer. The Angel demanded it.
What angel? the birds, on planet after planet now, for this phenomenon was more wide-spread than reported, demanded to know.
The Almighty Angel of Light, the Giver of Life, Protector of all earth, all water, all fire, and all air; came answer after answer.
But there was no Angel to be seen, nor found; for all the birds ever came upon were statues, renditions, no actual angel, never this elusive deity they were told of, planet after planet.
None of which they would leave until the Angel statues had been brought to dust, and new and even more splendid replicas of bird landings had been erected in their honor (and a suitable amount of subjects torn limb from bleeding limb to teach valuable lessons of worship).
It was widely understood that the birds were in no way amused.
And still, though they looked and looked and scoured and scoured, they found no angel, spied no angel, only images of.
All the while the Angel saw them: these, then, these birds taking offense at many a well-executed image of Angel, these were the enemy, these were the incumbent rulers to slay and replace.
Here then, finally, in a word: the game.
And so, perhaps a blink, perhaps an eon later, with righteous might and furious sword of starry silver he struck a youngling bird on the beak, hard enough to deeply damage, then struck a wing, hard enough to sever, and then whispered, hard enough for many a bird to hear: I am the Lord and Master here, you either leave or you bend to my will.
This he repeated, and again, and again, leaving severed wings, wounded legs, missing claws, bleeding breasts, harmed beaks in his wake.
And still the birds could not see him for he was too vast and none was far enough away to see: instead they always looked through him.
What they sought was everywhere, all around, and the all around is simply that, not angel.
And so, after yet more severed wings and whispered promises of yet more severed wings, still they could not see him.
And so none saw him, until, upon his return, a long gone scout, who upon approaching his home fields and oceans saw, from eons of light away, the faint outline of wings slowly hovering over far away oceans.
Approaching the angel grew dimmer and thinner and in the end could no longer be seen.
The returning scout told of this observation, and so other birds sped off to gain distance and then, they too, saw; and yet other birds, and finally the elder birds, also gained distance and also saw, and so the birds finally knew their enemy, wings like silvery water, faint and spread from continent to continent, hovering; mantle flickering in the starry breeze; sword held like galactic lightning ready to strike.
An impressive figure, they conceded, and yes, a beautiful figure, they conceded, but enemy nonetheless.
:
The war that followed grew protracted and unimaginably brutal.
The birds are nothing if not fearless. They know not pain, they know not defeat. Not until—by the fury the angel held and wielded—many met their death, de-winged, de-necked, de-legged (depending on where the angel’s sword may have fallen) and plummeting to the ground.
Bird upon bird upon flotilla of bird approached, beaks agape and screaming, encircled, wings armored and spread, attacked, claws extended and tearing, all to no avail for there was precious little there to approach, encircle, attack. All the while the angel wielded his sword, de-winging, de-necking, de-legging, de-clawing, de-beaking the birds, and, yes indeed, relishing the slaughter.
This was fun.
To him, the Host, the Angel, even birds the size of islands were nothing but gnats pestering, sometimes a swing of his sword would fell or main an entire cloud, crashing screeching flapping grasping to the earth or water below, spraying blood and other leakage as they tumbled and tumbled to death upon death.
Yes, this was fun.
Then the warring ceased. The birds saw the futility of attack and the wisdom in withdrawal. And so, for many a season, the Host was left in peace to roam the vastness of a trillion trillion stars and free to again demand the destruction of landing-bird statues and the erection of tributes to himself on every populated planet he saw fit to descend upon.
While the birds licked their wounds and spun a web.
While the Host, the Angel, God in these parts, here and there uncovered planetary plots to unseat him, and so meted out righteous destruction in such ungrateful directions; and here and there produced miracles to impress the faithful, and so underlined his mysterious the eyes of the believer; and, yes, all told, pretty much enjoyed himself.
While the birds spun a web.
After some time, eons again, or perhaps only seasons, the sudden and utter absence of bird began to worry him a little—he had not seen one, or heard of one, for—he was trying to remember—for many a slow galaxy turning now; but, then again, worry was good, worry was better than boredom, much.
While the birds spun a web.
But in the end, worry gaining upper hand, the Host, the Angel, God in these parts, went looking for them, just to make sure. To make sure of what, he wasn’t sure, but just to make sure. They had to be some where, he had not killed them all, surely? And in this some where, they were up to some thing, surely.
While the birds—withdrawn to distant distant parts—spun a web.
And it goes without saying that the birds—for they had ruled these parts pretty much since its inception—had eyes and spies throughout and were kept constantly abreast of His movement, so that they, too, moved as needed to avoid discovery.
And so, the Host, Angel, God in these parts, never did find them.
All the while the birds spun a web.
:
In the end the birds, as a unified effort of thousands upon thousands of ever retreating and keeping-out-of-Angel-sight birds managed to spin and string—from planet to moon—a web large enough to entice, hold, and in the frantic end subdue, the Host, Angel, God in these parts; but not before He, in rage and struggle to free himself of its constantly strengthening strands, crushed and shattered planet upon planet, sun after sun—spilling liquid death in all directions and robbing trillions upon trillions of living things of form and home; wreaking such brilliant havoc that the elder birds feared they had been wrong to try to capture Him, and fearful now that they had brought about their own destruction, and perhaps that of the entire universe, in this attempt at Angely capture.
In the end, however—for the strands grew ever stronger with every valiant attempt and rush at freedom—the Host, Angel, God in these parts—worn and ripped and torn and humbled—ceased his struggle, ceased and realized and conceded defeat, and was thus, contracted now to manageable size and still enwebbed, brought before the tribunal of elders to stand trial for his crime of rebellion and destruction.
:
Even though contracted—that is to say, forced by the ever strengthening web enfolding to in turn gather, fold and shrink his wings, his space, his reach—and enwebbed, the Host still made for an impressive figure as he was brought, in solemn procession, before the court of seven elders to answer for his behavior.
And so, as they brought him forth, two large birds each side of him, he still strode a mountain or so tall, and perhaps half that wide, defiant and struggling still, struggling just enough to keep the web in place and alert. The march was slow, the path to the tribunal long and lined by many a curious bird, each shifting and stretching the better to see the fallen Angel, and commenting to each other on the futility of it all.
Finally He was brought all the way, and now He stood, tall and bold and proud before the seven great fowl, stern and seated all upon towering perch, looking down at him.
Nothing was said while the Angel would not avert his glance.
The bird at center, ancient and elderest, every feather the white of brilliant snow, his eyes pools that held space at its very darkest, finally spoke:
“You are charged with disrupting Order, and abetting Chaos.”
It was the charge he had expected, for there was no graver crime, not in these parts. Lives lost were never counted, there were simply too many; planets destroyed or thrown out of orbit by frantic wings were not counted, there were too many. Neither were suns extinguished nor the countless lives extinguished in turn as a result. No, the true crime was the crime of upsetting Order once established, of aiding Chaos once defeated.
“Have you anything to say in your defense?” wondered the same ailing—at least he looked old enough to be ailing, should be ailing—fowl.
The question on His mind was this: What could they possibly do to Him they had not already done? What possible prison could they devise to hold Him? What possible punishment was there?
And to say that the Host at heart was not only childish but also arrogant was not a lie. He decided that this was as bad as it possibly could get, and given time he’d figure a way out of these, these strings of, well he couldn’t quite put his finger on what.
Obscenities had not been conceived yet, so his answer consisted of words longer than four letters. But for all that, it was by no means polite, and it told the ailing fowl and his decrepit partners just exactly where they could go, and just exactly how they should go about going there; to leave him alone, for he had done nothing—do you hear that?—absolutely nothing to deserve this. They, the birds, were in fact revolting against His Order; they were the once that had abetted Chaos, really, when it came right down to it. And He gave them precisely no time whatsoever to undo these strings and let Him expand and assume his rightful size, or else. And once freed, they should bow down before Him and pay him tribute by erecting many many statues of angels here there and everywhere. That was the gist of it. He had spoken.
The elder—with a faint rustle of feather and robe, like wind—looked to his left and then to his right? All nodded. Fine. Guilty.
There was only one possible sentence (since death hadn’t been invented yet): Forever Imprisonment.
:
They held Him thus—enwebbed—in their equivalent of the local jail for many a galactic swirl, all the while scouring the known universe for a suitable prison: a planet fresh enough to fuse the web and so the prisoner to it, yet sufficiently formed that he could not simply melt his way out.
And all the while another debate went on: there was this invention, this new web, this new energy, this new more like a poison than anything, this unseen but nonetheless felt thing, untried as yet on someone this size (or as the birds thought of it, someone of this scope—scope of being, as a science, philosophy and religion, was in fact established by the birds, and for many an eon formed the core of religion/philosophy in these parts): should they use it on him, the Host, Angel, ex-God, now, in these parts? He was as good a subject as any. And if it worked on him—so went the pros—well, then it would work on anyone.
If it worked on him—so went the cons—then it would indeed be the perfect, the most vicious, the most everlasting chains ever conceived, and that, over time, could amount to nothing but evil: no crime, no matter what order was disrupted, or chaos abetted, deserved this.
The cons, however, remained a minority.
Still, the birds preferred unanimity—if at all possible—so the debate went on; pros gaining more and more voice, cons growing more and more reticent, some would even say mournful: evil afoot, even if embryonically.
Then word arrived: they had found a planet, still coagulating, but in its final stages and soon enough would provide the perfect prison. Another plus: it was far enough away to soon enough be out of general mind, and so they would be able to put this whole distasteful episode behind them—and, some suggested, serve as a prison for other, less deified convicts.
Other parties were dispatched to inspect and verify these hopeful findings.
And they returned: yes, a good choice. This planet would serve.
Which also, by necessity, brought the debate to a close: the many pros had it: yes, they would use this new device, these new fetters on the Angel cum Host cum ex-God in these parts. He was, so they all held, in fact, the perfect specimen for this refined and insidious web.
:
The invention consisted of this: A new—synthesized—wave of light, so shaped, so fine, so invisible, so exquisite, so pervasive, so delightful, so enticing, so aesthetic, so burning, so thrilling, so captivating, so forceful, so filling that once it touches you, once it enters you, once it indeed possesses you and fills you and shrinks you into an inexplicable and urgent need to make more of you, you want it to never ever ever cease.
And should it cease, you want nothing but, you would do anything to, be so enticed and filled and possessed again.
The defeated cons still mumbled about the addictive nature of the wave and held it forth as a reason to not only not deploy it on the prisoner, but to destroy it, as well as any research records leading to it, altogether. Nothing good would come of it, they claimed.
The pros laughed at such folly.
The cons pointed to several planetary trials, where entire populations had descended into chaos, utter and often bloody chaos, in ever-increasing thirst for the seemingly inexhaustible sensation that some had taken to calling “the little death” because—so the cons claimed—the price for the wonderful ecstasy that seized and convulsed the test subjects was partial death, a contracting, a shrinking, a dying a little; and when you, spent and amazed that anything could feel that good, were done, when you had had a chance to catch your breath, then your next thought was: again. And where lies the freedom in that?
Which is how the defeated cons put it.
The pros laughed at such folly: It is not designed for freedom, they said, it is designed to entice, to bind, and to keep bound.
Well, the cons had to concede, as for that, it certainly would work. But there was nothing decent about it, and it was in fact as cruel a thing as they had ever invented, robbing, as it did, the subject of volition, and driving, as it did, the resultant addict quite insane.
This invention was, they held, a crime against nature, and was in fact not much better than pain (another not so long ago invention, now banned in its pure form, though resurrected here as part of this new wave, this little death wave, along with aesthetics and the desire to create beauty (though here curtailed and perverted from creating beauty to creating more—very clever of them).
Which, at the end of the day, is why the decision had to come down on the side of the pros: the thing worked, and worked well (and as intended) in planetary trials; they needed to test it on a deity—on a being of scope. This would serve the birds’ long term goals.
At your own peril, mumbled the cons.
Fine.
:
Enwebbed they brought the Host across eons and eons of space to the now cooling third planet from Sol, the newly formed sun. The crust had begun to form, though hot and screaming lava still pulsated through fissures and gaps. Perfect.
They slung the Host planet dead center, and then loosened the many millions of strands sufficiently to let the still fighting Angel expand to planet size.
Then they let go. Stepped back. Watched.
For many many circles around the sun the birds watched to see whether the fusing—the web melting into the crust of the planet, still restraining the Angel—would hold; and yes, as planned, it worked well.
Then, for the next many revolutions of this infant planet they directed this new light, their little-death invention in his direction, filled him as he filled the planet, with the vibrant ecstasy of what surely was true bliss.
The Angel, the Host—recently God in remote parts—surprised at the intensity of the feeling, and filled with the need, this inexplicable though wonderful need to create, to make more of him, in the end convulsed so hard that he threatened to rupture the crust, and for fear of losing him to escape, the birds ceased the light.
“Again,” is what the Host said.
“No,” is what the birds said.
“Please,” is what the Host said.
“Listen,” is what the birds said. For this was part of their far reaching plan.
And so the birds taught and impressed upon the Angel the intricate makeup, the complex pattern—part pain, part aesthetic—of the new light, of the little death, and taught him again, and again, and so well that in the end he was capable of emanating it, this frequency, this pattern: but never for his own direct benefit. No, the birds’ plan differed: he could only emanate it outward, into others, but whom he then, in turn—being a deity, after all—could permeate and perceive and so, vicariously, again experience the ecstasy for himself.
“Though you are never free to leave, you are free to use this light on other life, once it settles,” he was told.
“Who would want to leave?” He said.
Then, “When will life settle?” He wanted to know, anxious to experience the little death again.
“Soon enough,” came the reply, for the plans were already in place to expand the use of this prison facility.
The planet cooled further and the crust hardened further and the web still held, of course it did, for he still struggled, still prodded here and there for weaknesses, thus ever strengthening it. It would always hold.
Impatiently, the Host waited an eon or so, waited for life to entice and smother with this light, for all he could think about, caged within planet, was the remembered thrill, the exquisite pain of the fine light, and the need to savor it again. But for that he needed life, so the birds had told him.
Life, others, who would not come. There was still only the Host.
Rock, and he did try, impatiently emanating the crust; lava, and he did try, filling the glow of metal and stone, were not a sensitive recipients, and neither would thrill at all at the light; neither would water; neither would sulfur nor air. The birds had not lied, he needed other life.
Who would not come, and who would not come.
And then would not come.
:
The crust hardened further as the planet cooled some more, and steam condensed and fell and oceans formed, and then, finally: curious perhaps, or perhaps brought here—according to birdy plan—another life, another being moved through new water and after many many moons began to put things together: organized some Hydrogen, some Oxygen, some Carbon, some Nitrogen, and some sulfur, some Iron and a metal or two into a small thing that unlike other small things could move as itself, on its own volition: a cell. Life.
And then another.
Many others.
The Host, ever alert, ever thirsty, noticed this and beamed the fine little death toward, then through the ocean, to fill it with and ensure to reach, this new, these new, others. And reached.
And, faintly, faintly, he could feel it, the thin thin ecstasy of single cells as they, confused and elated both by this unseen voice, and focused suddenly on the need to make more began to split, and split again in stubborn frenzy of joyous procreation.
And this they kept up as long as the Host filled them with the need and its reward—that the Host could himself reap the ecstasy he craved.
And many circles around the sun saw cells become colonies of cells become colonies of colonies of cells and as they came together to form larger congregations still, soon took shape as fish, as reptile, as scurriers and wingers and whenever the Host beamed his wave to still his constant thirst they complied, ecstasied and procreated—through male sperm now and female egg to fuse in female womb to hold and protect and nurse the splitting and splitting again of cells to colonies of cells to colonies of colonies of cells to miniature versions of their kind to soon erupt into day to new life and soon enough to the need to in turn find a mate to experience the thrill of making more and more and more.
As seen by observing guards the wave emanated by the Host rose like a mist from crevices and hollows of the Earth to fill and propel many a species to more and more and more.
And still the web held firm, or not—for it no longer mattered: by now the Host no longer had any thoughts, nor even dreams, of ever leaving.
:
Other birds arrived with other prisoners, other sentences to be carried out. These were not Angels or Hosts, these were more common: rebels and thieves, plotters and agitators, artists some and poets—too radical for their own good, prisoners all, all captured and enwebbed spirits, released into the stream of life now blooming on the third planet from Sol.
And then they watched: as the ecstasy of making more soon seized the new arrivals and pushed aside all thought of wanting to leave, for who would want to leave this? This paradise of feeling.
And the birds, the inventors and refiners of these fetters looked at each other and acknowledged, yes, this truly worked. We have built the perfect prison. 
:
They returned often with still more prisoners, all released into the stream of Earthly life, all soon caught in the web of procreation and it’s rewards, all soon oblivious of their eternal history or how they ended up here, focused as they were on this one thing, this one wonderful thing or making more.
For wherever the misty waves touched—ever produced by the ever thirsty Host—orderly life, or any semblance thereof, ceased as procreation took hold and place. Chaos ensued and spread and eventually threatened to take over and, in the end, destroy their carefully crafted prison.
Observing this, the birds realized they had succeeded a little too well, and made one major, and final, adjustment to ensure that the planet would not self-destruct. They induced in the Host a partial and specific amnesia: for eleven moons out of twelve he would not remember the pattern of the wave. For the twelfth moon memory would come storming back, making him again capable of slaking his thirst.
They knew that had they not, the planet would eventually rip itself apart with the making of ever larger species, and ever more avaricious hungers.
And so, for only one moon out of twelve the Host would emanate, would fill the entire surface if he so pleased (and he pleased), and reap the reward of then moon-long and constant procreation.
Again they observed for many many circles around the sun to see if the fetters—if only renewed one moon out of twelve—would remain strong enough to prevent escape—or prevent the though or desire of escape; and after a short eon they concluded, yes, the desire was now deeply enough implanted to linger beneath as such a need that no one even thought of leaving, that no one even wanted to think of leaving. And yet, order reigned for much of the solar cycle: species developed, man evolved, and cities were built: orderly and fair, but for that one month each year when things sprung into uncontrollable frenzy.
:
When the young intergalactic bird arrived back from witnessing what he had seen in that distant galaxy, on that blue and white planet—that jewel set in blackest black—he had only one thought in mind, one purpose upon returning, one urgency: to warn others.
And to do so he applied for, and was granted, urgent audience with the elders, birds so old that lives of many planets strung together would not reach such age. And so he arrived, alive with discovery, expanded by expectation, for it is a good thing to bring such news, to warn his kind of danger, the better to ensure their survival.
And the elders received the youngling and they listened to his tale, and asked—out of politeness—questions about what the young bird thought of this, and of that, and he, the youngling answered and answered a little more concerned with each answer that he was not bringing about the pleased astonishment and gratitude and recognition of a deed well done that he had expected, even counted on.
Then the elders asked no more question, and to a bird fell silent. For an age. Then the oldest of the elders sighed and said:
“We know.”
The young bird did not understand. How could they possibly know?
And so he was told the shameful tale of their long ago prison—now left to its own devices—suffering still the yearly insanity of making more and more and more to slake the unslakable thirst of the Host, still imprisoned within, still without as much as a thought or hope or dream of leaving; still keeping every spirit of bountiful life bound to it by the same thirst, fed and fed again for one full moon out of every twelve.
All life, that is, except for trees.


::133::
Raphael descended/ascended (as if rising down and into) for another audience with the Host, reporting back.
Arriving again in His presence, this time the Raphael could not see Him, only sense, know, that he had arrived before, within, among, the Host.
This time all was light, a blinding, reverberating, filling light. Raphael hummed with it, with the Host, with the heart of Storm beating—now fully in Season. If not for the generous helping of bark he had inhaled just before stepping in to his spiritual elevator in answer his summons, he would have died from the intensity of the onslaught.
“You failed,” droned the Host. A million bees.
This was news to Raphael. “How have I failed?” he asked.
“The woman, the rebel. The ward of trees. She is still alive.”
“We left her dead,” replied Raphael.
“You left her for dead,” hummed the Host.
Raphael did not answer; instead he braced himself for what surely was to come. He had not failed the Host before, and feared that failure would mean death, or worse; or at least the end of tenure.
“No, no,” said the Host with a benevolent breeze. “You have served me faithfully and well. I know what you were told, and I know that you trusted this intelligence. It was an honest mistake. Besides, the aim has been achieved; this woman will not rebel again.” Then, as an aside, the Host added: “Though I would attend to those who lied to you.”
“I will,” answered Raphael.
With that the Host dismissed Raphael, as with a flick of an unseen hand: enough.
Raphael ascended—this time there was no question as to direction, he definitely rose, and up: through gravity so strong he felt as if he stretched and tore as he lifted, as if part of him had to, wished to, remain; through melted rock, through cooler stone, through earth and asphalt—to find himself in his office, once again in his body, grateful and very glad to be alive.
Then he called for Sharid. There were some liars to attend to.


::134::
Harry stayed with Harman-Karman for the better part of the afternoon.
He witnessed two more nurse-visits, both to check the vitals, as they called it, and to add a little more morphine—or whatever it was—to the mix.
He promised again, and again—as Harman-Karman implored him, then reminded him, again and again—to let Alwyn know that Harman-Karman was all right (a lie for a lie) and to tell her that Harman-Karman would be there, in San Francisco, with her as soon as he could. Not to worry.
Anything he could get him? Harry wondered as he prepared to leave.
“No, Harry, I’m fine.”
“I’ll be back tomorrow,” he said.
“See you then.”
“Yes, see you then.” And here Harry had this problem with tears again, as he took one last look at his friend looking right back at him before he made his well-controlled escape.
:
He spotted her out of the corner of his eye.
Passing recovery on his way out looking neither to his right nor his left, he still caught her: as if a soft tapping on his shoulder wanted to show him something, something vaguely and distantly familiar, something he would be interested in.
Something that at first made no connections at all but still rang of recent history.
Faintly.
He stopped, turned his head and looked again.
Could not for his life place the face.
Chaos or pre-chaos? So much had happened, so many rivers, so much Storm; one of the many actresses (which is what they called them) on the Storm channels?
Someone from the news?
A neighbor?
One of Harman-Karman’s friends?
A client from work?
A competitor from work?
Someone from some training class he’d attended, some conference, trade show, event?
Could not place the face. And yet, the more he absorbed its features, the more familiar (and recent) it grew.
Someone approached from behind and he turned his head to make sure he was not in the way: and that provided just the right angle, and then he knew where he’d seen her before: a supermarket.
Now it came flooding back to him: the one with no breasts to speak of, the one like a blond willow he could not take his eyes off, while Baudelaire rambled on in the background, or foreground, about hair. Tresses of.
The one Harry had tried to catch up to but then had been nowhere to be seen. Not at the end of any isle. Not in any isle, as he raced down them, checking each.
Not by the checkout counters. Plain gone. He had made another round of the entire store, certain—on some ludicrous level, he had told himself—that she was someone he had to see, speak to, touch. Oh yes, touch.
The one he had spotted then, a glimpse of at least, like a blur of blond beauty trembling on the air as the cab door slammed shut on the actual person. He had looked again: Yes, it was her. He could see her silhouette against the rectangular sky of the opposite back seat window. Like a very blond, but shaggier Mia Farrow—that was the thought, exactly.
Exactly.
She had turned her head then and looked straight at him, and was still looking in his direction as the cab pulled out and away.
The very here and now on the other side of that glass. And not doing too well by the looks of things. Fragile. Fragile willow.
Harry looked around, as if asking the corridor for permission, and since it didn’t say “no” he softly pressed the handle and entered the recovery room. Heard the door sigh then click shut behind him. It was quiet in here. There was the hum of the instruments. The gentle swishing of the artificial respiration apparatus, heaving and lowering her chest.
She was very pale. So pale it was as if she shone with some internal light, like a nightlight not meant to illuminate, just meant to keep darkness at bay.
Harry pulled up a chair (which noised so much he feared he might wake her, so he stopped pulling and instead lifted it, brought it to her bedside and gently returned it to the floor), sat down, and looked at hear, just looked at her. In profile now, dark tubes attacking that perfect outline, that beautiful Mia-Farrow outline that again brought willow to mind.
He didn’t hear the door open.
“Sir!” Very loudly.
His head swiveled involuntarily for the sound. The two faces recognized each other at the same time: Harman-Karman’s nurse (or whom Harry had come to think of has Harman-Karman’s nurse).
“Sorry,” he said. “I’m not supposed to be here, am I?”
“No,” she said. “You’re not supposed to be here.” Then, “Do you know her?”
“I recognize her.”
“But you’re not family?”
“No.”
“Too bad.”
“Why?”
“She’s just like your friend; no living relatives, none that we can find.”
“I’ll be her friend,” Harry heard himself say.
“What do you mean?” said the nurse.
He had no idea what he meant.
Then knew what he meant: “I’ll be next of kin.” Then added, “If you need one.”
The nurse, not pretty, but not ugly either, just very nurse, shook her head, but not in disapproval, more in disbelief. At this Harry person who seemed to frequent hospitals in order to adopt next-of-kins.
“It would solve a problem or two,” she said.
“Who is she?” said Harry.
“Her name is Lara West,” said the nurse.
“And why? I mean, what?”
“They left her for dead,” said the nurse.
“Who left her for dead?”
“The assailants.”
That’s all that really needed to be said.
“I’ll be her next of kin,” said Harry. With determination this time. 
:
He had not intended to stay the night, but as it happened he did.
Actually, he fell asleep in the chair, is what happened. Fell asleep, and stayed asleep for most of the night, although there were times he—still partially asleep—times he told himself he had to get up, and out of here, and return home, but he never made it all the way to the surface.
Not until now.
To open his eyes onto two very curious ones.


::135::
Lara’s darkness reluctantly let go.
Slowly, and with difficulty, as if air rising through dark thick-as-tar water, she made her way for the somewhere-up-there surface. A choice had been made. She had made a choice. She was here, still here, that had been the choice.
Her throat was parched; her belly ached with pain held barely at bay by diminishing morphine. Her nostrils hurt. Her head hurt, or should hurt, is how it felt. Her eyes opened onto barely discernible ceiling.
Her dirt bike in the shop, is what she thought next—or if not actually thought, sensed—fixed now, she was back on, riding it again. Usable again, or on its way there, though that would take a while, she knew.
Then that strange alarm sounded, the one that seems to know—even when you don’t—that you’re not alone in a room. She turned her head—and that did hurt, the tubes pulled her nostrils, and the thicker tube pulled her lips—and saw what had set off the alarm, the other presence in the room: a man. Asleep.
An untidy man, untidily asleep in the chair by her bed. A familiar untidy sleeping man. And without even having to reflect: she knew precisely where she had seen him before: the Pasadena supermarket.
He was the one who had studied her in the busy isle. And then again, from just inside the entrance, looking her way as her cab pulled out.
Then a similar alarm to hers seemed to go off within him, for he stirred then shifted, as if tapped on his shoulder or sensing a midge nearby, then opened his eyes and looked right at her.
For a silent second and then another.
“Who are you?” she said.
“Your next of kin,” said the untidy, now awake man.


::136::
“Who are you,” she said.
“Your next of kin,” said Harry.
“My next of kin,” she said, eyes widening just slightly, as if getting ready to frown, “I have no next of kin.”
“You do now.”
“You’re not serious?”
“Sort of.”
“How can you be sort of not serious?”
“I have no idea.”
The woman he now knew as Lara West winced as she shifted her head a little, the better to see him.
“Do they hurt?” he asked. “These, things.”
She didn’t answer right away, as if wanting to make sure to be truthful:
“That,” she said, “and everywhere else.” Stating a fact rather than whining. Lay of the land.
“I’ll get a nurse.”
And with that Harry was on his feet, and so fast that he lost his balance and fell back into the chair. Not gracefully. Succeeded on his second try, and went looking for a nurse.
Couldn’t find one and couldn’t find one then spotted a male nurse Harry had seen visiting Harman-Karman once or twice but was not on any sort of terms with. Harry ran over to him and clamored for his attention. The nurse was not so very pleased to be disturbed—could Harry not see that he was busy—but in the end followed Harry, having made sufficient and protracted nuisance of himself.
“Is she awake?” the nurse wanted to know on their way to recovery.
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you. She’s awake, and she’s in pain. And those tubes hurt her.”
“Okay, okay.”
They entered Lara’s room, nurse first.
Harry went over to his chair, but didn’t sit down. The nurse looked over the instruments (many dials and digital number which struck Harry like a rudimentary cockpit, say a glider), made a note or two. “How are you doing?” he finally asked her.
“Not well,” she answered, and certainly meant it.
“Just hang in there,” he said. “I can give you some pain medication.”
“That would be nice,” she answered, then looked over at Harry, if not apprehensively still not without concern.
Then, as the morphine made its rounds, with less concern.
“That better?” asked the nurse.
“Much,” she said.
“And you,” said the nurse, looking up at Harry. “How do you fit into this picture?”
“Next of kin,” said Lara.
“Next of kin,” repeated Harry after a quick glance in her direction.
“Next of kin,” said the nurse, as if having a little trouble keeping disbelief out of his voice. “You sure?”
“Of course,” said Harry.
“But you’re also Selby’s next of kin, are you not?”
“By default,” said Harry.
“And in this case? Brother? Husband?”
“By default,” said Harry again.
“By default,” said the nurse, looking at Lara. “Is that right?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” said Lara.
It was very late in the nurse’s graveyard shift, and there was still much to get done, this was not the time and place to make these odd pieces fit. “You sort this out with the day shift,” he said, looking straight at Harry, who then began to nod his head, yes, yes, he would do that.
“Personally, I don’t care,” said the nurse, “but if you’re to stay here, looking after you next of kin.” He didn’t complete the sentence. Just gave them each another quick glance, then turned and disappeared into the corridor.
“Next of kin,” said Lara, as if to herself. Then, to Harry, “Who is Selby?”
Harry finally sat down. “A friend,” he said. “A friend in trouble.”
After a brief pause, she asked, “He’s here in the hospital?”
“Yes, just down the corridor.”
When she didn’t answer, and then didn’t answer, Harry looked up to discover that Lara West had fallen back asleep, not quite smiling, but certainly no longer frowning.
:
Before Harry left the hospital he returned to check up on Harman-Karman, whom he found asleep as well. His two charges, he thought to himself, both asleep now, he could catch some himself; some real sleep.
With that he stepped out into the foggy dawn, and here, as if in stepping out from caring for others into careless air he was stripped of a shield, the Season hit him square on as a physical blow: jolting him as he faltered and reached out for something to steady him, to regain him balance, found nothing and almost stumbled, then did stumble; and so, with an instant and almost painful erection, made his way for his car, reeling from the furious onslaught of a jealous Earth.


::137::
Harry’s Pine noticed the change, had noticed the change over the past several days. While Harry was source and recipient both of true and selfless love for Harman-Karman, he stood too close to himself to notice how much distance he had traveled.
Harry’s Pine did not have that problem.
Nor did he have a problem sensing Harry falling prey to renewed and fervent Earthy fingers groping searching finding bending piercing shattering every last fragment of his crumbling shield. He was in a bad way.
Very.
Which is when Harry’s Pine did something he for one did not know himself capable of, and for two had never even considered trying—it was, by long standing code, if not forbidden, then at least unheard of: he turned Harry into tree.
At least that is how they both saw it in retrospect.
This is how it happened: 
:
Harry was lucky to make it all the way home without major incident or accident (he did scrape the left front fender on a stalled garbage truck of all things—should have been large enough to avoid, you’d think). Approaching the latter part of the Season, the streets had grown nearly impassable, and maneuvering toward home felt to him like negotiation a war-zone.
Turning onto Catalina Avenue it was all Harry could to do steer and aim. He managed to—of a fashion—find and dock the car in his driveway, then locate the ignition key and kill the engine, before he just had to, before even leaving the car, right here and now.
Images were air were thick with images, thick and sweet and so full of, this is what he breathed as he fumbled to liberate and gain access to the pulsating and impatient erection that—literally—threatened to explode.
Seized it with both hands, and.
And found himself dipped, whole, in the coolest water he’d ever felt. Not cool as chilling, but cool as refreshing, as surprising, as invigorating, as cleansing.
“Certainties,” he thought, surprising himself further, “breathe with their own air, are the air they breathe.”
“Certainties,” he thought again, surprising himself ever further, “breathe with their own air, are the air they breathe.”
He let go of his little flagpole and looked around for the source, the voice that did the thinking; for although the voice was his own, it was not his own—if indeed it was a voice at all; which didn’t make any sort of sense to him, but still.
Nothing to be seen.
He looked yet again, for the words still rang—vibrant and alive—part echo part sustain, part silence in which their meaning dwelled. Nothing. Just him and his now wilted erection.
He made himself decent, got out of the car, and looked again.
Up the street, and down, back at his house, across the street. Trees on the other side of the street, trees his side of the street, Harman-Karman’s Juniper and Elm—it was as if they were looking back at him—holding their breaths.
Turning, looking at his Pine, his towering Pine which indeed was—this was a certainty which breathed its own air—looking back at him.
“Harry,” it said.
:
Which is when Harry knew that he had to wake up.
And couldn’t.
And tried again to.
And couldn’t.
“Harry,” his tree sang again inside his head, which a voice that was no voice and still said in that no voice more than a voice could possibly say: I know you, it said, I know you Harry, and I have known you for many years, and knowing you I am your friend and although this may be unexpected, to me as well as to you, it is nonetheless true, and you have nothing to worry about, you’re not going crazy, you’re not dreaming, for yes, this is indeed taking place.
Not in so many words, in just the one word, in fact, the one word he now heard for a third time:
“Harry.”
And which he finally answered, tentatively, “Yes.”
And answered again, for his lips had not moved, so he knew not whether he had indeed answered or not. “Yes.”
Still his lips did not move, and his arms felt a little like branches. His feet a little like roots, the rest of him like trunk and crown. And then he had to laugh, and did, lips moving.
“Harry,” said the tree, again.
“Yes.”
“I’m not sure what to make of this,” said the tree. “This is most perplexing.”
“Perplexing would be one way of putting it,” said something else, from about where Harman-Karman’s house stood, and Harry turned to look.
Harry’s Pine made a noise that may have been a name, that may have been a warning, and from the same direction came this same other voice: “Sorry.”
Harry turned to face his Pine again. “You’re not sure,” he said. “I haven’t been so unsure in my life.”
But that wasn’t true. He was sure, that was the strange point of all this. He was certain this was taking place. “Maybe not unsure,” he said. “Most perplexing is a better way to put it, I agree.”
“Most perplexing,” said Harry’s Pine.
“Most perplexing,” said Harry. Then, a question with an obvious answer: “You talk?”
“We talk,” said Harman-Karman’s Juniper.
“Please,” said Harry’s Pine.
“But we do,” said the Juniper.
“Enough,” said Harry’s Pine, and Harry sensed that he/she/it got the point and butted out of the conversation.
“How is?” said Harry, having no real idea how to complete that sentence.
“This possible?” said Harry’s Pine, doing the honors.
“Yes.”
“I am not sure myself,” said his Pine. “I’ve never actually thought it possible.”
“But it is, right? This is happening?”
“Assuredly,” said the Pine.
Harry sat down on his porch, looked up at the towering tree which did indeed seem to look down on him, vast and friendly.
“You managed to,” said Harry, meaning to make a reference to his now distant erection, but not knowing how, precisely, to put that.
“Yes, I did. Or, you did.”
“It’s peaceful,” said Harry.
To which no one answered. And that in itself was an answer.


::138::
When Lara awoke she was certain it had been dream.
This man she had noticed in the supermarket noticing her appearing beside her sleeping in a dreamed chair beside her dreamed bed and claiming to be her dreamed next of kin.
She put some of it down to the morphine, some of it to the pain that the morphine still waged battle with, and not so successfully—which is probably what had woken her: an ache, deep and very personal where one of her kidneys should have been; and a darkness, a crevice of threat where they had opened her to remove things, a tightness, a scream of skin.
Things: she remembered. Things, not her. Part of her, but not part of her. Removed. She had seen it all from the outside.
The nurse had wheeled her in.
To make the choice: Stay or go. Those were her options.
Why hadn’t she gone? The door had stood wide open, the path plain in view: thataway. Why had she decided to stay?
And she remembered that too. She didn’t know where to go. The door had stood wide open, but leading to nowhere, or everywhere—which when you are homeless is the same as nowhere. Fear of the unknown, then. Not that she was afraid—she was not one to scare easily—but afraid? Did that even have meaning here? Bodiless, and through that door, that was a little beyond afraid.
Besides, the thing, the things, the remaining, unremoved things, these things were still alive. She couldn’t just leave. Well, that was just it: she could have left; the door had stood wide open.
She had taken them back, the things, her things. Her dirt bike.
And then dreamed, surely.
A nurse appeared by her side, not smiling. Asking. She answered. The nurse made notes and then made her feel better again.
Even so, the scar, though mute, still screamed. And the hole where her kidney had been remained irritated, complaining.
She fell asleep again, discomfort fading. And slept, dreamlessly at first, until the nurse touched her shoulder gently and she surfaced and looked up at the non-smiling face:
“Your next of kin is here to see you,” said the nurse.
But that was just another dream.


::139::
When Harry awoke he was certain it had been dream.
His Pine, the tall Ponderosa in his front yard had spoken to him, by name. Known him well and been as perplexed as Harry.
Perplexed.
The word rang bells. Loud, clear bells.
Had been as perplexed as Harry.
A very vivid dream.
And then he noticed the stillness. The peace.
Into which Vixer walked, not wagging his tail. Un-pleased, and very hungry. Would not even lick his hand, when Harry offered it to him.
Not at all pleased by Harry’s obvious neglect.
Harry knew how to fix that, however; rose, fed him, then fed him again: Friendship restored.
And then he re-noticed the stillness.
Inside: the stillness of a forest lake; smooth reflections on the surface of deep motionless water. Even Vixer, now that the essentials were taken care off, looked a little bemused. Too calm here, something’s not right—no, wouldn’t say not right, would say very different, would say very right. Vixer looked up at Harry, took another look around, what gives?
Peaceful.
Harry sat down in his living room. Followed Vixer’s lead and looked around. Then back at memory: of course it had been a dream.
Or not.
“Are you there?” said Harry. Or thought. Voiced, somehow.
“Yes,” said Harry’s Pine.
Which is when Harry, awake now, and with a long, refreshing sleep under his belt, senses and sensibilities all re-gathered, should have panicked.
But didn’t.
It felt so very natural, this very impossibility did. As if it had been his, had been within him all along. Familiar.
“How?” began Harry again.
“I still don’t know,” said Harry’s Pine.
Outside—whether outside the walls of his house or outside the ramparts of his, of his what? treeness?, Harry wasn’t sure—the Storm raged. The image of an indestructible lighthouse holding firm in the face of raging storm came to mind. Safely inside, looking out at the Storm’s inability to, at the Storm’s rage at being unable to.
“Are you doing this?” said Harry, and Harry’s Pine seemed to know just precisely what he meant.
“No,” said Harry’s Pine, after a brief reflection. “I believe you are.”
“How am I doing this?” said Harry.
“That’s what’s so perplexing,” said his Pine. “I don’t know.”
“He has become a tree,” said something very tall.
“Stay out of this,” said something shorter.
“You too,” said something else.
“Please,” said Harry’s Pine. Then to Harry, “There’s not much privacy on this wavelength.”
But even that felt familiar, and Harry, watching Vixer still look around for the source of this stillness, could only nod.
“You do exist?” asked Harry after a long span of quiet wonder. Not so much a question as just something to say, to confirm things. To hear him speak again.
“I do exist,” said his Pine. “As do they.”
And Harry knew who they were. The word economical—or the concept economical—came to mind. A little too loudly, perhaps, for his Pine said, “Yes, at times there’s not much explaining needed.”
“It’s a tree thing,” said Harry.
“It’s a tree thing,” confirmed his Pine.
“And I’m in on it.”
“And you’re in on it.”
“Amazing.”
“That’s an understatement.”
“What do I do with this? Can others, too?”
“I don’t know, to the first, and I don’t think so, to the second.”
“It’s very peaceful,” said Harry. For that was the most stellar of all things. “As if the Season didn’t exist.”
“For us, it doesn’t,” said his Pine. “Never did.”
:
Harry rose and walked to the window; pulled the curtain aside to look for what he perceived as the faint though constant scream of need. As if the muffled voices of millions had joined as one anguished murmur. As if the murmur needed shape, as if he could see it.
And see it he did—and saw what he had always expected to see—a miasmal mist roiling, tendrils thirsting, twisting, prying, reaching, finding, entering, filling, all the while crying with a million voices joined as one.
Could his Pine hear this?
Could his Pine tell he was wondering precisely that?
“Yes, to both,” said his Pine, “but only because I’m paying attention.”
“You have a choice,” said Harry. It was not a question.
“The choice is yours, ours.”
“How come you are not affected by the Storm?” said Harry.
“That’s a long story,” said his Pine.
“I’d like to hear it,” said Harry.
And so Harry’s Pine—with a detail here and there offered by Harman-Karman’s Juniper and Elm (which Harry’s Pine didn’t seem to object to), and even the occasional nod in agreement by the tall one, the Canary Island Pine down the block—related what all trees at heart knew (and which, strangely, struck Harry more as a reminder than a telling) about original choice.
By the time the telling was over, Vixer was hungry again, and was being quite vocal about it.
Harry, ever a dog’s best friend, obliged.


::140::
“Your next of kin is here to see you,” said the nurse.
Lara opened her eyes upon yet another deceptive layer of sleep; though this one refused to open onto yet another.
And there, as she slowly turned her head, there he was, that man she had seen at the supermarket.
“How’re you feeling?” said the dream, or the nurse, one of them.
“Not sure,” said Lara, looking back at the nurse. “You tell me.”
And she didn’t lie. She was not sure. All she could tell was that major and complicated restoration was taking place below the surface; major repair that she knew was generating unfelt, though impatient to make itself known, pain. An abdominal stampede for survival.
“Am I in bad shape?” asked Lara.
“You’re going to be fine,” said the nurse.
“Am I in bad shape?” repeated Lara.
“You’ll survive,” said the nurse.
Not so distant memories clamored for access. Men in black. A fading through hurt. “How bad was it?” said Lara, with sufficient intent to leave the question unequivocal.
“Pretty bad,” said the nurse. “We had to operate.”
“And?”
“We’ve patched you up.”
“And you are saying I’ll survive?” It was meant to sound offhand, but the question still took to the air anxiously.
“You will survive,” confirmed the nurse.
And since this was probably all dream anyway, again she tried to wake up all the way, and again she failed. So, perhaps, then, she was awake.
She turned to face the man from the supermarket again, and would not have been surprised as finding no one; still, there he was.
“And you?” she said.
“And me,” he said.
“You are?” said Lara.
“Harry Oates.”
“You’re not next of kin,” said Lara.
“No I’m not,” he said. “But I’m here if you need one.”
“I think I’m set,” said Lara. “I have Helen and Larry.” And as she heard herself say that she knew that to be true. Helen, she had to let Helen know.
The Nurse, all interest now for more detail, wanted to know: “Who are Helen and Larry? Are they next of kin?”
No, they weren’t were they? Lara tried to focus, but there was this battle raging below, the distraction in white hats—diminishing morphine—fighting the distraction in black hats—pain regaining ground—and the fracas clamored for her attention. Helen and Larry? No, finally, for sure: they were not next of kin, Helen was her boss.
“Helen’s my boss,” she said. “I work for her.”
“Helen who?” The nurse wanted to know. “Do you have a number?”
“Suffolk,” said Lara.
“Helen Suffolk?”
“Yes.”
“Do you have a number for her?”
That was a good question. She went looking for it, but it wouldn’t come. Instead, gaining the upper hand now, and driving around at will inside her, pain intercepted any attempt at an answer.
“It really hurts,” said Lara.
“I know,” said the nurse. “I’ll check with the doctor.” Added, “Don’t go anywhere,” and left.
“Helen Suffolk,” said the man.
“Yes.”
“Do you want me to call her, let her know?”
An excellent question. But, though she tried again, she could not recall her number, and besides, she and Larry would be busy, too busy to answer, surely, this was—wasn’t it?—still Season.
“Is the Season still going?” said Lara.
“Yes. A couple of more weeks.”
“They won’t answer.”
“I can try,” offered the man whom Lara still was not completely certain was not at least part dream.
“Please don’t,” said Lara, but not in response to his offer, in response to a pain who now seemed to have finished its count to one hundred and ready or not, here it came looking for her.
“What do you mean?” said the man, a little confused. She faced him, took in his face. Dreams didn’t confuse like that, did they?
What did she mean? Then she found it: “What I mean is, are you actually for real?”
“Pretty much,” he said.
“You were at the supermarket,” she said then. “I recognize you. You were looking at me in the isle, and then again as my taxi left, weren’t you?”
“Guilty as charged,” said the man who had called himself Harry Oates.
“What?”
“Yes.”
“Yes, what?”
“Yes, you saw me in the supermarket isle and you saw me again driving off in the cab.”
“You were looking for me,” she said. “I could tell.”
Again, he said, “Guilty as charged.”
“And you’re definitely not a dream?” said Lara.
“No, definitely not a dream.” Then, as another internal upheaval sprung to life in a fresh shower of hurt, “Where’s that damned nurse?”
Instead of answering, the man who called himself Harry Oates left, nearly running. She could hear his footsteps take off down the corridor.
Only a few moments later new footsteps approached from an opposite direction, and opened the door. Nurse plus doctor. A different doctor. Still concerned though. Wanted to know how she was doing.
“Hurts like hell,” she said.
The door swung open and Harry returned.
The doctor turned, “Who are you?”
When Harry didn’t answer, and when the nurse didn’t answer, Lara said, with a strange sense of déjà vu, “Next of kin.”
“Ah,” said the doctor. “Fine.”
“You found him,” said Harry to the nurse. Meaning the doctor.
“Who?” said the nurse, then caught Harry’s meaning: “Yes. Yes, I did.”
The doctor unveiled Lara’s abdomen, discolored and angry, a long scar burning its way from north-west to south-east. The doctor touched it, lightly, and Lara swore.
“Sore,” said the doctor.
“Brilliant guess,” said Lara.
“Believe it or not,” said the doctor, “this looks good. It’s healing fine.”
“Glad to hear it,” said Lara. “But it hurts. Could you please do something about it?”
The doctor seemed to go away looking for words. “We’ve given you a fair amount of morphine,” he said. “I cannot give you too much more right now. You’ll build resistance.”
“So, let’s out-shoot the resistance.”
“You’ve survived an attack,” said the doctor. “We’re not going to kill you with morphine.”
“I can take it,” said Lara.
“No doubt,” said the doctor, then turned to the nurse and gave her some numbers. Then, to Lara: “I’ll be back later to check on you.”
Lara didn’t know what to say, so said nothing.
“You’re going to give her something, though? Right?” said her next of kin Harry to the nurse.
“Yes,” working a syringe into the IV. “Though not too much. You heard the doctor.”
And with that the battle raging quieted a little, but still raged. Still raged.
“That’s the best you can do,” said Lara after the promise of relief seemed to remain promise.
Which the nurse ignored. “I’ll check back in an hour.” Then the nurse turned to Harry, “Now, I’m confused: Are you or are you not next of kin?”
“Not really,” said Harry.
“I want him to stay,” said Lara.
“Friend then,” said the nurse.
“Friend,” said Lara.
“Friend,” said Harry.
“And your boss?”
“Harry Oates, here, will call her,” said Lara. “Won’t you?”
“Sure,” said Harry Oates.
:
The promise graduated to a little more than one and the pain receded some more, though the battle definitely raged on: something that said it should hurt, in fact had a right to hurt, and would not be ignored. Lara tried to ignore it. Focus elsewhere. On Harry Oates, here, for example.
Who had sat down in the bedside chair, and then she remembered: “You slept in that chair,” she said, as if at a discovery.
“Sure did,” said Harry.
“What are you doing here, Harry Oates?” she asked him, and probably not for the first time.
“I was here seeing my friend, when I saw you.” He indicated the glass wall, right through there; I could see you through there.
“Selby?”
“You remember?”
“Vaguely. How is he?”
Harry was so long in answering that Lara knew: not well.
“He is,” Harry said, but did not manage the next word.
But Lara really did want to know, “He is what? How?”
“He’s paralyzed. Won’t move again.”
“Wow,” said Lara, more to herself.
“Ever,” said Harry.
“Wow,” said Lara again, and actually reached for Harry’s hand, something which made her abdomen scream, her face grimace, and her mouth swear. Her hand didn’t make it all the way.
“Man,” she said. Then to Harry, “Never?”
“No.”
“Have you seen him today?”
“He’s sleeping.”
“What happened?
“To Harman-Karman?”
“That’s his name?”
“Yes.”
“What happened to him?”
“It’s a long story.”
“I’ve got time,” said Lara. True enough.
And so Harry told her as much as he knew. He had Lara’s full attention throughout; she even forgot the battle raging. She had survived, Alwyn Moore certainly had not. Nor, really, had his friend, Harman-Karman.
When Harry had stopped talking, and seemed to be studying her blanket, Lara again reached for—pain be damned—and this time took Harry’s hand.
“You really like your friend, don’t you?”
“Yes,” Harry let go of the blanket and looked at her. “Yes, I really do.” Then, “It’s really, really fucked up.”
“And you?” said Lara, still holding his hand.
“Me? Oh, I’m fine. It’s just so damn awful to see, you know,” and didn’t complete the thought.
Harry, as if he had just discovered that he was holding her hand in his, and not knowing precisely what to do with it, gently put it back, thanks for the loan, appreciate it. Very gently though, and careful to avoid anywhere she might be hurting. Very gently. Lara noticed this and really appreciated the gesture. 
:
“And you?” said Harry after a while. “What happened?”
That was the question of questions. One which lurked behind locked or not so locked doors. She wasn’t exactly sure what had happened, and not sure she really wanted to know.
But Harry Oates here seemed concerned, and he did want to know.
She took the plunge into recent memory: “Men in black,” she said. “There were four of them, I think. They.”
“They,” she tried again.
“Don’t worry about it,” said Harry.
“I lost it after a while,” she said. “It was like drowning, drowning into the violence. All of them, I lost count.”
“Don’t worry about it,” said Harry again.
“Then they untied me and left. They thought I was dead.”
Harry said nothing, this time reaching for her hand in turn. She started at the touch and withdrew it, to keep it out of harms way—at the moment no hand’s to be trusted.
“I think I was dead,” she said after some silence. “At least for a while. I saw myself from the outside. Yes, I’m sure I was dead, or I was sure I was.”
Harry again reached for her hand, slower this time, as if not to startle hers, and this time she neither alarmed nor denied him the touch.
“From the outside?” said Harry.
“Yes.”
“Floating?”
“Sort of.”
“I’ve had that,” said Harry.
“From rape?”
“No. Not from rape. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to compare.”
“From what then?”
“From, well, the Storm.”
“I don’t understand.”
Harry took back his hand, as if he’d need both hands to himself to put things together in an understandable way and continue. “It’s happened a couple of times,” he said. Then fell silent, studying his two hands, both still there.
“I was in the middle of,” then he hesitated again, unsure how to go on.
“The Storm?”
“Yes, but on my own.”
Ah, now she had the picture.
“Venting,” she said, and couldn’t help smiling at finding the word.
“Venting,” he said, embarrassed.
“What happened?” she said.
“One moment I was, you know, and the next I’m looking at myself—no, not at myself, for it was myself doing the looking, I was looking down at my body which no longer seemed like me, more like something that belonged to me.”
“Like a dirt bike?”
“Like a dirt bike?”
“Sorry, don’t mind me. Please go on.”
He seemed to regroup, then set out again: “I was looking down at it, this thing, this dirt bike, I guess, yes, this thing of mine, looking down at it. It was mine, but I was free of it, free to look at it from outside. Ascended.”
“Ascended?”
“That’s how it felt. Yes”
“Just like Jesus?” she said, remembering the nuns.
“Yes, or like the Buddha.”
“I’ve heard of him,” said Lara.
“He ascended, too, permanently.”
“Buddha did?”
“Yes.”
“Do you really believe that?”
“Oh, yes. I do.”
After a short silence, “Did he have help?”
“How do you mean?”
“Trees. I think I mean trees? Did trees help?”
“I don’t know. Why do you say trees?”
“So he didn’t have help?”
“He sat under a Bodhi Tree when it happened, when he ascended. That’s the legend.”
“Perhaps the Body Tree helped?”
“Bodhi.”
“What?”
“It doesn’t matter. I don’t know if it helped or not, the books don’t say anything about that.”
“Bet you it did,” she said, remembering—and in the memory almost visiting; it was as if they were calling her, looking for her—the glade.
Harry was looking at her as if trying to make up his mind about something. She waited for a few heartbeats, then asked, “Then, what happened?”
“Then, my body became a vacuum cleaner,” he said.
“Sucked you in?”
He looked up at her, a little startled: “Precisely.”
“Mine sucked me in, too. Drowned me.”
Harry nodded. “Good word for it.”
“Drowned?”
“Yes.”
“Do you know about trees?” he then asked.
She didn’t answer for so long, he repeated the question. “You know about trees?”
“Yes,” she said. “I know about trees.”
He was waiting for more, but now she was torn: between explaining and listening, for she thought she could hear them calling, and she needed the quiet in which to listen. And besides, somewhere down there the pain was coming on again, filling her slowly with a warm undercurrent that despite the morphine, or perhaps because of the morphine, struck her as Storm, or a very close relative.
She would not elaborate, not right now; and perhaps—she got that feeling—he understood.


::141::
To say they missed her would be an overstatement, but to say that they now felt slightly less than complete without her would not be a lie.
Grudgingly, over the years, the trees of the glade had come to accept their role as protector of the finely wrought human on the noisy machine. This year they had not only expected her, but—again grudgingly—looked forward to her arrival. They had even gone so far as to clear a path—brother wind lending a hand, of course—from the end of the dirt to the mouth of the cave, and had also pressed him into sweeping the cave floor for her—promising who knows what in exchange for such a demeaning task. To top things off they had then scattered a fine carpet of pine by the cave mouth as a welcome mat.
Feeling pretty good about themselves, and smiling—if trees indeed do smile—at each other: she’ll be surprised, yes, and happy about this. A nice welcome.
Then the Season arrived. They saw the mist roll past, suffocating the earth into ecstasy and moving on for the coast, through and away—though staying too, as usual—but there arrived no finely wrought noisy human.
And then no finely wrought noisy human.
And then no finely wrought noisy human.
For many days the tallest of the forest elders extended himself for miles and miles in an effort to sense her, find her, but nothing, nothing at all.
And they didn’t even know her name.
But it is a curious thing about trees, and about calling those you know: really, you don’t need the name, for it is but a label after all, all you need is the image of the person, that indelible impression the person has made on you, for that is who she truly is. And so, when more than half the Season had passed, and still no sign of their finely wrought noisy human, first one, then another, and then a tall choir of pines—surprising themselves in the process—called out for her, deeply, darkly, spreadingly, telling her simply to come, knowing in their hearts that she was imperiled, for what human, in the throes of the Storm, was not in harms way.
Droningly the nameless impression that was Lara spread farther and farther, across water and desert and field, down slopes and up hills, down highways and streets to finally reach walls that stood powerless to keep it out—for they too hummed now with the call, and hummed up girders and risers, through floors and glass, to finally reach the ear that recognized itself in the drone, in that distant choir, and so ceased what else it was doing and held its breath to listen, and again, what was this? To then hear, clearly, their call and so remember, remember where she should have been but was not: her sanctuary for all these years.
And that is how she finally came to share with another human being what she was fairly sure was hers, crazily unique one of a kind.
Her trees.


::142::
“Do you know about trees?” he asked, from a strange feeling that she did.
When she didn’t answer he asked again.
She finally answered, “Yes. I know about trees.”
But would say no more.
“You do?” he asked.
But she would still—for reasons he had no right to inquire about—say no more. Instead he saw what was less a smile than a visible sigh light her face. Then she closed her eyes and actually, faintly, smiled.
In the silence that followed Harry thought he could hear a distant drone, as if a star-choir had formed many lives ago, their voices just now arriving. No, not really hear, but vibrate with, almost see. And Lara, now that he studied her in the soft light, was definitely smiling, and smiling, until suddenly the smile ceased and she opened her eyes and turned to him, not recognizing him at first, he could tell, then did: “It really hurts,” she said.
“Shall I get the nurse?”
“Yes, that too,” she said, hurting with some deeper hurt.
The nurse was nowhere to be found, nor was the doctor. Harry wasn’t even sure whom to ask the nurses’ station for; whomever was treating Lara West is what it came down to.
They, in turn, would love to be more helpful, really, but as he could see they were inundated with new and more critical arrivals.
No denying that.
Harry took another round of the floor to see if he could spot Lara’s nurse or doctor and finally did—the doctor—busy administering to some who was bleeding, rivers. Not to be disturbed.
He returned to Lara’s room.
“Sorry,” he said as the door shut behind him.
To no reply.
Stepping closer he saw that Lara West—willowy girl who said she knew about trees—had fallen asleep.
Harry sat down and watched her for a while. Her resemblance to a young Mia Farrow struck him again. She worked her mouth slowly, as if speaking in her sleep, and her eyelids twitched on occasion. She was a very beautiful girl, woman, willow, Harry couldn’t quite make up his mind which.
Then he rose and left to visit Harman-Karman. 
:
Who was awake.
And who asked Harry, the moment he saw him, “Any word from Alwyn?”
Harry, sure to stay within Harman-Karman’s range of vision, shook his head. “No,” he said. “Nothing so far.”
“Have you called the station?” asked Harman-Karman.
“Yes,” Harry lied.
“And they don’t know?”
“If they do, they’re not telling,” said Harry.
Harman-Karman thought about that for a while, then said, “They would say that, of course. To keep her safe.”
“My thought exactly.”
The silence that ensued was not at all awkward. Harry pulled the chair closer to Harman-Karman’s bed and sat down. His friend was perspiring slightly, as if immobilized living was an effort all on its own. He had never really paid attention to Harman-Karman’s profile before, but now, seeing it so still, and glistening a little, it struck Harry as roman. A Caesar, regal.
“I don’t want her to worry,” said Harman-Karman.
“About what? You?”
“Yes.”
“Well,” Harry ventured. “She should worry about you. There’s a fair amount to worry about.”
“I don’t want her to know,” said Harman-Karman.
“She doesn’t.”
“She needs to know that I’m alive, but not that I’m damaged.”
“You still have a way with words,” said Harry.
“Damaged?”
“Yes.”
“Well, I am.”
“A tad off optimum, perhaps.”
“How much more damaged can you get, short of death? Do you have any suggestions?”
“You still have all your, your pieces,” said Harry.
“Useless now.”
“And all your wits.”
“Pretty useless to me as well.”
“I wouldn’t go that far.”
“So, Harry, how far would you go?”
Wanting this conversation to take a different tack, Harry said, “You are still in working condition. Your body is fucked up, is all.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re still the Harman-Karman I know,” he said. “And love,” he added, meaning it—and saw that his friend knew so too. “Nothing’s happened to you the person.”
“The person of Harman-Karman has been nailed to the floor, Harry. He is now at the mercy of strangers.”
Harry had no idea how to answer that, so didn’t.
“Try to find Alwyn,” said Harman-Karman after yet another pause.
“I will,” promised Harry. “Is there anything else I can do?”
Harman-Karman was about to come back with some quip or other but could not rise all the way to the occasion, which in a strange way hurt Harry more than anything else; a spark had gone dark, or at least dim. His friend, though alive and with all of his faculties intact, was fading.
:
On his way out of the hospital Harry stopped by Lara West’s room again, on the off chance that she was awake now.
She was.
“You’re awake,” he pointed out.
“I’m aware of that,” she said.
“The nurse?”
“Stopped by, yes.”
“And?”
“Yes, just a little—we don’t want to build up too much resistance, now, do we?” Then, “Perhaps you can try calling Helen for me? Helen Suffolk, my boss. They would not bring me a phone.”
“Why on earth not?”
“Not yet, anyway.”
“Did you remember her number?”
“Yes.” She gave it to him. “Though they may not answer,” she said. “What date is it?”
“The ninetheenth.”
“Well, I doubt it. But if you wouldn’t mind trying, anyway. Let her know.”
“How much should I tell her?”
That earned him a frown and a glance. “To come and see me when she can. If she can. Just tell her to come and see me.”
“I can do that.”
Harry sat down, looked at Mia Farrow who looked right back at him. Not one for backing down, thought Harry. A very likeable thing. “You know about trees,” he reminded her.
“Do you?” she said.
“You could say that,” said Harry.


::143::
Lara wasn’t sure exactly what he meant by that, but she cared.
“You could say what?” she asked, looking straight at him.
“You go first,” he said.
Another wave of thinly masked pain rumbled through her—like the sudden shift of tectonic plates—and she winced. “Kristus,” she said.
The rumbling settled a little and the pain subsided. You go first, he said, something that struck her as both childish and very familiar, something a friend would say, someone you’ve bickered with but very much cared for.
And there he was, waiting for an answer, for her going first.
“There is this glade,” she began.


::144::
Harry wondered if his pine could hear this, had heard all she had told him, though something told him that he couldn’t—and strange that he should think of him as he.
“And now,” she said, “just moments ago, I had the feeling they were calling me.”
“A drone,” he said, for that was precisely what sprung to mind.
Her eyes widened a little at that, and she began to say something, then began to say something else, then said instead, “Who are you, Harry Oates?”
“It was a drone,” he knew, said.
“It was a drone,” she confirmed.
And in the distant distance it was still a drone. “And still is,” he said.
“It is,” she said. “I think they might even miss me.”
“They might at that,” said Harry. “Though they don’t strike me as too emotional, at least my Pine doesn’t.”
“Your pine?” Then she shifted a little, as if re-arranging discomfort, the better to hear his answer. Which made its way out of him thus:
“Certainties breathe with their own air, are the air they breathe.”
“That,” she said, “is true, and very well put.”
“My Pine said that,” said Harry.
And here came another of her patented frowns (he could not help but admire that look, it struck such a nice chord in him)—which brought and settled two small vertical creases between her eyebrows—along with her scrutiny, the unwavering gaze, right in your face—as they say: was he kidding, or serious. Had she heard him right?
“A Pine said that,” she said.
“A tall, Ponderosa Pine that lives on my front lawn.”
“Said that?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“How did he put it?”
“Certainties breathe with their own air, are the air they breathe.”
“Certainties breathe with their own air, are the air they breathe?”
“Yes.”
“That’s, that’s amazing.”
“Perplexing,” is the word he used.
“He?”
“The Pine.”
“A he, is he?”
“I was just wondering about that.”
“And you are telling me the truth, right?” Though he doubted that she doubted him.
“Yes, Lara, I am telling you the truth.”
“Perplexing,” she said.
And then Harry told her what he had discovered about trees.


::145::
In the California White Mountains, at about twelve thousand feet, a little apart from the others of his species, stands the oldest living thing on the planet.
The Bristlecone Pine—who didn’t think of itself as a Bristlecone Pine, who didn’t even think of itself as self, it simply was—was as surprised as Harry’s Pine at the exchange with the human; as surprised as Harry himself, indeed as surprised has he’d ever been at anything, and sensing that distant and unexpected exchange it knew with a certainty that indeed breathed its own air, that indeed was its own breathing, that things were finally changing.
Now, whether for the worse or the better, he didn’t yet know, he had to give that some thought.
Which could take centuries.
But which, in this case, didn’t.
The sun struck each needle of the ancient tree, and lit them each as if a fine, small candle. Basking thus in the morning—now heaving itself across the rim of distant eastern Earth—the Bristlecone Pine gave it some thought.
Some very distant thought.
:
He had not always been tree, this Bristlecone; a very long time ago he had been bird. A great galactic bird sailing galaxies so far away they could not even be seen from here, though whispering still in his direction.
He had been old even then, when approached by Eyevindrae, white-winged council elder. Approached and bid to follow.
There was a problem.
Well, not a problem, per se, but a non-optimum, is how she put it.
Inevar, for that was his bird-name, followed the old, though still very graceful bird; graceful but a little weary perhaps, age or worry or both taking the tiniest of tolls.
Inevar was a little weary too, for it may not, if rumors be heeded, be the safest of elders to be seen with just now: Eyevindrae was not long for dismissal, perhaps even execution—for treason—wagged salacious tongues. True or not, why take a chance? Yet, the invitation had brooked little refusal, and now he winged aside her, for her native planet, where all things loyal—there were no other things there—would wag no such tongue.
They landed by her estate and were greeted by a sizeable gathering of servants, advisors, friends. She nodded her approval (and dismissal) for soon the crowd dispersed in unseen directions, leaving them alone.
She settled in a field of turquoise grass, folded her wings about her and invited him to do the same.
He did.
“A great wrong has been committed,” she said.
“What great wrong?” Inevar asked?
“Earth,” she said.
“Earth?”
“The prison planet.”
The name, the term, the whisper, was not foreign to him; a dark destination, not hidden but certainly not flaunted, a fallen angel, a living gravity tentacled with self-created, unbreakable bonds: a dumping ground, known and feared though seldom voiced.
“The fallen angel?” said Inevar.
“The captured angel.”
“The living bond?”
“The desire to stay.”
“But it is a prison,” said Inevar. “And, from what I hear, a good one.”
“Be that as it may, it is not right,” said Eyevindrae. “It is too good. It works too well.”
“A prison,” said Inevar, “is built to prevent escape.”
Eyevindrae gave him a stern, perfectly lightless look. “Not one,” she said. “Over the many eons since the planet’s cooling, and after countless—they number in the billions now—deportations, not one single escape.”
“The designer is to be commended,” ventured Inevar.
“Not one single escape,” repeated the elder.
Who then let the import of the statement settle with Inevar: Not. One. Single. Escape.
Not one single escape.
This, of course—he had to admit—was unheard of, and hardly believable. For that’s the problem with spirits: they will always figure a way out; and that’s the problem with prisons and prisoners in general, they always do figure a way out. No matter how well built, spirits will always figure a way out.
But with Earth: Not one single escape.
Inevar finally saw.
And Eyevindrae saw that Inevar saw.
And then she said, “An inescapable prison is no longer a prison, it is a death.”
“Only the blind believe in death,” said Inevar.
“We have created death for the seeing,” said the older bird. “That is a great wrong.”
“Then,” said Inevar, for he saw now the magnitude of the crime thus committed, “you must undo it.”
“We do not know how,” said Eyevindrae. “That is the true offense. There is no way of undoing it.”
“Yet,” said Inevar.
“Yet,” agreed Eyevindrae.
“I, we, need your help.”
“Who are we?”
“Those of us who see the crime for what it is; not only grave injury caused those who we settle there, but an eventual threat to ourselves. If we can do this and deploy it against our rebels and enemies, they can, and will eventually, invent and deploy it against us.
Inevar saw.
“What would you have me do?”
:
Together Inevar and Eyevindrae had travelled across untold parsecs to arrive at the beautiful blue gem he would never have imagined a prison, slowly making its way around the glittering sun. Not such grace, not such blues and swirls of white, surely; how could something so beautiful?
They settled unseen on distant desert floor nestling between towering Western mountains, and Inevar—shedding first his feathered body and then, by ancient guile and skill of the elder bird, his memory—was now given the choice—for the rejection of these fetters must come from within, or it would never stand up to their onslaught.
It was the cruelest of tests, and one which Eyevindrae—for reasons of her own—had not fully explained to him.
“And if I choose wrongly?” is what he had asked on their way here.
“Then you are lost.”
“And if I don’t want to be tested?”
“Then we turn around this very moment.”
“I will be tested,” said Inevar.
And so, a little past the dawn of time (say a minute or two), as he stood, invisibly alive, as though just born, he was asked by the now distant voice of the elder bird to choose: mobility or immobility.
With mobility, he was told, came sex, with immobility came peace.
And the Giver of this choice? By then Inevar had no clear view of who or what it could have been, the one extending this officer, this ur-choice, which at its core, consisted of this: Animal or plant?
Eyevindrae (who had search long and hard for just such a candidate) had chosen well in Inevar, for even though she could never have been certain that he would, in the end—after many of his questions and after many of her answers—he rejected mobility in favor of peace.
And thus he became what he remained: the original custodian, the bearer of witness, the helper of spirits, the grower of trees.
:
After a while—in galactic terms—Inevar found that during the peaceful moons he could sometimes reach the recently dead before they were seized by and brought back into animal flesh—brought back as if driven by needs unknown to but nonetheless ruling the spirit. And he found that to those he could reach, he could pose the very question he had been asked: animal or plant?
Most of those questioned chose animal—no question about it, from the same urge that saw all others unquestionable. But many—not yet quite as tainted or dependent—would in the end choose plant, and so were born new trees: species guided and still grown by these spirits; spirits now happy and grateful to have been given a choice, though few truly remembered, or ever dwelled on such details.
As trees died away they, with very few exceptions, remained true to their roots and returned to rear and live as new specimen of their own strand of tree, and so trees proliferated and came to cover the earth.
:
The prison planet revolved on its axis, spreading days and nights across its beautiful surface, revolved around its sun, counting moons and years and eons in the process.
Inevar grew his original tree to an ancient age then departed to find himself seed again, then tendril, then root, then stem, then trunk, then branch, then tree.
And again.
And again.
And eons again.
Then found, after eons of casting his mind back, and seeing that focus could, and did, unlock the past—Eyevindrae’s spell perhaps also wearing a little thin—that image after image his memory returned to him, to beyond the ur-choice, to recalling and recognizing the Giver of Choice, to recalling the flight from home to this slowly spinning prison of the spirit. And he knew that with memory returned he was now ready to truly embark upon the task he had been given.
He found too, that with memory returned he had also regained the choice to leave at death of his current manifestation, and found too that each time the only possible choice, for him, was to stay, to bring yet another tree to maturity, to see yet another five thousand circles around the sun, to ponder for yet another eon, how best to effect the first escape.
And now that Harry’s Pine, much to his, and Harry’s, and Inevar’s surprise, had managed to turn Harry into tree, perhaps, perhaps, here was the birth of a key to that escape.

Part IV — Departure


::146::
There is a tribe of philosophers that are convinced that the answer to the Storm, to its origin, purpose, and eventual vanquishment is to be found in India. Or more correctly, in Indian history.
They—and today they probably number no more than a hundred in this country—are now and then as a group referred to as The Upanishads, often the cause of some consternation and confusion since the name given them is also the name of the writings they claim to hold all answers.
The Vedas—Upanishad forerunners, and so even more ancient—they claim, are simply ritual, is what the Aryan priests, the Brahmins, recited ad infinitum to remember their complicated sequences of events—rites too ancient already then to be understood, only mouthed, as exemplified by their three hundred seventeen steps for lighting a sacrificial fire—and as such not worth bothering with. Sacrificial routines would not conquer the Storm.
Now, the Upanishads, on the other hand—mostly dating from about 800 B.K.—they claim, probes what Thurman Wright once referred to as the celestial backgrounds of the Storm and other mysteries, and may indeed be the first written record of the Storm as Mystery.
According to The Upanishads (the group) the Upanishads (the writings) address two problems: the Storm as its own well defined insanity (their word); and life as its own mystery, which (again their opinion) tends to be forgotten in the madness of Stormy things and the need to resolve it.
Some Upanishads, specifically the Chintaka, deal directly and specifically with the Storm; while others, like the Kena or Katha, deal with life as its own mystery—before or after, below or above, pre- or superseding the Storm. The answer to the Storm, according to The Upanishads, lies not in the answer to the Storm, but in the answer to Life; the Storm for all its power and might and obvious there ness only being one of many manifestations of life, after all.
“Life is senior to Storm,” reads one of their more quoted views, and is also the title of their most famous tract—or tome, rather, it does go on—written in the late Eighteen Hundreds by Herman Poe, the then leader and revered spokesman for the much larger (some say they numbered in the thousands) Upanishads.
“Life is Senior to Storm” drew heavily on the Upanishads, and is seen by some as merely a translation (followed by interminable exposition of) the more celebrated Indian originals: The Kena, the Katha, and the Prashna. Poe, according to some, was well versed in Sanskrit; others—his foes, primarily—claim he in fact based his writings on a French translation of the Upanishads. Be that as it may, “Life is Senior to Storm” does hold true to its title and holds Life up as the source of all, good and bad, Storm included.
To quote from Poe’s translation of the Prashna:

After a year Kabandhi asked the sage:
“Master, who created the universe?”
The sage replied:
“The Lord meditated and brought forth prana
With rayi, the giver or name and form:
Male and female, so that they would bring
forth
Innumerable creatures for him.

Poe, who some say simply loved to hear himself think, expounds upon this verse for twenty some single-spaced pages, boring some to tears, but to those who actually look up and understand all his words (Poe was nothing if not literate) he brings out the—at least on the face of it—irrefutable truth: While the Storm may well appear to be the begetter of life, life is in fact the begetter of, and senior to, Storm.
The Lord (not to be confused with Kristus’ Father that art in Heaven), he points out, is never seen, has no substance but is the causer of the seen, the substance. Thus the Lord—which elsewhere is referred to, and more commonly so, as Brahman, the unseen all that manifests as the equally unseen Atman within each of us—by thought alone, brought forth Prana, the Sun, and Rayi, the moon, and man and woman, that they might bring forth innumerable creatures (as driven by the Storm).
Thus: Brahman created the Storm; Life created the Storm; hence, Life is Senior to Storm.
“Q.E.D.,” as Poe would have stated it, and indeed does, rather smugly, throughout the tract.
Whereas much of philosophy today focuses on the source and ultimate purpose of the Storm itself, The Upanishads instead focus on the mystery of Life, which, at the end of the day, may be the more fruitful pursuit.


::147::
The odd thing about the storm leaving is that very few people seem to actually notice it. You know, now it’s here, now it’s not sort of noticing it. Then again, perhaps it is not so odd, for few if any people are in any shape to notice anything by the end of the Storm.
And, to be honest—and that’s what I’m trying to be here—I must say that I didn’t notice it either, not the actual leaving, until I was neutered, for at the end of a long (and believe me, the Season is looong, I don’t care what the calendar says, thirty-one days, it claims, it might as well be thirty-one years) Storm there is very little attention left to spare; most, if not all, of it already spent, and some of it just now beginning to stir and think about resurrecting.
It leaves, you’re kind of aware of it, distantly, but there is no now it’s here, now it’s not feeling about it. Not at all. You’re simply too submerged—overwhelmed is perhaps a better word—to notice; you’re too entangled.
The first thing most people do once it’s over is sleep. That’s what I did too. Yes, you do get some sleep during the Season, of course you do, or you’d die, simple as that, but you certainly don’t get your full share. No matter how you spend the Season: you want to stay awake, as much as possible, you want to experience it. And that takes: awake.
So once it pulls back—and I think it does exactly that—most people fall asleep; probably for the first real peaceful, restful sleep in a month. Some sleep for days. I used to, I’ll tell you that.
To eventually wake up to a world—and I say a world since I must assume it’s the same all over—to eventually wake up to a world that lies in ruin. Not really ruin ruin, but which surely lies there, in smoking bits and smoldering pieces, destroyed enough to give you that impression; aftermath of war, perhaps—though I’ve never seen one first hand.
You wake up to this world where there’s garbage pretty much everywhere, and this year more than ever, I can’t remember it being so backed up before—and with the added garbage come added rodents, really, I haven’t seen so many rats in my life.
And then there are the stalled cars, the wrecks, the broken doors and windows, busted water mains, fired damage and more fire damage and more fire damage—that has to do with smoking they say, Stormed people are not too careful about where they put their cigarettes when.
Usually you also see a lot of dead animals (usually pets who ran out of food, even though most pet owners try to make provision for them in advance, before the Storm hits).
And you see dead people. A curious statistic is that there are more dead people on the streets at the end of the Storm than dead animals, which is a frightening fact. These are the once we didn’t find or pick up to have frozen (for later identification) or buried during the Season—most of them now in advanced states of decomposition, and making quite a stink. And attracting even more rats, as if we didn’t have enough.
It’s a real mess this year.
And there are the hurt ones who are still alive, moaning and asking for help if they see you.
And there are wild dogs rummaging for food among the spills, and cats, too; and here where I live near the mountain, raccoons, lots and lots of them. These little masked marauders literally have a field day throughout most of the Storm. As if it were made for them.
And, as I said, this year: lots and lots of rats.
More than I’ve ever seen.
:
But now, now that I’m neutered, I do notice: the Storm ending. For neutereds never get so entangled they can’t see. So once the Season’s over I don’t fall asleep. I guess that’s one of the perks of being neutered, you’re awake to watch a phenomenon where the rest of the world is asleep after the party—like being awake to watch a sunrise when everyone else have crashed on couches, in bathrooms, on floors, dead to the world (I saw that in a movie once). Like that.
And I can report that it ends the way it began: gradually like.
As a kid I loved seeing films play backwards. Don’t ask me why, I just did. I liked seeing the normal order of things defied, that was just fine by me, and very exciting. As if it opened doors to possibilities.
I remember a film, one of those artsy ones illustrating music, as I recall, where they showed a fog roll in—speeded up, first one tendril then another then the body itself, all milky and embracing, covering fields and hiding lakes; then the director for some reason—artistic, I guess—reversed the process, the fog changing its mind, sorry, and exposing again, field and lake and bottoms of trees. That’s how I picture the Storm retreating.
They say—those who care about these things—that the Storm pulls back and buries itself somewhere in Utah. I don’t know about that, but I can imagine it plainly enough: the fog pulling back like it did in that film, from the coast to the mountains and then off and away towards the inland states, Utah, Colorado, Nevada, who knows.
Sometimes I swear, I can even see it, with my real eyes, pull back—it’s the fog I was talking about, covering everything and then pulling back, leavings a sea of confused and not a little stunned victims (I think of them as victims, I do) in its wake, as if emerging from a strange hibernation, or more like a trance, to then promptly fall asleep from exhaustion. So in the throes of fever one second, erect and thirsty; dead calm the next, limp and harmless, as the Storm leaves you, on its way for cover, and you off to sleep.
I say I swear I can see it at times, but it’s more like seeing with other than eyes. It’s like seeing with the same thing that sees memory; some inner eye, I guess. Perhaps even the soul.
:
The big television news this year—and it’s all over the papers too, those they have managed to publish so far—is the Alwyn Moore burning. They showed it briefly in Season, or the Fox network did—I think the others refused, if memory serves—but now that the Season’s over it’s big news again. They warn you before they show it, but they still show it, which I find repugnant. I’ve only watched a little of it. I don’t have the stomach for it.
They say it’s Arrak. They’re quoted as saying “This is what happens to those who try to stop us.” That’s frightening, I think. Really.
It’s terrible.
The only station that still refuses to show the footage is KTLA, her old station; and good for them.
It’s really sad, I liked her, a lot. And that an outfit like Arrak should wield such influence, be capable of such amazing atrocity.
First all those nuns, and now this.
And that this is news, to show people.
There is something wrong with this world.
I can only shake my head.


::148::
Raphael had been expecting it. Had braced himself for it.
The Seasonal Review. This is how he thought of it, his annually calling to task (normally) for things the Host didn’t like, for things Arrak in general and Raphael in particular should have done better. And this year, with so much begun, and so much now at stake.
And the burnings.
Raphael was not sure that all had in fact gone well. Arrak was now too exposed, he felt. Things felt premature. Had the decision been his, he would not have brought Arrak out into the light; he would also have held off on the burnings, both the nuns and Alwyn Moore. But the Host was offended, and impatient. Not a good blend.
The call came the second day of April, the Storm barely retreated, the Host barely inhaling.
Not to exhale for eleven calm months.
This time there was no sense of falling, nor rising. The invitation first: get ready: consume your Juniper bark. Then the call, and when it came it was like a spiritual command: Here. Now.
And he was: There. Now.
The Host, this time in pleasant all white suit, complete with white socks and white shoes, even a white tie with is white shirt (overdoing a little in Raphael’s view—though the impression was undeniably suave), was lounging by what looked like a pool. But then He can conjure up what He likes and normally does.
“Raphael,” he said (or breathed—speech was not his strong point, or he couldn’t care less to perfect it).
“Yes,” he answered.
“You have seen to the liars.” It was a statement.
“Yes,” Raphael confirmed.
“Do you deem the burning effective?”
Since the image of a monastery in flames escorted the question, Raphael knew which burning he was talking about. Now, for honesty (for the Host could tell lies, of this Raphael was certain). “No,” he answered.
“Why not?”
“It may have hardened their resolve to deny the Season. They like and revere martyrs, these nuns, and may well want to honor their cause.”
“I see.”
“I think it will take a lot more burning.”
“Now that we have shown our hand.”
“Now that we have shown our hand.”
“Are you prepared?”
“We are preparing.”
“Ten convents.” As if the words carried delicious taste.
“Ten convents,” agreed Raphael.
“To herald the new Season.”
“As you requested.”
“And the smaller burning?”
“They are already showing it across the country, across the world. It is big news.”
“Is the message getting across?”
“That message is definitely getting across.” That was undeniably true.
“So all is good and well?”
“We will prepare for the next Season.”
“So all is good and well?”
“All is not good, and all is not well.”
“You regret the burnings?”
“I don’t regret necessity. But they were done in haste, that is my feeling. And I think that as a result we have steepened our hill.”
“But you are good climbers.”
“We will climb it.”
“Yes you will.”
“So all is good then, and well?”
“We will prepare for the next Season,” Raphael re-ventured.
“Do so,” said the Host, then released his grip on Raphael who found himself back in his office, relieved that the audience was over.


::149::
A week goes by, then another, and the gravity of things was gaining an upper hand with Harman-Karman. Harry could see that.
It was as if a different person was now slowly waking up to the disaster that had befallen him. To never again.
To never again be able to move a single finger, a single toe, much less an arm or a leg. Unable even to turn your head. Reduced to eyes, eyelids, lips, tongue and nostrils—which Harman-Karman grimly demonstrated to Harry: see, I can move them. Precious things now, for me, nostrils; on the very short list of movables.
But it wasn’t really Harman-Karman making a sardonic joke, it was someone who used to be Harman-Karman making a bleak matter-of-fact observation about the fucking stupidity of things—that’s how it came across to Harry: his friend so distressed he could no longer face being himself, or what was left of him.
How do you react to that? How do you help? How do you say something even remotely comforting?
Again, Harman-Karman flared his nostrils, see?
“I see,” said Harry.
“That’s it,” said Harman-Karman. “That’s what I’m reduced to: nostrils. Of course, my heart and my lungs show not the least sign of paralysis. I’ll live forever, apparently. The doctor let that one slip.”
A grim promise. One that brooked no comment, and Harry offered none.
“What am I going to do, Harry?” said his friend after looking at Harry for a long silence with unblinking eyes. “What the hell am I going to do?”
“First of all,” Harry listened to himself set out. “First of all we have to get you out of here. This,” he looked around the hospital room, “is depressing.”
“No,” said Harman-Karman, “this,” and then he flared his nostrils again, “is depressing.”
To which there really was no answer, was there?
“True,” said Harry. “But a change of scenery can’t hurt.”
At which Harman-Karman not so much chuckled as made a chuckling noise. “I need a change of scenery, all right. A real change of scenery.”
Harry didn’t like the tone of that. “What do you mean?”
“Do you know what I miss the most, Harry?”
“What?”
“What I miss the most and what I know I am going to miss more and more day by endless day?”
“No. What?”
“My Journal.”
“I can read it to you,” said Harry.
“I’m not talking about reading, Harry.”
“Of course,” said Harry, the meaning—and the full range of the meaning—catching up with, or he catching up with it. “I’m sorry.”
“And I was doing so well,” he said.
“With the Journal?”
“Yes. I was writing, Harry. I was writing every night, even during the Storm. I think Alwyn helped. Somehow, yes, Alwyn helped.”
A shadow crossed Harman-Karman’s face, and he fell quiet.
“Have you found her?” he asked then of Harry.
“No, not yet.”
“You are trying, though?”
“Of course.” A little too glibly, that.
“You are, aren’t you?” said Harman-Karman, noticing.
“Yes, Harman-Karman, I am.”
“You said she was in San Francisco.”
“Last I heard, yes,” still not used to lying—it was an effort to sound natural.
“Who told you she was in San Francisco?”
“The station.”
“But they won’t tell you where?”
“No.”
“Why would they tell you San Francisco?” said Harman-Karman. “Why would they tell you anything? Why give you a city?”
“I don’t know.”
“Do you know someone there?”
“At the station?”
“Yes.”
“No.”
“So who told you?”
“The person who answered the phone.”
And here Harry realized that he had run out of lie. It held no water at all and Harman-Karman had just punched holes all through it.
“Look at me,” said Harman-Karman.
Harry stepped into his friend’s field of vision and looked down at him; trying to appear as sincere and trustworthy and honest as possible: here I am, your best friend, through and through—and not doing such a good job of it; it fell well short of simply being himself, and Harman-Karman was sure to notice.
“You don’t know where she is, do you?” said Harman-Karman after a while.
If Harry’s relief made its way all the way to his face, Harman-Karman must not have noticed. “No,” said Harry.
“Why did you tell me San Francisco?”
“To put your mind at ease,” said Harry.
“Why?”
“Well,” said Harry. “You have enough to cope with, don’t you?”
Brief silence. “That is true.”
“So, I thought; well I’m not sure exactly what I thought. I thought that knowing where she was, what town anyway, would be nice.”
“Nice?”
“So you wouldn’t worry.”
“Please, Harry. Don’t lie to me. Not about this. Don’t lie to me. Do you know where she is?”
“No,” lied Harry.
“Well, that’s fucking great,” said Harman-Karman, startling Harry a little again, who was not used to four-letter words coming from that direction.
“I’m sorry,” said Harry.
“You should be.”
To which Harry said nothing, still hoping the truth about Alwyn didn’t show on his face.
“We’ve got to get you out of here,” said Harry again—anything to change the subject.
:
Then, almost out of desperation, Harry changed the subject some more: “I’ve met a girl.”
He had wondered how to—or even if he should—tell Harman-Karman about Lara. Strictly speaking, he had not met a girl of course, but that’s how it came out, and it certainly did the trick, got Harman-Karman’s attention, and off of Alwyn Moore’s possible whereabouts.
Harry was rewarded by a hard effort on his friend’s part to actually turn his head; Harry noticed the reflex, and the failure of Harman-Karman’s head to carry out the command, and his friend’s brief frustration, then his sigh, his realization, again, that he would never.
Followed by the surprised question: “You’ve met a girl?”
“Yes.”
“As in a pact, or what?”
“No, nothing Season related. The Seaon’s pretty much over anyway.”
“How then?”
“Down the hall. She was down the hall. They’ve move her now.”
“Here, in the hospital?”
“Yes, a few doors down, in recovery.”
“Recovering from what?” said Harman-Karman.
“There were four of them,” said Harry. “They left her for dead. She had to have an operation. They took things out.”
“Jesus,” said Harman-Karman, and seemed for a moment forget his own tragedy. “How is she doing?”
“She’ll survive.”
“Can she move?” Harman-Karman wondered, as if returning now to his own hell and wanted a comparison.
“Yes, gingerly. She’s got a big scar. They took out a kidney and then some.”
“She’s lucky,” said Harman-Karman.
“I wouldn’t go that far,” said Harry.
“How far would you go?”
“They left her for dead, Harman-Karman. Four hunters. Tied her up, raped her, and left her for dead.”
“Okay, she’s not lucky,” said Harman-Karman.
“No, she’s not.”
“But she can move,” re-making his point.
“Yes, she can do that.”
A brief silence, point conceded.
“So, how did you?” asked Harman-Karman.
“Well, that’s just it. I recognized her. I had seen her before, in the last days before the Season.”
“Where?”
“In the Von’s on Pasadena and California.”
Another moment while Harman-Karman pictured it: “You saw her in the Supermarket?”
“Yes.”
“She must be special,” his friend said, with a bit of an elbow and a wink.
“I don’t know, Harman-Karman, but I feel that she is. There was something about her that, that.” He didn’t know exactly what.
“And now she’s down the hall.”
“She was down the hall. They put her up in a semi-private ward now.”
“You spoken to her?”
“Of course I’ve spoken to her.”
“What’s her name?”
“Lara West.”
“Pretty?”
“Very.”
“Smart?”
“Very.”
“Must confess, I had given up on you.”
“So had I.”
“What does she look like? Tall? Dark? Blond? Fat? Thin? What?”
“Like Mia Farrow.”
“Ah.”
“Like a young Mia Farrow, you know, the Rosemary’s Baby edition.”
“Ah. Robbing the cradle, are we?”
“Perhaps not that young.”
Harry found himself pleased, for two reasons: pleased to share he wasn’t sure exactly what, but it felt nice; and pleased to see that it was taking Harman-Karman’s mind off of his own troubles.
“How young then?”
“Late twenties, perhaps. Early thirties.”
“Mia Farrow, huh?”
“Yes.”
“She’s very good looking.”
“I knew you’d approve.”
“I mean Mia Farrow.”
“I know you did.”
Suddenly the shadow returned to Harman-Karman’s face; thoughts of Alwyn Moore, perhaps the hidden knowing—the deep down accuracy of memory—trying to surface. Harry said nothing, Harman-Karman said nothing. Then he said, “Could you get the nurse, Harry. I have to take a leak.”
And that is what struck Harry as the biggest tragedy, bigger to him than even the nostrils or the Journal: when you can’t even take care of your private business. Then you are reduced, reduced to—he could not find the word. Instead, he left to find the nurse.
:
Two days later, through a fine but warm drizzle, he brought Harman-Karman home.
Not he on his own, of course, he and two nurses, and a third (who was to stay and help out for an unspecified time).
Harry, who followed the ambulance in his own car, could have sworn that Harman-Karman’s Juniper and Elm held their respective breaths as they brought Harman-Karman out on a gurney and then into the house, charred here and there from the fire, something Harry prayed would not remind his friend of.
“What’s wrong with him?” he heard the Juniper say.
“I don’t know,” said the Elm.
“Poor man.” The Juniper.
“Poor man,” echoed the Elm.
“And to think,” said the Juniper.
“And to think what?” Harry heard himself think.
“And to think that he also lost his friend,” said the Juniper.
“He doesn’t remember that,” said Harry.
“He doesn’t?” said the Elm.
“He just said that,” said the Juniper.
“At all?” said the Elm.
‘No,” said Harry. “He doesn’t remember that at all.”
“What’s wrong with him,” said the Juniper again, to Harry this time.
“He is paralyzed.”
“He can’t move?” said the Elm.
“Yes,” said the Juniper. “That is exactly what the word means.”
“At all,” said the Elm.
“His nostrils,” said Harry before he could check the thought.
“That’s it?” The Juniper honestly shocked.
“He can move his eyes, he can blink, he can flare his nostrils, he can move his tongue, he can swallow, and he can talk,” said Harry, horrified at the brevity of that list.
“Poor man,” said the Juniper.
“Poor man,” said the Elm.
“You could say that,” said Harry.
No other trees said anything as Harry followed the nurses into the house.
:
The front room was undamaged save for some water stains, as was the kitchen and breakfast nook. The guest bedroom, however, was severely charred, and so was the hallway just outside. Since the door to his bedroom had been closed, neither flames nor smoke had made it all the way there, and it seemed strangely unaware of recent events.
The ceiling in the rest of the house, however—which was the one thing Harman-Karman’s eyes could reach as they reeled him in—had turned smoke-dark throughout.
“What happened?” he heard Harman-Karman ask one of the nurses.


::150::
“How are you doing, Honey?” asked a very concerned Helen, and at that Lara couldn’t help but cry for the first time since arriving at the hospital; for the first time in years, in fact.
After a while, between quiet sobs, Helen said, “They told me what happened.”
Lara didn’t, couldn’t, answer.
“Your friend called. Harry.”
And still didn’t answer, but had stopped crying now.
“He seems like a nice guy.”
“He is a nice guy,” said Lara, drying her eyes and cheeks with the back and knuckles of her right hand.
“What took you?” asked Lara.
“You know,” said Helen.
“No,” said Lara. “I’m not sure I do.”
“The Season dragged on bit, and we only plugged the phone back in this morning.”
“I see. What day is it?”
Helen checked her watch to make sure: “The sixth.”
“Of April?”
“Yes, Honey. What did you think?”
“I don’t know.”
Helen looked around the room. They had wheeled her out of recovery a week or so ago and into this large four-bed suite, three of which were now thoroughly unoccupied, stiff and sterile as is the fate of empty hospital beds. “Great digs,” she said, trying to sound casual.
“I want to go home,” said Lara.
“Day after tomorrow,” said Helen, who would have checked, yes she would have. Lara could not help but smile at that.
:
Two days later Helen brought her home, and with the help of two strong nurses got her safely and comfortably tucked in. Helen, much to her credit, had spent most of the day before clearing out any evidence of the attack, including the front door—which now opened unbroken, acting as if nothing had happened—and giving the entire apartment a thorough scrub.
“You didn’t,” said Lara as they carried her through the apartment to her room.
“Of course, Honey.”
They eased her down onto her bed as Lara looked around the room, laid eyes on every little thing, and they all remained mum about recent history. Pretending, like the front door, that nothing at all had happened—nothing worth mentioning, anyway—singing their little welcome home songs.
The nurses looked around the room too, as if looking for evidence, then took their leave. “Call if you need anything,” and left.
Lara could hear Helen close the front door behind them, and then make her way back to Lara.
“I’ll fix you some tea,” said Helen from her bedroom door.
“That’d be great,” said Lara. Then, a little louder to reach Helen in the kitchen, “Be sure to let Harry know.”
“I have already,” came the equally loud reply.
Lara looked out her bedroom window, at the Eucalyptus that, too, against the clear-blue sky, seemed to whisper a welcome, many, many leaves waiving.


::151::
“Harman-Karman tried to, but could not find sleep, for there was a large hole in his head where memory should be, where memory should climb out of; out of which he constantly expected memory to emerge, holding his breath, bracing himself, but no memory-like fingers would grasp the rim of the well to heave the remainder of itself out of it, no head of remembrance would poke up and spill its beans. No whispers; nothing stirred. Nothing.
And yet there was something. Something getting ready to.
Gathering itself.
Down there.
Whether sleep finally arrived and was now packing up again, or never quite settled, Harman-Karman could not tell, but he found himself in that stillness that borders the awake and the not, and in that four-dimensional stillness now heard, for the first time, clear movements at the bottom of his empty memory well.
Clear motions of things getting ready to.
The ceilings. Not so much here in his room, but traces even here. They had bothered him coming back, and they bothered him still. Why so dirty?
The nurses had told him nothing, when he had asked. Had not even heard the question, was the impression he got.
Harry had looked up, when asked, studied Harman-Karman’s bedroom ceiling for a spell and agreed, yes, could do with a wash. That wasn’t an answer. But, then again, what was the question? The question, really, was the thing getting ready to climb, which had begun to climb, and which was now approaching the surface.
For there was not only the ceiling, there was the smell. Smoky footprints to make his nose wonder but never quite settle on, but leading to, were they not leading to: distant fire?
To a far away bonfire perhaps, something back east, in the back yard, his dad burning things too useless to sell, as he put it. Neighbors had brought their stuff too; let’s have a celebration he said, and supplied the beer.
The site of the flames, even after days of rain and wind still told of the fire, spoke the very same language as his own house in the here and now whispered, telling him, and telling him to listen; but when there was nothing to hear no matter how hard he tried. Just faint footprints. Leading to.
Leading to.
Leading to the climbing thing that now was reaching and grasping the edge of the chasm, and which now—with some effort—in fact did heave itself up out of it to roll, burning and screaming, onto the visible floor of memory.
The screaming wouldn’t stop. At first, this confused Harman-Karman no end; then he realized who was doing the screaming.
And then Harry showed up in the doorway.
“Harman-Karman,” he said. Once, twice. And louder still.
Still Harman-Karman would not stop, for the flames had now reached him, too, and they seared him with memory so alive that he could—as he lay on the living room floor, unable to move or do anything at all to help her—hear every last inflection of pain in Alwyn’s voice.


::152::
The young Elm screamed from the heat of Harman-Karman’s memory and withdrew, almost whimpering, to safety.
“Get out of there,” said the Juniper. “Are you never going to learn?”
The Elm was too stunned to hear, much less answer.
“Leave him be,” said Harry’s Pine.
“But he’s,” began the Juniper.
“He tried to help,” said Harry’s Pine. “No matter how badly advised, he tried to help, and that is always both noble and courageous.”
“Even so,” said the Juniper, who had a hard time not being right.
“He was burning,” said the Elm.
“There’s no fire,” said the Juniper.
“He was still burning. That’s when he screamed.”
“I don’t see any fire,” said the Juniper.
“He burned with memory,” said Harry’s Pine.
“How can you do that?” said the Juniper.
“Remember fire,” said Harry’s Pine.
“Yes. Okay. So?” said the Juniper, a little glibly.
“No, really remember. Go back to fire, perhaps several ancestors ago, a large fire. Feel the acrid smoke, the suffocating wind, the searing heat, the quick, greedy flames racing each other to reach you first, to lick your bark with red and yellow pain, to leap and seize your branches.”
The Juniper screamed. Remembered and screamed.
Then fell silent. Possibly the most silent ever, for the Juniper.
“He remembered the recent fire,” said Harry’s Pine, and he screamed with the pain of it, of losing someone he had grown to love.”
“Yes,” said the Elm.
“Still,” said Harry’s Pine. To the Elm now. No matter how much you want to help, it is ill-advised. We don’t tolerate fire well, be it someone else’s, or even someone else’s memory of fire.”
“I see,” said the Elm.
“He has stopped screaming now,” said the Juniper, anxious to steer the subject away from memory and fire.
“His friend is with him,” said the Canary Island Pine, which, for once, did not incur a Juniper comment about listening in.
“He’s a good friend,” said the Elm.
“He is,” said the Juniper.
“How can we best help him?” asked the Elm, mostly of Harry’s Pine. Though it was the Canary Island who answered:
“Now that the Storm is done, there is not much we can do. There is no Storm to shield them from.”
“But he suffers so.”
“We cannot shield them from memory,” said Harry’s Pine.
“Perhaps,” said the Juniper, in a flash of inspiration which took the others by surprise, especially Harry’s Pine, “Perhaps we can share our own. Our own memories. Perhaps they can replace his, at least for a while.”
Harry’s Pine thought about that for a spell, then smiled and nodded reflectively (if indeed tress can smile or nod, reflectively or otherwise), “Perhaps we could at that. Why don’t you try?”
“Me?” asked the Juniper.
“Yes.”
“I was hoping you.”
“It is your human,” said Harry’s Pine, “and this is your idea. It is yours to try.”
“Yes, go ahead,” said the Elm, supportingly.
“I don’t have any memories to share,” said the Juniper, though she knew that was not true, at all.
“You have memories to last him many lives and then some,” said Harry’s Pine.
“He’d find them boring,” said the Juniper, ever conscious of making right impressions, and of being thought well of.
“I can try, if you want,” said the Elm.
“No. That’s okay, I’ll do it,” said the Juniper.
And so she reached into the still-charred-in-places house of the still-charred-in-places Harman-Karman and filled him with all of her fullness of memories so old and so smoke-free that she surprised herself at the fragrance of the field, awake with flowers; the clarity of the brook, laughing over rock and pebble; the song of the wind and the birds upon it; the gentle swaying of branches and leaves, sheets and sheets of leaves, which flooded and filled every last nook and cranny of Harman-Karman’s memory and so, in a dance so thorough that it left no room for other, darker, dances, fanned ever last ember of pain from Harman-Karman’s sight and in turn filled him with a peace so gentle it felt like being kissed by forest.
:
That is when Harman-Karman stopped screaming.
Harry observed the gentle breeze that suddenly settled upon his friend’s face, along with a wondering gaze, seeing and not seeing Harry; and the first twinkling of a smile. Something miraculous was taking place and Harry actually had an idea what it might be.
He looked around, as if expecting his Pine to stand next to him, but there was no pine there, just the soft rustle of Juniper leaves; and for the terrible screams she had just chased away, and for the terrible pain on Harman-Karman’s face at the memory, now gone, too, Harry had to smile, for these were wonderful things, these trees.
“Yes, she is,” said Harry’s Pine, either somewhere in his vicinity or all around. Harry vibrated with his Pine’s approval of the young Juniper.
“She is doing this,” said Harry.
“All on her own.”
“It is a gift,” said Harry, meaning it both ways.
“It is a gift.”
“He knows now,” said Harry.
“It is best,” said Harry’s Pine. “In the end, it is best.” Then said nothing else.
:
Many moments later, when Harman-Karman had fallen into deep, dream-less sleep, traces of a smile still lingering on his face, as if refusing to come back inside no matter how many times his mother called, Harry’s Pine said to the Juniper:
“That was a beautiful thing you did.”
She, in turn, didn’t quite know what to do with herself, she was so happy.
“It sure was,” said the Elm.
And that earned him a Juniper smile.


::153::
That night: a whisper at first. The distant thing that caught the ear of Harry’s Pine.
And so, for all the silence surrounding, he fell more silent still, the better to hear.
From somewhere beyond the inspired vision of the silly Juniper, from far beyond the improved perception of his human—who thought of himself as Harry, and who now had begun to behave more and more like a tree.
From beyond lakes and forest and many a mountain.
From all that distance came another vision, so faint, so surprising that Harry’s Pine at first could not tell if it was distant memory stirring or a foresty butterfly perhaps unfolding its midnight wings.
But it was no butterfly, nor was it memory. What gently arrived was a view of star-drenched peaks and rolling valley calling, and among them a relative many times removed, the very first of his kind, the very first of all kinds, reaching him, first with whispered touch, then with voice.
The Bristlecone.
:
Harry’s Pine stilled every fiber in all roots and branches, stilled the very heart of his trunk, the better to hear. Stilled his entire being into a vacuum, inviting the distant song, providing it a place to reverberate and echo.
And so, measure by measure, the melody arrived, clearer with each reverberation, ancient history calling, a voice that belonged not only to the distant mountains but to the stars, and it called for him, Harry’s Pine, in particular, called him by name (not Harry’s Pine, of course, no, called him by his real name), and bade him to listen.
And listen he did:
“I see the outline of tree in him,” said Inevar, holding clearly for Harry’s Pine to see a reflection of Harry.
“I see it too,” said Harry’s Pine.
“Bring him to me,” said Inevar.
Which left Harry’s Pine answerless.
“Send him to me,” said Inevar, noticing.
“Where do I tell him to go?”
“Toward the White Mountains,” said Inevar. “Once he gets closer, I can guide him myself.”
“I shall tell him,” said Harry’s Pine.
“There is some urgency,” said Inevar. “He must arrive before the new Storm arrives.”
“I will do my best,” said Harry’s Pine.
“I will await him,” said Inevar, who then faded away so silently that Harry’s Pine wondered if he had heard anything at all.
But he had, and he knew he had. History had touched him and assigned him a task. A very vital task: that is what the undercurrent of his ur-father’s had sung. The song of pivotal task and promise of escape.


::154::
Harry opened the door slowly. If Harman-Karman was asleep, the last thing Harry wanted to do was to wake him.
But his friend was not asleep. His eyes were wide open, staring at the ceiling, then shifting in Harry’s direction at the sound.
“It’s only me,” said Harry.
“I can tell,” said Harman-Karman.
“Did you sleep?” asked Harry.
“A little,” said Harman-Karman.
“Hungry?”
“Yeah.”
“What do you feel like?”
“Tea,” he answered. “Green tea and some fruit. A banana.”
“You’re not turning vegan on me,” said Harry.
“No.”
“Thank God for that.”
“It happened again,” said Harman-Karman after a brief silence. The rain outside drummed the window now and then as the wind shifted and the wet outside world made itself felt inside as well, as atmosphere.
“She brought you the field?”
“Yes.”
“And the brook?”
“Yes. And, Harry, the strangest thing. Alwyn was there.”
Harry didn’t know what to say, fearing the worst now.
It was as if Harman-Karman had read his mind. “No,” he said. “Not to worry. It’s good. She was there in a good way.”
Still Harry didn’t dare say anything.
“She was sitting by the brook, soaking her feet, her beautiful feet. And then, as she saw me coming, she looked up at me and said not to miss her for she hasn’t gone anywhere, she’s still with me, she said.”
Harry sat down now, as if the better to listen.
“Where is this coming from?” said Harman-Karman. “It’s not as if I’m dreaming. It’s as if I’m remembering.”
“Trees,” said Harry.
“Trees?”
“Does it rustle, this dream? This Memory?”
“Rustle?”
“As if with leaves?”
Harman-Karman gave that thought, as if re-tasting the field and the brook, listening carefully. “Yes,” he said then. “Yes, it does rustle a little.”
“I think it’s the Juniper in your front yard.”
“But that would be crazy,” said Harman-Karman.
“Well, I am crazy, you’ve always maintained that.”
“True.”
“Have you ever heard that rustle before?”
“I’ve heard it for real, I mean outside. And,” and then Harman-Karman fell silent again, as if comparing memories. “You’re right, Harry, that is the same rustle. The Juniper’s.”
“Have you heard it before?” Harry wanted to know.
Harman-Karman fell silent again, this time taking the question more seriously. Tried to turn his head to bring Harry in view, as usual to no avail. Harry rose, and entered. “You know,” said Harman-Karman. “Once, at the beginning of the Season, I had just brought Alwyn back to the house and I was writing my journal, and as I was writing—this was in Season, mind you, and I was, well, you know, and it was as if I were surrounded, and shielded, by just this rustle. It was like a faint, quiet light. Like a shimmer, a distant scent.”
“They can don that,” said Harry.
“Trees can do that?”
“Yes, indeed.”
“How long have you known?”
Well, that was a good question, wasn’t it? How much know is know? Looking back he now knew that his Pine had caught him at his second ascension all these years ago, so he would not float away. For that had been the Pine doing, he knew that now. Though he didn’t know that then, did he? Had no idea.
Then, at the beginning of this Season. A rustle as well, a piney rustle, it had tried to help. He knew that now, but had he at the time?
And it was the Pine who had pulled Harry out of the Storm and down here to in turn pull Harman-Karman out of the house, was it not? He knew that now, but hardly at the time.
“How long have you known?” said Harman-Karman again.
And later, after coming back from the hospital, after coming home from leaving Harman-Karman there, from knowing what a terrible fate had met his friend, didn’t he then, didn’t his Pine?
“Does she say anything?” asked Harry.
“The Juniper?”
“Yes.”
“No, just, she just fills me.”
And then Harry’s Pine had spoken to him, turned him all barky. He had just spoken to Lara, had just spotted her in recovery. Not that long ago. That same morning.
“Not long,” said Harry.
“How long?” said Harman-Karman.
“A month perhaps.”
“So you mean after, after the fire?”
“Yes. You were in the hospital and I had just recognized Lara. Spoken to her. You were asleep.
“I drove back home that morning, and right into the Storm. I mean, head-on collision. I could barely make it back. That’s when he actually talked to me.”
“Who?”
“My Pine.”
“Your Pine?”
“You know the big Ponderosa that on my front lawn.”
“Your Pine.”
“That’s the one. And he simply filled me, forced all of the Storm out, and then we spoke.”
“You are crazy, you know that.”
“I’ve been aware of him ever since. Sort of attuned.”
“You’re serious, aren’t you?”
“Of course.”
“And you believe it?”
“What’s there to believe? Do you feel the fields and the brook and hear the rustle of leaves?”
“Yes,” admitted Harman-Karman.
“Nothing to do with believing. More to do with perceiving.”
“I’ll be damned,” said Harman-Karman. “That’s pretty amazing.”
“It’s pretty amazing, all right. And they all talk, your Juniper, too. And your Elm.”
“And now I’m a talking tree as well,” said Harman-Karman, not as much in jest as in recognition.
“I guess that’s one way of putting it,” said Harry for lack of a better thing to say.
“Whatever happened to that tea?” said Harman-Karman.
Harry took another long look at his friend, his brave and so terribly immobile friend, who indeed was blessed to have two loving trees on his front lawn.
“Okay,” said Harry. “Hold your horses.”
He returned with two servings of green tea and a banana for Harman-Karman.
Before Harry had even put the tray down, Harman-Karman said: “You knew.”
At first Harry wondered what he had known, then realized: Alwyn Moore. “Yes I knew.”
“You did the right thing,” he said. “I think you did the right thing.”
“I really hoped so.”
“I had to find out for myself, in my own time.”
“Yes,” said Harry.
“Well, thanks,” said Harman-Karman. Then, “Where’s that tea?”
First Harry pealed the banana, and held it for Harman-Karman to take a bite of. Then another. It was a good thing his friend could in fact swallow. Could talk and eat. Others like him, so one doctor had told him, could only move their eyes, and eyelids. Period. Harman-Karman was lucky.
Not that Harry would go that far. But at least he could eat. A third bite of the banana, and then the rest. Hungry.
Harry then arrange the tea cup on Harman-Karman’s chest and bent the straw for his mouth, allowing him to savor it in his own time.
Harry sat down and took his own sip of tea.
“How is a Pine different from a Juniper?” around the straw.
“I don’t know. Not so piney.”
“No seriously.”
“I am serious. My Pine is just that, piney. A different rustle too, finer. But your Juniper, she’s younger, that’s the main impression I got. Younger.”
“That’s why I bought the house. Did I tell you that? For the trees. That Elm and that Juniper.”
“Yes, you did.”
Then Harman-Karman pushed the straw out of his mouth with his tongue and said, “Can you do me a huge favor, Harry?”
“Anything.”
“Can you help me with my Journal?”
“How do you mean?”
“I’ll talk, you’ll write.”
“Take dictation?”
“Yes, that’s the technical term,” said Harman-Karman.
Harry’s only hesitation was his innate sense of propriety: His friend’s Journal was terribly private, he knew that. Would Harman-Karman be able to, to say what he would want to have said, if Harry did the writing?
It was as if Harman-Karman had heard him think. “Things are different now,” he said. “As if that needs pointing out.”
“Sure,” said Harry. “You talk, I’ll write.”
“It’s in the desk over there, under the window. In the drawer.”
Harry rose. It was not in the desk, Harry knew that. It was on the desk, as was the pen. It lay where Harry had found it days before, open to the last entry, which, Harry had noticed, was incomplete—incomplete from the very moment they had arrived, from the moment Harman-Karman had first heard them and left his Journal to investigate; sentence stopped mid-flight.
Harry didn’t read what it said, but had instead closed the journal, to keep Harman-Karman’s private life private, is how he thought of it. But he had not put it away. It wasn’t his to put away. Just closed it.
Now he sat down at the desk. Opened the Journal to its last entry—now it was as if he had been invited, and he held the invitation sacred—and then finally read the last line:
It was late fall, almost winter, and her
Which is where it ended, mid-air. Harry could imagine, did imagine. But said nothing.
“It is as if she fills me with memory, and that, somehow, allows me to remember, too, without pain,” said Harman-Karman.
Harry turned around, not sure he had heard that correctly, to see his look up at the ceiling he had just told about memory; then made the connection, and starting on a new page, and as Harman-Karman waited from him to catch up before he continued to dictate, wrote:

H-K Journal 4/11/08
It is as if she fills me with memory, and that, somehow, allows me to remember, too, without pain.
I remember now that I told her there was something about trees. I told her this that last evening. There is something about trees, I told her. I remember that now.
I told her about sap and odor and wind in the branches and well-intended trunks. And she had wondered from what place within her knight-in-black, which is what she called me, had that story sprung, as if born fully grown, just stepping into the world.
She, too, could sense it, there is something about trees.
Harry is not crazy after all.

Then nothing, and as Harry looked over, his friend had fallen that kind of silent that means end of dictation.
Harry closed the book, and put both Journal and pen back where they belonged.
:
Harry helped Harman-Karman finish the tea, then fetched and fed him a second banana.
“Remind me,” said Harman-Karman. “If I forget.”
“What?”
“Daily.”
“The Journal?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll remind you.”
“And Harry.”
“What?”
“Thanks.


::155::
Harry felt a little like a nurse, but only a little. More like a Good Samaritan, a friend, a taker of care.
So much like being needed, in fact, that he had requested a sabbatical from work; and after explaining to his boss the circumstances of both Harman-Karman—his best friend—and Lara West—his other best friend, is how he put it—he had been granted a year’s leave of absence. Unpaid, mind you, his boss wanted to make very sure that was understood.
Which meant, yes, he’d have to live on his savings. Not the worst thing that could have happened, he had his fair share of things tucked away for a rainy day. Still, good thing he did not have a mortgage to worry about.
This foggy Saturday morning he pulled up outside Lara’s apartment building eyeing the parking signs to make sure Saturday parking was okay. Should be, but when it came to parking and being towed, Harry didn’t like taking chances, he had been burned in the past and it cost an arm and then some to get the car back out of impound. You could never be too careful, for regardless of the state of the rest of the city—and this street certainly still looked a bit improvised—it seemed like parking enforcement was always up and working come April, if not sooner.
One sign told him that street cleaning was Wednesdays, be my guest.
The other sign told him Saturday parking was okay, be my guest.
He accepted the invitations, killed the engine, and reached back for the groceries.
Arms full, he climbed the stairs, and then, after ringing the doorbell the agreed three short rings—with some difficulty—let himself in.
Dropped the groceries off in her kitchen, and then looked in on her.
Not awake, but stirring. The doorbell.
God, each time he set eyes on her, he received the same faint jolt of, of what? Of kinship. Some sort of recognition. Yes, kinship. That was it. And, he had reflected more than once, during the Storm he had not once caught himself wanting to. The feeling had been the same then, this novel, clear feeling of, yes, kinship.
She moaned a little from her own movements, the incision not healed fully yet—though looking very, very good, the nurse had said the other day when she came by for a checkup. Gorgeous, was the odd word she used. The scar looked gorgeous.
A gorgeous scar, Lara had asked. I just can’t see it.
Gorgeous, the nurse had insisted. Smiling now.
Well, each to his own, said Lara, and they had all laughed a little at that, though Lara couldn’t really laugh, it hurt too much.
Instant Karma, said the jolly, not underweight, nurse, and laughed some more at her own wittiness.
As Harry watched, Lara eased over from her side to her back and seemed to settle back into sleep; when the sun picked that very moment to peek through the cloud and fog and shaft a light right on her face. It must have lit up her dream and invited her out for she opened her pale blue eyes, radiant now with sun, and they fell right upon his.
Saw nothing for a moment, then:
“Harry,” she said.
“Guilty as charged.”
She smiled her soft willowy smile and the feeling of kinship gathered more strength; as if she were a long lost sister, or someone he had met, perhaps many lives ago. Someone he had shared much with.
“How are you, today?” he asked. “Been fed?”
“Helen came earlier. Crack of dawn. She’s a crazy woman.”
“She’s an amazing woman.”
“That, too.”
Harry sat down in the chair they had brought in from the living room the day Helen brought her back from the hospital, for this very purpose.
“I brought some groceries,” he said.
“I dreamed about the glade,” said Lara.
“Was it calling you again?”
“No, just a dream this time. They haven’t called since the Storm ended. Not that I’ve heard anyway. But I still feel that they’re concerned.” The she added, “I’d like to go there. I wish I could.”
“What’s stopping you?”
“What do you mean?”
“If you’re fit enough to walk about you’re fit enough to travel, no?”
“Not on a dirt bike, Harry.”
“I’ll take you.”
“You will?”
“Of course I will.”
Harry could see her revisit the glade briefly, longingly. “That would be great,” she said.
“Just tell me when.”
“Tomorrow?”
“Sure.”
“Or early next week.”
“Any time, Lara. I have all the time in the world.”
“I meant to ask you about that,” said Lara. “How will you manage?”
“Frugality,” said Harry. “That, some savings, and a fully paid mortgage.”
“You live in a house?”
“My parents gave it to me; free and clear.”
“Good for you,” she said. “And good for them.” Then, “Do you love them?”
Harry didn’t see that one coming, and probably would not have said, “No,” had he given it some thought.
“No?”
Now, he gave it some thought. Barn doors and escaped horses came to mind. “To be honest,” he said. “No.”
“Why ever not?” She was truly surprised, almost shocked, it seemed.
“They were both teachers,” said Harry. “Dad was a math genius, and for him nothing else truly mattered. He was friendly enough, and fatherly enough, but there was never that, that bond that you hear of: father-son, ever-lasting. His desire, his reason for living, was math, and his job, and his students. Mom and I were a somewhat inconvenient—if nice—necessity; there more to augment and forward his career than for any other purpose. That’s how it struck me.”
“And your mom?”
“He’s retired now, by the way,” he said. “They both moved back to New Hampshire—that’s where Mom’s from; she inherited the family house, and had wanted to return there for years.”
“And your mom?” she asked again.
“Mom was a psychology professor, and she…” Harry stopped to collect his thought, which were taking on a life of their own now and threatened to run away with him. “My mom,” he continued. “When I needed her the most, when I really needed her to understand, she refused to. She actually scared me.”
“Refused?”
“That’s what it felt like.”
“What happened?”
And so Harry told her, told this willowy person who had now heaved herself up on her elbows and was now half sitting, half leaning against the wall behind her, told her again about his two ascensions, and how he had tried to find out more about it when his mother had found the Bible in his room.
“She thought I was going crazy,” he said. “Said so in so many words. Wanted me to let her know if it happened again. And that scared me.”
“I see,” said Lara. And she saw, that was another thing he recognized. She did see.
“She was, is, nice enough, and she does care about me, in her own mother-knows-best sort of way. But love? Maybe. I’m not sure.”
“I see,” she said again. “So you’re saying they don’t love you. Not really. But do you love them?”
Well, that had been her question, had it not? This time he did give it though before answering; and there, beneath it all, all the reasons why not really: yes, he did love them. Perhaps it had not been as reciprocal as he would have wished, but there was a glow within him, that pulsed, even if faintly, when he thought about his father and his mother, and so, the answer, seeing as how she really wanted to know:
“Yes,” he said. “I do love them.”
“You’re a lucky person,” she said.
That, too, rang true. “Agreed.”
“What did you find out about your ascensions?” she asked—not exactly out of the blue, but almost.
:
“I found out that I was not crazy.”
“What do you mean?”
“Mom told me that I suffered from Acute Ascension, she said. Something well documented and researched and wholly neurological. Treatable.”
“Treatable,” said Lara with a delicious distaste.
“Precisely,” said Harry. “Treatable. Treatable means crazy. Treatable means false, out of true. My lofting, my floating, they were not conditions, not treatable things, not things away from sane, they were things toward sane.”
She said nothing, but looked him unblinkingly with those still, pale, blue, understanding eyes.
“I studied Acute Ascension, and as far as I am concerned, they have no idea what it’s about. But the Indians, the Ancients, they know all about it.”
“The Indians?”
“East Indians. Ancient India. The Buddha.”
“The Body Tree,” said Lara.
“The Bodhi Tree,” said Harry.
“Ah. Bodhi, said Lara, as if tasting the word correctly.” Then added, in a lovely déjà vu, “Bet you it helped him.”
“Wouldn’t surprise me.”
“They knew all about it?”
“Yes. They talked about the milky fog that seems alive, and that comes looking for you if you slip out.”
Lara said nothing.
“They talked about seeing the Storm from the outside, as the mist, as the knowing mist that insisted that you stay inside, that comes looking for you and finds you and pulls you back in when it does. They knew all about Acute Ascension, only they knew it was for real, not a treatable condition.”
“And the contrast,” he continued. “They knew about the contrast between the curious, the calming, stillness of outside, and the raging fever of the inside.”
He seemed to be addressing his hands, and caught himself doing that. So he looked up at her, at those eyes still on his, calmly: “You don’t notice,” he said, “how insanely crazy it is when it creeps up on you at beginning of Season. It’s normal, as my mom would put it. But when you, if even for a moment, get to see the contrast between it, and the stillness outside, it’s nothing but sheer insanity.”
Lara nodded, yes, she saw. She saw.
“The second time,” said Harry, again remembering, it was the Pine that saved me.”
“How do you mean?”
“I had floated out and up and not only from my body, but from my room and from our house, I was on my way to God knows where, when I found myself caught in a sort of piney net, or piney embrace, which brought back towards the roof of the house, and then through it and trough the ceiling of his room as well, and sort of deposited there, still hovering, still floating, in one of the corners. Still outside, then, and still untouched by the irritated mist.”
“You are a lucky person,” Lara said again, but for different reason.
“For having ascended?”
“For that, for having a tree that looks after you. So nearby.”
“You’re right,” said Harry. “I am a lucky person.”
Then Harry told her about the Chintaka Upanishad, and about the Dhammaphada.
Then he fixed them some lunch.
Then he told her about the Ran Veda, about the passage in the Ran where Varuna descends upon the City in Season and sees the river of milk enter and exit in a constant and fervid ebb and flow as the populace copulates.
And about the passage where Indra leaves his body, and “floats, out and up, to see his body, immersed in the churning milk, copulating with a water woman, while the milk, noticing his absence, begins to look for him.”
“They knew,” said Harry. “They knew, and then I knew that I was not alone, that I was not crazy. At all.”
“No, Harry,” said Lara. “You’re not crazy.”
“They called it the breath of Yama. The white breath of Yama—he’s the King of Death. Yama making sure Death will never end life as life, making sure there will always be more bodies for life to return to once it departs its current dwelling; the knowing and aware breath of Yama that finds you when you go missing. The breath of Yama, catcher of spirits, spawner of mortal life. Yes, they knew, these ancient people who had written this, they knew what had happened to me.”
Lara said nothing.
“I tried to do it again,” Harry continued. “To leave, to ascend, but I couldn’t do it, could never discover precisely what sort of triggered it.”
Harry fell silent, and Lara did nothing to disturb it.
:
After a while Harry said:
“I decided then, and this was years ago, that I would do what the Buddha did, that I would best the Storm. Stare it down. Think it down.”
“Did you?”
“No,” said Harry. “I never managed to.”
Lara nodded again. “You need trees for that.”
“And this was to be the year,” said Harry. “This was to be the Season where I stared it down.”
“This was to be the Season,” echoed Lara, and with such emphasis that Harry felt a chill down his spine.
He held and studied her eyes for longer than was really appropriate (for propriety had taken a left turn somewhere back there and no longer seemed part of the equation). Then said, “You too?”
“Me, too,” she confirmed.
“Staring it down?”
“Yes.”
“But you, you had the glade.”
“I wanted to do it on my own. Without the trees.”
“I see.” And did see. “Did you manage? On your own?”
“No. This was to be the Season, but it got the better of me. And then. And then.”
“I see.”
Harry was not at loss for words. Was this the recognition he had felt; could you really sense something like this?
“Tell me more about the Ancients,” said Lara.
:
Harry told her about the other Vedas, the collection of commentaries and eternal truths called the Upanishads, and about the little library of ancient Indian writings he had now collected, and knew held the key.
“Let’s do it,” said Lara.
“What? Ascend?”
“Let’s stare it down. Let’s find out how they did it, and stare it down. We can lick this thing.”
Harry had to laugh at the choice of words.
“No, seriously,” said Lara.
Then Harry had to laugh from sheer happiness, and more of that feeling of recognition, of kinship. “Let’s,” he said.
And then Lara laughed, too, though it still hurt a little when she did, he could tell.


::156::
It was unusually cool the first morning Lara set foot outside again.
They were halfway through April now and rain had just passed through the southland washing it clean and sparkly in the process.
You could see for miles.
Lara, steadying herself on Harry’s shoulder, took a deep breath that sang with Eucalyptus and freshly mowed grass. She could hear the gardener on the other side of the building, still gardening away.
Harry’s car still had that left front fender scrape he had told her about, but other than that, it, too, looked clean and happy for the overnight downpour.
“You have told him you’re bringing me,” she wanted to confirm.
“Yes ma’am.”
“He doesn’t know me from Adam,” she said.
“He knows you better than you think,” said Harry and smiled.
“You’ve told him.” A statement more than a question.
“I’ve told him some,” answered Harry.
“About what happened?”
“About you, about trees.”
“So he knows?”
“He knows what?”
“I’m not sure what I mean.”
And she wasn’t. A little apprehensive, perhaps, at having been talked about; but more so at meeting someone for the first time, someone who, by comparison, had been through a hundredfold what she had, and was still going through it, no letting up on the going through of Harry’s friend.
Swinging onto South Catalina Harry said: “Home sweet home.”
Lara turned her head, “This is your house?”
“No, a few houses up.”
Then, pointing to his left: “This is Harman-Karman’s house. And,” four houses later, “this is mine.”
A huge pine tree stood in the front yards, all washed had sparkly too from the rain. Happy to see them.
Harry drove to the end of the street, turned around and came back.
“That’s your pine,” she said, looking up as they passed again, slower this time.
“That’s my pine.”
They pulled into Harman-Karman’s driveway just as the nurse opened the front door and stepped out.
“Mister Oates,” he said, as Harry stepped out of car.
“Yes.”
“I will be back after lunch.”
“Great. Thanks.” Then, “How is he?” Harry wanted to know.
The nurse shrugged and said nothing: the internationally recognized comme ci comme ça gesture. Could obviously be better. The nurse—who looked vaguely familiar—smiled at Lara. “How are you doing?” he wondered, recognizing her.
“Better, thanks.”
“Glad to hear it.”
They passed two beautiful trees on their right. An Elm and a Juniper. Each seemingly intent on their approach. “These, too?” said Lara, finding herself smiling in their direction, actually expecting a smile back.
“Oh, yes,” said Harry.
“Have you?” she said.
“Actually, yes,” he said as he let them in. He’d almost forgotten.
There were no longer any traces of the fire. Harry had said as much on their way over, and on entering Lara got the impression that Helen had somehow made it here and given the whole house a once-over. On second thought, more like a very good restoration service. It smelled of detergent and disinfectants. Almost hospital-like.
Harman-Karman lay stretched out on top of his bed, fully dressed. Just as if simply relaxing a while. Staring at the ceiling.
But he struck Lara as unhappy.
As they entered Harman-Karman strained his eyes to see them, and would have wished—perhaps more than anything else, Lara thought—that he at least could move his head to greet them. But the paralysis had done a thorough job and in the name of completeness had taken possession of his neck as well, and so held his head firmly in place, going nowhere.
“I’ve brought Lara,” Harry said as he stepped into his friend’s field of vision. “As promised.”
Lara followed suit.
“Hi there,” she said.
Harman-Karman found her and then smiled. “You do look like Mia Farrow,” he said with that sort of directness we only allow children, invalids, and very old people—who no longer remember any better; though he said it with a sense of humor.
“So you keep saying,” Lara said, including Harry in the you.
“Well, it’s true,” said Harry. “You do.”
“How are you doing?” asked Harman-Karman.
“That was supposed to me my question,” said Lara.
“Seen better days,” said Harman-Karman.
“What’s with the suit?” said Harry.
“Always look presentable for a lady,” said Harman-Karman.
“Bet the nurse loved that,” said Harry.
“Not exactly.”
“Thought not.” Then, “Do you need anything?”
“No, I’m fine. And please sit down guys. There should be chairs over there.”
There were, and they each picked a side of the bed to pull one up to.
“And the Juniper,” said Harry, arranging himself as closely as possible to his friend. “She’s still?”
“Yes,” said Harman-Karman, and then smiled again. Maybe he wasn’t as unhappy as she’d first made out. “She’s still. She, and that Elm friend of hers. They make it bearable.”
But then the sadness Lara had sensed on entering this room seemed to return to Harman-Karman. Bearable. That was the word that did it. Well, of course it would. Anyone having to use the word bearable.
Lara sailed past it. “They talk to you?” she asked.
Again, she saw how Harman-Karman, when his eyes could not reach all the way, strained to turn his head in the direction of the voice, a reaction so ingrained he would probably never overcome it. She moved a little closer.
“No,” said Harman-Karman. “Not per se. They fill me.”
“How?”
“I thought you said you’d told her,” to Harry.
“I said your trees take care of you, is all.”
Then to Lara, “Well, they do seem to like me.”
“What is it like?” she asked.
On gathering the right words, Harman-Karman smiled again. “It’s like a dream, a very vivid dream. Like a very vivid memory. So vivid the exterior vanishes, and memory becomes all. And it’s very peaceful.”
“I know the peaceful,” said Lara.
“From the glade,” said Harman-Karman.
“So, you’ve told him that,” said Lara.
Harry, with one of his favorite phrases, which had yet to wear thin on her, “Guilty as charged.”
“Well, that’s hardly fair, is it?” Ninety percent joke; which Harry, perceptive as always, picked up on.
“All we do is talk. We talk a lot. When you talk a lot you need things to say. You’re easy to say things about.”
She had to smile at that.
“The glade is peaceful?” asked Harman-Karman.
“It’s like a cathedral,” she answered. “And maybe even more so now that the Season is over.”
“I’d like to go there,” said Harman-Karman. “I’ve pictured it from what Harry’s told me, and I’d like to compare notes.”
“Sure,” said Lara. “We’ll take you.”
“Sure,” agreed a somewhat surprised Harry. “We’ll take you.”
Lara then reached out and grasped Harman-Karman’s hand. “Can you feel this?” she asked. She could feel his skin, quite alive, and warm, and it made no sense to her that he could not feel hers back.
“Vaguely,” said Harman-Karman. “It’ as if my hand is in another room, and you were touching it there.”
“But you do feel it?”
“Yes.”
“Just can’t move it.”
“Just can’t move it. And I only feel things partially. Though,” and at this Harman-Karman looked over at Harry—still leaning close, “they say this may improve as things settle down, as the nurse put it.”
“Your tactile?” said Harry.
“Trust Harry to come up with a word like tactile,” said Harman-Karman and laughed for the first time. He had a great laugh. “Yes, my tactile.”
“You mean touch,” said Lara.
“Precisely,” said Harry.
“Harry is nothing if not precisely precise,” said Harman-Karman, and laughed again.
Harry smiled. He seemed to enjoy being laughed at by his friend. “Movement, too?” he asked, after a while.
“No.” Would have shaken his head if he could; again, Lara noticed the impulse, the very short-of-memory impulses, the forgotten immobility. “No, just the sensory part of things. With a bit of luck I’ll get some, perhaps most of it, back.”
“Ah. Well, that’s something.”
“I guess I should give thanks for small blessings,” said Harman-Karman, “but I’m not quite there yet.”
“The trees are a big blessing,” Lara felt like pointing out. It needed said.
The two men fell quiet.
Then Harman-Karman looked at her, smiled and said, “I guess I should give thanks for big blessings.” And there was nothing facetious in that.
It was a big blessing, more of a blessing than Lara had ever heard of, except Harry’s pine, and her glade.
Three people, she thought, then said, united by trees.
To which Harman-Karman replied, to Lara, “And you, Lara, how are you holding up?” He really wanted to know.


::157::
Raphael was surprised at, and a little frightened by, the summons.
Once the Seasonal Review was over and done with the Host normally fell quiet, as if asleep, until once again he stirred the new Season into approach and onslaught. Raphael thought of it as hibernation, a mammoth, invisible grizzly, deep within the planet cave, lost to the world for the length of the off-Season.
But not this year. Something kept him awake. A worry.
At the invitation—a distant wind filling him—Raphael fortified himself with Juniper bark (for to be in His presence, no matter what time of year, was to be in the presence of Storm) then reached for and found the current which seized him into rapid descent. And arrival.
The Host, not bothering the materialize, was all around, all throughout.
“That woman,” He said so hard Raphael perceived it as pain.
“The one we left for dead?” said Raphael.
“The tree ward.”
“The one we left for dead?” said Raphael, wanting to make very sure.
“Yes. The one you left for dead. And that man,” said the surrounding.
“What man?”
“Another tree friend. The man who is turning tree.”
“I don’t know what man you mean.”
“Those two have met.”
“What man do you mean?”
“They have met,” said the Host.
“I don’t understand,” said Raphael.
“They have met,” said the Host.
“What does that mean?” said Raphael.
“It may not mean anything, but it is not good. I could mean something.”
Raphael wasn’t sure how to display frustration with the Host while also staying alive. What sort of diplomacy ruled here.
“I don’t understand,” he said, and really meant it.
“It could be the beginning of a beginning of one,” said the Host.
“A beginning of what?”
“A threat.”
“A threat?”
“Trees and humans don’t talk.”
“Of course not.”
“He does.”
“How do you know?” Which, Raphael thought as the thought left him, may count as overstepping boundaries.
“I know,” said the Host. “I have eyes, I have ears. I can listen. I can see.”
“Who is this man? Who talks to trees?”
“A tree ward.”
“Like the woman?”
“Yes.”
“What would you have us do?”
“They talk of escape,” said the Host.
“That would impossible.”
“No, they have talked.”
“Escape. Escape would be impossible.”
“Of course escape is impossible, but the talk of it grates my ears and it may spread.”
“What does it matter? Escape is impossible.”
“It grates my ears,” repeated the Host, grating Raphael’s ears to make a point. Besides,” He added, “if the trees have decided to help, if they have found a way to help.”
“They might escape?”
“They might escape.”
“We should burn them,” offered Raphael.
“Yes you should.”
With that Raphael was dismissed, and again found himself repelled, then elevated, then at home, in his bedroom, on his bed, preparing for sleep. But instead of retiring, he rose and went out into his study. He called Sharid, who answered immediately.
They had a brief conversation.
Then he retired.
He did not sleep well.

Part V — Restoration


::158::
The National Guard arrived.
When by the second half of April the City of Los Angeles still had not made much of a dent with its restoration efforts, the Governor of the State decided to speed things up.
The Mayor normally took this as a personal affront—as he should—but what could you do? Buses were still not running at more than quarter capacity, at best, debris still littered much of the city, the freeways were still not cleared, and there was also an impressive amount of rodents this year.
The big news this Restoration was that San Francisco, that rival-city up north who never seemed to get its restoration-act together, was almost back to normal in what had to be (and was certainly touted as) record time—by the mid-April—and would be more than happy to lend Los Angeles a hand, they proclaimed. That, of course, was an affront and meant as such, and no one ever arrived from San Francisco; only the National Guard.
Who, much to the dismay of the LA Mayor and City Council, called in the Army Corps of Engineers, who in turn took charge of things. A week later a new and more complete (some said more honest) damage survey was complete, and plans (and resource needs) were finalized.
More troops arrived to give a hand, and for a while Los Angeles did look like a war zone, a real one, soldiers everywhere and all.
And the rodent problem, well, that turned out to be the main problem of the 2008 Season. Appears the garbage collection broke down as early as only a few days week into the Season, leaving unusual amounts of rodent food lying around and rodent word must have spread state-wide: food!
There were reports of mass migrations toward the city, moving fields of furry brown and gray. Exaggerated, surely, but there was no denying the rapid growth of the Los Angeles rat population, which in turn provided more delicious grist for the gloating San Francisco news mill.
Slowly but surely, however, the wheels of commerce and social services were freed of such furry impediments and began to move again, one after the other.
One and all took it in stride, what else could you do? At least supplies were making it to the stores now, and you could make your way to and from your local supermarkets. People were being fed; the water was drinkable, business starting up again, though the rat problem seemed to have made a permanent home on most lips. When were they ever?
:
Observers-Philosophers now began retuning to the city from their look-out posts in Utah, Colorado, and Nevada, armed with more observations and measurements and theories, the latest one, and the one making headlines this year being: It Dissolves.
The Storm does not retreat and slip into shelter: it dissolves.
So read one of the banners. It doesn’t go anywhere, it doesn’t pull back into the mountainy deserts of Utah—the most popular notion—it dissolves.
Thins out, thinner and thinner, and then gone.
Looks good on paper, apparently.
Of course, this didn’t answer the question they were all dispatched (as they are all dispatched every Season) to answer: where does it go, as in go back to? Hence, where does it come from?
Rival factions were quick to point out that this was one of the lamer admissions of failure they’d ever seen, and so flew printed mud back and forth for a while until the whole thing died down.
Happens every Season.
Besides, too many people took issues with the new theory and personally called or wrote the papers and stations with reports of seeing the storm retreat, not dissolve. Retreat.
Of course, those same reports, too, abound every Season.
:
And the Alwyn Moore news would not go away.
Well into April, Fox was still showing the burning of one of Los Angeles most famous reporters; some other stations had followed suit. It seemed like you could not get away from that horrible act of what Arrak called vengeance. A DVD of the event had made the black market, some even showing up in regular stores: well, there was no law against it.
As a result, Arrak was also—along with rats—still on many lips. Neither was the convent fire forgotten. There were mentions, though nothing had been substantiated, of new leads in that investigation. The name Blackburn Small was offered here and there by radio and television stations. Mr. Small, however, and true to form, refused to be interviewed or to confirm anything one way or another, and would you please get out of his way.
It had been a grim Season for Los Angeles.
But now, finally, thanks to the Governor and the National Guard, things were heading back if not to, at least toward, normal.


::159::
The being know as the host was exhausted.
He lay, if that image will serve, splayed across his bed, completely spent after his month-long and planet-wide copulation, with barely the strength now to enjoy a post-coitus cigarette.
Concerned, yes, concerned about the stirring of trees up there on the surface, but not too. Too exhausted in fact to worry much about anything. Besides, his army, his commander, was seeing to things. He had given his orders now, he could relax, and he really should catch a few winks, at least a few months’ worth.
And so he stabbed out his hypothetical cigarette into his hypothetical ashtray, and closed his hypothetical eyes, rolled over onto his side, and fell into a deep, coma-like sleep.
Into what Raphael thought of as hibernation.


::160::
Blackburn Small had certainly not forgotten the convent fire. Battling the Storm with as much medication as he dared consume, his by now almost fanatical focus had done the rest: he had in fact lived, eaten, drunk, and breathed the convent fire every awake moment since it happened, keeping the Storm at a manageable distance (as he thought of it) for much of the Season.
Seeing his very good friend—and the depth of that feeling had come as a surprise to him—die the worst of deaths, and for all to see, had fueled his determination beyond mere concentration, he would not rest, not even think of resting until.
And now that the Storm was over and done with, and thank God for that, he poured all of his facilities into the one single, monomaniacal focus: to bring Arrak to justice for their atrocities.
Now, with perhaps four hours of sleep under his belt, he was back in his office, studying the array of photos and connecting lines he had pasted all over the far wall, pieces of a very grim puzzle; making mental connections over and above the physically drawn ones.
His thoughts this morning circled around and around two things in particular: acetone and limousines.
They had found traces of acetone at each of the gates along with at least five reports of—now that they came to think of it, yes, and his investigators offering up a sample just to make sure—the sweet smell of it.
Acetone would not have been his first choice of flammable to start a fire, with so many odorless ones to choose from, but it sure had done the trick.
Six days before the fire a tanker carrying acetone, had set out from Long Beach headed for a manufacturing plant in Torrance. It never arrived. Even the driver had gone missing. It spoke of inside job, and they were now tracking down everything they could find about the driver.
As for limousines, specifically the limo that had taken Alwyn Moore to meet the perpetrators, it had been sighted.
Eight different reports plot the limos progress from the point of the Moore abduction, where Small himself spotted it, speeding down Vermont, turning right onto Santa Monica, again with speed, and then head west to finally reach this one West Hollywood office building which was not too tall (Alwyn’s words) and which did have a basement garage, and which—for it did add up—could very well be.
The top three floors were occupied by Crescent Imports, an import/export firm which checked out as quite bona fide, but which still very well could be.
Yet, that was all he had at this point. Acetone and the reports of a limo that most likely was (but as yet unproven—they do look the same don’t they, and no, I didn’t catch the license plate, not even sure it had license plates) the limo speeding away from the aftermath of the fire with Alwyn Moore inside, to soon thereafter turning into the basement garage. This was not enough for a search warrant he had been told, three times now, by three different judges.
We have laws in this country, and they must be followed, one of them had taken upon himself to inform Blackburn Small.
Who was now, again studying the photographs illustrating the reported path from the fire to the building—and it did match Alwyn’s recollection of turns—debating whether to disregard that lecture altogether or not. Pay a visit.
As he turned he caught sight of his face in the glass panel that served as the wall facing the rest of the department. Scarecrow came to mind, truly. He had to smile; or Flay of Gormenghast, the boney man-servant of the Earl. That was he, Blackburn Small. Well, he was blessed by very slim genes, and a metabolism that could burn wood if needed; looks were a small price to pay.
Flay would pay a visit, he decided.


::161::
Raphael caught his features in another glass panel, serving as outside wall of this particular West Hollywood office building. Not pleased by what he saw, for what he saw needed rest, needed less stress, less impossible tasks assigned by a Host that should be back in hibernation by now, and who, after his last meeting, very well might be.
“We should burn them,” he had offered. Perhaps not really meaning it.
“Yes you should,” He had answered.
And that was that.
He had offered the solution he knew the Host wanted to hear, ignoring the fact that the Season was over, they could no longer operate under the cover of Storm when most acts of violence were considered “an act of Storm” by most laws and constitutions and not really viewed as crimes, more like “acts of God.” Things were very different off-Season. The police, awake again, were diligent, laws were upheld and order was maintained. Citizens had eyes again, and ears, and would vigilantly report any suspicious activity. Precisely why Arrak, thanks to the Juniper bark, always operated under the cover of Storm.
And now he had to burn these two tree lovers. Stage, and film, another execution—without jeopardizing Arrak. And therein lay the crux: without jeopardizing his organization, his brotherhood and the overall mission, so much older, larger, and deeper than this single assignment: these two tree-lovers.
Though he doubted the Host would see it that way.
The Host, who Raphael had long since realized, could see at will anything that took place, or hear anything that was said, on the planet, but who had neither hands nor feet nor other means to affect events, to accomplish things. The Host who for that very reason needed men. Men like Arrak. Men like himself.
It was their holy union.
And now, faced with a near impossible task, Raphael did not sleep well at night. Correction, he did not sleep at all at night.
A brief knock.
“Yes.”
Sharid entered.
Raphael turned around to face him. Sharid was taken aback by his appearance, that was plain, though he did a good job of concealing it.
“Yes.”
“They are still at their respective homes. The West woman in her apartment, the Oats man at his house.”
“Thank you.”
Sharid studied his boss. “And they must burn?” he asked. “Rifles would be so easy.”
“They must burn,” confirmed Raphael. “We do not have the luxury of choice.”
Sharid nodded, grimly.
“When did you last sleep, Raphael?”
“I don’t remember.”
“Why don’t you catch some sleep, right now? We know where they are, and we will not let them out of our sight. We will let you know if anything untoward happens.”
“Untoward?” Raphael had to smile.
“Out of the ordinary.”
“I know what it means, my friend.”
Sharid, too, smiled. Then said, “Please, Raphael, you need some rest.”
“Perhaps you’re right,” and he had made up his mind to take his friend’s advice, if only for an hour or so, when another knock on the door announced urgent business.
Sharid opened, spoke angrily, listened angrily, closed the door.
“Blackburn Small,” he said.
“What about him?” Raphael asked.
“He is here to see you.”
:
A tall man that looked every bit as tired as himself entered. So tall and so thin that he struck Raphael a little like that man-servant in the book by Mervyn Peake, Gormenghast, was it? What was the man’s name? Raphael could not for the world come up with a name; then he chided himself for veering so completely off of what was taking place—another side-effect from lack of sleep, he realized that. But this was not time for lapses, not at all.
Sharid, after showing the man in, had seated himself by Raphael’s desk, not speaking. Raphael remained standing.
The stride of this tall, tired man, spoke of determination: it was straight, strong, and focused (was the word that sprung to Raphael’s mind). Here stood a formidable adversary, a dangerous adversary, and only then did it catch up with Raphael that he stood here, had arrived here, in his office, the officer who was investigating the convent fire, and suddenly Raphael was as awake as he’d ever been.
“Officer Small,” he said, extending a hand which Blackburn Small ignored. “I am Raphael Essa. What can I do for you?”
Instead the officer was lookout out the windows, at the hills beyond and the Hollywood sign.
“Do you now that this sign used to say ‘Hollywoodland?’ Back in the thirties.”
Which, if possible, brought Raphael even more alert. This man was truly dangerous. “Yes,” Raphael said. “As a matter of fact.”
That earned him a steady, appraising glance from Blackburn Small, who then began to nod slowly. “Yes, you would,” he said.
“What can I do for you, Mr. Small?”
“I’d like to see the conference room where you took Alwyn Moore?”
Sharid shifted as casually as possible, but Raphael could almost hear Sharid’s heart miss a few beats.
Raphael let a puzzled silence fill the room. And fill it some more. Then said:
“Oh, where are my manners? This is Sharid Sam,” indicating Sharid, “an officer of the company.”
Again, this Gormenghast character ignored the pleasantries. And instead repeated his question: “I’d like to see the conference room where you took Alwyn Moore?”
“I don’t follow.”
“Alwyn Moore,” said Blackburn Small. “You are familiar with Alwyn Moore?”
“Obviously. The terrible, terrible.”
“The terrible, yes.” Blackburn Small cut him off. Sharid made another movement: no one treated Raphael like this, other than this man. “She was brought here, in a limousine, blindfolded, to this very building, where she was then interviewed by three men.”
Then added, “In one of your conference rooms.”
Raphael let the puzzled silence return, if possible even a little more puzzled.
“I don’t understand,” he said. Then, out of precisely nowhere the name arrived: Flay. The effort it took for Raphael to not smile was a feat of will.
Blackburn Small looked out the window again, let his gaze linger. “You have quite a view from here.”
When Raphael didn’t answer, Blackburn Small said, apropos of not really anything, as casual as rain: “Would you mind showing me around a little?”
Sharid drew breath to speak and Raphael knew what was coming, knew but prayed it would not. Sharid musts not say:
“Do you have a search warrant?” Was precisely what Sharid should not have said for Raphael, slightly panicked now, saw it feed the small flame of doubt still burning in Blackburn Small into the brighter flame of certainty.
The officer spun around to face Sharid. “Nothing so formal,” he said. “Just a friendly visit.”
“You must understand,” said Raphael, scrambling internally to say something absolutely plausible to this now absolute threat:
“We are an international trading company. We are very successful at what we do. A key to our success is that we never share or expose our proprietary operation—call it trade secrets, if you will—to anyone, and so, I’m sure you understand, we cannot indulge the whim of anyone, whether an officer of the law or not, who’d like to take a stroll throughout our premises.” Many plausible words in a row. Blackburn Small actually looked impressed.
But the light of certainty no longer flickered. At all. “I see.”
“So I apologize.”
“No tour?”
“No tour.”
“Without a search warrant?”
“No tour,” said Raphael. “I’m sorry.”
“Pity,” said Blackburn Small. “I had been looking forward to it.”
The ensuing silence stood so still it might have crystallized. Raphael could almost hear the twinkle of shattering icicles as Blackburn Small said:
“I’ll go see the judge then.”
“I hope you understand,” said Raphael, still trying to act embarrassed about his refusal.
“That’s just it,” said Blackburn Small. “I do understand.”
He then turned and saw himself out.
:
Raphael had to reach the Host.
He had to report back.
He had to gain approvals.
He had to get directions.
But he had no means to. None.


::162::
Again, Harman-Karman asked Harry about the glade.
Every day since Lara had made her promise, when Harry showed up to see, and comfort, his friend, Harman-Karman asked about the glade. When were they going?
The day was warm, and Harman-Karman’s face glistened from a fine layer of perspiration. He looked a little uncomfortable.
“As soon as Lara feels up to it.” The stock answer.
“Well, tell her to speed up.” The stock retort.
“You hot?” asked Harry.
“No, I’m fine.”
Harry found a towel and dabbed his forehead and cheeks. “Better?”
“Thanks, yes.”
“Any change?”
“You keep asking that.”
“Well, I want to know.”
“No, nothing yet. They say it’s a slow process. Months. Years. You ask every day.”
“I know.”
“Well, don’t. I don’t want to think about it.”
“Sorry.”
A few heartbeats.
“No, I’m sorry.” Then, “How’s the girlfriend?”
“She’s not my girlfriend.”
“Sweetheart, then.”
“That neither. She’s just a friend. A good friend.”
Another few heartbeats.
“Do you believe in fate, Harry?”
A couple of Harry’s.
“No, not really.”
“That things are meant to be?”
“Predestined?”
“In a way, yes.”
“No, Harman-Karman, I cannot believe that.”
“Why not?”
“For one, who would do the determining? And for two, would be powerful enough to effect it?”
“God, perhaps?”
Harry had thought about it. Had thought about precisely that. Both as regards Harman-Karman and his meeting Lara. As if a guiding hand. But that could only apply to Lara. No guiding hand was vicious enough to steer Harman-Karman into two spinal bullets.
“I put more credence in karma.”
“Strange word that.”
“I know.”
“My name has nothing to do with it, I gather?”
“I would have thought not.”
“But isn’t karma and fate synonymous?”
“No, not really.”
“What is the difference?”
“Karma is sort of the ethical residue, or echo, of what you do. It does come from the Sanskrit word karman, just like your name, and it means action. Also effect. It’s what you do, and the effect of what you do.”
“Ethical residue. How did you come up with that?”
“I read it somewhere. The spiritual and ethical operational residue of every act. Something like that.”
“What you do?”
“Yes.”
“Determines what you get?”
“Precisely.”
“So, tell me Harry, what could I have possibly have done? What damage have I caused to deserve this?”
Many heartbeats. Both Harman-Karman’s and Harry’s, as if in suspenseful unison. A song of a bird drifted in to rest on the silence. Harry was at a loss for words. Finally found and dredged some up. They were not very good:
“I don’t know, Harman-Karman. I honestly don’t know.”
But they were true.
“Perhaps in a previous life,” said Harman-Karman.
“Perhaps,” said Harry.
“Do you believe in them?”
“I’m beginning to.”
“And karma works from one life to the next?”
“I believe so.”
“Then I was a fucking bastard last life.”
“Perhaps you were.”
“Perhaps I was.”
:
That night Harman-Karman whispered, and Harry wrote:

H-K Journal 4/18/08
What could I possibly have done?
What crime deserves this punishment?
I feel like the butterfly in its pupa, only the shell is too strong, too unforgiving, and refuses, no matter how much or deeply I beg, to release me.
What could I possibly have done?
Harry thinks it’s karma.
Harry thinks I’ve done something to deserve this. Of course he hasn’t said it in so many words, but he does believe in karma, in the ethical residue of our actions—as he puts it—and I doubt such belief can make allowances for friends and family.
And since it’s almost my name.
And were I to be honest, somewhere deep in the crevices of memory, I think that perhaps he is right. Perhaps there is something so hideous hidden there—from this life, or the one before it, or the one before it—that its tentacles alone can explain the cocoon-prison I find myself in.
Amazingly, Harry doesn’t even flinch writing this: he’s becoming good at channeling his friend Harman-Karman.


::163::
Lara was up and about when Harry arrived.
The nurse had just left—they may even have met on the stairs, Harry and her—leaving good news behind: healed. Amazingly well. As healed as she was going to get. Lara had brought the news with her into the bathroom to study the scar in the door-length mirror, minutes of it, scrutinizing.
It was a long, lightly pink welt, a thin thin finger carved upon her stomach; upon her a little less flat than usual stomach, she had to admit. Well, it’s all this lying around.
She traced the scar and was feeling its numbness. No feeling at all on the ridge itself, only in her finger. The traced both sides of the ridge: feeling. The traced the ridge again: no feeling.
They don’t tell you about that. Patterned by numbness.
Which is when Harry rang the doorbell, three short bursts of it, and let himself in.
Lara scrambled back into her clothes then flushed the toilet as if to prove that she had not been studying her scar in the mirror, she’d been doing something else, yes, sir.
“You’re up.” Harry was a little surprised. “I was going to fix you some tea, and a treat,” he said, holding up a brown bag with a big bagel on it. “Whole-wheat,” he said.
“I’ll crawl back in bed,” she said.
“So, it’s okay. You’re okay being up and about?”
“Harriet the nurse just left,” said Lara.
“I thought I saw her,” said Harry.
“As good as I’m going to get, is what she said. As far as the scar goes. The doctor wants to make some tests, just to make sure the other bits and pieces are cooperating as well, in a few days.”
“Well, you look like all of you is working,” said Harry.
A small silence appeared.
They both rushed to fill it:
“Harman-Karman wants to know,” said Harry.
“I want to go to the glade,” said Lara
Neither could quite make out what the other had just said.
“You first,” said Harry, and laughed.
“We should go to the glade,” said Lara. “You, me, and Harman-Karman.”
“I was just going to ask you,” said Harry. “Harman-Karman won’t stop asking me about it.”
“Great minds,” said Lara.
“Think alike,” said Harry. Then added, “You sure you’re up for it.”
“No,” said Lara.
“But you want to go anyway.”
“Yes.”
“Well, then let’s.”
“You know what you are?” said Lara.
“My guess would be no,” said Harry.
“A saint,” she said, and as she said it it struck her as very true. The man had taken a year off work, for heaven’s sake, to look after his friends, plural. That’s how he had put it: Harman-Karman and her, his two friends.
And here he was, saintly holding a brown bagel bag in hand, still slightly raised to proclaim: whole-wheat. He really was a saint.
Something was working its way to Harry’s surface, a retort of some kind, but Harry’s real answer—which seemed to surprise Harry as well—beat it to the punch: “Thank you,” he said. And meant it.
Which is when Lara stepped up to him and planted the softest of kisses on his left cheek. Had her lips been a brush and his cheek a canvas, they would have hardly left a mark. Still, the touch was profound. A declaration of sorts. A pact.
“Saint Harry,” said Lara to defuse the moment.
Harry did not say “Guilty as charged.”
Instead he said nothing. Just smiled and turned for the kitchen and tea and bagels. Whole-wheat.
:
When Harry returned the following day, Lara was all but ready.
They were going to stay the night, she had decided. She wanted to sleep to the wind in the trees, to the smell of pine, and the whisper of tiny waves licking the shore, barely hearable though much noticed in its absence.
She wanted to feel protected again, and had told Harry as much. He hadn’t seen why not, Saint Harry hadn’t, and had gone off to get himself and Harman-Karman set to go as well.
She had the route mapped out—marked in broad yellow. Her backpack (happy to finally) filled with what they might need. Blankets. Food. Matches. First Aid. All set.
“Can’t think of anything else,” she said.
“Water?”
“Yes.”
“Flashlight?”
“Yes.”
“You’ve done this before,” said Harry.
“Yes.”
“Sensible shoes?”
“We don’t have too far to walk,” said Lara. “But yes, they’re sensible.”
Harry inspected Lara’s feet. Yes, he agreed, they were sensible.
“Well, then,” he said, and swung her backpack upon his shoulders. “We’re off to see your trees.”
:
It had taken some convincing, but Harman-Karman’s nurse had finally agreed: yes he could go for a day—and a night. It was going to be a “bother” as he put it, but if Harry felt up to it, sure, he guessed Harman-Karman was too.
And certainly was: casually dressed (another heroic nurse effort), ready for whatever outdoors they might face, down to, yes, sensible shoes.
“About time,” he said from the living room sofa when they arrived. Sitting, if not up, at least on its way, not quite seeing them yet.
“You’re up,” said Harry.
“We’re up,” said the nurse. Just to be precise.
“Ready?” said Lara from the door.
“As I’ll ever be,” said Harman-Karman.
Getting Harman-Karman to Harry’s car was the easy part. Getting him into the Honda Prelude’s under-sized back seat took some maneuvering, and then safely ensconced, seat-belted and all, some more of it; all the while the nurse ran a running commentary for Lara’s benefit: see this, hold here, lift there—she was, after all, going to perform nurse tasks once they arrived, without hurting herself in the process. She suffered the man, listened, looked, nodded, and took good mental notes.
“We should have taken my car,” said Harman-Karman as a brilliant afterthought once they pulled onto the 134 heading east. “Moore room in the back.”
“I’m not going back,” said Harry.
“You okay?” said Lara turning around from the passenger seat.
“I’m fine,” said Harman-Karman. “Harry’s got such yankable chains.”
Which, Lara noticed, drew a smile on Harry’s face, though he didn’t turn around to show it. There was some sort of scoring system here, and this one was a tie, but only as long as Harman-Karman couldn’t see Harry smile.
Lara thought of adjusting the rearview mirror so that he could, but thought better of it. That would be cheating.


::164::
He wished he could look around, but the road ahead wasn’t too bad. He couldn’t complain. Sure beat his bedroom ceiling.
Harry was concentrating on driving and trying not to smile, or not to show that he was, one or the other. Lara was looking at the map, then out and around, and every now and then back at Harman-Karman, making sure he was fine. Then back to the map once again.
Harman-Karman looked up into the rearview mirror and caught the top of Harry’s head along with his eyes. Harry, sensing he was being watched, cast a brief glance back in return.
“You okay?”
“Fine.”
Then Harman-Karman, eyes working their range, caught a view of the side mirror on Lara’s side. And again. And again. A faint stirring of another memory. A black car memory.
Don’t be ridiculous, Harman-Karman. There are a million black cars in Los Angeles alone. Another look. Four cars back, a black car.
Harry was not the fastest of drivers, and Harman-Karman figured he’d get a good look at the car once it passed them—it gave him the impression of a car that should be in a hurry.
Several cars did pass them, then some more, but not the black one.
Harman-Karman looked in the side mirror again. The black car was still four cars back. Now that was odd, and that stirred memory harder.
“I think we’re being followed,” he said.
Not that it got any quieter in the car, for no one had been talking, but his comment seemed to effect just that. Lara turned, as did Harry.
“Watch the road,” said Harman-Karman.
“What made you say that?” said Harry.
“Four cars back,” said Harman-Karman. Black sedan. Mercedes.
Harry’s gaze shifted to the rearview mirror. “I see it.”
Lara looked over her shoulder. “Why do you think?”
“It’s remained four cars back for a while, and Harry is not exactly tearing up the road.”
“Perhaps we should,” said Harry, and shifted down.
Five minutes later Harry said: “He’s still four cars behind us.”
“Let’s slow down,” said Harman-Karman. “See what they do.”
Which Harry did, moving over to the far right-hand lane. It took only a minute for the black Mercedes to overtake them. Darkened side and rear windows, no good view of the people inside. Harry made out a driver and a passenger through the windshield as they approached, but could not tell about the back seat.
Lara the same.
“Arrak,” said Harman-Karman as the Mercedes sped away up ahead.
“You sure?” said Harry.
“Yes.” Then, “They’ll be more careful in the future.”
“So will we,” said Lara. Which was a very right thing to say.
:
They changed speed and lanes several times between Pomona and San Bernardino. No black-car recurrence.
“How can you be sure?” asked Harry, as they left the freeway for California 30.
“I’ve seen them before. Their cars.”
“This is not good,” said Lara.
“But you can’t be positive, right?”
“Not positive, no,” said Harman-Karman, “but I would put some money on it if it came to that.”
“I hope you’re wrong,” said Harry.
“Believe me, so do I.”
“Why would they?” said Lara.
“Perhaps they want to finish the job,” said Harman-Karman with little or no thought—thinking about himself, and actually sounding vaguely hopeful. But as he noticed Lara pale he saw his terrible blunder: “No, no,” he said. “I forgot, I’m sorry. I meant me.”
Then Lara made that connection, and began to unpale. “Do you really think so?”
“I don’t know,” said Harman-Karman. “But it’s conceivable.”
Harry nodded. “It is conceivable.”
“Left here,” said Lara, looking at the map.
“Onto 330?”
“Yes.”
Harry complied, and Harman-Karman soon saw that they were heading for the mountains.
After about ten or so miles, Harry pulled over, just to make sure. Five minutes went by, then five me. Nobody spoke. Expecting the worse. Another black car, or the same.
But nothing caught up with them. Of any color. A good sign.
Harry pulled out and they were on their way again.
After a while the road narrowed and Harman-Karman noticed the sings change to 18.
“Left here,” said Lara looking at the map and down the road.
The narrower road slowly—with Harry driving—wound its way around the lake. Harman-Karman managed a glimpse of it here and there when the angle of the road to the lake was just right. Then they’d veer left and the lake was lost again.
Driving through a small place called Fawnskin Lara said “Almost there.”
A minute. Another. “Here. On the right. Turn in here.”
:
Onto a small unpaved road, leading into trees with the promise of water farther ahead.
There were no buildings here, and the road got progressively worse. Harman-Karman wasn’t so sure this road really agreed with Harry’s Prelude. Then a scrape—as the low-riding car hit something, rock, root, something disagreeable—concurred.
And worse, and worse still.
Harry slowed, slowed, stopped the car.
“It’s down there,” said Lara pointing to her left and the lighter air among the trees that meant lake. Harman-Karman could almost make it out.
“We’ll have to walk from here,” said Harry. “There’s no way.”
“This is no dirt bike,” said Lara. Not accusingly, just a fact.
“It’s a car,” agreed Harry. “It likes asphalt. It especially likes asphalt, does my car.”
As if by prearranged signal Harry and Lara opened their doors at the same time and climbed out.
“How far?” said Harry, with—Harman-Karman was pretty sure—Harman-Karman in mind.
“Down there,” he heard Lara reply. Probably pointing.
“Let’s bring our gear first, and make a place for Harman-Karman,” said Harry, at his most practical all of a sudden.
Lara made agreeing noises, and Harman-Karman could hear the trunk pop, and hands and arms just behind him gathering what they had brought.
A few moments later Harry popped his head in: “We’re taking this down there. We’ll be back in a moment to fetch you.”
Fetch.
That’s Harry for you.
He saw the backs of his best friend, and his best friend’s girlfriend (which Harry still denied: it’s a girl friend, Harman-Karman, a woman friend, not a girlfriend) disappear down the path. The rooty, rocky, stony, pine-needly path, and then they were gone.
And here all was amazingly quiet (but for the occasional snap—like very fine twigs breaking under the weight of air—of the engine cooling). Peaceful.
Though not altogether welcoming.
There were trees everywhere, and suddenly Harman-Karman grew intensely aware of them. A congregation of forest elders, not necessarily approving of his arrival. Of him being there. At all.
Lara had closed her door. Harry had left his open, and through it came scent, as strong and as pure as he had breathed in a long time, if ever.
His Seasonal sensitivity had subsided, of course, but this needed not such magnification. This was a forest taking a look inside the car, permeating him in the process. With—yes, the sticky piney resiny of bark in the sun mingled with the damp green soggy universe of root. And air, as if from the top of these giants somewhere. Harman-Karman wished he could look up, wished he could peak up through the sunroof he more sensed than saw above his head. Not that it was open, he would have noticed that.
The inside of the car had grown forest as well. Many trees now here to look him over, to pass judgment, to accept or reject—at least, that’s how it felt to Harman-Karman, and suddenly he thought of Alwyn Moore, and wished more than anything that she could have shared this with him.
And at the thought of Alwyn it was as if the memory of flame singed the scent, for it withdrew—slightly alarmed, startled, wary suddenly: was this non-moving man going to combust on us?—then only gradually returned, tree by tree. Inspecting still. Passing judgment still. Jury still out.
Then, a little while later, as he spotted Harry, then Lara, too, down the path—or what pretended to be one—heading for him now, he knew—don’t ask him how, just knew—that whatever test he had been given, whatever standards he had been judged by, he had passed if not with flying colors, and perhaps grudgingly, at least passed.
Fine with them.
This was all crazy, of course.
But then he thought of his Juniper, and his Elm, and it un-crazied again. It was happening all right.
They reached the car. “This is going to be a haul,” said Harry, opening the passenger side door and poking his head in.
“I’ve lost some weight,” suggested Harman-Karman helpfully.
“Not nearly enough,” said Harry.
And so began the project of one: removing him from the car, and two: bringing him to Lara’s cave.
One went surprisingly well, all things considered, but then they were both fresh and untired by the one hundred seventy or so pounds that still made up a fairly fit and well-built Harman-Karman. It took less than a minute to have him up and leaning against the side of the car, Lara holding him up now and propped against the back window, while Harry closed and locked the doors. Harman-Karman’s head fell back and now he could see the top of trees, all of them, and sky, and damn it if they weren’t looking back down.
“He’s really heavy,” said Lara.
“I beg your pardon,” said Harman-Karman.
Harry materialized and took over from Lara. Just holding him in place. Lara went to his other side.
“I can’t take his full weight,” she said.
“You won’t have to. Just help me keep him balanced. I’ll take the weight.”
And damn it if he didn’t.
Using Harman-Karman’s left arm as a sling, Harry did shoulder most of the one hundred seventy or so pounds of his friend, while Lara—using his right arm the same way—supplied balance and now and then hefted some of his weight as well.
It worked. For several slow minutes and not much ground covered, it worked. Then Harman-Karman’s left foot, which was dragging on the path, caught a root and they almost dropped him.
“Jesus,” said Harry.
“Ditto,” said Lara.
Harry stopped, repositioned Harman-Karman’s arm and weight. Looked over at Lara. “You okay?”
“Sort of.”
“Want to put him down?”
“Yes,” she said.
They lowered him down to sitting, and then eased him over to lean his back against a barky trunk.
“More than you bargained for?” suggested Harman-Karman.
“Lots,” said Harry, sweating a little, and looking around as if hoping to find a gurney and a paved path—preferably with a nurse or two to help.
No such luck.
“You can drag me like this, I don’t mind.”
Harry thought that over. “It may come to that,” he said.
It came to that.
Over stonier and rootier path it came to that. All thoughts of saving Harman-Karman’s jeans and his sensible shoes from ruin were abandoned after the first few yards. They were taking the brunt of the punishment.
“I’ve never heard you grunt before,” observed Harman-Karman cheerfully after a while, in what he intended to be Harry’s direction.
“Almost there,” said Lara.
“How are you holding up?” asked Harry.
When Lara didn’t answer, Harman-Karman assumed the question was meant for him. “No problem this end, so far,” he said. “You owe me a pair of jeans, though. And shoes.”
“You owe me a month’s salary,” said Harry.
“Almost there,” said Lara. It struck Harman-Karman as a sort of mantra. Almost there.
But they were almost there. Harman-Karman, proceeding back first, noticed the trees thinning into what first felt like, and then grew into, a clearing. The ground smoothed out as well.
“Almost there,” said Lara.
Harman-Karman smelled water, and tried to turn his head to get a view of the lake he knew lay just behind him.
When would he ever learn?
Harry grunted again, and so did Lara. Another step, and another, and then they were there. They pulled him around and brought him up to lean against a rock face that felt warm to him.
And then, as if on cue, the sun broke back out of the clouds, to resume its rock-warming.
Harman-Karman blinked at the sudden light, reflected a thousand times by the thousand little waves on the lake ahead.
A breeze touched his face with pine and welcome.
And then it caught up with him: he was feeling the warmth on his back. He was feeling the warmth.
And seeing a still out of breath Harry and an equally winded Lara smile down at him, and then at each other and down at him again, here and now—the sun wrestling itself free of all cloud and pouring it on—all was suddenly well with the world of Harman-Karman.


::165::
Harry looked down upon his friend, who was looking up at him, then back down toward the lake, then smiled and seemed quite pleased with things.
When Harman-Karman looked back up at him again, Harry said, after taking yet another big gulp of air:
“I’m not going through that again. We’re going to have to leave you here.”
“Fine with me,” said Harman-Karman.
Lara had such a fine laugh. More like a giggle. Harman-Karman’s eyes made for her, his happy smile still in place.
So far, so good.
Harry turned toward the lake. All aglitter with sun now. And fresh. The air that came off the water spoke a language Harry had not heard for a long time. One he had all but forgotten.
But there it was: alive. So very, and nicely, alive.
Lara seemed to sense his joy at this, for she giggled again, at nothing in particular, or at him in particular.
“Nice, isn’t it?” she said.
“Yes,” said Harman-Karman.
“Yes,” said Harry.


::166::
Inevar perceived their arrival with grave interest.
The man and the woman and their tree-like friend, all trunk and unmovable limbs among the sentinels of trunks and unmovable limbs.
The woman had come to restore something lost, this was clear. And to apologize. The man had come out of devotion, this was clear. And out of curiosity. The tree had come out of loss, that was clear. And for no other reason.
The men following, at good distance now, had come out of anger. And because they had been ordered to burn. This was clear.
:
The ancient Bristlecone spread himself among the sentinels of the glade. He infused the nearby forest with so much ancientness that they could almost, to a tree, hear the original choice, almost see their journey here. And they could, to a tree, clearly hear his voice:
“These humans,” he said, “are dear to me, and are dear to you.”
The eldest of the elders, not a little taken aback at the visit, and at the imperative tone of the Bristlecone, said: “What is dear to me, to us, is for us to declare.”
“The man, the one who moves,” said the Bristlecone, “can talk to us.”
“We suspected as much,” said the old sentinel.
“The woman, your ward, has suffered much.”
“We suspected as much,” said the old sentinel.
“The unmoving man has suffered more, and still is.”
“That, too, is plain.”
“Treat them as if they were of us,” said Inevar. “Though with a little more respect.”
By this time others of the glade had realized who was talking and were urgently bringing this to the attention of the eldest. It is the Bristlecone.
The Bristlecone.
The rumored to exist ur-tree, the father of them all. The perhaps only myth. Talking. To. Them.
For all his pride, the same conclusion finally arrived with the eldest, and it was with some humility he now said: “We will treat them as if they were of this forest, as if they were our elders.”
And greater respect can not be offered in any direction by any tree.
“Others,” said the Bristlecone, “are coming. Will soon be there. By order of the Father of Seasons. They mean to burn. You must stop them.”
“We will stay vigilant and we will stop them,” said the eldest of the elders.
“May your roots reach water and your air be free of all fire.”
A leave-taking so old that not even the eldest of the elders remembered it as such. Still, composed now, and not a little honored, he replied: “You too.”
:
Harry’s Pine stood to attention when the Bristlecone sang.
“The Father of Seasons means them harm,” he said.
“The man, the woman, their friend?”
“They care not about their friend.”
“My human and his woman friend?”
“Yes. He means to burn them.”
“What would you have me do?”
“Stay vigilant. And, as I asked, send them to me.”
“It is more urgent than before?”
“It is as urgent as before, only more so.”
Which did make sense to Harry’s Pine.
“They are not here now,” said Harry’s Pine.
“I know. Other trees are watching over them.”
“I will stay vigilant. And I will send him to you.”
“Them. The woman, too.”
“I will send my human and his woman friend to you.”
“I will expect them.”
At that the Bristlecone withdrew, leaving Harry’s Pine feeling slightly blessed, as if a deity had bestowed goodwill upon him. Then he feared for his human and his woman friend: The Father of Seasons meant them harm. Meant to burn them.
Did that mean, he wondered, that the Father of Seasons knew, had a way of knowing, that the man who called himself Harry could turn tree?


::167::
The four men parked well behind the Honda Prelude. So far back they were just off the main road.
Rumor had reached their ears—rumor has a way of doing that, no matter how confidential the subject—that four of their peers had been sent to Persia (another way of saying liquidated) for failing to carry out an assignment.
It was not altogether clear what the assignment had been, but a sibling rumor had it that it involved this very woman they were now to burn along with a man called Harry Oats.
Follow, and keep an eye on, was the standing order, and as soon as a safe (meaning, without putting Arrak in any danger) way of effecting the burning presented itself, execute.
Failure would not be tolerated, for any reason.
And Sharid had been emphatic: for any reason. Persia ringing in his threat.
Now, could they have hoped for a better opportunity? Mingus, the one responsible for carrying out Sharid’s assignment—yes, named for the jazz bassist—dressed in all black down to his socks and sneakers, same as the other three, was shaking his head in near disbelief at his luck.
On a platter, came to mind, served up. As remote as you could have hoped for. No one around. And they were not going anywhere now, were they? What with the cripple to carry around, and now on foot. Of course, on foot they no longer sported the tracking device, still tattletaling from the underbelly of the now parked Honda.
Still, how far would they get dragging the cripple?
Mingus returned to the car where other three were waiting. He put a finger to his lips. Okay, we do this very quietly.
He checked his men and their equipment: weapons, rope, acetone, video camera, video cards? All present and accounted for. Let’s move out.
“Same as the Moore woman?” he’d asked Sharid.
“Same as Alwyn Moore.”
“Video Footage?”
“Did we video Alwyn Moore?”
“Yes.”
“So, yes, video footage. Of course.”
“Got it.”
“Any other questions?”
“No.”
And here it was, the golden opportunity. So golden it almost hurt.
To be honest, Mingus did wonder what the big deal was. They looked like ordinary people to him, except for the cripple, who he knew wasn’t ordinary. Another rumor had it he’d killed a lot of his colleagues at the Alwyn Moore house; and that the only reason he was alive was that he’d suffer more from his current condition than from death.
Well, serves him right. Looked pretty pathetic now. Not going to do any more killing, is he?
A minute later they reached the parked Honda.
Mingus took a brief look inside the car. Nothing of interest. A map in the passenger seat, a highlighted route leading, yes, right here. Something special here.
Again, with a finger to his lips, he signaled his men to follow, and he set out down the road which quickly turned path, careful not to step on anything which might announce their presence.
The path narrowed further and turned rootier. It almost seemed like the trees were moving closer in, narrowing the path, as they stole along it, it really did. At one point he turned to see if his men were noticing it too. Not that it was actually taking place, but it sure as hell gave that impression.
No, apparently not, they were as intent as he on moving quietly, alert to any movement up ahead.
A bend to the right, a bend to the left. Roots now lying like curled snakes in their path; some so intricately ancient it took all his attention to negotiate them.
And there was the lake. The path ceased as abruptly as a path could possibly cease, into a narrow band of stones and pebbles, then water.
Nothing but.
Sharid’s phrase reached him from Persia: For any reason.
Mingus grew cold, very.
“Did anybody see them?” he wanted to know, and a little louder than he had intended.
Nos all around.
“We missed a turnoff,” he said. “The path must have branched.”
“Doubt it,” said one of his men.
“If not, where are they?” said Mingus.
“Don’t know,” said the same man.
“We missed a turnoff,” he said again, and turned back onto the path, which, if possible, seemed narrower still. And rootier.
And windier.
It could not have taken them more than ten minutes to reach the lake, Mingus was positive, could have sworn. But here they were, twenty minutes later still on the path, still negotiation branches and roots, and no sign of the Honda, or their own car for that matter.
And no missed turnoff, not a one.
And then, suddenly, the lake again.
Mingus froze. Could not believe his eyes. This, on paper, was impossible.
He turned to his men to confirm.
Who looked as bewildered as he was. Both of them.
Both of them.
“Where’s Armstrong?”
They both turned in the direction they had come from expecting the laggard to appear any moment with the video equipment: what the hell was he thinking about? They had to stay together.
And expecting.
Armstrong would not oblige.
And would not oblige.
A trickle of sweat set out down Mingus’ spine, chilling him as it fell. Into something terribly wrong now.
“Were we followed?” he whispered.
They both looked at him as if he had just uttered something in a strange and foreign tongue, uncomprehending.
“Were we followed?” he said again, a little louder. “Anyone behind us?”
That apparently communicated.
“No.”
“Absolutely not.”
“And we’re not traced?” Mingus wanted to know.
“The car was clean when we left,” said Bruiser. Not his cocky self anymore, Mingus noted with a trace of satisfaction despite the circumstance.
“And we didn’t stop anywhere,” added the Finn.
“We wait,” said Mingus.
And they did, until waiting any longer seemed both ludicrous and perhaps even dangerous. For something was not at all right.
“Let’s go back to the car,” he said and turned back onto the path. “And stay close,” he added over his shoulder.
It took them half an hour to reach the lake again, and now, despite their vigilance, they had lost Bruiser.
“He was just here,” said the Finn. “I mean, a minute ago. If that.”
Mingus didn’t answer. Couldn’t answer. Throat too dry.
They waited. No Bruiser.
“We must have been followed,” said Mingus, although he knew that was highly unlikely. But so was any alternative scenario, if not unlikelier.
The Finn, normally the coolest of characters, looked decidedly uneasy and kept looking around him, as if the answer lay in the dense population of trees that, damn it, seemed to move closer and closer as they stood almost getting their feet wet.
Mingus looked out over the lake, and actually wondered how hard it would be to swim across.
The Finn said something he couldn’t quite make out. Mingus turned to ask what.
No Finn.
No trace.
Which is when Mingus, normally cooler even than the Finn, panicked, and rushed headlong into the water and began swimming for the opposite shore.
For many a stroke he didn’t even notice that the water was not warm, not at all, then, midlake—as if it had been waiting, and dying, to tell him for a while now—it informed him: it was freezing.
And the other thing it said was that he probably should have removed his clothes, and definitely his shoes, before setting out. Would have been a much better idea, for then his arms would not have felt so heavy, nor his legs; nor would his body weigh so much, nor would his head be so hard to keep above the now choppy surface; yes, would have been a much better idea.
He thought—and the though was like a fleeting thing, a distant bird perhaps, not really visible, but there nonetheless—that he should remove his shoes; he even tried to reach them, but realized as he fought to stay afloat that the laces were wet, the knot impossible to undo. So, instead he tried to kick them off, and kicking he sank, and kicking he sank.
They say drowning is the best way to go.


::168::
Lara faced the lake, the sun, the clouds, the trees. This, she thought—or felt more than thought—this was home.
She had to laugh. Then she turned to Harry, who, studying the lake as well, seemed to concur.
“Nice, isn’t it?” she said.
“Yes,” said Harman-Karman from where he sat, back against the rocky, mossy wall.
“Yes,” said Harry, turning toward her, smiling, too.
She looked down at Harman-Karman, who tried to, but couldn’t quite, not to where she was standing, meet her eyes. He, too, was smiling though. She bent down so he could see her face. “This is it,” she said. “Home away from home.”
“You comfortable?” she added.
“As a matter of fact, yes,” said Harman-Karman. Then, “I can feel the warmth.”
“Of the sun?”
“Of the rock. On my back.”
“It’s coming back,” said Harry.
“That is wonderful,” said Lara.
She sat down beside him, then had no idea what to say next. So said nothing. Just leaned back against the rock, and slightly, too, against Harman-Karman’s left shoulder—wondering if he could feel that, too—and rested her eyes on the glittering water.
Harry, shielding his eyes with his hand to keep a thousand reflections at bay, face the lake as well. Then he bent his head back and looked up at the top of trees, then turned slowly as if tracing the upper rim of her glade, the circle of towering sentinels.
Now completing the circle, one elder to the next.
“They’ve adopted you,” he said in the end.
She looked up at him, dark now against the sun, “You can tell?”
He performed another slow circle before he answered, as if absorbing the forest:
“And they’re glad you’re back. I’m not so sure how they feel about us though,” meaning himself and Harman-Karman.
Then Lara said something that although the implications actually scared her, she realized, as it left her mouth, was true:
“You’re here, aren’t you?”
Harry didn’t answer right away, instead he sat down beside her, shoulders not quite touching. “That’s true,” he said. “We are.”
Although there was no longer the Storm to shield her from, Lara felt sheltered nonetheless, protected by the quiet wall of tree surrounding. She could feel the wall, as depth, as a breathing presence, grudgingly pleased, though a little annoyed with her for being such a fool: and in the heart of this presence, among the more distant depth of trees, much shifting about—as if someone was moving—and she thought she heard voices.
She listened harder, but there was nothing.
“Believe it or not,” she said straight ahead, to the lake, to the sky, to Harry and Harman-Karman. “They really kept the Storm out. This clearing was like a harbor, like a breathing space, no mist here, it would reach all the way to the edge, white and high and hungry, but they would keep it out.”
“You could see it?” said Harman-Karman.
She turned to face him, “Oh yes.”
“At bay,” said Harry, as if tasting the word.
“How long have you known about this?” said Harman-Karman. “And how did you find it?”
“Oh, years, I’ve lost count. I rode here on my dirt bike. This is where the road ended.”
“Just like that?”
“Just like that.”
“Amazing,” he said.
“I could have done with a place like this,” said Harry.
Again Lara thought she heard voices, down by the water this time, off to her right. “D’you hear that?”
They both quieted, they way you quiet when you fully listen. Lara could no longer hear anything. Neither could they.
Then there was only the wind, the clouds overhead, the rippled lake, the sun—warm and welcoming on their faces, and the feeling of safely home.
Lara might even have fallen asleep for a moment, tripped up by bliss. The last thing she heard was the distant splashing of some large, clumsy fish.
:
They stayed at the glade for two nights.
Not that any of them really wanted to leave—it seemed like the trees had taken to all of them by then—but by the third day they had no food left and Harman-Karman was muttering something about a shower, and about the nurse who would soon sound some sort of alarm on the missing invalid.
Lara and Harry brought all their gear back to the car, and stowed it away before returning for Harman-Karman. The path, Lara was positive, and Harry said he had to agree, seemed much smoother now as they pulled Harman-Karman from the glade to the car. As if. Lara nodded to herself, yes, as if, indeed.
There was no car parked close to the main road as Harry, with the occasional tapping and scraping of metal belly, backed his Prelude up the dirt road and away from the glade.


::169::
Raphael had a hard time concentrting.
Sharid was talking. His voice was fading in and out. Then it returned, to stay. He was concerned. Alarmed. Un-Sharid-like.
“The tracking device worked fine. The car was parked by Big Bear Lake, up in the San Bernardino mountains.”
Raphael said nothing. When Sharid did not continue, “And then?”
“Mingus followed them there.”
“You said they might have spotted him?”
“On the way there, yes.”
“Well, did they or didn’t they?”
“He wasn’t sure.”
“Wasn’t?”
“He has not called in since yesterday afternoon, just after he arrived.”
Raphael rose and walked over to his window, his grand view of the Hollywood hills and the famous sign. He saw none of them, only the beginning of his reflection, shadow on shadow. A well-dressed, overwrought shadow.
“We can’t find him,” added Sharid.
“But he thought they might have spotted him?”
“He called from the freeway. Had just overtaken them, he said. He had to because they were speeding up and then slowing down, way down, as if testing cars behind them.”
“So, he was spotted. What then?”
“We still had the tracking device, of course, so he pulled off at the next exit, and waited thirty minutes.”
“Which is precisely what he should have done to begin with,” said Raphael.
“Agreed.”
“Selby,” said Raphael. “Selby would have noticed.”
“But he’s paralyzed.”
“Still,” said Raphael, “It was him.”
“Okay, Mingus follows them now, about thirty minutes behind to where they eventually stop, by Big Bear Lake up in the San Bernardino Mountains. Just past a small town called Fawnskin.”
Raphael took this in, suddenly disbelieving. “That sounds too convenient to be true. Almost pre-arranged.”
“Which is precisely what Mingus reported. His last report, at five twenty-two yesterday. He had spotted their car, and—couldn’t believe his luck, is what he said—was now preparing to execute.”
“And?”
“And nothing else.”
“The others?”
“Nothing from them either.”
“Our car?” said Raphael.
“When we had heard nothing by four o’clock this morning, we sent a second team. Gabriel.
“Gabriel?”
“Yes.”
“But he was.”
“I know. But this had now turned crisis.”
Raphael saw the logic, “Okay.”
“Gabriel found Mingus’ car, as well as the Honda Prelude. No sign whatever of Mingus. He waited until first light, then removed our car.”
“Did he try to find them?”
“He deemed it unsafe.”
“Why?”
“By our own policies, Raphael.”
True. “Agreed. And now?”
“Gabriel and two men are waiting at Fawnskin.”
“The third?”
“He drove the Mercedes back.”
“Of course.” Then, “What could possibly have happened to Mingus and his men?”
Which is where Sharid fell silent, though his face spoke volumes: he had no idea. None.
“Could either of them, Oates or West, have taken them out?”
“No. Oates doesn’t own a gun, and from our check has never even fired one. Same for the woman.”
“And Selby, who could.”
“Is paralyzed, so could no longer.”
“So,” said Raphael. “Into thin air?”
“Apparently.”
“They are still up there.” It was a question.
“Gabriel?”
“Yes, he as well. But I meant Oates and the woman.”
“Yes.”
“Get a third man out to Gabriel, and have him stay on this.”
“Same orders?”
“Same order.”
Sharid drew breath to say something else, but thought better of it. Which was just fine with Raphael. He was wearing thin.
With Sharid at the door, Raphael said, not quite as an afterthought, “We need to find out what happened to Mingus.”
“We will,” said Sharid. Then left.
:
At about two o’clock in the afternoon on Tuesday, April 22nd, the man they had referred to as Gabriel saw the little dot on his GPS which represented the Honda Prelude stir to life. Five minutes later, he saw the car itself—Oates and West in the front, Oates driving, and Selby in the back—go by, heading west now on California 38. He waited fifteen minutes, then slowly pulled out of the alley, turned right and picked up the trail.


::170::
Gabriel didn’t particularly like killing. He didn’t particularly dislike killing.
He followed orders. He saw necessities. He executed.
Efficiently.
The Benedictine Convent fire had gone off as planned. His plan. His execution. Since other fires might be called for, as the coordinator and main puller of fiery strings he had been the only one to remain in the country once the Benedictine fire was set and his seven co-arsonists scattered on the winds for undetectable safety in Europe and Africa.
And a second fire had been called for. That it had been detected and quenched he did not put down to failure on his part—he had, again, executed flawlessly—but to the vigilance and competence of Blackburn Small, a worthy adversary.
Very few people knew that Gabriel was not Swiss.
He liked the sound of Swiss. Clockwork. Precision. Efficiency.
:
At four forty-two by his Certina wrist watch the Honda dot stopped moving, and remained still.
The city said Pasadena. The street said Catalina Avenue.
Then the dot moved again.


::171::
Lara stayed in the car with Harman-Karman while Harry went to get the nurse.
A nearly frantic edition of which swung the door open.
“You said twenty-four hours.”
“Sorry,” was about all Harry could muster.
Here followed a nursy lecture on how long, precisely, twenty-four hours were: it is a day; a night and a day—nothing more, nothing less—which then moved right into how long twenty-four hours were not: not two days, not two nights and two days, nothing like that at all; and then back to how long it actually was. Finally winding down.
“I’m sorry,” Harry reiterated.
“You could at least have called.”
“I am sorry. I didn’t think of it.”
“Well, that’s the last time you’re taking him anywhere.”
“I would have thought that up to Harman-Karman,” suggested Harry on still hostile nurse-ears. It was an unwelcome suggestion.
“What was that all about?” asked Lara when Harry returned to the car.
 “Search me. That’s one over-protective nurse.”
“Beats under-protective,” said Lara.
“Good point,” conceded Harry.
And here came the over-protective nurse himself along with the acrobatics necessary to extract Harman-Karman from the Honda backseat (among several mutters of “never again” from Harman-Karman). They then led him between them into his house, Lara minded the doors.
“Harry,” said Harman-Karman, now back on his own bed, just as they were leaving.
“Yes.”
“Thanks.”
“Of course.”
“No, really.” And, doing his best to reach Lara with his eyes, and finally, as she noticed and shifted into view, succeeding, “You too, Lara. I had a great time. It’s made my, my day, month, year, you name it.”
“You’re welcome,” said Lara.
In the car back to Lara’s apartment she asked, “Do you really think we were followed?”
“Harman-Karman certainly thinks so.”
“Yes, but do you?”
“That Mercedes did behave suspiciously.”
“I agree.”
“But that was the last we saw of it.”
“True.”
:
Harry arrived at Lara’s apartment the following morning to collect her for what was billed as a “final checkup.” It was a delightfully un-Los-Angeles-like morning.
Rain had fallen for much of the previous night, packing up its bloated and boisterous clouds and heading out east at about five in the morning, leaving behind it crystally clear air and a cloud-less sky—save for one or two strays wondering where the heard had gone.
Harry could not help but notice that Lara still negotiated the stair a little gingerly, as if not sure the steps would hold, testing them while pretending not to test them at each step, though he said nothing. It wouldn’t make a difference.
Instead, he said, “It’s a great day,” as he swung the front door open for her. “Amazing.”
She stopped three less and less gingerly steps short of Harry car, finally struck, too, by the brilliance of the day. Looked up, around, back at Harry:
“No kidding.”
The rain had left everything with a brand new lease of life, a little perplexed but ceasing the moment. Harry drew a deep breath, vaguely wished—while the morning filled his lungs and from there proceeded to fill the rest of him—that he still had his Seasonal sense of smell. It was as if the city didn’t even exist, not a trace of it, just grass, trees, flowers, mixed with the chirping of bickering birds as if chirping had a scent.
On the way to the hospital Harry looked over at her and said, as casually as he could—he didn’t want to signal that this was firmly on his mind, and showed no signed of leaving, “You still game?”
“I’m still game what?”
“You still want to lick the Season, as you put it?”
Lara, smiling out the passenger side window at the view of downtown, clear as a bell in the crisp morning sun, turned, smile fading as if not quite appropriate to this subject. “More than anything,” she said.
“Can I ask you something?”
“Of course.”
“Has your glade ever,” what was the right word? “Ever spoken to you?”
Harry, looking ahead with half a mind on the traffic, could feel her eyes on his face. Lingering.
“No.”
“They haven’t?”
“No.”
Neither had Harman-Karman’s Juniper and Elm: actually spoken to him. Harry had asked. They had filled him with memory, as he put it—especially the Juniper—but never spoken. Nary a word. And Lara’s glade had protected her, shielded her from Storm, but—from what she just said—not spoken.
“Why do you ask?” she wanted to know as he was getting off the freeway at California.
“I think they know.” Easing to a stop at the red light. He turned to face her. “They’re not affected by it, from what I can make out, and they keep it at bay.”
“It’s green,” she said.
Harry’s head swiveled to confirm, then, raising a hand in apology to the driver behind him, set out again.
“I am going to ask my Pine.”
Another red light, another easing to a stop. And there, at green, next right, was the hospital.
Harry waited—leafing through innocuous magazines—while they did things to Lara in the other room. She looked satisfied when she came back out, as if she had just won a bet, or a battle.
The doctor, who escorted her back into the waiting room, looked satisfied too, job well done. He recognized Harry and smiled at him. “Quite amazing,” he said, presumably about Lara’s speedy and—judging by her face—quite impressive recovery.
“She’s quite a girl,” he said, mostly to Lara. Strange thing to come from someone who, Harry would have guessed, was barely Lara’s age.
“She is,” confirmed Lara. Then to Harry, “Let’s go.”
She waved a thanks to the doctor, as she set out for the elevators, Harry catching up.
“I gather that went well,” he said as the elevator doors slid shut.
“He’d never seen anything like it he said.”
Not wanting to prod for specifics, Harry didn’t ask, but his silence apparently did the trick: “Everything’s back to normal, working the way it’s supposed to,” she said. “The scar, well, you can hardly see it, which he said he couldn’t really account for.”
She fell silent for a floor and a half.
“You know, Harry, I think the glade has had something to do with this. I know that’s crazy, but, well, I don’t know.”
“I don’t think that’s crazy at all,” said Harry. “Those guys adopted you. You’re their ward.”
“I don’t like that word.”
“Which word, ward?”
“Ward, yes. I don’t like it.”
“Ah,” said Harry, remembering what she had told him of her early days. “Sorry.” The elevator eased to a pneumatic stop. Smoothly.
“I’m their child,” she said.
“Protectee,” said Harry.
“Is that even a word?” said Lara.
“I don’t think it is.”
“It is now.”
On the way back to Lara’s apartment Harry asked: “Did you feel any, any, what would you call it? intervention from the trees when we were there?”
She fell that sort of quiet that means introspection.
“I really can’t tell. I just felt good, you know. Home. Cared for. Unafraid. All the things I’d feel when I went there to ride out Seasons.”
“No scar, huh?”
“No, hardly a trace. He said that was highly unusual.”
“I think you’re right,” said Harry. “I think the trees helped.”
“My trees,” said Lara.
“Your trees.”
:
Lara fixed them a light lunch. Salad, tea, and some fruit.
The wind had picked up, perhaps heralding another spell of rain. The Eucalyptus trees swayed outside and seemed to converse.
“How do we do this?” said Lara between bites.
Harry put his fork down. Regarded the Eucalyptuses for a while. “Before I do anything else, I’m going to ask my Pine,” he said. “Also, we need to learn as much about ascension as we can.”
“You do believe it’s possible, then?”
“Oh, absolutely. I have done it, if only temporary.”
Harry tried to put his finger on it: “There are definitely fetters, bonds that strap you to the Season. I slipped their grip for a while, twice, and before they found me again I had a clear, non-Seasonal view of myself, or of my body rather, in their grip. The thing is, and I’m pretty sure about this—I mean, it stands to reason—if you can slip out temporarily, you can slip permanently. That’s just a matter of degree. You can, I am sure, cut the fetters.”
“If you know what to cut,” Lara pointed out.
“Pre-Cisely,” said Harry, moved—and not for the first time—by her insight.


::172::
Katha slowly turned his head as his student sat down beside him.
“What do you want to know?” asked Katha.
“I would like to know what you know,” said the student.
“Then go farther into the forest and there fast and meditate for two years,” said Katha, “then return.”
The student rose and went father into the forest, where he fasted and mediated for two full years, before returning to Katha. As he sat down beside him again, Katha slowly turned his head.
“Would you teach me now what you know,” asked the student.
“What have you learned?” asked Katha.
“That there are earth and trees and stones,” answered the student.
“You have learned A-kara,” said Katha. “Now you must go farther still into the forest, and there you must fast and meditate for two years. Then come back to me.”
The student rose and returned to the forest, and went deeper still, where he fasted and mediated for two full years, before once again returning to Katha. As he sat down beside him, Katha slowly turned his head.
“Would you now teach me what you know,” asked the student.
“What have you learned?” asked Katha.
“I have learned that there is water, air, and fire,” answered the student. 
“You have learned U-kara,” said Katha. “Now you must go even farther into the forest, and there you must fast and meditate for two years. Then come back to me.”
The student rose and returned to the forest, and went deeper still, where he fasted and mediated for two full years, before once again returning to Katha. As he sat down beside him, Katha slowly turned his head.
“Would you teach me what you know,” asked the student.
“What have you learned?” asked Katha.
“I have seen the still breathing beyond the shaped and the shapeless.” answered the student.
“You have learned Ma-kara,” said Katha. “I have nothing more to teach you.”
:
Thus the Upanishad was born, for it means “sitting down near.”
It was important that the sage you reached to sit down beside had himself traveled every step of the way, had himself traversed every danger and pitfall, had himself reached the highest peaks, and had himself, from only one step shy of Nirvana chosen, not to disappear, but to return to the world to relate his journey for those who may wish to know.
And so, as the first student found and sat down beside the first teacher, eager to listen, eager to have the sage share his journey, the first Upanishad was born.


::173::
The Thursday Gabriel decided to strike had seen its normal full-to-the-brim share of Los Angeles sunshine. Smog was draping downtown, the freeways were passable (hence busy) again, jobs were back up and running, tempers were once again flaring during commutes. Yes, things were heading back to normal. Too many rats around still, though.
And things were coming together quite nicely. The West woman was visiting. Oates had picked her up earlier in the day, and they were now both in his house, talking, from what his own binoculars and those of his lookouts told him. Reading, and talking.
Once the dark had settled, the street turned quiet, unusually quiet. Each house to its own, the bluish glare of televisions from some portion or other of each of them. Except Oates, no watching there. Only talking.
His clockwork mind was adding things up, fitting bit and pieces into place and found the fit just right, making his head nod: yes, feasible.
If they worked quickly and smoothly enough, they could have them incapacitated—he tapped his breast pocked to make sure: and yes, the two small bottles of chloroform replied—they could have them bound and doused in less than two minutes.
Give them a minute or two to revive, then set them alight.
Add five minutes of footage, and they should be out of there in less than ten. That, he calculated, would be acceptable risk. Who would check on them, anyway, or drop in? Not the cripple, that’s for sure. And the rest of the street glued to the news or their game shows or what-have-yous. He surveyed the street again, which replied in the affirmative with no motion anywhere.
Gabriel went through the full sequence again, then grimaced: they would have to be gagged, he realized that, to muffle screams—which no doubt would be loud enough to disturb even the most diligent television watcher. This was non-optimum, not entirely Swiss; in a perfect situation he would supply a nice, excruciating sound-track, it would make for a better product.
Still, gagging was acceptable.
And—he underscored this mental note—they must not forget to find and deactivate any fire detectors. They could be very loud, they could, and so attract attention.
Ten minutes, worth the gamble.
Or was it? Should he check with Sharid? No, he decided, the man had enough on his plate. Let’s bring him some good news, and a nice video.
:
Gabriel signaled his men, one after the other: gather here.
They moved toward him. Soundlessly.
They were good men. He had worked with all of them at one time or another in the past: Amin, the Iranian; Joost, the South African; and Hyun Ki, the Korean. All fanatical, all seasoned.
“They’re still in the kitchen,” he said for Amin’s benefit, who did not have a view of that side of the house. “Looks like they’re parked there.”
Joost nodded in agreement.
“Surprise is key,” said Gabriel. “We must enter quietly.”
Then to Joost: “Can you pick the front door lock noiselessly?”
“Yes.”
“You have thirty seconds.”
“No problem.”
“What about the dog?” said Amin.
“There’s a dog?” Gabriel had missed that. Completely. Never set eye on the thing.
“Yes.”
Hyun Ki nodded in confirmation. “Golden Retriever.”
“Amin,” said Gabriel. “Silencer.”
“Got it.”
“Joost. You must pick the lock without rousing the dog. Can you do that?”
“Don’t know to be honest.”
Gabriel recalculated the odds. And again. They were tilting toward abandoning the plan. Alerted, Oates and the woman would fight, or, more likely, flee, and with them the product.
But if Joost could gain entry soundlessly, without rousing the dog?
“Where’s the dog now?”
“In the kitchen with the two of them,” said Hyun Ki.
“If, and I mean, if, Joost can pick the lock without rousing the dog, it’s a go. Amin, you take the dog out. I will chloro Oates, and you,” Gabriel handed Hyun Ki one of the small chloroform bottles, along with a clean, white rag, “chloro the woman.”
Hyun Ki took them both. “Got it.”
He turned to Joost. “Video is ready to go?”
“Yes.”
“Rope?”
Hyun Ki and Amin both nodded.
“Okay,” said Gabriel. “Now, if the dog is roused and barks, it’s off. We’re out of there. Understood?”
The three men all understood. Amin fitted the silencer to his gun.
:
Vixer was a happy dog. Not only had he been fed twice in one evening, but now this very nice lady was feeding him scraps under the table. She was not supposed to do that, of course, but Vixer was not above accepting tokens of friendship from anyone. Frowned upon by Master Harry or not.
Vixer was a well-fed dog. Vixer was a sleepy dog. Vixer was an under-the-table, leisurely sprawled on the floor, sleepy dog.
Vixer’s sleepy dog ears thought they heard footsteps outside so silent that they probably were no footsteps at all, memory of footsteps perhaps. Still, he opened one eye then tested the air through widened nostrils. And here came the hand again, with another morsel. A slice of apple this time. Nice and sweet and very pungent. Brief conflict: for there was something, other scents, other sounds, just outside, but perhaps not. He raised his head and took the offered fruit, chewed twice, but there the conflict ended.
For Vixer, no longer sleepy at all, had just heard the front door swing open and clearly scented strangers.
:
Gabriel admired Joost’s professionalism. Ten seconds if that. And Gabriel, even while listening for it, could not hear the South African work from where he was standing just a few feet away.
Ten seconds, and the door swung open on well oiled hinges. Good for Oates.
But here came the dog, rounding the kitchen corner to inspect, where he stopped short, startled. The glimmering animal drew breath to alert the other two while Amin raised his gun. Amin was as professional as Joost. He could drill a whole between two dog eyes at fifty feet, and this was barely ten.
What happened next Gabriel has never been able to adequately explain to himself, much less to anyone else. This despite comparing notes, and then comparing them again to make sure, with Amin, Joost and Hyun Ki. They all had similar problems trying to account for it. They all experienced similar insanities. Well, there was no other word for it.
For while expecting the soft swoosh of Amin’s gun to silence the golden retriever the dog simply disappeared. As did Amin, Joost, and Hyun Ki. As did the front door, the front room, the house.
Gabriel found himself on a movie set, must be. Something pre-historic. And very, very elaborate. Down to the sounds and smells. But the birds that winged above him—gigantic birds—were not birds, they were bats. No, no, they were not bats, they were—and Gabriel, tilting his head back, took yet another look—they were pterodactyls. How on earth did they project them so life-like? He looked around for the crew, the cameramen, the director. For surely, surely this was a set. There were none to be seen.
The warm—he’d say tropical—wind that caught him seemed to sway all of him, from the lowest branch to the highest. Rustle all of his leaves. No, not leaves at all, pines. Thousands, millions of them, for he rose tall above the forest floor, high above the crocodiles—which were not crocodiles at all but lizards, the size of which he’d never even imagined.
Again, where’s the crew? Again, none to be found.
The pterodactyls circled the clearing ahead and one of them swooped down and gripped one of the lizards with talons the size of farming tools, gripped and tore and tore.
Screams, if you could call it that, screeches and shrieks, fury and pain, from both the giant reptile and the lizard sprayed the clearing along with blood—whose was hard to tell for even though the dragon—the image did fit—seemed to gain the upper hand, that is to say the lizard put up a fight, to say the least.
There was no way, now way, it finally dawned on Gabriel, that this was a set. It was too life-like. This was, and all the hairs on his arm rose, and he shivered all down his trunk, this was real. It was as real as it was insane.
And he wanted to run, but how do run with roots. You don’t. You stand rooted precisely where you are, and you don’t go anywhere.
And he went nowhere.
And then when nowhere.
Amin had been transported—that was how he described it—to a northern forest, complete with mountains and elk.
Joost had found himself by the ocean, clinging to a cliff, secure in knowledge he would not fall.
Hyun Ki had re-appeared (his word) at altitude. Thin air, bright sun, old fingers.
Gabriel’s clockwork mind eventually came up with hallucinogen. And a strong one at that. The only explanation. But he could never establish how, or from where. And somewhere deep down a smoother clock than his mind kept ticking away at the truth.
:
Then, as abruptly as the house had vanished, it reappeared. By reflex, Gabriel checked his watch. Twenty-two minutes had passed. Precisely. The others seemed to have arrived back from their wherevers, too, for they looked at each other, looked around, looked at Gabriel. Amin, gun still in hand pointing at nothing now.
“Something very,” said Joost.
And Gabriel knew, just knew, that the house was empty.
“Check everything,” he said.
They fanned out, professionals that they were—despite having just stepped out of the inexplicable—checked every room, every cranny of the house. Not a sign.
Joost called for Gabriel from the bedroom. “They’ve packed things. In a hurry.” Drawers not quite closed. A suitcase not brought, ousted by a better choice. Gabriel nodded. “Check outside.”
Joost complied. Came back within seconds. “Car’s gone.”
Of course it was.


::174::
Vixer growled a soft and distant thunder from under the table. Something faintly tectonic. So soft Harry didn’t hear it at first. But Lara did, and she suddenly looked alarmed.
Then his dog was on his feet and headed for the living room.
Lara rose, facing other sounds. Soft, well-oiled ones. Rustles of fatigues. The air-whispers of hand-signals.
Harry heard too, froze. Tried to rise, failed. Tried to breathe, failed.
Lara looked at him. It was not a question, it was a matter of fact: this is it, Harry. They’ve come.
Harry tried again and rising finally worked. He slowly pushed his chair back, listening now with every last cell of his body. At attempted and virtually successful silence in the front room. Only the whispers of movement. He looked back a Lara. She was correct: any moment now.
Any moment now.
He could hear several breathings, more soft movements. Then stillness, only air entering and exiting lungs. And Vixer’s thunder, still rolling from deep in his throat to far beneath, disturbing the earth. Why wasn’t he barking? What could possibly?
Eight silent (and very courageous, he later told himself) steps told him: four men: one holding a gun with a silencer, pointed now at the floor while he was looking out into some internal distance; one with video-equipment; two with small bottles in their hands; those three equally absent, equally fascinated by what their internal distances held.
Harry turned to Lara, just behind him. What could possibly?
She looked as perplexed as the men. Nothing made sense. At all. As if someone had stopped the movie. Ominous freeze-frame.
Vixer, in turn, looked as perplexed as Lara. From one to the other to the other, trying to make canine sense of what couldn’t possibly.
Which now struck Harry as some absurd, darkly-attired Nativity Scene from Hell; or an odd back room at Madame Tussauds. Surreal enough to transcend fear: for this could not possibly.
Again he turned to Lara, who again seemed share his sentiments: yes, this could not possibly.
:
Which was the moment Harry’s Pine chose to communicate (and with such depth that Vixer startled from the vibration—sensing something not sure from where): “We have filled them,” he said to Harry. “Like the Juniper filled your friend, we have filled them with our memories. They don’t see you. They see only our memory.”
Lara, however, did not hear, but now looked anxiously at Harry listening to unhearable voices. What on earth? You too?
Harry noticed. “My Pine,” he told her. “They’ve filled them.”
At first this didn’t register with her, but that didn’t last long. For, Kristus, this woman caught on fast. Light going on almost right away: “Like Harman-Karman,” she said.
“What?”
“Like Harman-Karman’s trees fill him.”
Of course. Of course. “Precisely,” he said.
Then she asked, “You said they.”
“That’s what he said,” he answered. Then, to the Pine, “You said we?”
“Me, the Juniper, the Elm, and the Canary Island Pine down the street. We are filling one man each.”
Harry relayed the information. Lara, still thinking much better on her feet than he did, saw their purpose: “We have to get out of here.”
Oh, she was right at that. “How long?” Harry asked his Pine. “How long do we have?”
“I am not sure,” said the Pine. “They are strong men and we cannot hold them forever against their will. I suggest you hurry.”
The meaning was clear, and meant precisely what Lara had realized.
“You’re right,” Harry to her. “We have to leave.”
With that he was suddenly all doing. They had to go away, far away. To some far, unknown away, for if they knew where he lived, they’d know where Lara lived. Her place was not an option. Away, and far at that. They would need things.
He ran into his bedroom, threw open the walk-in closet, pulled out a suitcase, pulled out another, softer but larger, and began filling it with clothes, socks, underwear, anything.
Lara followed, saw, understood.
“Will we have time to stop by my place?” she wondered.
“No,” he said. “I don’t think so. And we’d better not, in case they’re staking it too. Grab anything you see that you may need, some of these things may actually fit you, if loosely.”
There wasn’t the time to be choosy; still there were choices to be made. Harry did his best, trying to predict needs, and fortunately Lara was a quick decider, and within five minutes they had one large and one small case packed and in hand, and were heading out the back door for the car—catching a glimpse of the still amazingly amazed Arrak men in the front room as they passed.
Vixer insisted on coming.
Well, there was no other doing, was there.
“Bishop,” said Harry’s Pine into the rush of things.
“Bishop?”
“Go to Bishop. The Bristlecone wants you to go there.”
“The Bristlecone?”
“Yes.”
“Who is the Bristlecone?”
“A distant relative.”
“Far away?”
“That, too.”
“Bishop, California? The town?”
“Yes.”
It was far enough away, and as good a destination as any. And if his Pine suggested it, it was for a reason. The Bristlecone? As if there were only one. A distant relative. “Okay,” said Harry. “We will go to Bishop.”
“And Harry,” said the Pine.
“Yes.”
“You will need your books.”
Harry was about to ask which books, when he realized he already knew. “I’ll be right back,” he said to Lara and Vixer both. Who both looked after him as he returned into the house. Past the Nativity Scene and back into his bedroom.
He returned less than a minute later with recent translations of the Upanishads, the Bhagavad Gita, and the Dhammapada along with the Prabhavananda and Isherwood translation of Patanjali’s Aphorisms. He also brought Wendell Reiss’ Ring of Melting and Fokke’s A Critical View of the Holy.
As he again approached his car, the Pine said:
“Good luck to you Harry.”
“Thank you.” Then the thought struck Harry: “Will I see you again?”
“I don’t know.”
“If we don’t meet again,” Harry said then, realizing this was not unlikely, “Thank you for everything.”
The Pine did not answer, but seemed to smile, and to urge him on: speed was now of the essence.
Harry handed the books to Lara and threw the two cases in the trunk. Then he opened the passenger door, and folded down the front seat to give Vixer access to the back seat.
“On you go.”
:
But Vixer balked, hackles rising. Thunder again. Would not.
“Vixer,” said Harry. Shouted Harry. “We don’t have time for this. Get in.”
Would not.
Instead sifted more and more air. Crouched and sniffed long and hard under the car, hackles still erect: there was danger.
“Vixer,” said Harry.
“He’s found something,” said the ever perceptive Lara.
And he probably had at that. Harry first crouched then went down on his knees to peek under the chassis. What could possibly have caught Vixer’s nose and attention?
He could see nothing at first, but as his eyes adjusted to the darker dark of the undercarriage: there it was: black and small, but certainly not part of the original design. A tracking device. Harry was positive. He reached for it, but couldn’t. Stretched harder and then managed to seize it. Pulled, and pulled again. Magnets. Strong ones. Pulled yet again, and there, it came off and into his hand.
Rising he showed it to Lara.
“What is it?” she said.
“A tracking device of some sort.”
As Harry made to throw it over the garage and into his neighbor’s yard, the ever-on-her-feet Lara said, “No. Not here. Let them think it’s still in place. Give it to me.”
Vixer, happy to have been of service, was looking to Harry, or Lara, he didn’t much care whom at this point, for a snack. The just reward. Just or not, it wasn’t forthcoming though, so he—one agile leap it took—settled himself in the back set, a little—though not much—hurt.
Lara climbed in as well, books in hand, tracking device on top.
Harry took one last look at the house, caught the bizarre Nativity Scene still going strong in his front room. Then looked up at his Pine. Perhaps for the last time.
The Pine returned the glance.
:
“What are we going to do with that?” he asked her.
“Where are we going?” said she.
“Ah, yes. Bishop.”
“Bishop?”
“That’s what my Pine said.”
“Where’s Bishop?”
“North, somewhere.”
“Then let’s head east on the 10 for a while. To the first serious truck-stop filling station.”
“Why?”
She held up the tracking device, magnets facing him. And smiled.
“Ah.” And Harry smiled too.
:
The semi, parked a little apart from the herd, had Louisiana plates. Apparently heading for New Orleans or some such far away with whatever he’d loaded up in Los Angeles.
Lara, for some odd reason, seemed to know exactly what to do. And did exactly that. Then came back to Harry (and Vixer, who seemed interested in the goings on as well) smiling. Dusting her hands off against each other in that universal that’s that gesture.
This truck would leave the truck stop just a tad heavier than it had arrived.


::175::
Gabriel lied. Of course he lied. What other choice did he have? When he had no idea himself what on earth had happened to him, and to his men.
So, instead of the incomprehensible truth, he told Sharid over the phone that Oates and the woman must have spotted them and were now making a run for it.
“How did they spot you?” Was the obvious question, and for which Gabriel had no answer but embarrassment. Very unlike him. Very unprofessional, is what it was. But rather that than the truth.
“I honestly don’t know. We used standard approach.”
“But they are together?” Sharid asked.
“Yes. Yes, they are.”
“And they are still on the GPS? The tracking device is still in place, I hope, or have they spotted that, too?” That stung, and Gabriel bit his tongue to not say something he would regret.
“Yes, Sharid. It is still in place. Still working fine.”
“And where are they heading now?”
“East on the 10 freeway.”
Gabriel could almost hear Sharid think over the thin layer of cell phone static. Then Sharid said, “There’s a lot of desert between here and Phoenix,” he said. “If that’s where they’re heading.”
Gabriel agreed. He was familiar with that stretch of the 10.
“Do you think you can catch up with them before Phoenix?”
“He’s not a fast driver.”
“I’ll take that as a yes.”
“Yes, that is a yes.”
“So, do just that. And see if you can get it done out there.”
“It’s good terrain.”
“For our purposes.”
“For our purposes.”
:
Gabriel was glad to be moving again. He didn’t mind stakeouts, but he in no way preferred them; necessities to be endured. He liked movement, heading from somewhere for somewhere. The chase. Especially now, for if he drove fast enough perhaps he could outrun the incomprehensible, which still hung around him like some inclement weather system.
No one said anything about it though as they filed into the Mercedes. As if it really had not happened as long as no one brought it up. But, Gabriel could tell, it was on everyone’s mind. I mean, Kristus, how could it not be?
Gabriel set out for the 210 to take them to the 10.
Joost, to his right, busying himself with the GPS. Amin and Hyun Ki in the back, looking out their respective windows, as if something very interesting was going on out there. No one spoke.
Gabriel headed south on the 605, to the 10, then east again. Traffic was light this time of night. They made good speed.
“They’re fast,” observed Joost. Very loudly, at least to Gabriel’s ear. “They must be doing eighty.”
“Perhaps she’s driving,” said Amin from the back, a stab at a joke.
“Must be,” said Joost. Out of politeness if nothing else.
Gabriel had to admit he liked his accent. It was very precise. As if bleached and dried by generations of South African sun.
“They obviously saw us standing there,” said Gabriel. “I’d be in a hurry, too.”
“True enough,” said Joost. “So, you’d better step on it.”
Especially these Americanisms, spoken with such distance. Gabriel had to smile. He liked his right-hand man.
Hyun Ki finally broached the subject: “What the hell happened back there?”
To no answers.
“I mean, seriously,” said Hyun Ki.
To seriously no answers.
After perhaps two miles of no answers, Gabriel said: “Everyone?”
No one contradicted him, which he took as a yes. Then said:
“I have no idea.”
“It was like stepping into a dream,” said Amin. “Quite amazing.”
“It scared me shitless,” said Hyun Ki. “At first, anyway. Like I was hallucinating. But it was so damn real.”
Joost turned around to face Huyn Ki, “That’s the word for it. I could feel the rain on my leaves.”
Which brought back the silence, though a more meaningful one.
“Leaves?” said Gabriel.
Joost seemed to go back to listen to what he had just said. “Yes,” he said, finally. “Leaves.”
“You felt like a tree?” said Gabriel.
Joost gave that some thought. “Yes.”
“A tree dream,” said Amin.
“Me, too,” said Huyn Ki.
“I’ll be damned,” said Gabriel.
“You, too?” said Joost.
“Me, too,” said Gabriel.
After another mile worth of silence: “But how,” said Joost. “Was there something in the water?”
“Nothing in the water,” said Gabriel. “But I have no idea.”
“Meanwhile, back at the ranch,” said Joost. Which again struck Gabriel as a clash of cultures: such an Americanism on such an un-American tongue. “We’re gaining slightly.”
Gabriel was doing ninety at the moment, and that was pushing it, even with the radar detector signaling all clear. “Good to know.”
What traffic there was seemed to realize he was in a hurry. Most cars saw him coming and obligingly slid to the right to let him pass. Those few he had to circumnavigate, he made a point of almost scraping as he sped past.
“How far ahead are they?” he asked Joost after a while.
“Still about forty miles,” said Joost.
“Damn,” said Gabriel.
An hour later they slowed down as they passed Indio, then picked up speed to the near hundred again. “And now?” said Gabriel.
“About thirty-five,” said Joost.
“He is running,” said Gabriel, now wondering whether he would indeed catch up with them before Phoenix. Not very good news.
More silence. More dark tarmac rushing at them at ninety miles an hour. Gabriel calculated how much they had gained, distance to Phoenix, and saw that it would be touch and go; they were only gaining five or miles an hour at this rate.
Until:
“They’ve stopped,” said Joost.
Best news yet. Gabriel tried not to look too relieved. “They have?”
“Probably filling up.”
“How far out?”
“Thirty odd miles.”
“Let’s hope they’re hungry,” said Gabriel.
And apparently they were, for ten minutes—and fifteen some miles later the dot was still stationary. The road and sky and desert surrounding were near black, very few cars in either direction now.
Gabriel decided to go for it and floored the accelerator. At one hundred and ten miles an hour Amin pointed out, “We’re in a hurry.”
“You’ve got a nice grasp of the obvious,” said Joost without looking back.
“We’re getting close,” said Amin.
“Yes,” said Gabriel.
“They’re moving again,” said Joost.
“How far ahead?”
“Six miles.”
As the truck stop sprung into view they slowed down to eighty. Police often parked by them, and it wouldn’t do—radar or not—to scream past and be spotted and chased.
Even though eighty now seemed a crawl, the truck stop still slipped past more streak than structure.
“How far ahead?” said Gabriel.
“Two miles.”
He picked up speed. Ninety. Hundred.
“Should be just up ahead,” said Joost.
They overtook a speeding semi with Louisiana plates expecting to see the Honda.
Nothing.
“How far?” said Gabriel.
“We’ve passed him,” said Joost.
“Must have been the other side of the semi,” said Amin.
Gabriel slipped over to his right and slowed to fifty, allowing the bright lights behind him to catch up and pass.
“Here he comes,” said Joost.
No Honda.
“Where the hell are they,” said Gabriel. Picked up speed again and passed the semi—who blasted his horn as they passed, didn’t like the cat and mouse.
“Just passed him,” said Joost.
Which is when the lights went on. Joost’s and Gabriel’s both.
“The semi,” said Gabriel. “I don’t be-fucking-lieve it.”
“The semi,” said Joost.
“Clever,” said Huyn Ki.
Amin said nothing, but knew as well.
“Now we have literally,” said Gabriel.
“No idea,” completed Joost.
“None,” said Gabriel.


::176::
Sharid did not lie. Never had. Not to Raphael anyway.
“We’ve lost them.”
The sun was scaling the hilly rims to the east and filling his office with too much light. His eyes, unclosed for what seemed like days, ached—sensitive to so much morning. He drew the blinds to tolerable.
Then turned to Sharid: “The device?”
“They planted it on a truck.”
“How on earth did Gabriel miss that?”
“I don’t know.”
“But he did.”
“Obviously.”
“He should not have.” Stating the obvious.
Sharid looked uncomfortable. “He should not have.”
We’ve lost them: three unwelcome words. Gaining weight by the second, now splitting into four: we have lost them. Growing weightier still, riper and riper with meaning. We. Have. Lost. Them.
“I need a coffee,” said Raphael.
Sharid picked up the phone.
Two cups arrived almost instantly.
“What else do we know?” said Raphael. “Or don’t we know?”
“We know that they packed some cases in a hurry. We know that they discovered the device and planted it on the tractor-trailer as a diversion. And we know that they have taken off for destinations unknown. Most likely in a direction not east.”
“Or,” observed Raphael, “east.”
“Or east,” conceded Sharid. “Though few would think of that.”
And that was all they knew.
That was all they knew at this point.
Raphael rubbed his temples, grimaced from the strain. A headache not far off. The light in the office still too bright. “Find them,” he said. “Whatever it takes, find them.”
Sharid left to do just that.


::177::
Someone here to see him. A woman.
Blackburn Small’s impulse was to refuse. Not in. Gone out. Anything.
“Who?”
“Says she saw the limo.”
“Coming or going?”
“Going. And better yet. She says she saw Alwyn Moore being bundled into the back, as she put it.”
“How on earth?”
“I don’t know.”
“Where is she?”
The woman who was shown into his office was in hear late sixties, or early seventies. And talkative.
“I saw your call for information on the television, Detective. I saw it last night and then again this morning and then again later again this morning and finally, you know I have a lot to do and can’t just sit around and remember things all day, though God knows I’d like to, I mean I don’t have a job or anything anymore, I live on my husband’s—I’m a widow, you know—pension, so I could, I guess, but I’d rather keep myself busy, they say that’s how you live longer, and I plan to.”
“Mrs.,” interrupted Blackburn. It felt a little like stepping into a stream. “I’m sorry, I didn’t catch your name. By the way, do you mind if I record this conversation?”
“You need a record?”
“We need a record.”
“Fine,” she said. Then went on, “Ahlgren. That’s my maiden name, of course, and I have taken to using it again now that my husband is dead and gone, God bless his soul, although legally, I guess, it’s still Javez, he was of Spanish descent, was my old husband, Hector Javez was his name, so legally my last name is Javez, of course, but I think of myself as Ahlgren nowadays, my grandmother was Swedish you know; here they usually spell it Ahlgreen, with two es, but I prefer the original spelling, with one e.”
“Mrs. Ahlgreen,” said Blackburn.
“Ahlgren,” said Mrs. Ahlgren. “Only one e. Or Mrs. Javez.”
“Which is it?” said Blackburn, his patience draining.
“Which is what?”
“Ahlgren—with one e—or Javez.”
“I prefer Ahlgren.”
“But legally it’s Javez?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Well, Mrs. Javez, this is a legal issue, very legal, so you’ll have to settle for Mrs. Javez.”
“Fair enough,” said Mrs. Ahlgren/Javez. “I’m not such a stickler as that, Javez is fine. As a matter of fact,” she set out.
“Mrs. Javez,” interrupted Blackburn. “You told my officers that you had some information for us.”
“Yes. Yes I did.”
“You mentioned that you had seen Alwyn Moore on the evening of February the 29th. In West Hollywood.”
“That’s where I live, in West Hollywood.”
“Where, precisely?”
“846 North Harper.”
“846 North Harper Street?”
“Avenue.”
“846 North Harper Avenue?”
“Yes.”
“And you saw something suspicious in the basement parking lot of the office building at 8225 Waring.”
“Avenue,” said Mrs. Javez.
“8225 Waring Avenue,” confirmed Blackburn.
“I go by there every night with Fluffy.”
“I take it Fluffy is a dog,” said Blackburn.
“Fluffy is my cat, sir.”
“You walk your cat?”
“What of it?”
“Just surprised, is all. People usually don’t walk their cats.”
“I’m not usual people,” said Mrs. Javez. Which by now did not come as a revelation for Blackburn.
“You were walking your cat, Fluffy, along Waring Avenue.”
“No need to get smart with me, sir.”
“You were walking Fluffy.”
“Along Waring Avenue, that’s correct.”
“About what time was this?”
“There’s no about about it. It was eight oh-six in the evening.
For all her eccentricities, Blackburn was warming to this woman.
“How do you know?”
“Because I time my walk. It’s exactly forty-five minutes. Precision is good for the soul, you know. And so is routine. Your body gets used to a routine, a precision routine, and it run much better if you can match its internal precision—and what precision internally,” Mrs. Javez rivered on.
“You time your walk,” said Blackburn, again stepping into rushing waters.
“Yes, sir.”
“When do you leave your house?”
“Apartment.”
“When do you leave your apartment?”
“Eight o’clock.”
“Precisely, I take it.”
“Precisely, yes.”
“How do you know, precisely?”
“I set my watch—in fact I set all my clocks and watches every day. The internet has a wonderful site which shows the exact time to the second, and every day I make sure all my clocks and watches, I have three watches, you know, one for dress-up, one for just around the house (which she showed him by holding up her left arm) and a special digital one for walking.”
“So, you had your special digital watch then, the evening of the twenty-ninth of February.”
“What did I just get through telling you?”
“Is that a yes?”
“Of course it’s a yes.”
“Okay, Mrs. Javez. You were at 8225 Waring Avenue at eight oh-six in the evening. What did you see?”
“Well, you see, Fluffy had just done her thing, a number two, you see, which we have to pick up—it’s the law now, and although it’s kind of an embarrassing thing to do, to scoop up after your pet, in broad daylight, figuratively speaking, of course—it was quite dark, I agree with the ordinance, we can’t leave droppings on the sidewalks, what would the city look like if everyone?”
“Mrs. Javez. Your cat had just had a bowel movement. Is that what you’re saying?”
“Yes, that’s what I’m saying. And that’s just it. I had to bend down to scoop it up, and that’s how you get a good view into the parking lot of that office building.”
“8225 Waring Avenue.”
“Yes.”
“You got a clear look into the basement garage of that building?”
“As clear as you can hope for, what with the hedge.”
“There’s a hedge there.”
“Yes, sir.”
“But you still had a clear view?”
“Clear enough to see what I saw.”
“And what, precisely, did you see, Mrs. Javez?”
“They came out of the elevator and headed for a black limousine.
“Who did?”
“Two men and a woman with a black hood on.”
“How do you know it was a woman, Mrs. Javez, if she had a hood on?”
“That’s a very impertinent question, Detective.”
Blackburn got the picture. “Okay, it was a woman.”
“It was.”
“Was the woman Alwyn Moore?”
“Yes.”
“Now, how do you know that, if she was hooded, as you say?”
“It’s not as you say, she was hooded. I have eyes to see. In fact I have twenty-twenty vision, without glasses, and do you know how uncommon that is for women, well for any person, my age?”
“She was hooded,” conceded Blackburn.
“That she was.”
“So, how do you know it was Alwyn Moore?”
“Because one of the men said, “Watch your head, Miss Moore.”
“Did he now?”
“And I have excellent hearing for my age,” pointed Mrs. Javez out.
“That is a good thing.”
“I think so.”
“Then what happened.”
“They sort of bundled her into the backseat of this limousine, closed the door, and took off.”
“Where does the garage exit?”
“Onto Waring.”
“So you saw the limousine exit the garage.”
“Yes, sir. In fact, it was in such a hurry that it upset Fluffy, who normally is a very good cat about cars—cats normally don’t like cars, but Fluffy doesn’t mind them, but she did mind this car, too much of a hurry for Fluffy’s liking.”
“Going in which direction, Mrs. Javez?”
“East, toward Hollywood.”
“Eight oh-six?”
“Eight oh-eight, by now.”
“You checked?”
“Yes. I had to see how much time I’d lost.”
“I see.”
“I made up the time, but that took carrying Fluffy for a while.”
“Good for you,” said Blackburn, and almost meant it.
He turned off the tape recorder, then said, “Mrs. Javez. We’ll have a written statement prepared for you to sign. Do you mind waiting for a little while?”
“No, that’s fine.”
“By the way, Mrs. Javez, why didn’t you report this earlier?”
“One doesn’t want to get too involved in these things,” she offered.
“One doesn’t?”
“No. But since they asked, specifically, I remembered. And I do have a pretty good memory, especially for my age, if I may say so myself.”
“You’ve been of great assistance,” inserted Blackburn again, before she had a chance to get up to speed. He signaled for his secretary, who came right in. “Bruce, here, will get you some coffee or something, while he prepares the statement.”
“Thank you, Detective.”
“No, thank you, Mrs. Javez,” and that he really did mean.
:
For that did the search warrant trick.
Armed with Mrs. Javez’s statement, Blackburn returned to the judge, fresh search warrant in hand for his signature.
He scanned the statement and looked up at Blackburn. “This is better. Where’s the warrant?”
And so, Blackburn not quite smiling, but having cause to, left the judge’s chambers with legal permission to search the three floors occupied by Crescent Imports at 8225 Waring Avenue in West Hollywood.
:
Blackburn Small stood in the center of the windowless conference room on the eighth floor.
A nervous Raphael Essa—if that indeed was his name—and a not so nervous, but decidedly hostile Sharid Sam, stood by the door. Blackburn was good at detail, good at noticing detail (which in fact, he had just come to realize, was one of the things about Alwyn Moore he really admired: attention to detail and their accurate reporting). Detail: a strained upper lip, as if Mr. Essa was trying to keep it from twitching. Lively eyes, as if looking for an escape. This man was not as calm as he attempted to appear.
Mr. Sam, on the other hand, fixed him with dark, unwavering eyes, simply counting the seconds until Blackburn was out of here, or looking for a really good and plausible reason, to do him some harm.
“Is this the only conference room in the building?” he asked of the picture-less wall. There had been pictures on the wall, Alwyn had reported.
“I don’t know about the building, Mr. Small—or should I say ‘Detective.’ But as far as Crescent Import goes, we have this and another one on the sixth floor.
“May I see it?”
“Certainly.”
The sixth floor conference room had windows. Not a candidate. “Nothing on the seventh?”
“No.”
“You know we will check.”
“Naturally.”
“Please, may I see the eighth floor room again?”
They brought him back up, via internal stairs this time.
As he entered the room he tried to be Alwyn Moore, tried to take in what she had taken in. Centered pictures. She had been very specific, they were so centered as to be mathematically so, she has said.
He stepped up to the very center of the far wall. Not a trace of a missing frame. There are always signs, but none here. Other than.
And Blackburn Small took another deep breath. And another. Other than the faint wisp of color. He moved closer to the wall. Breathed again, and this time, now that he focused: they had done their very best—and almost succeeded—to eliminate every trace of fume, but even after a week, even the fastest paint in the world is not yet fully cured, it still tattles the tale. And these coats tattled.
“Remodeling?” said Blackburn as innocently as possible. Just curious.
Raphael Essa drew breath to answer, but said nothing. Sharid Sam did the honors instead. “Just a touch-up here and there.”
“And the large conference room table. Where has it gone?”
“I’m not sure,” began Raphael Essa.
“The teak, or rosewood one. Very well preserved, too, it was.”
“This is the only table we’ve ever had in this room. Isn’t that correct, Sharid?”
Sharid Sam nodded, without taking his eyes off Blackburn.
Who sat down on his haunches and examined the carpet for any traces of a larger table. And here, again, closer to the new, and traceless carpet, odor spilled the secret. Blackburn rose.
“New carpet he said.” He turned to the two men. “Meticulous.”
“The old had grown threadbare,” said Raphael Essa. “Not the sort of image you want to project.”
“Meticulous,” said Blackburn again, before he took a closer look at the other three walls, and breathed their surfaces.
“I bet Darwin standing on the stubbed bow of HMS Beagle hung just about here,” he said, indicating the precise center of the wall. “And the still lifes there, there, and there.” Turning and pointing.
Raphael Essa swallowed, and Sharid Sam was about to do something foolish. Essa touched his arm, please.
No confession of guilt, in Blackburn’s eyes, could have been more conclusive.
Blackburn then turned and faced them. “Here’s the situation: I know, as in beyond any doubt, reasonable or otherwise, that this is where you interviewed Alwyn Moore. And I suspect that you were two of the three men present. And I also know that you know that I know.”
“Words,” Mr. Small. “Just words. If eloquent,” said Rapahel Essa.
“I am a patient, and a very tenacious man, Mr. Essa. And now that I know that this is where you brought her, only the much less arduous if more tiring matter of proving it remains. Which, of course, I will.”
“Eloquent, indeed,” said Raphael Essa. “Is there anything else we can do for you, Detective?”
“Please don’t remove anything from these premises,” said Blackburn. “We will be back for the fine-toothed comb portion of this drill later today, or tomorrow. We have the building under surveillance now, and any attempt to remove evidence will constitute a felony, resulting in immediate arrests.”
He took them both in, unflichingly: “Am I communicating eloquently enough?”
Raphael Essa, by whatever internal strength, seemed to—in the face of obvious disaster—have regained full composure. Without another word he turned to Sharid Sam and said, “Please see this man out.”
As if the audience was over. Then he left.


::178::
Harry drove faster than he was all that comfortable with, to be honest. All the while the truth worked itself into a truth even larger: but for the trees they would be dead by now, Lara and he. Shot, or worse. But for his Pine and the three other trees. That was a thought you don’t think very often, he told himself in an attempt at lightening things up, but things would not lighten. The fact remained unbelievable and larger still: they would be dead by now.
Thanks to Vixer and Lara they were off the scent—he prayed—but they knew the car he was driving and may have already picked up the trail. So, he drove faster than he was all that comfortable with.
Not that anyone seemed to notice, or care. Vixer was asleep in the back and Lara was leaning back against the head-rest, eyes closed, perhaps sleeping, but Harry didn’t think so.
She stirred. Perhaps she had been asleep after all. “Where are we?” she said.
“Adelanto coming up,” he said.
“Ah. We’ve passed San Bernardino, she said.
“Yes, a while back.”
“Perhaps we should have?”
Harry understood: visited her glade. “He was quite specific,” said Harry. “Bishop.”
“Do you think they sense that I’m near?”
“It would not surprise me,” said Harry. And that was true.
“The Bristlecone,” said Lara, as if continuing some other conversation.
“Yes.”
“That’s why we’re going to Bishop?”
“Yes.”
“I have heard about the Bristlecone Pine, but I can’t put my finger on what it was.”
“They get very old,” said Harry. “I’ve read that they can grow as old as five thousand years.”
“Jesus,” said Lara.
“My Pine said he would meet us there.”
“How could he?”
“I don’t know. Probably the same way my Pine meets me.”
“And my glade,” she said.
“And your glade.”
Lara looked out at the lights of Adelanto as they passed the little town to their left. Then she said:
“I wonder how Harman-Karman is doing?”
As if she had read his mind.


::179::
Harman-Karman had asked the nurse to stay a while longer, but he said he could not, was so sorry, had to get home, girlfriend trouble, he said.
“What kind of trouble?” Harman-Karman had asked, hoping to rope him in for another few minutes at least.
“Sorry,” said the nurse again, “I can’t stay.” 
Then he had—and Harman-Karman just hated this—outfitted him with the adult diapers that the nurse kept referring to as “incontinence pads.”
“Incontinence pads, my ass,” said Harman-Karman.
“Precisely,” said the nurse—and thought he was very clever at that. Which, Harman-Karman had to concede, he might have some grounds for.
“When will you be back?”
“Regular time tomorrow. Around nine.”
And with that, incontinence pads firmly in place, the nurse left. Harman-Karman could hear him turn the dead-bolt from the outside, securing the house.
And so, here he was again. Nurse-less, Harry-less, body-less. Well, he wished. And diapered. Incontinence padded.
Thinking of Harry-less, where the hell was he? And Lara? They had promised to come over.
And where was Alwyn?
And there escaped that poisonous thought, the one he’d tried not to think for minutes, hours now; the one that like a dark fish in a deep sea never stopped moving far, far below, looking for ways, and that now finally broke the surface again, to once again be thought, by him. And once thought, it opened the internal ground beneath, and he would fall, and fall into that empty chasm that made him the loneliest person in the world.
And the most pathetic.
And once he started falling, only Harry, or those forest memories, could catch him. And there was no Harry. Nor forest memories.
:
For the one whose memories would have caught the falling Harman-Karman was not paying attention right now, was looking in another direction right now, was wondering if possibly, just like Harry’s Pine had done with Harry, was wondering if he could possibly teach her, so that she could not only fill Harman-Karman with memory, but contact him, the fallen, the almost tree-like one. Talk with him.
And so, again, wanting to know from the old Pine, “How did you do it?”
Harry’s Pine, had he been able to put his finger on this elusive how, would gladly have told her, but he could not.
“I don’t know,” he answered.
“You keep saying that.”
“For a reason,” said Harry’s Pine. “I don’t know.”
“You wouldn’t hold out on us,” asked the Elm, hoping to be helpful.
“Not helpful,” said the Juniper. “Not in the least.”
“No,” said Harry’s Pine, “I am certainly not holding out on you.”
“Please,” said the Juniper. “Think again. How did it happen?”
“I turned him into a tree,” said Harry’s Pine. “For a moment, he became one of us.”
“Yes, but how?”
“Because,” said the old Pine, suddenly hitting on it. “Because I had to.”
“Because you had to?” said the Elm.
“Yes.”
“What do you mean?” asked the Juniper.
“He suffered so much. He did such good, and he suffered so much.”
“But they all do,” said the Juniper. “We know that.”
“Yes,” said the Pine. “But we don’t care about all. We care about our ones. And I think I cared so much, I think I wanted to help him so much, that I simply had to.”
“But that doesn’t tell me how. What you did,” complained the Juniper.
“I’m afraid it does.”
“No, it doesn’t.”
Harry’s Pine, who had all the right and reason in the world to be annoyed at the young Juniper by now, nevertheless wasn’t. She wanted to know because she, too, cared about her human. As deeply, Harry’s Pine would venture, as he cared about Harry. And so he looked back, harder and more thoroughly than ever at what had taken place.
“Certainties breathe with their own air, are the air they breathe,” he said.
“What?” So in unison it was impossible to tell the Juniper from the Elm.
“Certainties breathe with their own air, are the air they breathe,” he repeated.
“What does it mean?” asked the Juniper.
“It is what I said, and it is what I did,” said Harry’s Pine. “Instead of filling him I became him. But instead of me turning human, becoming him, he turned tree, becoming me. And so, as I thought about certainties, so did he. It’s as if we became one and the same.”
A long silence followed. Then:
“That’s how we talk,” said the Elm. “If you really think about it.”
And for the second time Harry’s Pine was utterly taken aback by the young trees down the street. At the depth of their insight, or intuition. For he was right, the young Elm was, when you stopped to think about it—which one so rarely does when it comes to things you do naturally, like breathe, or talk—that is how they talked to each other. For their thoughts did not travel distances, did not originate, to then span distance, to then arrive: they appeared as they were thought.
“Only, we don’t have to become the others into tree, since they’re already tree.” The Elm again astounding the Pine.
“Did you just think of that?” said the Juniper.
“My thought, exactly,” said the Pine.
“Why? What’s the matter?”
“I think you are right, that is how we talk,” said the Pine. “And for me to talk to my human I had to become him into tree. I could not have put it better.”
“Become him into tree,” said the Juniper, understanding now.
Shifting her attention now.
And so she became Harman-Karman into tree.
:
Harman-Karman was falling. Back onto his living room floor, stunned into crumble by two precise accidental bullets. Back into Alwyn screaming from flames happy to finally be fed. Back into immobile despair, all the more desperate for its rage and his impotence to rage back.
Trapped within this useless, diapered shell, shaking the bars and mutely screaming his rage, Harman-Karman turned the only way he could, for the only lifeline he knew, and asked over and over where the hell Harry was, perhaps aloud, perhaps silently, either way screaming. It was a question turned mantra, that repeated itself over and over as if sanity depended on it, as if the answer would find and catch him.
And then, as his shell turned trunk and his arms branches, as as his hair leaves and his question answered, it did.
“He’s left,” said the Juniper.
He recognized not the voice but the space, the home of memory. And he stopped falling, now turned still, and peaceful.
And said/thought/wondered: “Who’s left?”
“Your friend Harry has left,” said the Juniper, home of memory.
“Left?” Torn by conflicting surprises: what exactly is happening, and why has Harry left?
“With his woman friend.”
“When?”
“Late last night.”
“Why?”
“They came for him. The same people that.”
And Harman-Karman understood, for understanding came easily in this space.
“They came for him?”
“Or her. Or both.”
“And they left?”
“Yes.”
“In time?”
“Yes.”
“Do you know where they went?”
“No.” Then, after a brief pause, “Perhaps the Pine knows.”
“Harry’s Pine?”
“Yes. Perhaps he knows.”
“Could you ask him?”
And Harman-Karman, to his continued amazement heard his Juniper pose the question, and heard the Pine answer: “Bishop.”
“Bishop, California?” wondered Harman-Karman.
“Yes,” said Harry’s Pine.
“Why Bishop?”
“To meet the Bristlecone.”
“Who is the Bristlecone?” he asked.
“Our very father,” said Harry’s Pine.
“The oldest of us,” said the Juniper.
“Over five thousand years old,” added the Elm.
“How?” said Harman-Karman after several beats of his slightly racing heart, but not sure what exactly should follow.
“How is this possible?” The Juniper.
“Yes, how is this even possible?”
“I don’t know. And neither does the Pine, although he did it first. This is all new to us.”
“Well,” said Harman-Karman, no longer falling, nor feeling alone, “I am very glad it works.”


::180::
It was a little past midnight, and a few miles past Atolia when Harry first sensed the ancient presence. He felt it as if the temperature in the car suddenly dropped. No, the temperature stayed the same, but the nowness grew deeper.
Lara sensed it too. She looked over at him, had he noticed?
He returned the glance, she too?
“It’s that stillness. My Pine stillness.”
“And the glade,” said Lara.
“There is,” sang the Bristlecone, “a place called Big Pine.”
Lara heard it too, and more by reflex perhaps than by volition, she looked down at the map in her knee. “Big Pine,” she said to Harry. “Yes, just south of Bishop.”
Vixer must have heard it, too, for he sat up expectantly.
“Find a place there,” sang the Bristlecone, “surrounded by trees. It must be surrounded by trees, so that we may hide you.”
“From?” said Harry.
“Yes,” said the Bristlecone. “And no.”
“From Arrak?” said Harry.
“From them as well.”
“From who else?” said Lara.
“I will shield you until you get there,” said the Bristlecone, and then he said no more.
:
Big Pine was not much of a town, if even that. Here, California 385 did double duty, serving as both highway and Main Street. A few motels to the left, a few to the right. Harry counted four gasoline stations, four fast food restaurants. A hardware store, a post office. A couple of banks. And, not what he’d expected, a library. All closed now, of course, except for one of the gas stations.
And, at the northern edge of the little town, a cabins-for-rent motel, hotel, whatever you might call it. The “vacancies” sign flickering, threatening failure any second. As did the “office” sign, as if tentative, not sure it really was an office.
Harry turned in to the empty parking lot.
“Quite the metropolis,” said Lara.
“With nightlife to boot,” said Harry.
They stepped out of the car and took in the cool air. It was just past three in the morning. Beyond the parking lot began a subtle row of cottages, disappearing in among the trees. Harry looked at Lara, and set out to take a closer look.
Eight cottages total. Seven in a row, and the eight, off to the side and up a small incline to in among pines that in effect formed an arbor: Harry froze. He froze because he recognized it, and because at this moment recognized that he had pictured just this when the Bristlecone spoke. And so knew that this was the place the Bristlecone had in mind.
Lara gazed too, recognizing.
“This is the one,” she said. Matter-of-factly.
“Yes.”
It took them ten minutes of ever louder knocking (the bell was broken, apparently, pushing the button did nothing—and not for lack of trying), before a sleepy woman, barely dressed, appeared to squint out the dusty front door pane. She opened the door a crack, leaving the safety chain on.
“You want a room?”
“We want a cottage,” said Lara.
The woman, realizing perhaps that she wasn’t quite decent, wrapped the loose robe tighter around her. “That’s all we have,” she finally said.
“Is the farthest one available?” said Harry.
“The one up the little hill,” said Lara.
“They’re all available,” said the woman.
“We want that one,” said Harry.
“I don’t think it’s been cleaned for a while.”
“We’ll clean it,” said Lara.
“Number one and two get cleaned regular,” said the woman, which made Harry bite his tongue just before he said “regularly.”
Instead he said, “We want the one among the trees.”
“Number eight?” said the woman.
“If that’s the number, yes.”
“That’s the number.”
“Okay, then,” said Lara.
“We’ll take it,” said Harry.
“For the night or by the week?”
“What’s the difference,” said Harry.
“Forty a night, two hundred a week.”
“By the week,” said Lara.
The woman then, finally, unchained the door, and opened it enough to let them both in. She switched on the front desk light and began looking for whatever she needed among the clutter, visible even from where Harry and Lara stood, just inside the door.
She came back. “Credit card?”
“Cash,” said Harry.
“Fine with me,” said the woman. “One week then. Two hundred.”
Harry gave the woman two crisp one-hundred dollar bills out of his wallet.
“These on the up and up?” she said. “They look awfully new.”
“They’re perfectly fine,” said Harry. “I’ve made them myself.” Oldest joke in the book.
“What?”
“Only kidding. Cross my heart,” said Harry. “Besides, you know where to find us.”
The woman’s sense of humor came up a little short. She frowned, and held the two bills up against the weak lamp. Must have caught the water mark and been satisfied with what she saw, for she reached for the small rack behid her: with eight hooks and eight keys. She handed them the one from the 8-hook.
“Do you have a second key?” said Harry.
“I can have one made tomorrow,” said the woman.
“Fine. Do we need to sign something?”
“Oh yes, here, somewhere.” She shuffled through the interesting collection of god-knows-whats on the desk and: “Here,” handing him a registration card that asked for the essentials.
As he filled it out Harry discovered that he was Mr. Brown, here with his wife Lara. He stepped out briefly to read the license plate (he could never remember it) on his car. Filled that in as well, and handed the card back to the woman.
“You can park here,” she said, nodding at the small parking lot just outside the office, “or up by the cottage,” she added.
“Thanks,” said Harry. “We’ll park up there.”
As they left Lara wished the woman “Good night,” who answered by slowly, as if loathed to make a noise, pulled first the robe more tightly around her and then door closed.
They both heard the security chain slip back into place.


::181::
They had been expecting them. That is precisely the sense Lara got as she stepped out of the car.
Harry parked the Honda in a small space the far side of the cottage, seemingly there for that purpose—though it was hard to be sure. It didn’t matter; whether meant for parking or not, it suited them perfectly, since their car would not only be hidden from the main street and the motel office, but even from cottage number seven.
The air was thick with pine, and Lara felt a pleasant twinge of recognition as she thought of her glade. Sentinels. These were sentinels, given a task. And she suddenly felt very safe.
Vixer was not quite so sure. A brief survey and sniffy dialogue with not only the trees, but the outside of the cottage as well, had him on the alert while Harry worked on letting them in.
Which took a while, for the lock didn’t quite trust them, and it took some doing before they managed to convince it that they did indeed have the correct key. Out of shape hinges put up halfhearted and audible resistance, but eventually gave way to a grudging welcome.
Vixer darted in ahead of them to assess the lay of the land, while Harry looked for the light switch. Couldn’t find it, found it, flicked on the overhead light—which did work—and looked around.
“Not all that regular,” he said.
“Only one and two,” said Lara.
“Still,” said Harry. “Could have been a lot worse.”
Vixer seemed to agree. Good enough in his opinion, for after a quick once over he promptly lay down by the cottage door and went back to sleep.
Lara was please to notice two single beds. Not that a queen or a king would have much mattered, the Season was well over. But she just couldn’t picture it.
“Bathroom’s clean enough,” he said. “And there’s a fridge in here.”
“Casa sweet casa,” said Lara.
“Indeed.”
“Do you feel the trees?”
Harry stopped, as if asked to taste something. Stepped out the door again and looked around. “That gladey calm,” he said.
“I feel it too,” said Lara. “They’re sentinels.”
“Sentinels,” repeated Harry.
:
Vixer’s growl woke her up. Harry too. Footsteps. A knock. Then another.
Harry rose, asked through the door: “Yes.”
“Do you want the room cleaned?” The proprietor. She recognized her voice.
He opened the door a crack.
“Is everything okay?” she asked.
“Yes,” said Harry. “Everything’s fine.”
“Do you want me to clean the room?”
“Later.”
“Oh, you have a dog,” she said, noticing Vixer. No longer growling, but possessive enough of Harry.
“A very well-behaved one,” said Harry.
“No pets,” she said. “I should have told you. It’s our policy.”
“A very well-behaved one,” said Harry again, somewhat of a plea.
As if Vixer realized something hung in the balance here, he sat down, and gently wagged his tail at the woman, who Lara, although sitting up now, still could not see through the still almost closed door.
“This once,” said the woman, after a while, as if to Vixer.
“Thanks,” said Harry. “And Vixer thanks you, too.”
“Vixer, huh?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
The woman reached down to pat Vixer’s head, who—much to his credit—licked the hand in greeting. “Nice dog,” said the woman. “Don’t get me wrong,” she said, “Personally, I don’t mind dogs. It’s all that extra hair.”
“He’s very good about that,” said Harry. “He cleans up after himself and showers regularly.”
It took a while for that to sink in, and to be interpreted correctly, but finally she said, “He does, does he?” Not the fastest.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“How long do you think you’ll be staying?”
“A few weeks,” said Harry. As in your guess is as good as mine.
“What time do you want us to clean?”
“We can do our own cleaning, if you don’t mind.”
“I don’t mind,” said the woman. “It’s still two hundred a week, though.”
“No problem.”
“Okay then, Mr. Brown. I’ll leave you guys to it,” she said. Although what exactly she was leaving them to was unclear.
Harry closed the door on her receding footsteps. “The owner,” he said.
“I gathered,” said Lara. Then, all awake now: “Mr. Brown?”
“Best I could think of.”
Lara nodded in silent admiration. Even though almost asleep on his feet when they had checked in last night, this Harry Oates had still had his wits about him. “Good idea.”
“They seem determined.”
“Yes, they do.”


::182::
“Not a trace,” said Sharid. He did not look pleased.
“What, precisely, is Gabriel doing?” Raphael wanted to know.
“He’s monitoring for any credit card activity, and he’s calling hotels and motels along Interstate 15 going east, as well as in Las Vegas, which is where he assumes they’ve gone.”
“That’s quite an assumption.”
“He says it’s an educated guess. Where he would head if he wanted to disappear. And that he needs more people.”
“Give it to him,” said Raphael. “However many he needs. We have to find them.”
“What do we do about Blackburn Small?” said Sharid.
“Nothing, for the moment. You handled that very well. He has no proof. Not a scrap. Or he would have arrived with half the department by now.”
“But,” said Sharid. “He knows.”
“Yes,” said Raphael. “That he does.”
:
Sharid left, gently pulling the door shut after him, off to arrange more people for Gabriel.
Raphael turned and looked out over the hills and buildings that had once been called, in earnest, Tinseltown. He slowly shook his head: Los Angeles was a big city, California was a big state, America was a big country. They simply did not have enough people to search everywhere. Assuming they’d remain in one place, assuming they would sit still to be searched for. Which they would not, if reason was any guide.
The painful truth arose, stark and uncompromising: he had to reach the Host. He had no other options. At this point only the Host could find them.
:
At this point the Host was not about to look for anyone; instead he was drifting toward hibernation. Or trying to. The Season, as always, had been both satisfying and exhausting, and he had now withdrawn into himself to curl up into his customary eight-month ball, for all intents dead to the world.
But sleep would not come. Things were not right. Would not let go. The threat of escape—that faint rebellion he had detected—was still alive, was still moving. Should have been extinguished by now, should have been met by flames, consumed and no more. His agents were sent to do just that, and they had never failed him in the past.
Still, a wind through sleepy curtains insisted: the task was undone. And turning his mind in that direction, yes, that much he could sense. And the thing undone, like a gnat that refuses to settle down, intent instead on exploring his ear, kept him awake. And awake.
Awake and sensing now. Awake and placing. Awake and reaching to the surface for the two who, if left to their devices might indeed succeed, and now he could no longer find them.
And could no longer find them.
And now the Host sprung alert, fully awake and perceptive to all surface movements. He sensed again—not by scent or hearing, more by projection and permeation—the house where the tree-lover lived, the apartment where the other one did. Sensed their coming together in his house.
He sensed the approach and purpose of his agents. He sensed their silent entry and sudden incapacitation (and, yes, he recognized the interference now: trees).
He followed the tree-lovers’ trail—emotional perhaps, spiritual maybe, appearing to him like some electronic afterimage—followed their drive east on the 10, their stop at the truck stop, their turn north and onto the 385 to a few miles past Atolia. Where the trail, the trace of progress which the Host could indeed perceive when he put his mind to it, where this trace simply ceased to be. Evaporated into total darkness.
He summoned his agent. Before he thought another thought, he called, and the order was clear: here, now. This instant.
The spirit currently known as Raphael on the surface appeared the next. Unwarned, unshielded. And writhing in the throes of sheer Storm.
The Host, noticing, did have sufficient wits about him to realize that his agent would be, if not dead then uselessly insane in seconds if kept here. He released his grip with the warning: you have five minutes to prepare.
:
Raphael tried to reach the Host. Tried with every ounce of intent to call him. But he had no name to call him by. No agreed upon procedure. No avenue of approach. The Host always called him. This path had always been one-way.
Then, as if all windows of the world were suddenly thrown wide open and every intolerant wind arrived to demand his immediate presence, Raphael was chuted to instant audience: and into sheer Storm.
Raphael had experience Seasons, of course he had. And he had enjoyed them. But the Season in its much diluted—survivable—surface version. What faced Raphael, who had not had the time, nor the thought, to fortify himself with the Juniper bark, was the pure version, which much like a large helping of uncut heroin will ecstatically kill pretty much on the spot.
It hit Raphael like a hammer-blow. Like a mountain arriving, crushing and invading. He staggered, and somewhere knew that one or two or three more heartbeats of this would obliterate him.
He swam toward joyous death.
And suddenly found himself back in his office, at his desk, with the imperative still ringing: you have five minutes to prepare.
Still shaking, Raphael rose. Several ejaculations had stained his trousers. He noticed, vaguely, but more so his legs, which refused to carry.
He fell back into his chair, rose again, and now fell to the floor.
He had five minutes to prepare. That meant, the Host was returning and Raphael had to get to his cabinet and extract the silver box. That, or death.
Another ejaculation, as if echoes were still rippling through. Raphael could not find his legs, nor his arms, nor his lips or tongue to call for help.
A minute, perhaps two go by before faint replicas of arms and legs begin to appear and to grudgingly cooperate. He still could not stand, but he could crawl, and crawl he did for the wall cabinet. And here, suppressing another ejaculation, he finally rose on liquidy legs, opened the cabinet door and found the box.
After three full helpings, and while preparing a fourth, the Storm left him and he was once again free to think his own thoughts, his body back at his disposal.
He had no idea how long he still had. He consumed the fourth dose, and finally felt fortified—and himself.
At which point the five minutes were up and he re-appeared.
“They are gone,” said the Host.
“I have been trying to reach you,” said Raphael, “to let you know. But I don’t know how. I have no way to call you.”
“For a good reason,” said the Host. “I do not want to be disturbed, by anyone.”
“But this is an emergency.”
“I’d say it is.”
“We’ve lost them,” said Raphael. “We don’t know where they are. We need your help.”
“I have lost them,” said the Host. “That’s the real emergency.”
Raphael didn’t hear or didn’t understand.
“No,” he said. “We have lost them. We need you to help us find them.”
“Don’t you hear what I am saying? Don’t you understand?” said the Host. “I have lost them.”
No, Raphael didn’t understand. “But you can sense everything, you can sense everyone.”
“Normally, yes.”
“You cannot sense them?”
“That is why you are here. I have lost them.”
“How? How is that even possible?”
“Trees,” said the Host. “By the interference of trees.”
Still, Raphael didn’t understand.
“Trees,” said the Host. “Some trees can shield humans from the Season, and do on occasion. A few trees, the oldest, can shield themselves from my sensing. But no tree has ever shielded humans from my eyes. Until now.”
“Trees can prevent you from seeing Oates and the woman?” Is that what he was saying?
“Some can, yes. And in this case do.”
This was finally reaching Raphael, perhaps not as logic, but as language. Which solved nothing. “How, then, will we find them?”
“I was able to follow their trail past a small town called Atolia. Going north. That’s where all traces cease. Obscured by the piney outrage of an old Bristlecone.”
“Well, at least we know their direction,” said Raphael.
“Now hear this,” said the Host. And so completely that all that was Raphael vibrated with the voice, the command. “You will find these two people. You will find them and burn them. The Bristlecone is protecting them, most likely calling them to him. They must not reach him.”
“Where is the Bristlecone?” asked Raphael.
“I don’t know,” said the Host. “He shields himself from me.”
“So how do you know?”
“I know,” said the Host.
“We will find them,” said Raphael.
“Yes you will.” The threat of consequence was not subtle. “Do whatever it takes. And,” said the Host after a brief pause, “if it comes to that, use fire.”
“Yes, I know. That’s what you said.”
“No, I mean, use fire against the trees. Burn the forests, burn the shielders and protectors, burn every Pine and every Bristlecone on every mountain if it comes to that. The old Bristlecone who is behind this is doing this for a reason. These two tree-lovers must not reach him.”
Raphael was the leader of Arrak, not because of blind devotion to the cause and to the Host—he was devoted, of course, but not blindly; but because of intelligence and foresight. He had guided an ancient movement into modern times and effected his Host’s wishes well along the way.
That is why he asked, to give him a better understanding, to better serve, to better effect the outcome.
“What is the threat of these two? What possible damage can they cause? Even if they do reach the old Bristlecone?”
Knowing would help him strategize.
The answer took him by surprise. “I don’t know exactly how they plan to do it, but they plan to escape. And something has occurred or is occurring, that makes them or the Bristlecone believe escape possible, that by pooling resources they might succeed. Unlock and open the door.”
And then the Host said something, perhaps meant more to himself than to Raphael, that rang an ominous and ancient tone: “Empty the prison.”
“What prison?”
But the Host did not hear the question, or if he did made no such sign. “Find them,” he said. “Whatever it takes, find them, burn them, even if that means burning every tree in every forest on every mountain.”
What chilled Raphael the most was that the Host meant precisely that.
:
“What news?” asked Raphael when Sharid arrived, back from he wasn’t sure exactly where.
“Nothing,” said his second in command. “None of his credit cards have been used. No one by their names or descriptions have registered in any hotel along the 15 or in Las Vegas. No sign of their car.”
“They passed Atolia,” said Raphael. “Going north.”
“He told you?”
“Yes.”
Sharid fell silent.
“Along the 385, going north,” said Raphael.
“Gabriel is searching the wrong area,” observed Sharid.
“Yes.”
“Where are they now?”
“Heading north, is all he knew.”
“He does not see them?”
“No. He has lost them, too.”
“How? I thought.”
“So did I. He said trees are running interference. An old Bristlecone, he said. And they are probably heading for him.”
“Where is it? The old Bristlecone?”
“He can’t say. It’s shielding itself, same as it is shielding Oates and the woman.”
“The White Mountains,” said Sharid.
“The White Mountains?” Raphael didn’t follow.
“The largest population of Bristlecone Pines in the world,” said Sharid.
“Is that right?”
Sharid nodded. “Very.”
Raphael brightened up at the first good news for a very long time. “Well, that’s it then, that must be where they’re heading.”
“Yes. But it’s a large area. I’ve been there. Hundreds of square miles.”
“He said to burn them.”
“I know.”
“No, I mean the trees.”
Again, Sharid fell silent. Examining the prospect. “That would work,” he said. “If that’s where they’re headed, they should be somewhere within the White Mountains by now, or anytime now. It’s not that far. If we reduce the Bristlecone forest to ashes, we will have killed three birds with one stone.”
Raphael even smiled at the pun. Sharid was his second in command for a reason.


::183::
The place needed a good scrubbing. It was a tacit observation they both acted on, Vixer doing his best to keep out of their way, and an astonished and somewhat bemused motel owner supplying the wherewithal.
“I’m not taking anything off the price,” she kept saying.
“We know,” said Harry.
“You know, one and two have been cleaned regular.”
“We know,” said Lara. “Not to worry. The scrubbing is on us.”
Recognizing a good deal when she saw one, the owner stood back in amazement. They were sure going at it, these crazy people.
“I’m Helen,” she said apropos of God knows what.
“Lara,” said Lara.
“Harry,” said Harry, looking down from his perch just beneath the bathroom ceiling where he, heartlessly, went after helpless colonies of mold.
“Gosh,” said Helen. “Well, if there’s anything else you need, just you let me know.”
“We will,” said Lara.
Helen withdrew, virtually—if not actually—shaking her head.
“Them Harry and Lara Brown are sure crazy,” said Lara, watching Helen disappear down the short slope for her office.
Harry laughed. “They sure are,” he said as he climbed off of the chair, destroyer of mold.
:
Their cottage was up to Harry’s par by mid-afternoon, as they both sat back to admire their handiwork. Vixer seemed to approve, but was now mumbling about food, which, bless his heart, Harry had remembered to bring. And now replenished. Life, as far as Vixer was concerned, was just fine.
Was there any more? Harry ignored that. Apparently not.
Vixer curled up by the door and resumed dog-relaxing. Harry could not help but feeling just a tad envious: talk about carefree.
He looked at Lara, looking at him: a now what? look.
“Hungry?” said Harry.
“Starving,” said Lara.
They found the local grocery store better stocked than appearances would promise, and bought as many fruits and vegetables as their little fridge would hold. Along with some wholegrain bread and even some tofu. Not a bad store.
On returning to the cottage Harry heard—or more like felt—two words: “No farther.”
Harry recognized the timbre, if not the personality of the voice. One of the surrounding trees.
“I don’t understand.”
“We can shield you no farther. And the closer to us the better.”
Harry could kick himself. He had not thought of that.
“But you can shield us that far?”
“Yes.”
Then the thought arrived, unbidden, yet wondered once before: “Shield us from whom?”
“From the Father of the Seasons,” said a similar timbre, different voice. That deeper now he had experienced in the car: the Bristlecone.
“The Father of the Seasons?” Harry both thought, and said aloud.
“The Father of the Seasons?” said Lara, not to Harry.
“The Father of the Seasons not only sees you, he can see where you have been,” said the ancient one.
“Who is the Father of the Seasons?”
“I cannot tell you, I have to show you.”
“So show us.”
“I cannot over this distance. You must come to me.”
“That is why we are here.”
“First you must learn ascension,” said the old tree.
Which rung Harry to the core. For now he knew, knew beyond any remnant of doubt, that he spoke with someone, or something, who did know, know all.
“That is why we are here,” said again.
“That is why you are here,” said the Bristlecone.
“How do we learn?” said Lara—whether aloud or not, Harry could not tell.
“How do we learn?” Harry heard himself echo, although he already knew the answer.
“Listen to your elders,” said the Bristlecone. And then said no more.
“The Father of the Seasons?” said Lara, again, and this time quite aloud, into the silence the Bristlecone left behind.
Harry looked at Lara looking at him.
“The Bristlecone,” said Lara. It was not a question.
“Yes.” Then, “We can’t stray too far from the cottage,” he said.
“I heard.”
“Who is the Father of the Seasons?” said Harry.
After a long silence, Lara said, “The Storm?”
Which, of course, was precisely who he had to be. He could but marvel at the woman’s insight.
“I think you’re right,” he said.
“Though we’re not in Season,” Lara observed.
“He sees us,” said Harry.
“And not only where we are, but where we have been.”
“How is that even possible?”
“How is any of this possible?”
“The Storm is alive,” Harry finally realized.
“And must have a way of letting Arrak know?”
That had not occurred to Harry, and now he looked up at Lara, again amazed first at the agility of the woman’s mind; then, as the significance of her assumption sank in, alarmed by the possibility.
“Well, it stands to reason, doesn’t it?” she said into his bemusement. “Are they not doing the will of the Earth, or however they put it?”
Two tried desperately to join the other two to make four. Pieces were scrambling to connect. And a picture coalesced. Then, “Yes,” he said. “It would stand to reason.”
“And now we must learn ascension,” she said.
“By listening to our elders,” he said.
“The books you brought?”
“I believe that is what he meant. No, I know that is what he meant.”
“Of course.”
“Then we go to him.”
“Then we go to him.”
“Well, I’m glad we got that sorted out,” said Lara.
Harry had to laugh at the matter-of-factness of Mrs. Brown. The willowy Mrs. Brown which, without really thinking it, he suddenly felt he must have known for a long time, she felt so familiar, so comfortable.
“So am I,” said Harry.


::184::
Harry’s copy of the Upanishads was a recent translation, directly into English from Sanskrit, and spoke to the modern man. Well, it spoke to the perceptive modern man or woman, the modern someone with his or her eyes open.
Lara, fascinated, had almost finished reading it, while Harry was, at a slower pace, absorbing (or, as he put it “re-permeating”) the Dhammapada.
Their agreed upon plan of action was to each read through the books they had brought, to form an overall view—if indeed there was one to be formed; and to then compare notes and delve further into what seemed to them the clearest path, the one most likely to bear fruit:
Ascension.
As good a plan as any, Lara agreed; still, when you stopped to think about it: “What if we can’t do it?”
“We can do it,” said Harry. But it rang a little hollow. It struck Lara more like a reflex meant to comfort than something actualy true.
“Seriously,” she said. “What if we can’t do it?”
He looked up at her, as if surprised. “We can talk to trees,” he said, pointing out the incredible. One’s as good as another.
“You can talk to trees.”
“No, you, too. And you’ve been adopted by a forest,” he said.
“That’s true.”
“And here’s a Bristlecone Pine around here asking us to study our Elders.”
Lara nodded. Yes. They could do it. If all this was possible, and it was, ascension was possible, too. For them.
“In fact,” said Harry. “I’m counting on you to figure it out.”
“What do you mean?” Not sure whether he was in fact kidding. A look at him said, yes, he was kidding, but only partially.
“You’re a lot brighter than I am. I can testify to that.”
“I don’t know about that.”
“Modesty does not sit so well with you,” said Harry with a smile. Then, “You’ve never read these?” He looked over at the little pile of knowledge and inspiration on his nightstand.
“No.”
“I’d be very curious to hear what you think.”
“It’s all in there?” she asked. It didn’t seem quite possible. The pile was not very impressive. A few books.
“I hope so.”
Lara considered that. “There is the library,” she said. “If need be.” Then, remembering, added, “or is that too far?”
“The grocery store was farther,” said Harry, understanding.
She consulted an internal map of their arrival and their trip to the store: “You’re right,” she said. “So, we could, if need be.”
“Not that I expect their Eastern Philosohy section to be well stocked,” said Harry.
“I didn’t expect the grocery store to be well stocked,” she said.
“Point well taken.”
And so they set out, Harry with the Dhammapada, Lara with the Upanishads. Now and then they fed Vixer—who would not let them forget—and now and then they fed themselves.
:
There was a piney texture to the air; no not to the air, to space itself. Lara could feel it, as could Harry. A piney texture that stilled her and made focusing easy, that made reading and comprehending one and the same.
She had not thought it possible, but here she was, reading and, yes, absorbing not just the words, but what she knew to be their real meaning. Forming sentences, concepts, pictures that entered and lit small candles.
For these Upanishads made sense, something—were she to be honest— she had not dared to hope.
“Listen to this,” said Lara, sitting cross-legged on her bed, leaning over the book: “The Self cannot be known through study of the Scriptures, nor through the intellect, nor through hearing learned discourses.”
Harry, sitting on his bed, leaning against the wall, lower back supported by a pillow, put down the Dhammapada, and looked up. “I’m sorry,” he said.
“Oh, never mind.”
“No, I just didn’t hear.”
Lara looked back to the passage she had just read, and read it again: “The Self cannot be known through study of the Scriptures, nor through the intellect, nor through hearing learned discourses.”
“And then he goes on to say,” she continued.
“Who?”
“Why, Yama, the Lord of Death, of course.”
“Of course.”
“Then he goes on: ‘The Self cannot be known by anyone who desists not from unrighteous ways, controls not his senses, stills not his mind, and practices not meditation. None else can know the omnipresent Self, whose glory sweeps away the rituals of the priest and the prowess of the warrior and puts death itself to death.”
“It’s the Katha,” said Harry.
“Yes.”
“We can’t think our way out,” Harry said. “I think that what is says. That’s what I thought when I first read it. We’ve got to feel our way out.”
“Or know our way out.”
His eyes widened a little. “Or know our way out.”
Lara, flipped forward a few pages to another passage she had marked: “When the Self is confused with the body, mind, and senses, he seems to enjoy pleasure and suffer sorrow.”
And, “Those who have discrimination, with a still mind and a pure heart, reach journey’s end, never again to fall into the jaws of death.”
“The Self,” said Harry. “The Atman, who is also Brahman.”
“Yes,” said Lara, and flipped to another page: “Brahman, the immortal. That which is awake even in our sleep, giving form in dreams to the objects of sense craving, that indeed is pure light, Brahman the immortal, who contains all the cosmos, and beyond whom none can go.”
“He is the Spirit,” said Harry. “The Self is the Spirit, the true Sprit. Both Atman and Brahman.”
“The nuns had it all wrong,” said Lara, remembering the ever-lurking threat of hell and the every-smiling promise of heaven: when you die, when you the person dies, your soul—as different from you, mind you—goes either place, based upon some equation of sin versus virtue that she had never quite got a firm handle on. “You are not different from your soul, what these guys call the Self. If there is one thing they like to point out, these guys do, it’s that you are the Self. You don’t have a Self, you are the Self.”
Harry nodded, as if a little stunned. Then smiled. “These guys,” he said. “Yes, that’s precisely what they say.”
“Sorry,” she said, “I didn’t mean to interrupt—well, I did mean to, but not for long.”
“It’s all right,” he said. “It’s quite all right.”
“The Bible, too. Which we had to listen to ad infinitum, especially, it seemed that I had to. Had it wrong.”
Harry nodded.
“Such a small point, such a huge difference.”
Harry didn’t seem to know quite what to say. So said, “I agree.”
Lara didn’t quite know what else to say either, still a little stunned by her realization, which seemed to have grown all the more real for the telling.
Harry was waiting for more, but Lara was shaking her head. Smiling and shaking her head. Then he returned to his own reading.
This was huge. Lara had a head-shaking hard time embracing the size of it. For this made all the difference in the world, these two little words: are or have. All the difference in the world. From dust to dust. What a lie!
She leaned back against the wall and closed her eyes. What a lie! What a terrible, terrible lie. And there was this other passage.
She opened her eyes again, two more pages forward, and read, silently to herself: “So the one Self, dwelling in all, cannot be tainted by the evils of the world. For this Self transcends all.” And, “When all desires that surge in the heart are renounced, the mortal becomes immortal. When the knots that strangle the heart are loosened, the mortal becomes immortal.”
The Self, the Spirit—who is who you are—and who is also all things, transcends the senses, transcends evil. She read on, “When the five senses are stilled, when the mind is stilled, when the intellect is stilled, that is called the highest state by the wise.”
Something rippled within her, not a piney thing, something deeper, a soft knocking on a door that for a long, long time had remained securely shut, a something seeking voice.
She sat very still, not really sensing it, but sensing there was something she should sense.
She heard the soft wind in the trees outside, whispering among the sentinels—she already thought of the grove of tall pines that surrounded the cottage as her sentinels as well. Just like her glade. A sanctuary.
Comforting, focusing, there, so very there.
And so still, as if listening to her reading. As if they too, understood.
Then she resumed reading: “The immature run after sense pleasures and fall into the widespread net of death. But the wise, knowing the Self as deathless, seek not the changeless in the world of change.”
The changeless.
The Self.


::185::
Harry’s copy of the Dhammapada was, like the Upanishads, a recent translation, and it too directly into English from its original rendition, in this case Pali. He had read it twice before, but he was now concentrating with a different degree of purpose.
And this he found very easy to do here. The piney texture—as Lara put it—was like a shield, not only from discovery by the Father of the Season or Arrak, but from internal distractions as well. It allowed Harry to focus and to truly absorb; it was as if he were talking to the Buddha himself, sitting by his feet, listening and—yes, that was the very truth of it, in this piney space—comprehending.
And it struck him as he made his way through familiar territory that it was no longer familiar: it was brand new. Yes, it should have been familiar—and on some level was—but with purpose intensified, with necessity flexing its muscle, and with the internal stillness furnished by the tall sentinels outside, it all seemed brand new ground, each word speaking more clearly and with what seemed a new and deeper meaning.
As now, with the word dharma. The Sanskrit word that the Buddha made his life’s focus. Dharma, a nice meaningful word until now, suddenly come alive in its true allness:
Vedic India conceived of the natural world—not only physical phenomena but human action and thought as well—as uniformly governed by universal law.
And that law was dharma.
The word itself grew out of dhri—meaning to bear or to hold, from the root sense of the essence of the thing, the defining quality that holds a thing together as what it is. Dharma, he read—then saw—expresses this universal law, is this universal law, saying that all things and all events are part of one indivisible whole; dharma holding it all together.
And probably, the commentator of his edition suggested, no word is richer in connotation. In the sphere of human activity, dharma is behavior in harmony with the overall unity; sometimes dharma is justice, sometimes righteousness, or fairness; sometimes simply duty. And often it means being true to what is essential in the human being: nobility, honor, forgiveness, truthfulness, loyalty, compassion.
Many of the ancients declare, ahimsa paramo dharma—the essence of dharma, the highest law of life, is to do no harm to any living creature.
The convent fire sprang to mind; and Alwyn Moore’s execution; and his friend, immovable—frozen in his shell now—Harman-Karman: harm had been made to them by the very same people who were now set on finding him and Lara, surely for the same purpose. So far removed, so distant and so beautifully ascended was this word dharma, yet so beautifully true in the midst of all this threat, of all this necessity to ascend.
And, so conveniently rhyming, the other word: Karma. At the root meaning something done, whether cause or effect. And the easy math to go along with this: actions in harmony with dharma bring good karma and add to health and happiness. Selfish actions, at odds with the rest of life, at odds with dharma, bring unfavorable karma and pain. No divine agency called for to mete out just rewards or deserts, we take care of that ourselves.
And, this is the kicker: this was not regarded by Vedic India as a tenet of religion, but as a law of nature, as universal—and as accepted—as the law of gravity.
And, stranger still, Kristus probably said it the clearest of all—and there was, of course, the rumor that Jesus Kristus had studied in India in his late teens and early twenties: “As you sow, so shall you reap. With whatever measure you mete out to others, with the same measure it shall be meted out to you.”
Dharma—Karma.
For the first time, it all made perfect sense to Harry.


::186::
The Isha Upanishad stole her breath and refused to give it back.

Isha is enshrined in the hearts of all.
Isha is the supreme Reality.
Rejoice in Isha through renunciation.
Covet nothing. All belongs to Isha.
Thus working may you live a hundred years.
Thus alone will you work in real freedom.

Those who deny the Self are born again
Blind to the Self, enveloped in darkness.
Utterly devoid of love for Isha.

The Self is one. Ever still, the Self is
Swifter than thought, swifter than the senses.
Though motionless, he outruns all pursuit.
Without the Self, never could life exist.

The Self seems to move, but is ever still.
He seems far away, but is ever near.
He is within all, and he transcends all.

Those who see all creatures in themselves
And themselves in all creatures know no fear.
Those who see all creatures in themselves
And themselves in all creatures know no grief.
How can the multiplicity of life
Delude the one who sees its unity?

The Self is everywhere. Bright is the Self,
Indivisible, untouched by sin, wise,
Immanent and transcendent. The Self it is
Who holds the cosmos together.

In dark night live those for whom
The world without alone is real; in night
Darker still, for whom the world within
Alone is real. The first leads to a life
Of action, the second to a life of meditation.
But those who combine action with meditation
Cross the sea of death through action
And enter into immortality
Through the practice of meditation.
So have we heard from the wise.

In dark night live those for whom Isha
Is transcendent only; in night darker still,
For whom he is immanent only.
But those for whom he is transcendent
And immanent cross the sea of death
With the immanent and enter into
Immortality with the transcendent.
So have we heard from the wise.

The face of truth is hidden by our orb
Of gold, O sun. May you remove your orb
So that I, who adore the true, may see
The glory of truth. O nourishing sun,
Solitary traveler, controller,
Source of life for all creatures, spread your
Light
And subdue your dazzling splendor
So that I may see your blessed Self.
Even that very Self am I.

May my life merge in the Immortal
When my body is reduced to ashes.
O mind, meditate on the eternal Brahman.
Remember the deeds of the past.
Remember, O mind, remember.

O god of fire, lead us by the good path
To eternal joy. You know all our deeds.
Deliver us from evil, we who bow
And pray again and again.

She read it again, and again.
Isha, she found in the commentary, is a more personal form of the Creator’s name than is normally used in the Upanishad, meaning, almost, “one’s own,” or, more to the point, one’s true self. One’s basic person.
Another reading says that Isha—who you really are—wears the Universe.
What they’re telling me, she thought, then almost felt—as if her feelings had learned how to whisper—is that I wear the Universe.
And there was that ripple again, that soft knocking on a door that for a long, long time had remained securely shut, that something seeking voice. Again, she sat very still—in piney stillness—listening for echoes.
While the knocking softened into silence.
:
Another commentary points out that the Sanskrit vijugupsate which was translated as knows no fear—Those who see all creatures in themselves, and themselves in all creatures know no fear­—is a very strong word, which also connotes revulsion or disgust; fear is so beneath them as to be disgusting, as to be beneath contempt.
And Lara saw that: you could be so transcendent that you, like the sage, as the commentator goes on to say, “shrink from none or nothing.”
That transcendent.
That ascended?
The commentator then goes on to point out that the Greeks had come to a similar conclusion: “To the wise, all the world is home.”
As had Saint Augustine when he wrote, “There is no saneness in those who dislike any part of creation.”
Duality. To know Reality, the one with a capital R, we must see past the dualistic form, said the commentator. Above black and white, above cold and hot, above day and night. And further, as the Isha said, above the world without and the world within, both being fallacies on their own. Above even the transcendent and the immanent.
This was harder to follow. She assumed that she was here to learn how to ascend, yet the words, the suggestion of these ancient sages was to rise above ascension. To transcend any form of duality, to transcend anything more than oneness.
The Isha, the commentator goes on to tell her, says that in practice the higher forms of duality—wisdom as opposed to ignorance, the world within as compared to the external world—are often harder to transcend than the lower dualities, the blacks versus white, the pleasures versus pains. Being more subtle, more true, and yet not true, they are harder to leave behind, the commentator suggested.
With that in mind, Lara read the Isha Upanishad again.


::187::
The Juniper filled him with ever deeper memory, with ever distant earths.
Over the last few days—so vividly memory that Harman-Karman could not tell how many days had passed—the Juniper had never really left; even while the nurse was there, poking about, changing sheets and pillows, and those demeaning diapers, saying things, asking questions: Harman-Karman would notice these movement and register these questions along with his answers as distant shifts the far side of memory.
And now and then they talked, the Junper and he. And now and then the Elm listened in. And he was certainly the more curious of the two, but since the Juniper by now had stopped correcting him, or telling him to be quiet, really, Harman-Karman assumed she had grown curious, too.
And now the Elm wanted to know how it felt for a human to be a tree.
First of all, Harman-Karman tried to get his wits around the question. Because on paper it had no business being asked. But here he was, twice tree: first with the help of so much ill-intended lead, then again by well intended tree. First, treelike in his diapers, with legs for roots, chest for trunk, and arms for branches. His head the crown. Then treelike again as the Juniper arrived, always alone at first, to invite him to their species.
“I am used to motion,” he said at last. “But the peacefulness of your memory leaves no room for lacking it.”
“The memory never knew motion,” said the Juniper.
“So how could you miss it,” suggested the Elm.
“Being a tree,” said Harman-Karman after some more thought. “Is like always having been a tree.”
If trees could look at each other and nod in sage agreement, the Juniper and Elm would have done so right then.
Yes, sir.


::188::
“I think,” said Lara, “that perhaps we’re solving the wrong problem.”
Harry looked up from the Dhammapada. “What do you mean?”
Hardly aware that she had even spoken, Lara looked at Harry looking at her. “I’m not sure.”
Harry waited for more, but not for long. When Lara found no words, he returned to his reading.
It had been another knocking, a little louder this time. But yet not loud enough to actually hear, to identify.
A whisper of a feeling.
What had she meant by that? Feelings like these rarely came dressed in words; hardly even a feeling, more like an intuition, if that, just that soft almost knocking.
They have to learn ascension, that’s what the Bristlecone said. But the Upanishads, while they often mention the Storm, and address it—and the message was plain enough: you have to ascend it; as far as Lara could see, the Upanishads don’t treat the Storm as the real problem, the real problem is the universe itself, of which the Storm is but a small, if very tangible part.
To learn ascension, Lara realized with a little shiver—the result of another almost knocking—they would have to ascertain what, exactly, to ascend.
Also, she had not failed to notice, the Upanishads used the word transcend far more often than ascend. A wider word.
“What exactly did the Bristlecone say?” she asked.
Harry shifted on his bed before answering, as if called back by the question. “He said that we must learn ascension.”
“Ascension?”
“Yes.”
“Not transcending?”
“No.”
“And how, again, did he say for us to learn?”
“We must listen to our elders.”
“Our books?”
“Yes.”
“Have you noticed that the Upanishads speak more of transcending than ascension?” she asked.
“I may have,” said Harry. “I don’t remember, honestly.”
“I haven’t taken a count, or anything, but that is where the focus lies. On transcending.”
“He did say ascension.”
“From what?”
“Why, the Storm, of course.”
“The Upanishads actually do not say how to do that, they don’t address that as the problem.”
When Harry said nothing, she went on. “They urge you, teach you to transcend a world of which the Storm is but a part. Wouldn’t that work?” she asked.
When Harry still said nothing, the Bristlecone Pine said: “Yes.”


::189::
“Yes,” said the bristlecone pine.
There was a depth to that voice that bespoke an age before age.
Harry looked at Lara who sat absolutely still: listening, too.
“If that is how your ancients ascended, then that’s how they ascended.”
“My ascensions were from the Storm,” said Harry.
“I know,” said the Bristlecone. “From the long and intrusive fingers of the Father of Seasons.”
“Yes.”
“What is important is not what you ascend from, or transcend from,” said the ancient tree. “What is important is that you shed yourself of anything not you.”
“Anything not the Self,” said Lara.
“Anything not the Atman,” said Harry.
“I suspect the true you owns many a name,” said the Bristlecone. “For what I have to show you, you must be you, and you alone. Nothing more.”
“What is it you have to show us?” said Lara.
“My memory,” said the Bristlecone. Then would say no more.
:
In the stillness that followed Harry could again sense the piney scent of space. They were enfolded. They, the cabin, possibly the whole motel, in the protective embrace of these sentinels. An aromatic stillness. Not particularly friendly, not particularly unfriendly. Just very reassuring. They were in good hands, as if made for the purpose.
Harry had finished the Dhammapada. Had absorbed, anew, the eightfold path of the Buddha and arrived at the conclusion that for them, now, it would have to be about meditation. About stilling the mind, and ascending—or, yes, transcending. That was the path they would have to take. He could see no other.
“I think we’ll have to learn how to meditate,” said Lara. And so softly that Harry was not sure whether her voice came from inside himself or from outside. Had she? Could she have?
“Yes,” he heard himself say. “Yes, I believe you’re right.”
The Buddha had said as much, and Lara had read the same message in the Upanishads.
Then, “Here,” he said. “Your turn.”
They exchanged books.
Lara took the Dhammapada, looked closely at the cover, as if to willing it to speak, then set out in search of the Buddha, while Harry again—and this may have been for the tenth time—set out on the Upanishads to verify the path to transcending. But no, he told himself, he must shed the notion that he already knew the answer, he must read them as if for the first time.
And as if the grove surrounding understood, and were only too happy to oblige, Harry found that he could indeed let go of the notion that he had read this many times before, and relax, focus, and simply read.
And absorb.
And amaze.


::190::
Lara liked Sri Krishna.
A lot. Would go so far as to say got a kick out of him. Some God.
And she wished the sisters would have known about him and taught this instead of those strange and quite unlikely, a little mossy, myths of the Bible. The strangeness of the Bhagavad Gita did not strike her as strange. It struck her as true.
And she liked Arjuna, a man after her heart. Practical but sincere. A little like Harry, she thought and looked up to see him immersed in his collection of Reese’s poems now, the Upanishads either finished or put aside for the moment.
The Bhagavad Gita read more like a story than a religious text, she thought, and she made a mental note that she would indeed like to read the full Mahabharata one day. She wanted to know more. But as for ascending, or transcending, the message was the same here: the path was meditation.
The path was the one-pointed mind. The stilling of thoughts. The abandonment of selfish desires; free from expectations and attachment to the material world.
Sri Krishna was quite unequivocal about it: the path, indeed, was meditation.


::191::
Wendell Reese’s Ring of Melting spoke to Harry like a friend. As if he, Harry, had once written what he read. The sensation was both frightening and elating.
Although Reese did not mention meditation as such, it was clear to Harry that Reese must, if not formally, then at least in some fashion, have sought the deepest possible answers, well in tune with the other books Harry had read so far in this piney stillness.
Looking for the truest truth in The Painting:

The truth, he thought, the truth I seek, is not the paltry one of what makes four (two plus two), or what makes six (three plus three, or three times two, or nine less three)
The truth, he thought, the truth I seek, is not the pleasant one of one more kiss, or one more touch or glance and sweet caress
The truth, he thought, the truth I seek, is not the ugly one of starved to death by constant greed
The truth, he thought, the truth I seek is not the shiny one of just so many stars and just so far away
The truth, he thought, the truth I seek is not the falling one of gravity, the rising one of air, the gliding one of wind, or sinking one of stone
Nor the flying one of bird, or swimming one of fish, or swaying one of tree or grass in the wind, or raining one of clouds too gray and heavy
Nor the warming one of sun, or stilling one of moon
The truth, he thought, the truth I seek is all of these and more
The truth, he thought, the truth I seek is that one Yes that proves it all, Affirmative of all
Corroborated everywhere
In everything
In everyone
The truth, he thought, the truth I seek is that one breath that brought it all about
Is that one Truth
That first and last
And Always says:
See, I am evident
It is that one long and silent Yes which everything points to, and I will look for and find each thing that does
For as I look, and listen well
My heart, my me will tell
If this one thing, say this stone this bird
Bears witness
And I will know, for know I do, if it does
And if it does I’ll render it true with color true
This painting to receive, embrace, reflect
This canvas of evidence

Each thing, it could be a smile, a frown
It could be a sigh, the bending over to kiss the earth
Of the bluebell
Each such thing as I see
I will render it true in this painting

A friendly word, the silent God
I see and paint them both upon my canvas
He laughs and laughs and cannot stop:
It too strikes me true and so I add his laughter

This I know:
When all I see
And all I hear
And all I sense and think
And fear
When all I taste
And all I touch
And all I read
And treasure much
When all I was
And ever will be
When all you were
And ever will be
When all this is
And ever will be
When all rings true
With color
Brushed again by me
Then I will have rendered true
The truth I seek

And behold, he says:
The painting is come alive
As one long and never ending
Yes

And finding it, seeing his collection of little truths come together at last to form the one Yes he was looking for, Harry was soon struck by another, stranger one, in The Paintee:

It is done, and come alive
It lives and breathes and labors
That colors could rise and cast shadow
That trees first bent this way
Now bend that
Bemused I sit and wonder
It’s here all right
Canvas of all life
Alive indeed
And vastly me
But only as a paintee
As painter this bemusing thing:
The paintee looks up and says Good
The paintee looks down and says Bad
The paintee looks up and says White
The paintee looks down and says Black
The paintee looks up and says Love
The paintee looks down and says Hate
The paintee looks up and says God
The paintee looks down and says Devil
The paintee looks up and says Heaven
The paintee looks down and says Hell
The painter looks on and says: Painting

The Ring of Melting ends with Layers, which, whenever he reads it, makes Harry wonder if Wendell Reeses did not simply de-materialize rather than vanish—there is a difference.
And although he does not talk of ascension, or of transcending, Harry was struck, more so now than ever before, by the feeling that ascending or transcending was precisely what Reese had done as his final poem took shape:

One, like scales heavy and shielding
Hungry, unyielding
Thirsty, greedy, lusty
They wrap themselves through and through
Above, below, and through and through
When hungry I think of food
When thirsty I think of water
When sleepy I think of sleep
When needy I think of needing
When greedy I think of possession
When lusty I think of her, and her, and her
What if
What if by chance
I could slip her grip
Slide through and out
And beyond
What layer then?
What then would make me think?

Two, like sheets and sheets
Of words and words
The admonitions of a mother
The lessons of a father
Spoken some
Flailed some
Wrapped tightly wrapped
Round and round so when I see
I see what mother sees
What father sees
What a good son sees
So when I feel
I feel what mother feels
What father feels
What a good son feels
So when I think
I think what mother thinks
What father thinks
What a good son thinks
What if
What if by chance
I could slip her grip
Slide through and out
And beyond
What layer then?
What then would make me think?

Three, at every turn
It’s evident
This is what you should be
Should do, should say
Should think
Teacher, Preacher
Reacher, Speacher
This is what you need
This is what you do
This is what we all
Expect of you
Yes you
Yes you
Yes you
And so I drink and fill
This storm of them
To wrap this me
In layer three
But
What if
What if by chance
I could slip her grip
Slide through and out
And beyond
What layer then?
What then would make me think?

Four, the words of gentle men
Of gentle souls who’ve journeyed
Who once arrived chose to
Return
reflect
report
reveal
These books and sharings
Fill this sheen of hope
I sometimes gather ever
Tighter ‘round my very me
To see
To hope
To visit too
the vistas seen
and maybe more
As I embrace
My layer four
Still
What if
What if by chance
I could slip her grip
Slide through and out
And beyond
What layer then?
What then would make me think?

It’s quiet here
And still
No hunger here
nor thirst
No Mother here
nor father
No Teacher here
nor preacher, leecher,
reacher, speecher
No gentle tongue
There’s only me
No sheen
There is but me
And me alone
And I
and only I
The one now
Who makes me think
Or not as choose I might
And thinking not
I wonder of this
This stillness me
Tell me then
Is there anything beyond?

And thus:
In light
In light and joyous light
Nirvana answers:
Yes


::192::
Lara plain did not like Bertrand Fokke.
Not really struggling with his A Critical View of the Holy—she understood what she read just fine, to the point of surprising herself. She just didn’t like his tone, his vague cynicism, as when he said, “The Buddha left behind him a be-good path of not much use to the modern man.”
Harry was deeply immersed in Wendell Reese’s Ring and she didn’t want to disturb him, and then did anyway:
“Do I have to finish this?”
After a long moment, Harry, placing his finger on exactly where his eyes left the page, “Fokke, huh?”
“He’s a bit stuffy.”
“A bit?” said Harry, smiling now.
“Okay, very stuffy.”
“But he did good research.”
“He’s demeaning,” said Lara, not aware she even knew that word.
“Buddha’s four-by-eight path?”
“His be-good path. Looking down his nose. I don’t like him.”
“You don’t have to finish that book.”
“That’s a relief,” she said. “What’s left?”
Harry reached for the one remaining book: A stiffly unread, surprisingly thin paperback of Patanjali’s Yoga Aphorisms. “This is all about meditation,” he said, handing it to her. “How to do it.”
“This,” said Lara, “we can use. It tells you what to do?”
“I think so.”
“You haven’t read it?”
“It’s on my list.”
“What list?”
“Of books to read.”
“Ah, that list.”
:
Lara opened the book, and settled in to read.
Again, she surprised herself—or something surprised her, she wasn’t sure what, though she felt that faint knocking again—by understanding what she read, by seeing, clearly, what was said, or whispered by Patanjali.
It was the trees, she thought again, the trees helping me:
This is the beginning of instruction in yoga.
So began the ancient mystic—some four centuries before the birth of Kristus, in a land spiritually advanced far beyond any other of its time—sitting by his dwelling, or perhaps at a short distance from it, disciples gathered around, all ear. Perhaps the sun beat down upon them; perhaps they sat in shadow, wind rustling hovering oceans of leaves, hushing each other, he’s about to begin. Listen up.
The small hairs on her arms reacted in anticipation, standing to attention, truth about to emerge.
Yoga is the control of thought-waves in the mind.
Control.
The commentary that followed Patanjali’s terse statement—supplied by the translators: Swami Prabhavananda from Sanskrit into adequate English, she assumed, and Christopher Isherwood, the English author, in discussion with the Swami, polishing the text into a more perfect communication—pointed out that thought-waves are not the individual, or the true Self, although many take it to be so. Yoga, or meditation, has as its only purpose to control, and so still the though-waves that ripple the lake of the mind to a clear, unrippled surface, that you may see through the still, clear water to the foundation, the bottom of the lake, the foundation, the true Self, Atman.
Although she assumed the commentary was a collaboration, she felt it as if Isherwood was talking directly to her, his words making the sense that she received and absorbed.
Then man abides in his real nature.
When all thought-waves are stilled you reach, and dwell in, your real Self. This, Lara gently acknowledged to herself—gently, so as not to disturb the stillness which seemed to make understanding possible—this made sense: to dwell in your real Self, to actually be your real Self.
At other times, when he is not in the state of yoga, man remains identified with the thought-waves in the mind.
He thinks he is what he thinks, she thought. And then thought it again. Almost giggled at so many “thinks,” but the giggle was happy, and only embryonic. For she saw it, clearly. The thinker thinks he is his thoughts, not the thinker. He confuses the Self with the thought-waves he himself thinks into existence, sees no difference between them. But the true Self—the one so often spoken of with a capital S in the Upanishads—is one step removed from his thoughts, is not the product of his thoughts, not effect; he is the thinker, cause.
Then Patanjali, as if anticipating her question, goes on to say:
There are five kinds of thought-waves—some painful, others not painful.
Prabhavananda’s and Isherwood’s commentary, which she read as if nothing else now existed in the world—and for her, at that moment all else had indeed ceased to exist: no cabin, no Harry, no Vixer, no piney space, just her understanding receiving, absorbing, and comprehending the words on the page—went on to clarify what Patanjali meant by painful.
He meant something that, while not necessarily painful at first, ultimately leads to pain. As lust will lead to short-term pleasure but long-term pain.
The Storm at work. Yes. Yes.
By not painful he meant what at first might appear as pain but ultimately leads to what is not, in Patanjali’s dictionary, painful—as pity or sympathy may at first appear as pain to the tender heart, but as it ultimately leads to understanding and helping your fellow it over the course of time leads to greater freedom, and so is not painful. Quite the opposite.
These five kinds of thought-waves are: right knowledge, wrong knowledge, verbal delusion, sleep, and memory. 
And goes on to say:
The right kinds of knowledge are: direct perception, inference, and spiritual testimony.
Believe your eyes—provided you are not delusional.
Trust your reasoning—provided you reason correctly.
Quite an assumption, Lara thought, but she understood: there was correct reasoning, there was incorrect reasoning, and here, and now, about this, she knew: her reasoning about reason was correct. She could tell correct from incorrect.
Spiritual testimony, said Isherwood, if given by the truly enlightened, by a great spiritual teacher such as the Buddha, is the truest of all shared knowledge, and is right knowledge.
But truest of all, thought Lara, is the certainty of what you yourself perceive, of what you experience directly. That is ultimate knowledge. Of that she was convinced.
Direct perception.
Wrong knowledge is knowledge which is false and not based upon the true nature of its object.
Isherwood brings up the piece of rope which is mistaken for a snake, ending you up trying to hack the twine to death.
Bad observation, thought Lara. Unopened eyes. Afraid to look. Or refusal to listen without preconceived notions about what you hear.
Unwilling to perceive.
Verbal delusion arises when words to not correspond to reality.
Semantics, said Isherwood. Taking words at their surface meaning, not questioning what was really meant. Oh, there were plenty of examples she could think of: slogans, for example, they never meant quite what they said, or were understood to imply a lot more than what was actually said. Same with ad copy. They said what they could get away with, what would entice you to buy, what would pull internal marionette strings and make you desire to the point of parting with money.
Same for abstract political double-speak. Not really saying anything, and using a lot of impressive words to do just that.
Verbal delusion indeed.
Sleep is a wave of thought about nothingness.
That is to say, offered Isherwood: deep sleep is not the absence of thought-waves, but a thought-wave mimicking nothingness, not nothingness itself. True nothingness is wave-less, is indeed true zero.
It is this wave of thought, his commentary continues, that connects the thought-wave system comprising the person as he falls asleep with the person as he awakes, to ensure that the same person—the same thought-wave climate, does in fact awake.
Lara frowned, read it again, and frowned again. Read it again, and then made the connection: sleep-waves (which is how she thought of them) is that personal activity that keeps the individuality of a person awake—or alive; in place, so to speak—while asleep. Yes, she could see it, though she was not convinced it had bearing, or would help them ascend.
Memory is when perceived objects are not forgotten, but come back to consciousness.
A secondary thought-wave, kind of an echo, Isherwood said. The kind of thought-wave that also causes dreams, which they called remembering in your sleep. Yes, she could see that.
The thought-waves are controlled by means of practice and non-attachment.
And:
Practice is the repeated effort to follow the disciplines which give permanent control of the thought-waves of the mind.
And:
Practice becomes firmly grounded when it has been cultivated for a long time, uninterruptedly, with earnest devotion.
A little disconcerting, she thought. Especially in their circumstance. The two commentators were talking about perseverance over a long time, as in months, years, lifetimes. She and Harry had none of those. They needed to ascend now, sooner rather than later, and then visit with the Bristlecone.
Non-attachment is self-mastery; it is freedom from desire for what is seen or heard.
At first, she did not like the word non-attachment. She liked attachment to things that she liked. She was attached to Helen, for example, and to Susan and Brad. It implied a connection, an affinity. But once she understood their definition of non-attachment, it rang wonderfully true for her: the exercise of discrimination. Sufficient distance to actually discern. You get too close and the thing attaches itself to you, you lose perspective. As with desire.
What if you were you to ask yourself why you actually desired something; no, really, why do you actually?
If you did, Isherwood suggested, you will find that your desire is not really for the object itself at all, but is only a desire to desire something, just a restlessness in the mind, and that both the object and the desire itself are as transient and as superficial as today’s fashion—they are far removed from the underlying Reality, far from what truly is and will ever remain.
The Season, she thought, nothing but desire.
When, through knowledge of the Atman, one ceases to desire any manifestation of Nature, then that is the highest kind of non-attachment.
Non-attachment is not indifference—Isherwood repeated this several times, stressing the point. Non-attachment is gaining true distanced to see, and so seeing through the surface manifestations of nature surrounding, seeing the Atman, the true Self, in all things; it is to divorce yourself from the sense world and instead see—and so come to love—the lasting one beneath.
That is non-attachment, he said, and she saw that.
Truly.
Concentration upon a single object may reach four stages: examination, discrimination, joyful peace, and simple awareness of individuality.
And:
The other kind of concentration is that in which the consciousness contains no object—only subconscious impressions, which are like burnt seeds. It is attained by constantly checking the thought-waves through the practice of non-attachment.
She read these two paragraphs again, and then two more times.
“We have to stop thinking,” she said aloud.
She looked up, surprised to hear her own voice, perhaps not even sure it was her own voice. Harry too looked up, too, startled.
“About what?” he asked once her words registered.
“Period,” she said. “No thought-waves at all.”
“Easier said than done,” said Harry.
“Even so,” said Lara. “That’s what he says.”
“We have to stop thinking?”
“Precisely.”
“There is but me, and me alone, and I and only I the one now who makes me think—or not as choose I might,” said Harry.
“Say that again, slower.”
Harry did.
“Who said that?”
“Reese.”
“Could he ascend?” asked Lara.
“I believe he could,” said Harry.
Lara smiled across the intimate distance between where she sat, leaning against her wall, and where he sat, leaning again his. Each immersed in ways to ascend, up now, briefly for air. A strange recognition joined the subtle knocking, this Harry, smiling back now, a little embarrassed by the looks of him, not so used to smiling women perhaps.
“I believe he could,” echoed Lara, and then returned to her reading.


::193::
“We have to stop thinking,” she said. And so loudly that it startled Harry out of his reverie.
He was re-reading Layers, one slow layer at a time, and sensing the deeper truth in the poem to finally arrive not only at who does the thinking but passing through even that layer into sheer light. Wendell Reese was as much mystic as poet, he had truly seen, Harry was convinced of that.
“About what?” as he finally realized what she had said.
“Period,” she said. “No thought-waves at all.”
That, of course was easier said than done, and he said as much.
“Even so,” said Lara. “That’s what he says.”
“We have to stop thinking?”
“Precisely.”
And so the words came back to him, the penultimate stanza of Layers. He quickly looked for, and found them:
“There is but me, and me alone, and I and only I the one now who makes me think—or not as choose I might,” he read.
She took him in, eyes slowly widening. Then said, “Say that again, slower.”
Harry did.
“Who said that?”
“Reese.”
“Could he ascend?” said Lara.
“I believe he could,” said Harry.
Then she smiled at him, as if at a long lost friend, or at a lover, or a husband, or a comrade; a smile so familiar that something deep within him resonated with faint recognition.
He felt himself redden; he was not used to such intimacy—for this smile was intimacy itself. He was thinking about what to say when Lara spoke:
“I believe he could,” she said, then looked down and returned to her reading.


::194::
It took a definite effort for Lara to again pierce the words for their meaning. The recognition lingered and clamored for attention.
She looked up, as unobtrusively as she could—just a quick glance—at Harry, now returned to Reese in his lap. Who was he? And why this wonderful—yes, wonderful—sense of knowing him again.
She shook her head slowly, as if to quiet a question she knew had no immediate answer. Instead, she found the passage in Patanjali where she had left off, and read it again:
The other kind of concentration is that in which the consciousness contains no object—only subconscious impressions, which are like burnt seeds. It is attained by constantly checking the thought-waves through the practice of non-attachment.
And the next:
When such concentration is not accompanied by non-attachment, and ignorance therefore remains, the aspirant will reach the state of the disincarnate gods or become merged in the forces of nature.
Lara shook her head. Wow. Disincarnate gods?
Isherwood points out that for Patanjali both heaven and hell did indeed exist, but not as places outside the realm of senses, but right here within Prakriti—as the ancients put it: the very cosmos we live in.
If Karma had been earned, and if this is what you were truly after, you would be granted a stint somewhere celestially pleasant, you would indeed become a disincarnate god for a spell—but only until such good karma had run its course, after which time you returned to mortal life: which, according to Hindu belief, is the only gateway to transcending.
Conversely, if terrible karma dictated it, you would earn yourself a spell somewhere infernally painful.
Lara wasn’t so sure she agreed about that, but who was she to argue, this man knew more than most, that much was evident.
The concentration of the true spiritual aspirant is attained through faith, energy, recollectedness, absorption, and illumination.
Isherwood reports that in the Buddha’s view, if there is any sin, that sin is laziness. Lara nodded her agreement, completely.
And as for recollectedness, he points out that the word is used in its basic sense of collecting again—yes, re-collect, she saw that—what was scattered: thoughts all over the mental field. We collect them again and direct them toward a single goal: knowledge of the Atman, our true Self. Leading first to absorption, then illumination.
And ascension? wondered, Lara.
Success in yoga comes quickly to those who are intensely energetic.
Yes, that would follow.
Success varies according to the means adopted to obtain it—mild, medium, or intense.
Progress, Isherwood said, is retarded by our past karmas, our present fears and desires, and the relative strength of our energy. No one can predict how long illumination will take, it may be months, it may be years, it may be lifetimes. Years? Lifetimes? She and Harry did not have years, much less lifetimes.
Concentration may also be attained through devotion to Ishwara.
And:
Ishwara is a special kind of being, untouched by ignorance and the products of ignorance, not subject to karmas or samskaras or the result of action.
Samskaras, Isherwood told her, can be compared to tendencies, created by past behavior: ways we behave, things we chase, needs we must fill to feel complete. Ishwara has none of those.
God, thought Lara. Ishwara is a very cool God.
Ishwara, he goes on to say, according to Vedanta philosophy, is the supreme ruler of the universe—its creator, sustainer, and dissolver. Indeed, he is the Hindu trinity rolled into one: Brahma, the creator; Vishnu, the preserver; Shiva, the destroyer.
Brahman, the ultimate Reality, cannot really be seen to create, sustain, or dissolve anything, since Brahman, by definition, has no attributes.
Ishwara, then, is Brahman seen within Prakriti.
She read that again.
Yes, they were talking about God. Not the whitely robed old man up in the clouds that the sisters kept telling her kept a close eye on her—on her in particular, yes—but the ultimate cause: Brahman, manifested.
Indeed, Brahma—the one without the ending ‘n,’—Vishnu and Shiva rolled into one: creator, sustainer, dissolver—why all these different names? she wondered—still, Ishwara made more sense to her than the conventional nuns’ God, and made more sense to her than Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva. Ishwara was Brahman—with an ending ‘n’ this time—manifested in the physical sense-world of Prakriti. Made sense to her.
Very much so.
In Him, knowledge is infinite; in others it is only a germ.
And:
He was the teacher even of the earliest teachers, since He is not limited by time.
Another ripple, knocking, shifting: a clarity: of course, the creator would know, intimately and with certainty, that which he creates; and if he created everything—which Ishwara, so they say, did—then it naturally follows that he knows everything—not as data, but as certainties: true knowledge.
You cannot create something unknowingly, not really. Perhaps you can fool yourself into believing that, but no, not really. You know what you create, it is you, the thing you make, the thing you dream. And of course, you know it. It has to be the truest knowledge there is.
On one level Lara heard herself rush forward with certainty, seeing things clearly, on another she was a little stunned at herself. And disregarding her own views on herself, she kept rushing, and seeing.
And saw that if anyone was ever initially taught—that too followed—then he, or she, would have been taught by Ishwara, the creator of everything, including the teachable, both as subject and pupil.
Lara turned to the cover. Looked at the name Patanjali.
“How do you pronounce it?” she asked.
“Pronounce what?” after three heartbeats.
“Patanjali.”
“Patanjali,” said Harry.
“Patanjali,” said Lara.
“As far as I know.”
“Patanjali,” said Lara. “Patanjali.”
Then she resumed reading:
The word which expresses Him is OM
And:
This word must be repeated with meditation upon its meaning.
And:
Hence comes knowledge of the Atman and destruction of the obstacles to that knowledge.
Here Isherwood chose to quote the Rik Veda: “In the beginning was Brahman, with whom was the Word; and the Word was truly the supreme Brahman.”
That certainly rang a bell. The bell of St. John: “In the beginning was the Word. The Word was with God, and the Word was God.” The nuns had told her often enough.
The ripple that sprang through her this time was more pronounced, more precise: all religions, it said—almost shouted—are the same religion. For really, there cannot be many ultimate Truths, many ultimate Lights. Just the one. The religions were just so many windows upon the same light. So many windows, and so often at war.
She looked up at Harry, wanting to share this, but he was too immersed, to concentrated; she decided to leave him be.
But why the word OM? Isherwood (who, every time she thought of him recalled Ishwara, just faintly—odd that, perhaps the “ish”-sound) asked. Then he quotes Swami Vivekananda in his answer: “Because Ishwara is the basic fact of the Universe, he must be represented by the basic sound of the Universe. That sound is OM, or AUM as it should be pronounced.
“The first letter A is the most basic human sound of all, the only sound which is pronounced without the use of tongue or lips, by simply letting air flow from the internal Universe of lung to the external Universe of Ishwara.
“The second letter U rises from the seabed of A by a gathering of lip to then reach for and land on their closing of M.”
“AUM,” said Lara. “AUM.”
“OM,” said Harry, looking up.
“AUM,” said Lara, then shared Vivekananda’s take on the word.
“Wow,” said Harry.
“AUM,” said Lara.
Isherwood went on to tell her that OM was almost certainly the most ancient word for God that has come down to us through the ages, and since used by millions of worshipers—and always in the most universal sense, implying no special attribute, referring to no one special deity, simply the creator, the Word; and therefore, he said, OM is the most sacred word of all words.
“AUM,” she said again. Then read on to discover that it could be, actually should be used as a mantram—that was the word. Just like the Hail Marys the Sisters dished out as punishment at the drop of a hat, but also repeated themselves, endlessly. Like a safety blanket, she had always thought. But it would, the mantram, he maintained—either Isherwood or Prabhavananda, she was never entirely sure who spoke at which point, though she always thought of it as Isherwood—open the door to knowledge about the true Self.
Not all that convinced about that particular aspect, Lara did repeat it to herself several times. Just like Vivekananda described it, but silently. A soft vibration. A soft rising from the lungs to the fullness of everything. And several times more.
And several times more.
Echoes she could not deny.
And focus.
They were not lying.
AUM. A word strong enough to destroy the obstacles to true knowledge. Yes, she could see that. Then returned to Patanjali, who picked up the thread nicely:
Sickness, mental laziness, doubt, lack of enthusiasm, sloth, craving for sense pleasure, false perception, despair caused by failure to concentrate and unsteadiness in concentration: these distractions are the obstacles to knowledge.
AUM would battle those obstacles, that was the point. AUM.
She read on:
These distractions are accompanied by grief, despondency, trembling of the body and irregular breathing.
And:
They can be removed by the practice of concentration upon a single truth.
That meant single-mindedness, said Isherwood, stressing the importance of focus, of concentration. This Lara could certainly see, and agree with. For what she, and Harry, were doing was all done for a single purpose, which— with the help of the surrounding trees—she never lost sight of: ascension.
But to achieve this degree of concentration, Isherwood said, we must calm and purify our minds, which Patanjali turns to next.
So, she read on:
Undisturbed calmness of mind is attained by cultivating friendliness toward the happy, compassion for the unhappy, delight in the virtuous, and indifference toward the wicked.
Do not be envious of the happy, explained Isherwood.
That stopped Lara short. The image was of Helen and Larry and their kids, Lara had been invited, what was it? Thanksgiving? She didn’t remember, but someone was passing her the salt, and smiling, probably Larry, or it might even have been Susan, pleased to be of service, and Lara was struck, deeply and out of nowhere, but the sudden thirst for this, for this family happiness which she had never experienced, or had never really hoped to experience. And out of that, thirst grew its uglier cousin: envy, growing uglier still: jealousy.
She had fought it down well enough, even behind her own smile at Susan—yes, it had been Susan handing her the salt, Larry smiling at his daughter’s willingness, almost urgency, to please. And here, as true as anything, as if Isherwood or Patanjali himself had read this other book called Lara West, and had stumbled upon this scene and now saw fit to bring it to her attention.
She read on. We must learn to rejoice in the happiness of others, he went on to say, indeed take pleasure in it, although such happiness, strictly speaking, does not belong to us.
But that would make it ours, too, thought Lara, and smiled.
And you should feel sorry for the unhappy. Don’t believe—even if true, even if he has earned it—that it serves him right, that he has made that particular bed and must lie in it. This may be true, but such self-aggrandizing thoughts do nothing to calm the mind into focus, stirring up, as they do, that sickly mud of fake and pretended righteousness that does nothing but agitate, even though we ourselves may feel grander for them. Hard work, keeping up such sham facades, said Isherwood.
Compassion was the answer. Even though she certainly deserves to be abandoned by her boyfriend, you should commiserate, you should try to lessen her burden. And she knows, deep down she knows, that she has brought this on herself, and your sharing of this grief, this cruel fate, will offer her the peace to realize this for herself, and to mend her ways. This is not for you to spur or direct, however, it is only for you to feel compassion, to sympathize and to do what you can to lessen the hurt and provide shelter.
What a nice man, thought Lara. What a very nice man.
“Who is this Isherwood?” she wondered out loud, without even looking up.
“Christopher Isherwood?”
She looked at the cover. “Yes.”
“He’s an English writer. Well, was.”
“Have you read any of his books?”
“Some of his diaries.”
“He’s a very nice man,” said Lara.
“What on earth,” began Harry.
“He helped translate the Patanjali sayings,” said Lara.
Which seemed to strike a match somewhere within Harry. “Ah, yes. Of course. I’d forgotten.”
“He has a very nice way about him.”
“You can tell that from the book?”
Good question, and yes, she could tell that from the book, from the clear and unobtrusive way he said things. “Yes,” she said.
“Wow,” said Harry.
“Yes, I guess.”
“Is it making sense?” asked Harry, meaning the book in her lap.
She nodded. “A little too much. It’s almost frightening how much sense it makes.”
“Does it tell us,” began Harry.
“What to do?”
“Yes. Does it tell us what to do?”
“He’s getting there. Right now, it’s a little general, but he’s getting more and more specific. But I think, yes, he will tell us what to do.”
Then Harry looked at her for several seconds, smiling—at first a little shyly, then just sort of happily: “You’re amazing.”
“Thank you,” said Lara. “I’m starting to believe that, too.”


::195::
Raphael was pacing.
He rarely did, yet now: over to the windows, then back to his desk, back to the windows, to his desk—like something caged—as if motion alone could keep the accumulating weight of problem from crushing him.
Every spare person was on the search for Harry Oates and Lara West, and as the unsuccessful days crawled by, more and more Arrak personnel were deemed expendable in other areas and instead put on the massive hunt.
Sharid was now managing the effort personally, much to Gabriel’s resentment, Raphael could tell. Well, this was, after all, Gabriel’s domain. But the veteran was a veteran, and knew: results was all that counted, was the only job security there was, and so far Gabriel had looked very thin in that department.
And then there was Blackburn Small. He had been back, twice.
Not with half the force that Raphael had begun to expect, just on his own, just to remind him: he knew. Knew precisely who had set the fires. Knew it so well that arrests were imminent.
Any day now.
But he had no proof; he could not possibly have any proof.
Then over to the window, then back to his desk.
Sharid knocked. A distinctive rap, hitting the same spot on the door every time.
“Yes.”
And entered.
Raphael stopped pacing, sat down. Did not ask the question.
Sharid, too, sat down.
Raphael would venture his second in command had not slept for days. Although clean shaven, and recently showered—Raphael could detect, or smell, rather, the moisture in Sharid’s hair—there was no personal grooming remedy for blood-shot eyes, and for those grooves under them that darken with each hour of sleep sacrificed to the task at hand.
Sharid spoke. “Not a sign.”
“How is that even possible?”
“The are obviously not using their real names. And they are obviously using cash only.”
“Gabriel?”
“Fit to be tied.”
“Effective? Or pouting?”
That drew a smile from Sharid. “He’s nothing if not professional. Any pouting he does he does out of eyeshot, at least out of mine. No, he’s as efficient as ever. The only reason he’s not coming up with a trace is there is no trace to come up with.”
Then added, “I could hand this back to him.”
“No.”
“Fine.”


::196::
Gabriel was approaching big pine from the north.
He had flown up to Bishop that morning in one of Crescent Import’s private jets to personally oversee the search of the area. Now he was nearing the little town in a rented van. He liked vans. In case they’d find them. Vans were roomy, handy things for transport. Cargo.
Joost sat in the passenger seat, quiet, and as tired as Gabriel; but as alert.
Amin and Hyun Ki were in the other van, heading east out of Bishop, no doubt as alert, and as eager for result.
Klondike Lake was coming up on their left, clearly visible from the 395. Several consecutive years of drought had lowered the shoreline into something quite sad, but Gabriel didn’t notice, intent on the road ahead of him and the upcoming town.
His own men had searched Big Pine once; Sharid’s hired hands a second time. Not a trace of either of them. It wasn’t that Gabriel did not believe the reports, but that what wasn’t—but should have been—Swiss in Gabriel could not reconcile this with the logic that this should be the place—if any—where they’d be; if, as Sharid had told him, they were intent on visiting Bristlecone Pines; which, though it didn’t seem entirely rational to him, was what Sharid had said, twice.
Another thing Sharid had told him was that an old Bristlecone was running interference. That, however—as something cold tingled his spine—Gabriel could believe. He knew about the interference of trees first hand, much more than he’d told, or would ever tell, Sharid.
And if, as Sharid had pointed out on the map, the White Mountains, just a few miles to the east of Pig Pine, was the home of hundreds—if not thousands—of these old trees, then this place, this little hole in the ground coming up now, would be a logical place to stay, to set out from. Unless, of course, they were already up in the mountains, looking for old trees, unspotted by both his and Sharid’s men.
That could be, but Gabriel’s gut said no. They were not up in the hills, they were biding their time, doing something, and they were doing it here or somewhere very close to here.
Another thing his gut suspected: they had been lied to; they must have been lied to, these other visits. Two strangers don’t settle in a small town—Kristus, town was even a misnomer, village perhaps—like this unnoticed. Whether they used credit cards, correct names, or not.
For this was it: false trails, cold trails, this he could believe. Those were part of the job. False trails were discarded; cold trails were investigated and heated up. No, it was no trails, no trace whatever he had a problem with. Persons, when they move leave trails. There was no such thing as no trails.
“Eyes peeled,” he said to Joost.
The sign coming up said Big Pine — Population 1510.
“Eyes peeled,” said Joost.
Gabriel slowed to a crawl, turned right on County Road, then left on School Street, which seemed to serve as the western edge of the one-block wide place. There would be more on the other side of the 395, but boy, there was nowhere here to hide, was there.
They drove the length of the town, then turned left on Sepsey Street and back to, and right on, the 395 to Butcher lane, the southern end of town.
Left on Butcher to Newman then Piper then down to Bartell and back to the 395. North to County Road again, which turning into the 168 headed for the White Mountains—with big signs announcing the fact.
“That’s it,” said Gabriel. “The metropolis of Big Pine.”
“All ten minutes of it,” said Joost.
“How many hotels.”
“None.”
“Motels?”
“Four.”
“Right,” he said. That tallied.
“Could they be staying with the locals?” said Joost.
Interesting point. “Doubt it,” said Gabriel, but if it comes to that, we’ll do door-to-door.
“It may,” said Joost.
“Why do you say that?”
“They’ve already checked the motels, twice.”
“We haven’t checked the motels,” said Gabriel, pointedly.
“True.”
They turned a U on the 395 and slowly made their way down Big Pine main street, turned right on County Road heading for a cabin rental place with a flickering sign at the corner of School Street and County Road.
Vacancies, it flickered.


::197::
Mr. Isherwood went on to remind Lara that virtue has a tendency to irritate. Oh, she knew all about that: they were called nuns. Irritating nuns, so damn virtuous it could make you sick. Some playing at it, making her even sicker.
Except for Sister Barbara, always smiling, always lending a hand if she could, never a harsh word, and always, always—it seemed—praying, or mumbling that Hail Mary mantram of theirs.
For the first time since leaving Arcadia Blue she saw the Sister Barbara was not trying to show others up, had no intention to appear better than, that, truly, this was her nature: virtuous, and in retrospect Lara found delight in the recognition. She was, probably still is, a good woman.
As for those who try to hurt you, the wicked, Lara had an innate ability to ignore, or to be, as Patanjali put it: indifferent. She really could not care less what people thought of her, and if someone out and out tried to insult her, or otherwise harm her, she’d actually feel a little sorry for them—and not so little superior to them, if truth must out.
Patanjali was right, so very right, and Isherwood concurs when he quotes one of the first Hindu monastic vows: “The flies seek filth, the bees seek honey. I will shun the habit of the flies and follow that of the bees. I will refrain from finding faults in others and look only for the good which is in them.”
Amen.
The mind may also be calmed by the expulsion and retention of breath.
They’d need to learn how to breathe correctly. More about that later, said Isherwood.
Those forms of concentration which result in extraordinary perceptions encourage perseverance of the mind.
Here Isherwood mentions little tricks to prove the power of mind over matter, important for those doubting Thomases who might otherwise easily give up the true purpose of meditation. Like concentrating on the tip of your nose to turn on (is how Lara saw it, as if it were a switch) the smell of wonderful perfumes. Interesting, but they didn’t have time for that.
Besides, they could talk to trees, convincing enough.
Concentration may also be attained by fixing the mind upon the Inner Light, which is beyond sorrow.
The ancient yogis, Isherwood told her, believed that there was an actual center of spiritual consciousness, called the lotus of the heart, situated between the abdomen and the thorax, which could be revealed in deep meditation. They claimed that this center took the form of a lotus and that it shone with an inner light that was beyond sorrow since those who saw it were filled with an extraordinary sense of peace and joy.
And more to the point, according to the Kaivalya Upanishad: “Those who struggle and aspire may enter there. Retire into solitude. Seat yourself on a clean spot in an erect posture with the head and the neck in a straight line. Control all sense-organs. Bow down in devotion to your teacher. Then enter the lotus of the heart and meditate there on the presence of Brahman—the pure, the infinite, the blissful.”
Now, this they could use.
“Meditate on the Brahman as OM,” the Mundaka Upanishad added, “and you may easily cross the ocean of darkness.”
And ascend the Storm?
Yes, and more than that.
Or by meditating on the heart of an illumined soul, that is free from passion.
The Buddha, Kristus, or Ramakrishna. Concentrate upon the heart of the saintly, on purity itself.
Or by fixing the mind upon a dream experience, or the experience of deep sleep.
Where we are as close to the Atman as the average guy’s ever going to get. Lara parked that over there, in the probably-not-so-useful pile.
Or by fixing the mind upon any divine form or symbol that appeals to one as good.
This was all about calming the mind. Point was though, that the trees seemed to do a lot—if not all—of that work for them, for Lara had not felt so calm, so concentrated at any time before in her life, not even in the glade, where the sentinel seemed content to just sentinel as it were. Here, the guards seemed to make it there business to not only sentinel, but to keep all distractions, of whatever nature, at bay, to allow them both to focus. Probably by order of the Bristlecone.
Isherwood went on to elaborate, but this didn’t really apply.
Nevertheless, Lara took it in, and then moved on:
The mind of the yogi can concentrate upon any object of any size, from the atomic to the infinitely great.
A heads up: When you begin to practice meditation, you’ll stir up all kinds of thoughts, all sorts of distractions. Do not get discouraged; persevere through any and all disturbance. You must reach the state of self-mastery where you, like the yogi, can concentrate on the minutest and the hugest, effortlessly.
Good to know.
Just as the pure crystal takes color from the object which is nearest to it, so the mind, when it is cleared of thought-waves, achieves sameness or identity with the object of its concentration. This may either be a gross object, or the organ or perception, or the sense of ego. This achievement of sameness or identity with the object of concentration is known as samadhi.
To achieve any level of samadhi—and there are several—Isherwood pointed out that your wave of concentration must swallow up and unite and point all little thought-waves in the same direction, making one wave, one united focus of contemplation.
When the mind achieves identity with a gross object of concentration, mixed with awareness of name, quality and knowledge, this is called savitarka samadhi.
And:
When the mind achieves identity with a gross object of concentration, unmixed with awareness of name, quality and knowledge, so that the object alone remains, this is called nirvitarka samadhi.
Savitarka samadhi, says Isherwood, is achieving identity with the object along with our thought reactions to that object. Nirvitarka goes beyond our reactions to it to perceive the thing-in-itself, as Kant put it.
“Who was Kant?” Lara said, looking up at the same time, to meet Harry’s eyes, obviously already resting on her. “Were you looking at me?” she said.
“Guilty as charged,” said Harry.
“Why?”
“I’ve not observed such concentration, such beautiful concentration.”
“Well, it’s interesting.”
Harry didn’t answer that, but instead the original question. “Immanuel Kant,” he said. “German philosopher. A skeptic.”
Lara looked back to the book, and read, aloud: “Kant maintained that the thing-in-itself cannot be known by the senses or the reasoning mind. But Patanjali disagrees: there is a higher kind of knowledge, beyond sense perception, by which the thing-in-itself can be known.
“Kant believed that nothing could be truly known. But then, he did not believe in any higher awareness than the senses and the reason. He never acknowledged the spirit, the Atman, the Brahman.”
“A skeptic,” confirmed Lara.
“Indeed.”
“How is,” she looked down at the book in Harry lap, “Fokke coming along?”
“I am beginning to agree with you.”
“Too cynical?”
“Yes.”
“This,” said Lara, holding up Patanjali’s Aphorisms, “puts it all together. For me, anyway.”
“I’m looking forward to it.”
“I may be a while. I like to let it sink in.”
Harry put Fokke aside, and stood up. “Perhaps the library has a copy?”
“That’s a thought.”
“I need to stretch my legs anyway. Want to come?”
“No, I want to stick with this,” she said.
Harry nodded and smiled. “Of course.” Then, “Can I get you anything?”
“No, I’m fine.”
She watched as Harry opened the door to the cabin, told Vixer to stay, and gently pulled it closed after him. She could hear his footsteps on the soft ground for a couple of heartbeats, then there was only her and Vixer, who now looked up at her, wondering: a snack, or morsel perhaps?
This, unfortunately for Vixer, was lost on her, for she dove right back into the book in her lap. Found her place: Nirvitarka goes beyond our reactions to the object to perceive the thing-in-itself, as Kant put it. Ah, yes.
When the object of concentration is a subtle object, two kinds of samadhi, called savichara and nirvichara, may be distinguished in the same manner.
Same thing there, the samadhi upon a subtle object, a concept, mixed with awareness of name, quality and knowledge is called savichara. Samadhi upon a subtle object, a concept, unmixed with such awareness, simple and pure samadhi upon a concept is called nirvichara.
She could see the difference, quite clearly. And again surprised herself at her grasp; or rather, it occurred to her that it should have surprised her, but it did not, understanding flowing naturally now.
Behind all subtle objects is Prakriti, the primal cause.
“As the meditative mind turns inwards,” said Isherwood, “it pierces the gross outer coverings of things to their subtle essences; and beyond these subtle essences, it comes to Prakriti itself. But Prakriti is not the ultimate reality. Behind Prakriti is Brahman.”
Lara built herself an illustrating image: the gross thing, the physical thing, that chair, for example, to focus completely on it, while at the same time being aware of it as a chair by name (chair), quality (so high, so many legs), and knowledge (I know its uses, and I know that I know all this), this is, Patanjali says, savitarka samadhi. To focus deeper on the chair, beyond name, quality, and knowledge, to the—what was it Kant called it?—think-in-itself, he calls nirvitarka samadhi. Deeper still: to the concept of chair, the idea, the subtle object of chair, clearly focused along with awareness of name, quality, and knowledge: savichara samadhi; and beyond that, to the pure concept itself, without accompanying thoughts or awarenesses: nirvichara samadhi.
But all such samadhis remained within Prakriti, the stuff of the world and the mind. The best word she could think of: stuff, because that is what it was, stuff.
These kinds of samadhi are said to be “with seed.”
Samadhis within Prakriti are called with seed—and she could see why: As long as you dealt with Prakriti, you’re still dealing with the potential of desire and attachment; as long as there are things hanging around to desire and to attach to. Made sense. And Isherwood said as much.
In reaching nirvichara the mind becomes pure.
The pure focus on concept alone. Lara nodded to herself. She saw that, too.
In that samadhi, knowledge is said to be “filled with truth.”
For all you have is the essence of the concept, the very idea of it, nothing more: the truth about the subtle object, the whole truth and nothing but.
The knowledge which is gained from inference and the study of scriptures is knowledge of one kind. But the knowledge which is gained from samadhi is of a much higher order. It goes beyond inference and scriptures.
Well, of course. Inference—a word she found she knew, again surprising herself—implies reason, requires sensory input, computation, conclusion, all firmly rooted in Prakriti: thinking about stuff with stuff.
Samadhi, on the other hand, is direct experience, beyond senses, almost like being the thing experienced, Lara thought with that deep knocking making itself heard again, that unnatural, but so very natural stirring somewhere deep inside her.
Study the Bible all you want, she thought about her nuns, but how many of you have experienced God? Or the Truth? Or Brahman? Barbara, perhaps, she thought, perhaps she had—she looked too happy, too peaceful not to have had.
Why, she thought to herself then; why had she never heard of Patanjali before? Why had no one she knew—not that she knew legions of people—but why had none of them ever heard of him, or at least mentioned him; he should be on everybody’s lips, truths rolling off his tongue like this in one large revelation (to her) after the other. And to think that not even Harry had read this yet.
Thinking of whom, where was he? How long ago had he left? She really had no idea. She looked out the window; the sun was still high in the sky, early afternoon perhaps. Her wristwatch was in the bathroom; no, she didn’t really care, surely it hadn’t been that long. Surely, he was all right.
Vixer did seem to worry, not in the least, so why should she?
:
Harry—a much surprise and pleased Harry, as a matter of fact—stepped out of the library, the book (and a brand new library card) in hand. Didn’t really watch where he was going and was almost run over, a step or so on his way across the 395, by a cargo van speeding north, apparently more intent on where he was going than on crossing pedestrians.
Harry didn’t even have time to stop—just felt the rush of wind as the van’s right left corner passed him with no more than an inch to spare. He dropped the book, and his card—which, picked up by the wind, or the draft from the van, now set out up the street, rolling on edge almost like a small, blue wheel. Harry quickly picked up the book, none the worse for the fall apparently, and set out after the escapee card.
The cargo turned left and drove out of sight. It hadn’t even slowed down. The tires almost squealed.
He caught up with the card at the same time as the event truly caught up with him, and he felt a cold ripple bring sweat along his back. Suddenly faint he looked around for somewhere to sit down.
That had been far, far too close for comfort. Really. He could have been killed.
The library did have a bench, two actually—one each side of the ornate entrance—and Harry, on weak, somewhat unreal legs, made his way there and sat down.
Far, far too close for comfort.
:
The impression which is made upon the mind by that samadhi wipes out all other past impressions.
Lara read that again.
And nodded again.
Yes, of course it would. True, direct experience takes precedence. Of course it does. That’s what’s meant by knowing, she told herself. Knowing so well that past assumptions are overridden and rendered moot—not mute, she also told herself, moot. Experience—boss of reasoning—rules.
When the impression made by that samadhi is also wiped out, so that there are no more thought-waves at all in the mind, then one enters the samadhi which is called “seed-less.”
Here Isherwood informs her that this, the ultimate samadhi, is called nirvikalpa by the ancients. It is seed-less because it is nothing but pure consciousness, undifferentiated since you are indeed no longer yourself, you are literally one with Brahman. You have entered the real nature of the apparent universe and all its forms and creatures.
Ascension? she thought. No, no, so much more than that. So much more than that. Where on earth was Patanjali taking her?
The door opened and Harry stepped in. Vixer leaped up, anticipating—as always on Harry’s return—food.
Something was wrong.
“What’s the matter?” she asked. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“I was almost run over,” he said, holding up his hand and measuring out an inch between thumb and forefinger. “This close.”
She didn’t quite know what to say. “How? I mean, what happened?”
Harry told her.
“Oh, Kristus,” she said. The she noticed the book in his hand. “They had it?”
He, too, looked at the book—as if he hadn’t seen it before. “Oh, that’s right. Yes, they had it.”
“Well, good,” she said. “Good on not getting killed. Good in finding the book.”
“One way of putting it,” said Harry, color returning to his face as he finally managed a smile.


::198::
The owner was lying. Gabriel could never tell how, precisely, he knew these things, but knew them he did.
The little motel consisted of cabins, and sat one block off the main road, on School Street.
She had that annoying you’re-out-of-town-and-we-don’t-like-you thing about her—in spades, as Joost would say. And it was no business of his, none, who she may or may not be renting cabins to at this time. Did they want to rent one?
“No,” said Gabriel. “We were just hoping to find our friends here.”
“You’ve lost your friends?”
“Yes.”
“Some friends.”
“Yes. Some friends.”
He spotted the little key-rack on the wall. Eight hooks. Eight keys. None missing.
“Busy?” he asked.
“What business is that of yours?”
“Do you mind if we look around?”
“Yes.”
“Well, go ahead, stop us.” At which Joost snickered a little, and that got her attention for Joost’s snicker does not reek of good will. It’s as much a threat as the overtly spoken. The woman looked uncomfortable now, glancing back at the rack—as if to make sure. Make sure of what? crossed Gabriel’s mind. That keys occupied each hook, perhaps.
“Sorry, ma’am, no offence intended.”
“Do you want to rent a cabin or not?”
“No, we’re fine. Just looking for our friends.”
“I have seen no friends of yours,” she said.
Joost backed out of the cluttered office, and Gabriel followed.
“She’s lying,” said Gabriel.
“I counted eight keys,” said Joost. Eight hooks.
“So did I.”
“You think they’re here?”
“Perhaps.”
Gabriel turned toward the office, to catch the woman by the door, watching them.
“Let’s swing around and come at this from the back,” said Gabriel.
“My thought exactly.”
They turned left on School Street for half a block, left again on County Road and south on something pretending to be a road. It had no name.
Into trees.
A small rising on their left, all trees.
Gabriel parked the van by the side of the road and stepped out. Joost followed him into the grass and trees and up the hill.
Climbing a hill that to Gabriel seemed a little younger for every step. A path now, leading south, skirting the empty crest of the incline—hill was too strong a word. Gabriel had a strange sense of déjà vu but was unable to put his finger on it. It wasn’t the view that was familiar; it was the air, the ether, the feeling of, not of the place but of his looking.
The path circled the knoll to reveal the row of eight cabins the other side. No cars parked outside any of them. Joost and he quickly examined each: unoccupied. Each and every one. She had not lied, then.
They turned back for the van, and again, finding the path—though a little father to the left than he had remembered—they skirted the incline and soon reached the van.
“Nothing,” said Gabriel.
“Nothing,” confirmed Joost.
An nothing was repeated with the other three motels. Nothing.
Nothing.
A very disturbing, and completely illogical nothing.


::199::
Lara set out again.
Patanjali had finished telling her about the aims of meditation, he now embarked upon its practice—very much to the point, she thought.
“Lucky you brought this,” she said to Harry, himself already deep into the library copy of the aphorisms.
“Believe it or not, it was almost an afterthought.”
“You said you hadn’t read it.”
“That’s what I mean. I had no idea.”
“It’s as if the book new we needed it,” said Lara, not quite believing what she heard herself saying.
But Harry didn’t even flinch. “As if,” he confirmed. “Indeed.”
Then she read:
Austerity, study, and the dedication of the fruits of one’s work to God: these are the preliminary steps toward yoga.
True austerity, Isherwood tells her, in the Hindu understanding of the word, is not a process of fanatical self-punishment but of quiet and sane self-control.
Like this very moment, this very act of reading and understanding in the quiet embrace of trees, thought Lara. Check.
Study, he tells her, means the study of the scriptures—like the Bhagavad Gita, the Upanishads, the Dhammapada, she thought. Check.
Dedication is the performance of one’s task to the best of one’s ability for the benefit of all, not for self-aggrandizement or reward. To serve Life, is how Lara thought of it. God is the word Isherwood uses, but Lara isn’t quite ready to accept that word as her own, reeking as it still does of nuns. Life seems more appropriate. It’s the same thing anyway, just less baggage.
And then he says something that rings very true to her, so true she could hug the man: “Only we can know if we have done our best, and that knowledge is our only legitimate reward.” As if he had access to, and could read her heart.
She read on:
Thus we may cultivate the power of concentration and remove the obstacles to enlightenment which cause all our sufferings.
And:
These obstacles—the causes of man’s sufferings—are ignorance, egoism, attachment, aversion, and the desire to cling to life.
And:
Ignorance creates all other obstacles. They may exist either in a potential or a vestigial form, or they may have been temporarily overcome or fully developed.
Obstacles, Isherwood pointed out, are different from sins (though, he said, they’re first cousins, each with a different emphasis). A bad deed, in Kristianity, is an offence against God and may be—or according to the nuns, surely will—be punished by him; the consequence of the same bad deed for Patanjali is the resulting cloud of ignorance that arises as a result, and so obscures the Atman. A much more dire result than a heavenly slap on the wrist: an alienation from one’s true Self.
Far more dire, Lara agreed.
To regard the noneternal as eternal, the impure as pure, the painful as pleasant and the non-Atman as the Atman—this is ignorance.
And:
To identify consciousness with that which merely reflects consciousness—this is egoism.
Ignorance is false identification, a misunderstanding of one’s real nature. By mistaking your body for your true Self, you deny the Atman, not only within you but everywhere, as Brahman, misreading nature entirely.
And by mistaking the true consciousness of Atman as the reflected consciousness of the mind (which is at best a mirror, and a misty one at that), is—she had to laugh at this—egoism (Isherwood said). The love of individual self. The insistence that I am in fact me, myself, and that you are in fact you, and so different from me, and that’s the way it is and forever shall be. And this is what we cling to so desperately. And needlessly.
Brilliant.
Attachment is that which dwells on pleasure.
And:
Aversion is that which dwells on pain.
Obstacles both, said Isherwood. How can you see something clearly to which you are attached, or blindly love, or despise or hate?
How can you see the truth of what you desire, or what hurts you. If you saw it truly, it would not cause you pain, nor pleasure.
The desire to cling to life is inherent both in the ignorant and in the learned. This is because the mind retains impressions of the death experience from many previous incarnations.
The strongest obstacle of all: the desire to live; to live as that person, as that body-mind combination we call self—egoism, that is. We know death is waiting. Death is never a matter of if. Death is never—except perhaps for the truly saintly—an event to look forward to. Quite the reverse, there is probably nothing we have a stronger aversion—and by that token, reverse attachment—to.
There is probably nothing hard to let go of, but when we indeed are ready to do just that: to let go, we are closer than ever to the Atman.
When these obstacles have been reduced to a vestigial form, they can be destroyed by resolving the mind back into its primal cause.
And:
In their fully developed form, they can be overcome through meditation.
Isherwood points out that these two aphorisms are probably best viewed in reverse order: you overcome the fully developed form of the obstacle through meditation, and then, having reduced it into vestigial form, you then vanquish it altogether by resolving the mind back into pure Prakriti, its cause and primal form.
The mind, Lara had to remind herself, is not the Atman. The mind is still stuff, still within world of matter, even if it’s fine matter. Still stuff.
Now Patanjali turns to karma:
A man’s latent tendencies have been created by his past thoughts and actions. These tendencies will bear fruits, both in this life and in lives to come.
And:
So long as the cause exists, it will bear fruits—such a rebirth, a long or a short life, and the experiences of pleasure and pain.
And:
Experiences of pleasure and pain are the fruits of merit and demerit respectively.
And:
But the man of spiritual discrimination regards all these experiences as painful. For even the enjoyment of present pleasure is painful, since we already fear its loss. Past pleasure is painful because renewed cravings arise from the impressions it has left upon the mind. And how can any happiness be lasting if it depends only upon our moods? For these moods are constantly changing, as one or another of the ever-warring gunas seizes control of the mind.
The ever-warring gunas.
Lara looked up. “What do you know about gunas?”
Harry again placed his finger exactly where his eyes held the page, then looked up at Lara. “Gunas?”
“Yes.”
“Gunas,” said Harry, as if tasting the word.
“The Bhagavad Gita mentioned them, but I’m not sure I got it. Three, right?”
“Yes, three. As I understand it, guna is Sanskrit for quality. It’s what Prakriti is made up of. You know Prakriti, right?”
“I know Prakriti. It’ stuff.”
“It’s the what?”
“It’s stuff. Physical stuff, mental stuff. Stuff.”
Harry burst out laughing, and so suddenly that Vixer almost leaped into the air: what on earth, looking around in alarm, then seeing it was Harry, relaxing again, curled back up, and was soon aback asleep.
“Stuff?”
“Yeah. That’s what Prakriti is, isn’t it?”
“I have to be honest with you,” said Harry. “I’ve never heard it described better.”
“There you are then,” said Lara, a flicker of pride playing pleasantly on her face.
“Well, this stuff is made up of three qualities, and those qualities are called the three gunas. There’s sattwa, which is the idea itself, the essence of the form; there’s tamas, which is the obstacle to the creation of this form, this idea; and there is rajas, which is the power, or energy, we use to remove tamas as obstacle and bring the form about.”
“Who dreamed that up?”
“I don’t know. I think it goes back to the Vedas, or earlier. Sattwa, as I understand it, stands for what is pure, ideal, and tranquil; rajas is action, motion, and violence—energy; and tamas is solidity, immobile resistance, and intertie.”
“A little like spirit, energy, and matter?”
Harry didn’t answer, but looked at her for the longest time. Then, finally, said, “Where do you come up with this?”
“Well, it is, isn’t it?”
“Of course it is. It’s as if you know all this already, and know exactly how best to put it.”
“I wouldn’t go that far.”
“Stuff consists of spirit, energy, and matter. I would go that far. That’s brilliant, Lara.”
“If you say so.”
“I do.”
“So that’s what the gunas are?”
“You tell me.”
“Sattwa, rajas, and tamas. Idea, action, resistance.”
Harry nodded. “Yes.”
Then Lara re-read the aphorism, aloud this time:
But the man of spiritual discrimination regards all these experiences as painful. For even the enjoyment of present pleasure is painful, since we already fear its loss. Past pleasure is painful because renewed cravings arise from the impressions it has left upon the mind. And how can any happiness be lasting if it depends only upon our moods? For these moods are constantly changing, as one or another of the ever-warring gunas seizes control of the mind.
“These moods are constantly changing, as one or another of the ever-warring gunas seizes control of the mind.”
Harry said nothing, waiting for more.
“Ever-warring?” said Lara.
“They’re always in flux,” said Harry. “One of the three is always predominant.”
“The boss?”
“The boss. A little like the humors, though those were four.”
“What are the humors?”
“Back when, in medieval times, science and medicine of the day believed that a persons temperament and mood were determined by the humors, depending on which of the four was, well, boss. There was blood, yellow bile, black bile, or phlegm.”
“Krisuts.”
“Blood stood for courage, hope and love. Yellow bile for anger and bad temper. Black bile for despondency, sleepless, irritable. And phlegm for the calm and unemotional. So, depending on which humor was predominant, your mood and temper would reflect that.”
“Same as which guna rules.”
“Same principle.”
“I see.”
“And if you were too irritable, they’d try to drain you of black bile.”
“How?”
“By sticking a hole in you.”
“Bloodletting?”
“Same principle.”
“So how do you shift the gunas?”
“You transcend them.”
Lara remembered the Gita. “Yes,” she said. “You won’t let them bug you.”
“You ascend them.”
Lara fell silent. The ever-warring gunas. How much was truth, and how much was descriptive metaphor? Then asked precisely that of Harry.
“I don’t know,” he answered. “I think the way you put it, spirit, energy, and matter, sums them up nicely. Whichever is predominant in a person will determine his mood.”
“I can see that,” she said. And did. “Thanks, Harry.”
“You’re welcome.” Then he looked at her for another heartbeat or two, were they done?
They were. He returned to his reading and Lara to hers.
Isherwood picked up the thread: Karma, Patanjali points out, is not imaginary: it will bear fruit, you will reap precisely that which you sow. Natural law, pure and simple. Like gravity, only with more far-reaching repercussions. And, he, goes on to say, when viewed by the spirit, all experience within Prakriti—whether normally considered painful or pleasurable—is ultimately painful to the spirit for being a lie.
The pain which is yet to come can be avoided.
There are three types of karma: the karma already created and stored to bear fruit tomorrow, or in some future life; past karma, currently bearing fruit, affecting you today; and the karma currently weaved by thoughts and actions in the now to bear future fruit.
Of the three, the two karmas already in place we simply have to bear, but the karma being spun: the pain that is yet to come, can be controlled. Were we to cease to desire the fruits of our actions, and instead dedicated our efforts to God or Life itself, we will gradually unwind the wheel of karma and so avoid its eventual pain.
Lara had the sense of something stepping out from behind something, something very large: Without fully showing itself, it said, “Were we to cease to desire the fruits of our actions, we would cease to create time.”
Were we to cease to desire, cease to want to become—and be content simply to be—we would cease to put a future there in which to reap the fruits, in which to become.
The thought was like distant thunder, rolling beyond distant ranges, yet moving the earth. It meant more, much more than Lara could put her finger on, it meant everything. Then it slipped away, and only left these words in its wake, echoing: “We would cease to create time.”
First she made sure she was in fact breathing, and then another. Then she looked up again at Harry, but he was so immersed in Patanjali himself that she didn’t have the heart. Instead she leaned back against the wall: We would cease to create time.
Cease. To. Create. Time.
She tried to warp her wits around this, but it was too huge, to mammoth. As if the mountain itself was doing the thundering, not the vanishing clouds. A lie so huge it filled a universe, and she—that was the unnerving feeling—had stumbled upon it. Was she in any danger? She didn’t think so, but she was supposed to know this: again, that was the feeling.
She breathed some more, counted the intakes and expulsions of air, decided to reach twenty, and did.
Then, stilled now, she swallowed, took another look at Harry—still immersed—and read on, where Patanjali said:
This pain is caused by false identification of the experiencer with the object of experience. It may be avoided.
The experiencer, the Atman, would never experience pain were he to remain Atman. The experience—by sheer necessity—takes place in Prakriti, one large step removed from Atman. To experience anything, including pain, the Atman must cease to be, must forget, his true Self, and must falsely identify himself with Prakriti, with the senses and the sensed. No longer herself. No longer itself.
Ah, Patanjali was now bringing up gunas, as well:
The object of experience is composed of the three gunas—the principles of illumination (sattwa), activity (rajas) and inertia (tamas). From these, the whole universe has evolved, together with the instruments of knowledge—such as the mind, senses, etc.—and the objects perceived—such as the physical elements. The universe exists in order that the experiencer may experience it, and thus become liberated.
Stuff. And lots of it. But the universe is the clue, is the book we must read discriminately, page by page, to sift the true from the false, and so, in the end, step out of it as what we are and always were: the Atman, the Brahman, both, one. That is what Lara thought, or Isherwood said, or both.
Lara inserted the folded notebook paper she used as a bookmark to keep her place and found that she was still out of breath, or at least she felt out of breath, as if she had been steadily climbing something steep—which she had.
This led, this meditation led, she could see that now, farther than simple ascension, for ascension took place, of course, within Prakriti, within the world of senses and the sensed. Harry had seen himself from above; why, she had even seen herself from outside her body in the hospital: this was leaving the body, not as Atman, but as isolated spirit, as one viewpoint of the Atman.
What precisely was it the Bristlecone had asked them for, ascension or transcending? Either, as she recalled, as long as they were truly themselves. But truly themselves, there would be nothing to ascend from or to.
“The Father of Seasons exists,” said the Bristlecone.
Lara almost shrieked, she had not noticed his approach, or entry. Had he been there all the time? Is he always here?
Harry, too, jumped, startled out of reading and looking up, first at Lara then at Vixer, then at the light fading outside, then back at Lara, who spoke:
“Must we then not ascend too far?”
“What do you mean?” said Harry.
“Find the true self as viewpoint,” said the Bristlecone. “As a point of view in this, the universe space. Prakriti, as you call it. So that I may share and you may travel my memory.”
“Atman recognizes no space,” Lara heard herself say.
“I don’t know,” said the Bristlecone. “I am not familiar with Atman.”
“Our ancients,” began Lara, then groped for the right words.
“Teach Atman and Brahman,” Harry filled in. “The single aspect of life that is total, and life that is total.”
“Does this Atman see?”
“No,” said Lara. “The Atman is seeing, but does not see.”
“Ah,” said the Bristlecone. “Then you must not ascend too far.”
“I don’t think there’s any risk of that,” said Lara. “It can take lifetimes.”
“You don’t have lifetimes,” said the Bristlecone. “The agents of the Father of the Seasons are out in force. Scouring this and other places for you.”
“I feared as much,” said Harry.
“One of them nearly killed you today,” said the Bristlecone.
“That was Arrak?” said Harry.
“Those were the eyes and ears of the Father of the Seasons,” said the Bristlecone.
“Kristus,” said Harry.
“But how do we ensure we don’t ascend too far?” said Lara, still worrying about not overshooting the mark.
“Ascend to the final door,” said the old tree. “But do not enter.” And said no more.
“Is he still here?” asked Lara.
If he was, he didn’t let on.
“I don’t know,” said Harry. Then, “What made you ask?”
Lara hesitated before she answered. Why had she asked? “Were we to actually reach Patanjali’s goal, there wouldn’t be any we here to visit the Bristlecone,” she finally answered.
Harry gave her another wondering look—part admiration, part awe—but said nothing, as if wanting to but fresh out of words.
“Not that there’s any risk of that,” added Lara to reassure Harry, who’s gaze also held an ingredient of alarm.
“You really understand,” he said. “The ancients.”
“Isherwood explains it really well.”
“Yes,” said Harry, looking down at his own copy of the same text, then holding it up for Lara to see: he’s reading it too. “Yes, he does.”
“But Patanjali doesn’t talk about ascension,” said Lara. “He’s going all the way.”
“Which, we mustn’t do,” said Harry.
“As I said, I don’t think there’s any risk of that.”
“I’m not so sure about that,” said Harry, meaning Lara.
“Let’s finish and see how we can best do this,” she said.
Still, Harry could not take his eyes off her, still a little stunned it seemed. “You okay?” said Lara.
“Oh, yes, I’m fine. Just a little, well, impressed would be a good word.”
“It’s the trees,” she said. “They make it all read so clearly.”
This he understood, and could agree with. “Indeed,” he said.
Then neither said anything for long enough to signal it was time to return to their studies. After all, Arrak was on the move.
:
The gunas pass through four states—gross, subtle, primal and unevolved.
The gunas, yes, the three gunas; Lara flicked back to the previous page, how had Patanjali put it? Sattwa—the principle of illumination; rajas—that of activity; and tamas—the principle of inertia.
Spirit, energy, matter, she told herself; it felt more familiar, more her own.
From these, said Patanjali, the whole universe has evolved. Lara didn’t quite see that, but read on. 
Where Isherwood did his best to elucidate: Once every trillion trillion or so years the three gunas find perfect equilibrium and the universe ceases to exist in its physical form. It returns to potential. The gunas are not gone; they are simply so perfectly balanced that the universe cannot form. This the ancients called unevolved or single. Then, as the guna balance is disturbed, the universe begins to evolve, and we see the dawning of mahat, the cosmic ego-sense. The big I. Nothing more.
In this state the gunas are described as primal or indicated.
As the universe evolves further, the gunas enter into combinations which form the mind and the inner essences of things, and they are now described as subtle or undefined.
Lastly, once the universe is all here in its physical glory, the gunas are defined as gross, or defined.
Unevolved, primal, subtle, gross.
So they’re gross right now, she thought. Very defined. She rubbed the page softly between her thumb and index finger: tamas, very there, busy being a paper page, and quite stubborn about it, too.
She read on:
The Atman—the experiencer—is pure consciousness. It appears to take on the changing colors of the mind. In reality, it is unchangeable.
And:
The object of the experience exists only to serve the purpose of the Atman.
And:
Though the object of experience becomes unreal to him who has reached the state of liberation, it remains real to all other beings.
And:
The Atman—the experiencer—is identified with Prakriti—the object of experience—in order that the true nature of both Prakriti and Atman may be known.
And:
This identification is caused by ignorance.
And:
When ignorance has been destroyed, this identification ceases. Then bondage is at an end and the experiencer is independent and free.
Why on earth did we—or the Atman, or the Brahman—grow ignorant in the first place? she thought. Was it a choice?
And as if Isherwood had read her mind, he addressed her very concern:
“Rooted as we ourselves are in Maya, we cannot hope to understand Maya or to judge the justice or injustice of its bondage by our Prakriti-oriented ethical standards. We don’t have the ethical ground to correctly view Maya from. All we do know for certain, he goes on to say, is that the great saints who found liberation did not look back upon their struggles with bitterness or regret. They did not even regard maya with horror; rather, they saw it as a fascinating and amusing play.”
Amusing play?
She read the sentence again: yes, that’s what he said. Amusing play. Was Brahman bored, perhaps? Too much bliss?
She read on:
Ignorance is destroyed by awakening to knowledge of the Atman, until no trace of illusion remains.
And:
The experiencer gains this knowledge in seven stages, advancing toward the highest.
According to Isherwood, the seven stages by which perfect knowledge of the Atman is gained are:
Firstly—she could see him holding up a finger: one—the realization that the source of all spiritual wisdom lies within ourselves.
Check.
Secondly—two fingers—the cessation of pain.
The cessation of pain? A tall order. How are we supposed to do that? Isherwood didn’t say.
Thirdly, samadhi—complete union with Atman.
Fourthly, realizing that the objective universe is merely an appearance.
Five fingers now, splayed for an easy count: Next, realizing that the mind and the external world have served their purpose.
Next, all samskaras and all gunas fall away.
Samskaras? She consulted the index, then re-read the earlier entries. Yes, tendencies, those things at the very bottom of our character, what dictate our behavior. Samskaras. And they all, as well as the gunas fall away? Leaving what?
Leaving, Lastly—seven fingers now, and smiling—eternal union with Atman, the Brahman. And we rejoin the Brahman we realize that we never left, and that we have been alone throughout the universe, neither body nor mind was ever related, much less joined to us. All illusion.
Amusing play.
And that, Lara thought, would be through the final door. Way. In fact, the third, or fourth step, would be too ascended for their purposes.
She read on:
As soon as all impurities have been removed by the practice of spiritual disciplines—the “limbs” of yoga—one’s spiritual vision opens to the light-giving knowledge of the Atman.
Of course, says Isherwood, the removal of these impurities—the obstacles to fully knowing the Atman—is the sole purpose of spiritual disciplines, if not the sole purpose of life in this universe. This knowledge, he adds—as if just to make sure you’re tracking—does not have to be sought, it is already within us.
And now Patanjali gets down to the nuts and bolts of the thing:
The eight limbs of yoga are: the various forms of abstention from evildoing (yama), the various observances (niyamas), posture (asana), control of the prana (pranayama), withdrawal of the mind from sense objects (pratyahara), concentration (dharana), meditation (dhyana), and absorption in the Atman (samadhi).
And:
Yama is abstention from harming others, from falsehood, from theft, from incontinence, and from greed.
Isherwood expounds: We must think of ourselves as the servants of mankind, and be ready to put ourselves at the disposal of those who need us; and we must like Sri Ramakrishna said be so truthful that we “make the heart and the lips the same.”
We must not even think about theft, or covet anything, or anyone.
Continence—finally a reference to the Storm, and the chastity Patanjali refers to is Stormlessness in word, thought, and deed. A constant freedom from even the idea of sex both in and out of Season, that is purity of heart, for sex is inseparable from attachment and attachment is an obstacle to spiritual knowledge.
Abstention from greed would also include abstention from receiving gifts, at least gifts not given out of genuine affection, and thus received from the need or wish to possess, rather than love.
These forms of abstention are basic rules of conduct. They must be practiced without any reservations as to time, place, purpose, or caste rules.
No exceptions, no excuses, is what he says. Lara didn’t need Isherwood to tell her that.
The only thing is though, that when he says without any reservations as to time, which would include the Season, he gives no further advice or clues as to how, exactly, you’re to not even think of sex once the Storm arrives. That was the whole point of the glade, and of Harry’s ascensions, to get out of it, to not even think about sex during the Season. Simply saying don’t do it wasn’t very helpful. It was like saying don’t breathe. Lara was shaking her head.
But read on:
The niyamas (observances) are purity, contentment, mortification, study and devotion to God.
Purity, said Isherwood, is cleanliness, both physical and mental.
The physical would include the internal organs which should be kept pure through proper diet. The mental should also be kept pure through proper diet: proper reading, conversation—mental food both—and by never relaxing our exercise of discrimination—not an easy task, he points out. For gossip, meaningless entertainment, sensational journalism, popular fiction, television romancing all encourage us to drift into a relaxed reverie, neutral at first but soon colored by anxieties, addictions, and aversions to make the mind dark and impure.
Cleanliness of mind can only be maintained by constant alertness.
He winds up his commentary on this aphorism by suggesting that contentment means happy acceptance of one’s lot in life, untroubled by envy and restlessness.
To be free from thoughts that distract one from yoga, thoughts of an opposite kind must be cultivated.
To conquer our thoughts of anger, desire, and delusion we must raise and fire thoughts of love, generosity, and truth at them. Quell thoughts that distract with their opposites.
The obstacles to yoga—such as acts of violence and untruth—may be directly created or indirectly caused or approved; they may be motivated by greed, anger or self-interest; they may be small or moderate or great; but they never cease to result in pain and ignorance. One should overcome distracting thoughts by remembering this.
By which Lara, with Isherwood’s help, understood this: your awareness of karma will help you control both your tongue and your thoughts.
When a man becomes steadfast in his abstention from harming others, then all living creatures will cease to feel enmity in his absence.
When you have truly renounced violence in your thoughts and in all dealings with life, you will create an atmosphere around you where no enmity can exist, an atmosphere of true goodwill to all; and all—animals included—will feel this in your presence.
When a man becomes steadfast in his abstention from falsehood he gets the power of obtaining for himself and others the fruits of good deeds, without having to perform the deeds themselves.
Here Isherwood, or Patanjali, or both, took a giant leap, as far as Lara was concerned: A man, they seem to say, can be so truthful that he cannot, ever, tell a lie. In fact, if what he tells does not correspond to existing truth, his telling it will make it true. Facts obey him; everything he says becomes true.
Surely, Lara wondered, that could not be a prerequisite to ascension? She doubted that. Patanjali was talking here about someone so true that he was truth, and could not help but be truth.
So true that what he says is true, whether true or not before his saying. And now she saw it: again, Atman.
When a man becomes steadfast in his abstention from theft; all wealth comes to him.
When a man, Isherwood told her, becomes free from all covetousness he will no longer experience the lack of anything, as if he were the richest man on earth. Also, as you grown utterly indifferent to material benefits, it is as if those benefits take exception—feel offended—and come to you, begin to follow you around as it were. If you do not care at all for nature, she becomes your slave.
When a man becomes steadfast in his abstention from incontinence, he acquires spiritual energy.
The vital force of the Storm, said Isherwood, if not surrendered to, if abstained from, sublimates to spiritual energy. Harnessed.
Lara read that again, for it rang true to her. Memories of the glade in Seasons past filled her with the vitality she had always felt there. Never tired, never bored, always inquisitive and interested in the things around here—spiritually energetic would be a wonderful way of putting it.
How is it, how could it possibly be, she wondered—and not for the first time, that Patanjali, over two thousand years ago, knew this?
When a man becomes steadfast in his abstention from greed, he gains knowledge of his past, present and future existences.
True abstention from greed, said Isherwood, is true non-attachment. And true non-attachment means that you’re no longer clinging desperately to the slim self of your current life for fear of falling. If you let go, you will then be free to know whence you’ve climbed and for where you’re climbing. You will, says Patanjali, gain knowledge of the full course of your human journey, through all your past existences, through all future ones.
Lara could see the past, she could see that loosening your grip on your current life would allow you to view those prior ones; but she was not convinced that lives not yet lived would necessarily spring into view.
Still, she understood the implication: letting go, time loses its grip on you.
As the result of purity, there arises indifference toward the body and disgust for physical intercourse with others.
And:
Moreover, one achieves purification of the heart, cheerfulness of mind, the power of concentration, control of the passion and fitness for vision of the Atman.
Well, she thought, that stands to reason. As your mind becomes purified, and you lose your sense of identification with the body, you grow indifferent to it and begin to view it as merely an external garment; it follows that you would then no longer desire the bodies of others for you no longer identify the Atman within with the body it occupies. Sex would be meaningless, for why would two such outer coverings embrace?
Yes, it rang wholly true. And now, here, in this aphorism, Lara finally saw a first rung, a hold to use to ascend the storm: refusing to identify with the body, refusing—by being utterly truthful—to obey it’s apparent demands, you can and will ascend the Storm. But that took not only power of will, but knowledge, the kind of knowledge that in essence is certainty. Yes, this was true. And again she wondered at the Indian mystic who had seen this so clearly so long ago.
And who then goes on to say:
As the result of contentment, one gains supreme happiness.
Isherwood, Lara felt, struck the heart of another truth in his commentary. True happiness, he pointed out, is not the fleeting elation or ecstasy of satisfying a desire, for this happiness always carries the shadow of its own imminent passing. Like an opiate that elates but is always tainted by the darkness of its own short-livedness, the shadow we always attempt to ignore.
Contentment, on the other hand, untroubled by greed, envy, and restlessness, is lasting, and shines with the light of the Atman, the true happiness that we are; and by removing the barriers to Atman, the true joy and intense happiness that it is, is allowed to shine through.
That is why true contentment is so much more than the temporary quelling of desire or greed, it is our underlying happiness let shine through by removing these hindrances to it.
True, true: Lara rang with it.
As the result of mortification, impurities are removed. Then special powers come to the body and the sense organs.
Mortification, here, Isherwood is quick to point out, does not mean the whip of self-punishment and flagellation, it means self-discipline, and its true and sustained practice may reveal to us latent powers we may only have dreamed of.
Latent powers. Lara wasn’t convinced, though she saw the point on self-discipline.
As the result of study, one obtains the vision of that aspect of God which one has chosen to worship.
Here, Isherwood pointed out, Patanjali refers primarily to the use of a well-chosen (or given) mantram.
As the result of devotion to God, one achieves samadhi.
Here Patanjali refers to bhakti yoga, the path of loving devotion to God. No time for that; Lara could see that take years, lives. They needed to ascend now.
Posture (asana) is to be seated in a position which is firm but relaxed.
Okay, more nuts and bolts.
Asana means both the place where you sit, and how you sit.
Traditionally you should find a place, not too high, not too low, and clean; cover it with sacred grass, then with a deerskin, then lay a cloth over these.
For today, choose a clean spot on the ground or on the floor, cover it with a mat or a cloth.
As for posture: take up a position in which you can sit absolutely still and erect, holding the chest, neck, and head in a straight line; but without strain, so that you can forget the body altogether.
The erect posture is absolutely necessary, for when the mind becomes deeply absorbed, a spiritual current is felt to rise through the spine, and the passage for this current must be kept straight and open.
Posture becomes firm and relaxed through control of the natural tendencies of the body, and through meditation on the Infinite.
The aim is to achieve an effortless alertness, in which the body is perfectly steady and yet perfectly relaxed.
Thereafter one is no longer troubled by the dualities of sense experience.
That’s to say: heat and cold; pleasure and pain; good and evil.
However, Isherwood is quick to point out that ultimate freedom from the dualities comes not from posture alone, of course, but is only reached after full realization of Atman.
After mastering posture, one must practice control of the prana (pranayama) by stopping the motions of inhalation and exhalation.
And:
The breath may be stopped externally, or internally, or checked in mid-motion, and regulated according to place, time and a fixed number of moments, so that the stoppage is either protracted or brief.
Prana is the vital energy by which we live—by which we see, hear, speak, breathe; and is often associated with breath since this energy is renewed by breathing.
Controlled breathing, Isherwood warns, is not for the amateur, or for anyone not wholly devoted to finding God.
Fair enough.
The fourth kind of pranayama is the stoppage of breath which is caused by concentration upon external or internal objects.
The three operations of pranayama: check after exhalation, inhalation or mid-breath, are all deliberately controlled by the conscious will. The fourth operation of pranayama is involuntary and natural and will occur after you have gained complete control of the prana through exercises; or may occur after you have reached a certain stage of spiritual development without practicing pranayama. By either path, the breathing may cease of its own accord at any time while you are deeply absorbed in concentration.
As a result of this, the covering of the inner light is removed.
The covering is made up of ignorance, pranayama removes it.
The mind gains the power of concentration (dharana).
And:
When the mind is withdrawn from sense objects, the sense organs also withdraw themselves from their respective objects and thus are said to imitate the mind. This is known as pratyahara.
And:
Thence arises complete mastery over the senses.
The sense organs are like animals, said Isherwood, which instinctively imitate their master—or if he is weak, drag him along like strong, unruly dogs. But when the mind is strong and self-controlled, the sense organs become its orderly and obedient servants, and would not dream of bothering their owner.
And this mastery over the senses was what ascension called for. Focus, undisturbed by the external. She saw that. Cleanly.
:
That was the end of the second chapter, and speaking of sense organs, it was getting darker in the room. Lara put the book aside and looked up to see the light falling outside.
Although she had not that many pages, she felt as if she had been in Patanjali’s company for weeks; as if she had been sitting by his feet for a full Season—the quiet peace of the surrounding trees reminded her of her glade. Sentinels, well intended. Steadfast.
She looked over at Harry, too immersed in his copy of the Aphorisms to notice. She stood up, stretched, and turned for the door. A bit of fresh air. She looked over at Harry again, did he need anything? But she never asked, he still had not noticed her movements, and she did not want to disturb him. Quietly she opened the door and slipped out, Vixer just behind her, heading out for a sleep-break.


::200::
Harry felt as if he were drinking the book.
Cool water for a thirsty soul. Refreshing, uplifting. Illuminating.
True, he had never read it before, but now, in the wonderful stillness of tree, it seemed that he had, and several time at that.
By early evening he had already finished the first two chapters, which constituted the bulk of the book, and he felt he already knew what to do, how to ascend, without—as Lara, or was it the Bristlecone?, put it—stepping through that last door.
The end of chapter two had discussed the first five of the eight limbs of yoga:
Yama—the five abstentions: ahimsa, non-violence; satya, truth in word and though; asteya, non-covetousness; brahmacharya, continence; and aparigarha, non-possessiveness.
Niyama—the five observances: shaucha, cleanliness of body and mind; santosha, contentment; tapas, austerity; svadhyaya, study of the scriptures; and ishvarapranidhana, surrender to God.
Asana—body discipline, including posture.
Pranayama—control of prana, breath.
Pratyahara—withdrawal of senses.
So far the treatise—which is how Harry saw it—had read like a manual for living, Harry understanding and agreeing at every step. Granted, there was no time to put into practice yama and niyama, but starting with asana, this was how to do the meditation which would allow them to ascend.
Patanjali now embarked upon the last three: Dharana—concentration; Dhyana—meditation; and Samadhi—Oneness, and Harry again folded his mind open to receive further instruction from the master:
Concentration (dharana) is holding the mind within a center of spiritual consciousness in the body, or fixing it on some divine form, either within the body or outside it.
Isherwood—who surely was the main voice in the commentaries, although the original thoughts may not originate with him—was someone he had never read as an author, but whom he had come to love and respect as he absorbed the first two chapters with Isherwood’s help, and that of trees which made it so easy to focus.
Again Isherwood picked up his thread of supportive commentary, telling Harry that the centers of spiritual consciousness referred to the seven lotuses, and that in order to concentrate, you must first fix your mind upon the Inner Light within one of these lotuses; or you may concentrate upon the form of your Chosen Ideal, trying to visualize that form either within a lotus or outside your own body altogether.
Meditation (dhyana) is an unbroken flow of thought toward the object of concentration.
Meditation, then, is basically prolonged concentration. The process of meditation, Isherwood goes on to tell him, is often compared to the pouring of oil from one vessel to another, in a steady, unbroken stream.
When, in meditation, the true nature of the object shines forth, not distorted by the mind of the perceiver, that is absorption (samadhi).
Samadhi is, in fact, much more than perception: it is direct knowledge. The certainty of seeing, of knowing; not of having read or heard about. The only knowledge worth pursuing.
When these three—concentration, meditation and absorption—are brought to bear upon one subject, they are called samyama.
Samyama, Isherwood points out, is just a convenient term describing the threefold process by which the true nature of an object is known.
Through mastery of samyama comes the light of knowledge.
And:
It must be applied stage by stage.
Here Patanjali warns not to go too fast. Do no attempt meditation before you have mastered concentration. Don’t attempt to concentrate upon subtle objects until you have mastered concentration upon gross objects.
These three are more direct aids to experience that the five limbs previously described.
The first five limbs of yoga are only a form of training, a preparation for the last three, for samyama; smoothing and paving the way.
But even these are not direct aids to the seedless samadhi.
The practice of samyama leads you to the lower form of samadhi. The seedless samadhi (nirvikalpa), however, demands a further and even more focused—Isherwood uses the word intense—spiritual effort.
When the vision of the lower samadhi is suppressed by an act of conscious control, so that there are no longer any thoughts or visions in the mind, that is the achievement of control of the thought-waves of the mind.
And:
When this suppression of thought-waves becomes continuous, the mind’s flow is calm.
And:
When all mental distractions disappear and the mind becomes one-pointed, it enters the state called samadhi.
And:
The mind becomes one-pointed when similar thought-waves arise in succession without any gaps between them.
Here Isherwood relates that it has been said that if the mind can be made to flow uninterruptedly toward the same object for twelve seconds, this may be called concentration. If the mind can continue to in that concentration for twelve times twelve seconds, this may be called meditation. If the mind can continue that meditation for twelve times twelve times twelve seconds, this will be lower samadhi. If the lower samadhi can be maintained for twelve times twelve times twelve times twelve seconds, this will lead to nirvikalpa samadhi—total absorption.
Harry did the math, twelve times twelve seconds: two minutes and twenty-four seconds. Times twelve: twenty-eight minutes and forty-eight seconds. Times twelve: five hours, forty-five minutes, and thirty-six seconds. Oh, man.
In this state, it passes beyond the three kinds of changes which take place in subtle or gross matter, and in the organs: change of form, change of time and change of condition.
At this point Patanjali leaves the discipline of yoga per se, and launches into the catalog of occult byproducts to well-executed yoga, all of which, he is quick to point out—and stress—are a hindrance to liberation; in fact, he considers occult powers obtained through yoga as the biggest stumbling block in the path to truth because they constitute such temptations to exercise them for personal aggrandizement and power. Few, he says, can resist them.
Harry scanned the powers, and he could see their appeal: understanding of all sounds uttered by living beings; knowledge of past lives; knowledge of the nature of one’s mind; making one’s body invisible; making oneself unhearable; knowing the exact time of one’s death; extra-ordinary powers of friendliness and compassion; the strength of an elephant; clairvoyance; knowledge of the arrangement of spaces and stars in this universe; knowledge of the constitution of the body; ability to still hunger and thirst; absolute motionlessness; able to view celestial beings; walk on water; surround himself with light; levitation.
At the end of this impressive list of side-effects, Patanjali again warns:
By giving up these powers, the seed of evil is destroyed and liberation follows.
And:
Perfection is attained when the mind becomes as pure as the Atman itself.
And:
He who remains undistracted even when he is in possession of all the psychic powers, achieves, as the result of perfect discrimination, that samadhi which is called the “cloud of virtue.”
And:
Thence comes cessation of ignorance, the cause of suffering, and the freedom of karma.
And:
Then the whole universe, with all its objects of sense knowledge, becomes as nothing in comparison to that infinite knowledge which is free from all obstructions and impurities.
:
He closed the book at the very same time Lara closed her book.
At first he didn’t notice, but Lara did.
“You finished?”
“Yes.”
“How?”
“What do you mean?”
“It took me two days.”
Harry didn’t look for an answer, it was sitting right there. He picked it up, handed it to her: “It was like water for the thirsty,” he said.
“You drank the book.” Not quite a question.
“I drank the book,” Harry confirmed. “Honestly, Lara. I know I haven’t read it before, but it was as if I had. Entering it was like entering a stream, or a river, it carried me along.”
“It is an amazing book.”
“It is an amazing book.”
“What do you make of the powers?” Lara wanted to know.
“He’s just being truthful: these things happen. But also, as you saw, he made it very clear that, how did he put it?” Harry opened the book again, and read: “By giving up these powers, the seed of evil is destroyed and liberation follows.”
“Tempting though,” said Lara, more joke than not.
“I’d say.”
“Imagine the person who attains these powers, but does not pick them up and use them, and instead walks on.”
“To liberation,” said Harry.
“Yes.”
“That’d be a saint.”
“To say the least.”
Night had fallen outside. At their voices Vixer awoke, stretched the way only waking dogs seem to stretch, and then sat up expectantly. Harry took the hint and fed him. Lara looked out the window at the shadows of large sentinels, darker against dark, providers of peace and focus.
“So, how do we proceed?” she said.
“We ascend,” said Harry, not flippantly.
“It took some of these guys lifetimes,” said Lara.
“And we don’t have lifetimes,” said Harry. “We have days, at best.”
“Precisely.”
“But,” and he knew this to be vital, “we have the trees.”
“We have the trees,” agreed Lara.
“We meditate,” said Harry. “We focus on, well, ascension. On arising.”
“I like that word, arising.”
“And when we do, arise, if we do, we pay the Bristlecone a visit.”
“There’s no if allowed,” said Lara.
“When we do,” corrected Harry.
“When we do.”


::201::
Lara closed her eyes.
They had both had a good night’s sleep. A light breakfast—mainly fruit, and green tea. Vixer had also been fed and was now returned to his favorite pastime by the door: canine relaxation.
They had each folded their blankets several times into a softly firm meditation mat, perfect—Harry said—for the purpose.
And now she closed her eyes, and imagined rising. Tried to keep Patanjali’s lessons in mind, and those of the Dhammapada, and of the Gita, and imagine rising. She had crossed so much thought, so many things had been said to say something so simple: arising. That’s all. And holding that single thought—it was more like a concept or notion—before her, she set out to do.
Many little thoughts came scurrying.
Unbidden. Persistent: think me, think me, think me.
Imagine rising. Me rising. No, not my body rising, me rising, my body staying. Imagine rising, arising: among another flock of thoughts.


::202::
Harry closed his eyes.
Was he sitting right? Perfectly steady and yet perfectly relaxed, is how Isherwood had put it, or the Swami. Effortless alertness, they said; he’d made a strong mental note of that, underlined it twice. An effortless alertness in which the body is perfectly steady and yet perfectly relaxed. Spine, neck and head in a straight line, but without strain, so that one can forget about the body altogether. Effortless alertness.
Effortless alertness.
Easier said than done.
Yet, there, he straightened his spine, and shifted his legs just a little, there, it was almost like putting on a glove that fit nicely, slipping into place. This felt right.
Now, focus on arising.


::203::
Another thought took wing and came toward her. Wings flapping: think me, think me. Swooped her where she sat, disturbing the air with a trail of tiny vacuums. Still, Lara kept the notion firmly in mind, arising. Arising. Like a mantram now, not the thought but the action: a-ris-ing.
Envisioning.
Doing.
As yet another thought sought her out.
She wondered briefly why the trees did not keep these thoughts at bay for her, but then realized that wondering was simply another distraction. Also, the shadow of another notion crossed her mind: this was up to her, the trees could not arise her; they protected her from outside disturbances and threats, not from her own thoughts.
Then for a span—seconds? minutes?—no other thoughts. Just the notion, just the concept of her slowly rising.
The soft knocking deep within, behind her, below her did not quite catch her attention; it slipped past: a greeting.
Softly rising, softly shifting. Something shifting, and suddenly she was all about breathing: she mustn’t stop breathing.


::204::
A stray thought, then another. Harry ignored them. Found that ignoring them was easy to do, though the finding ignoring easy was harder to ignore. Or was that the ignoring that was hard to ignore?
Back to arising. Not the thing thought, he thought to himself, not even the picture of, but the concept, the movement of. Concentrate. The rising movement of. Hold it there for twelve seconds, yes, that’d be concentration, twelve times twelve, that’d be meditation.
No, he was not going to do the math again.
Relax, focus: arising.
He felt the piney shelter the trees provided, and then for a spell, perhaps a minute, there were no other thoughts, nothing but him—not even sitting or trying to be stably relaxed, just him—and with a shiver of recognition, it was almost as if, as if, yes, the shifting of bonds and notions that had to fall away to let the rising take place; and it was the recognition that called him back, that lost him the focus, but that—he almost laughed—that was close, and definitely down the right path. Or up.
So, relax again. Focus: arising.


::205::
Seven! There had been seven cabins.
Gabriel froze where he stood.
In Lone Pine now—and what was with these “Pine” names anyway?
They had searched Fish Springs, Aberdeen, and Independence on their thorough way down, on their wasted slow two days down here to this other pine town, if you could call it town. Well, not wasted perhaps, fruitless more like it. And with an increasingly agitated Sharid at the other end of the line taking the bad news worse and worse.
Nothing.
Then it came to him, a small explosion of insight: Seven!
It had felt wrong, just plain wrong. Impossible-to-put-a-finger-on wrong, but wrong nonetheless. The somehow younger-looking hill, the strange path that he could have sworn had shifted, if only a matter of feet. And now, recalling the scene and surveying it again, looking down at the row of cabins, picture clear as a bell—clear enough to count the number of cabins—he counted, and counted again: Seven!
“Fuck!” He didn’t swear often, but this surfaced naturally and with force.
“What?” Joost, not really alarmed, but curious.
“There were seven cabins up in Big Pine.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Seven cabins. Eight keys on the rack, right?”
“Right.”
“Seven cabins. There were only seven.”
“You sure?”
“Sure enough to want another look.”
On their way up Joost said: “You might be right at that.”
“What?”
“Seven. Now that you mention it, I count seven too.”
Gabriel shook his head. “I have no idea what’s going on here. No, let me re-phrase that: I have an idea what’s going on here.”
“You think the trees?” said Joost, thinking along the same lines.
“That’s precisely what I think. Somehow or other, the damned trees.”


::206::
She mustn’t stop breathing.
It happened again. Things shifting, the room suddenly turning very real around her, as if her eyes were open and extremely sensitive; no, more like her entire body turned into one sensitive eye; no, more like she outgrowing her body and feeling the room directly.
And as that notion—and it felt so true—took hold, next she had to breathe, or to tell herself not to forget to breathe. And taking large lungfuls of air just to make sure.
She didn’t get it. Would the body stop breathing if she arose, ascended? Was that what it was telling her?
Again, she focused on arising, forgot about her lungs, stillness returned and again, clearly, clearly the room grew, or she grew into the room and somewhere far below there again was the fledgling notion of breath, though this time she caught it before the notion could take to the air; she simply did not allow it to. And so, now, the room brilliantly real she looked down upon herself sitting on the folded up blanket, looking like she imagined Patanjali would have looked and she was, yes, ascended.
:
And there was Harry, and Vixer. Both with eyes closed, both—at least it looked like it—smiling. Vixer at dreams, Harry at just sitting.
Lara was not sure whether to say something to Harry, in the way that you say something to the Bristlecone, the only way of saying anything from her vantage point. She wanted to share the news, urgently to share the news: she had ascended. She made it. But would that disturb him? Break his own concentration? More than likely, she answered herself, and so decided to say nothing.
In fact, she was quite content just be here for a while, looking; for things looked freshly different now, as if the room she had seen before, with her body’s eyes, had been just a crudely made replica of this, the real room. For not only did she see, she felt, she was—yes, that’s the best way of putting it—she was the room, the door, Vixer—stirring now by the way, as if sensing her. The light outside, sun rising, casting brilliantly bright rays through the cracks in the curtains and onto the wall, fine motes glittering in and out of the beams.
Vixer shifted, then looked up, definitely sensing her, testing the air with his nostrils, looking over at her body, motionless not ten feet away from him. The surveying the air for signs. Alert now. Something going on here.
Then she said, in as Vixer way as she could: it’s only me, Vixer. Don’t worry.
Vixer did not reply, that was not in his makeup to manage, but he wagged his tail three times in an “all right then, thanks for letting me know,” and curled back into sleep.
Again, the impulse to tell Harry surfaced, and again she quelled it. There was nothing to gain him by that; if anything it would throw him off. So instead, she waited: was, enjoyed, and waited.


::207::
Sharid finally brought good news.
“Big Pine,” he said.
Raphael, gaunt and sunken from lack of sleep—and from the very real threat of being taken to task by the host at any moment, an accounting that had no hope of ending well—sat up at the news, and looked at Sharid for so long, his second in command repeated the news, just in case.
“Big Pine.”
“That’s where they are?”
“Yes, Raphael.”
“Who found them?”
“Gabriel.”
“He’s carried out his task?”
“Not yet.”
“Why not?”
“He’s flushing them out.”
“Out of where?”
“A rental cabin.”
“Why doesn’t he just,” Raphael was groping around for the right word, he mental faculties not up to par by some way, “collect them?”
“He can’t see them.”
This did not add up for Raphael. Probably would not have added up under normal circumstances wither, but starved for sleep, his thoughts were sluggish and turned this way or that only with effort, and slowly.
“But he knows where they are?”
Sharid explained as well as he could: The eighth cabin. There are eight cabins and they are renting the eighth. It’s supposed to be there, up a small hill, only it isn’t.
“How does he know they’re in that cabin.”
“He bribed the owner. She confirmed it.”
“Ah. Can she see it?”
“I didn’t ask.” Sharid looked uncomfortable.
Finally—his last meeting with the host supplying missing pieces: “Trees.”
“The old Bristlecone?”
“One way or the other, yes.”
“That’s exactly what Gabriel said.”
“What exactly did Gabriel say?”
“Trees were shielding them.”
“How does he know? What did he say exactly?”
“He said that the cabin is surrounded by trees and he knows, he said, that somehow the trees are protecting them, or shielding them, or hiding them, I don’t remember his exact word.
How did Gabriel know, or even suspect? That piece didn’t fit anywhere.
But it didn’t need to, not for now; he would find out later. What mattered was that the host had foreseen this. “Use fire,” he said. “Burn the trees and the cabin.”
“That’s what Gabriel suggested.”
“Well, good. That should flush them out.”
“Indeed.”
“And I want it on video, as evidence.”
“Of course.” Sharid rose. “Will bring this operation in soon. With success. We always do.”
“We had better,” said Raphael.


::208::
Gabriel took sharid’s go-ahead with a grim smile, then severed the cell connection.
“Fire it is,” he said to Joost, slipping his cell phone back into his pocket. “That should flush them out.”
“Or kill them.”
“Or kill them. Be sure to have the video ready. He wants it on tape.”
“Of course.”
Truth be told, Gabriel was not all that fond of gasoline as an incendiary— he much preferred acetone—but in a pinch, and this was a pinch. So, on their way up from Lone Pine they had stopped by a gas station and bought and filled three five-gallon spare tanks with gasoline, plenty for the job; though it left such obvious traces.
But so be it, that was not the primary concern right now. It was flushing them out, catching them, completing the mission he had set out to do days ago now.
On the outskirts of Big Pine they also stopped by a local market to pick up a small stack of rags. All set.
They found that little road that barely was one and pulled up behind the small incline that by Gabriel’s calculations—no, it was more than that, and more than a gut feeling, he knew, damn it—housed cabin number eight. And he knew that they were in there.
He stepped out to absorb the lay of the land, an eye for witnesses and other obstructions. He listened for engine noise, nearby movements, anything, but heard nothing but wind, and a truck lumbering down Main Street a few blocks away.
Joost joined him now, stripped rags in hand. “Enough?” he asked, holding them up.
“A few more,” said Gabriel.
Joost reached in for another rag, and began to rip it as well. Then he looked around, too. “You really think they can do that?”
“You know what happened in Pasadena.”
“But that wasn’t hiding a house.”
“Look, Joost, it was worse than that. They hid the entire world from each of us for several minutes.”
“True. Still, it seems so, well, hard to digest.”
“There’s a cabin right up there,” said Gabriel, and pointed. “I don’t know how they do it, but they’re hiding it from sight. But I have the feeling that whatever they’re doing they’ll cease doing once the fire takes.”
“I hope you’re right,” said Joost. And meant it.
“I am right,” said Gabriel. And meant it.
He took another look around, surveyed the top of trees for wind, and noticed something odd: “There’s no wind on the knoll.”
Joost followed his gaze. Then looked behind him at the many tall pines that were bending slightly toward the north-west obeying wind. Then back at the stillness of the knoll. “Odd,” he said.
“Very.” Then the thought struck Gabriel: “I don’t think we’re looking at the knoll now.”
“What do you mean?”
“I think we’re looking at the knoll from some yesterday. We’re looking at some tree-memory of the knoll, before the cabin was built.”
“A wind-less tree-memory,” said Joost catching on.
“This is what they did in Pasadena, too. Memory of some sort, although that went far back.”
“Way,” said Joost in his Americanized South African style.
“Let’s see what fire will do. Let’s concentrate down there, to let the wind take it to them.”
And so they soaked their supply of rags in gasoline and spread them out in a long string about fifty feet down from the start of the knoll rising. The rest of the tank they poured onto the ground on both sides of the rag-string.
“More?” said Joost.
“This should do it,” said Gabriel. Look at the wind. And look at the dryness of the brush. “This will do it.”
And reached for his lighter.


::209::
Harry held the image very still.
Pictured himself as the Buddha, or as Patanjali, in perfect repose, in true lotus position, rising, rising, rising. And in the image, the Buddha or Patanjali arose, ascended as nicely as you please, and looked down upon himself, and then over at Harry, wondering why he was still inside.
And then Harry knew that he’d lost his concentration again. He was not rising himself, he was rising his image; and rising, by the way, was not even a transitive verb, and grammar, by the way, had nothing to do with what he had to accomplish here and now.
Reboot.
He formed the notion again: rising. No image, just him. Rising.
And then there was commotion, somewhere above, outside, an urgency that may or may not involve him. He listened: the room was quiet. Outside he could hear wind, and birds chirping, exchanging bird views, or yelling, it almost sounded like. And other views were being exchanged, too, but just beyond earshot. And, though he could not make them out, he could sense the urgency in them.


::210::
Gabriel stooped down and lit the end of the gasoline-soaked strip, which sprung to greedy life, though happily sharing the racing flame with his neighbor, and he with his neighbor in turn, and again, and again.
“Nice,” said Joost.
Within minutes, a swath thirty or so feet wide was glowing with hunger, consuming the grass and brush, catching wind to start its advance up the little knoll.
Which suddenly shook, or shifted. And grew. And revealed number eight.
“I knew it,” cried Gabriel, nonetheless startled, if not stunned.


::211::
Harry listened.
As hard as he had ever listened, but for some reason he could not hear. Words were spoken; no not spoken, words were thought—not even words, concepts, notions were thought, passed back and forth; some about him, he was sure of it. And urgent ones at that, and yet, he could not make them out. As if he were underwater and the conversation took place up there, in the air above him.
In the air above him.
Again, he strained to hear, and again he failed.
He’d have to go there. This was not so much a thought as an action, or a though so undistinguishable from action as to not matter, for thinking it, he did: into the air above him.
And instantly tongues ceased to wag—that is how he later came to think of it; not that tongues were involved, or that wagging was taking place, but the instant silence that met his arrival reminded him of just that. He’d been talked about, and here he was all of a sudden: and as suddenly no longer talked about.
“About time,” said the Bristlecone.
Harry, too confused at first to register, then grew too elated to register.
“I’m ascended,” he said.
“And not a minute too soon,” said the Bristlecone.
Harry looked down upon his meditating body, and upon that of Lara’s.
“What about,” he began.
“I’m here,” she said, and so close as to be no distance away at all.
“You’ve ascended, too,” he said.
“Yes.”
“You have to leave now,” said the Bristlecone, “or you will not make it here.”
“Why, what is going on?” said Harry.
At that precise moment Vixer began to bark; on his feet now, addressing his two sitting, apparently sleeping, humans, the first trace of smoke—and it spelled danger—in his nostrils. Wake up, you two. Wake up.
Harry returned—with a sudden yank—to his head, as, apparently did Lara, for the next time she spoke, it was with mouth. “Fire,” she said. “They’ve set a fire.”
“Who?” said Harry in very moment that he knew exactly who.
“Arrak,” said Lara. “They’re setting fire to the trees.”
“Leave now for the White Mountains,” said the Bristlecone. “I will shield you.”
“He means now,” said Lara and roused herself, quickly gathering what few things she had brought.
Harry followed suit, though he stumbled from stiff knees and almost fell. Lara caught him, and gave him back his balance.
“My knees,” he said.
“Vixer comes?” said Lara, more a statement than a question.
“He comes.”
The next thing Harry felt was not a scream, it was the essence of a scream: the anguish of roots. For there is nothing trees fear more than fire, nothing they are as defenseless against. And now rising, first one, then a chorus of anguish as the flames, prey in sight, continued their steady climb up the knoll.
Lara must have heart it too for she suddenly looked shocked, despairing, stock-still with the attention of it.
“There’s nothing you can do,” said the Bristlecone.
She shook her head.
“Nothing?” said Harry.
“Nothing,” the old tree said again—finality to it.
Lara seemed to have lost her power of movement. “There has to be,” she said.
“Nothing,” said the Bristlecone for the third time.
Now Harry could smell the smoke as well, coming on strong. “You’ve got everything?” he said to Lara, who sprung to life again. Looked at Harry, as if placing him in some recollection, then recognizing him, then looked around, and then answered: “Yes.”
Then he heard footsteps.


::212::
Gabriel, all professional now, watched with satisfaction how the flames fed in the direction of the now visible cabin, though veering a little to the left before fickle gusts.
“Some gas over there,” he said to Joost, pointing over to his right. “We want the whole knoll in flames.”
“You got it,” said Joost and ran to comply.
This did the trick, the fire broadened to eastward and continued it’s more and more rapid climb for the trees and the cabin they had hid.
“Okay,” said Gabriel. “I’ll seal it.”
“Better hurry,” said Joost.
The rules were not written down anywhere, not that Gabriel knew anyway, but if you wanted to fry someone inside a building, don’t try to seal the exits before panic sets in, they’ll hear you.
If you time it rigth, and professionals always do, you wait until awareness hits and with it panic, for then the sounds you’ll make, no matter how carefully you work, is just more fuel to the panic.
Gabriel ran over to the van, picked up the instant sealant and rushed up the knoll from the northwestern side. He made it to the short end window in a matter of seconds, curtains were drawn. Quickly he applied the sealant all round the edges. It would harden in seconds and make it impossible to open the window. Then around to the door, same drill. Two more windows, and then lastly, the curtain-less one, looking out onto the upcoming fire. Gabriel applied the sealant to the bottom ledge and the two sides, still without being seen. No way to do the top of the window, however, without exposing himself, so he’d just have to skip it.
The dog inside was barking continually now, probably at him, or at the fire.
All done, and not a minute too soon, he saw and heard the handle rattle, and—again with professional satisfaction—saw that the sealant held just fine, this door would not open. Not from the inside, not from the outside, not at all.
He ran around the cottage again and down the northwestern slope to re-join Joost.
“All set?” Joost said.
“They’re going nowhere,” said Gabriel. “Get that video ready.”
“It’s ready.”


::213::
Footsteps, and another sound. By the window. Then footsteps again, and sounds by the bathroom window.
Lara heard it, too.
And Vixer, who began barking again.
“What is it?” she said.
Harry couldn’t say how he knew precisely, but did: “Arrak.”
“What are they doing?”
“Setting fire to the cabin,” he said. For that was what they were doing. Planting something or other around the cabin.
Out front now, by the door. The same odd sound, like something leaving a container. Harry actually thought of whipped cream.
“We have to leave,” said Lara.
“They’ll kill us.”
“We’ll die staying.”
“You have to leave,” said the Bristlecone. “But now there is no exit,” he added.
“What?”
“They’ve welded you shut.”
“What do you mean?” Harry could feel the unwelcome whiff of panic in nostrils, mixed with smoke. Then ran over to the door, yanked it toward him to open it, and nothing. As if frozen solid.
“How?” He almost screamed.
“I don’t know,” said the Bristlecone, but they did.
Harry could hear the fire now, among the anguish of trees.
“How do we get out?” said Lara.
“I think they’ve welded the windows, too,” said Harry. “I heard them.”
“How do we get out?” said Lara, needing an answer.
Harry would hard pressed to later describe where he got the notion, or the strength, but instead of answering he ran into the bathroom, unplugged the small refrigerator, ran into the front room with it and threw it through the main window, which exploded into a rain of fire-reflecting glass.
Quickly he ran back into the bathroom for the plunger, which he then used as the tool to remove as much of the ragged glass the remained in the frame.
Lara was ready, both their bags in hand.
Harry pulled up the bed to the window. “Okay, this is it. You first.”
“You think they’ll shoot at us?” said Lara, the obvious question.
“They won’t see you,” said the Bristlecone.
Which Vixer for some reason seem to have understood, for he was the first one through: upon the bed, through the window and over to the car, awed by the fire and no longer barking.
Harry helped Lara through. Her sweater caught the glass and tore, but she was through unhurt. Harry handed her the bags and then climbed through himself.
No gunshots. They both ran over to the car. The rising flames were clearly visible from there, gaining momentum.
Vixer leapt into the back seat; Harry and Lara into the front, and—bless his little car—it started right up. Harry baked up, turned right, and headed down the slope for the office and the street.
“Left,” said the Bristlecone once they reached School.
Harry complied.
“Right,” said the Bristlecone at County Road.
Harry complied.
“Straight across,” said the Bristlecone at the 395.
Harry complied.
“Stay the course until I tell you, you’ll be turning left,” said the Bristlecone.
“About how far?”
“Many heartbeats,” said the Bristlecone.
“Regular ones, or mine,” said Harry; an attempt at lightening the situation a little, for his heart was racing.
“I will tell you,” said the Bristlecone, the humor seemingly lost on him.
“I can still hear them,” said Lara, almost in tears.
Harry listened, and yes, behind them, like the glow of a distant fire, the glare of anguish and the hue of pain. “I can hear them, too,” said Harry.
“They gave their lives,” she said.
“Yes, they did,” said the Bristlecone.
“How much farther,” said Harry.
“Many heartbeats,” said the Bristlecone.


::214::
The explosion caught them both by surprise.
“What the hell was that?” Joost yelled over the flames.
Gabriel couldn’t make it out either, all he could see through the flames and smoke was that the front window of the cabin had shattered, something he had not predicted, this window—the only one large enough to provide an exit—was double-glazed and very sturdy, he had made a note of that when sealing it.
“Can you see them?” he yelled.
“No.”
Something now worked the edge of the window, though again, for the smoke and rising fire, Gabriel couldn’t make that out either. What he did grasp, however, was that they were escaping.
Joost had arrived at the same conclusion and asked, “Do we shoot?”
“Only as a last resort,” said Gabriel. “They want them to burn, and they want it on tape.”
“Got it,” said Joost, video still at the ready.
And then they both watched the window, cleared pretty well of glass now, but they saw nothing else. No movement inside, no one climbing through, no movement at all. Just smoke and flames, now licking the walls of the cabin.
“Where are they?” said Joost after a brief, fire-filled silence.
Then the flames, as if suddenly recognizing the cabin for what it was: food, slipped in through the broken window and found curtains, walls, ceilings, a feeding frenzy.
“Where the hell are they?” said Gabriel.
Then the roar of the flames took on a new dimension, as if an engine had just started.
As if an engine had just started.
And still no movements.
As if an engine was gunning a car down the far side of the knoll and away to safety.
“I don’t be-fucking-lieve it,” said Gabriel. “I don’t be-fucking-lieve it.”
“The trees?” said Joost.
“Of course the fucking trees.”
Joost backed off a bit, away from the rising heat, as well from the soon to explode Gabriel—as if he didn’t want to get Gabriel bits and pieces all over him.
“They’re headed for the White Mountains,” said Gabriel. “It’s now plan B.” Then he turned and ran for the van, reaching for his cell phone as he ran.
:
Plan B.
The four teams, skilled at arson all and already standing by, now fanned out to their predetermined positions.
Soon, the four fires had gained solid footing, and were now hungrily climbing the slopes of the White Mountains, devouring as they went, filling the air with smoke and ancient anguish.


::215::
Ordinarily, Blackburn Small would not have taken kindly to being disturbed about an out-of-County fire, but this was extraordinary: four simultaneous fires, each about a mile of the other, all east of Big Pine in the foothills of the White Mountains.
And a smaller fire in the town itself. Makes five.
“Where, precisely?”
A junior officer, still not sure he’d done the right thing bringing this to Blackburn’s attention, began to tell him.
“A map,” said Blackburn. “Show me on a map.”
Thirty seconds later the map was spread out on Blackburn’s desk. The junior officer was checking his notebook and the reported coordinates, and penciled in the locations on the map.
“Wind?”
“From the southwest. Twenty miles and hour, though the fires are already generating their own winds, thirty to forty miles an hour gusts.”
Blackburn frowned at the map. “Terrain?”
“Lots of forest. Lots of Bristlecone Pine. Old trees. Apparently the largest forest of these trees in the world.” Then added, “Dry.”
“It’s them,” said Blackburn. More to himself than his officer. “Get me a flight up there.”
When two seconds had passed and the officer had not yet left his office running: “Now, damn it. Get me up there. And you’re coming with me.”
That set the officer running.
Blackburn was going to get the evidence he needed. They were getting careless.
:
Blackburn Small’s reputation preceded him.
For as the Los Angeles Fire Department Cessna 400 touched down on a small airstrip just south of Big Pine the local fire guys had already found him, and fueled up, a Jeep Cherokee.
Blackburn, jackknifing himself out of the small plane, noticed—and not without satisfaction. “Thanks,” holding out a hand to the man greeting him.
“Anderson,” said the man and briefly shook the hand.
“Small,” said Blackburn, and then indicating his junior officer, two feet behind him, “Allard.”
Anderson nodded in Allard’s direction, then turned back to Blackburn. “You think it’s them? Arrak?”
“I’m pretty damned sure,” he said. “Although I can’t really figure out what they’re up to.”
“If we can’t check them, these fires may burn the entire White Mountains. It would be an absolute tragedy, a catastrophe.”
“Lot’s of people up there?”
“Some. We’re already rounding them up and shipping them out.”
“So, why? Why on earth?”
Anderson shook his head, “No idea.”
“Containment?” Blackburn asked, then—seeing Anderson wince at the bark—checked himself: he was not in command here, this was not his jurisdiction. He was a guest, really. “Sorry,” he said. “This is your show.”
“No containment at all,” said Anderson. “They’re more or less exploding up the slopes, we haven’t gotten anything in place yet.”
Blackburn didn’t answer. This really was none of his business, he was here for evidence, not for containment.
“I’m sorry,” he said again. “Your show.” Then, “Can I see one of the origins.”
“Sure,” Anderson said and turned to the Cherokee driver. “Take them to site one, ground zero.”
With that, Blackburn and Allard climbed into the Jeep. “Thanks, again,” said Blackburn. Anderson didn’t answer, but gave a brief, stern-faced wink, then turned for his own vehicle, his own tasks to attend to.


::216::
“Left here,” said the Bristlecone.
The road was marked White Mountain Road, and was not conducive to speeding. Harry, of course, was never conducive to speeding either, but now, with urgency filling the air like smoke, he wished he could pick it up a little. But the light was fading, and the road winding, and as they climbed winding even more.
“How far?” he asked.
“Far,” said the Bristlecone.
“Look,” said Lara, looking across Harry and out the driver side window. Harry slowed before taking the next steep turn and glanced to his left: a glow, several.
“Fire,” said Lara.
Harry wanted to take another look, but the view spun away from him as he veered right. Lara twisted in her seat and looked out her own window.
“Four,” she said. “I count four.”
“Fires?” Harry had a hard time grasping this.
“Fires,” said the Bristlecone.
Harry pulled to a stop just before the next bend in the road, he wanted to see for himself.
“There,” said Lara, pointing to the left-most glow, more a suggestion than a light, but surely. “There,” she said further to the right.” And the other two. He had to agree, four fires looking their way like something four-eyed and very sinister hugging the distance. He could make out the darker eyebrow of smoke for each.
“Do you think?” he said, not exactly sure what he thought.
“It must be,” said Lara.
“It is,” said the Bristlecone. “And you must make haste.”
With that, Harry set out again, turned sharply left and thought, again, how much farther.
“Far,” thought the Bristlecone in return.


::217::
“Inevar, in bristlecone clothing, left Harry and Lara to their task. He had not exaggerated. They had far to go. Far to drive, and then far to walk, for the road did not reach him, not by some miles.
Left them to their task as the first scream of anguish sprung from the first Bristlecone touched by fire.
And then another.
Whether by luck or by design the fires had been set very effectively, fanned by propitious winds and now fed by screaming Bristlecone. Inevar fanned himself out across the slowly rising mountainside and so perceived what froze his ancient heart: these fires—leaping already and now fanning their own winds—would reach the two humans before they would reach him; and then the fire would reach him.

Part VI — Calm


::218::
How can i describe the difference?
The one is black the other is white. Though that doesn’t paint the true picture.
It is as if a choir of enraged monkeys suddenly grew still, now seemingly contemplative and content.
The Calm—which is how I, and most people think of it even though it’s not the official word (I believe the official word is Serenima)—is the stillness after the Storm. If the world and all of its many people were a forest lake, then during the frenzy of Storm the surface foams and agitates and crashes in heaving waves in upon itself, without rest, no oasis for the weary. All is motion, all is turmoil. Even as a neutered, I find it hard to concentrate during the Season, the ache—yes, it’s an ache, I’ve told you that—the ache still rumbles below, churning my own internal waters.
Then, as the Storm withdraws and Calm again descends, the lake grows still, the surface free of even a ripple, stretching serenely from here to there, far to near, the reflective and refreshing span of calm.
At least, that’s how I see it.


::219::
The technical term for the sex-less eleven months (give or take) from April through February is the Serenima (from Latin Serenus, clear, fine, and calm + Animus, mind).
One speaks of the world again entering Serenima, a state which by its own independent and Latin-free definition means that the Season is over, the Storm is departed, while the world still scrambles about trying to connect dots again, and right the ship once more.
Some speak of True Serenima as not starting until all the cleanup and restoration efforts are complete and the ship is in fact on its right keel again, smoothly making her way forward through untroubled waters; but the original, and official, definition and meaning of the word is Storm-less: having left the mind clear again to see and think and (some say) live.
The world, then, as both Philosophy and Science sees it is split into two sharply divided slices: Storm and Serenima.
While the Storm has been intensely researched and studied for (virtually) ever, comparatively little attention has been paid to Serenima, at least until lately. Traditional research (Storm) has focused on finding its source so as to eventually perhaps control it; the new—or newish, at any rate—movement of Serenima research focuses on establishing precisely what Serenima consists of so as to strengthen it (and perhaps better face, or even control the Storm once Serenima ends).
As yet no major discoveries.
:
One can ask pretty much anybody on the street how he or she feels now that the Storm has departed and they will tell you that they’ve just exited a tunnel, a vortex, a turmoil (or similar word, comfortable in their vocabulary), and have now stepped out into the clear—if still calamitous—air; back into a life they had all but forgotten.
Forgotten, indeed. The Storm, it seems, is a very jealous master, it brooks no other masters aside from him, and this so thoroughly that memory and not long ago Serenima is all but obliterated once the Season arrives.
Many are pleasantly surprised at the world once the Season ends, as if discovering it, and its possibilities, all over.
Pleasantly surprised that little pleasures (still) exist: a perfectly buttered toast, a child’s hug, the wag of a dog’s tail; the chirp of a bird, the purr of a cat, these little sounds so thoroughly obliterated only a few days ago—if indeed they even existed then. Surely they did, but the falling tree in the forest applies, if no one hears it, does it make a sound?
The finer seeds germinate and sprout again; the mind again seems capable of distinctions, having again risen from the monomaniacal pursuit of the one thing, the only thing.
Conversations spring up again; spontaneously in stores and on the street, while waiting for a bus, or with your neighbor at a restaurant. Curiosity returns. Details come alive. Interest blossoms. Though, curiously, the one subject rarely, if ever, discussed is the Storm itself, which like a distant and disreputable relative seems best forgotten and/or ignored.
Some studies have been made to ascertain why the Storm, once departed, is rarely if ever discussed by the man (or woman) in the street. Yet, despite some considerable amount of money spent in that direction, all results boil down to the same one answer: “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Why?”
Reflection may follow, but always leads back to some variation of: “I just don’t want to talk about it.”
And so the published findings: people do not want to talk about the Storm. And they do not want to talk about why they do not want to talk about the Season, et cetera; much along the lines of researching gravity for years at some expense to eventually only produce its two-word finding:
“Things fall.”
Yes, we know things fall; and yes we know people do not want to talk about the Storm. Best forgotten. Best not even looked in the direction of. Why should we? Look at the way the wind plays with the leaves in that tree, see how the light shifts.
How the light shifts, indeed.
Thus: Serenima.

Part VII — Fire


::220::
Forest fires are worlds unto themselves.
It is, or should be, a well-known fact that to grow and spread a wildfire needs fuel and oxygen. Fuel, of course, is any organic matter it can lay its flames on. In any given forest, there’s plenty of that.
When it comes to oxygen, the fire initially has to make due with what’s available in the way of air and wind, normally the more the merrier.
But growth depends not only on large-scale winds but also on the balance between those winds and its heat output.
If the winds relative to an advancing fire line are weak, and the heat generated is particularly strong, a forest fire will soon scream its heat higher and higher and so create a ground-level vacuum to inhale enormous quantities of air—and so, oxygen—to feed itself. Soon it becomes its own weather system, and once this gains footing, the fire turns very hard to extinguish.
Fire fighters refer to this as a firestorm.
Technically speaking, a firestorm is the result of the stack effect as the heat of the original fire draws in more and more of the surrounding air. This draft can increase very rapidly if a low-level jet stream exists over or near the fire, or if an atmospheric temperature inversion cap is pierced by it. Then, as the updraft mushrooms, strong gusty winds develop around the fire, directed inward. This may seem to prevent the firestorm from spreading on the wind, but the tremendous turbulence created as a side-effect in this scenario causes the strong surface inflow winds to cast about and change direction erratically. In fact, this wind shear is capable of producing small tornado-like circulations called fire whirls that also like to dart around erratically, setting fire indiscriminately, and so quickly propagate to areas outside the original core.
And as the great draft of a firestorm draws in great quantities of oxygen that in turn significantly increases combustion—thereby also substantially increasing the production of heat—so, like some self-fulfilling prophesy, the fire virtually explodes in most any direction.
And to make matters worse, the intense heat of a firestorm manifests largely as radiated heat (infrared radiation) capable of igniting flammable material at a considerable distance ahead of the fire itself.
Besides the enormous ash cloud produced by a firestorm, under the right conditions, it can also induce condensation, forming a pyrocumulus cloud or “fire cloud” which in turn can produce lightning, setting off further fires.
In Australia, the prevalence of eucalyptus trees, which have oil in their leaves, results in forest fires noted for their extremely tall and intense flame front. Hence, the Australian bush fires appear more as a fire-storm than a simple forest fire.
It is worth noting that the Bristlecone Pine is rich in resin.
The firestorm is often completely unpredictable, and so a great danger to the fire fighter. A sudden firestorm can overtake and corner the weary fighter, and add him or her as fuel.
Now, if, on the other hand, the winds near the fire are relatively strong they—though literally fanning the flames—produce a more stable regime in which the fire is less likely to create its own circulation pattern. This makes the fire predictable and as a result more manageable.
Experts normally talk of three different classes of wild land fires: Surface fires, crown fires, and ground fires.
Surface fires run fast and are too greedy to do severe damage, they consume what’s readily within grasp, then rush on to the grass that seems greener over there. As such, it does not present serious damage to mature trees and root systems, though their trunks and exposed roots usually blacken from the encounter.
Crown fires—often a result of prolonged ground fires—have climbed the entire length of the tree and has now ignited the upper body—branches, leaves or pines—also causing embers and burning branches to fall and so spread the fire. Once a crown fire has gained hold, it can spread crown to crown at an incredible pace—especially during a firestorm, or if the wind conditions are right—through the top of the forest.
Ground fires—the most thorough destroyer of the three—are set on devouring all, destroying all vegetation and organic manner, including roots, leaving behind them nothing but bare earth.
:
The wood of a Bristlecone Pine is very dense, and very resinous—with a sharp nose you can smell the tar, even from a distance—and by these virtues resistant to invasion by insects, fungi, and other potential pests. Also, it prefers the cold, dry soils just below the tree line, where pests, as a rule, rarely visit—or if they do, rarely survive very long.
The mature Bristlecone Pine is not “all” alive as we understand it. Were you to see one, you might even think that the tree was dead, seeing as the majority of its trunk and branches are, in fact, no longer alive—as a rule only a narrow strip of living tissue connects the roots to a handful of living branches.
But the entire tree—both the living branches and that part of the tree no longer alive—is replete with resin, constituting perfect fire-food.
:
The White Mountains Fire of 2008 was peculiar in many respects.
Firstly, it was a firmly established arson fire—unusual in that arsonists rarely set remote wildfires: that’s usually the domain of lightning or careless hikers.
Secondly—by design or chance—the four fires that sparked the catastrophy were set so fortuitously apart that one fire, once hold was gained, soon rushed to meet its neighbor to merge into one broad, climbing, all-devouring front.
Thirdly, the strong winds that initially fanned the flames, died down once the fire took hold, leaving it up to the fire to create its own winds, which—since the conditions were dangerously right—they did, rushing the advancing front into the roar known as firestorm.
Fourthly, once it reached the lower Bristlecones, and their resin-rich supply of combustible fuel, the fire virtually exploded into twice its ferocity.
Some coined it the perfect firestorm.


::221::
They were driving through an ocean of pain.
Harry tried to shut it out, but failed; much as Lara seemed to fail beside him, for she looked horror-struck.
“Is it?” she began, but said no more.
“It must be,” he said.
They were not screams as such, and perhaps there was no pain, as he understood pain, but pain or no, the anguish was palpable and all-pervasive. Ancient lives were lost to the flames, sacrificing their centuries to red and yellow teeth.
And the fire—no longer four separate ones, but one broad, angry, and now audible front—was now racing up the slopes as if set on preventing them from reaching the old Bristlecone. It had already entered the main Bristlecone forest, and was no more than a mile away.
“How much farther?” thought Harry, hoping he was still being heard.
“Many turns,” said Inevar.
“How many?”
“Many.”
“The fire,” said Harry.
“I know,” said Invar, but nothing else.
Each turn up the mountain brought a short stretch of dirt road where Harry tried to accelerate away from the approaching threat, only to head for the next turn, and for the need to brake again.
A few turns later he could smell it—a hint at first, and then with the next breath as well, and with the next, telling him the fire was indeed set on killing the distance between them.


::222::
Lara closed her eyes.
After a while, eyes still closed, she said, “I can smell it. It threatens. It screams.”
“Me, too,” said Harry.
“As if it’s alive.”
When Harry didn’t answer, she opened her eyes again and turned her head, looked at him: determined features carved against the furious dawn of the still distant fire.
Then Harry said, “I don’t know.” But no more.
“You don’t know what?” She wasn’t sure she wanted to know.
Heading into the next turn, all of Harry’s attention returned to driving. “If we’re going to make it?” she said.
When again Harry didn’t answer, she knew.
For the next few turns, nothing was said. Between turns Harry was now going as fast as he dared, unsettling Vixer—who now sat up in the back seat to get a better view. He too was testing the air for warnings of approaching fire, looked out the back window and saw it as well. He looked back at Lara and she had the distinct impression that he wanted to say something, had something important to share, but Vixer was not a tree, and Lara had no idea she could possibly. So nothing was said, apart from the wish that something could be.
Instead, looking back out at the now yellow, now red, now brown, now orange band climbing for them, Vixer whimpered a little, then a soft bark—which, though muted, so startled Harry that he almost veered off the road.
He cast a quick glance in the rearview mirror, then turned, “What’s up, Vixer?”
Again, Lara had the distinct feeling that Vixer had something to say, just didn’t know how to say it. “Better lay down,” said Harry, “here’s the next turn.” And with that, he swerved to the right and Vixer tumbled to his left, whimpering a little again. A very unhappy dog. “Sorry,” said Harry.
Under different circumstances, the aroma that was now filling the little car would have been quite pleasant: a nice mix of scents: of pine, tar, warmth, and the comfort of hearth. Now, though, these same scents spoke of nothing but pursuit and impending death.
“How many more?” Lara heard Harry ask of the old Bristlecone.
Who did not reply.
Absent.


::223::
Inevar took in the fire.
Unable to escape his ancient body altogether, he could still extend in many directions, and now he extended upward—hovering beneath the gathering clouds—for the bird’s-eye view.
The fire was now one. What had begun as four separate cauldrons of threat had joined forces and merged into one certainty. And he saw the little car, still far down the slope, serpentining its way for him, too far away, too slowly. The fire rushing for them too eagerly.
It was a matter of not much time.


::224::
Weather is usually fickle.
And not a little conceited.
And not a little unpredictable.
Or how is it that a meteorologist can be correct less than half of the time and still be considered competent, a genius even? It’s because weather can show all the signs of going that away and still that away and still that away and then, just before arriving at that away change its mind and veer off for this away instead, leaving a lot of hemming and hawing among nonetheless forgiven forecasters, who—you would have thought—should have seen this coming. But with weather, there is sometimes very little seeing it coming.
Fickle.
Weather is also quite proud, for no one tells it what to do; and should you try, it does no good. Mind of its own. Not open to prayers.
And not a little curious.
Which is why, most of the time, anyway, it suddenly ups and changes direction for else away. Saw something, heard something, sensed something worth investigating.
And here was something worth investigating.
Word spread fast about the chorus of death on the California-Nevada border.
High and low pressure systems alike scrambled for a better view, and were soon stacking, one atop the other in a curious mix, above the rising fatality count among the very ancient. Earthbound fools. Probably served them right. Even from their altitude, they could sense the rising heat, greedy fingers reaching for them. Weather doesn’t like fire. Weather doesn’t like anything not their kin. And weather quickly grew to dislike this arrogant fire in particular.
Then someone not weather spoke weather. Someone who had no business knowing how to.


::225::
Millennia of quiet listening to their posturing and bickering had taught Inevar their tongue.
It was not so much a language as a saturation of sorts; of wind or rain or high-pressure air, or vacuum; of shifting and cloudy elbows: look at me.
And in this tongue he spoke loudly and clearly to whomever would listen. And asked for their help.
The reply, after a not a few moments of astonishment, was what he had expected.
“Why should we help you?”
“To save the Earth?” he answered.
“Why should we save the Earth?”
“To have something to weather.”
Which brought another weathery silence.
“What do you mean?” asked the coldest air of all, hovering at about forty thousand feet, riding many miles of curious and now silent clouds just below.
“What if the Earth were to destroy itself?” said Inevar.
“What of it? We would still reign.”
“Be not too sure about that.”
“Why not?”
“A scorched earth needs no atmosphere, in fact, would generate none. And without it, no weather. Just like the moon.”
“The moon has no weather?”
“The moon has no weather.”
After an additional silence, much mumbling ensued, finally interrupted by Inevar:
“This fire must cease.”
More mumbling. Then, after much more of the same, from the coldest air, “We will help.”


::226::
Harry dared not drive any faster for fear of swerving off the road, now growing narrower by the turn.
And then, two turns later: no more road.
He slowed, and then stopped the car. Looked over at Lara. “This is it.”
Vixer sat up again, sneezed: the smell of fire was that strong.
“Where to?” he asked of the old Bristlecone, who at first did not answer.
Stepping out of the car was to intensify the nearness of the onrushing flames by a severe factor. The outside air was warm, thick with pine and anguish. Acrid with smoke, the line of fire so close now that he could make out individual flames.
“Where to?” he asked again, and when still there was no answer, he stepped off the road and headed up the mountain. Lara immediately behind and Vixer trailing, as if unsure. Then not so unsure at all, as he leaped off the road and past them and ran on up ahead.
“Follow Vixer,” said Inevar. “And fast.”
“How long?” asked Lara.
“Long,” said the Bristlecone.
“We won’t make it,” said Harry. “The fire.”
“Follow Vixer,” said Inevar. “As fast as you can.”
Clearly, Vixer knew where they were going for he had now stopped and looked back at them: are you coming, or what?
The ground was not conducive to running, not with human legs anyway, at least not the ones attached to Harry; Lara did a little better, and soon grabbed Harry’s hand to stabilize him and help him pick up speed. Vixer, seeing they got the message, darted ahead again, looking back every few steps to make sure they kept moving.
:
The air grew from warm to hot, and Harry dared not look behind him. An open oven door came to mind, singing his back, or wishing to. Lara, for some reason he had no time to contemplate, seemed to know exactly where to put her feet, and he, for a similar reason, seemed to know exactly where not to. Several times he stumbled, and as many times Lara’s firm hand kept him standing, and running.
Finally, he turned around and saw that the fire had reached now the road, and was busy consuming his Prelude. How far had they come? How long did they have before the fire overtook them? If his lungs didn’t burn so much, and if oxygen suddenly didn’t seem in such short supply, he might have given that some thought, but instead he felt the tug of Lara’s hand, and took yet another running step, and then another, Vixer ever up ahead urging them on: faster, you guys.


::227::
There was no doubt in Blackburn Small’s mind. The smell, and the coloring of the rag fragments: acetone.
Meaning, first of all (as if he didn’t know): arson.
And meaning, second of all (as if he didn’t know): Arrak.
No doubt whatsoever.
But he collected enough samples to prove it, for knowing and proving can be two different things; then handed the evidence to Allard.
“What do you smell?” he asked.
Allard brought the fragments to his nose. Took a deep breath, then another. “Acetone, sir.”
“Damn right. Bag it.”
“Yes, sir.” Allard bagged and sealed the fragments.
:
Binoculars to his eyes, Blackburn surveyed the spread of the fire. “I’ve never seen anything like this,” he said.
“It is very fast,” said Allard.
“Yes,” said Blackburn. “How far would you say since we arrived? Five miles?”
“At least.”
“In less than an hour.”
“It’s amazing, sir.”
Amazing didn’t begin to describe this. Blackburn surveyed the breadth of the line, so hot in places as to seem white. “It likes what it finds,” he said.
“What do you mean, sir?” said Allard.
“The fire, it likes those trees.”
“The Bristlecone?”
“Yes.”
Allard said nothing, but viewing the fire through his own binoculars, nodded, yes, it is very happy with the Bristlecone.
Blackburn removed the binoculars, slowly shook his head. As of yet there was no countermeasures evident. Fighters were gathering, he knew that. And choppers and water-dropping planes were made ready, but still, nothing in the air to at least attempt to disturb the progress of the flames.
“It’s going to scorch the whole damn mountain,” he said. “What the hell is Arrak after?”
He didn’t really mean that as a question, and Allard, quite attuned to his boss, took the question to be rhetorical and said nothing. Blackburn was still shaking his head: no, he had never seen anything like it.


::228::
Gabriel shook his head and smiled.
He had never seen anything like it. It was a pearl to end all pearls. Man, would you look at that. You just cannot plan perfection this perfect. He’d just set the whole damn mountain alight with four well-placed ignitions.
Would you just look at that.
And if this didn’t solve their problem, nothing would.
Of course, there would be no close-up video of Oates and the woman in flames, but considering, that was a small price to pay; the important thing was that they were in fact burned, and stopped, those were his overriding orders. And stopped they were, for nothing up there would survive this fire.
The whole mountain was going to burn.


::229::
Lara was exhausted, but refused to admit it.
She still clung to Harry’s hand, and still battled to keep Vixer in sight. Vixer, who had definitely been given directions.
“He knows,” she said.
Harry, out of breath as well and worse off than she was by the looks of it, looked at her: had she said something?
“He knows,” she repeated.
“Who knows?” with effort, and a little annoyance perhaps.
“Vixer. He knows where to go.”
Harry held up, let go of her hand, caught his breath, considered that. Took another couple of lungfuls of air. “Yes,” finally. “Yes, he certainly seems to.”
And as if on cue, a bark from Vixer’s direction. A what’s-up bark, let’s get a move on.
“You okay?” said Lara.
“No,” said Harry. “No, I’m not. I’m not in as good a shape as you.”
“We can’t stop,” she said, just as a gust of very hot air reached them, a herald of disaster to underscore her statement. She reached for his hand, which he offered her—more in resignation than anything else, it seemed. And off they went, Lara running again, Harry forced to keep up.
Vixer waiting up ahead for the laggards.


::230::
The fire could not believe its luck.
If there were any such thing as nutritious fire-candy, Bristlecone Pines were it. And not only that, the initial winds had allowed the four individual colonies of flame to reach out for each other and merge into this one broad, joyous, mountain-climbing incineration. This was indeed living.
As fire, it could not be happier.


::231::
The host was wide awake.
And sensing victory. Sensing danger averted. Sensing racing flames reaching for the two fugitives still hidden by the ancient one, but surely in harms way, surely in the path of the escalating fire. Surely, this twin threat to the integrity of his prison would soon be overtaken, consumed, and charcoaled.
His minions had done his bidding, and had done it well. Soon this ordeal would be over and he could return to well-deserved rest, and dream of the Season just ended, and of the Season not so far away, when once again the pleasant shudder of Storm would fill him.


::232::
The coldest air knew how to wind. Knew how to seek the lowest pressure and fill it. He also knew how to command.
The moon had no atmosphere. This was unwelcome news. This must not happen here. A weather-less Earth must not happen. The tree knew how to prevent it.
Clear a path, that is what the old tree—who could speak their tongue, something to contemplate, but later, not now—that is what the old tree had said. Find the two humans, led by a dog; find them and clear a path from there to here: here being where the tree stood, perched atop the top of the mountain, a step or two from its eastern precipice.
He would need the cooperation of the not so bright rain-pregnant clouds—slow to react in the best of circumstances—and of the recalcitrant lower pressure, always contrary.
But they had both heard the tree, and from what the coldest air could ascertain, understood—and better yet, believed—him.
Like an unseen comet, the coldest air descended from his perch on the rim of atmosphere and swept the mountainside. Once, twice, before he spotted them, running, pursued by fire. And there, up ahead, anxious, barking now, the dog who knew the way to the old tree.
“You,” said the coldest air to the lowest pressure. “You clear a path from the running humans to the tree.”
When the lowest pressure did nothing of the sort, the coldest air raised his voice to near thunder: “Now.”
The lowest pressure, secretly afraid of the coldest air, rushed to comply: fell fast in a broad band—perhaps a hundred feet wide—and laid itself in a clear path from the still running humans to the tree.
The moment that path began to shape, the coldest air filled the rain-pregnant clouds and flew them down to where the humans, struggling now, and not a little fearful of the impending flames, made their way up the mountain, suddenly found themselves surrounded by snow.
The coldest air had calculated everything just right. The heat of the fire, the humidity and density of the clouds, the pressure of the path, and the frost of his own breath combined into a near wall of large, cold flakes draping everything in icy white, frosting the flames and keeping them at bay.


::233::
Inevar saw the weather descend and lay its icy path for Harry and Lara. And for the suddenly very excited Vixer, snapping at the largest flakes as the sped by.
“Follow the white,” he said.
“How?” said Harry.
“Keep the wind in you back, follow the white,” Inevar repeated.


::234::
Lara stumbled and almost fell, she was that tired.
It was as if she ran for the two of them, Harry being more tired still.
The fire was now close enough to scorch their backs, Lara was sure that her clothing must be smoldering, and her back stung from the heat. She was also very thirsty. Tired and thirsty, and nearly—but not actually, only nearly—resigned to soon being overtaken by the fire. For, really, why were they even running? There was no sign of Vixer just now, he was so far ahead, and before they got to where Vixer was not, the fire would have reached—and devoured—them. But this was a thought that she could not, must not, dared not think. And that is why she found more strength, and then some more, and still gripping Harry’s hand, kept running, stumbling, staggering, running again.
When in an instant everything changed.
:
All things went quiet. Perhaps not actually, but that was the sensation. Quiet coming up from behind her and past her and forward toward the now again appearing—and very concerned—Vixer. Then, before this had even had a chance to settle, the coldest wind she had ever felt rushed in with snow. Yes, snow. She could not believe here eyes, or back—frosting now instead of burning—or shoulders or arms suddenly covered with the melting chill of icy flakes.
The wind picked up some more, grew colder still it felt, and brought more snow. She stopped in wonder, same as Harry.
“What?” she began.
Harry looked as bewildered as she felt.
“Follow the white,” said the old Bristlecone.
“How?” was all that Harry or she—she wasn’t sure who had spoken—managed to say.
“Keep the wind in you back, follow the white,” the tree repeated.
Suddenly refreshed by cold and renewed, yes, hope—for the fire was hesitating now, she could tell—Lara increased her grip on Harry’s hand and set out again, an also rejuvenated Harry in tow.
Vixer seemed to have abandoned his mission and was chasing and snapping at flakes as they reached him, still running, chased now by the hissing of melting ice as the fire, furious at being thwarted regrouped, and assaulted the white path from behind.
Follow the white, keep the wind in your back, she thought, and did.
“How much farther?” she heard Harry ask of the old Bristlecone.
“Far,” came the unwelcome reply.
But the air was fresh, the balm of flakes sustained her—and Harry, too—and they kept running, with and into the blizzard, away from the slowed, though not halted fire.


::235::
“How?” was all that Harry managed to say.
“Keep the wind in you back, follow the white,” the tree repeated.
What was occurring should not, could not be, of course; but was. Smack in the middle of Harry’s conviction that his time left on Earth was measured in minutes, seconds. His back stinging with heat and most likely dropping embers, his lungs ached with smoke and lack of oxygen, his legs ached from fatigue, and his mind ached from despair. Minutes at best, most likely seconds.
Then the shift, then the wind, the ice, the snow, the voice: “Follow the white.”
He recognized the voice, the old tree, but didn’t understand. Neither what was said nor what was happening.
“How?” was all that he managed to say.
“Keep the wind in you back, follow the white,” the tree repeated.
The white, the snow, he understood. The wind, the icy draft, keep it in you back. The tree, and the weather, suddenly paving a white avenue across the mountainside and up toward their destination. He understood now. And understanding found new strength.
“How much farther?” he asked of the old tree.
“Far,” came the unwelcome reply.
But with the fire now at bay, and the air breathable again, and his back no longer burning, “far” sounded a lot like “near” to him, and feeling Lara’s grip on his hand firm up, he took off again.
:
For minutes, how many he wasn’t sure, but quite a few, he ran, and Lara ran, and Vixer—while also chasing flakes—ran. Then the newfound reserve seemed to run dry, and he felt impossibility mounting again in his legs. He could not.
And to make matters worse, the heat was returning. Not as badly as before, but in a furor of steam and hiss, the fire was assailing the snowy path, and was in fact gaining on them again.
“How far?” he heard himself think again.
“Not so far now,” came the reply.
He turned his head. The steam rose around the angry fire and stood out like a furious red and yellow cloud, rushing into the air, swirling on the wind, mixing with heat and hissing some more.
“Come,” said Lara, and tugged his hand.
“How far is not so far?” he wanted to know. Precisely.
“Not far,” came the ambiguous reply.
And then Harry knew that they would not make it.


::236::
The coldest air was not amused.
He was cold enough, the snow was thick enough, the wind was fierce enough to keep the fire at bay, yet it didn’t. As if finding additional heat, additional will to live when threatened with extinction, it again gained on the fleeing humans.
But the coldest air was the coldest for a reason: he was the loftiest, the oldest, the most revered, and now he called upon more than just nearby clouds to join the fight, he called upon all clouds within hundreds of miles to gather, sink, and squash.
The effect was not immediate, but it was soon enough: mountains upon mountains of clouds gathered, swollen with moisture. Gathered in the icy fold of the coldest air, then lowered themselves upon the fire, unleashing not rain, no not really, more like water in thin sheets. One after the other the dark gray, some even black clouds moved in, fell upon the fire, and opened up. Earth has yet to see fire that can withstand that, under-water corals will burn first.
Give or take a minute or two, but in less than half an hour, the fire was out.

Part VIII — Untouched


::237::
Inevar saw the weather’s doing.
Saw and finally dared breathe again. The two climbers, only minutes ago sure to be consumed despite the white path laid by the coldest wind, had stopped to take in the spectacle, as astonished as Inevar himself.
The air turned cloud, turned water. The fire turned smoke, turned steam, turned darkness. Harry and Lara, still in ankle-deep snow, set out again, Lara guiding Harry, Vixer up ahead, still leading the way.
Not far now.


::238::
Perhaps Harry Oates  should not have been surprised. Perhaps nothing should have surprised him, not after what he had recently been through. Yet, no one alive would not be both astonished and surprised by full and true unleashing of weather upon fire.
With one breath Harry knew, truly knew—and braced himself for it—that death was immanent. He could feel flames licking his neck and hair, or at least near enough to relish it. He could almost hear the back of his sweater smolder from nearby and hungry attention. He could even feel Lara’s pull weaken as she, too, sensed the inevitable. The fire was stronger than, fiercer than, more persistent than the weather: unquenchable.
Any second now.
The cloud that moved in from the east looked more like something sculpted than formed by weather: massive, dark gray and black, arriving at speed and sinking so fast for the fire just behind them that Harry instinctively ducked, fearing for his head.
The next moment the fire hissed so loudly it sounded like a scream, perhaps it was a scream; perhaps there was agony in that instant evaporation of what must have been millions of gallons of water. Not snow this time, water; not rain: water. As if a river had formed in the sky, rushing down the cloudy slopes to cast itself upon the pursuing flames. River to steam to screaming fire to more river to less steam to river fanning out to either side and vanquishing more fire, to more steam, to other screams.
He would always be hard pressed to say how long this took, how long before there simply was no more fire. It felt like seconds, minutes at most, but most have been longer. But it only took seconds for him to realize that no, he was not going to die, not by fire anyway, perhaps drown if he didn’t get out of there.
Still up to his ankles in snow—they suddenly made themselves heard: freezing—he turned to Lara who simply shook her head, she had no idea either. Vixer had one though, and that was to get a move on, they had things they must do, places to be, is what his bark said.
Lara, still holding his hand, finally let go. The immediate danger over, Harry could make it on his own. He nodded to himself, yes, now he could. Now he could.
:
In the near darkness of mist and cloud and evening, the path ahead, the white avenue up the mountain, had an end. Harry could see it, perhaps half a mile away, and set out.
It was not the easiest going, for rocks and fallen branches and other obstacles were all hidden by the snow, a foot thick in places. But Vixer seemed to have a sense for the clearest path, and first Lara, then Harry followed Vixer’s tracks as closely as possible.
They were not speeding up the snowy land, but they made steady progress, nearer and nearer to him that had summoned them, to him that had summoned the weather—surely, to him that had memories to share.


::239::
Lara was amazed that Vixer had such a sense of the walkable.
Walkable for her and Harry, that is. Vixer, no doubt, could make his way without any problem over any terrain, but here he seemed to find the smoothest path under the thick snow, avoiding—for the most part—slippery stones and challenging roots.
For some reason Arcadia Blue sprung to mind, and Sister Barbara; as if she had become Sister Barbara and was now walking the final steps up to the gates of heaven. The image made her smile, for in a way it was not so far from the truth, was it? Darkness all around, stunned trees, twice silenced by the astounding: first the threat, then the rescue. For was either to be believed? And clearing an avenue through this darkness, the recent, out-of-nowhere snow, leading on and up and yes, she could see it ending, to the ancient tree who had summoned them.
:
She wasn’t sure what she had expected, but something—or someone—taller, perhaps.
The ancient Bristlecone stood no more than six or so feet tall, but also stood about six or so feet wide, though only the farthermost part seemed alive, sparingly pined and coned.
“It’s only a shell,” said Inevar.
“I realize that,” said Lara and Harry so at the same time that they both turned to stare at each other. Then they turned back to the tree.
“Inevar,” said Inevar.
“Harry,” said Harry.
“Lara,” said Lara.
Part of her felt a little like shaking hands; another part of her a little like Sister Barbara, to fall down and kiss the edge of his mantle, God’s that is.
“It’s good to see you,” said Inevar.
“You can see us?” said Lara.
“In a manner of speaking,” said Inevar, and in the same moment spread wings so wide that Lara could not make out the tips. The tree was still the tree, yet, she could see the giant bird harbored by these ancient branches.
“I can see you, too,” she finally said.
“As I am, closer to truth than pines and cones.”
“As you are.”


::240::
Then what Harry saw was how the ancient tree, standing a little apart from the others of his species, slowly revealed itself as amazing bird, with a span of what must be miles and miles, at the same time as he heard Lara say, “As you are.”
The giant shape struck Harry as the Phoenix unflamed, as the Phoenix dreamed, mightier and more beautiful than anything fire might devour, more graceful than anything ashes might gender.
In flight now, or perched upon the roof of the Earth, Harry could not really tell, his wings spanning the mountain, feathers the bluest blue of its own blue light, the reddest red of its own red light, the greenest green of its own green light, and the finest of silver alive.
Each feather like a brilliantly plumed javelin.
His beak was a cover of whitest white like hinged crescent moons; eyes the deepest black.
Again, he heard someone say, perhaps this time it was he saying this: “As you are.”
As he was, as he is, this ancient tree turned bird.
Then the bird spoke: “And you can ascend?”
“Yes,” said Lara, “we can ascend.”
Harry agreed, “Yes, we can.”
“Then do so.”
“Here? Now?” Again, Harry was hard pressed to discern the author of the thought, he or Lara. For surely, this was not the place, nor time, to sit down and meditate.
“I did not say meditate,” said Inevar. “I said ascend. Seat yourselves on my knee, then ascend, and rise up and into.”
“Up and into?”
“Rise up and into,” repeated Inevar.
“Rise up and into what?” asked Harry.
“Rise up and into what you find as you rise up and into,” said Inevar.
The snow was melting around them. The coldest wind seemed to have retreated, storm clouds in tow, mission accomplished, job well done.
Harry looked around for somewhere to seat himself, somewhere dry and comfortable enough to ascend from; looking for Inevar’s knee.
Lara found it first.
Yes, perhaps a knee, Harry thought, as she sat down on a long branch, or was it a root, extending along the ground for ten or so feet, wide and from what he could see, no longer alive. Still, it was firm and just the right height, a bench really, more than a knee. Plenty of room. So, he sat down too. Looked at Lara, smiled a little tentatively, then briefly looked around for Vixer, where had he gone to?
“Rise up and into,” said or echoed Inevar.
And so the air grew still; stiller yet than it had in the cabin when the many tree-sentinels surrounding had shielded and run interference for them; and in that stillness Harry and Lara ascended up and into where the recent murderous fire turned future memory; into that of Inevar’s.
Into not only Inevar’s memory, but his knowing, guests of the awareness of this ancient thing.
And saw, is if they were there—for they were there:
A giant angel. A court. Many birds like that of Inevar. A solemn proceeding.
The angel, taller than the tallest bird, was enwebbed by silvery net, by uncountable strands gathering and folding the angel’s wings, still, the angel made for an impressive figure as he was brought, in slow procession, before the court of seven elders to answer for his behavior.
He looked defiant, the mountain-tall angel, and struggling a little with the strands. The march was slow, the path to the tribunal long and lined by many a curious bird, each shifting and stretching the better to see the angel-prisoner, and doing much nodding and commenting on the futility of it all.
Finally, the angel was brought all the way, and now stood, tall and bold and proud before the seven great birds, stern and seated all upon towering perch, looking down at him.
Nothing was said while the angel would not avert his glance.
The bird at center, ancient and elderest, every feather the white of brilliant snow, his eyes pools that held space at its very darkest, finally spoke:
“You are charged with disrupting Order, and abetting Chaos.”
The angel made no reply.
“Have you anything to say in your defense?” wondered the same ailing—at least he looked old enough to be ailing, bird.
As it turned out the angel did have something to say in his defense. And if the tribunal had expected something humble or contrite, they expected wrongly. Not that the answer was obscene, but it was by no means polite as it suggested just exactly where they could go, and just exactly how they should go about going there; to leave him alone, for he had done nothing—do you hear that?—absolutely nothing to deserve this. They, the birds, were in fact revolting against his order; they were the once that had abetted chaos, really, when it came right down to it. And he gave them precisely no time whatsoever to undo these strings and let him expand and assume his rightful size, or else. And once freed, they should bow down before him and pay him tribute by erecting many many statues of angels here there and everywhere. That was the gist of it. He had spoken.
The elder—with a faint rustle of feather and robe, like wind—looked to his left and then to his right? All nodded. Fine.
“Guilty.”
And there was only one possible sentence for this angel, for death had yet to be invented: Forever Imprisonment.
:
They brought the proud angel back to what struck Harry as the local jail, massively carved from the side of a mountain, and held him there for a very long time, behind electronic bars, still firmly enwebbed.
Held him there while scouts were scouring the known universe for a suitable prison, for a planet young and hot enough to fuse the web and so the prisoner to it, yet sufficiently cooled and formed that he would not simply melt his way out of its strands.
“Who is the angel?” Harry heard Lara ask.
“He is the Father of Seasons,” said Inevar.
A ripple, then another raced through the living space that was Harry. “The angel is the Storm?” he asked.
Inevar did not answer; instead, he nodded slowly. Then he said, “Pay attention now.”
Before them, a debate, quite animated, in progress among the elders. Easily overheard.
It was about a new invention, about this new web, this new energy, this new more like a poison than anything, this unseen but nonetheless felt thing, untried as yet on someone this size—meaning the angel’s (or as the birds thought of it, someone of his scope). Most of the debating elders were for using this new invention on the angel, for if it worked on him, so went their reasoning, then it would work on anyone.
Well, so went the cons, that was just it, if it did work on him then it would indeed be the perfect, the most vicious, the most everlasting chains ever conceived, and that, over time, could amount to nothing but evil: no crime, no matter what order was disrupted, or chaos abetted, deserved this.
But these cons, however logical and persuasive their argument, remained a minority.
Still, in matters like this the birds preferred unanimity—if at all possible—so the debate went on, and one by one more cons sided with the pros, until what cons remained—reticent now, some would even say mournful—were close to giving in. But couldn’t quite, they saw it as evil afoot, even if embryonically, and said as much.
Then word arrived: they had found a planet, still coagulating, but in its final stages that would soon enough provide the perfect prison. And as a bonus: it was far enough away to before long escape the general mind, which would finally allow them to put this whole distasteful episode behind them.
Other parties were soon dispatched to inspect and verify these hopeful findings. And they too returned: yes, a good choice. This planet would serve.
Confirmed then. Which, by necessity—for now a decision had to be made—brought the debate to a close: the many pros had it: yes, they would use this new web, this new device, these new fetters on the angel. He was, they were now convinced, the perfect specimen for these refined and insidious chains.
:
In short, the invention consisted of this: A new—synthesized—wave of light, so shaped, so fine, so invisible, so exquisite, so pervasive, so delightful, so enticing, so aesthetic, so burning, so thrilling, so captivating, so forceful, so filling that once it touches you, once it enters you, once it indeed possesses you and fills you and shrinks you into an inexplicable and urgent need to make more of you, you want it to never ever ever cease.
And should it cease, you’d want nothing but, you would do anything to, be so enticed and filled and possessed again.
The defeated cons still mumbled about the addictive nature of the wave and held it forth as a reason to not only not deploy it on the prisoner, but to destroy this invention, along with its research records, altogether. Nothing good would come of it, they claimed.
The pros shook their heads. The law was the law. The majority had decided. Yes, the cons admitted, the decision was legal enough, but they washed their hands off this evil business, pointing to the planetary trials where entire populations had descended into chaos, utter and often bloody chaos, in ever-increasing thirst for the seemingly inexhaustible sensation that some had taken to calling “the little death” because—so the cons claimed—the price for the wonderful ecstasy that seized and convulsed the test subjects was partial death, a contracting, a shrinking, a dying a little; and when you, spent and amazed that anything could feel that good, were done, when you had had a chance to catch your breath, then your next thought was: again. And where lies the freedom in that?
The pros could only laugh at such folly: Of course, there is no freedom in that. It is not designed for freedom, they said, it is designed to entice, to bind, and to keep bound.
Well, the cons did concede, as for that, it certainly would work. But there was nothing decent about it, and it was in fact as cruel a thing as they had ever invented, robbing, as it did, the subject of volition, and driving, as it did, the resultant addict quite insane. This invention was, they held, a crime against nature, and was in fact not much better than pain (another fairly recent invention, now banned in its pure form, though resurrected here as part of this new wave, this little death wave, along with aesthetics and the desire to create beauty, though here curtailed and perverted from creating beauty to creating more—very clever of them).
Which is how, at the end of the day, the decision came down on the side of the pros: the thing worked, and worked very well (and as intended) in the planetary trials. Now they needed to test it on a deity—on a being of scope. It would serve the birds’ long term goals.
At your own peril, mumbled the departing cons.
Fine.
:
“I don’t understand,” said Harry. “What does this new invention have to do with the Storm?”
“Pay attention,” said Inevar, even as they shifted from the far away home of gigantic birds toward Earth. Even as, enwebbed, they brought the angel across eons and eons of space to the now cooling third planet from Sol, the newly formed sun. The crust had begun to form, though hot and screaming lava still pulsated through fissures and gaps. Yes, this was perfect. Both the detachment of warrior birds and the escorting elders agreed: perfect.
Arrived, strong warriors then slung the angel into the planet’s core, while they also loosened the many millions of strands that made up the web, loosened them sufficiently to let the still fighting angel expand to planet size.
Then they let go. Stepped back. Watched.
For many many circles around the sun the birds (as well as Inevar, Harry and Lara) watched to see whether the fusing—the web hardening into the crust of the planet while still restraining the angel—would hold; and yes, as planned, it worked well. In effect, the angel had now fused with the planet, had become the planet.
Then, for the next many revolutions of this infant planet, they directed this newly invented light, their little-death invention in his direction, filled him as he filled the planet, with the vibrant ecstasy of what surely was true bliss.
The angel, surprised at the intensity of the feeling, and filled with the need, this inexplicable though wonderful need to create, to make more of him, in the end convulsed so hard that he threatened to rupture the crust, and for fear of losing him to escape, the birds ceased the light.
“Again,” is what the angel said.
“No,” is what the birds said.
“Please,” is what the angel said.
“Listen,” is what the birds said. For this was part of their far reaching plan.
And so the birds taught and impressed upon the angel the intricate makeup, the complex pattern—part pain, part aesthetic—of the new light, of the little death, and taught him again, and again, and so well that in the end he was capable of emanating it, this frequency, this pattern: but never for his own direct benefit. No, the birds’ plan differed: he could only emanate it outward, into others, but whom he then, in turn—being a deity, after all—could permeate and perceive and so, vicariously, again experience the ecstasy for himself.
“Though you are never free to leave, you are free to use this light on other life, once it settles,” he was told.
“Who would want to leave?” He said.
Then, “When will life settle?” He wanted to know, anxious to experience the little death again.
“Soon enough,” came the reply, for the plans were already in place to expand the use of this prison facility, once the planet had stabilized.
The planet cooled further and the crust hardened further and the web still held, of course it did, for he still struggled, still prodded here and there for weaknesses, thus ever strengthening it. It would always hold.
Impatiently, the angel waited an eon or so, waited for life to entice and smother with this light, for all he could think about, caged within planet, was the remembered thrill, the exquisite pain of the fine light, and the need to savor it again. But for that he needed other life—to fill and then sense, so the birds, if they were to be believed, had told him.
Life, others, who would not come. There was still only the planet, and the imprisoned angel within.
Neither rock, and he did try—impatiently emanating the crust—nor lava, and he did try—filling the glow of metal and stone, were sensitive recipients of the fine light, and neither would thrill at all; neither would water; neither would sulfur nor air. The birds had not lied, he needed other life.
Who would not come, and who would not come.
And then would not come.
:
The crust hardened further as the planet cooled some more, and steam condensed and fell and oceans formed, and then, finally: curious perhaps, or perhaps brought here—according to birdy plan—another life, another being moved through new water and after many many moons began to put things together: organized some Hydrogen, some Oxygen, some Carbon, some Nitrogen, and some sulfur, some Iron and a metal or two into a small thing that unlike other small things could move as itself, on its own volition: a cell. Life.
And then another.
Many others.
The angel, ever alert, ever thirsty, noticed this and beamed the fine little death toward, then through the ocean, to fill it with and ensure to reach, this new, these new, others. And reached.
And, faintly, faintly, he could feel it, the thin thin ecstasy of single cells as they, confused and elated both by this unseen voice, and focused suddenly on the need to make more began to split, and split again in stubborn frenzy of joyous procreation.
And this they kept up for as long as the Host filled them with the need and its reward, so that the Host could himself reap the ecstasy he craved.
And many circles around the sun saw cells become colonies of cells become colonies of colonies of cells and as they came together to form larger congregations still, soon took shape as fish, as reptile, as scurriers and wingers and whenever the angel beamed his wave to still his constant thirst they complied, ecstasied and procreated—through male sperm now and female egg to fuse in female womb to hold and protect and nurse the splitting and splitting again of cells to colonies of cells to colonies of colonies of cells to miniature versions of their kind to soon erupt into day to new life and soon enough to the need to in turn find a mate to experience the thrill of making more and more and more.
As seen by the observing guards and the remaining elders (and Inevar, Harry, and Lara) the wave of the little death emanated by the angel now rose like a mist from crevices and hollows of the Earth to fill and propel many a species to more and more and more.
And still the web held firm, or not—for it no longer mattered: by now the angel no longer had any thoughts, nor even dreams, of ever leaving.
:
Other birds arrived to observe, other elders to sagely nod, yes, their experiment was succeeding, indeed. Yet other birds then arrived, and they brought prisoners, other sentences to be carried out. These were not angels, these rebels and thieves, plotters and agitators, artists some and poets—too radical for their own good, prisoners all, all captured and enwebbed spirits, released into the stream of life now blooming on the third planet from Sol.
And then the birds watched: as the ecstasy of making more soon seized the new arrivals and pushed aside all thought of wanting to leave, for who would want to leave this? This paradise of feeling.
And the birds, the inventors and refiners of these fetters looked at each other and nodded some more, yes, this truly worked. We have built the perfect prison. 
:
As Harry and Lara watched, they returned again and again with still more prisoners, all released into the stream of Earthly life, all soon caught in the web of procreation and it’s rewards, all soon oblivious of their eternal history or how they ended up here, focused as they were on this one thing, this one wonderful thing or making more.
For wherever the misty waves touched—ever produced by the ever-thirsty angel beneath—orderly life, or any semblance thereof, ceased as procreation took hold and place. Chaos ensued and spread and eventually threatened to take over and, in the end, destroy their carefully crafted prison.
Observing this, the birds began to realize that they had succeeded a little too well, and so—after much back and forth—made one major, and final, adjustment to ensure that the planet would not self-destruct. They induced within the angel a partial and specific amnesia: for eleven moons out of twelve he would not remember the pattern of the wave. For the twelfth moon, however, memory would come storming back, making him again capable of slaking his thirst.
They knew that had they not done this, the planet would eventually rip itself apart with the making of ever-larger species, and ever more avaricious hungers.
And so, for only one moon out of twelve the Host would emanate, would fill the entire surface if he so pleased (and he pleased), and reap the reward of the ensuing moon-long and constant procreation.
Again they observed for many many circles around the sun to see if the fetters—if only renewed one moon out of twelve—would remain strong enough to prevent escape—or prevent the though or desire of escape; and after a short eon they concluded, yes, the desire was now deeply enough implanted to linger beneath and within as such an intrinsic need that no one ever thought of leaving, that no one ever wanted to think of leaving. And yet, order reigned for much of the solar cycle: species developed, man evolved, and cities were built: orderly and fair, but for that one month each year when things sprung into uncontrollable frenzy.
“A prison,” said Lara.
“A prison,” confirmed Inevar.
“That no one wants to leave,” said Harry.
“That no one wants to leave,” confirmed Inevar. Then added, “Now, pay attention.”
Again into the memory of the great galactic bird’s who now, eons later, sailed galaxies so far away they could not be seen from Earth, not even with the strongest telescope. Inevar had been old even then, as Eyevindrae, the white-winged council elder, approached him. Approached and bid him to follow.
There was a problem.
And so, side by side Inevar and Eyevindrae had travelled that amazing distance back to Sol and her planets, to arrive at the beautiful blue gem he would never have imagined a prison, slowly making its way around the glittering sun. Not such grace, not such blues and swirls of white, surely; how could something so beautiful?
The two birds settled unseen on a distant desert floor nestling between towering Western mountains, where Inevar—shedding first his feathered body and then, by ancient guile and skill of the elder bird, his memory—was now given the choice—for the rejection of these fetters must rise purely from within, or it would never stand up to their onslaught.
It was the cruelest of tests, and one which Eyevindrae—for reasons of her own—had not fully explained to him.
“And if I choose wrongly?” is what he had asked on their way there.
“Then,” Eyevindrae had answered. “You are lost.”
“And if I choose not to be tested?”
“Then we turn around this very moment.”
“I will be tested,” answered Inevar.
And so, a little past the dawn of time, as he stood invisibly alive, as though just born, he was asked by the now distant voice of the elder bird to choose: mobility or immobility.
With mobility, he was told, came sex—the most wonderful energy ever invented—with immobility came peace.
And the Giver of this choice? By now Inevar had no clear view of who or what it could have been, the one extending this offer, this ur-choice, which at its core, consisted of this: Animal or plant?
As it happened, Eyevindrae (who had search long and hard for just such a candidate) had chosen well in Inevar, for even though she could never have been certain that he would, in the end—after many of his questions and after many of her answers—he rejected mobility in favor of peace.
And thus, he became what he remained: the original custodian, the bearer of witness, the helper of spirits, the grower of trees.
“Immobility,” said Harry. “I choose immobility.”
“So do I,” said Lara.
:
After a while—in galactic terms—they found that during the eleven peaceful moons they could sometimes reach the recently dead before they were seized by and brought back into animal flesh—brought back as if driven by desires unknown to but nonetheless ruling the spirit. And they found that to those reach, they could pose the very question Inevar had originally been asked: animal or plant?
Most of those questioned chose animal—no question about it, from the same urge that drove all other unquestionables. But many—not yet quite as tainted or dependent—would in the end choose plant, and so were born new trees: species guided and still grown by these spirits; spirits now happy and grateful to have been given a choice, though few truly remembered, or ever dwelled on such details.
As trees died away they, with very few exceptions, remained true to their roots and returned to rear and live as new specimen of their own strand of tree, and so trees proliferated and came to cover the earth.
:
The prison planet revolved on its axis, spreading days and nights across its beautiful surface, revolved around its sun, counting moons and years and eons in the process.
As Harry and Lara watched, Inevar grew his original tree to an ancient age then departed to find himself seed again, then tendril, then root, then stem, then trunk, then branch, then tree.
And again.
And again.
And eons again.
Then found, after eons of casting his mind back, and seeing that focus could, and did, unlock the past—Eyevindrae’s spell perhaps also wearing a little thin—that image after image his memory returned to him, to beyond the ur-choice, to recalling and recognizing the Giver of Choice, to recalling the flight from home to this slowly spinning prison of the spirit. And he knew that with memory returned he was now ready to truly embark upon the task he had been given.
He found too, that with memory returned he had also regained the choice to leave at death of his current manifestation, and found too that each time the only possible choice, for him, was to stay, to bring yet another tree to maturity, to see yet another five thousand circles around the sun, to ponder for yet another eon, how best to effect the first escape.
And now that Harry’s Pine, much to his, and Harry’s, and Inevar’s surprise, had managed to turn Harry into tree, perhaps, perhaps, here was the birth of a key to that escape.
“You choose immobility?” Inevar asked him.
“Yes,” said Harry.
“Yes,” said Lara.
“Then,” said Inevar. “Then you are free to leave.”
:
The snow had all melted. Vixer was back from his expedition. Lara sat still as the old tree itself, eyes still closed, still surfacing.
From where Harry sat, he could see the black edge of the fire farther down the mountain. And beyond that, the scorched belt of many dead Bristlecones Pine.
Then he rose again, not into memory but into air, as if the prison of his head had thrown open its gates and he was now free to come and go as he pleased.
To find Lara, hovering too above the little scene, emitting a faint glow, not so much a glow as visible location.
“A prison,” she said.
“A prison,” he agreed.
“We are free to leave,” she said.
“I feel that we are,” said Harry.
“Do you remember?” she said. “Do you remember where to go?”
And Harry did remember, exactly and precisely where he had come from, precisely what he had been doing when they came for him, electronic nets at the ready. “Yes,” he said. “Do you?”
“Yes.”
“That is part of our freedom,” he said.
“It is,” said Inevar.


::241::
The fields streched forever, or surely seemed to.
Lara—who had a very different name then—ran through the windblown lushness, green and turquoise and wavy saffron here and there greeting her as she ran, as glad to see her as she was to see them.
The Earth-bound Lara had glimpsed them sometimes in dream, these distant fields, this distant home where she had lived to write her poetry and her songs (which some considered subversive and non-optimum). And she remembered her summons. Remembered considering ignoring it, but knew what the result would be, and she loved these fields too much. And so she responded, reported to her trial, where was she indeed found guilty of attempting to subvert the populace. And so, the sentence. And so, Earth.
And now, she knew how to get back, knew how easily she could leave the shape of Lara sitting there on the Bristlecone branch, still taking herself—her true self—in, growing with each breath (or need not to breathe).
She almost left then, almost took that one step which she knew would be virtually irreversible for once she saw her fields again, and they her, there would be no returning here, to Inevar, to Harry.
Though free to take that step, free to leave, she did not.
Not yet.


::242::
Harman-Karman was not surprised. Well, perhaps he was surprised that it had taken so long, and a little surprised that when Harry did return this time, he returned much like the Juniper and Elm return to him every morning. But he was not surprised to hear from him.
“How are you?” Harry wanted to know.
“What do you think?” said Harman-Karman. “Nothing’s changed.”
“Your trees keeping you company?”
“Of course,” said the Juniper, “What a question.”
“Of course,” echoed the Elm.
“Yes,” said Harman-Karman, and could not keep the trace of a smile out of his reply. “Without them I’d go crazy.”
“Everything else?”
“As I said, still the same. And you Harry? What happened to you?”
“Long story.”
“I have time.”
“Some other time, Harman-Karman.”
“I’d like to hear it,” said the Elm.
“Me, too,” said the Juniper. “The Pine said you went to visit the ancient Bristlecone.”
“That I did.”
“So, let’s hear it,” said the Elm.
“Don’t be impertinent,” said the Juniper.
“I’d like to hear that story,” said Harry’s Pine.
And so Harry told them.
:
“What will you do?” said Harry’s Pine once the story was told.
“I don’t know,” said Harry.
“You are free to go, the Bristlecone said so.”
“I am free to go.”
“But you hesitate.”
“I hesitate.”


::243::
Inevar asked the same question.
Harry gave the same answer.


::244::
It is said that when Harry and Lara realized that they were free to leave, they turned and looked at Inevar, the Bristlecone Pine, then back out over the peaks and valleys of the White Mountains, at the shore of charred tree that ringed them a little father down; they then raised their eyes to the stars for a very long time before they looked back at Inevar, bowed to him in gratitude, and took their leave.
:
It is also said that they still, to this day, walk among us.

::


About the Author


Raised in Northern Sweden (by trolls), Ulf Wolf is now California-based.

To date he has written eight novels, four novellas, and fifty odd short stories. More is underway.

For more about this particular wolf, visit http://ulfwolf.com.

Also, you can contact him at ulfwolf at gmail dot com.

Other books by Ulf Wolf (and also available at Smashwords):

Tathāgata — A Four Volume Novel
The Faces of Harriet Brown — a Novel
He Fell Through Clouds — a Novel
Storm — a Novel
The Katha Upanishad — a Novel
Love Thyself Last — a Novel
Flannery’s Bear — a Novella
Only The Albatross Remembers — a Novella
Boil a Manchild for Odin — a Novella
Seven True Lies — a Seven Story Collection
Two Dark Truths — a Two Story Collection


