Tathagata
Book One: Birth


Ulf Wolf

Smashwords Edition
November 2012

Copyright


Tathagata — Book One: Birth
Copyright 2012 by Wolfstuff


All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
Tathāgata 


Smashwords License Notes


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




::1:: (Tusita Heaven)

The Bodhisatta Setaketu saw that the time had come.
After a nearly uncountable span in the Tusita Heaven preparing for his destiny, preparing for his return to the little blue planet so far below, how could he tell the time was now right?
Because man far below had begun, again, to ask meaningful questions. Because nearly incessant war and slaughter had finally begun again to recede, and the northern part of the large Indian subcontinent now lay spent but peaceful after centuries of upheaval. For how long this peace would last he could not tell, but it would last long enough for his purpose, that he saw.
The war and barbarism that had flourished for the last many centuries, had now run out of breath or passion or both; things settling. He could see a small, still lake of opportunity in that far-below spiritual darkness. And so, seeing by the light that he was, he saw that the time had come to show and share it once more.
Although he did not make a point to mention this, word nonetheless soon spread throughout the Tusita realm that Setaketu was leaving for Earth, and many a well-wisher gathered to see him off, each proffering their advice as parting gift—some sensible, most not; it is so very easy to be wise from such a safe distance.
Embracing his friends one by one, thanking each for his or her well-meant guidance, Setaketu finally stepped back, bowed in slow and graceful namaste to honor them all, then turned and strode toward gates that now swung open to admit soon to be Siddhattha Gotama into the cold and starry beyond.
And that is how, with a final step, he left Tusita and with it the brilliant body he had worn so long. Then, as if falling through a long and dizzying shaft, he plummeted to Earth, through eons of lightless space, through the dust of a billion billion stars, through harder and harder gravity, through miasmal planetary grasping, and finally into startled flesh and blood that legend holds fell out of his mother’s side feet first to then take seven steps in each of the four directions: North, South, East, West.



::2:: (Pasadena)

“We’ve already decided on a name,” Melissa said as she returned to the living room with a fresh pot of tea.
“What did you choose?” said Becky.
“Ruth,” she answered as she poured the steaming tea for her friend.
She then straightened and rubbed the base of her now softly swelling belly in the way of mothers-soon-to-be, contented and proud. “She will be Ruth.”
“Ruth is a fine name,” said Becky, even though she didn’t much care for it—an aunt of hers was also a Ruth, and she could not stand the woman.
“We think so,” said Melissa.
“When is she due?” asked Becky.
“January.” Melissa eased herself back into her chair and poured some more tea for herself as well.
:
Melissa was twenty-six years old and this was her first child. She and Charles had been trying for a while—long enough, in fact, for Melissa to begin to worry a little, at times even wondering aloud to her husband if he thought there might be something wrong, since things were not “taking” as she put it—the word her obstetrician, Dr. Ross, favored in this situation and one day had explained to Melissa in some depth.
“It’ll happen,” Charles would say. “It happens when it happens. Don’t you worry.”
“I’m not really worried,” she’d say. “Just wondering.”
“Don’t you worry,” Charles would say again, once or sometimes twice, his attention already back with whatever it was that Melissa had interrupted—a football game, his breakfast read of the Los Angeles Times, outlining a brief or a response, chewing.
And Charles had indeed been right, it had happened—and had taken to reminding her of this a little too often, she thought, that things had indeed “taken.” So there was nothing wrong with him, now, was there?
:
Melissa’s husband Charles likes to be called precisely that. Charles. Not Charlie, or Chuck, or Chas, or Chip. Charles. That is his name, and that’s what he wants to be called. Even by his wife.
Every time.
:
“Can you keep a secret?” asked Melissa. “Well, it’s not really a secret, but still, don’t tell anyone, not yet anyway.”
“Sure,” said Becky. Now done with her tea, and making small I’ll-soon- have-to-go movements on the sofa.
“We’re to be part of a study. Ruth and I.”
“What do you mean? What kind of a study?” said Becky, sensing, as she easily did, trouble. Becky could find shadows in the whitest snow—if not right away, she would look and look until she did.
“About first-time mothers and their babies. A writer came last week and asked me if I minded, and I said no, of course not. Ananda Wolf was his name.”
“Amanda Wolf?”
“No, not Amanda, Ananda. With an n.”
“What kind of a study?” Becky asked again.
“About how first-time mothers prepare for the baby. They want to follow the pregnancy from the second month or so till delivery. Preparations, worries, those kinds of things. To stay in touch.”
“They? Where is he from? Some university?”
“He didn’t say. He looked a little like a professor, though. Actually, he looked more like a Buddhist monk with a bow tie. He was a writer, he said. Reminded me a little of professor Anderson at USC, remember him? Jeans and corduroy all the time, did he actually own any white shirts?”
Becky shook her head that she didn’t remember, or didn’t care.
“A very nice man,” added Melissa. “Quite the gentleman.”
“Did he say where he was from?”
“He said he was from Idaho.”
“Idaho?”
“Yes.”
“Did you sign anything? Did he leave anything?” She looked around, as if such an agreement should lie in plain sight for her review.
No, she had not, and no, he had not. “He has called a couple of times,” she said. “We’re going to speak once a week, or so.”
“Oh, Melissa.” Becky shook her head. Then her friend seemed to re-assemble herself, adopting her things-to-do, people-to-see face.
“No, no. Really, Becky. It’s nothing fishy, I promise you.”
Becky rose. “When was he here?”
“Saturday before last.”
“Does Charles know?”
“Of course.”
That was apparently the right answer, for Becky relaxed a little, as much as Becky would ever relax. Too concerned about everything was what Becky was.
Melissa rose, too. Kissed her on the cheek. Becky kissed her back. Then her friend headed out into her so-many-things-to-do, so-much-to-worry-about world.



::3:: (Ancient India)

Tathagata knew the end was near.
The Buddha, nearing eighty now, had arrived with the Sangha, his order of monks, at Rajagaha, the capital of Magadha. Arriving, it was as if the city itself knew, for the approaching end had gathered as dark clouds beyond the nearby mountains, slowly rising, darkening not only the sky.
Word spread, and while at Rajagaha, many came to see him. Princes and kings arrived with gifts; farmers and hunters, also with gifts; ascetics brought reverence and bowed deeply before him. Others came, bringing only eyes and awe.
Few brought questions this time—as was usually the case for such visits. No, they came from near and far only to see him. They came to catch one last glimpse of the Enlightened One. They came to bid him farewell.
And as some left, others arrived, and the Buddha—ever patient, ever compassionate—saw them all, spoke with them all, admonished them all to follow the eightfold path, and to practice the Dhamma diligently.
Though the end was near, it had yet to arrive. Outwardly, Tathagata seemed in good health and mostly in good spirits as well.
But he worried, not about his approaching Parinibbana—his final leaving, for that was as it should be—but about his Dhamma. He wondered whether he had, in his many years of teaching, truly managed to convey the truth practicably. Looking at his Sangha, and knowing that many of the monks were now arahants who had awoken and attained Nibbana, he felt sure, comforted. He had managed to plant the seed, they had taken root and the roots were many and surely strong enough to grow and protect the Dhamma.
But when his thoughts again turned to the world and its immeasurable number of plants, and creatures, and humans, and beings, and saw, again, how they dwarfed the Sangha into a speck of hardly anything at all, then he feared that the young Dhamma trees would soon wither and be swept away before the brute force of the world.
For around him, every day, every hour, every minute, so many signs of human folly, showing these blundering souls near incapable of learning. And there were so many of them, so very, very many of them.
And so, as he often did these final days—as if to make doubly, trebly sure—he would call his monks together and again present them an overview of his essential teachings. And again he would ask if they had any questions, and again he would answer those few that were voiced.
On one such night at Rajagaha he rose and said, “Virtue is strength. Concentration is strength. Wisdom is strength. Concentration fortified with virtue brings even greater benefits and greater fruits.
“Wisdom fortified with concentration brings even greater benefits and greater fruits. The mind fortified with wisdom is liberated from all cankers, particularly from the canker of sensual desire, the canker of desire for becoming, and the canker of ignorance.”
The Sangha, to a man surprised that the Buddha had risen before them, listened attentively. The surrounding country was still alive with end-of-the-day chores and early evening tune-ups: birds calling one another, hundreds of frogs and thousands of crickets weaving a carpet of sound, undulating now over water and grass, surrounding the congregation of monks and their teacher.
Into this colored silence the Tathagata then announced, “Tomorrow I will begin my last journey.”
As these words faded, it was as if even the crickets had heard, and the frogs, and the many birds, for as silence filled their vacuum, the world came to a standstill, and no bird called, no wind whispered.
Tomorrow, echoed the surrounding world, the Buddha will being his last journey.
:
The following morning Tathagata set out for Nelanda by the Ganges River, where he rested for a few days before, with a growing number of monks, he went on to Vesali.
At Vesali—which had recently seen an epidemic—his weakening body was invaded by a lingering strain of the deadly disease, but although it gained good hold, he managed to first suppress and then dispel it by sheer power of will. The time was not yet come, he would keep Death at bay.
Ananda—his first cousin and most trusted servant—noticed his master’s struggle and worried greatly about the Buddha’s health. Also, he worried—much like Tathagata himself—that perhaps there were things still unsaid or untaught, that should be said and should be taught while there still was time.
The Sangha had grown greatly over the years, and Ananda feared it might need further direction and more detailed rules from the Buddha himself in order to sustain it into the future, and he said as much to his master.
But when it came to the Sangha and its rules, the Buddha did not agree. “I have given all the rules they need,” he said. “I have seen and mapped the path of virtue for both bhikkhu and bhikkhuni. I have offered many, perhaps too many, rules and regulations to aid their practice. I have given them The Vinaya. What more does the Sangha expect from me, Ananda?”
Then, although he did fear that perhaps the Dhamma was not yet complete, or not yet clear or accessible enough, he added (perhaps to put Ananda’s mind at ease), “I have taught Dhamma doctrine without separating the esoteric from exoteric, for there is only one Dhamma, the Dhamma. It’s all there, Ananda. It is all there, to the best of my ability. There is nothing that the Tathagata holds back with the closed fist of a teacher. The Dhamma is the same whether bhikkhu, bhikkhuni, layman or laywoman.”
“You have given them all that is needed,” said Ananda. “I see that.”
The Buddha nodded, then answered, “I am almost eighty, Ananda. I have come to the end of my life, and I can maintain this body only with difficulty, just as one maintains a dilapidated old cart. My body is at ease only when I enter upon and dwell in the sign-less deliverance of the mind. I am not long now for this world, Ananda. You must know that. And you must be prepared to ensure the preservation and the survival of the Dhamma.”
Ananda, although he had known for some time that the end was near, hearing it so unequivocally from his master still welled his eyes, though he bravely fought back the tears lest he upset Tathagata.
But the Buddha noticed, and said, “Ananda, grieve not for my parting. Each of you are, and should be, an island unto yourself, dwell with yourself as a refuge and with no other as your refuge. Each of you should make the Dhamma your island. Dwell with the Dhamma as your refuge and with no other as your refuge.”
Ananda understood this and took much comfort at the Buddha’s words; although his tears had not receded far.

Tathagata remained in Vesali, and spent his last rainy season there. While there, he gave as many talks to his beloved Sangha as his strength would allow, still worrying that he had not taught all, or had not taught it well enough, or clearly enough.
For the Buddha knew that once he left—no matter what Ananda and the other leaders of the Sangha did to preserve it—his teachings, the Dhamma, would soon begin to dissipate. Slowly at first, but as time grew between his living words and those reciting them, obscuring them with ever-widening history, the Dhamma would diverge, first a word or two, then a phrase, into opinion and deficient understanding, to eventually even lose its true meaning. This was inevitable, nothing could withstand the onslaught of time. He knew this, and this was his greatest fear.
Late one night he told Ananda, “Before long, the Parinibbana of the Tathagata will come to pass. In three months’ time, I will pass utterly away.”
Ananda, again holding down tears called to the surface at hearing the truth spoken so directly by his master, and with such finality, asked him—with as steady a voice as he could muster—if he could not remain. For the sake of the Dhamma, he said, for the sake of Ananda, he did not say.
“Forty-five years ago,” replied the Buddha, “I decided—and silently promised the world—not to attain to final Nibbana until the Dhamma was well established, and well taught.”
Ananda bowed his head that he understood.
“I have now accomplished that,” said the Buddha. “The Dhamma is as complete as I can make it.
“It may not be the perfect guide out of this maze, across this river, but it is a workable guide—remember and proclaim the Dhamma as such, Ananda. It is a workable guide.”
“Yes, Tathagata.”
 “It could be clearer in places, it could be more succinct in others, and I worry sometimes about this, but I have reviewed, and turned it over in my mind this way and that, holding it to the light just so, and it is as I say, Ananda, it is workable. Followed, it will lead you—unfailingly—across the river.”
“I know.”
“Remember that.”
“I will.”
Ananda then lost his battle with tears. When the Buddha saw this, he said, “Have I not taught from the very beginning, Ananda, that with all that is dear and beloved there must be change, separation, and severance? Have I not said that all that is raised, come into being, conditioned, and subject to decay, must come to dissolution.”
“You have,” answered Ananda.
“Also,” said the Buddha, “The Tathagata cannot go back on his word. In three months’ time I shall attain final Nibbana.”
Then he asked Ananda to assemble the Sangha that he might address them again. Ananda did so.
Once assembled, the Buddha again rose before them, and thus standing—although this was an effort for his ailing body—he exhorted them to learn and practice the Dhamma, the path to enlightenment. “This holy life must endure, it must endure long, for the welfare and happiness of many, out of compassion for the world, for the good, welfare, and happiness of devas and humans.”
Then he said, “Three months from now the Tathagata’s Parinibbana will come to pass.”
Then he offered a brief poem for their contemplation:

My years are now full ripe, the life span left is short
Departing, I shall leave you, relying on myself alone.
Be earnest then, monks, mindful and pure in virtue!
With firm resolve guard your own mind.

One who in this Dhamma and Discipline
Dwells in constant heedfulness
Shall abandon the wandering on in birth
And make an end to suffering.

The normally many-tongued Sangha was all quiet that evening. Few if any words were exchanged, each monk anchored to his own vision of a world without the Buddha.
The following morning the Tathagata and the Sangha left Vesali for the province of the Mallas, in the Himalayan foothills.
At the next resting place, the Tathagata again assembled his monks and addressed them on the subject of his deepest concern. And again he stood up, the better to be heard:
“Please remember this: When I am gone you will meet those who purport to quote my words. What should you then do? You should remember those words and then look for confirmation in the Vinaya or the Suttas. If you cannot find them there, you must assume that they were wrongly learned—or otherwise colored—by that person, and you should reject such words. The Dhamma must remain pure, and only as I have taught it.”
He then raised his arm and pointed, first skyward, then seemingly to each and every monk and nun present.
“Accept no teaching attributed to me that you cannot verify as existing in the Vinaya or the Suttas. I cannot tell you anything more important than this, for accepting such false teaching as mine will surely destroy the Dhamma.”
:
One night nearly three months later, the Buddha asked Ananda to follow him.
“Where to, Master?”
“There is a grove of sala-trees in Kusinara. I want to go there.”
Seeing the Tathagata rising with effort—though fending off Ananda’s offered hand—Ananda knew that it was now only a matter of days, if not hours.
Once they arrived, Ananda, finding a suitable spot between two large sala trees and arranging there several thick blankets just so, made for the Tathagata a couch, its head to the north. And here, as the Tathagata lay down to rest, the sala trees, even though out of season, blossomed and snowed their flowers down upon him as a soft and fragrant blanket.
Ananda sat down beside him.
Now, other blossoms, from the heavenly coral tree and from the very clouds themselves, drifted down from the sky upon celestial music. The Buddha noticed, looked up and smiled. Then he looked at his friend.
“Ananda,” he said. “Is it not thus, that the Tathagata is venerated and honored in the highest degree by greetings and gifts?”
“Yes,” said Ananda. “That is so, and has always been so.”
To this the Buddha answered, “Still, whatever bhikkhu or bhikkhuni, layman or laywoman abides by the Dhamma, lives uprightly in the Dhamma, walks in the way of the Dhamma, he or she venerates and honors the Tathagata in a higher degree still. Truly, I ask for no higher reverence than this.”
Ananda nodded that he agreed, while, again, silently engaging his fear and grief.
“Do not sorrow, Ananda,” said the Buddha, as always noticing. “Have I not told you many times that everything changes and vanishes? How could something that has come into being not be destroyed? For a long time, Ananda, you have attended on the Tathagata, gladly, sensitively, sincerely, and without reserve, with deeds, speech, and thoughts of loving-kindness. You have made great merit, Ananda. Keep on striving and soon you will be free from all cankers.”
While Ananda bowed his head in acknowledgement, the Tathagata went on to say, “All the Buddhas of the past had such excellent attendants, and all future Buddhas will, too.”
Shortly after this the Buddha fell asleep, while Ananda stayed awake by his side, watching the sala tree blossoms drift to earth to kiss the Blessed One.
Tathagata slept a deep and peaceful sleep that night.
The following day, the day of his Death, the Buddha gave some final instructions to the gathered monks. “Do not think, bhikkhu, that after I am gone you no longer have a teacher, for the Dhamma and Vinaya will be your teachers.”
Then the Tathagata said nothing for many hours while the monks waited in silence.
Toward evening the Buddha arose once more. He looked at Ananda and smiled, then at the gathering of silent monks. Then he said:
“Now, monks, I declare this to you: It is the nature of all conditioned things to vanish. Strive for that goal with diligence.”
And those were the last words the Tathagata spoke.
At that, the Buddha laid back down, closed his eyes and entered through the four jhanas into the formless spheres of meditative absorption, until he attained the stage of cessation of perception and feeling.
Then he entered the nine stages of concentration in reverse order, back to the first jhana.
Again he rose through the four jhanas, and during his absorption in the fourth jhana he passed away.
:
The sala-tree grove glimmered below. Tathagata took one last look at Ananda, mute with grief now that he knew his master had left, and told him in a small breeze of love that he would soon follow, that Ananda himself would reach Nibbana soon, and shortly thereafter his own Parinibbana.
Ananda nodded that he had heard and that he had understood.
Soon the sala-tree grove was nothing but a bright speck upon the Earth below, and then the Earth turned blue and white with ocean and cloud and soon it, too, was gone in the starry dust of galaxies.
The gates to the Tusita heaven swung open, and Tathagata entered once more.
:
It should have been a time of rest for the Buddha. It should have been many a Tusita day of well-deserved contemplation of a job well done. But Tathagata could not relax, for in his heart he still feared that the Dhamma was not secure, that he had not taught it well enough, that he had not sufficiently clarified it. He feared that the Dhamma was not well enough understood, not even by his closest friends, and that it would not withstand the ravages of time.
He knew the frailties and follies of men. He knew the compulsive importance they attached to the self. He knew how they valued—and sometimes even preferred—opinion before truth, guessing before looking. He knew that such men—and they were in the vast majority—would shape the Dhamma to fit their own notions of what it should be rather than seeing what it was. These men would adopt opinions—their own and others’—rather than seeing for themselves. That was the biggest threat to the Dhamma.
Thus he worried, and could not cease to worry.
And so it was not long before Tathagata again left for the Earth—for he simply had to see for himself how the Dhamma had fared in the troubled world below since his death as the Buddha.
This time he was reborn as an Italian: Giordano Bruno.



::4:: (Renaissance Rome)

He had trouble breathing.
The year was 1600, the month was February, and its third Sunday had barely risen.
The procession making its way from his Nona Tower prison to the Campo dei Fiori was headed by the pike men guard followed by an enthusiastic trumpeter shooting fanfares into the air to let everyone know that Bruno, the heretic, he was approaching.
And after the trumpeter came he, secured to a donkey.
He hugged the animal’s neck with difficulty, for his arms were too short for the robust neck. He was, however, not in danger of falling off, for his jailors had ensured his embrace of the animal’s neck by wet leather straps linking his hands, straps now drying and tightening, shortening, and sending streams of pain his way. Not that he really cared, for these things are as if nothing—barely whispers of pain to come—when flames and death are only half a procession away.
His feet, too, were tied by drying straps under the beast’s belly, sending sister streams of pain up his legs and sides for him to savor.
And he had trouble breathing, for his nose was clogging with mucus and terror and the wooden block they had forced into his mouth made passage of air all but impossible.
He could not cough.
Nor could he talk.
Nor could he scream.
Each clip and each clop of donkey hooves brought him closer to death, and for a while he listened to them as if they were part of some natural clock counting down the seconds. Clip. Clop. Then he twisted his head a little to his left to see what could be seen.
What he saw was that even at this hour—the sun was not yet risen—the route was lined with the curious, the awe-struck, the grinning in relief that this was not they, tied to this donkey, heading for death.
He was naked under the large canvas they had dressed him in, a sack painted with devils and flames of hell—his eventual destination a foregone conclusion.
And beside him, easily keeping pace with the donkey clock, walked the mercy men, members of the Confraternity of San Giovanni Decollato—Saint John the Beheaded—whose task it was to stage a last ditch effort to save his soul from eternal damnation by shoving crosses under his nose and urging, begging, imploring him to repent. This was a ridiculous exercise of futility, of course, since even had he wanted to—which he did not—he couldn’t speak, could hardly move, could not even meaningfully nod his head; it was too tightly forced against the pungent hide of the ass who seemed to resent being pressed into this revolting duty—it was Sunday after all, and his rightful place this day of rest was in the fields, or in the stables, helping himself to a day-long lazy meal of grass or hay.
And here they came again, these idiots and their crosses, dancing the dance macabre to impress the abbots and priests who had gathered, too, to make sure that Filippo Giordano Bruno, also called the Nolan, did indeed suffer the ultimate indignity this morning for trying to make a fool of the Mother Church.

He knows that all will be ready for him at the Campo. The brushwood and pine logs will be piled around the stake in a gruesome welcome, soaked with fetid oils the better to burn. On arrival they will cut him free of this animal and then, unceremoniously, as if he were some thick-skinned fruit, peel him naked of this sack for all to see before they strap him to the stake and set fire to the wood, but not before making sure the wooden wedge remained secure in his mouth: for screaming is not allowed.



::5:: (Renaissance Rome)

It is said that a man can review his entire life between the moment he leaps—or is thrown—off the cliff and the moment he lands, heaping into life-departed flesh and broken bones on the ravine floor. Bruno had heard it said more than once, but had never stopped to consider it true or false.
But as the donkey grudgingly clip-clopped between the ever-thickening files of anticipating—if not salivating—celebrants, his life came rushing back and it simply made the time to be re-lived, in scope if not in detail.

When the Pope’s tribunal finally, and officially, pronounced its sentence—the dark and pendulous thing which had hung over him as an all but certainty for over seven jailed years—he nonetheless almost fainted, his knees almost buckled, his heart almost stopped. Almost, but not quite. Not the Nolan. Not to their satisfaction. Instead, he had found the will and the resources to stiffen, to gather voice and to hurl it at the asses that had the audacity to judge him—fools to a man, slaves to the dogmatically triumphant beast of ignorance and blind doctrine they all served.
Hurling it thus, with severity, loudly, clearly, “You, I can see, pronounce sentence against me with a fear greater than that with which I receive it.”
And he was pleased that even with death now a certainty, his voice had held firm and free of any trace of quiver.
It had fallen upon Flaminio Adriano, the Notary of the Inquisition, to do the final honors, the putting into words what so long had been decided by the Pope, and so by the tribunal as well; and it was not without relish that the absurdly self-important little man almost sang in high-pitched Latin from the document he held high before him for all to see:

Having invoked the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and of his most Glorious Mother Mary ever Virgin, in the cause of the aforesaid causes brought before this Holy Office between, on the one hand, the Procurator Fiscal of the said Holy Office, and on the other hand, yourself, the aforesaid Giordano Bruno, the accused, examined, brought to trial and found guilty, impenitent, obstinate and pertinacious; in this, our sentence, determined by the counsel and opinion of our advisers, the Reverend Fathers, Masters in Sacred Theology and Doctors in both laws, we hereby, in these documents, publish, announce, pronounce, sentence, and declare you, Brother Giordano Bruno, to be an impenitent heretic, and therefore to have incurred all the ecclesiastical censures and pains of the Holy Canon, the laws and constitutions, both general and particular, imposed on such confessed impenitent, pertinacious and obstinate heretics, wherefore as such we verbally degrade you and declare that you must be degraded.
And we hereby ordain and command that you shall be actually degraded from all your ecclesiastical orders, both major and minor, in which you have been ordained, according to the Sacred Canon Law; and that you must be driven forth, and we do drive you forth from our ecclesiastical forum and from our Holy and Immaculate Church of whose mercy you have become unworthy.
And we ordain and command that you must be delivered to the Secular Court, that you may be punished with the punishment deserved, though we earnestly pray that it will mitigate the rigor of the laws concerning the pains of your person, that you may not be in danger of death, or of mutilation of your members.

Cursed with nearly perfect memory, he could hear sentence drone on while little echoes confirmed and confirmed it from among the walls and windows as the little man continued his pompous singsong, and even officially washed the hands of the Holy and Immaculate Church of the fate that was to befall him; “though we earnestly pray...” what gibberish. What play-acting and pretense, since they all knew that once he was handed over to the Secular Court, the Holy Standing Order was but one: to enforce as strictly as possible “the rigor of the laws concerning the pains of your person,” and the lay court would certainly ensure that he was put in danger of death, if not, in this particular instance, of mutilation of his members.
And so, in vivid memory—as it continued to make its own time atop the donkey, the little man droned on, now taking aim at all his writings:

Furthermore, we condemn, we reprobate and we prohibit all your aforesaid and your other books and writings as heretical and erroneous, containing many heresies and errors. We ordain that all of them which have come, or may in future come, into the hands of the Holy Office shall be publicly destroyed and burned upon the Square of Saint Peter, before the steps, and they shall be placed on the Index of Forbidden Books.
And as we have commanded, so shall it be done.
And thus we say, pronounce, sentence, declare, degrade, command, and ordain, we chase forth and deliver, and we pray in this, and in every other better method and form, that we reasonably can and should.
Thus pronounce we, the Cardinal General Inquisitors, whose names subscribe this document.

And then there was silence.
Down to the last scurrying echo, gone. Silence.
The little man done braying, and now sitting down, Bruno took solace and strength from his anger, from his detestation of farce, and that kept him erect and standing, that let him find his voice, and his words, and quiver-free retort.
But within: the final traces of hope took dark wing, for now only the Pope could halt the rush of this deathly river, and Bruno knew that Pope Clement VIII would do nothing to slow, much less halt, the onrush of death, that the Pope had in fact made it abundantly clear that he wanted Bruno erased, not only from the annals and memories of the Holy Church, but from the Earth. Bruno was to die, he, the Pope, willed it so.
And so he recalled—cursed memory atop the donkey—the prediction he had made in his own De Monade so many years prior:

I fought a lot; I thought I could win, but fate and nature repressed my study and my efforts. But it is already something to be on the battlefield because to win depends very much on fortune. But I did as much as I could and I do not think anyone of the future generation will deny it. I was not afraid of death, I never gave in to anyone, I chose courageous death instead of a coward’s life.

I chose courageous death instead of a coward’s life. This was not exactly true, but a fine sentiment nonetheless, and an even finer prediction; uncanny, in fact.
For he had in fact recanted and repented and apologized and retracted as much as his conscience allowed, and he would most likely have—though now relieved that this was never actually put to that test—would most likely have retracted everything, would it have made a difference. But he had seen, known in his battered heart, that no matter what he said, no matter what he did, he would burn, so why give these asses the satisfaction. That was the truth of the matter. He saw that, acknowledged that, knowing self-deception to be man’s deepest vice.
Truthfully, courageous death was not his choice. Here, strapped to the donkey, he’d rather live, anything to live, anything to continue as the Nolan, in whatever shape or circumstance. Death was not a pleasant prospect, and he could not accept it peacefully.
And here they came again with their crosses and sanctimonious faces pleading again and again—what hypocrites!—that he would recant and so avoid the eternal flames of hell. Ah, if he could only spit.
And all this in perhaps two or three soft donkey clip-clops toward the still distant square.
:
The animal rocks a little one way, and then the other, as it lifts and then brings down yet another hoof, clip, and then another, clop, and now Mademoiselle Francoise Solanges appears: the only woman he truly loved.
And the one woman he never took to bed.
“I want your instructions to set them dreaming,” she had told him when they first met. She was referring to the girl students in her charge, which he had agreed to tutor. But Bruno, blinded and deafened by her beauty, had not registered those words and still did not hear, though she was still talking. “I want you to open a garden in which they can walk for the rest of their lives,” she said.
Finally he found the thread of her request, and then his voice, “And what makes you think I can do that, Mademoiselle?”
“Monsieur Gorbin calls you a cloud walker,” she said. “And I would like you to take my girls on a walk among them, through the blue beyond, and the stars father beyond.”
“Why?” he heard himself ask.
“They need a future of hope.”
When he looked perplexed, she laughed, and her laughter sounded to him like silver bells. Silver bells that rang as with understanding of what he had to give. And so he, too, understood.
And so he gave, as often as he could, her charges all the wonder, all the knowledge, and all the fascination he possessed; and she, often as not, would sit in a corner, listening in, smiling to him, smiling to herself. By all accounts happy with his gifts.
In the end, when he could no longer contain his love for her—for it threatened to rupture him would it not reach air; when he could no longer suppress his honest passion for this woman, he declared it, to another of her beautiful smiles and slow movement back and forth of her head. “My dearest friend,” she said, taking his warm, moist hand in her two fine and cool ones, “there is no place in my life for a man. My needs, and gifts, are different.”
“I don’t understand.”
Then, after a moment’s hesitation, she unclasped a silver chain from around her neck, and, after another brief hesitation, unfolded her hand to show him the chain and its famous medallion, marking her as, yes, he knew all about the medallion and what it meant: a Cathar.
He nodded—or, rather, felt himself nod. He did not want to understand, but he did.
Beside him, still holding his hand in hers, sat one of the few to survive the intense massacres launched by Pope Innocent III, and the subsequent and thorough extermination efforts by the Inquisition; though not thorough enough, never thorough enough. Pockets had survived. Always do.
She was one of them.
“Now I have entrusted you with my life,” she said. “For truly, I do love you.”
At that he had cried, for the first time and last time as a grown man, cried like a child cries when overcome with incomprehensible loss, for he realized that he would never possess this woman, and in that moment, counter to every one of his physical fibers, he no longer wanted to, for he, in turn, loved her too much.
He had laid his head in her lap then—child to mother, the only thing he could do to ease the pain—and she had cradled it with her hands, and perhaps she had even hummed some comforting melody or incantation, for he felt surrounded by more than tender fingers and warm cloth.

More wood shoved in his face stirred him back to the present. “Please, please, I beg of you,” said the monk holding the cross, no more than a boy, “repent. Save your soul.”
Oh, how he wished he could spit in the ugly youth’s face.
The boy—as if startled by his thought—withdrew the crude symbol and left him to his reverie.
Left him to return to Nola, his childhood town, which came rushing back, pushing aside crosses and throngs and jeers and trumpet blasts up ahead, the square drawing nearer with each clip, with each clop.

Nola, by the foot of his beloved mountain—Mount Cicala they called it; Nola, the little town gifting him its name: for he was to be known as “The Nolan.” The little town where life was lived before trouble grew too dense and clawy to be survived.
He could smell, taste even—despite wooden splinters piercing lips and cheeks and tongue—olives, chestnuts, poplars, rosemary, vines, elms, myrtle, even the earth itself out of which Cicala sprung like a vast but guarding spirit. He was running across fields with his friends, fresh wind in his face, re-living the exploits of his soldier father (always away, it seemed). And here, in this land of memory, the sun always stood high in the sky, sweeping away any cloud before it. There was no shadow upon those days. No shadow.
:
He had been a brilliant student—at least in his own estimation, though none disagreed with that assessment. But his family was poor, and there was no question of higher schooling for the bright boy. The funds were not there.
Were he to study further—something he deemed his inherent right—there was only one option: the Church. In his opinion, the far lesser of the two relevant evils.
The other, far greater evil, was to forfeit his education and settle for a menial life. Out of the question.
Thus, just turned seventeen, he also turned monk.
If only he had learned to hold his tongue well enough to actually hold it.
He was not pious, nor did he claim to be. Not even to appease his teachers, most of whom saw and accepted him for what he was: a young man ambitious for learning, for that was all they needed—in their estimation and experience—to fashion, in the end, an obedient monk, true to dogma and the Holy Church; which was all they needed to craft of youth a useful instrument.
He would, however, soon topple their complacent views for they had misjudged his desire for learning, which was by no means limited to orthodox teachings, but was a deep and irrepressible desire to know the truth; and truth, he was to realize, was not constrained by the codex of canon law and the constitutions of his order.
Seeing this, he deeply and honestly rebelled against the diktat that he adopt and exclusively subscribe not only to the Gospel truths—as found in the Good Book itself—but to every and minute interpretation of those truths by Roman authority, boringly and at length spelled out in crabbed Latin by long dead theological scholars. This is the truth, decreed his order, and there is no other, down to the very last holy inflection, comma and period.
Without variation, world without end, amen.
Not to his taste.
Oh, if only he had learned to hold his tongue.
And to tolerate stupidity.
And to hide things better.
The drop to finally overflow this cup of dissent was his illegal acquisition of Erasmus of Rotterdam’s commentaries on the works of Saint John Chrysostom and Saint Jerome. Erasmus, as he well knew, was on the Index of forbidden books, but a brother from Venice had whispered his name, had told him of truths told by Erasmus but denied by the Church, had offered to smuggle him a copy of his book and Bruno had agreed, of course, his thirst would have it no other way.
He had hid the book in one of the monastery privies, well concealed, he thought. But before too long it was found, and eventually traced to him, led there by his own stupidity: Too anxious to prevail in debates, and too eager to display his brilliance, he had taken to quote from this forbidden book—not by name, obviously, but most certainly verbatim (his excellent memory, already in evidence, had seen to that). And most certainly to the recognition of those elders who did not look upon him too kindly, for they, too, had read Erasmus, the better to expose the errors of the heretic’s views. And so, hearing young Bruno expound upon something or other with the help of Erasmus, they knew who had hidden the book in the privy.
And after that it was not long before the Prior asked to see him, again, and this time told him that the Neapolitan Inquisition had now initiated judicial process against him. He was charged with insubordination to the monastic authorities, and with heresy. He was urged to reflect long and hard upon his misdeeds.
The impatient young man reflected only briefly.
Then he fled.
:
Into years of exile.
Ever searching, ever seeing, ever finding, ever writing, ever fleeing, ever moving on when the Church hounds picked up his scent and alerted their masters to his whereabouts.

Against the irrepressible clip-clops below, the many cities parade before him, each at first a welcome, each in the end an unwelcome: Rome, Genoa, Turin, Savona, Noli, Venice, Milan, Chambery, Lyons, Geneva, Toulouse, Paris, London, Oxford, Marburg, Wittenberg, Prague, Frankfurt, where his traitor-to-be, Giovanni Mocenigo, finally reached him with his invitation to return to Venice, offering him both work and protection, which Bruno—homesick by now, and weary of constant flight—could not resist.
A few months later, Mocenigo—thirty silver pieces richer—handed him over to the Inquisition as a heretic.
Seven underfed and miserable years later. Many, many visits to the rack later. Many failed attempts to make him recant later. All these now see him tied to the back of a donkey choking on wood, and now nearing the Campo dei Fiori.

He caught the drifting song of oil drenched kindling mixed with the thirst for blood of the growing throng, of end approaching.
And still they shoved the cross in his face. Pleading, as if they had the faintest clue about what they were asking.



::6:: (Renaissance Rome)

Donkey hoofs no longer clip-clop. They have come to rest.
He can hear, and feel—in his arms, in his chest—the slow breath of the animal. He can hear the soft swish of tail, as it chased some early rising flies away. He listened to this for several heartbeats, and for a time—although he could not bend his head to see—all that took place here and now was the graceful flicking of the mule’s tail. He tried to hold on to this moment (and so many other moments like it that came rushing to the rescue), tried to make it last and last and take the place of all other moments. Then came another cross near his face, another eager to please monkish face, and here the rising susurrus of the anticipating crowd. The square then. They have arrived.
The animal chooses this moment to bray. Loudly to those nearby, louder still to Bruno, ear pressed against the braying neck, issuing the grating howls first as rumbling earth within the thick, redolent hide—he is still in two minds about whether the strong scent is comforting or disgusting—then as hissing forth through windpipe and maw, then out into air as scream.
And again, and again, as if a trumpet now, heralding arrival.
Then the animal has had its say; it is still now. Waiting, it knows not for what, but waiting. Waiting, like Bruno.
A new eternity.
Or a small bouquet of heartbeats.
Hands now, a forest of fingers trying to untie the not yet wholly dried leather thongs, trying and trying but failing to. Now a discussion, much of which eludes Bruno, but it must have to do with finding something to cut the thongs with. A knife, a sword, anything sharp enough. Suggestions are offered, attempts are made, the words “not sharp enough” are repeated by someone to his right—he can sense a priestly figure, pointing, piping (voice like an old organ) “not sharp enough” and much casting about for another implement.
More commotion, further attempts, and finally: someone brought a “sharp enough” and his compulsory grip on the donkey’s neck slips to his left as he falls to his right and someone catches him, then drops him as the same “sharp enough” severs the thong for his feet and he tumbles to the ground.
More hands and fingers among another cross. He is heaved to his feet.
The leather thongs are still welded to his wrists and ankles and he realizes he cannot feel his hands nor his feet, what blood normally comes and has lost access. Still, with the help of many hands, he stands on feet that, for all their numb silence, still seem to serve.
How long, he thinks, how long, precisely, am I for this world? Drink, he tells himself, drink what there is to drink, even if this wine be foul and painful, it is wine nonetheless and is better than no wine at all, for now he is suddenly very afraid to die, and would recant anything, everything; would assume all the sins of the world, and trade them for eternity in hell, if only he could live one more day. One more day.
The animal brays again, but this time nowhere near as loudly. Almost kindly. This time it brays for him, he thinks, a goodbye, and he looks over at the animal, but it is being led away now, all he sees is the rump and the swish of tail. Still, the bray was meant for him, this he suddenly knows and he is flooded with remorse for not loving this animal until now.
He tries again, but still cannot feel his hands. Nor his feet. Looking down he sees they are blue with trapped blood, spindly and blue and not such good instruments for standing, and so he buckles again, but this time he is caught before finding ground. Pulled up, supported now from all sides.
Other hands—many pairs, and with what eagerness—now begin pulling at his sack, his only clothing, and with many words exchanged between pullers and supporters the garment finally rises—catching first on the wooden block in his mouth, then scraping his nose and forehead—and frees itself of its charge. Tossed then he cannot see in which direction, it leaves him naked. His only clothing now the constricting leather thongs on wrists and ankles.
Now the voice again, the “not sharp enough” voice. It makes a reference to them, and an attempt is made to remove these little too-tight nooses, but after a while the voice loses patience and changes its mind and instead orders the many hands to lead him forward, toward.
Toward.
Toward the stake driven into ground for the purpose of purifying souls and now surrounded by kindling and much wood. The reek of oil rises anew as if to signal to him its willingness to burn. Toward this stake, and he cannot feel his feet touching ground. Perhaps he is lifted rather than walking, and then there is no more toward left.
Only stake.
Hands now press his back against the rough wood and twist his arms back for new thongs. He can feel, in the same manner you hear underwater, rope secure his hands and arms the far side of the bole, and someone else is making sure that his feet—which he still cannot feel, and which still, as he glances down, are blue—will not stray. So much binding for such a small man. That is his precise thought, and if the wooden block did not fill his mouth into forced rictus he would have smiled at that. Smiled, that he could still think lucid, even amusing—if not very helpful—thoughts.
They place a metal ring—fastened by a chain somewhere above him—around his neck, and—his faculties ever alert—he works out why: to keep him erect once the rope that ties him to the pole has charred and crumbled.
The ring is tight, it is more like a metal noose than a necklace. He swallows. Can. Barely. Swallows again, or tries to. His throat is too dry for a second swallow.
And so they are done. Many fingers, and parent hands, retreat. He is safely secured.
Many hands now push wood and the kindling up against him, closing the path that gained him access to this, his final spot on Earth.
A tall monk in white robes raises a Bible for him to see. Bruno looks away. The monk speaks. Bruno does not listen. The monk moves himself and the Bible into Bruno’s line of vision. Bruno looks away again, averting the detestable thing that has brought this about—though, of course, he knows the book is not to blame, but the surrounding imbeciles who—slaves to the word—know no better.
The tall monk moves again and speaks again, and again Bruno refuses to listen—turning nearly shouted words into unintelligible sounds—and refuses to look. Instead, he closes his eyes, firmly, deciding never to open them again.
Short-lived decision, for the sudden crackle of flame swings them open, morbidly curious. Smoke rises, acrid, black, oil-fed. Straight up into still morning air, and Bruno follows its rise against pale sky where curious stars still shine, wondering what on Earth?
Talking among themselves, speculating, glittering, distantly.
Beckoning?
Curious little things they are—or not so little, he reminds himself. Only distant. Distantly curious greeting the ever-thickening smoke as it rises and now begins to obscure the throng the far side of it.
Bruno looks around, a little stunned. So many. From what he can see the square is full, and none of them well-wishers. Another Bible is calling for attention, or is it the same one? He cannot tell for the ever-thickening smoke. He shuts it out and listens instead to the greedy flames, innocent in their collaboration. They know not what they are doing, though the asses in long white frocks sprouting Bibles know perfectly well. They are protecting territory, securing coffers, removing competition, is precisely what they are doing, and what they will never forgive him for pointing out.
And now he registers heat. Something—he muses, and again he wishes he could smile at his sardonic path of thought—he will soon come to know quite intimately.
Someone he had not seen or sensed approach strikes his left ankle from behind sending a sharp pain up through his calf and sings of more to come. He looks down, but has trouble seeing, then sees, no hand, no stick, no weapon, but flames. Making their way from behind they are the first to reach him, and now they lick his calves again, and then his legs, and then the chorus of pain rises into the screaming of more and more and more until he is surprised he is still alive, and still feeling, still capable of having ever more pain poured into him.
And now they rise, like and army of small yellow and red bears on their hind legs to take larger and large bites of the kindling and of the wood, and now those a-front draw near as well, as do those from the sides and now, now he can feel his hands—have the thongs burned free?
What an odd thought, and one immediately replaced by a fresh rising of searing flesh now, cornered and screaming in protest at all avenues of escape aflame.
He feels himself crumble into this searing ocean of flame, feels his knees either buckle or disintegrate, but the ring, that metal ring still intact, holds him—he was right—chokes him, though not lethally.
Perhaps it is a fact that when the roar of pain reaches a certain volume and pitch, it cannot be increased. Perhaps a body’s capacity to register can be out-pained. Once there is only pain, once every nerve screams in unison, once all there is is this roar, this pain, it reaches a point where there can be nothing more of it.
Bruno reaches this point.
It is now a pain edged by darkness, or should have been, would have been for any normal mortal, but Bruno is no mortal, and still he can think and still he thinks: screaming, on the one hand, through every cell in his body; amazed, on the other, that he still can, and still does, think.
Amazed, yes, and off now a little to the left of the pyre—the little body turning black and still trashing around like a reeking medallion at the end of the chain—Bruno watches and then—and this is a conscious thought, a knowing decision: enough. Enough. He recognizes and severs the channel of perception and no longer feels the anguish of what manner of life still fights on within the charcoaled puppet by the stake. That charcoaled, suffocating thing is not him, or his, never was. He knows with every thrash that it is no more but an unfortunate congregation of expiring cells, once his home, now but one last communal suffering.
A breeze of compassion rises then fades into yellow and red of still greedy flames as he takes his leave.
:
While the remains of what had once been known as Giordano Bruno smoldered and thrashed, his essence remained for some moments. Curious. Studying the greedy fascination of the many faces, each drinking in death with every beat of what seemed to be a collective heart. Drinking in the agony of the dying as if being in death’s presence bestowed life, bolstered their living.
He should have felt disgust, fury even, but he felt only sadness. True compassion now for the so terribly misguided need of these poor people.
For a while longer he remained, hovering above the square, until the remnants of his charred abode finally came to rest: still now in a sea of fire. Soon he could hear, as the word spread, the rising cheer: the evil is dead, the world once again made safe for us by the Holy Church. And so they began to dissipate, these poor people, ignorant beyond ignorance.
Again, he should have felt disgust, irritation, hatred even, but all the true Bruno could feel was compassion.
Then he sighed and ascended.



::7:: (Tusita Heaven)

The Tusita Heaven, which the recent Giordano Bruno was now headed back for, could do with some explaining.
The time and place we call now and here on this planet Earth of ours is, of course, not the only time nor is it the only place—as a brief glace up- and outward, especially into a night sky replete with thens and theres, will demonstrate.
Thus glancing, think then upon the light reaching you as that distant speck of light, a star perhaps, or a distant galaxy, or a group of untold numbers of galaxies, many millions of years on its way, across the cold and vast, to you.
What arrives, what you see is not now, what you see is then, just arrived. Yet, there is a distant now for that source of light, and a here as well. The now and here where someone, looking in your direction, perhaps through an very strong telescope, is wondering about the when of our local star, Sol; and whether there might be someone in its planetary system looking back at him or her or it across the cold and vast.
Wondering, guessing, but not knowing, for distance—especially of this magnitude—is a formidable fortress.
And beyond these untold theres and thens—or above, or below, or perhaps in a wholly different direction—lies elsewhen, six of them, so the story goes. Or four. Or five. It can vary, for these elsewhens do not exist unless and until someone is born into them and by residing there creates them. We here on Earth like to call these elsewhens “heavens” for in them everything is lighter, airy.
Bodies are lighter and often transparent, light is lighter and always kind. Devas are born into these realms as a reward for lives well lived, perhaps here on Earth, perhaps elsewhere. Perhaps elsewhen.
Tusita is that heaven, that elsewhen closest to Earth, where—so the same story tells—the most joyful of Devas dwell, and it is also the heaven where the Bodhisatta Setaketu lived before, some thousands of years ago, he was reborn as Siddhattha Gotama—who, as you may know, refused to rise from beneath the bodhi tree until he knew, and in that giant act of will succeeded in so knowing and became the Buddha Śākyamuni.
Those who dwell here are three thousand of our feet tall and live for 576 million years, give or take. This may sound like a lot of Deva and a lot of years, but don’t forget that when it comes to size everything is relative—dwellings and all surroundings (trees, grasses, rivers) in the Tusita Heaven are of course to scale, and no Deva thinks of himself (or herself—yes, there are female Devas, of course there are, else how could that pleasure be enjoyed, that pleasure which in Tusita is so far above and beyond what we know here on Earth as sex, as to make the diluted sensation that goes by that name seem like so much faint promise), thinks of himself or herself as three thousand feet tall. They think of themselves—as we do of ourselves—as just the right size.
All such things are relative. They probably think of us as two thousand nine hundred ninety-four feet too short. As antish.
Perhaps appropriately so.
And as for time, remember that for the spirit anything short of eternity is ephemeral.
When the Buddha Śākyamuni, Tathagata, to the happy cheer of the many Devas who welcomed him back, returned after his brief Indian spell on Earth, he assumed the Deva form and self of Natha, to enjoy a brief respite. At least that was the plan.
Natha, however, was concerned and not a little impatient. He often thought back on Earth, on his time with the Sangha, and with his friend Ananda and the other monks, and he would not let go of the love, of the compassion he felt for the place.
“Natha,” they would say, the other Devas, “Natha is troubled.”
“Natha is troubled,” Natha would agree.
“But you have so much reward,” they would point out. “So much yet to savor.”
“Things are not well with Earth,” he would answer.
“Bother yourself not with Earth now,” they would say, there is a time for that soon enough, but that time is not now.”
“That time is drawing near,” he answered, as often as not.
Then, one day, Natha was gone; leaving not as much as a trace. But they knew, these many dwellers—for they are nothing if not wise, even if a little too fond of sensual pleasures, these dwellers—they knew that Natha had returned to Earth, and had been born a man in a small Italian town called Nola.
“Probably just to take a look around,” said the Devas. “He will be back soon.”
“Probably, yes,” others agreed.
Then the Devas pondered and discussed Natha’s curious impatience for a while, but soon threw all such thoughts to the wind and returned to what they were here to do: enjoy themselves.
While Natha burned at the stake.
And now, rising, rising.
:
Below him the square grew smaller, though still stabbed by the angry plume of smoke rising from what were once Giordano Bruno and the pyre surrounding. A plume rising, too—along with him—into dissipation and lighter air.
Perhaps he should not have returned—he certainly had no taste for martyrdom; but he had to see for himself. And so he had seen: things were not well with Earth. No, far from it.
Soon the square was no longer discernable, though the plume still was, for another heartbeat of rising, maybe two, then the plume, too, was gone; and then the city, and then the big boot that was Italy, and then the small blue pebble that was Earth, all gone, vanished into black. Sol, too, now fading into a point familiar.
And rising still, or gliding perhaps, or shifting.

The gates that guard Tusita, the golden portals that mark, and serve approach and ingress, are not physical—though often described as such. In truth they are state of mind, and when you reach the proper height, Tusita gradually appears, until its fields and waterfalls and untold number of birds and trees have grown as real—nay, much more real—as anything here on Earth.
And so Giordano Bruno, shifting into Natha now as he dons his tall body of light, enters once again this wondrous place called the Tusita Heaven.
And so the others, one by one, recognizing his presence, ceased their doings and turned in wonder. Natha was returned.
“Nathadeva,” one of them addressed him. “You are back.”
Bruno now nothing but a brief glimpse at a troubled world, flickered in Natha’s eyes, as he replied, “Yes, I am back.”
“You will stay this time,” suggested a fair voice.
“No,” said Natha. “I will not stay long.”
“How long?”
“A day and a night,” Natha replied. “No longer.”
“Let us take leave properly this time,” said another.
Natha did not answer this. Instead he sat down, folded his new and nimble body into the perfect lotus and reflected upon his first visit some two thousand years earlier, then upon his recent visit, upon what he had seen, then upon what he now had to do, and how.
Seeing him thus, the other Devas withdrew, not a little awed. For they were, all of them, parched for the water of sensation, and could not fully grasp the strength of Natha who did not seem to care about such things, or about enjoying all those things he had earned by such good deeds.
Leaving him, they returned to their fields, their seas, their skies and there danced the day and the night before they returned to see Nathadeva off, properly this time. But when they arrived at where they had left him, he was nowhere to be found.
:
During his perfect stillness Natha faded into the familiar garment of Tathagata, and once so draped he envisioned as well as he could the task that lay before him, below him—the crusted earth, the tortured planet rushing, clearly in his view, toward self-destruction.
Toward Tusita dawn, not quite a terrestrial year before he was to return as Ruth Marten, Tathagata’s thoughts turned to Ananda.



::8:: (Tusita Heaven)

My thoughts turn to Ananda. I remember him fondly.
What set him apart—aside from his dedication both to me and to his own emancipation—was his prodigious memory. He remembered everything I said, every discourse I held; and should he miss one, for any reason—which usually meant that I had sent him on some errand or other, he had made me promise to repeat it privately to him on his return so that he may hear and so remember it for posterity.
He was the Holder and Guardian of my teachings, the Dhamma.
In fact, the Earth has Ananda to thank that the Pali Canon exists today. But for him, my teachings would have been lost or hopelessly altered and perverted by now.
But he was more than that. He was also my closest friend and companion over many, many lifetimes, both in the human and animal realms, as well as in the Deva heavens. We were seldom, if ever, apart; and if we were, it was only for an occasional lifetime. Then we would find each other again, and set out for adventure anew.
Through all this time as Bodhisatta, my destiny was always clear: to enlighten the world as to Truth, as to Dhamma—and so was Ananda’s. He had long ago chosen to do what he could to help me, and so, by his own choosing, he shouldered that destiny as well.
Thus he became Tathagata’s personal attendant for over twenty-five years in those far away Indian days, and he mourned my physical passing—and return to Tusita—more deeply than any other.
Feeling perhaps that his destiny had now been fulfilled, Ananda did not follow me to the Tusita heaven upon his own Parinibbana, but took a different path. The grieving Ananda by my deathbed was the last I saw of him.

And now that I am soon to return to Earth, I wonder where he is, my always friend and companion. For I could use his help again.



::9:: (Ancient India)

Buddhist Legend has it that Ananda also, like Tathagata, descended to Earth from Tusita Heaven. This is not so.
Ananda—as karmic reward for much accumulated merit in service of the Bodhisatta—had, before again joining the Buddha—spent his last two lives in the Nimmanarati Heaven, where he, like so many other devas on this plane, had enjoyed his arts (for at heart he was a musician) and delighted in his creations.
The Legend—being legend, after all—is not clear on precisely how Tathagata got word to Ananda from Tusita that it was time to return, that the darkness of the world had reached such depth that they could not tarry longer, but word was given and word was received.
The truth is that Ananda was not so pleased to hear from his old friend just then. He was mid-symphony, a two-year long multi-colored and many-harmonied tribute to creation itself, mirroring, to the best of his recollection and abilities, the descent of the potential of life into life itself.
In fact, he was—if only briefly—tempted to feign deafness, or ignorance, or absence, anything to allow him to work his creation to conclusion. And had he not already promised to perform this symphony once finished? It would not do to break promises, now would it?
This line of reasoning, however, did not sit well with his conscience, for he had already, and priorly, promised Tathagata to return to Earth when Tathagata deemed the time was right; and now he deemed it so, though it could hardly have been more ill-timed, by Ananda’s reckoning.
Still, a prior promise is a prior promise, and so Ananda—in synchronized cessation of a million energies in as many vibrations—dissolved his symphony into the nothing it had sprung from and then left Nimmanarati for India.
:
Ananda’s father, Amitodana, was the brother of Suddhodana, the Buddha’s father—both of the royal warrior caste family of the Sakyans, so they were—in an act of beautiful synchronization—to be first cousins this life.
And not only that: they were born on the same day, Siddhattha Gotama and he; Ananda in Kapilavatthu—where they were to grow up together—and Siddhattha in Lumbini, in a garden beneath a Sal tree, where his mother, Queen Maha Maya, on her way to her father’s kingdom to give birth according to Sakyan tradition, were to rest for the night. For that was the night Siddhattha (and so, too, Ananda) decided to arrive.
Siddhattha’s birth was quite an occasion, sages and seers from all over arrived to pay homage and predict futures. Of all the holy men that foretold Siddhattha’s life, however, only one, Kondanna, got it unequivocally right: this boy, he said, will become a Buddha.
Kondanna’s prediction, however, did not sit well with the Buddha’s father, king Suddhodana, who preferred to believe the predictions of the remaining lot of holy men, all of whom gave Siddhattha a fifty-fifty future of growing up to be either a great king, or a great holy man; the king’s preference coming down on the side of “great king.” Queen Maya, however, wished with all of her heart that Siddhattha would indeed become a great holy man, if not a Buddha.
Unfortunately, Queen Maya, did not live to see her wish come true, she died within the week of Siddhattha’s birth; welcomed to Tusita by many a deva singing her praises.
:
He lived a sheltered life, did Gotama Siddhattha, much too sheltered for Ananda’s liking—for he always had to go to the palace to visit him, since he would never leave his luxurious seclusion to see Ananda, and would never accompany Ananda on his expeditions into the fields and forests surrounding Kapilavatthu.
Strange.
And stranger still: his uncle Suddhodana had told him, and in no uncertain terms, that Ananda was not to, under any circumstances, describe or even mention to Siddhattha anything about life in the city or surrounding country, unless—and only if—it was to tell his son how beautiful the city and its land was, and how happy its people.
Siddhattha was to become king, and his mind and heart were not to be sullied by the mundane, is how Ananda’s father explained this to him when one day Ananda asked. And being a good son, a good cousin, and a good nephew, Ananda complied, and would never—although Siddhattha at times asked—demean the city or the country, but would always, and quite cleverly, either praise their beauty or steer the conversation back to the palace and its grounds and the many places to rest or hide or eat or enjoy the blessings of the sun.
Ananda, and many others, carried out the concealment so well that Siddhattha spent his first twenty-nine years well shielded from the mundane.
A true prince, he was.
At twenty-nine, however, Siddhattha had had his fill of secluded luxury and insisted (and not for the first time; in fact, this was the third time) that his father let him leave the palace and visit his subjects.
Give me a week, said his father, though not in so many words. What he said was, “Uposatha,” meaning the next full moon, a week away.
And a busy week it was for his father who ordered a massive all-hands on deck to clear large parts of the city—those along Siddhattha’s path—of any sign of misery, that’s to say, any trace of age, sickness, or suffering; sights unsuitable for the prince and king-to-be.
In fact, considering the time constraint, they did a remarkable job, for riding down the prescribed route (which Suddhodana insisted Siddhattha take—that and none other) all the prince saw was young, healthy, smiling faces, greeting their prince.
“You are right, this is a beautiful city,” said Siddhattha to Ananda who came along for this ride. “It’s all like the palace, though larger.”
Ananda, biting his tongue, agreed.
At the end of the prescribed route, however—where they were meant to turn around—Siddhattha spotted a multi-colored fountain through the foliage to his right and asked his charioteer Channa to go there.
When Channa did not answer, or show any indication of carrying out the prince’s wishes, Siddhattha asked again. “Channa, take us to that fountain.” Now pointing to it.
Again Channa remained ear-less, and instead focused all his attention on some problem with the reins, or was it his hands?
“Channa,” said Siddhattha. “Why do you ignore my request?”
Channa, being almost as much a father to Siddhattha as Suddhodana, finally answered. “By the King’s wish.”
“What is the King’s wish?”
“That we travel to this place, then turn and travel back.”
“This is well and good, Channa,” said Siddhattha. “But my wish is to take a closer at that fountain.” And with that Siddhattha stepped off the chariot and said, “Ananda. Follow me.”
Thus it came to be that Siddhattha, at age twenty-nine, for the first time in his life encountered old age, for resting by the beautiful fountain, wrapped in a much-washed light-blue sari, was an eighty-eight year old woman, as bent and wrinkly and toothless a thing as you’d ever see, smiling up at the prince, all tongue, thin lips and gum.
Siddhattha, at first repulsed, but soon more curious than repelled, looked more closely at the woman and said to her, “Why have you no teeth?”
“I have not had teeth for one hundred and twenty moons,” answered the old woman.
“Why is that?” asked Siddhattha.
“Why?” The woman did not seem to understand the question.
“Yes.”
The woman looked long at the prince—as if to determine whether or not he was dream—before her gaze slipped past him to Channa, now approaching with horses and chariot. Ananda and Siddhattha both turned at the sound of hoofs and wheel.
“My prince,” said Channa. “We need to return.”
“Not until she answers my question,” said Siddhattha.
“What question is that?” wondered Channa.
“The Prince wants to know why an old woman has no teeth,” said the old woman, as if the question was too foolish even to acknowledge. As if the prince had asked her why spoons fall to the ground when dropped.
Channa said something to his horses, who came to rest, and then, snorting importantly—one white and one black, beautiful steeds both—appeared to scrutinize the old woman as well.
“And what do you answer,” said the Prince.
“An old woman answers that the Prince is mocking her,” she said.
“The Prince,” said the Prince, who felt impatience rise, but reined it in, “is not mocking an old woman. The Prince does not know the answer and seeks it. Or he would not waste air to ask.”
Again, the old woman looked at the prince for a long, silent spell filled with soft splashing of water and impatient scraping of hoofs. Then she looked at Ananda, Channa, and the two horses in turn, as if they might help explain to her this strange, royal question.
Finally she said, realizing that Siddhattha in fact did not know, “Leaves turn golden and red in the autumn, leave their branches and fall to the ground. Teeth are no different.”
“But you are not a tree,” said the Prince.
“No,” said the old woman. “But I have my seasons.”
“But it is spring,” said Siddhattha.
“Not for me,” she answered. “My spring was many many moons ago. I have lived a long life, and my autumn even is soon past, for winter knocks on my door.”
Then she added, as if instructing a child, “I am an old woman. This is what happens to old women. To all women, to all men.”
“Ananda,” said the prince, turning to his friend. “Is this true?”
Ananda did not answer, but Channa said, “It is true, my prince.”

Once they returned to the palace, Siddhattha asked that Ananda stay with him, which he gladly did. Naturally, Ananda had expected many questions from his friend, but this was not the reason the prince wanted his company, for he asked no questions, and said little else. He simply wanted his friend nearby.
And wanted him by his side the next morning, when the prince stirred Ananda from sleep even before the sun bruised the sky.
“Ananda, wake.” A strong hand on his shoulder, a gentle shake.
“What is it?” A tired Ananda getting his bearings.
“Take me back to the fountain.”
Ananda came all awake. “Shall I tell Channa?”
“No, we walk.”
“But the King,” began Ananda.
“We walk,” said Siddhattha, in so princely a way that it brooked no argument.
And so they walked. They stole out of the palace, and they walked.
Perhaps Siddhattha had more questions for the old woman, and perhaps he had expected to find her there, but she was gone. In her stead sat an old man, leprous arms twisted into a permanent plea, and fingerless hands forming a mockery of a bowl . “Please, Sir,” said the old man, revealing two dark teeth.
Again, Siddhattha was first repulsed by this sight, but curiosity soon rose the larger. “What happened to you?” he asked.
“Please, Sir,” repeated the leper, motioning his make-believe hand-bowl toward the Prince.
Siddhattha had brought nothing to give, but Ananda had, and dropped a small piece of silver into the permanently cupped palms.
“Thank you, Sir,” said the leper.
“What happened to you?” asked Siddhattha again.
“What do you mean, Sir?”
“What happened to your arms, and your legs, and your hands?”
The leper did not understand. He looked down at his hands to see if some strange change had beset and perhaps healed them, but he found them as damaged as always. He then looked at Ananda, perhaps he could explain such a strange question.
For the third time, Siddhattha asked, “What happened to you?”
“You mock me,” said the leper.
Siddhattha turned to Ananda, and Ananda knew what question was coming. “No,” he said. “As the old woman was not, nor is this leper mocking you.”
“Leper?” said Siddhattha.
“Yes.”
“Have you never seen such as one as me?” said the leper.
“No,” said Siddhattha, “I have not.”
“You must have lived a very sheltered life,” said the leper, “for we are no strangers to the world.”
Siddhattha looked at Ananda again, then back to the leper. “Yes,” said Siddhattha, “I believe I have.”

The way back to the palace led by the river, where a small gathering of solemn people were placing a corpse upon a pyre. Ananda saw this first, and tried to steer his friend away from the banks, but then Siddhattha saw the funeral rite, too, and would not be led aside. Instead, he wanted a closer look. What could Ananda do? Princely wishes reign supreme.
Arrived at the pyre, Siddhattha looked down at the very still man, dressed in fresh linen, decorated with newly cut, still fragrant yellow and white flowers.
Two women sang a soft hymn, while the men prepared the fire, and soon the base of the pyre was speaking its own language of snaps and sparks. Smoke rose, and the edge of new linen that had unfolded caught fire with a hiss.
Siddhattha, stunned by the sight, could not take his eyes of the face that did not react at all to so much warm strangeness.
“What is wrong with him?” asked the Prince.
The little congregation—having recognized the Prince—did not know whom he was addressing, perhaps the Prince did not either. None answered.
Until Ananda did. “He is dead, Siddhattha.”
“Dead?”
“Yes, Siddhattha. The body ages, sickens, then dies. It is what time does to life.”
The prince did not answer. Instead he looked from Ananda back to the corpse, now beginning to smolder under the onslaught of flame, befouling the smoke with strange odors speaking of what once was but no longer.
They made their way back to the palace in silence, Siddhattha, now dark of eye and of mind, much consumed by what he had seen.

Within sight of the palace the two friends were approached by a thin, smiling man, dressed in a clean but much worn robe, alms-bowl in hand.
Noticing Siddhattha, the man said, “You seem troubled, friend.”
Siddhattha looked down into the most tranquil face he had ever seen.
“I am,” answered the Prince.
“Tell me,” said the ascetic.
“Yesterday,” said Siddhattha, “I saw an old woman. This morning I saw a leper. And just now I saw a corpse.”
“Yes,” said the smiling man, and nodded. “Yes.” Then said no more.
When Siddhattha, too, would not find words, the smiling man briefly touched the Prince’s shoulder, then walked away, still as tranquil a presence as Siddhattha had ever seen.
The two men watched the ascetic—who never once looked back—walk away. Finally Siddhattha asked, “Who was that?”
“He is a holy man, an ascetic,” said Ananda.
“He seems not concerned about anything.”
When Ananda said nothing, Siddhattha added, “And untroubled.”
“That is their way.”
“That is my way,” said the Prince after a brief silence.
:
Thus it came to pass that at the age of twenty-nine Siddhattha Gotama, the once-to-be heir of a small, but prosperous kingdom, took a long and meaningful look at the palace, at his wife, at his son, at his father the King, at the beauty of the gardens, at the abundance that did its very best—but failed—to cover up the underlying and much larger truth: things are born, they grow, they decline, and pass away. And he saw that there is no hiding this truth under any manner of ease. He saw that there is no hiding from it, no escaping it.
And at seeing this, the palace life struck him as confining, as one large lie, which he could no longer abide. That day he told Suddhodana that he was leaving. He would pursue the life of an ascetic, to seek a permanent truth.
No manner of pleading, promises, nor even threats would change his mind.
He asked Ananda if he would join him, but Ananda declined. Although he was sympathetic to Siddhattha’s decision, there was much he had yet to do and accomplish that he could not abandon.
“As you will,” said Siddhattha. “Perhaps we’ll meet again.”

And so, early one morning Siddhattha slowly opened the door to his wife’s chamber, where his child slept as well, and from the doorway took one long last glimpse at them, knowing full well that if he woke them to say goodbye, he would likely not be able to leave, he loved them too much. Instead he blew two kisses in their direction, one for his wife, and one for his son, then turned away and left he palace.
The sun had yet to rise.
:
Eight years later, his commitments now fulfilled, Ananda—along with his half-brother Anuruddha, as well as Devadatta and several other Sakyan nobles—set out to join Siddhattha, catching up with him at Savatthi in Jeta’s Grove, Anathapindika’s Park.
The now enlightened one could not have been more pleased. Seeing his old friend approach from a distance, he halted his discourse, rose, and strode to greet him.
“And so we meet again,” said the Buddha after asking Ananda to rise, and embracing him.

Eighteen years later, when they were both fifty-five years old, the Buddha called a meeting of the monks and declared: “In my twenty years as leader of the Sangha, I have had many different attendants, but none of them has really filled the post perfectly; again and again some willfulness has become apparent. Now I am fifty-five years old and it is necessary for me to have a trustworthy and reliable attendant.”
Several of the noble disciples offered their services, but the Buddha, while thanking them all, declined their offers. Then he looked to Ananda, who had held back modestly, and asked him to volunteer.
This—being the Buddha’s wish—Ananda then did, and would for the rest of the Buddha’s life remain his constant companion, attendant, and helper.
The two friends were truly together again.
:
Not long after Ananda had accepted and assumed the role of the Buddha’s attendant, they arrived—along with three hundred some monks—at Kusinara, in the Mallas’s Sal-grove. After taking evening tea and briefly discussing one or two issues concerning the Sangha, the Buddha told Ananda he wanted to retire for the day.
When Ananda did not answer right away, Siddhattha took a closer look at his friend, and in his face recognized a budding question, held in check by consideration for the Buddha’s wish to retire.
“What is it, Ananda?”
“Can I ask you a question?”
“Of course, Ananda. What is it?”
Ananda hesitated a while longer, as if weighing whether to burden the Enlightened One with his concern.
“Ask me,” said Siddhattha.
Ananda drew breath, and then said, “Venerable Sir. For over eighteen years I have faithfully practiced the Dhamma. Under your tutelage I have practiced higher training. For over eighteen years no sensual perception has arisen in me, no desire, no perception of hate has arisen in me. Yet, I have not reached arahanthood.
“If I, your faithful servant, your vessel and Guardian of the Dhamma, have yet to land on the arahant shore, have yet to see Nibbana after these eighteen years, how long is not the road for the ignorant farmer, the jealous mistress, the greedy merchant?
“And with so many beings in the world, with so much suffering, is our task truly possible?”
Siddhattha Gotama did not answer right away. Perhaps because Ananda’s doubt—if doubt it was—resonated dimly within himself, or perhaps because he was not sure how to frame the answer. Then he spoke:
“Friend. This is a universe of plenty. Still, given time, you can empty the ocean with a spoon. It is only a matter of quantity.”
“It is a large ocean.”
“Yes, Ananda. It is vast. Yet this ocean can only be emptied drop by drop.”
“It is possible then?”
“Yes. Drop by drop.”



::10:: (Still River)

In the stillness Ananda hears the silent wondering of Tathagata, soon to be Ruth Marten. Soon to set forth again from Tusita Heaven.
And in the same stillness, he answers him: “I am here, Tathagata. In this cabin. At this keyboard. Dreaming your new arrival into being.”
Tathagata asks: “Where is here, Ananda?”
“Here is a small town by a river.”
“What is it called, this small town?”
“It is called Still River. It is a clearing in the large forests of the north-western United States, in the state of Idaho. Not far from Canada.”
“What are you doing there?”
“I listen, I understand, and I take good notes. And what are you doing, Tathagata?”
“I am preparing to return.”
“I gathered as much. When are you coming?”
“I will be born on the fourth of January next year.”
“This is certain?”
“Yes, Ananda, I am certain.”
“Where are you now?”
“I am in the Tusita heaven.”

Ananda leaned back, and read the laptop display of what he had just written. Then he saved the document, arose, and went into his small kitchen: it was time for his morning apple.
Chewing each bite well, to make the small, sweet meal last, and looking out the window, out at the trees and still river below though seeing none of this, Ananda recalled, again, Tathagata’s passing and the terrible void that had threatened to drown him in grief despite his clear vision that this was precisely what the grief meant to do.

But Ananda did not drown, instead he gathered himself and rose. Now that Tathagata had gone, only one mission remained: to preserve the Dhamma.
That, and to see to his own liberation.
Once the funeral ceremonies were over, Ananda went to his friend Kassapa—an arahant these many year—and asked him for advice.
“We must gather soon to recite the Dhamma,” Kassapa said. “But before then, you must attain arahanthood. Go to the Kosala forest, live, dwell, and meditate in solitude there. Find me once you’ve found liberation.
Ananda did as Kassapa suggested, but word soon spread that the Buddha’s attendant was living nearby, and before long Ananda was inundated with visitors.
Day and night Ananda would console lay disciples about the Buddha’s passing, and he rarely, if ever, had a moment to himself.
As legend has it, a forest deity, concerned about Ananda’s spiritual progress and seeing how he could never attend to himself, advised him to take himself deeper into the forest, beyond reach of the many, and focus entirely upon his own enlightenment.
Ananda, agreeing with the deity that, yes, something must be done, took this advice and disappeared deep into the forest.
Even now, however, left to himself, and while meditating constantly with only a few hours a sleep a day, Ananda could not overcome his lasts cankers and attain arahanthood.
He was nearing despair when a messenger from Mahakassapa, now the leader of the Sangha, found him to say that Mahakassapa had called the council of monks to recite and strengthen the Dhamma. Ananda was to come, but only if he had attained arahanthood.
“Where?” asked Ananda.
“In Rajagaha.”
“When?”
“By the next full moon.”
The fading sliver in the western sky told Ananda that this was only a little over two weeks away.
“What if I don’t reach the other shore?” asked Ananda.
“Then don’t come,” said the monk.
“But I am the Guardian of the Dhamma.”
“Then come.” With that the monk bowed and turned.
Ananda now saw that he must attain arahanthood, not only for himself, but for the sake of the Dhamma, and with renewed urgency he thrust himself into the task with a resolve equal to the Buddha’s own.
So it was that the day before the first council of Buddhist monks, Ananda through supreme urgency and clarity of eye finally severed the final strands that anchored him to samsara—the seemingly endless cycle of birth and rebirth—to finally reach Nibbana for himself.
Legend has it that Ananda, in order to demonstrate to one and all that he was indeed an arahant and so was to be admitted, arrived at the council through the air.
He was admitted.
The next many months saw, first, Upali—the Guardian of the Vinaya, the Sangha Rules as laid down by the Buddha—recite the Vinaya to the council, after which Ananda was asked to recite the Dhamma—now consisting of the Sutta Pitaka—the basket of Suttas, the Buddha’s teachings. Individual portions of both the Vinaya and the Dhamma were assigned among the five hundred monks attending, each charged with the duty to commit to memory his portion of the Vinaya or the Dhamma. Thus it was that by the end of the council, the entirety of both the Vinaya and the Dhamma lived within the memory of not only Upali and Ananda, but of the council as well, and would from there on be passed down, monk to monk for over five hundred years before the Dhamma and Vinaya were finally committed to written Pali.
Ananda, now satisfied that the Dhamma would survive, himself lived for another forty years, always available to be consulted about the Dhamma, always there to reinforce and strengthen it in the memory of the Sangha.
He lived to be 120 years old.

But upon his death, he did not follow the Buddha to the Tusita heaven, not right away. Instead, in order to do what he could to guard the Dhamma, he chose rebirth instead, and spent many a lifetime in and around the Indian, Chinese and Japanese Sangha, never letting on who he was, always helping, seeing, however, that despite his best efforts, the Dhamma was gradually altered by embellishment, interpretation, forgetfulness, and opinion. Also, he himself grew less aware lifetime to lifetime—for that is the curse of Earth—and in the end, over two thousand years later, it was only by the help of several Devas that he finally arrived in the Tusita heaven, only to then find that Tathagata had just left, and was now back on Earth, wearing Giordano Bruno.
Ananda waited a while for Tathagata’s return and then waited some more, but impatient and restless now he soon, despite the danger, left Tusita again in search of his friend.

For yes, there is definite danger. Earth is not a light adventure, not a safe place to visit.
He remembers leaving Tusita in search for Bruno. He remembers the blue and white of Earth, and approaching its surface. He remembers being met there by a forest of miasmal fingers looking for hairline rifts in his armor. He remembers fighting them off, but they were to many, and too successful and so managed to enter and to seep him in forgetting, in bright lusting, in many darknesses. Then he remembers no more.
So it was that Ananda lost sight, not only of Tathagata, but of himself.

Finally, on a cold October evening sixty-odd years ago, he caught a fresh glimpse of the way things are, just as he was about to enter his current abode: then a soon-to-be-born male. Catching this glimpse checked him long enough to not enter that body pre-birth, but to wait and let the blinding pain and its many forgettings wash over the arriving infant, sans Ananda. Better that way, oh, so much better.
:
And so, in this current life Ananda again remembered.
All through those toddler years in northern Sweden, raised by aging and white-haired (as well as husbandless—one lost to death, the other to a dash for freedom) grandmothers as much as by parents. Winters, long and cold at those latitudes, filled his lungs with clean, crisp air, though also with the dying screams of another World War just ended, pain still lingering in the atmosphere, falling like invisible flakes to the Earth.
His maternal grandmother feared “The Russian” more than the Devil, and informed the young Ananda (who was not named Ananda then, but that is another story) often, and convincingly, that it was just a matter of time, and not very much of it, before Sweden was overrun by hungry, baby-eating, devil-worshipping, mother-and-child raping Russians.
Ananda used up much salt growing up, many grains.
Whatever mysterious dealings kept his parents in the southern part of the country while he remained up north eventually sorted themselves out and Ananda was then not so much collected, as cargoed by train to a waiting mother at Stockholm station. Four years old then, and bemused. Where was Tathagata? He calculated, by Earth years, Bruno was nearly five hundred years dead, surely Tathagata was back in Tusita by now.

When the rules of the Earth were written one of them said that once you adopt a body, you must not kill it, and you must stay with it until its natural demise; meaning: Ananda now had some living to do.
He stayed with his parents in Stockholm for a year or so, before they moved south to a small town where he had the worst handwriting of any first or second grader two years running. His inky, scribbled pages were held up by well-meaning (or not so well-meaning) teachers as short, visual cautionary tales and as warnings: if you don’t practice boys and girls, this is what you might end up with; this to many shocked oohs and aahs, especially from impressionable six and seven year old females. Ananda, rightly, took offense, and to get even never did acquire a legible hand; it was not until the invention of the computer and its smoothly cooperative keyboard that he felt empowered to communicate in writing with the world.
When he was eight, Ananda’s family—now including a small sister—moved north again, though not all the way to that land targeted by the evil Russian. Still, north enough. Winters were cold and starry, summers cool with as much sun as rain. All in all, several pleasant years in which to grow.
So pleasant, in fact, that there were times that Ananda chose to forget who he was and fell in with the identity of his current garment. For he had always had a sweet spot for the arts, especially music, and the 1960s shaped up as a very special time, music-wise, what with the Beatles and all those who rode into prominence on their coattails, and what with the growing use of mental stimulants like cannabis, something Ananda tried and soon got very used to.
Perhaps he could wait until next life to look for Tathagata. This was too much fun. And in all this fun Ananda drowned. For three years, as a late teenager now living alone in Stockholm, Ananda did little else than reveled in cannabis-magnified music. Almost as good as Nimmanarati Heaven, what little of it he glimpsed now and then in what had to be dream, surely.
But all things are impermanent, and his delight in the nearly boundless freedom to imbibe and listen did wear thin, and slowly the true Ananda began to percolate to the surface, arriving one raining morning with a rush of insight that almost blinded the twenty-year old boy.
Looking back years later, Ananda knew it had been a close call. He could as easily have drowned as risen. But he didn’t drown, he did rise, and in that rising awoke again to the reason for his visit: to find Tathagata.

Many years later, he knew Tathagata was not on Earth; he had scoured it and would have recognized him had he been here.
Then, at his keyboard in his little cabin one morning, the call. As clear as any voice whispered in stillness, the wondering of Tathagata: “Ananda. Where are you?”
:
“I waited for you,” Ananda said. “In Tusita. I waited for you. When I was no longer sure you would return, I returned to Earth.”
“I know,” said Tathagata.
“And now you, too, are coming.” It wasn’t a question.
“Yes, Ananda, I will soon arrive.”
“Where?”
“In a place called Pasadena.”
“I know of it.”



::11:: (Ancient India)

The following morning Ananda, who had not slept much in the night, asked the Buddha: “Venerable Sir, you said last night that the ocean can only be emptied drop by drop. Why is this?”
The Buddha nodded that he had heard. Thoughtfully, he finished his morning meal of rice and mango, then handed the empty bowl to his friend. “Sit down here, Ananda,” he said, sweeping his open hand over the ground to his right, “and I will tell you.”
Ananda put the Buddha’s empty bowl aside, and sat down. You could hear the murmur of myriad morning tasks among the Sangha a little distance away and the morning calls of many birds. The scent of dew and many plants rose to fill his nostrils as he focused all mindfulness upon the answer to come—for as with all other things the Buddha said, he had to remember it verbatim: he was the Gatherer and Guardian of the Dhamma.
“Kings and rulers make laws,” began the Buddha. “Such laws are made for groups of men and women. Such laws are like tethers which rein and prod and steer from without. Thus you can prod and steer manifold beings, a city, a society, but you cannot wake them.
“In truth, Ananda, only the being himself, or herself, can wake the being—and only from within.
“Men’s laws are like walls or fences which contain the herd, and keep it from straying. They are like the banks or levees of a river to guide its course or prevent its overflowing.”
“We have many rules for the Sangha,” said Ananda. “Many banks.”
“These are to keep the bhikkhu from straying,” said the Buddha. “And to calm him so that he, guided by his own pure light, may still his mind and see himself clear to awakening.”
“There is, then, no way to scoop the ocean?” said Ananda, still privately despairing at the uncountable number of drops to be emptied, one by one.
“Laws are like scoops, they apply to the many. Awakening happens drop by drop.”
After a brief silence, Ananda asked, “How are we to reach so many?”
Tathagata did not answer at first. Instead he looked up at the sky, at the golden ribbons of cloud, then over at the Sangha, busy preparing for their morning alms-gathering. Then he turned to his friend and said:
“I reach you and one more. You and one more reach two each. The two each reach two each.”
“But some sleep so deeply.”
“Most sleep so deeply,” said the Buddha.
“How are we to reach them?”
“With metta. With compassion. With patience.”
“And with the Dhamma?”
“And with the Dhamma,” confirmed the Buddha.
“It will be a long journey,” said Ananda.
“It will last as long as there is time to last it.”
“Please explain.”
“When the last drop leaves the ocean, there will be no ocean. There will be no time.”
“Only Nibbana?”
“Only Nibbana.”
“I understand,” said Ananda.



::12:: (Tusita Heaven)

I hear Ananda reply from his little cabin among the trees, as he dreams my return into being in short spurts of pleasant keyboard clicks. A writer now, ensconced in his little town, writing and waiting, and now listening—and hearing—as well.
I have found him. And I have found him in good time. I know what to ask.
“Ananda,” I say.
“Tathagata,” he answers.
“How far is Still River from Pasadena?”
“A thousand some miles.”
“Can you come?”
“Of course.”
“Can you come now?”
“Of course. But why now? You are yet to be born.”
“I want you to befriend her.”
“Her?”
“My mother. Her name is Melissa. She needs a friend. Someone she can trust.”
“She has a husband, surely?”
“Of course.”
“Then why me?”
It is a good question, but the truth is that I see an unreliable father in my future. “Her husband is not her friend. He will not do,” I answer.
“Will not do for what?”
“Will not do for my arrival. For my rearing.”
“I see.”
“Go to her now that she will know you well before I arrive.”
‘How?” Ananda asks, with another rush of soft clicks.
“Go there,” I say. “We will think of the best approach as you drive.”



::13:: (Ancient India)

Toward evening the following day, Ananda brooding still and not saying much, the Buddha said, “You have other questions, Ananda. What are they?”
Ananda nodded, yes, he had other questions. At least one:
“How many oceans are there in the universe, Tathagata?”
“There are as many oceans in the universe as there are drops in our oceans.”
Ananda, for all his usual equanimity appeared—was, in fact—shocked. But still he dared to ask, “And each drop has to waken from within?”
“Yes.”
“How many universes are there?”
“Many.”
“We will never be done,” said Ananda, his voice broken by despair.
The Buddha smiled. “Never is a very long time, Ananda.”
“Some drops sleep very deeply and will take many lives to stir.”
“True.”
“Many drops are animals now, many more are plants. They each have perhaps a thousand lives to live before they are born human and so can even begin to walk this path.”
“True.”
“Are we to wake them all?”
The Buddha looked at his friend, then toward the setting sun. He then gazed up into the oncoming darkness, now scaling the sky from the east. He then looked at Ananda and lowered himself to the ground.
“Sit, Ananda,” he said.
Ananda complied.
Then the Buddha said: “We are not to wake them all. They are all to wake themselves.”
Ananda felt that perhaps his friend and teacher was using a very fine sword to split his words. “They cannot wake on their own,” he said. “We need to help them.”
“My task, Ananda, is to formulate and finalize the Dhamma,” answered the Buddha. “Your task is to remember it and pass it on. That is all we can do. The rest is up to each drop of animal, plant, human, asura, or deva.”
“But with no one to stir them, perhaps they never will. Perhaps they will stay asleep.”
“There is no such thing as permanent sleep.”
“But there is such a thing a deep and very long sleep?”
“Yes, Ananda, there is.”
“Is it enough, then?”
“What do you mean?”
“Is the Dhamma, and passing it on down dawning ages, sufficient? Will life recover?”
“What choice do we have?”
“I don’t know.” Again, Ananda’s voice cracked with a compassion that bordered despair.
“We can only point, Ananda. Each drop has to do its own seeing, its own walking, its own arriving.”
“But you stir so many with your words.”
“As do you.”
“But you grow older each day and Parinibbana awaits you.”
The Buddha did not answer right away. Instead he shifted, and looked up again at the darkening sky, stars beginning to emerge. “I will return,” he said finally.
“But you are fully enlightened.”
“Yes.”
“There is no return from Parinibbana.”
“I will return,” said the Buddha again.
“Then,” said Ananda after some silence, “So will I.”



::14:: (On the road)

It took Ananda a few days to arrange everything. Finding someone to keep an eye on the cabin, not that it needed much looking after. A full service of his car—best to be safe, it was a long drive. Then packing for not quite sure how long he would stay, not that he had many things to pack.
He set out early one morning in June, heading south on the I-95.
Tathagata had spoken no more, and there was a small voice within that suggested—more like a suggestion of a suggestion—that perhaps he had dreamed him. But a larger part of him knew, as if by the timbre of Tathagata’s voice-less voice, that his friend and mentor, his Buddha, had found him and called upon him again to help.
Towns marched past the road; some small—barely a gathering of houses to his right, others large enough to sport tall motel signs and arrows pointing to swift and very unwholesome foods.
Another town—mainly to his left this time, another motel—no, two—and three more gasoline stations. He checked his fuel gauge just to make sure: plenty to go. His little car gave him nearly forty miles for each gallon of gasoline, and on longer trips, like this, even more. He liked his little car, had even named it. Frugal, he called it, for obvious reasons. Happily Frugal. It had been a prudent purchase.
And then, it was just past a town called Ontario, Tathagata spoke again.
“You are on your way, then?”
“Yes.”
“How long before you arrive?”
“Two days.”
“This is good, Ananda.” Then Tathagata said, “I have given this some thought.”
“About how we do this?”
“Yes.”
“And?”
“You are a writer, Ananda.” Not really a question.
“Yes.”
“Mainly fiction, but some non-fiction?”
“Yes.”
“Good. This book will be non-fiction. It is about first-time mothers.”
Although Tathagata said no more for a while, Ananda didn’t answer, waiting for more.
So Tathagata elaborated. “A book like this requires research. You would need to follow, and chronicle, several first-time mothers from the inception of their child to its birth. Melissa is one of them.”
“I take it then, that she is already pregnant.”
“Oh yes, about two months gone.”
Ananda mulled this a little while, nodding to himself as Ontario disappeared behind him, replaced by undulating forest. Yes, that would work. As always when Tathagata spoke like this, not only did his words arrive, but with them the full meaning, the full scenario, of what he meant, as if the words were only underpinnings to the full event, detailed and complete.
“That will give me good reason to stay in touch with her,” said Ananda.
“Precisely.”
“Where are you now, Tathagata?”
“I am in Tusita.”
“The sweet light,” said Ananda, remembering.
“Yes,” said the Buddha. Then, “Drive carefully.”
“I always do,” said Ananda.



::15:: (Pasadena)

Ananda checked the address Tathagata had given him against the well polished brass numbers beside the large oak door, and satisfied that he indeed had the right house, he rang the equally well-polished brass doorbell.
He could hear a gong sound deep within the house. Then silence. Then more silence. He pressed the doorbell again, and again heard the gong.
Steps approached. The latch unlocked. The door swung open to reveal a tall, quite bulky man, like something very well-packed with dark complexion and black, shiny hair, slickly combed back.
“Yes?” He took Ananda in with not friendly eyes; irritated would be the best description.
By the size of the man, Ananda had expected a deeper voice, and one that didn’t seem to complain. He could hear a television set broadcasting some sports event—most likely a football game—from within the house, and now sounding as if someone just scored. The tall man looked at Ananda for an answer, turned to the inside of the house on hearing the commotion from the game, then back to Ananda.
“My name is Ananda Wolf,” he said. “I am a writer. I am working on a book about first time-mothers, and I wonder if I could have a word with your wife?”
Something else just occurred in the football broadcast, and the man turned again, anxious to get back to the game. He looked back at Ananda.
“Amanda?” he asked. Trying to make things add up.
“No, Ananda, with an n.”
“Wait here.”
The man thought of closing the door, but didn’t. Then he vanished. Ananda could hear him call out: “Melissa. Someone here to see you.” Then again, and louder this time, “Melissa.”
Ananda heard fragments of a conversation in among the replay of the recent game commotion, and then she came to the door. Melissa Marten, Tathagata’s mother-to-be.
Blond and pleasant, was Ananda’s first impression. Quite tall—as women go, not thin, but not large either. Very blue eyes, as blue as Ananda had ever seen. Startlingly so. And not pregnant that he—or anyone else for that matter—could tell.
Those startlingly blue eyes looked him over, trying to place him among memories, but without success. With a slight frown.
“How can I help you?” she said.
“My name is Ananda Wolf,” he said again. Then smiled, and added, “That’s Ananda with an n. I am a writer.”
Those very blue eyes were taking this in, intent on his reason for being there. Expecting more.
“I am writing a book about first-time mothers,” he continued. “And part of my research is to interview, and follow the progress of, so to speak, well, first-time mothers.”
Listening to himself stumble over his less than graceful introduction, Ananda swallowed, then drew breath to re-phrase that. But he did not get the opportunity to.
“How do you know that I am pregnant?” she said. Surprised. And there was an edge to the question.
Luckily, they had thought of this.
“You are, aren’t you?”
“Yes, I am as a matter of fact. But how do you know that?”
Something else of note happened in the game her husband had now returned to, for he loudly commanded someone to “Get with it, for Christ’s sake” and yelled at what must have been the officials. Quite loudly, as if they could hear. Melissa hesitated for a moment, then stepped out on the front porch, pulling the door shut behind her, dampening the noise.
Ananda said, “Your obstetrician.”
“You know Doctor Ross?” Another surprise, but with less of an edge.
“In a manner of speaking, yes.”
“Ah. That explains it.”
“Yes,” agreed Ananda.
The silence that ensued filled with chirping birds and a lawnmower not far away. A large Toyota van with many children inside rolled by, as if looking for somewhere to deposit its cargo. Melissa pointed to a pair of wicker chairs to their right, a small—very clean—glass table between them. “Have a seat Mister, Wolf, was it?”
“Yes, Wolf,” said Ananda. “Ananda Wolf.”
“With an n,” she said, and smiled for the first time. “What sort of name is that?”
They both sat down. His wicker groaned a little.
“It is an Indian name. Ananda was the first cousin of the Buddha.”
“You are from India? I would not have guessed.”
“No, no. I was born in Sweden.”
“And named Ananda?” Curious.
“No, I was named Ulf. Which, by the way, means Wolf in archaic Swedish.”
“Wolf Wolf,” sugested Melissa.
“Precisely. I came across the name Ananda studying Buddhism, and I liked it so much I eventually adopted it.”
“Ananda Wolf,” she said.
“Yes.”
“People mistake that for Amanda, I bet.”
“As a rule.”
She smiled again. Then asked, “So, what kind of book are you writing? Is it scholarly, or popular, or what? A suspense novel?”
“I guess it’s more scholarly than anything else. We’re doing a study of first-time pregnancies, first-time mothers, which we’ll then compile into a book.”
“We?”
“Me and my publisher. It was really his idea. He feels it will be a helpful book for young mothers.”
“Has it got a title?”
“Not as yet, I’m afraid.”
“I see.”
“Probably ‘Young Mothers’ or ‘First Time Mothers.’ Something along those lines.”
“Neophyte Motherhood,” suggested Melissa.
“Sorry?”
“Neophyte Motherhood.”
“Ah. Yes, I see. That’s not bad.”
“I take it there is interest in that.”
“According to my publisher, yes. Or at least according to his guess, or hopes.”
“Well, it certainly is of interest to me,” said Melissa, with a glance down at her belly—though it still concealed its secret well.
“I can imagine.” Then Ananda asked, “How far along are you?”
“How many mothers will be part of this book?” she said. “And will they be named?”
“Oh, four or five. And yes, if that’s okay, we’d like to name you. Like a documentary on paper.”
She thought about that. Then said, “I’m not so sure Charles would go along.”
“Your husband.”
“My football crazy husband.”
“He wouldn’t have to,” said Ananda.
Surprised again. “What do you mean?”
“Oh, I mean, of course, he should agree, yes, of course, that would be best. What I meant is that, legally, he doesn’t have to.”
She took that in as well. Mulled it. “I see. So he doesn’t have to agree?”
“Not legally.”
“He’s a lawyer, you know.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“He is, yes.” She nodded her emphasis. “He’s a second year associate. His father is a partner in his firm. Managing partner. Has been for years.”
Ananda wasn’t sure what to answer, so he said nothing.
Melissa said, “How would this work? Would you visit regularly, or what?”
“Now and then, yes, I would visit,” said Ananda. “But the day to day, or week to week, we can do over the phone.”
“I see.”
“I don’t live in California,” Ananda added.
“Where do you live?”
“I live in Idaho.”
“Boise?”
“No, further north.”
“Up by Washington State?”
“Yes, just next door.”
“The finger.”
“Yes. The finger.”
“I see,” she said again. Thought some more. Looked out at the nicely manicured lawn and the several well tended flower beds, all in bloom. Yellows, reds, purples. Ananda wasn’t very good with flower names. Colors he knew and appreciated. Then delivered her verdict:
“Yes,” she said. “Yes. Fine with me. I’d enjoy that.” Then, “Do I need to sign anything?”
“Yes. I’ll mail that to you.”
“How many other mothers have you spoken to?”
“You’re the first.”
“I’m not very far gone,” she said. “In fact, I just found out for sure last Wednesday.”
“I know,” lied Ananda. “The idea is to get in on the ground floor, so to speak.”
“Odd expression,” said Melissa. “In this case.”
“Yes, not the best,” said Ananda. “But you know what I mean?”
“Yes,” she said. “You want to cover the whole event.”
“Precisely.”
“And that would include the birth?”
“Yes.”
“Will you be there?”
“No, I don’t think so.”
“Well, that wouldn’t be proper, would it?” she said, almost reminding herself.
“So I can call you weekly, or more often if needed?”
“I don’t see why not.” Then said, “Do you have a card.”
Yes, he did have a card, and he handed it to her. Blue with white lettering.
“Ananda Wolf,” she read. “Writer.”
“That’s what I do.”
“Yes, I gathered.” Then, suddenly the hostess, “Well, where are my manners? Would you like something to drink, tea? Coffee?
“No, thanks. I’m fine,” he said.
“Sure?”
“Yes. Sure.”
She smiled again, then rose and offered her hand, as if to seal the deal.
He rose, too, and took it—it was warm, and, yes, friendly—shook it, and felt very good about things.

Mission accomplished—he had made contact, and had gotten along well with her—Ananda set out on his long return trip.
Melissa waited for the game to finish to tell Charles (who by now had forgotten about the visit).



::16:: (Pasadena)

“I’m going to be in a book,” said Melissa once she judged she could wrestle his attention away from the television long enough to actually have a conversation.
“What?” said Charles.
“A book.”
“What book?”
“Mr. Wolf,” she said.
Charles didn’t seem to understand, or remember.
“The man who came to see me,” she added.
“Ah. Ananda Wolf,” he accurately remembered and then declared, for he did meet the lawyer requirement of a good and precise memory for names.
“Yes,” she said.”That’s his name. A little odd.”
“A little weird,” said Charles. “I thought he said Amanda.”
“Yes, so did I,” said Melissa. “But it’s Ananda,” stressing it: An-anda.
“What did he want?” asked Charles, while also now working the remote control, changing the set to display the schedule of other college games.
“He is writing a book about first-time mothers.”
Charles stopped fiddling with the remote to look over at Melissa. All alert now. “How does he know you are pregnant?”
“Apparently, he knows Doctor Ross.”
“What business is it of hers to speak to writers about her patients?”
“That I could not tell you.”
“You should ask her.”
She had thought of that. “I plan to.”
When Charles didn’t answer, Melissa said, “But I think it’s a great idea.”
“What is?” Charles now back at working the remote and checking scores on the screen.
“The book, Charles. That’s what we’re talking about. Could you please put that thing down for a second.”
“Sorry.” He flipped the channel again, then said to the screen, “Is he paying you anything for it?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t ask.”
Which earned Melissa another husbandy glance. “You didn’t ask?”
“No. It didn’t cross my mind.”
Charles shook his head in that when-will-you-ever-grow-up way he deployed when frustrated or confused.
“Did you sign anything?”
“No. He’s sending me paperwork later.”
“Let me see it before you sign.”
It was now Melissa’s turn to not respond. Charles didn’t have to agree, that’s what Ananda Wolf had said. And Charles, from what she could tell, could not care less one way or the other about this book.
Instead she rose and left Charles to his games.
Leaving the living room Melissa made a mental note not to forget to ask Doctor Ross about Ananda Wolf.

And she had meant to ask her, she had in fact remembered to do so even stepping into her office, but at this appointment she had the first ultrasound, and the detection of that new little life which flooded her with she could not describe precisely what, joy perhaps, though more than that, something deeper, and in the wash of that she just plain forgot.

She found Mr. Wolf, who had already called her twice to see how she was doing, to be a very nice man. She enjoyed talking to him. He was comforting. Very supportive. So different from Charles.



::17:: (Still River)

Doctor Ross answered the phone herself.
“Good morning,” said Ananda, and introduced himself.
“How can I help you?” she asked in a pleasant but professional voice.
“I am writing a book on first-time pregnancies, first-time motherhood, and Melissa Marten is one of my research subjects.”
“Yes?”
“I believe she is your patient.”
“Yes, she is.”
“How is she doing? Are things going as expected?”
“Who did you say you were?” No longer quite so pleasant.
“Ananda Wolf. I’m a writer.”
“And you are doing research?”
“Yes.”
“As a researcher you should know that I cannot discuss any of my patients without a signed release.”
Ananda grew very alert, almost painfully so. He found himself on very thin ice, and it was cracking—cold, threatening water below.
But there’s nothing like necessity to sharpen the senses, and in this case the intellect. “You have not received it?” Ananda heard himself say.
“No,” said Doctor Ross.
“Oh, I apologize. I’ll make sure it gets to you, and then perhaps we can talk.”
“That would be fine.”
Ananda noticed his hand shake a little as he ended the call.
:
It rang so many times before Melissa answered the phone that Ananda was about to hang up, to call back later.
“Hello.” She seemed a little out of breath.
“Melissa?”
“Yes.” Panting still. She had definitely been running.
“This is Ananda Wolf.”
“Yes. I can tell.”
“Of course.” Then, “Have you been running?”
“Exercising,” she said. “The treadmill.”
“Should you? I mean, considering.” Ananda honestly did not know.
“Oh, sure. Yeah, no problem.”
“Well, that’s all right then. So, how are you feeling today, other than out of breath?”
“I was sick this morning,” she said. “Not much fun.”
“But you’re feeling fine now?”
“No,” she said. “Not really. Better, but not fine.”
Ananda, who knew next to nothing about motherhood or morning sickness, didn’t know what to say. So what he came up with was, “One of the perks, I guess.”
Melissa laughed at that, a short giggle that struck him as happy. He could almost see her eyes sparkle. “At least there’s no mistake about it,” she said.
Again, Ananda didn’t quite know what to say. He was, after all, not writing a book about first-time mothers, and he did not enjoy the deception, not in the least.
“Are you eating well?”
“You bet. Better than ever. More than ever. I must be gaining a pound a day.”
Ananda decided then and there to do some serious catching up on pregnancies—especially first-time ones—what to expect and do; at least to the point of sounding somewhat intelligent. He owed her that much.
“When is your next checkup?” he asked.
“Tuesday.”
And here Ananda sets out on his well rehearsed reason for calling: “Which reminds me,” he said. “I’ve sent you a release for your signature, that is, if it’s okay with you. Something Doctor Ross needs in order to share your progress with me. Only if it’s okay with you, of course.”
“Sure. That’s fine by me.”
“Has it arrived yet?”
“No.”
“It should be there any day. Once you’ve signed it, I wonder, could you give it to Doctor Ross.”
“Sure.”
“Thanks, Melissa.” Then said, not sure why, “Be sure to eat lots of fruit.”
“I’ll do that,” said Melissa, and Ananda could picture her smiling.
Then he remembered, “The other papers. Our agreement?”
“Yes, I meant to tell you, Charles wanted to look them over.”
“Oh, okay.”
“They look just fine with me.”
“Pretty standard stuff,” said Ananda. And he was not lying, he had pulled the agreement, word for word, from an online standard contracts library. Fifty dollars worth of standard, nothing-out-of-the-ordinary agreement.
“That’s what I thought.”
“Well, when you get a chance to sign them, just return them to me. Or if you—Charles—has any questions, call me.”
“Will do.”
As Ananda said goodbye he quietly congratulated himself for remembering to nudge her for the agreement as well, keeping things authentic. That was the whole idea right now, keeping things authentic.
:
“Oh, yes,” said Melissa, “I almost forgot.”
She rummaged through her handbag and found the release. “Mister Wolf wanted me to give you this.
“That writer?”
“Yes.”
Doctor Ross took the release form, and looked it over.
“So you can let him know how I’m doing,” said Melissa.
The doctor nodded while looking it over. It seemed to be in order.
:
This time she picked up right away. But something was wrong. There was an edge to her voice he had not heard before, or a bruise.
“How are you, Melissa?” he said.
She didn’t answer right away.
“Are you all right?”
After another short silence, she asked, “Have you ever been married, Mister Wolf?”
“Yes.”
“Happily?”
“Initially.”
“You are not married now, are you?”
“No.”
“So not so happily in the end?”
“Civilized enough,” he said, not at all sure where this was leading. When she said nothing else, he said, “Why do you ask?”
“He won’t sign the agreement,” she said.
“He doesn’t have to.”
“He says he has to.”
“No, the agreement is between you and me, Melissa.”
“He, to quote him, begs to differ.”
“Well,” said Ananda after scrambling through a string of thoughts, none leading a precise where. “That doesn’t alter the fact.” The best he could do.
“Could it be that he would have to agree?”
“No, Melissa. He doesn’t have to agree.”
But was he really sure about that? From research he had done such agreements were between the writer and an individual, not between writer and a married couple.
“Are you sure?”
Here Ananda pressed as much certainty into his answer as he could, “Yes, Melissa. I am sure.”
“Well, good. Because I signed it and sent it to you.”
“Thanks, Melissa.”
“Charles was furious.”
“What did he say?”
“He threatened to tear the agreement up and to sue you for invasion of privacy.”
“What?”
“Yes, exactly.”
“But you signed it?”
“Yes. I told him this was none of his business, and then he stormed out.”
“Oh, Melissa. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to cause trouble.”
He could picture her shake her head. “No, Mister Wolf. No. This is not your doing. You just brought things to a point. If it hadn’t been this it would have been something else.”
“I’m sorry.”
“No need to be.”
Then, after a silence in which Ananda could almost hear her put the question together, then wonder whether she should ask it, she said, “What do you do when you just can’t talk?”
“You and Charles?”
“Yes. When you realize that what you meant to say just isn’t getting across.” She paused, then said, “And when you realize that it probably never will.”
Ananda said nothing, but he had listened so well that Melissa felt heard. “It doesn’t matter what I say,” she said. “I can tell that while he looks at me, and seems to be hearing, he is not listening. Or listening from such a distance that no real meaning can cross such a gap.”
“Perhaps he was upset about the agreement?” suggested Ananda.
“Oh, no. This is nothing new. I have wondered about this since before I was pregnant.” She fell silent again, putting things together. “To be honest,” she said. “I had hoped that the baby would heal this rift, bring us closer.”
“Did you ever,” began Ananda, then wasn’t sure how to finish the question.
But Melissa must have heard the unspoken intent. “I really don’t know,” she said. “When you first fall in love, everything glitters. You believe you understand each other, all of each other.”
“I know,” said Ananda. “I know that feeling.”
“Well, how do you tell whether that was real understanding or whether it was just being in love, infatuation?”
“Well,” he said. “We tend to see the other as we wish him or her to be. Especially when things start out.” Ananda was speaking from experience.
“Precisely.” She said that as if Ananda had hit upon the deepest of truths. “That’s precisely it. You see who you want to see, and I wanted very much to see the Charles I really thought I loved.”
“And he wanted to see the you that he loved?”
“I guess.”
“And then,” said Ananda. “Once the glitter settled. Was there real understanding?”
Ananda could almost hear Melissa scour memory for instances of this. Finally she said, “I’ not sure. I don’t know.”
“Do you love him now?”
After another short silence she answered, “I don’t know.”
Then it was as if Melissa roused herself, grasping familiar bearings again. “I’m so sorry,” she said. “What am I doing telling you all this?”
“Oh, don’t be,” said Ananda. “Please.”
“This has nothing to do with your project.”
“Melissa,” said Ananda. “I don’t see you as a project. I see you as a friend. And believe me when I say that I am your friend as well.”
“You really mean that.”
“I really mean that.”
“You’re a kind man, Mister Wolf.”
“Ananda. Please.”
“You’re a kind man, Ananda.”
“Perhaps so.”
“Thanks for listening.”
“Not at all. And please know that if ever you want to talk, just call me. Any time of day or night.”
“You mean that, too, don’t you?”
“I mean that.”
“Just like a good friend.”
“Just like a good friend.”
:
That same evening, as Ananda was preparing his evening meal, chopping four cloves of garlic into very fine slivers, Tathagata’s timbreless but unmistakable voice rose again.
“You have met my mother?” he said.
“Yes, Tathagata.”
“You have come to know her?”
“Yes, I have.”
“She has come to trust you?”
“Yes, I believe so.”
“I am pleased, Ananda.”
“So am I, Tathagata. You have chosen well. She will be a fine mother. She is a good person.”
“Yes, she is.”
“But I worry about the father.”
“So do I, Ananda.”



::18:: (Tusita)

I had meant to wait.
I had meant to let a full five thousand terrestrial years go by before returning. I had meant to leave the Dhamma time to take root and sprout and grow exponentially to touch all beings on Earth before returning. But even through the bliss of Tusita Heaven I could sense that all was not well. The Dhamma had not taken proper root, and it was not spreading as I had planned and hoped, especially not into the West.
One man, a carpenter’s son from Nazareth in Judea, had ventured East seeking the Dhamma, and although he found much of it, what he brought back was only a fraction, only its surface. The still and fruitful waters beneath he left behind in India and Tibet, thinking them perhaps too profound for his fellow countrymen. As a result, what he did teach—and how those teachings were interpreted, often to suit political rather than religious ends—seems to have brought about more misery and violence than any treatise on the virtues of war could have ever done.
Another man, Mohammed of Mecca, further shallowed the Dhamma to a point where his followers finally invaded India to destroy any trace of it.
And destroy it they did, burn every library and monastery they did, until every single charcoaled trace was gone, except for that one copy preserved by farseeing monks who, sensing the threat, some years earlier had fled south and across water to Ceylon. This far Mohammed’s minions did not rage, and so, to this day, the Dhamma is preserved, but, alas, only used by a few, and by almost no one in the West.
All, indeed, was not well.
That is why I returned as Bruno. I had to see for myself, I had to verify my misgivings.

And this I saw:
I saw the burning of faith into tortured and limbed souls with red hot iron and stakes firmly rooted amidst flames, compelling what only has meaning if freely chosen.
I saw the lining of gluttonous and priestly bellies with bribes and gifts extorted by empty promises of eternal heavenly bliss, by meaningless threats of forever fires in hells worse than anything previously imagined by the sickest of Indian Brahmans.
I saw the teachings of this man Jesus—my teachings stunted and crippled—gone terribly and sickeningly wrong.
Offended beyond tolerance, I, as Bruno, could not hold my tongue.
And so, I paid the price as I, too, came to know the flames before I shed the smoldering Bruno—suspended to the post by his iron necklace—to once again return here.
Thinking all this over—spending a day and a night in deep meditation: the Sangha, the Christian Church, the many wars, the colossal suffering, the continued and intensified agony of these poor, poor souls—I saw this, and I saw it clearly:
I would return.
My name would be Ruth Marten.
My mother’s name would be Melissa Marten. She shone with a light mostly hidden, but her understanding ran deep, and she could, yes she could accept me.
Charles Marten, my father, would never understand. But then, that was not a requirement.
And now her water has broken, and they’re rushing her off to hospital. Melissa, my mother.



::19:: (Pasadena)

The trick to this—and I wonder why they never catch on—is to not take possession until after delivery.
If you want to learn all about true headache—and apparently most do—then, go ahead, take possession pre-delivery. Take up fetus- or even embryo-residence. Firmly entrench yourself and wrap those sensory channels around you like you’d hug a blanket against the cold. Then go for that head-first (hopefully) slow slide down the birth canal and out: squeezed takes on a whole new meaning. Your head so vised it actually changes shape and exits pointed. Coned. And that, believe me, that hurts like, well, it really hurts. That’s probably why they all cry, coned head hurts. Suffering from the first.
I have learned this lesson. That is why I wait.
I see the car. Melissa is sprawled in the back, uncomfortable, a little scared, hurting, sweating, asking where they are. How far to go. How long to go. And please hurry. Then comes another contraction and she submerges again and suffers some more.
Charles, driving, does not answer. Nor does he turn around.
No, I realize, this is not Charles. Someone else is driving the car. A neighbor, perhaps, or a friend. Whoever is driving this car does not turn around, does not answer, but concentrates very hard on just driving, on just driving as fast as possible. Tries to keep the car on even keel, smoothly flowing, by will alone; as if a stash of nitroglycerin was loosely placed in the back, not Melissa Marten. A pothole, a sudden stop, and they’d explode. Still, they have to go fast, she knows that, the driver, for Melissa is really worked up back there and could erupt any moment.
The neighbor, or whoever it is driving, must have called ahead for as they pull in to the emergency entry, the hospital staff is waiting for her, gurney at the ready. The car eases to an explosion-free stop and many willing hands—well coordinated and full of “done this before”—ease Melissa out of the car and onto the rolling bed.
The car moves off to the parking lot, while I follow the birthday train in through the large sliding (electronically, photo-sensored) doors. Melissa screams now as a new contraction takes over. Nurses exchange words and one of them consults a clipboard. They decide upon a room.
A doctor appears. Most likely Doctor Ross. She takes a look at Melissa, takes her hand, touches her forehead, says things, comforts her. Ten minutes she says to her—while for some reason she holds up two fingers, for the nurse’s benefit—she’ll see her in ten minutes, she says. The nurse will get her ready.
Melissa does not answer, but she tries to smile.
And true to her word, ten minutes later she’s back, examining Melissa now, talking to herself or the nurse, saying six centimeters (holding up six fingers—getting the count right this time). It’ll be a little while yet, this to Melissa, who does not listen so well right now.
So the doctor comes forward, takes Melissa’s hand again and says, “You’re six centimeters dilated, honey, it’ll be another hour, my guess, or more, before you’re ready.”
Melissa, as another contraction surges through, almost screams, no, she does scream, “I am ready now.”
The doctor does not answer, but neither does she let go of her hand. Nice touch, I think.
Then the contraction recedes, and Melissa returns to a semi-sentient state. “I’ll be back soon,” says the doctor. 
The nurse stays with her, asking her if she needs something. Water, a fruit perhaps?
Melissa looks at her as if the nurse had spoken some alien tongue, not sure what to make of the woman. And here—so soon?—comes a brand new contraction, trying to outdo all of its predecessors.
Melissa screams.
This goes on for a while.
Then the doctor returns, takes another look and says, “Oh, my,” to herself, and partially to Melissa, too. To the nurse she says, “Okay, we’re ready.”
Birth follows. Melissa, on the crest of another contraction (I can see my head now, crowned, as they say) asks where the hell is Charles, and gets no reply.
And then, there I am, Ruth Marten, weighing in at the national average of seven and a half pounds, healthy and screaming her head off. I’m going to let the head pain subside a little before heading in (pardon the pun).
Which it does, and she no longer cries. Another nurse hands her to Melissa who cradles her to her breast, and Melissa looks as happy as I’ve ever seen a human being look.
Now, I take possession.
Now I am Ruth Marten.



::20:: (Pasadena)

Melissa woke up from yet another brief slumber.
First into the soft hum of hospital equipment, and then—closer to the surface now—into the glow of knowing that she had brought new life to the world, new life to the universe.
The hum, if the ear could see, would perhaps appear like a varicolored mist, expanding from all directions and of all sorts: from heart-monitors, ventilation systems, distant elevators racing (or laboring) up and down—their doors opening, some smoothly, some with little squeaks, and closing—to computer and other equipment fans, capped by the high-pitched—unhearable almost—frequency of various computer screens and like instruments. An ocean of sound, as pervasive as silence, rising and filling every crevice of her room, mixing with, and mixed by, the light of seeing her world anew.
In truth, Melissa heard none of theses sounds—or truer still, she heard them but they did not touch her. They were of a different dimension, one that could only partially gain purchase in the light of her new knowing.
Her private dimension was one of expansive joy, threatening to drown her, but she didn’t mind. She didn’t mind one bit.
It had gone fine, those were Doctor Ross’s words. Very, very fine in fact, especially for a first baby. No tearing. Hard to believe, even, she said, after such a quick birth. The doctor was amazed, that’s the impression Melissa got, awed almost. But always on the run, soon off to see to some other event with a smile, a thumbs-up, and a “Good job” a turn, and then there was only the tail of her white coat, and then it was gone, too.
Job? thought Melissa. A miracle is what it was.
And, sleeping now against her breast, this miracle, Ruth. Her very own little life. Only the top of her head visible to her, nestled. Separate from her now, delivered from her, and she had a bit of trouble coming to grips with the mechanics of that, with the event, and how things had so suddenly changed. For when inside her, Ruth had not been separate, had been part of her—a kicking part of her, but part of her nonetheless. No distance between them. None.
The same ecosystem.
But no more. Not once the umbilical cord was cut, the miracle free to breathe on her own.
The umbilical cord, which Charles was supposed to have cut, that was how they had planned it. Talked about often enough even for Charles to not forget.
And with that, almost violenlty, the room returned, and a new mood settled heavily on her heart: They had talked about it at length, and he had promised. Promised, yes, absolutely, he said, promised there would be nothing stopping him, he said, not his work, not his parents—especially not his father, nothing. Of course, he would be there. They were in this together, holding her hand as he told her all this, a little preachy, actually.
Melissa, stroking the little downy head of her daughter, didn’t even know where her husband was.
:
Though not for long.
For here he came, flurried, flustered, flowered.
Melissa looked up, startled by the commotion. And after him, the nurse, “Sir, sir,” which Charles, of course, being Charles, ignored.
“Oh, honey,” he almost shouted from just inside the door, in that voice that made it sound like, why didn’t you tell me?—ever so subtly shifting blame her way. “I am so sorry, so sorry.”
She didn’t answer. She had nothing to answer him with.
“I am so sorry,” he repeated. “It wasn’t due until next week. I had to go to San Francisco for the day. I had to.”
Still, she said nothing.
“How are you, honey? How did it go?”
Finally, she said, “It?”
“What?”
“It?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Ruth is not an it.”
“Who said she is an it?”
“You just did, Charles.”
“No, honey, I didn’t.”
Suddenly Melissa wanted him out of the room, wanted his shiny face and perfect teeth and oily hair and stocky frame as far away from her, and her daughter, as possible. He had promised, on his bloody heart, hope to die, and, again—such bloody par for the course—he had not kept his promise.
Had it been about something else, perhaps she could have forgiven him, but this was different. So she said, with a measured voice, one precise word after another:
“I want you to leave.”
“I just got here.”
“Really. I want you to leave.”
“I want to see the baby.”
“It?”
“Ruth.” Now getting a little agitated.
Melissa cradled her daughter a little tighter, as if to protect her from her father. “Later,” she said. “I need to rest. Come back later.”
“I want to see her. She’s my daughter, too. I want to hold her. I have a right to.”
“Later,” she said again. Loud enough this time to engage the nurse, alert by the door, and now approaching the bed:
“Look, sir. She needs to rest now.”
He turned to her. “Don’t you ‘look, sir’ me,” he said. “I am the father.”
The nurse bit her tongue. There were many things she could have said at this point, but she said none of them. Instead, she repeated, “She needs to rest now. You will have to come back later.”
“This is my wife, this is my child,” he said, raising his voice. “I have a right.”
“She, too, has a right,” said the nurse, raising her voice as well. “And right now, after going through what she has, and alone at that,” stressing alone, “She has the right to rest.” There was an edge to her voice, sharp enough to cut and do some damage.
Charles, suddenly uncertain, looked around for somewhere to toss the flowers he still held out in from of him like a sword. Finally, he flung them on the chair.
“I’ll be back later,” he said to Melissa. “Be sure to get some rest,” as if leaving had been his idea all along.
“You okay?” asked the nurse once Charles had left.
“Yes.”
The nurse was about to say something about Charles, but the professional in her took over, and instead only asked if Melissa needed something.
“No, I’m fine,” she said, still cradling Ruth. Then added, “He can be a real piece of work, that one.”



::21:: (Pasadena)

Taking possession of a human body is not unlike working your way into a wet suit that’s a little too small. Every inch feels a little tight. Stretches a little. Constricts. Does let you in, but barely. Lets me in, and I settle—filling the little body, sort of strapping myself in. I think briefly of a Formula One driver, slipping into his car, built to his very dimensions and not leaving an inch to spare: all the controls within immediate reach.
Settling, harnessing, flexing, adjusting, and then: ready.
I find the lungs, the first thing you need to make your very own, and I breathe in, and I breathe out, and I breathe in, and I breathe out, and echoes of earlier lungs arise and there is a strange comfort in a rhythm that for me is still only two beats old, then three, then four.
And again. Five beats old.
My little fist-like heart, fresh and eager, rushes blood to my lungs and seizes its fill of oxygen to rush again to everywhere delivering. The little heart is proud, it is strong, and it knows precisely what to do.
Other parts, waking up to responsibilities mostly worn by Melissa during gestation, rub their eyes to the new day and get with the program: liver, thyroid, pancreas, stomach, eyes, and ears, all stretching and flexing and synchronizing, each taking on their role, setting out to do.
I am aware of all this, of course, for I am aware. Period.
I am aware of the room, aware of Melissa’s warm breast, and of the strong—still youthful—heart beneath calmly sending blood on its way, a lot more and a lot farther (as hearts go) than mine.
And I am aware of Melissa herself, of her wondering—seriously now—how to go on living with a man who did not even keep his promise to be with her at my birth. I see—no, it’s more than see, I live—I live her pictures, as she imagines a life without him, seeing herself and me in a different, Charles-less world. I’m four or five years old in this dream, happily uncaring about my father. She, too, is happy. Glad she made the decision to leave him.
Then reality—in the form of a nurse—arrives and her dream disperses, evaporating fragments into mist into nothing. Melissa opens her eyes and, after a moment, answers, “No, thanks. I’m fine.”
The nurse answers, “Okay, Sweetie,” and leaves.
Melissa is left with the dream-less fact of Charles the promise-breaker. Her heart, besieged, finds no other outlet than driving blood along a little harder. For she does not know what to do about this. Dreaming will not help, she reminds herself, dreaming is fine, but it really doesn’t accomplish anything. She dreams too much, she tells herself, and then she sighs so deeply my head rises as upon a cloud, and then sinks again, against warm skin and a soft, Charles-driven despair.



::22:: (Pasadena)

Charles did not have the right change for the hospital parking attendant. Or rather, he did not have enough change, and the obstinate woman could not break a twenty. Who’s ever heard of a parking lot not able to break a twenty?
“So, what do you suggest?” he said, demanding, but not really expecting, an answer, not from these kind of people; these are the best jobs they can get. And what money they do make they money-order south of the border instead of spending it here where it was earned and where it belongs.
At first she said nothing, just looked at him with very dark and not exactly demure eyes, and for so long that Charles took a deep breath as a prelude to repeating the question.
Which apparently was her cue:
“I suggest you come up with the exact change,” she said, brown finger pointing at the sign which spelled out how much the company appreciated exact change, the word exact underlined twice, and in red.
“There’s a car behind me,” said Charles. “You had better let me through.”
“Not without paying,” said the woman. “I can lose my job.”
“I am paying. I can give you a twenty.”
“I’m sorry,” she said again. “I don’t have change for a twenty.”
“Well that’s your damn problem, isn’t it.”
“Sir,” she began.
But Charles would have none it. “That’s your responsibility. That’s your job. To provide change.”
“Look, sir,” she said. Loudly now. “I’ve had a lot of customers handing me twenties. I gave them all the change I had. Now I’m out of change.”
“Well, I’m another one,” said Charles, “and you’d better come up with something better than that.”
The car behind him honked now, twice, irritably. Charles looked behind him. Guy his age. None too pleased. In a hurry, by the honk of it. Another car was pulling up behind him, but then backed up and headed for a second payment booth, now opening for business.
“I’m sorry, sir. I don’t have the change.”
“Why don’t you ask him,” said Charles, meaning the second booth.
“I can’t leave here,” she said.
“Of, for heaven’s sake,” said Charles and scrambled out of the car. Strode over to the second booth. Waited while the man—boy, really—inside finished handling his customer, then broke in: “Could you split a twenty for me?” he asked.
When the boy—all pimples and grease; do these people never shower?—looked at him blankly, Charles added, “She doesn’t have any change.”
Without answering, or even giving any sign that he had heard, the boy took the offered twenty and returned a ten and two fives.
Charles, back in his car, sweating now from the exertion and the unbelievable stupidity of some women and kids, handed her one of the fives, expecting two dollars back.
“Sorry, sir,” she said. “I don’t have any singles.”
It may be that for the barest moment he had some choice, perhaps the choice not to erupt, but on some level he took great pleasure in letting anger boil over into outrage, and so: “Look here, you stupid, stupid cow. How stupid do you have to be to work here, anyway? You sure as hell passed whatever test they give you for that with flying colors. Why don’t you just go back to where the hell you came from. Jesus.”
“I am calling security, sir.”
“Oh, forget it. Keep the goddamn change.”
“Fine,” said the woman—and damn if he could not detect a smile, or at least a hint of one, a smug one, in that south-of-the-border face—and pressed whatever button they press in these booths to raise the boom, letting him out.
He gunned the car, burning tire in an attempt at angry smoke, and almost rear-ended a car suddenly in front of him from the other lane. Oh, Christ, as he stepped on the breaks, and squealed the tires again. He could see the driver stare in his rearview mirror. Glare. Well fuck him.
Finally out on the street. The traffic was light this time of day. He just made the light, which always pleased him. And the next one as well. He began to calm down, a little.
Shook his head. Women. And Melissa, too. Throwing him out of the hospital room. That was it, wasn’t it? She threw him out. She and that nurse. He should file a complaint. Really. An official complaint, on firm letterhead, that’d get their attention. He was the father of the child for heaven’s sake. You can’t throw a father out of his wife’s room, out of his daughter’s room.
How was he to have known? She wasn’t due until next week. They’d even marked it on the calendar. Well, Melissa had marked it. She should have known. She should have told him it was due today, before he left this morning. She was the one having the thing—the girl, he corrected, glad Melissa hadn’t listened in.
How was he to know, for crying out loud? And now, this was all his fault, that he had to fly up to San Francisco, and then, like an absolute idiot excuse himself to fly back down when the call came from his firm that his wife was having a baby, as in right now.
Talk about embarrassing. Talk about seeming out of control. You can’t be out of control in this job—and if you are, you sure as hell must not give that impression. He could hear his father—the great lawyer—holding forth on the subject of control between bites of whatever fish he was savoring that day. Always fish. Best thing you can eat, son.
He almost missed the turn, but not quite. Then almost ran a light.
Pulling in to his driveway he noticed he was still sweating. The nerve of that woman. Of women.
He had remembered to buy flowers, though. That was the right thing, the fatherly thing to do. So why was she mad at him? How could it be his fault? Shook his head again, then got out of the car.
He’d better check in with his office.



::23:: (Pasadena)

Melissa woke into a sunny, and a little stuffy, Tuesday. For several heartbeats she had no idea where she was.
The odd smells were unfamiliar, the atmosphere a little too metallic.
Then she woke all the way, and looked up at what must have stirred her. “How’re you feeling?” the nurse said again. Melissa couldn’t quite make out her face, in shadow against the bright window.
“Where’s Ruth?” said Melissa.
“She’s in the nursery,” said the nurse. “Sleeping.”
“She’s fine?”
“She’s just fine.” Then, “Do you want some breakfast?”
“What is it? The breakfast, I mean.”
“What do you want?”
“Coffee and toast.”
“Coming right up.”
“Has my husband called?”
“Twice. You were sleeping.”
“Did he leave a message?”
“No. Only that he’ll call back. You want to speak to him when he does?”
Good question. He had brought flowers, and he had seemed about as contrite as he’ll ever be. But he had not kept his word, he had not been there, that was the not-getting-away-from bottom line. Flowers don’t make up for broken promises.
“No,” she said.
“I’ll be right back,” said the nurse.
For he had not come back. She had expected him to. By the evening at least. What was wrong with him?
In his defense, Melissa had to concede, Ruth had not been due for a week, and his firm does send him to San Francisco for what seems no good reason at all, and often. Mostly without warning. They had probably sprung it on him when he arrived in the morning.
Oh, damn it. Even so, he should have been here. He had promised.
“Here you go, honey,” said the nurse, sailing in with a tray in one hand, while swinging the little table across with the other.
“Oh, thanks,” said Melissa.
“You’re welcome.” The nurse smiled, then squeaked her way across the floor and out of the room. Must be very polished, that floor, thought Melissa.
She should have asked for Ruth.
Taking a small sip of the steaming coffee, and looking out through the window at a clear blue sky, she decided to not stay angry with him. At the least she would talk to him when he called back.
She buzzed for the nurse and then told her as much.
The nurse nodded. No problem.



::24:: (Still River)

No, he told the switchboard, he was not family. Bu the was a close friend.
“And your name, sir?”
“Ananda Wolf.”
“Just a second.”
A few clicks later Melissa came on the line. “Ananda.”
“Yes.”
“I was early,” she said.
“Doctor Ross told me,”
“She called you?”
“No, I called her.”
“It just happened. Out of the blue,” she said. Then added, “I wish you could have been here.”
“I would very much have liked to,” said Ananda.
“Ruth was in a hurry,” she said.
“How are you? And how is Ruth?”
“I feel good. I feel more than good, I feel blessed. But,” she added as if an afterthought. “Charles didn’t make it.”
“What happened?”
“He was in San Francisco.”
Ananda didn’t quite know how to answer that. He was not particularly surprised that Charles had managed to miss the birth of his own daughter, but it was quite unpardonable.
“I’m so sorry,” is what he said.
“Well, so am I.”
“And how is Ruth?” he asked.
“She is perfection,” said Melissa, and Ananda could picture her smile.
“I’m sure she is,” he said.
“Are you coming down?”
“Perhaps in a few weeks,” he said.
“You have to meet,” said Melissa. “You and your project.”
Ananda had to smile. She didn’t realize how accurately she had put it.
“Yes, we do,” he said. “Soon.”
“She is the most perfect, most amazing, most miraculous thing you’ve ever seen,” she said.
“Wouldn’t surprise me one bit.”
“I’ve decided to forgive Charles,” she said then. “I can’t stay angry with him, though God knows he deserves it.”
“You’re a good person,” said Ananda, and meant it.
“Oh, I don’t know about that.”
“I do,” he said.



::25:: (Pasadena)

They remind me a little of the wet leather strips they used to secure me to the donkey—these tendons and muscles and arteries and lungs. This head, these arms, these legs, these toes, these fingers. Tightening as they dry, solidifying as you settle in and they grow, for now you are no longer boundless. No longer shapeless and airy.
Nor as expansive as in Tusita, where your body feels more like cloud than prison.
For once again I have solid form, the always present pressure of outline, capable of hurting. Mass permeates me, or I it, as if to remind me: I have struck a bargain, I have made an agreement.
It is mine. This thing. All of it.
The truth is that this it, this little life we call Ruth—nearly two weeks old now—is perfectly capable of living without me, without my supervision, without an inhabitant. Lots of life here going on without me adding to it. All that metabolism, all those endocrine glands, sensing, sampling, testing, measuring and secreting—to keep at optimum levels—all those little hormones. There is a city—nay, a country—nay, a world—of life rushing hither and yon, busy, busy, busy, with little or no thought of anyone or anything directing it all, this congregation. Busy just keeping alive: cells forming, dividing, dying, forming again.
An ocean of constant process.
And into this ocean I have settled. It is a little unsettling.
I feel, of course, that I’m wasting time, waiting for Ruth to grow. But what were the options? It’s not as if I could pry someone loose from an adolescent body, or even adult. Not ethically, anyway. The game here is you enter through this, the newly born. And—for better or for worse—you stick with it—literally.
Of course, at this stage of possession the typical possessor is not aware of possessing anything—too busy drowning in the body-sea, and will not surface for years yet. But I am Siddhattha Gotama, I am Giordano Bruno, I am Ruth, I am Tathagata, and I don’t drown. This is both blessing, and price to pay: for in this constantly shifting slough of an ocean, I am fully aware.
Aware of the little bed I lie in, comfortable and mostly drowsy. Aware of my room—light blue walls with stars and far too many moons pasted to the darker blue ceiling (Melissa insisted upon it). My room is on the ground floor—the only floor—of a very nice house in the city of Pasadena, California. It lies south of the freeway, as Charles likes to point out to friends and family (Pasadena is a city with a dual reputation: north and south of the freeway, south the less affordable), and is built from brown wood. It sits on a large lawn, which I am sure will need a lot of watering come summer.
And I am aware of the many needs of the little body, its frequent hungers and thirsts, and of course the frequent needs to dispel—which I can do at will and at any time; I’m supposed to do just that, and Melissa is supposed to clean me up. It’s an odd and a little embarrassing arrangement, but I remember it well from earlier little lives.
I am aware of my parents, Melissa and Charles, and of their troubles. And not only am I aware of them as human beings—I hear them talk often—but also as souls: I am aware of their inner landscapes, their images and thoughts and turbulences which like white and gray clouds across Melissa’s sky, or like dark thunder across Charles’s, move in and out of view and obstruct outlook and reason for these poor people.
These poor humans.
I am aware.



::26:: (Still River)

Charles answered the phone.
“Yes?”
“Good morning, Charles. This is Ananda Wolf. I’d like to speak to Melissa, please.”
“She’s asleep.”
Why Charles always seemed on the edge of complaining, Ananda had yet to figure out.
“Ah. Is she doing okay? And Ruth?”
“Mother and baby are just fine, Mister Wolf.” Meaning, as far as Ananda could tell: please hang up and don’t bother us.
“Perhaps you could let her know I called. And tell her that I might come down to see her and Ruth soon.”
“There’s no need for that.”
“Melissa has asked me to.”
“I know.”
“So, perhaps in a week or two?”
“There really is no need.”
“I realize that. It’s no problem.”
“I will let her know that you called.”
And in the middle of Ananda’s “Thank You” Charles hung up, without another word.
Ananda did, too. A little worried for mother and child.
:
Melissa called him back later that morning.
“Ananda. Charles said you called.”
He could tell that she was upset. “Yes, I did.”
“I had to drag it out of him,” she said. Then added, “I heard it ring.”
“What happened?”
“I’m not really sure. He is being difficult.”
“How difficult?” he asked, not knowing how better to put it.
The line went silent. Ananda could hear her breath, short and urgent.
“Are things all right?” said Ananda into the silence.
“No,” she said then. “No, things are not all right.”
“He is not abusive?” said Ananda.
“No. No. Not physically, if that’s what you mean. He just isn’t,” and she hesitated. “He just isn’t with us. As if Ruth were a burden, that he is now blaming me for.”
“Has he said that?”
“He doesn’t have to say it. It surrounds him like a cloud. I thought he was going to be happy about it, that things were going to grow more loving, more honest, between us once Ruth arrived. But it’s just the opposite, he’s more distant. He’s broody.”
“But he’s not,” and Ananda—thinking of Tathagata—cast about for the best way to put it. “He’s not a danger, is he?”
“No. Heaven’s no. He’s morose and not very pleasant to be around, but he would never, no.”
Ananda believed her, and felt relieved. “I’d like to come down an see you.”
“That would be nice,” she said. “That would be very nice.” Then asked, “How is the book coming?”
The book. Yes. The book. “Fine,” he said. “It’s coming along just fine.”
“I’m glad,” she said.
“I’ll call again soon,” he said.
:
Ananda had barely hung up the phone when Ruth spoke, Tathagata making nothing of the distance between them. “She is worried,” she said.
“Yes, I can tell.”
“Coming down would not be a bad idea. And sooner rather than later. She does not see how upset Charles really is beneath the morose surface.”
“Is he a danger?”
“I doubt he is, but he could be, yes.”
“I’ll make the arrangements,” said Ananda. “Do you think I should come to stay for a while?”
“How long is a while?”
“Weeks, months.”
“No, I don’t think so. Not yet at any rate. But she needs you right now.”
“I will book a flight.”
“That would be good.”



::27:: (Pasadena)

Charles was not happy to see him, and was not going to any great lengths to conceal it. Melissa, the very opposite.
“Mister Wolf,” he said, answering the door, makikng it sound like an accusation.
“Mister Marten. Charles. Good to see you again,” said Ananda, offering his hand, which Charles took, more by reflex than by courtesy. A huge hand, Ananda reflected and not for the first time. Charles had been a quarterback, or was it wide receiver, in college, one or the other, where hands this size apparently were of some use.
Charles let go of Ananda’s hand the moment he realized he was holding it, as if burned. “Yes,” he said.
“I’ve come to see Melissa,” said Ananda. “And Ruth.”
“I gathered,” said Charles, and only after a brief internal debate stepped aside to let Ananda into the house.
And there they were, Tathagata and his mother, in the living room doorway, Ruth cradled in Melissa’s arms, wide awake and looking directly at Ananda with startlingly blue eyes. So blue they seemed to carry their own light.
“Melissa,” said Ananda.
Melissa smiled, and waved with the fingers of her right hand the way friendly young women do. He crossed the entryway and looked down at Ruth, all pink face and blue eyes still fastened upon his. “And Ruth,” he said.
Melinda held up her daughter to give Ananda a better look. Motherly. Proudly.
“It is good to see you again, Ananda,” thought Ruth into the privacy of Ananda’s universe.
“And you,” answered Ananda over the same path, and as clearly into Tathagata’s universe.
“I’m late,” said Charles arriving back from the inside of the house, now carrying his briefcase and coat. Then, half-way through the outside door, he turned: “There’s a chance I’ll have to go down to San Diego today. Might be late.”
Melissa lost her smile, looked up and nodded that she had heard.
“Don’t wait up,” said Charles.
“I won’t,” said Melissa.
Charles did not slam the door shut behind him, but he pulled it twice to ensure it was truly closed, as if the lock might have a habit of acting up. Satisfied that the door was indeed shut, the sound of Charles’s footsteps carried him away from wife and child and for the dog-eat-dog of law.
“He works long hours,” said Melissa as if Charles had called for an explanation.
“It cannot be easy,” said Ananda, “to work for your father.”
“Especially his father.”
“He set high expectations?”
“He sets unattainable expectations. That’s what I think.” Then she entered the living room, inviting Ananda to follow. She sat down, and looked at Ruth for a long silent moment, then said, as if this had been on her mind ever since Ananda arrived:
“She doesn’t cry.”
Before Ananda could answer, or even think of one, Tathagata’s thought spanned the room to where he sat.
“I know,” he said. “I am supposed to cry.”
“Yes, you are,” Ananda replied. “You must not frighten her.”
“What did you say?” said Melissa, startled out of gazing at Ruth.
Neither Ruth, nor Ananda, answered, on any plane. But they both wondered the same thing: She had heard?
That is when Ananda collected himself sufficiently to answer her, “That makes for nice, restful nights. Doesn’t it.”
“Well, it should,” said Melissa. “But then I worry instead, and that keeps me awake.”
“She doesn’t cry at all?” said Ananda. As much to Melissa as to Ruth.
“No, she doesn’t cry at all. She has never cried. Not even at the hospital, one of the nurses told me. She didn’t even cry when she, well, arrived.”
“She didn’t?”
“No.”
Ruth looked at Ananda. Guilty as charged, and not proud of it.
“Have you asked Doctor Ross?” said Ananda, after a brief reflection.
“No.” She said, “She’s not her pediatrician.”
“Ah. Does she have one?”
“Of course,” said Melissa, with a quick glance from Ruth to Ananda. “Doctor Fairfield.”
“What does he say?”
“She. Beverly Fairfield.”
“Sorry.”
“You couldn’t know.”
“Did you ask her?”
“Not yet.”
“It’s probably nothing to worry about.”
“She’s almost three weeks old,” said Melissa. “From what I’ve found on the Internet, it’s very unusual. And not even when she was born,” she added.
“But not dangerous? Surely?”
“No, not that I have found, just very unusual.”
“I’d ask Doctor Fairfield about it.”
Melissa, seemingly caught in another thought, said, “I’ve tried to explain it to Charles.”
When Ananda said nothing, Melissa went on, “You know what he said?”
“No.”
“Well, he apologized, of course, said it was a bad joke, and that he really didn’t mean it. And he was tired when he said it.”
“What did he say?”
Melissa had trouble telling him, but in the end managed. “Let sleeping dogs lie. That’s what he said. Let sleeping dogs lie.”
Ananda was a little shocked at that, at the insensitivity of the man. But perhaps he should not be surprised, he thought. It seemed like par for the Charles course.
“That was a bit insensitive,” said Ananda.
“It was very insensitive,” said Melissa. “And I told him so. That’s when he apologized. Even he saw that that was a stupid thing to say.”
Ananda said nothing.
“Then I tried to explain to him how worried I was about it.” Melissa briefly looked out the window, eyes shiny with tears unarrived, and Ananda was struck by how they, too, like Ruth’s, seemed to have some internal light. She seemed to address the sky outside. “He listened for a while, I could see that he made an effort.” Then she turned to face Ananda again, “But I could also see that to him this was not a problem, and that he listened—or appeared to be concerned—just to make me feel better.”
Ananda almost said “Well, that’s always something.” But didn’t. Instead he said, “Do you want me to talk to him?”
He could almost feel Tathagata shake an invisible head at that. Matching Melissa’s blond hair swaying back and forth as she, too, shook her head. “No,” she said. “He wouldn’t listen to you.”
“He doesn’t like me, does he?”
“No.”
Ananda nodded. That came as no surprise.



::28:: (Pasadena)

It is an odd sensation to have a body go to sleep on you.
One moment it’s quite awake, everything’s working just fine: ears, eyes, bowels, lungs, heart, just humming away like the incredibly well-designed piece of machinery it is. Then, for no apparent reason—other than, perhaps, over-contentment—curtains are rapidly pulled shut and, if you don’t manage to scramble out of the theater before they lock the doors, suddenly all is one black and deep oblivion.
I did manage to scramble out of my head before sleep arrived like a hastily assembled midnight, and now I watch her, this little body of mine—which really has no reason to cry, and seems well aware of that—lies oblivious to all but the tick-tick-tick of a tiny heart. There’s a gentle almost smile on her face, and those lashes: Charles’s dark, long lashes. She will grow a startling face, this Ruth of mine.
Melissa is talking, and Ananda is listening. He is a good listener, my Ananda. And Melissa, as she unburdens, finds a peace in being heard and understood. I see the bond forming between them, and that is precisely why I needed Ananda to come down in person.



::29:: (Pasadena)

Melissa was putting Ruth’s little socks away when someone came into the room and now stood behind her.
Watching her.
That was the sensation. Someone was watching her. She felt eyes.
Socks still in hand, she turned very slowly—and very afraid now, for she had heard no one enter the room. The one watching her made not a sound. She turned all the way to no one there. To empty bedroom. Only Ruth, shifting now in her bed to look at the ceiling.
Aware of her heart racing, though beginning to slow again, and aware of perspiration forming on her brow, Melissa stood stock-still for many breaths, listening hard to the noises reaching the very attentive. But there were no footsteps hurrying away from beyond the door among them. Only her own breath, and Ruth’s, and distant sounds of outside world—the muted growl of an engine angrily up the street, the distant waterfall of freeway, a thin call of anxious bird, and its answer. And her still slowing heart.
Ruth turned her head again, away from the ceiling (and its paper cosmos) and back toward Melissa, six-weeks-old eyes falling into and holding Melissa’s equally blue ones in an embrace far too mature.
Melissa did not notice at first, but her heart did and seized on this something unnatural, this very alive glance that spoke of intelligence and curiosity, concern even, and alarmed it shook several times as if to wake its owner, then began racing again.
Ruth, as if noticing the tell-tale heart, looked away, past Melissa, and out the window, to decipher cloudy secrets.
Melissa had yet to move.



::30:: (Pasadena)

“Charles.”
Charles, chewing carefully the way his mother had taught him, did not respond immediately. He finished chewing first. In fact, made a point of it. Then he said, “Yes?”
Melissa drew a deep breath but seemed to think better of it.
“What?” said Charles, looking at his wife.
“You know how you can tell,” began Melissa, but did not continue.
“You know how you can tell, what?”
Another intake of air by Melissa failed to produce a finished sentence, and Charles, knife and fork suspended above his plate of food, began to cloud. Darkly. “You know how you can tell, what?”
“You know how you can tell when someone’s looking at you?”
“What do you mean?”
“Someone’s looking at you from behind. You can tell.”
After a brief pause, Charles said, “I don’t see how.”
“You don’t?”
“I don’t see how you can tell that.”
“Well, you can.”
“If you say so.”
Melissa took a long look at her husband, as if searching for something, or someone. Charles, in turn, waited what seemed to be a required number of seconds, then arranged another bite onto his fork, brought it to his mouth, and began chewing.
Melissa, too, looked down and returned to her meal.
Ruth, in her portable cot on the floor by the door looked from one of her parents to the other.



::31:: (Pasadena)

“Charles.”
To my ear she sounds part apprehensive, part uncertain, though perhaps mostly discouraged—as if she does not hold much hope that her husband will understand; but Charles, chewing away, does not seem to notice.
I realize that I have been careless, or inconsiderate, or both.
She does not know for certain, for that is one of the conditions of being human, one of their shackles. She does not know, but she is afraid that what she fears is true. This amidst doubts that tell her not to look closer, to let go, to dismiss. For what if it were true? This thing that cannot be. And what cannot be, cannot be true. This is what doubt preaches, that is its mission.
Her startled, searching, frightened eyes have met mine and at least this once I did not veil my curiosity in time—she saw this, this mature interest so impossible in a human only six weeks old.
“Yes?” he says, but not until he has finished what he was doing—for what Charles does must not be interrupted. I am not sure how many mastications his mother may have prescribed per bite, but he is staying true to that number.
Melissa is afraid, there’s no other word for it. Her memory in turmoil, images of my eyes upon hers, claiming the impossible, but how could they possibly? Still, she saw what she saw. But cannot have.
And warring thus within, she says nothing.
“What?” says Charles, before starting the next bite. Annoyed with his wife for interfering.
“You know how you can tell,” she says, but no more.
“You know how you can tell, what?”
Still she says no more, and Charles, quick to an anger he suppresses mostly unsuccessfully, asks again, a little louder—making the point that now that he is actually being inconvenienced, “You know how you can tell, what?”
And Melissa—ignoring warring images—takes what must be a plunge. “You know how you can tell when someone’s looking at you?”
Charles does not know. “What do you mean?” he says.
“Someone’s looking at you from behind. You can tell.”
He ponders. Though not the question, for it’s a meaningless question, but his wife. Has she taken leave of her senses? “I don’t see how,” he says, truthfully.
She looks at him, more surprised now than afraid, “You don’t?”
“I don’t see how you can.” Charles gets the feeling he is missing something, and does not like it. His wife is not being logical, and he likes logic.
Melissa is searching now—hope against hope—for an echo, for an understanding, for some resonance within her husband. Five heartbeats later, resigned to the lack of echo, she looks over her shoulder in my direction, while I look at Charles. She says, “Well, you can.”
“If you say so,” he answers. His well-worn way of ending discussions he does not care to participate in.
Melissa looks back at her husband, a little bewildered, and still afraid. He returns her glance according to some predetermined protocol, then resumes eating.
The ensuing silence is quite profound.
Melissa looked and looked for one, but there was no connection between them. It confounds her greatly, fanning her apprehension. This does not move Charles, however, for he—back now at his task of chewing properly—does not notice.
:
I wish that I could comfort her. Yes, I wish that more than I can tell. But I also know that I cannot do that without revealing myself, and I know that by appearing in her internal world I will do more damage than good.
For what was once commonplace is now supernatural, this visiting the internal worlds of others, and the supernatural is, almost by definition, a frightening proposition that only the awake, or almost awake, can tolerate.
Even so, I have been on the verge of doing precisely that a few times when her worry colors the room, and compassion for my mother threatens to explode my little heart; on the verge of telling her it is all right, Melissa. Things will be fine. I am Tathagata, I have come to visit. You have given me birth. There is nothing to be afraid of.
Were she sufficiently awake to not scare and assume the worst: that she is mad; yes, then I would tell her.
And I would tell her that this is the way things are, this is how spirits commune.
:
While Melissa has yet to wake, she is stirring—the surface not so very far. Her husband, on the other hand, is very much asleep, deeply rooted in spiritual comatose.
Yes, Melissa stirs now and then. She does not deny to herself, not entirely, that our eyes did meet, and that she saw mature interest in mine. On some level she allows: it could be. Of course it isn’t, but it could be. And so, part of her stirs (and at times happily so) at the recognition of what couldn’t possibly be.
Charles, on the other hand, would not only deny hearing, he would not hear, were I to speak within him. He is battened down hard, will let no thing not of this world through—is scared witless at the possibility, and so, of course, it does not exist.
Possibly, I could have chosen a better set of parents. But I like her, Melissa, I like her very much, and I believe she is the right mother for Tathagata. I believe we will be fine.
Charles is another matter.



::32:: (Pasadena)

This little body I wear stills easily, each little limb easing into calmness as I ask it to settle. Head nestled into pillow, body warm and content under blanket.
And so stilled, I now find its breath—that gentle brushing of air against nostril, so softly in and so softly out—the most natural of events, and always in the present—and I follow it, this in and this out so gentle as to be almost imperceptible, once, twice, three times, four times, and here I find and enter in a small gust of recognition—like a comfortable garment I know well—the first jhana, pathama-jhana, where I rest into the breath and dwell.
The world does not go away, but it fades, becomes something lived next door, by considerate neighbors.
And here is a joy I recognize, and a bliss, and that pure focus we often call one-pointedness. To me, this is a familiar antechamber, the threshold to deeper—or loftier, depending on view—states, where I am now heading to contemplate, again, the best path to take in the current world, this modern and cynical place, in order to shed it some light.
The soft in and out of the breath fades as I enter the second jhana—dutiya-jhana. Here, in the first true chamber of meditation, verbal and conceptual thoughts have faded with the breath, and joy stands like air in welcome, bliss in hand, and concentration near absolute. I could remain here, and ponder against this happiness, but rapture is strong, it is vibrant and to that degree a distraction. So I sink (or rise—directions are immaterial without gravity) into the third jhana—tatiya-jhana—where joy fades, leaving a stiller happiness, a quiet bliss, and a focus stronger still.
I know this chamber, too. I know it well. I have dwelled here often, immersed in this gauze-like sea of beatitude. I can choose to stay, if I so wish, but I don’t. I let go one more time, setting bliss free, to ascent to the fourth jhana—catuttha-jhana—to find and enter an equanimity so sheer as to be indistinguishable from concentration. This is the chamber I prefer when searching for answers, for here each view—wordless, yet precise—cuts like a beam through darkness and into the light of comprehension, into the clear seeing of things as they are. It is where I know most easily. So here I settle.
Freed now from the world surrounding to be and sto ee. And free to again view and determine how best to stir these slumbering people awake. This suffering world.

Judging by Melissa, and especially by Charles, and by the many I’ve seen come and go to wish them—and me—welcome and good luck (and my, isn’t she cute), it is as if they continue to slide down a long, and ever-steepening, slope of ignorance. Surely this clinging, this craving for possession and sensation—for wealth, for power, for entertainment, always entertainment and more and more of it—was not as deeply rooted, nor as thoroughly fused, when I walked northern India as Siddhattha Gotama, as Tathagata.
Surely.
And while the greed I now see might not be as overtly spectacular as what I saw when I, as Giordano Bruno, grieved for the folly of the Christian Church and its insatiable necessity to own and own and own, it has since then grown stronger and more insidious, for it seems to now have fused completely with the soul. In Bruno’s time there was still a discernable gap—the finest crevice, to be sure, but still crevice—between soul and its cravings, a fine space that had yet to fully close. Today, I see no such gap.
Charles, for instance, is his cravings, is his needs to possess and control; he has become, he is his owning and directing and enjoying what he chews so well and then swallows.
When I walked northern India, the highest King as well as the lowest laborer knew that all was not well, that all was part appearance, and that there was a spiritual choice, a lasting path. The meanest thief, the wealthiest merchant, the most lascivious of prostitutes, the most leprous of beggars, they all knew, and acknowledged as real and justified, that many holy men who wandered the roads with their mendicant bowls in search of a higher truth. The misery of appearance was no secret then, the door to a richer spiritual path stood open, and even the most ignorant of souls knew this.
They even pretended to know this in Bruno’s realm, this path leading away from the flesh, the door stood partially open still. A few even found it and stepped out.
But not today. The spirit, for all the lip service paid to holiness, is wholly submerged, fused with its desires. The crevice, the door, closed.
Melissa and Charles are both Catholic, on paper. Still, they are as removed from any God—or any concept of true deity—as are any of their furniture; especially Charles—perhaps I am being unfair to Melissa, for she is closer to the surface by far.
I hear what is said on the radio. I hear and see what is spoken of on the television, and it rends my heart: the darkness, the complete absence of even the smallest fissure between spirit and greed, the merging, the welding of these poor people into the dictates of craving. And I wonder what will possibly stir them awake? What can I possibly do to reach them?
And as I examine again magga—the eightfold path I conceived as Tathagata—I attempt to adopt it to this changed and solidified world, keeping despair at bay with one hand, and the question whether I am indeed too late, at bay with the other.
And so I dwell here in the fourth jhana’s deep samadhi in search of answers; and I am undisturbable, lost for the moment to the world.



::33:: (Pasadena)

Melissa, after cleaning most of the morning, and now taking a well-deserved rest in front of the television set, tried to put her finger on something. She looked at her watch, then looked around her. Then back at the screen. It eluded her.
It was past noon, the nature show she liked had ended, and they were now well into the midday news with its new accidents, its new stock market figures and business problems, its latest shooting, and with its ever worsening traffic—none of which she really cared about. It certainly wasn’t delivered to cheer anyone up, that’s for sure, and only lured part of her attention.
All the while that missing thing, that something that needed her finger put on it kept out of sight, though still somewhere nearby in all its missingness. Quietly nudging.
What was it?
She looked at her watch again, then around the room. Then out through the window at a blue sky, just a thin, high cloud to mar it. Oh yes, of course, the gardener. Should have been here by now? There was no buzzing of lawnmower or scream of leaf blower. That’s the missing thing.
Or not.
No, that wasn’t it. Today was Thursday, he was not due until tomorrow. What then?
She glanced through to the kitchen, nothing missing there. Then down the hallway to her left, leading to the bedrooms, to hers and Charles’s far too large—in her opinion—master suite (why do they call it “master” suite, anyway? Why not the “mistress” suite?), to the guest bedroom, and on to Ruth’s beautiful little chamber (which is how she thought of it). And then things fell into place, the missing thing stepped into view: Of course. It was past eleven, when she normally ate, way past. Ruth should have let her know by now that she was starving.
For she had become quite vocal about that—much to her relief, actually—about eating, about feeding times. Crying, just like a baby should, and when she should. And should have by now.
Melissa turned off the television set, rose, and made her way to Ruth’s room. Softly swung the door open.
She was still asleep, bless her. Soundly, too—she would normally stir when she entered the room, as if somehow she knew.
Melissa bent down, her lips close to her daughter’s ear, and whispered her name, “Ruth. Ruth.” And still she slept on, not even a stir.
“Ruth,” she whispered again.
Not a stir.
“Ruth.” A little louder this time.
Not a stir.
“Ruth.” It was almost a shout.
Ruth did not respond.
Here rose panic, profound and vicious, and it nearly gagged her. A mute scream, her viscera in unison: Something was terribly wrong. She fought it down, willed herself calm. “Ruth,” she said again. “Wake up.”
Not a stir.
“Wake up.” Screaming now.
Ruth did not wake up.
Melissa then touched her daughter’s shoulder. Lightly at first. Then firmly. Then she shook it, none too gently.
But Ruth remained asleep.
The ugly song of dread reached her heart, and Melissa backed off, staring at the crib and the lifeless thing within it. Her fist rose and reached her mouth.
“Charles,” she heard herself say, though barely aloud, as if he—and his grasp of law—could make this wrong thing right.
When panic took full charge, Melissa knew that her daughter had died. Babies die, it happens. And it had just happened to Ruth. She bit her knuckles so hard that she yelped a little; brought the fist out of her mouth and saw deep teeth mark in the skin, broken, about to bleed.
But why? Dear God, why?
Although terrified now, although hovering over an abyss only too ready to receive and swallow her, by sheer act of will she forced herself to again approach Ruth’s cot. She reached it and there stood very still for many a quick breath watching her face, her arms, her chest, and then she saw: its slow and soft rising, its slow and soft falling. Its stillness.
Its slow and soft rising, its slow and soft falling. Its stillness.
Again Melissa leaned over her daughter and put her ear to Ruth’s nose. There, the soft whisper of breath kissed her lobe, and Melissa’s vision blurred. After making doubly, trebly sure, she straightened and sank to the floor, crying now. Ruth was alive.
“Ruth, Ruth,” she said, over and over, a mantra still ignored by her daughter.
Then Melissa rose again, dried her eyes with the side of her hands and went to dial 911.
:
They were surprisingly quick. That’s what she’d tell Becky later, “I barely had time to hang up.”
Melissa heard them pull up, loud siren shrieking their arrival, and by sheer reflex wished they’d turn the thing off, Ruth was asleep. Then she caught the contradiction, shook her head—was she losing it, or what? Then, as the ambulance stopped, the siren fell quiet. Feet running, and then the doorbell. She let them in, and led them to Ruth’s chamber.
Ruth stirred as they entered, and opened her eyes, turned her head, looking for the noise. The two paramedics looked at Ruth, who suddenly smiled, and then at Melissa.
“Okay,” asked one of them. “What is wrong with her?”
“She wouldn’t wake up,” said Melissa, looking at Ruth looking at her.
“She’s awake now,” said the other one.
“I can see that,” said Melissa, instantly regretting her tone of voice. “I’m sorry. She must have just woken up.”
“So, what happened?” He was the taller of the two, and had short blond hair. “Tell me what happened.”
And Melissa did.
They then checked Ruth over as well as they could, but found nothing wrong with her. “You should bring her in,” said the darker one. The one who wore a T-shirt that said Phish on it (strange way of spelling it). “They can run some tests.”
“Especially if it happens again,” said the blond one.
Melissa nodded first to the one, then to the other. “Yes. Yes, I will do that.”
Then she looked at Ruth, who seemed to wonder at all the fuss. Then her daughter began to cry. Hungry, she cried. Definitely hungry.
Melissa thanked the two men, and saw them out. “Sorry,” she said again, though she wasn’t really sure what for.
“Better safe than sorry,” said the blond one, looking back at Melissa. He wasn’t smiling though.



::34:: (Pasadena)

It is not the sound that calls me. Not the wailing, the feverish screeching of wading birds clamoring for flight, throats aflame, beating the air with furious wings, not this, for truly I had not heard it, not at first.
It is a panic, broadcast on some wavelength I am at loss to name. A terror nearby, a breaking heart, too stunned to mourn.
I ease out of the fourth jhana, back into the third, and then the second, and now I hear it, that wailing, distant though approaching, in response to panic.
And so I ease into and then leave the first jhana as well, and step out through eyes flung open onto a smaller room for the many people in it. Then I recognized the room as mine and I count only three, though two of them are not Melissa and they are very large. Melissa looks at me, bewilderment and relief crowding her eyes.
It is only then that I realize my mistake.
The paramedics do their best to find something wrong with me, but fail.
“You should bring her in,” says one of them. “They can run some tests.”
“Especially if it happens again,” says the other.
“Yes. Yes, I will do that,” says Melissa`
I decide I had better tell her I am hungry. Something for my mother to understand and hold onto.
So I cry my best I’m-hungry impression.
And I notice Melissa relax. She sees the two men out, then comes back to feed me.
:
There is a lot to be said for a mother’s milk.
Melissa is young, and I am her first child. Everything about her works to perfection, and her breasts are a constant source of warm sustenance.
It is sweet and slightly blue, but to me it’s golden, like honey. And unending. The more I drink the more there is to drink.
I feel slightly indulgent, gorging myself on this energy drink, but the more I drink, the happier Melissa is, so I’m drinking for both of us.
And now, I can feel her calming again after her scare. Still, though, between my strong drafts—which seem to tickle her—the image of my not responding returns to her, and she tries to understand. Cannot. Cannot see why I should not have heard her, why I would not have felt her shaking me. As if I had left, she thinks—which, of course, is not too far from the truth.
She makes a brave attempt to dispel the episode as some momentary aberration that probably didn’t even take place, but she is too aware to succeed at this. She knows what she saw, there is no denying it. Either that, or she is losing her mind, is her exact thought. And what worries me is that she gives her loss of mind a small, but nonetheless actual, possibility.
And what troubles me more is that this is my doing.
And what with Charles being, if not an immediate threat, still a towering cloud on the horizon, I realize I need some help, and that I must ask Ananda to come back to California, sooner rather than later.
I will need him.
Melissa will need him.



::35:: (Still River)

Ananda Wolf views Tathagata’s return into existence, word by word. It is as if his life has gathered into closer and closer focus to finally alight upon this story, the one that needs telling more than any other story.
His cabin, so near the cliff face as to be perched, overlooks the now agitated lake, and Ananda’s awareness moves from the steel-gray water to the concerned Tathagata, and then back, and then back again.
“Ananda.” The thought not so much arrives as appears amid his alternating contemplations.
“Yes.”
“I worry about her.”
“I know.”
“I need you here.”
“I can come.”
“Can you come to stay?”
At that Ananda pauses. He had expected this request, of course. But not now, not for at least a year or two.
“Will that be necessary?”
“Yes, I believe it will.”
“Something has happened,” Ananda knew as he said it.
“Yes,” Ruth admitted.
“Tell me.”
“I meditated,” she said. “I entered the fourth jhana, the better to see things, and I forgot about her, her motherly concerns.”
“She tried to wake you,” said Ananda, the picture quite vivid.
“Yes.”
“And she failed.”
“Of course.”
“What did she do?”
“She called the ambulance.”
“They came?”
“They came.”
“I see.”
“She cannot forget this,” said Ruth. “And she must not doubt her own perception.”
“Which she will likely do,” said Ananda.
“Which she tries to do,” said Ruth.
“It will take some time.”
“The sooner the better.”
Then she left. Though evaporated might be a better word. The sensation of an awareness shifting away is an odd one. It is the removal of potential, a nothing which nonetheless is a something. The perception is acute, though nearly impossible to describe. Ananda tried, but was not all that happy with the result.
:
It took Ananda three weeks to arrange things. At first he thought of selling his cabin, but changed his mind. It might be needed later. Besides, he loved the place, it had grown a part of him, as much as a leg or an arm.
He advertised it for rent, and within a week had settled on a young couple, both professionals, but both pinching pennies to pay off their student loans (they said), a rental was precisely what they needed, and this one was perfect—if a bit snug. It was understood that the arrangement was to be month-to-month, though nothing was put in writing. Ananda knew people by seeing them, and he knew this young couple to be honorable and reliable simply by perceiving their private universes.
There was furniture to be put in storage, and there was packing to be done. There was also a place to be found in California, but Ananda decided to find an inexpensive hotel first, and find suitable accommodations from there.
He felt not a little proud that he managed to fit all that he needed to bring into Frugal, his little car, and when he set out down the I-95 for California, he tingled with anticipation and recollection both. The Buddha had called, and, again, he was responding, coming to his aid.
Just across the Oregon-California border, Ruth appeared again.
“Ananda.”
“Yes.”
“You are on your way.”
“Yes, Tathagata.”
“All is well?”
“All is well.”
“I am glad.”
“I am too,” said Ananda.
“And not a moment too soon,” said Ruth, but rather than explain, she disappeared again.



::36:: (Glendale)

Ananda found a hotel about 15 minutes drive from Pasadena which announced “monthly rates” in disturbingly bold letters readable from the freeway.
Truth be told, it was far from any ideal Ananda might have harbored about temporary accommodations, but it was close, it was clean, and it was reasonably priced, so he signed up for a month, renewable month-to-month (just like his cabin, he thought with a pang of loss, for he already missed it, and he hoped his tenants were not too preoccupied to appreciate what he had invited them to enjoy).
His room was on the sixth floor, with a far away view of downtown Los Angeles, thinned and darkened by haze or fog or smog, Ananda wasn’t sure which. The huddled skyscrapers gave him an odd impression of a castle keep, tall towers, held together by ramparts (smaller scrapers), and rendered fairy tale by intervening atmosphere.
To his right he could see the eastern slopes of Griffith Park (said the map provided by the hotel to be found on the small round table). A harassed slice of nature that struck him as confused and uncertain, caged on all sides by freeway and exhausts. He compared it to the proud trees protecting his cabin and knew that he would never again come here by choice.
He sat down in one of the two chairs, closed his eyes, and listened hard for any warning signs of noisy neighbors. Ten minutes later he was satisfied that this was probably as good a room as he was going to find—he had an option to switch to other vacant rooms, should this one not be to his liking—and began unpacking the few belongings he had brought (clothes, mainly, and books).
Then he thought: “Okay, Ruth. You can come out now.”
:
When I cast my mind back it seems there is not a time when I did not know Ananda. I say “seems” for I’m sure there was such a time, when the world was young—or at least much younger—but the backward glance sees life after life where he is either my brother, or sister, or mother, or father, or as now, a best friend, a comrade. It is only since my return to Tusita that we parted for any meaningful time, for once Siddhattha Gotama’s body faded, Ananda—along with other leaders of the Sangha—focused all his attentions on remembering and establishing the Dhamma, again putting others before himself; before he in the end crossed the river, though not into Nibbana, which was his destination by right and achievement, but—knowing I would return—into Nimmanarati Heaven, where he, awaiting my word, enjoyed his music for a while (which he’ll do at the drop of hat, give five undisturbed minutes).
And now, here he is again, unpacking what few things (mainly books) he brought from his far away Idaho to again stand by me, protect me, help me with this so very hard-to-help world.
He knows I’m here, of course, and now, all settled, he speaks the way we always speak, immediately and directly, universe to universe: “Okay, Ruth,” he says, thinks, intends, resonates, appears. “You can come out now.”
And so I do. I step into his universe as brightly as he into mine, and it is as if we both wore saffron robes again, on this common ground, under long ago calmer skies.
“Welcome,” I say.
He touches my robe, one brief smoothing of a crease at my shoulder, a gesture I know so well, a gesture so Ananda, always making sure I look my best, un-creased and ready for the day.
Then he smiles and says, “How are you, Tathagata?”
“I am worried,” I reply.
:
And I am worried.
Although I have not repeated my mistake of entering the Jhanas so deeply as to let go my surroundings, Melissa—though she has tried her very best—has not been able to shake her memory of the one mistake I did make.
For one brief, horrifying moment, she knew Ruth had died. No deeper scar is ever carved upon a mother’s heart, and memory gouges it deeper. She cannot let go of the still body, unresponsive to even her hands and highest screams. So terribly, terribly wrong.
She never told Charles about the episode, and he only found out when the ambulance bill arrived a week or so later asking for their deductible (a significant amount). Wanting to know “what the hell this was all about,” Melissa told him. As if Ruth had disappeared, is how she put it, knowing well that her husband would not understand something she could not herself make sense of.
“Disappeared,” he said. “What are you talking about?”
“It didn’t matter what I did, I even shook her, shouted at her. She would not respond.”
“What did the paramedics say?”
“By that time she was back.”
“By that time she was back?,” he repeated, skeptically.
“Yes, she was back again.”
“Are you sure you’re okay?” he said.
“Of course I’m not bloody okay. I don’t understand what happened to her. And now, you don’t even believe me.”
“Of course I believe you.”
“Don’t lie, Charles.”
He was about to reassure her that he was not lying, that of course he believed her, but he was lying, no denying it. And Melissa saw that. And he saw that Melissa saw that.
What Melissa didn’t see, however, but I did, was the growing suspicion that his wife was losing it, as he put it to himself. The baby too much of a stress perhaps. First she wasn’t crying, and that was a big problem—as if that’s even a problem—and now she disappears, while Melissa conveniently forgets about ambulances. Something was if not already wrong with her, then certainly headed in that direction. He would have to talk to someone about this, he decided, perhaps his mother. She would know what to do. She was good at these things. Or, better yet, his father. He knew good doctors.
All this while Melissa was still talking, trying—by her hands and facial expressions—to explain things to him, but none of the words reached him. This didn’t bother him for they would hardly bear meaningful currency. Charles was quite apt at tuning his wife out.
Melissa, noticing she was not getting through, raised her voice and tried again, this time with eyes on the brink of tears—whether from fear or frustration, Charles could not say, but what he could tell was that her teary behavior confirmed his, I wouldn’t say fears, but rather misgivings about his wife.
“Melissa, please,” he interrupted her at first opportunity, for he could not stand tears. “Calm down, for heaven’s sake.” Then he said, “I’m sure there’s a rational explanation for this. You could take her in. Have Doctor Fairfield take a look at her.”
“I already did.”
“You did?”
“The paramedics suggested that.”
“And?”
“And, there is nothing wrong with her. She’s perfectly healthy.”
“So, there is nothing wrong with her,” said Charles, regretting it the moment he saw Melissa’s reaction. He didn’t want to show his hand.
“I am not crazy, Charles.”
“No one says you are, Melissa.”
“I didn’t imagine this. It happened.”
“No one says it didn’t.” As reassuringly as possible.
“Oh, for heaven’s sake,” said Melissa. “Will you stop being so bloody patronizing.”
When Charles, momentarily at loss for words, didn’t reply, Melissa turned and left him standing in the kitchen, watching her head for my bedroom.
This was a few weeks ago, and although she has tried and tried, Melissa still cannot shake the dread or heal the scar of my blunder. I am not at all happy about this.
Neither she nor Charles has brought up this incident again, and she hopes he has put it behind him.
But he has not. He is in fact still working up his courage to bring this problem up with his father—who was never truly for this marriage in the first place and will most likely sermonize about it.
Ananda says, “Tell me.”
So I do.



::37:: (Glendale)

“Tell me,” said Ananda.
Tathagata did.
Ananda listened attentively to the many details that conspired to make Tathagata uneasy, envisioning as they unfolded many paths, many tacks that might set the ship right again, but none truly did.
But one.
When Tathagata had finished his telling, Ananda said, “We must tell her.”
Tathagata hesitated, “You deem that wise?”
“Yes.”
Then ceased hesitating, “Then do so.”



::38:: (Pasadena)

Such a telling, however, is more easily decided upon than done.
But Tathagata had agreed, Melissa needed to know the truth. It was either that or approaching madness, for no matter how she tried—and she kept trying—she could not shake the knowledge: she had seen what she had seen, but the seen was inexplicable, impossible—so much not making sense that perhaps she had not seen it, and so the wheel turned again, for she knew what she had seen, and Ruth had not woken up.
And there had also been the no crying. And there had been her eyes that once that were far too old, but only for the briefest of glimpses, so brief that perhaps she was wrong, but that was just it: she wasn’t wrong, she had seen, but then again, she could not have. There was no way out of that maze.
It would be Ananda’s telling, they both knew that.

The following morning, Ananda waited until Charles left for work—Ruth keeping him posted. Then he drove to Pasadena, wholly unsure how best to broach the subject and say what must be said. He parked Frugal by her house, made sure she was locked and walked the short path up to Melissa’s ornate front door.
She was surprised to see him, mildly shocked even, for she knew nothing of his coming. But in the next breath her surprise gave way to delight, and she embraced him as she would a rarely seen tough much loved sibling.
“Ananda.”
“In person.”
“I had no idea.”
“I have business in Los Angeles,” he said.
“The book?” she asked.
“That, too,” he answered.
“Wow,” she said, just looking at him, her smile wide, but uncertain, as if not quite reconciled yet to his just appearing like this. “Well,” she said. “Don’t just stand there. Come in.”
Ananda smiled, and complied. “How’s Ruth?” he asked as she closed the door behind him.
“She's fine,” she said. “She’s good.”
“Can I see her?”
“Sure.”
She led the way to Ruth’s bedroom. “She’s asleep,” she explained as she pushed the door from ajar to open.
And there she was, as tranquil as anything. Ananda stepped up to the cot and looked down at Tathagata, resting as with not a care in the world.
“Welcome,” thought Ruth.
Ananda nodded.
“Doctor Fairfield says she’s as healthy as anything.”
When Ananda turned to her, she added, “Her pediatrician.”
“She’s a picture of health,” said Ananda, glancing back at Ruth.
“I just fed her,” Melissa said. “She’ll sleep till noon now. That’s what she normally does these days.”
Ananda took a long look at Melissa, as proud a mother as he’d ever seen or imagined. Melissa smiled back, nodded, and seemed to look for somewhere to place her hands. Shadows rippled in those so very blue eyes, shifted, they almost pleaded for attention.
“Is everything all right?” said Ananda.
“Of course,” she answered, but a little too quickly.
“Tell me about it,” said Ananda.
The smile faded and her eyes studied his for several moments. “How do you know?” she asked. “Did Doctor Fairfield tell you?”
“No.”
“Did Charles?” Unlikely, but the possibility alarmed her.
“No.”
“So how then?”
And here Ananda simply said it. Whether this was wisely done or not he wasn’t sure, but then again, any broaching of the impossible may be as advisable as the next.
“Ruth,” he said.
Melissa did not hear that—or simply could not assimilate the word, the name, with the question—for she replied, “So how then?” as if Ananda had not spoken.
“Ruth,” he repeated. “Ruth told me.”
This was so obviously a joke (and not a very good one either) that Melissa should have laughed in dismissal—or if not in dismissal, at least out of politeness—without a second thought, but she had already had one brush with the impossible, and that now fissured her protection, if only by a hairline, and it checked her.
She looked at Ruth and then at Ananda, then at Ruth again. Then she slid down onto the floor, leaned against the wall, and hugged her knees. What she said next—spoken as if addressing the floor—surprised Ananda.
“Should I be afraid of you?”
“No, Melissa, you should not.”
“I shouldn’t?”
“No.”
“Then why am I beginning to?”
Ananda didn’t answer. Instead he sat down opposite Melissa, barely a foot away, and folded his legs in a near half lotus. He studied her face, her eyes, then her hands, which still had not found a comfortable resting place.
“What?” she said.
“Things are not always what they appear to be,” began Ananda.
“What do you mean?”
“You thought Ruth had died,” he said.
“Yes,” said Melissa. “That is precisely what I thought.”
Ananda could tell that realizing he knew, brought her relief.
“But she wasn’t dead.”
“No,” said Melissa. “She wasn’t.”
“She’s sorry she scared you,” said Ananda.
“Now you’re scaring me,” said Melissa.
Ananda held out his hands, inviting Melissa’s to finally find their rest. She placed hers in his. They were so very smooth, those lovely young mother’s hands, like doves in his darker, treelike ones.
“I have lied to you,” said Ananda.
Melissa jolted a little, and by reflex tried to bring her hands back. Ananda held them, warmly, firmly, and would not relinquish them.
“I am not writing a book,” he said.
She tried to answer, but it seemed like too many thoughts competed for air, and no two or three words would gather long enough to carry meaning.
“But that is the only lie I told, or will ever tell you,” he said.
“Why?” she said—unclear, it seemed, even to herself what she wondered.
“You believe in God,” he said. It was part question, part statement.
She nodded, a quick up and down. Her words still had too many jumbling takers, no one thought won rights to them.
“Have you prayed to him?” asked Ananda.
She nodded again.
“Has he answered you?”
She shook her head.
“Would it scare you if he did?”
That earned him a long glance, more curious than afraid now. Then she said, realizing as she said it that it was quite true:
“Yes, it would.”
Ananda’s turn to nod. “I thought so.” Then he asked:
“Have you heard of the Buddha?”
“Yes.”
“What do you know about him?”
“He lived in India.”
“What else do you know about him?”
“Not much. Nothing. A long time ago.”
“Do you believe in reincarnation, Melissa?”
“What are you talking about, Ananda?”
“Do you believe the soul lives on?”
“I believe it goes to heaven, or hell.”
“But not that it may live on in another body, in a new life?”
She hesitated. “I haven’t really thought about it,” she began. Then corrected herself, “No, that’s not true. I thought about it in college, now and then. I guess it could.”
Ananda increased his soft grip upon Melissa’s hands. Then said:
“It does.”
“Live on?”
“Yes.”
“What are you telling me, Ananda?”
“I am telling you that Ruth has lived before. And that he, who Ruth was then, now lives on.”
Ananda’s words seemed to enter one by one, and slowly at that. As if Melissa were reading them on the air, with difficulty.
“How can that be?” she finally said.
“How can water be?” said Ananda.
When Melissa said nothing in return, and continued to say nothing, Ananda said, “Ruth is the Buddha. The Buddha is Ruth. The Buddha has returned, and you are now his, or her, mother.”
Ananda fanned these words with all the sincerity he could muster. He had to reach her. He had no other choice. He had to impress this truth upon her. She had to receive it. So he watched her closely as she digested their meaning, battling.
Then she laughed, though not happily, and a little too loudly— bewilderment ripping the air in search of an outlet. “You are serious, aren’t you?” Then, when Ananda did not respond right away, and with an edge to it, “You really believe that, don’t you?”
“It is not a matter of belief, Melissa.”
Melissa, looking directly at Ananda now, said nothing.
“And yes,” Ananda finally releasing her hands, placing them, first one, then the other, on the floor between them, each one softly, gently, lovingly. “And, yes,” he repeated. “I am very serious.”
“How could you be?”
“That is why you thought her dead,” he said.
After several breaths: “I don’t understand.”
“Have you heard about meditation?”
“Yes.”
“He, she, Ruth, was meditating. She reached a state where she could not hear you, a state where you’d barely detect her breath.” Then he added, “Isn’t that what happened?”
“Yes,” she said. Then, after a pause that seemed to harbor her return to that moment, “Yes, that is what happened.”
“And she is sorry to have scared you.”
“How do you know that?”
“She told me.”
“She told you? How did she tell you? How could she possibly tell you, Ananda?”
“Like this,” thought Ruth. Clearly to Ananda. Indistinctly—but nonetheless perceivably—to Melissa.
For a set of heartbeats much hung in the balance. Melissa paled, and seemed to stop breathing, perhaps she did. She looked at Ananda with wider eyes, as if shouting the question inaudibly.
“Did you hear?” said Ananda.
Melissa said nothing, but instead looked past Ananda to the cot where Ruth still slept peacefully.
“That was Ruth,” he said. “That was your daughter talking to us.”
Still, Ananda felt as if Melissa could topple either way: into the abyss, madly bewildered, or onto the shore, certain, and none the worse for the crossing.
“How?” she managed.
“Like this,” thought Ruth.
“Like this?” thought Melissa, hardly believing her own thought.
“Yes,” thought Ananda and Ruth both.
Not sure why, Melissa began to cry.
:
After a while, Ananda helped Melissa to her feet. She smiled a thank you and dried her eyes with the sleeve of her shirt. “I’m sorry,” she said. “Don’t know what came over me.”
“Not at all,” said Ananda.
Melissa turned at the door and looked back a Ruth, who was still sleeping. She drew breath to say something, then changed her mind. Then, as if suddenly waking, she turned to Ananda. “Are you hungry?” she asked.
“Tea would be nice,” he said.

Over two cups of steaming green tea, she said, addressing first her cup, then Ananda. “That, what happened back there, was real, wasn’t it? Her voice?”
“Yes,” said Ananda.
Then she reached for and lifted her cup, blew on the surface to cool it, and sipped it skillfully. Replaced it.
The house was very still. Few sounds outside as well, as if the world was somehow holding its breath, curious now to see what would happen next. “How could she not hear me?” she said.
“You’ve heard of meditation. You said so.”
“I have.”
“What have you heard?”
“Honestly, not much. I know how to spell the word. I know that very thin, serious, people in India practice it while sitting very still. Some people here in California do, too. It’s calming. I’ve heard that. On television. That’s about it.”
“Well, it is a long story,” he said. “But one that I will tell you soon, or she will.” Then added, “In meditation there are states where your concentration is so strong that you only perceive what you focus on, and nothing else.”
Melissa took another sip of tea. Then looked out through the window, at the April sky, as if for corroboration. Then back at Ananda. “For real?”
Ananda nodded. “Sure.”
“But she’s so young.”
“She is not young, Melissa. She is ancient. As am I. As are you.”
She looked out the window again. “I don’t know about that.”
“Well, that’s just the thing, Melissa. In your heart, you do.”
“I don’t know about that.” This time directly to Ananda.
Ananda smiled. Then it seemed the world outside suddenly released its breath. A car went by. Then another. Farther down the street a garbage truck now growled and grumbled. Birds were heard. Bickering, singing. The distant freeway returned as river. Ananda drank his tea, and regarded Melissa.
Who suddenly asked, “Why me?”
“That, you would have to ask her,” he answered.
After a pregnant silence she smiled. Then said, “I will.”



::39:: (Pasadena)

Then she asked, “Why me?”
“That, you would have to ask her,” said her guest.
The suggestion was, of course, more than just a little crazy, but Melissa surprised herself by not dismissing it. Things, impossible only yesterday, were no longer undoubtedly so, and this possibly one of those things. Though, of course, it was impossible. Borderline crazy in fact. Across the border and well into la-la land crazy. Or not.
For she had heard, or not really heard. It wasn’t hearing, had not been sound. But a voice nonetheless. A living presence, as if one of her own thoughts, suddenly declaring independence, had spoken out. But not with her voice, not with her familiar risings and fallings of internal inflection, but with a brightness that shone but didn’t shine, that colored and animated that other thought, which had not been hers. Which had been Ruth’s?
Ananda had no doubts. And, on some terrifying level—though less scary than she would, or should, have expected—she found she could not really doubt either. That thought, “Like this” it had said, twice. And she had said it, too. Thought it, too. And had not both Ananda and Ruth said “Yes” in some very—or not so very—comforting unison.
Either she had long since crossed the crazy line herself, and she was now completely mad, or—and she smiled at this, for it felt the truer of the two options, and now quite comforting and not terrifying at all—this was really happening.
“I will,” she said.
Then she watched him closely, as if she’d never seen him before. Ancient? Yes, she could believe it.
Her next question escaped from a place that took all this in stride, now curious. “Why did you lie?”
“To get to know you.”
“You knew about Ruth already? Then?”
“Of course.”
“Of course,” she repeated, not quite trusting her ears. “She was barely conceived.”
“It helps,” said Ananda, “to think of the body and the person as being quite separate from each other. Ruth had not arrived yet, but she knew that she would.”
“She picked me?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“Again, I don’t know. You’d have to ask her.”
There were still two major portions to her. One, fading but still battling for survival, screamed its warning: this was insane. Utterly, totally insane. Unbelievable. Ungraspable. Terrifying, really. Or certainly should be.
The other, sheltered by direct experience which—no matter how many warnings her other part raised—could not be denied, accepted this for what it seemed, for what it undeniably was: true. For, really, she was not crazy. She was in fact quite lucid, as clear of mind as she had ever felt, and this, she knew, was no sign of madness, quite the opposite, no matter how unlikely. No matter what—and she shuddered a little at this new thought, which had arrived uninvited—no matter what Charles might say.
“How could this be?” she asked again. More curious now than anything. Yes, she really wanted to know. Somewhere deep within her a wellspring seemed to have erupted, and now cascaded her in she didn’t know what direction, but it was quite wonderful. So wonderful, in fact, that she needed something to anchor herself, something more concrete than this rushing joy—yes, it was joy, wasn’t it? That was the word. Her joy, she thought, had sprung a leak. Gushing here and there. In need of gathering.
“How can water be?” said Ananda.



::40:: (Pasadena)

“How can water be?” Ananda said, knowing no better, nor truer, answer.
Melissa looked at him for a long while, then said something quite unexpected:
“God made a song when the world was new. Water’s laughter sings it through. Oh, Wizard of Changes, teach me the lesson of flowing.”
“What?” said Ananda.
She said it again.
He said it again.
“It’s a song,” said Melissa.
“It sounded like a poem,” said Ananda.
“I guess it is a poem, too.”
“Tell me again.”
Melissa repeated the lines for a third time, almost sang them.
“Who wrote them?” Ananda wanted to know.
“I don’t know,” she answered. “My mother used to play this song on the stereo when I was a little girl. She would sing along with it, especially if Dad wasn’t home to tease her about it.”
“It’s beautiful,” said Ananda.
Melissa nodded. “Yes, it really is.”
“Maybe you could ask your mother.”
“She wouldn’t remember.”
“Why?”
“Ever since her stroke,” said Melissa.
“Yes, of course. I’m sorry,” said Ananda, remembering. Melissa had told him about her mother, not yet sixty and yet a victim of a severe stroke. By no means bedridden, she nonetheless could not remember much past the last few hours, if that.
“Tell me again,” Ananda asked.
“God made a song when the world was new. Water’s laughter sings it through. Wizard of Changes, teach me the lesson of flowing.”
“Like the mystery of water,” said Ananda. “So is the mystery of life never-ending.”
“Is that also a poem?” asked Melissa.
“No. But nonetheless true.”
“So how can this be?” she asked again. “I heard her speak. In my head. She spoke in my head. And I recognized her, without sound.”
“I know,” said Ananda. “I’ve heard her many times. She’s very good at that.”
“So how?”
“How water?” said Ananda. “How can this liquid glass, so life giving, so always moving, so rushing, so trickling, so storming, so rising as vapor, so falling as rain, so freezing as ice. So never the same river. How can it be?”
“God?” suggested Melissa.
“Do you know,” said Ananda, “that all matter, I mean all matter, grows denser and heavier the colder it gets.”
Melissa laughed. It sounded a little like morning to Ananda. “You presume I stayed awake in Physics class.”
“Sure.”
“Well, yes, I remember something of the sort.”
“Except water,” said Ananda.
“Except water?”
“Except water. Water is at its very heaviest at plus four degrees Celsius, then it gets lighter when it freezes. And a good thing that is, too.”
“Why?” she said. “Why is that a good thing?”
“Because if it were not so, we would have no fish in our northern lakes. Ice, as it froze, would then sink to the bottom, and so eventually fill the lake, forcing any living creatures to the top, where they no longer could breathe, or would die from exposure to the cold.”
Melissa took this in with an almost comical expression of disbelief. “Well, I’ll be,” she said. “It’s as if it was intelligent. I mean the water. As if it had thought the whole thing through. Instead of sinking, it decided to stay afloat and keep the fishes nice and warm.” Then, after thinking about it for another little while, added, “That’s really true, isn’t it?”
“Yes,” Ananda agreed.
“I think that qualifies as a miracle, doesn’t it? When you think about it.”
“That’s my thought, precisely,” said Ananda. “And, Melissa,” here Ananda reached for, and again took her hands in his. “You should think of Ruth as a miracle, as a natural miracle. As natural, and as miraculous, as water.”
Then Ananda added, “And when you stop to think about it, miracles are as natural as anything, they obey laws, too, only that we are not yet privy to them.”
To Ananda’s mild astonishment—or perhaps not so mild—Melissa seemed to understand. No, there was no seemed about it, she did understand. Or, he thought, if not understand, she certainly accepted. Yes, that’s perhaps the better word. She fully accepted the miracle that was Ruth, that was water, with not even a trace of fear.
For Melissa smiled at Ananda when she said, “Yes, she’s a miracle. all right.” Then laughed softly, “I can live with that.”



::41:: (Los Angeles)

Melissa’s father-in-law, Dexter Marten, did cheat on his wife once, but he considers this an excellent fidelity record, all things considered. No, he never told her. Of course not. For one, it really had nothing to do with love; for two, he really did not love his wife; so, for three, it was none of her business.
However, once was enough to open his eyes to the impracticality of the thing. Not that he had not enjoyed it, for he had, but affairs, especially with younger associates—she had been a 3rd year associate at the firm—complicate things, and for a lawyer unnecessary complications stood in the way of clear thinking and superlative court performance. Ergo, not to be engaged in.
For Dexter Marten, first and foremost, was a lawyer, and he had never wanted to be anything but.
His father, a son of a Scottish immigrant, had worked his way out of New York City poverty to put himself through both college and law school, and once he shared his rags-to-lawyer story with his then sixteen-year-old son, Dexter—with a maturity beyond his years—clearly saw his father’s sagacity and the beauty of working directly on the power-grid of the world: Money and Law. For what influences and determines lives more than law and money?
Money and law. Congressmen and Senators, almost to a man (or woman) were lawyers, were they not? The outcome of life (and often death) in the hands of lawyers. The fate of nations, in the hands of lawyers.
Money and law. Nothing was to stand in the way of this. Not for him.
Not ever.
Dexter was not a quick study, but with a near monomaniacal focus, and a determination to intimidate Calvin Coolidge he nonetheless managed to graduate in the top third bracket at Stanford, and two months later—having studied for it most nights during his final year at law school, and much to everyone’s amazement—he passed the California bar.
Impressed with the accomplished young man, a newly formed Los Angeles firm—Nesbit, Kuugler, and Stroan, then specializing in labor law—accepted him as an associate that very summer.
Now, almost forty years later, he was a managing partner and fixture at the same firm, now grown to eighty some attorneys and focusing more on medical litigation than labor law—though they still retained a well-regarded labor department. He had served on the managing committee for the last eight years straight, an unprecedented record. There was even talk of changing the firm’s name to Nesbit, Kuugler, and Marten—Mr. Stroan now deceased and Dexter Marten now the senior partner as to ownership. No official resolutions yet, but plenty of talk—much of it gendered by Dexter himself.
With Dexter, then, as father, Charles’s career was less a matter of paternal suggestion than edict: the law, naturally.
And as naturally, Charles complied.
:
To say that Charles was afraid of his father would perhaps be to overstate things; to say that he had an unhealthy respect for Dexter was pretty much on the money.
That is why it took him a good two weeks to work up the courage to confess his worries about Melissa to his father.
:
Charles dialed Rachel, Dexter’s secretary. “Is he busy right now?” he asked, with as much weight as he could muster. Being Dexter’s son was definitely a two-edged sword in the firm. Charles was neither brilliant nor quick, and many a tongue wagged in the direction of fatherly influence when he had been taken on the year before.
“He’s got a ten-thirty,” she said.
Checking his watch, Charles saw a ten minute window, all that he would need, really.
“I only need ten minutes,” he said.
“I’ll let him know.”
Although he found it demeaning to knock, he nonetheless did—everyone knocked before entering Dexter Marten’s office, whether son or secretary, partner or client. “Enter,” said his father with practiced impatience.
Charles did, and took a seat. Uncomfortable as always in his father’s presence, and more so in this office.
“What’s up, son?” Dexter asked.
“I think I have a problem, Dad.”
“Dad?” said Dexter. “So, it’s personal, is it?”
“It’s Melissa.”
His dad, almost frowning even when smiling, now truly frowned. Dexter was not fond of Melissa, never had been, and Charles was painfully aware of that. “What is it?”
Charles looked at his watch, eight minutes to go. At which point the intercom buzzed, “You’re ten-thirty is here, Mister Marten.”
Dexter picked up the receiver, “Thanks, Rachel, I’ll only be a couple.” Then to Charles, “What’s the problem?”
Charles again looked at his watch, seven minutes. Well, better just say it. “I think she’s going mad,” he said.
Dexter looked at his son through silence. “What do you mean, mad?” he finally asked.
“Delusional,” said Charles. “I think she’s delusional.”
“Delusional,” repeated Dexter, for some reason stressing the lu in delusional. It was more a statement than question, but it did call for a response, and Charles supplied it.
 “Yes, I think so,” he said, again looking at his watch. This was not going to work. Then added, “Possibly.”
“Look,” said his father, checking his own watch, “let’s talk about this later. How about lunch?”
“Yes,” nodded Charles. “That would be great.” Relieved about both the reprieve, and that his father had suggested the lunch.

The waiter scurried away with their order, and Dexter took a sip of his standing order designer water that appeared the moment they had sat down, something that always impressed Charles. What clout.
Now he put the glass down, regarded it for a second and then looked up at Charles. “So, tell me, Son,” he said.
Charles did. First, he touched on the problem with Ruth not crying which had Melissa all upset and worried and unable to sleep; and then, the real trouble, Ruth disappearing, as Melissa had put it, and the ambulance she had forgot to mention.
“And there is nothing wrong with the child?” asked Dexter, helping himself to some bread and olive oil.
“No. Nothing.”
“You’ve checked?”
“I, no, not personally. But Melissa brought her to Doctor Fairfield, she said. And everything was fine.”
Dexter chewed carefully, then took another sip of water.
“She thought Ruth was dead?” he asked.
“At one point, yes. That’s what she said.”
“Has it happened again?”
“No. Well, not to my knowledge.”
“Would she tell you if it did?”
A fair question. Charles wasn’t so sure. “I don’t know.” But then he remembered, and said, “And the other day she asked me if I could tell when someone was looking at me from behind.”
“What?”
“She asked me,” began Charles.
“I heard what you said,” interrupted Dexter. “Why did she ask you that?”
“She didn’t say, but I’m sure she had a reason. Maybe she thinks people are looking at her from behind. I don’t know, Dad. It’s weird.”
Dexter looked up as the waiter approached with their meals. Made some room for his plate. Didn’t thank or even acknowledge the waiter, but said to Charles, “The best primavera in town.”
Charles, not a fan of angel-hair pasta, nor any pasta for that matter, nodded in agreement. He had ordered the same thing as his father, just to be sure.
“Of course,” said Charles after a while, as if to placate his father (or as if to reassure himself) “she’s always been a bit odd.”
“And you’re only realizing this now?” said his father, fork midair, loaded with spun pasta and dripping with spiced sauce.
:
If truth be told, they probably would not have married had his father not been dead set against it.
What had started out as a more or less blind date had led to several sequels. It was all Tom Chester’s fault of course, for Melissa was his new girlfriend Mandy’s best friend, and it was Tom—or Mandy, he never did manage to sort that out—who had suggested the double date; though it was definitely Tom who had said, “You’ll love her, Charlie. She’s real smart, and good looking, too.”
And Tom was right, she was real smart, and not bad looking at all. And Charles liked the way she talked, and wondered about things that had nothing to do with law. Once, a few months after they started dating, she had asked him outright, “Are you sure you want to be a lawyer, Charlie? Is it really your choice?”
He was not good at facing home truths, and this particular one said the choice was not really his, in fact, there was no choosing involved, it was a given. His father was a prominent lawyer, as his father had been before him. There was never any question, nothing to deliberate.
His answer, however, was equivocal. “It seems the best way,” is what he said, and she did not challenge him, though she gave him a long, searching glance.
Given a choice, however, Charles would not have chosen law, he would much rather have been a gardener—or a landscape architect. Somewhere in his heart lingered the memories of being truly happy helping his mother planting new flowers, bushes, small trees, and then tending them and watching them grow. Something in them spoke to him, the colors perhaps, or the actual growing, which on some level seemed to him a bit miraculous.
Gardening, however—and especially in California—is not for men, his father would imply as often as say outright, “Unless, of course, your last name is Sanchez,” he’d add.
One day Melissa pointed out, apropos of spring, “Isn’t it amazing how things actually grow? From a seed, or an acorn. From such a small thing to such a big oaky thing.” That was the day Charles told her of his secret love for gardening—which made Melissa like him all the better. And, having bared himself so warmly, with nothing but understanding in return, that was the day Charles knew he wanted to marry her.
“What does she do?” Dexter wanted to know when Charles brought up the possibility of proposing to Melissa.
“Do? She doesn’t really do anything, Dad. She’s a student.”
“So, what does she plan to do?”
“She hasn’t made up her mind yet. Perhaps something with children, or with animals, or with trees.”
“Trees?”
“That’s what she said.”
“It sounds to me that she will not make a good wife.”
“Don’t say that, Dexter,” offered his mother, hovering at the edge of their conversation. “She’s a nice girl. I know her mother quite well.”
“She’s not a lawyer’s wife,” said his father.
“I really like her, Dad.”
“That,” said Dexter, in what was a revelation to Charles, “is neither here nor there.”
“It isn’t?”
His mother was about to offer another of her opinions, but Dexter’s frown, followed by a wave of imperial hand, checked it mid-thought.
“It isn’t, son. You need to strip those rose-colored glasses from your nose and see the world for what it is. Through pragmatic eyes.”
Although Charles obediently did remove those glasses, he nonetheless went against his father’s wishes when it came to Melissa. Perhaps it was his last stand for independence. He could not put his finger on it, but knew that if he didn’t insist—and he did have a right to insist, this he felt—he would somehow lose his own say altogether. He had given in to his father in all other matters. Football rather than tennis, law rather than gardening, blue rather than white shirts, Rolex rather than Omega, German car rather than Japanese, primavera rather than steak.
“You can’t deny him this,” his mother, taking his side, insisted.
And so, in the end, washing his hands of the deal, Dexter consented—though he never offered his blessings—and Charles and Melissa married.
Melissa, who would much rather have seen him a gardener—or landscape architect—than a lawyer, asked him again, shortly after their wedding, “Are you sure you want to be a lawyer, Charlie? Is it really your choice?”
He had lied then, told her that yes, of course it was his choice.
She didn’t believe him, but she never brought it up again.
But with that lie, something broke, and it had yet to be repaired, if indeed it was healable at all these days.
For that was the day Melissa saw the portion of his heart that she liked, and had indeed married, begin to wane. And that was the day that he asked her, by the way, please, to call him Charles. Please, only Charles. That’s his name.
:
Dexter finished his primavera, fork and spoon plied expertly. He now replaced them by the side of his empty dish, took another sip of his five dollar water, and said, “I would keep a close eye on that girl if I were you. A very close eye.”
Charles used a piece of bread to mop the remains of his meal up from his plate, nodding all the while. Yes, Dad, I will.
“If something’s the matter with her, and it sure seems so, she’s going to need treatment.”
“I’ll keep an eye on her,” promised Charles—feeling better now, much better, for having gotten his problem off his chest and out into the open.



::42:: (Pasadena)

Ananda had a dream that night. The stage was medieval Europe somewhere, France perhaps, perhaps Spain, Germany even (he could not identify the language spoken, but then again the language of dreams rarely have a home port). Not that it mattered, but on some level, throughout the dream, Ananda tried to establish where, precisely, and when, precisely, this all took place—feeling, somehow, that knowing would provide a lifeline, a safe way to shore.
For what took place was that Melissa, Tathagata’s mother, was being tried as a witch, and found guilty. She would burn.
Ananda had been at the trial, horrified by the accusations brought by a weak and vengeful clergy to solidify their hold on souls weaker still. He had sat in the crowded hall while the terrified group spirit, rising all around him, clamored for flames: “Burn her! Burn her!”
And her crime? She had mentioned, in confidence, to her neighbor-friend that her new baby was Tathagata. This confidence—so wicked, so heavy with currency, and in order to curry favor with the priests—was betrayed. 
“Who is Tathagata?” the tribunal wanted to know.
“He who leads us across the river,” she had answered, facing them erect and unmoving not five steps from her accuser, now seemingly contrite and hiding her seeing among the floor’s rough planks.
“What river?” they wanted to know.
“The river of ignorance and death,” she answered.
“What do you know of ignorance and death?”
“I know much.”
“How can you possibly know much about such matters?”
“He has told me.”
“He?”
“Tathagata.”
“Your child?”
“Yes.”
“Your six months old child?”
“Yes.”
The tribunal shook its collective head at such sacrilegious necromancy, and—to uproot all traces of evil—decreed that the child, too, should burn.
Ananda woke into the Los Angeles pre-dawn, heart racing.
Ruth spoke: “What is it, Ananda?”
“A dream,” he answered.
“Tell me,” she said.
Ananda did.
“How true?” asked Tathagata.
Ananda tested the aftermath of the trial and the upcoming fires, one large, one small—clairvoyant fingers probing the cloth of dream for threads of veracity. “Too true,” he said.
“You must warn her,” said Ruth
“I will,” said Ananda.
:
Ananda waited—now pacing, now sitting, now lying down, then some more pacing—until he was certain Charles would have left for work. He then gathered his things, elevatored himself to the ground floor, sprung Frugal to willing life, and drove the short freeway distance from Glendale to Pasadena.
“She did not sleep well,” whispered Ruth, as Ananda turned down Melissa’s street.
“This is a bad time?” asked Ananda.
“No,” answered Ruth. “It is as good a time as any.”
Ananda parked his little car by the curb, just so many inches from it, pointed her front wheels street-ward, then stilled the engine. He sat for many breaths stilling his worries, forming his thoughts, then stirred to face his task.
Melissa opened the door, then said, even as Ananda entered, “She doesn’t answer.”
Her meaning was crystal clear to Ananda. Melissa had tried to talk to Ruth, who—for reasons not apparent—had not replied.
“She is not ready,” said Ruth.
“I don’t understand,” Ananda thought in return.
“She still doubts,” said Ruth. “Although she has heard, she doubts. More hearing will not help. Evidence will not help. She knows, but does not dare to, or allow herself to, know.”
Ananda nodded.
“Perhaps I’m doing it wrong,” said Melissa as they entered the living room. “Or perhaps,” she continued, then fell silent.
“Or perhaps, what?”
“Or perhaps I imagined the whole thing,” she almost whispered.
“Did you?”
Melissa did not answer. Instead she sat down, and for a while seemed to study the coarsely woven table cloth that covered the center of the low glass table top with its blues, and whites, and greens, and reds. Then said:
“I don’t think so.”
“Well, did you?”
That earned Ananda a searching glance. And a question in return: “Can you ever be sure of anything?”
“Is there such a thing as certainty?” said Ananda. “Is that what you’re asking?”
She considered his question, then nodded. “Yes, that’s exactly what I mean.”
“Yes,” he replied. “There is such a thing as certainty.”
“About some things, yes.”
Ananda was about to answer, when Melissa said, as if just then remembering, “Have you had breakfast?”
“No, not yet.”
“Come, I’ll fix you something vegan.”
“Fruit, if you have some, would do well.”
“I have some.”
As Melissa was fixing a fruit salad, Ananda said, “Are you certain that you are using a knife right now?”
“Yes,” she answered without hesitation, and without halting her movements.
“Stop for a minute,” said Ananda.
She did.
“Are you certain that you used a knife a few seconds ago?”
“Yes,” said Melissa.
“How can you be certain?”
“I just am.”
Ananda nodded. “Well, then.”
“But this is physical, I do this with my hands. Thoughts are elusive.”
“But less real?”
“Well, not really.” She finished slicing the banana. Then turned to face Ananda, and said:
“Are you certain, Ananda?”
“That’s irrelevant.”
“Why is that irrelevant?”
“My being certain does not make you certain.”
“But I trust you.”
“Even so.”
“But I know that you’re telling the truth.”
“You are saying that you believe me?”
“Yes.”
“Still, when you look at it closely, there is always a certain amount of faith involved in believing.” Then Ananda added, “There is no faith involved in knowing, in certainty.”
She pondered that for a while. “You’re right,” she said. “There is a difference.”
“Certainty is a constant seeing,” said Ananda.
“Wow,” said Melissa. Then laughed. “Did you come up with that?”
“No,” he answered. “A man much wiser than I did.”
“Who?”
“Your daughter.”
“I can see her voice,” said Melissa. “If that’s the right word.”
“As clearly as your knife?”
“As clearly as this knife,” she said and held it up.
“Then you are certain,” he answered.
“Yes I am.”
:
Ananda had finished the delicious fruit salad, and Melissa was now serving tea in the dining room.
“I doubt this needs saying,” said Ananda, “but I will say it anyway, for it’s too important to leave unsaid.”
Melissa looked at him and waited for more.
“No one, Melissa. No one must know about this.”
She nodded.
“Not Charles, especially not Charles. Not your mother. Not your father. None of your friends. Not Dexter or your mother-in-law. No one, Melissa.”
Her nod slowed, but did not cease.
“Do you see why?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said. “If I have trouble believing, or knowing,” she corrected herself. “If I find it hard to know this, and this certainty swims in and out of focus, to be honest, then anyone else would find it impossible, would not believe, could not.”
Ananda’s turn to nod. “But more importantly,” he said. “Anyone you tell would know that you have taken leave of your senses.”
“Would think me mad,” she suggested.
“Would think you mad,” Ananda confirmed. “Would know you mad. And that would threaten everything.”
“Everything?”
“Melissa,” began Ananda. Then, when she had her full attention, “Tathagata has returned for a reason.”
“The Buddha?”
“He always referred to himself as Tathagata, and that’s how I think of him.”
“I think of him as Ruth,” she said.
“Yes, that too. He is Ruth. He is your daughter. And Tathagata is here, as Ruth, for a reason.”
“Will you tell me?”
“In due course.”
“As a savior?”
“Yes,” said Ananda. “As a savior. As a seer and a teller. As a pointer of path.”
“It is hard to grasp.”
“I know.”
“It is true,” whispered Ruth within their inner hearing.
“I know,” whispered Melissa in return. Then, overwhelmed by certainty either cried or laughed, Ananda wasn’t quite sure which.
:
“I worry about Charles,” said Ruth as Ananda drove back to his hotel. He is convinced Melissa has already turned some delusional corner, and has talked to his father about it.”
“He has?”
“Yes.”
“Is she in danger, do you think? Right now?”
“No,” said Ruth. “Not yet. But I am not happy with the situation.”
“What would you have me do?”
“Stay in close touch with her, Ananda, and as much as you can, keep an eye on Charles.”
“Yes,” he replied. “Yes, I will do that.”



::43:: (Pasadena)

One thing about telepathy is that the word itself is misleading, for the secret to the concept is that it involves no distance.
Tele, at heart, means distant, or remote. Pathy grew from pathos, and means feeling, so telepathy, as commonly understood, is to feel (or communicate) across a distance, which conjures the image of transmission and reception between two points apart. That is the misleading part, for the key to telepathy is the utter lack of distance.
Some have describe telepathy as the spiritual sharing of the same room—an other-worldy (or un-worldy) room that all partially (or potentially) occupy at all times, though few are aware of this.
This room is of course impossibly vast—it has in fact outgrown space itself—and encompasses the Physical and any other Universe you’d care to conceive; still, when two (or more) beings commune in this sphere, it is as if only those are present. It is then a co-existence of sorts, a co-being where thoughts are plainly visible, where feelings are plainly feelable, where all is wholly shareable.
:
When Ruth entered this sacred room and whispered Melissa’s name this morning, Melissa visibly shivered with the sensation of presence, then answered, in the same manner of just being the answer: “Yes.”
“You are still certain, then,” confirmed Ruth.
“Yes.”
Melissa rose slowly and quietly, so as not to wake Charles, sleeping soundly beside her. She gathered her robe and her slippers and tiptoed out of their bedroom and over to Ruth’s little chamber, the better to hear her (was the notion that moved her—that, and the need of privacy from Charles).
Quietly entering Ruth’s room, she moved over to the little crib where her daughter lay, and looking down upon her meeting eyes looking right back up at her: aware, sparklingly blue, intelligence shimmering within, a profound presence beneath.
“Ruth,” she said.
It was as if the eyes answered, while Ruth’s lips only smiled. “Yes.”
“I have a question.”
“Yes?”
“Why me?”
This question, true and burning for her, rose not only wordlessly within them both, but also crossed her lips and into air.
“Because,” said Tathagata, “I do not terrify you.”
“I don’t understand,” said Melissa.
“Sit down,” said Tathagata. “Please.”
Melissa did, and Ruth rolled onto her side, the better to see her mother, now cross-legged by the side of the crib.
“What man does not understand, frightens him,” said Tathagata.
“Always?” asked Melissa. Again, as if not wholly trusting her internal tongue, she also spoke this aloud.
“On some level, yes. Always,” said Ruth, who, if she noticed, did not wonder at, nor did she comment on the words leaving her mother’s lips along with its shared sister-thought.
“But man prefers ignorance to terror,” continued Ruth.
When Melissa said nothing, Ruth elaborated. “Numbness seems always preferable to pain. Sleep, if it shields him, seems preferable to awake fears. At least so he acts.”
Melissa nodded, assimilating.
“It is as if on some collective level man has chosen an unawareness so deep that it appears like an ocean, or a mist, of oblivion covering our planet. And here he spends lives, submerged, barely visible to the spirit, far below the surface, among the deep-sea fishes and other creatures of darkness.”
“That’s a grim picture,” said Melissa.
“Yes, it is,” said Ruth. “But true.”
“How does that explain your choice?”
“You, Melissa, were near the surface. You are near the surface, sometimes even breaking it.”
“I am?”
“Do you remember the night, when as a young woman you pondered life? At college. You wrote it in your daybook.”
“I pondered life often at college, and I wrote in my daybook every day.”
“That one evening you saw that the quality of life, what you thought of as the phenomenon life, was and is very different from the quantity of life, it’s physical aspect.”
This Melissa remembered. “Yes,” she said. “I remember that.”
“That was the evening you saw, clearly and viscerally, the evening you experienced that life, as an event, was the same, regardless of size, whether a mouse or an elephant. Unquantifiable.”
“Yes,” she was nodding now, remembering quite vividly. “It was like an epiphany. I remember.”
“That’s breaking the surface,” said Ruth. “That’s waking up, or refusing sleep at any rate.”
Melissa returned to that evening. The afternoon had seen snow, draping the world in white. The evening had fallen now, and with it the darkness. Still, she could sense a softness of a million, million flakes the other side of her own reflection of short blond hair and pondering eyes.
The soft breathing of her roommate, asleep alongside her assignment, and shifting now to push the book onto the floor with a soft thud, brought a sense of intimacy, a love for her race.
And as she thought about the in and out of Elizabeth’s breath, and wondered at the force—no, not the force, but the motivation, the real cause, the motive power—behind each intake of air, replete with oxygen, and each expulsion of air, replete with carbon dioxide, a rush of knowing suddenly rose within her like a geyser and leapt out upon paper. A shiver that told her that life as phenomenon, as motivation, was different from, and much larger than, its manifestation, its tangible result.
She had not been seeking that answer specifically, she had simply been marveling onto paper about the multitude of life on this planet, at the strange forms life took to survive in this jungle of chemicals and motion. At the soft in and out of Elizabeth’s breath, and suddenly the knowing simply arrived as experience, as geyser (is how she put in then), as irrefutable in and of itself: it is the phenomenon life that motivates and animates. It is the unquantifiable non-thing that knows and thinks that moves the fingers that write these words, that steers the feet that wander, that grows the bodies that rise and play and fall, only to grow again.
The epiphany had been brief. The following morning, though still quite vivid as recollection, it did not ring quite as immediately true. It had struck her as a little presumptuous even. And a little more so a few days later.
Still, there was no denying the rush, the geyser, rising and filling her, as the notion first appeared, as truth. So real as it rose that doubt could find no footing.
“It was just a thought I had,” she said. “Something that arrived as I was looking at things.”
“Yes. But you were looking above the surface,” said Tathagata.
“I don’t know about that.”
“I know about that,” he replied.
Melissa fell quiet for a moment. Then asked, “How did you know? How can you see that?”
“You glow.”
“I do?”
“Faintly, but yes.”
“What do you mean, glow? Like an aura?”
“Not unlike an aura,” he said.
“And that is how you chose me?”
“As a matter of fact, yes.”
“You saw me, as aura?”
“Yes.”
“From where?” she asked.
“From the Tusita Heaven.”
“What are you talking about?”
“It is a place that is more frame of mind than place.”
“And you saw me from there?”
“Just like I hear you from here, in this frame of mind.”
“Were there other glows?”
“Yes.”
“Many?”
“No.”
“How many?”
“Here in Los Angeles? Or here in the world?”
The question should have appeared odd, or impossible, to Melissa, but it did not. It made perfect sense. Define thy terms. “Here in Los Angeles.”
“Perhaps a hundred.”
“So why me?”
“Because you were, you are, right. Just like your knowing that evening in college was right.”
Melissa, again briefly re-living that geyser moment, said, “I can see that.”
“And communing like this, I know I chose you well.”
“Good point,” she said, still into the shared room as well as into the air.
Then she asked, “If that is why me, then why you? Why are you here?”
“Ananda has not explained?”
“I want to hear it from you.”
That is when Charles, standing in the doorway behind her and listening to a strange and impossible one-way conversation, shifted and caught her ear.



::44:: (Pasadena)

What woke him were spoken words, though he could not place their source.
At first they seemed like so much dream, part of his inner landscape, but then they were not. Elsewhere. Outside. In the house. Somewhere.
Wrestling himself free from the clutches of sleep he recognized the voice: It was Melissa’s. And closer still to the surface, he hear her again. Talking, softly. Nearby.
Wide awake now, he heard her say, “What do you mean, glow? Like a aura?”
He rose onto his elbow, looked at her empty pillow, then out through the bedroom door, slightly ajar.
“And that is how you chose me?” she said from the hallway outside, or from just beyond it.
Placing his feet on the carpet, he heard, “You saw me, as aura?”
Standing up now, unsure, a little afraid, he heard, “From where?”
By the bedroom door now, he knew from where the voice came: Ruth’s room. “What are you talking about?” Melissa said.
And as he reached her door, “And you saw me from there?”
At this point Charles felt a rising terror. There was someone else in that room with Melissa, and she was talking to him, or her. A conversation, one that held her interest—he could tell by her voice, intent, and even a little urgent. “Were there other glows?” she said, and she really wanted to know.
He reached the door and pushed it slightly more ajar to reveal Melissa sitting on the floor by Ruth’s cot, looking intently at his daughter.
“Many?” said Melissa, as if addressing the baby.
Then, “Here in Los Angeles.”
What rose slowly, fueled by what could not be, had no right to be—not Melissa, not this sick—was an ice he knew as terror. He was afraid. Really, really afraid.
“So why me?” she said. Then, as if listening to a silence replying, “I can see that.”
Then, again after a brief silence, as if listening, “Good point,” she said.
Then, incomprehensibly, she asked the room, the child, her demon, “If that is why me, then why you? Why are you here?”
The she said, “I want to hear it from you.”
Charles, unaware of legs and feet, nonetheless shifted his weight from one foot to the other, making a sound, catching her ear, spinning her head. Ruth, too, looked up at him, and for the fleetest of moments her eyes, too, seemed to hold alarm.
“Charles,” said Melissa, shocked.
:
“Charles,” she said again, less terrified now—though he wasn’t sure whether it was his own feelings or hers he sensed.
“What are you doing?” he heard himself ask.
“How long,” she asked. And he knew precisely what she meant, what she was hiding.
Two conflicting emotions rose in him side by side: briefly, compassion for his wife, his—yes, indeed, quite crazy wife; and alongside it, the urge to run, to turn and flee this madness, as if the demon that possessed her was contagious and of immediate danger to himself. But as with so many conflicting emotions, none truly gained the upper hand, so instead Charles remained, looking at his wife looking up at him, still awaiting an answer. His compassion then sank into the practicality of the thing facing him and his lawyery self rose to the surface, suddenly annoyed at the obvious trouble laying ahead.
“Long enough,” he answered. Then he turned, looked at his watch, and quickly made it to the shower.



::45:: (Pasadena)

Her first sensation was of utter unreality: it simply had not happened. Could not, must not have happened.
No, not the conversation with Ruth, Tathagata. That was as real as anything, was the most real thing she’d ever experienced. What must not have happened was that she had said her words not only directly to Ruth, in Ruth, but also into the air, for Charles to see—his wife talking to his infant daughter at no replies. She’d seen his face, and she’d venture that he had—in that brief moment of eye contact—been more terrified than she.
“He heard you,” whispered Ruth into their shared room.
“I know,” answered Melissa, quelling the impulse to, again, also say this aloud. Succeeding.
“He is in turmoil.”
“I saw that.”
Yes, that is what she had seen in his face, in his eyes. Terror at first, then turmoil—as if terror clashed with some other equally potent force—and then, as he turned and left, surrounding him, protecting him, a cloud—stiff and impatient—of annoyance.
“He will pose a danger,” said Ruth.
The certainty of the statement shook her. “How?”
“He thinks you mad.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
“Even so,” said Melissa—still consciously suppressing the urge to again also voice the words. “He wouldn’t harm me. I doubt that.”
“Perhaps he would not, but his father might.”
“How?”
“Remember that man is terrified of what he does not understand, and a terrified person never acts rationally, and only acts to preserve self.”
“And Charles does not understand.”
“No, he does not.”
“Nor will his father.”
“Even less so.”
:
She rose from the floor and left her daughter’s room. Charles was in the shower, she could hear the water sing the pipes in the direction of their bedroom. By reflex, she checked her watch and saw that Charles, always hungry in the morning, would have time for breakfast, and proceeded to the kitchen to prepare it for him
By the time he entered the kitchen, all suited up, but without a “good morning,” breakfast was ready. French toast, syrup, bacon, coffee. The way he liked it.
She turned to look at him, but he would not meet her eyes. Instead he sat down by the table and looked first at the plate, then out the window. She followed his gaze. Plate overloaded, sky overcast, almost milky.
“Charles,” she began.
He shifted, and looked in her direction, but would still not meet her eyes.
“Charles,” she said again. “I am not crazy.”
Finally their eyes met, but only briefly, as if slipping off each other, twice.
“What do you mean?” said her husband.
“You saw me. You heard me,” she said.
He then loaded half a French toast on his fork and transferred it to his mouth. Chewed for some time, expressionlessly. Then said, “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“You saw me,” she said again.
“Saw what, Melissa?”
Could it actually be? she wondered. Could he have not seen? No, she inwardly shook her head. He had seen, the fear in his eyes had been proof enough. And he had answered. He had said “Long enough.” These were his words. Only he did not want to admit that, either to her, or to himself.
“You answered me,” she said. “You said ‘Long enough.’”
Charles carefully sliced off another generous piece of syrupy French toast, guided it to his mouth and began chewing. He did not look at Melissa, nor gave any sign that he had heard her.
“You answered me,” she said again, quite loudly. “Said you saw.”
“I don’t know what I saw,” he finally answered. “I was half asleep.”
“I am not crazy,” she said.
“I never said you were,” he replied.
“I am not crazy,” she said again. To which Charles did not respond. Only chewed.
:
Ananda answered the phone almost immediately, as if he had been expecting her call—which on reflection, he might well have been.
“Charles saw me. He heard me talk to Ruth,” she said.
“I know,” said Ananda. “Tathagata told me.”
“I tried to bring this up with him at breakfast, to find out what he thought, but he doesn’t want to talk about it.”
“Yet he is sure about what he saw?”
“Yes, he is.” Then, after a brief pause, added, “What can I do, Ananda?”
He deliberated for a moment. Then said, “For now, not much. Of course—and you see this now—there is no need to speak aloud when talking to Ruth.”
“You’re right. I really blew it.”
“Perhaps.”
“So what can I do? What should I do?”
“I think you should act as normally as you can.”
“As if nothing has happened?”
“As if nothing has happened.”
“Do you think he’d forget?”
“No, he will not forget, but his view will not nourish further. Then perhaps doubt will sprout.”
“He doesn’t want to talk about it,” she said again.
“He’s probably afraid.”
“Afraid of what?”
“Of you.”
She brought back the image of Charles standing in the doorway to Ruth’s chamber, eyes agape, fear apparent. A fear of what he had seen, or, as Ananda said, of her, if indeed there was a difference. “Of the impossible,” she said.
“Precisely.”



::46:: (Los Angeles)

No matter how important Charles told her it was, his father could not see him until eleven, and then only for a few minutes. Rachel—a professional when it came to managing Dexter’s time—was adamant. Impertinent, in fact, he thought.
But when those few minutes were up, Dexter Marten called her and asked her to reschedule his eleven o’clock, with his apologies, something urgent had come up.
“Tell me again,” Dexter told his son. “From the beginning.”
And Charles did. Melissa had been sitting by the cot talking to their baby, he said—not baby-talk, not even close. She was talking to Ruth as if she had been a grown-up, about glows and auras and about why she had chosen her, and what she was doing here.
“Are you absolutely sure about this?”
“Yes, Dad. Absolutely.”
Dexter shook his head, “This is not good.”
“I know.”
“She sounds clearly,” he fished around for a word, “disturbed.”
“I know.”
“But she brought it up at breakfast?”
“Yes.”
“And you, how did you respond?”
“First I tried to pretend it hadn’t happened. Then I told her I was half asleep anyway.”
Dexter nodded his concurrence, probably the best course of action. For once his son seems to have done the right thing. Then he reached for his Rolodex—the electronic address books so in vogue, especially among the secretaries, had yet to gain his trust—and spun it around to Dr. David Evans, psychiatrist.
He reached for the phone, punched a direct outside line, and dialed the number.
“Who are you calling?” asked Charles.
Dexter did not answer, intent on the wall behind Charles, listening attentively. The call was answered.
“Dr. Evans please.” A brief pause. “Dexter Marten.” Another brief pause. “Tell Dave it’s urgent.”
His dad continued to study something beyond his shoulder while Dave Evans apparently was persuaded to take the call.
“David,” said his father. “Dexter here.” Yet another pause, then, “Just a second. Let me put you on the speaker phone.” His father pressed another button.
“What can I do for you?” said a deep voice with what struck Charles as a faint Scottish accent, as if inherited.
“Turns out my son’s wife is a little unbalanced,” said Dexter, “and could do with some treatment, at least in my opinion.”
“Specifically?” asked Dr. Evans.
Dexter supplied the specifics, asking Charles to corroborate now and then, which he did.
“I’d need to see her,” was the expected reply.
“Today?” asked Dexter.
“Wednesday,” said Dr. Evans. “I’m booked solid until then.”
“No chance of a slot?”
“Sorry, Dexter. I really can’t.”
“Okay, Wednesday it is. What time?”
“Around two,” replied Dr. Evans. “I’ll have my nurse confirm. What’s her name?”
“Melissa,” said Charles. “Melissa Marten.”
“I’ll see her then,” said Dr. Evans, and hung up.



::47:: (Pasadena)

Charles had no idea how to put it to her. He should have settled all this yesterday, or even Monday evening, but ever since the incident—which is how he thought of it—he found his wife if not terrifying, at least intimidating, and the right words refused to reach his lips, much less leave them.
Now he was running out of time, and so—over breakfast—he had little option but simply saying it: “You have a doctor’s appointment at two-thirty.”
“What?”
“You have an appointment with Doctor Evans at two thirty.”
“No I don’t.”
“Yes, Honey, you do.”
“I never made any appointment. I don’t even know a Doctor Evans.”
“Dexter does. Dexter did.”
Melissa seemed too stunned to answer, so Charles explained, “About the other day, Monday morning.”
“What about it?”
“You know what happened, Melissa. And I did see, and hear.”
“But you said.”
“I know what I said. I spoke to Dad about it and he made an appointment for you.”
“Why?”
“To see what’s going on.”
“I know what’s going on.” Melissa sounded certain.
“You do?” Charles was genuinely surprised.
“Nothing’s going on, Charles. Absolutely nothing.”
“That’s not what I’d call it.”
“Call what?”
“You know. Talking to yourself like that, or to Ruth as if she were a grown-up.”
Melissa was about to say something, but changed her mind. Instead she said, “I’m not going anywhere.” And meant it.
“Yes, you are,” said Charles. And tried to mean it.
:
This time Dr. Evans called his father, who in turn brought Charles into his office.
“Where’s Melissa?” said Dexter, covering the mouthpiece of the phone.
“I don’t know,” said Charles.
“Let me tell you where she’s not,” said Dexter. “She’s not seeing Doctor Evans right now.”
“I told her,” said Charles.
“I’m sure you did,” said Dexter, and waved for him to leave his office.
Feeling like a ten-year old again, Charles left, tail between his legs, and hated his wife all the way back to his office.



::48:: (Pasadena)

Two days later a large white car pulled up outside Charles’s and Melissa’s Pasadena house. For several minutes no one emerged, then what seemed like a small crowed gradually formed on the sidewalk, consisting of Dexter, Dr. Evans, Charles, and a sizeable male nurse in jeans and tee shirt.
Melissa, feeding Ruth at the time, was unaware of this arrival until she heard a key turn the front door lock.
Ruth’s eyes flew wide open at the sound and she spoke urgently into their shared room: “Beware, Melissa.”
She quickly placed Ruth back in her cot, but did not have time to tuck her in before Dexter, followed by Charles, Dr. Evan and the male nurse, entered Ruth’s little chamber.
Melissa looked from her father-in-law to her husband and back again. “What is the matter?” she asked. “Has something happened?”
Dr. Evans and the nurse exchanged words too softly for Melissa to hear. The nurse nodded an understanding.
“Nothing’s the matter,” said Dexter, and so calmly that Melissa felt a tremor of warning. She looked at Charles who would not meet her eyes.
“Why, then?” She said.
What happened next exuded efficiency. Charles, as if on cue, stepped aside to let Dr. Evans through, while the male nurse, in three quick, ballet-like steps, appeared behind Melissa and in the next moment had her arms pinned to her sides in a bear-like hug.
The pinprick was lost in the flurry of motions, and it was not until the curtain—gray, billowy, warm, and heavy—begun descending that Melissa realized that Dr. Evans had just given her an injection.
Ruth tried to say something—did say something—that Melissa neither heard clearly nor understood. She turned to look at her daughter, to ask her, What was it she said?—did ask her what she said, aloud, stumbling over the words that would not arrive properly, nor in sequence, all through a mist enclosing her so fast and so thoroughly that she never got to the end of her question.
Dr. Evans and Dexter exchanged glances. Dr. Evan’s glance said that Dexter had been right to call him, and Dexter’s glance simply confirmed this. Charles was trying to catch up with events when his eyes met Ruth’s.
For an instant something filled the room that could not possibly be: an accusation in the eyes of a four month old girl.
But of course not. A trick of the light, perhaps. Or a trick of the mind. Charles tried to forget, kept trying for the rest of the day.
Though not successfully.



::49:: (Pasadena)

Even if I could have done something to prevent this, I am not sure it would have been wise. In fact, I am sure it would not have been wise.
From the moment I heard the front door open and saw Charles, his father and the two other men enter my room, I knew that they had come for Melissa, and that realistically, I could do nothing to prevent this.
How could I have intervened? As a four-month old baby? As Ruth I could have done nothing. Literally. Apart from crying perhaps. Not very effective.
And as Tathagata? Yes, I could have spoken. I could have raised my spiritual voice within these men and told them the truth: Melissa was not delusional. We had had a conversation. There is absolutely nothing the matter with her.
But that would have amounted to the Impossible, for—as far as Man knows, and can recall—there is no such thing, there is no room for such voices, for such communication. It is Impossible
And I know from experience that Man manages to stay rational only so long as, and only to the degree that, he is not faced and overwhelmed by the Impossible.
Forced to face it, or what he—against his will—is now convinced must be so, he is first blinded, and then he crumbles. It is as if for him everything that has taken place since the Impossible was commonplace so many, many lifetimes ago, comes crashing down upon him. All those lives. All those deeds, done by and done to. All these eons, all this descent, all this accumulated insanity, all this lived darkness now rake down upon him by the once—and here and now—again proven possible, Possible.
This he can neither fathom nor tolerate, and so he falls apart and into madness.
And so he burns witches, wielders of magic.
And so he kills saints, wielders of miracles.
That is why, even though I could have told them Melissa was not crazy, that if anything, they were, for believing such a thing—that is why I said nothing, gave no sign that I was anything but Melissa’s four month old baby, oblivious to current events.
For had I said something, or had I done something Impossible, a damage far worse would have been done, of that I am sure.
Next, in an organized flurry of action Melissa was injected by the large male nurse, and soon crumbled beneath chemical onslaught. I tried to reach her, but was too late: all windows closed, all curtains drawn.
For an instant my eyes then met Charles’, and I saw rising alarm in them, his seeing in mine the accusative awareness I must learn to hide, to protect not only Melissa, but myself.
As her knees buckled, the doctor caught one arm and the male nurse the other, and together they ushered her out of the room.
Charles cast another look in my direction—as if to confirm that he had imagined things—but no such luck. He tried to rule out what he had seen in my eyes, but did not succeed.
Shaken, he followed his father and my kidnapped mother out the door.
:
Man, long before he became Man, knew the Impossible.
He knew the beauty of whispering across distances and universes. He knew the magic of real dreams—not the faint shadows cast by them upon current sleepers. But he chose—and make no mistake, it was a conscious act of will—to forgo such innate powers for the sake of sensation.
And perhaps to cure boredom. Because the constantly aware is never surprised, and surprise can sometimes be desirable, is sometimes sought, and so, eons and eons later, Man has now relieved his boredom to such an extent that life is a constant battle for survival one moment to the next.
All to have a game—though unaware of which game, or who are the players—for I believe that to have a game was his intent all along.
Easing Man up to pre-game levels is my task. A near impossible task since you cannot tell or educate Man into rising. Man must look, and see, and experience the string of ever-larger truths, by himself and for himself, until finally he arrives at The Truth, and then he will—again—know all. You cannot guide, only point. It is a lesson I have learned more than once.
That is why I am here.
To point, using today’s sensibilities as finger.



::50:: (Glendale)

He felt the urgency, for Tathagata not so much whispered as thundered his message, and Ananda nearly reeled from it, as if from physical impact.
“Ananda. They have taken her.”
“Who are they?”
“Charles, his father, a doctor and a nurse. They arrived, sedated her and led her away.”
“How?” Ananda was trying to understand what exactly had happened. “Why?”
“Charles heard her, saw her, speak to me. You know that. He told his father. His father called the doctor.”
“And they have taken her away?”
“Yes.”
“And you?”
“What about me?”
“Where are you?”
There was a moment of silence while Ruth considered the question. “They seem to have forgotten about me.”
Ananda shook his head both physically and mentally. The said:
“What will they do?”
“I don’t know, Ananda. I don’t know.”
“This is not good.”
“An understatement.”
“What do you need me to do?”
“You must prevent whatever might happen to her. You must find her and keep her safe.”
“I will.”
:
Easier thought than done.
For try as he might, Ananda could not even discover where they had taken her. He told Ruth as much, who among her worries about Melissa also informed him that someone had remembered that she was alone, for a nurse of some sort, nice enough woman, she said, had arrived to keep an eye on her.
One less thing to worry about, said Ananda.



::51:: (Pasadena)

The descending mist thickened and darkened, and soon there was no rising surface to cling to. A disembodied voice that might have been Ruth’s, or that might have belonged to vivid memory, muffled its way through murky waters but made no sense to her, and it, too, soon rose into some nebulous nothing far above.
Melissa didn’t feel her knees buckle, nor did she feel supporting hands seize her and prevent her collapse onto the floor. Nor could she tell being led by these same two pairs of hands out of Ruth’s room and out of the house.
The ride to the Greenwood Clinic took precisely twenty-three minutes. In normal traffic that ride would have taken less, but being a Friday there were more cars on the street than usual.
Melissa noticed none of this.
Once arrived, she was registered by Dr. Evans and wheeled to a private (and lockable) room, which the staff did indeed lock as part of clinic policy for all new admissions.
Melissa noticed nothing for the rest of the day and for none of the night.
:
She was back in the maternity ward, that was her first thought on waking the following morning, Ruth nearby. It was the ambience of the room, the starchy sense of curtained cleanness that spoke of hospital to her, the heavy door, the little night table.
She saw all this as if through a heavy—though painless—hangover, each detail lumbering its way through to her with effort. Then something, possibly the sound of a key turning, dissolved illusion. Ruth was not nearby. Terrible memory tried to get her attention. She sat up, afraid now. The door open and someone vaguely familiar entered. And spoke:
“Good morning, Melissa. How are you feeling?”
A doctor, obviously. Parts of her returned to the maternity ward, but not with certainty. “Not sure,” she heard herself saying. Then came fully awake. “Who are you?” she said.
“My name is Doctor Evans,” said the man.
She believed him. Or not. He was too well dressed under his loosely worn white coat to convince. “Doctor?”
“Yes.”
And now full memory returned. “Where is Ruth?”
“She is fine.”
“I asked where,” she said.
“She’s at home.”
“And where am I?”
“You are at the Greenwood Clinic,” said Evans.
She knew of it, of course.
“What the hell am I doing here?” she said. “And what did you give me?”
“You’re upset,” he observed.
“Damn right. Please answer my question.”
“Your husband, and father-in-law, thought it best. Well, they thought you might need a rest. As for the second question, a mild sedative.”
The little man seemed a congregation of contradictions. Too well-dressed for his coat; too short for his confidence; too shiny for his expertise.
“There was nothing mild about it,” said Melissa.
“Oh, it was mild, all right,” said Evans. “But quite a lot of it, perhaps.”
“You’re splitting words.”
Evans ignored that. “So how are you feeling?”
As if he wanted to know, or actually did. “Tired,” she answered. “Hung over.”
“Sorry about that.”
“I need to go home.”
“I’m afraid you can’t leave right now.”
“And why is that?”
“Seventy-two hour hold.”
“What?”
“Your husband requested a seventy-two hour hold.”
“Charles requested a seventy-two hour hold? That I be held here?”
“Yes.”
“That is ridiculous. Illegal and ridiculous.”
“Ridiculous, perhaps. From your view. But quite legal I assure you. Your husband signed all the requisite paperwork, witnessed by your father-in-law.”
“And the reason?”
“Delusional behavior.”
“As in?”
Here the little man hesitated, not sure how to answer.
“What am I being delusional about, Doctor Evans?”
Reluctant to plunge: “Let’s discuss that later.”
“No, let’s not discuss this later,” she said. “I want out of here, now.”
“I’ve explained,” began Evans.
“Seventy-two hour hold, so you’ve said. I would call it kidnapping.”
“Please, Melissa.”
“Mrs. Marten, to you Doctor.”
Getting flustered, edged slightly out of his (rather large) comfort zone: “Really, Mrs. Marten. There’s no need for this.”
“I want to call my lawyer.”
“I’m afraid that is not possible.”
“I am of legal age. Charles has no business signing papers on my behalf, I am not incompetent.”
“That’s precisely what we want to determine,” interrupted Evans.
“What?”
“That’s why the seventy-two hour hold. To determine competency.”
“You have one hell of a nerve, Doctor.”
Sliding a little father out of his comfort zone, hands seemingly rising of their own volition in defense: “Don’t get upset, please.”
“And why the hell not? I am here against my will.”
“For your own good.”
“Jesus.”
“No, really.”
Melissa made to rise out of bed, but on discovering that the flimsy gown barely covered her, she changed her mind. She sat straight up, however. All alert now, and quite aware of the reason, she asked, “Why, Doctor, why am I here. Precisely? What is my delusion? And I don’t want to talk about it later, I want to talk about it now.”
The little man debated internally for a brief moment. Then reached for his cell and selected a speed dial. “Reschedule today’s,” she said. “Yes,” he said after some apparent consternation the other end of the line, “all day.” He listened for another short while. Then said, “Thanks.” Hung up.
“Let’s get you dressed,” he said to Melissa.
“I’m not a kid,” she answered. “And I’m not incompetent.”
It seemed Doctor Evans might agree. “I’ll have a nurse bring your things. I’ll see you in my office in a few minutes.” Then, as if an afterthought, “Are you hungry?”
:
In her own clothes again, Melissa was—well, perhaps not enjoying, but at least not disliking her breakfast. She did however dislike the rather large woman who was obviously her keeper, lest she made a break for it.
“Relax,” she said between bites. “I’m not going anywhere.”
The large woman did not smile, but once Melissa had finished her meal, she said, “Follow me.”

Doctor Evans’s office was what Melissa thought of as well-appointed. It had built-in bookshelves, a beautiful desk, several tasteful paintings (a horse in each one), and a nice view of the clinic lawns, which seemed extensive—knowing only the street-side of the facility, she would not have guessed.
Doctor Evans rose as the nurse ushered her in. “All breakfasted?” he asked.
“Yes, thanks.”
“Sit, please.” Indicating a large leather armchair.
She did.
“Coffee?”
“Thanks, I just had some.”
“Do you mind if I?”
“Not at all.”
“You sure you don’t want some?”
“I’m fine.”
Doctor Evans ordered his “usual” from what must have been his secretary, for a well-dressed young woman (who could easily qualify as a secretary poster-girl) soon brought coffee in a silver pot, on a silver tray which also held—Melissa would wager—a bone china cup.
“I feel a little awkward drinking alone,” he said, again inviting Melissa to join him.
“That’s perfectly fine with me,” she said. Didn’t smile, but could have.
Evans, however, shot her a quick glance, and did smile. He added two bits of sugar using a silver tong, and then began stirring with a silver spoon. All very silvery, she thought. Then, when Evans maintained silence, said:
“You first.”
Again, the doctor smiled, as if at some private joke. Then made a decision and finally spoke:
“Charles saw, and heard, you speak to your baby.”
“And?”
“And, it wasn’t baby talk, exactly.”
“What was it then?”
Evans replaced his bone china cup, opened up a folder, and referred to his notes: “You were asking your daughter why she had chosen you, and from where she had seen you. And, yes, you mentioned auras and glows.” Then added, as if by protocol, “according to your husband.”
“That’s ridiculous,” said Melissa.
“Ridiculous or not, that’s what he told me.”
Melissa shook her head slowly, then leaned back into the chair, which moaned a leathery moan. “Perhaps you are evaluating the wrong person.”
The doctor looked up, mildly startled. Then, by the expression his face now assumed, it struck Melissa that he might agree. “What exactly did you say?” he asked.
“When?” said Melissa, though she knew perfectly well.
“When he walked in on you and your talking to your daughter,” said Evans. “What were you telling your daughter?”
“I wasn’t telling her anything. I was speaking to her, mothers do that, you know. She’s a baby, Doctor Evans. Four, going on five, months old.”
“I know that.”
“I don’t remember precisely what I said.” Then she paused, considered things. “Charles has been under a lot of stress lately,” she said. “Working in a firm where your father is a managing partner is not a formula for peace of mind.”
Evans made another note.
“Are you saying what I think you’re saying?” asked Evans.
“What do you think I’m saying?”
“That Charles,” he was casting about for the right word, “imagined this.”
“He did not imagine me speaking, no. But as for what I said to my daughter, I guess, yes.”
Evans made another note. Sipped his coffee. Made one more note.
“I’ve changed my mind,” said Melissa.
Evans looked up at her, a quick surprised glance, almost suspicious.
“About the coffee,” she said.
“Ah,” Evans said, seemingly relieved.
“It smells very good,” she said. “Even from here.”
“It is good,” he said, and ordered a cup for Melissa as well.
Another silver tray, bone china, silver spoon. Amazing. The well-dressed woman poured for her, and Melissa thanked her very much. Then took a sip. “Agreed.”
“What?” said the secretary.
“It is very good,” said Melissa, addressing Evans but including the secretary as well with her praise.
“Thanks,” said the secretary.
“I told you,” said Evans, then went back to study his notes. Shuffled through several sheets of them, then stacked them and replaced them neatly into the folder, which he slowly closed.
Then he said, “You are telling me the truth, are you not?”
“Why would I lie?” said Melissa.
“Well, that’s sort of obvious, isn’t it?”
“Yes,” she said. “I guess it is.” Then added, “But no, I am not lying. And no, I am not delusional. And yes, I’m competent. Very, in fact.”
Doctor Evans sat back in his chair, which creaked a little from old age. Then he asked Melissa’s question for her: “So, why are you here?”
“Beats me,” said Melissa.
“Me, too,” said Evans.
:
Melissa’s feelings in the taxi home (which Evans offered to pay for, though Melissa declined) were gravely mixed.
She was relieved at escaping (and she did think of it as an escape), but stronger than that was her remorse at lying and essentially shifting the delusion Charles’s way, when, indeed, he had seen and heard things just fine, and correctly. The mistake had been all hers. The responsibility—and the delusion—now all Charles’s.
The fact that her lie was the greater good—she easily reasoned her way to that, for her freedom was not the only one at stake—did, however, not go very far toward absolving her from the lie. Charles was an idiot at times, and lately more than usually so. Still, whether he had acted out of concern for her health, or from some other, harder to determine motive, he did not deserve the implication she had made, and she hoped she had not made trouble for him. Or none too serious, anyway.
Then she thought of Ruth, and of seeing her soon. And she smiled.
“Good job,” Ruth said.



::52:: (Pasadena)

Melissa let herself in, much to the consternation of Sylvia, her mother-in-law, who was holding Ruth in her arms and was trying, though not very successfully, to make her drink something from a bottle.
And much to the wide-eyed paleness of Charles.
Ruth looked up, too, and not so much smiled as beamed her welcome.
“What on earth?” said Sylvia.
Charles said nothing, too bewildered to find words, much less form them. Melissa shot him a glance that she initially had meant as rebuke, but which, once it left her, held concern more than anything.
“Shouldn’t you . . . ?” said Sylvia, then lost the thread of it.
“Shouldn’t I what, Sylvia?” said Melissa, then took Ruth from her mother-in-law, and cradled her daughter against her chest.
“Shouldn’t you be . . . ?” and again Sylvia lost her mental footing.
“Be incarcerated?” said Melissa.
“Yes. No, I mean no, not incarcerated.”
“What then?” asked Melissa, looking directly at Charles. “Detained?”
Finally, Charles came to, all husbandy. “How did it go?” Adding, for some reason of protocol, “Honey.”
Melissa could not help herself. “The kidnapping, you mean?”
“Well, I’ve never . . .” said Sylvia, still struggling to complete things.
“I’m fine, Charles. I’m not crazy. Clean bill of health. You can relax.”
Charles swallowed. Looked at his mother, then back at Melissa. Cleared his throat. Sweating now, “You saw Doctor Evans?”
“Oh, yes,” said Melissa. “Though not by choice, as you know.”
“What does she mean?” said Sylvia.
Charles cleared his throat again, looked at his mother, looked for words.
“What?” said Melissa. “You haven’t told her?”
“Haven’t told me what, Charles?” said Sylvia, now facing his son. Charles either didn’t, or couldn’t, answer. “Haven’t told me what?” his mother repeated, louder this time.
Still, Charles did not, could not, answer.
“Charles and Dexter had me committed,” said Melissa. Well, there was no other way to put it. No way to sugarcoat it. It was exactly what had happened.
Obviously news to Sylvia.
“We were concerned, Mom,” Charles finally managed.
“About what?”
“She was. Well, I heard her,” began Charles while looking from mother to wife back to mother.
“She was what? Heard what?” asked Sylvia.
“She was talking to the baby.”
“She has a name,” said Melissa.
“She was talking to Ruth.”
“And?” said his mother.
“I mean, really talking. Like Ruth was a grown-up, about glows and I don’t remember what exactly.”
Melissa, shifting Ruth from one arm to the other, looked at Charles with renewed concern, but mostly for Sylvia’s benefit.
Her mother-in-law said nothing.
“So?” said Melissa. “I’ve heard you talk to flowers, Charles.”
“That’s right,” said Sylvia. “I’ve heard that, too.”
“That doesn’t make you crazy,” said Melissa.
“It wasn’t like that,” said Charles, though uncertain now of the ground he stood on.
“I used to talk to you when you were a baby,” said Sylvia.
“It wasn’t like that,” said Charles.
“How do you know?” said Melissa.
Again, Charles looked from his mother to his wife and back to his mother. A not-so-long-ago certainty was packing its things and heading out the door, leaving nothing but confusion in its wake. Melissa saw this, and felt sorry for him, compassion.
“He suffers,” whispered Ruth, “though not greatly.”
“A bed he’s made,” Melissa whispered back, without so much as a twitch of her lips.
“A bed he’s made,” confirmed Ruth.
“I cannot believe that you and Dexter,” began Sylvia.
“It wasn’t like that,” said Charles for the third time.
Again, Melissa felt more compassion for her husband than anger. After all, he had seen and heard precisely what he believed he had. And it had certainly been out of the ordinary.
“I am sorry,” said Melissa, looking directly at Charles.
“For what?” said Sylvia, not about to forgive her son, nor her husband.
“He was worried,” said Melissa.
“He shouldn’t have,” said Sylvia.
Charles said nothing. Still looking from one to the other. Two closed doors.
:
Ananda answered before the first ring had finished sounding, as if he had been waiting by the phone.
“I’m fine,” she said.
“Where were you?”
“At a clinic.”
“What happened?”
“Charles told his dad. Who called a doctor.”
“I know they came.”
“Yes.”
“Did they,” he hesitated. “Mistreat you?”
“No.”
The silence seemed relieved.
“I’ve learned my lesson,” said Melissa.
The silence nodded.



::53:: (Los Angeles)

“Yes,” Dexter told his secretary, “I’ll take it.”
Doctor Evans came on the line.
“David,” said Dexter, “Charles tells me you’ve release her. What happened?”
“Nothing happened, Dexter. And that about sums it up.”
“What do you mean?”
“Your daughter-in-law is about as sane as you or me. Perhaps saner,” he added.
“Explain. Please.”
“Your son has a vivid imagination,” said the doctor.
“He made this up?”
“She was speaking to her daughter, yes. Mothers do that. But she never said what Charles claims he heard.”
“She’s lying.” It was a reflex answer, perhaps to protect his son, and perhaps in some measure to protect himself. Still, it felt true.
“No, Dexter. She is not lying.”
“How do you know?”
“I know. It’s my job to know.”
Dexter said nothing for a while. Then, bowing to an authority greater than his own in the matter, “I’ll be damned.”
“Honest mistake,” said Evans. Then, “Do you want me to see him?”
“Who? Charles?”
“Yes.”
“No,” said Dexter. “I’ll see him myself.”
Evans didn’t reply.
“Thanks, David,” said Dexter. “Thanks for your help, and sorry for the trouble.”
“Not at all.”

Dexter stabbed at the intercom button. Hit it on the second try. “Get me Charles,” he said.
“Will do,” said his secretary.
:
Charles was sweating. He hated that, he really hated that. He would have given almost anything to appear cool and calm, to not have this carpet of beads sprout on his forehead to then gather and course down, some onto his nose, others onto cheeks.
He pulled a paper napkin out of his drawer and dabbed his forehead with it. Then his cheeks. Tossed it, reached for another, and again wished his nerves to settle down. They didn’t even listen. He was on his own, seemed to be their message.
“Now,” Rachel had said. He wants to see you now. It really was embarrassing, treated like this, like a five-year old. “Now.” She had seemed a little embarrassed at telling him, but not much.
And “Now” meant “Now.” He had to comply.
Had to.
He dabbed his forehead again, rose, straightened his back and then his tie.
Made his way.
Knocked. Entered. Closed the heavy door behind him.
“Sit. Son.”
He sat.
“You’ve made me look a bloody fool.”
Charles did not track. Just knew something bad was coming, and he repressed the urge to shield his head with his arms and hands. Said nothing. Waiting for more.
“Like an utter idiot.”
And more.
His father picked up a pencil and looked at it, studied it. “An absolute fool.”
“What, Dad?”
“What?”
“Yes.”
“Melissa.”
“What about her?”
“Evans just called me.”
Charles didn’t answer.
“He thinks you’re bloody delusional.”
“What?”
“Perhaps not in so many words, but reading between the lines.”
A bead on his nose tickled. He dried his palms on his trousers. “I heard her,” he said.
“So you keep telling me.”
“I know what I heard.”
“Apparently.”
“I know what I heard, Dad.”
“So you say.”
“I am not crazy.”
“I should hope not.”
“Dad. What are you saying?”
“Evans gives your wife a clean bill of mental health. Nothing wrong at all. He did, however, suggest having a chat with you.”
“Why?”
“Well, that’s the question, isn’t it?”
“I am not crazy, Dad. I know what I heard.”
“Well, that story doesn’t seem to fly. I don’t know. No, I really don’t know what the hell you heard her say. But you’ve made a mess of it. She could sue you for this, you know.”
“She wouldn’t.”
“Don’t be so sure.”
He dried his palms again. “That’s ridiculous.”
“Precisely.”
“What do you mean?”
“The whole thing, you included.”
“I know what I heard, Dad.” Sticking to his guns.
“If I were you, I’d apologize. To her. And you’d better make it sound good. And to Evans, for wasting his time.”
“I can’t do that.”
“Yes, you can.”
“But you were the one,” he began.
“I know what happened, Charles. I’m not an idiot.”
“You called him.”
“I know I called him.”
“So?”
“So, apologize to your wife and Doctor Evans, and get on with it.”
His father took a closer look at the pencil he had yet to let go of. Then swiveled his chair to face the windows. Audience over.
Charles rose. Left. Hated.
Wasn’t about to apologize to anyone.



::54:: (Pasadena)

Melissa startled at the key in the door. She heard him enter the house. He was home early. She glanced at the kitchen clock. Very early.
She listened for—was in some way hoping for, actually—the normal I’m home, but it never came. Instead the front door shut softly and he entered the kitchen without a greeting.
She turned to face him, but he didn’t seem to notice. Instead he went to the refrigerator, took a long look inside as if looking for some answer, or something missing, then closed it again without helping himself to anything. Finally he looked at Melissa. A dark, unfriendly look which seemed not to quite recognize her, trying to place her face among a host of unremembered ones of his past.
“Charles,” she said. “Are you all right?”
 “No,” he said after a moment. “I don’t think I am.”
She was going to ask why, but he did not stay. Instead, he left the kitchen and after many slow steps Melissa heard him close the bedroom door behind him.
:
That night was the first since they were married that, while both at home, they slept in separate beds. Charles emerged from their bedroom toward evening, and went straight to the garage, where he unearthed a camping bed, which he brought to the den. Moments later he closed the den door behind him and did not come out again until morning—before Melissa was awake.
Strained days and evenings turned into strained weeks, as Charles grew increasingly sullen. He rarely spoke. Some nights he did not come home. Other nights Melissa could smell alcohol in his wake.
She tried to approach him several times, but each time he faced her with dark, unfriendly silence. There was nothing to talk about, it said. Sometimes he said it aloud.
Several times she was about to tell him—though, tell him what, precisely, she asked herself. Tell him that he had not been mistaken, had indeed heard her address Ruth as an adult, she answered. But she never did. Not that Ruth—nor Ananda, for that matter—ever told her not to, but she knew that telling him would, or at least could, endanger much. And so she lived with her lie, while Charles sank farther and deeper into gloomy distance.



::55:: (Los Angeles)

Sarah Gray owned the Los Angeles apartment she lived in. The correct word would be condominium. She had bought it outright—with money garnered and saved over frugal years—three years back at an estates auction and had since renovated it to her precise, and well-documented, image of good living. It was now worth three times what she had paid for it, and this fact lit up many of her long days.
She was a fourth-year associate at Nesbit, Kuugler, and Stroan, heading up her own team of hospital law specialists, and rumored to be on the fast track for partnership. The firm—recognizing talent—had recruited her at a UCLA campus event during her final year in law school, which she graduated summa cum laude.
Whether you thought her unremarkable or attractive—and opinions varied—all agreed she was a model of efficiency, relentlessly, sometimes ruthlessly, headed for great things. A perfect lawyer: intelligent, attentive, professional, practical.
Perfect, but for her one blind spot: she had a crush on Charles Marten. This was just an animal thing, she had told herself that many times, just a physical magnetism thing, and of course impractical as all hell, not her at all. Good thing she had the sense to keep it where it belonged, down there among other impossibilities. The man was married, for Christ’s sake, and was the boss’s son to boot. Not only impossible but dangerous, that one. And none too bright, that one, though not exactly dumb.
She put her infatuation to good use, however; wrapped it around her as a shield to fend other approaches off like the mosquito-like nuisances they were. It actually kept her on keel, nicely balanced in fact. A fantasy to only be let out in the privacy of her own perfect apartment, and not very often at that.
Perhaps she did carry an extraneous pound or two, and perhaps her face did not as a rule turn heads, but as a package—she told herself often enough, especially to the bathroom mirror—she added up nicely. Would have been a great match for the boss’s son, great match. Yes, sir.
Would have.

Then, late July—a Friday, and a fateful one at that—Charles Marten was assigned to work a case that she managed. What she had asked for was paralegal assistance, too much paperwork, too many affidavits to digest. What she got—much to her amazement and mixed feelings—was Charles Marten.
:
Late that day, he knocked on her partially open door. She was trying to get out of there, was busy packing things up to bring home with her to review after dinner. She looked up at the sound. And there he stood, looking a little lost, actually, was her first impression.
“Sarah,” he said.
“Yes.”
“You need some help with Saint Mary’s.” Question or fact? She couldn’t tell.
“Yes.” Part question.
“I’m it. Apparently.”
“I asked for paralegal assistance.”
“I know. None to spare right now.” And again, “Apparently.”
Two very conflicting emotions rose hand in hand. One congratulating her on outlandish luck, the other carrying warning signs, large and vocal.
“You sure?”
“I’m sure.”
Ignoring the signs, she said, “Welcome to the team.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“That.” She pointed at two boxes by the window. “Affidavits. Fourteen of them, and all rather long. Reams, actually. I need them summarized. By the end of next week. Here,” she leafed through the content of a folder on her desk,” are the criteria. Anything to do with the highlighted points. Well, you know the drill.”
“I know the drill.” And none too happy about it.
“Welcome to the team,” she said again as he bent down to pick up the first box.
“I’ll be right back for that one,” he said and nodded toward the other.
“Great.”
The boss’s son disappeared with half of his assignment as she sat down, shaking a little, humming just off-center.
He was soon back for the second box, which he again lifted quite effortlessly, strong boy that he was.
“I’ll see you Monday,” he said, turning just as he left.
“Great,” she said again.
:
Things would probably have turned out well after all, had she not—from years of habit: you always check paralegal summaries—made a quick spot-check—though not really necessary, for Charles was not a paralegal, was he now? Still, years of making sure won out and she scanned the first summary against the affidavit itself.
Yes, things would have turned out well, considering, had she not soon discovered that his work was far from flawless. Unpardonably shoddy, as a matter of fact. She would have to confront him with this.
And that’s how it started.
It was exactly a week later, just after seven in the evening, early August now. She had called him and asked him to see her.
Again, he knocked, but entered before she had a chance to respond. He closed the door behind him.
“Charles,” she said. “Please sit.”
He picked one of her two visitor’s chairs and eased himself into it. Did not look comfortable. Sensing trouble, perhaps.
She remained standing. “I’ll get right to the point,” she said. “We’re going to have to re-summarize the affidavits. And now we’re in panic mode.”
“Why?” he asked, but not with conviction, and in a voice that seemed to have trouble handling that single syllable.
“Because,” she said. And here she had a whole display of word choices, from the bluntest truth to the softest euphemism. She chose the blunt route. “You fucked up.”
She had expected any of several reactions from the boss’s son, but not the one she got.
He broke down in tears. All two hundred odd pounds of him.
Next, some instincts—bordering on the motherly—that she had not even suspected she owned, rose along with a wave of that animal thing, as she rounded her desk, pulled the second visitor’s chair close to Charles’s, and said, “What on earth?” Kindly.
Some sort of floodgate was in tatters, no stopping him. She looked up and around him through the glass walls between her office and the outside corridor, was anyone looking? No.
She rose and pulled the drapes to make sure no one would. Returned to the troubled boy’s side.
“What’s going on, Charles?” Again, kindly.
It took five more minutes for the hacking and sniveling to cease, and another twenty minutes for the whole story to come out, somewhere during which she actually hugged him.
“I just don’t know what to do,” he said in the end. “I just don’t know what to do.”
“What I think you need is a good meal,” said a cheerful part of her that knew nothing of caution. “A good meal, some wine perhaps, and a kind ear.”
He looked at her, not understanding.
“Come,” she said.

She only lived a ten minute walk away from the office. They made it there in twenty-five, picking up Chinese takeout on the way. “I have some great wine to go with that,” she joked.
He smiled her a not-so-sure smile.
As he picked his way through his kung pao shrimp he said again, calmer now, but still upset, “I just don’t know what to do.”
“Have you asked her about it?” she asked.
“How can I? I don’t trust her. It wouldn’t matter if I did.”
“Have you told your father that you think she lied?”
He shook his head. “He doesn’t give a damn.”
“Your mom?”
“No. You’re the first one I’ve told.”
“You did hear her,” she said after a while, confirming that she did believe him.
“I know I did,” he said.
“I know you did,” she said, and he would probably have started to cry again, had she not leaned across to him and kissed him on the mouth.
And so began her ill-advised romance with the boss’s son.



::56:: (Pasadena)

Melissa served him tea in silence.
Ruth was sleeping in her chamber, while Ananda watched Melissa perform what almost seemed like a ceremony, pouring the warm light-green liquid from the little pot into earless glass cups, smaller still.
Then she said, pot still in hand and without looking up, “He didn’t come home all weekend. I haven’t seen him since last Friday morning.”
Before Ananda had a chance to answer, or even think of one, she said, “He really isn’t that bad of a person.”
“You’ve done nothing wrong,” said Ananda.
She paused, then replaced the small glass pot on its bamboo coaster. She leaned back and look right at Ananda. “Well, that’s just the thing,” she said. “I have.”
They had been over this ground before. She had been careless, she had spoken to Ruth, and Charles had both heard and seen. Denying that, for whatever greater good—and she never disputed that—was still a lie, in her view. And he loved her for that.
She was right, of course. She had lied, and was in a sense, by her silence, lying still. And, yes, Charles had suffered as a result, still suffered. But any alternative, which he had pointed out as often as needed, was far grimmer. Was in fact inconceivable. Would perhaps see her incarcerated, certainly treated for her delusions, and worse still—and this was the critical point—she might, if things went all wrong, jeopardize her relation with Ruth, perhaps even lose custody if things went really astray; that was the inconceivable part. The must not part, the whatever had to be done, whatever lie told, must not happen part.
“Not in a wider view,” he said, looking right at her.
“A lie is a lie, no matter the view.”
“Yes,” he said. “Yes it is.”
“So how, then, is this right? Charles is not a bad person, not really.”
“I know that, too.”
“So how, then, is this right?”
“Ruth must not be endangered.”
“Yes, yes I know that.”
“Were you to lose custody, she would be imperiled.”
She considered that, again. Looked at Ananda, then out the window at the California summer, sweltering beyond the soft hum of conditioned air.
When, after a while, she said nothing, Ananda went on. “She would not have the freedom to do what needs doing.”
“And what needs doing, Ananda?” Her eyes left the outside sky and returned to his.
“A world needs waking up.”
“You’ve said that before.”
“That does not make it less true.”
“And how will she do this?”
“I don’t know, Melissa. She has not told me.”
She sipped her tea, and Ananda his.
“If you must,” said Ruth into their shared silence, clearly meant for Melissa. “You should tell him.”
When Melissa did not respond, Ananda did, “Tell what? Tell whom?”
“She should tell her husband the truth.”
“Would that be wise, Tathagata?”
“Wise or not,” said Ruth, “the integrity at stake is Melissa’s. Without that, what does she have? With it sundered she might as well be incarcerated.”
“Do you really mean that?” said Melissa
“Yes.”
“What would he do if you told him?” said Ananda.
“Probably tell Dexter, and Doctor Evans.”
“And what might Doctor Evans do?”
“I don’t know.”
“What might Dexter do?”
“I don’t know.” Then added, “He’d probably call Doctor Evans.”
Ananda was well aware of this ethical dilemma, he had faced it, or its close relatives, in the past, as had Tathagata, many times, in many guises, almost always involving a truth versus a greater good. By experience, the truth won out, but never—or hardly ever—in the short run, perhaps not until many lifetimes later.
They did not have many lifetimes.
“It is up to you,” said Ananda.
“What is happening to him?” said Melissa. “Where is he? Do you know?”
Ruth answered. “He is distracted and he is distraught. He’s seeking  solace.”
“Seeking solace? What do you mean?”
“And finding.”
“What do you mean? Where is he?”
“Visiting a colleague.”
“A woman?”
“Yes.”
“Which woman?”
Ruth told her.
Ananda could feel the turmoil within her as a warring began. “Did I cause this?” she asked.
“No,” said Ruth. “Had he loved you true, he would have sought understanding, even if you did what to him was incomprehensible. He would have sought to understand and to help, and not to have you committed.”
“I believe his father is more the one.”
“Even so,” said Ruth. “Love does not imprison, or seek to imprison.”
“He was afraid of me. You said so Ananda,” looked over at him.
“Frightened, yes. But even so, I think Tathagata is correct, he should have sought understanding, with you, with love, rather than telling his father.”
Melissa said nothing. Neither did Ruth, nor Ananda. Melissa took another sip of her tea, regarded the little glass cup as if perhaps it held the answer. Ananda said, aloud, “Closeness is a curious thing, Melissa. Easy and plain at times, at others, territory to fight for.”
She looked up at him, expecting more.
“Your strangeness should not have repelled him,” said Ananda. “The oddness of it should have craved further closeness, should have attracted. Affinity attracts, it does not repel.”
“Are you saying he doesn’t, that he didn’t, love me.”
“I am saying that love should have sought to understand, rather than reject and report.”
“I agree,” said Ruth.
“Still, I lied,” said Melissa.
“Still, you lied,” said Ruth.
Ananda readied to say something, but Ruth held up an invisible hand. This was up to Melissa, and up to her alone.



::57:: (Pasadena)

Charles came home late that evening. Melissa was waiting up for him.
The house was all quiet—as seemed the whole world. The front door key into lock startled her. She heard the key turn and the door swing open, letting a different texture of silence into the house.
Melissa sat on the living room couch, very still. The door was eased shut, and then, disheveled and furtive, her husband appeared.
“Charles,” she said, which startled him in turn.
“Where have you been?” she said.
“I,” he said, but managed no more. Voice abandoning its task.
“Where have you been?” she said again.
“Out,” he said, finally.
“Where, out? You’ve been gone three days, Charles. Not a word?”
“At Mom and Dad’s.”
“I know that is not true.”
Then Charles finally moved, and made for their bedroom.
“I have something to tell you,” said Melissa.
He froze for a moment, then set out again down the hall. Melissa heard him use the bathroom, then rummage through his closet. He came out into the living room carrying a couple of shirts and suits.
“Where are you going?” she asked.
He carefully draped the clothes over the back of an armchair. Didn’t answer.
“Sit down,” said Melissa. “I have something to tell you.”
After some brief internal conference, her husband did as she asked. Melissa got a closer look at him. He badly needed a shave, and a shower.
“What?” he said.
“I will tell you this,” she said, “because you are my husband, and you deserve to know. But this is for you, so that you know. Only for you.”
“What is it?” he asked, sitting very still.
“You were right,” she said. “I did speak to Ruth. Talked to her as I’m talking to you. You did not imagine that.”
He looked at her, then past her, then at her again for so long that she wondered whether he had heard her. “Yes,” he said in the end.
“I want you to know that you are not crazy, not delusional.”
“Yes,” he said again. Then said, as if the thought had just struck him, and with some force, “What does that make you?”
“That’s neither here nor there,” she said.
“Only for me?” he said. “What do you mean by that?”
“I mean that you are the only one who will hear me say that.”
This took some work for Charles to digest. “So, if I told Dad, or Doctor Evans?”
“I would deny it,” Melissa confirmed.
He didn’t understand. “So then, why tell me?”
“To let you know that you’re hearing is just fine. And to let you know that you’re not crazy. I owe you that.”
“And that you are?” he said.
“No, Charles. No, I’m not.”
“If you say so.”
“I do.”
“But you must be. Talking to a baby as if you’re having an argument, or expect answers. That’s it, you expected her to answer.”
“Not always,” she said.
“Not always what?”
“That is not always crazy.”
He rummaged around for other pieces like it, to make them fit together, found none. Shook his head, then looked at hear again. “What are you saying, Melissa? I don’t get it.”
“I am saying that you are not crazy. And I’m sayting that I am not crazy. Let’s leave it at that.”
Her husband, finding some ground that did not give way, said, “You’ve changed. What’s wrong with you?”
Melissa ignored the question, and instead asked one of her own. “How’s Sarah?”
Few things could have stunned Charles Marten with more precision and impact. Finally he answered, “Fine.” Then, after a thought or two, “How do you know?”
“I just do.”
The glance her husband gave Melissa now held both uncertainty and fear. “But you couldn’t possibly.”
“If you say so, Charles.”
“But you do?”
“Yes, I do.”
After another silence he asked, seemingly of the coffee table, “Are you a witch or something?”
The question hit a mark, for it rang in spaces she hadn’t known where there. Then settled down. Then she answered, “No, Charles. I am not a witch.”
“Well, you must be something.”
“I am your wife. I think. I am the mother of your child.”
“How can you know about Sarah?”
“It is true, then?”
Another hesitation. Then, “Yes.”
“That’s where you’ve been?” Though more like a statement.
“Yes.”
“And that’s where you’re going?” She glanced at the shirts and suits.
“Yes.”
“Give her my best,” she said.
“How do you know?” he said again.
Melissa did not answer. Instead she rose, leaving Charles to leave on his own.
“That went well,” said Ruth.
“Shut up,” said Melissa.



::58:: (Los Angeles)

“It’s Charles,” he said into the entranceway intercom.
Sarah didn’t answer, but he could hear her take a breath, then expel it. The door sprang to life, buzzed open.
“Charles,” she said as she opened her apartment door. She didn’t step aside, as if protecting the interior. “What are you doing here?”
“She knows,” he said.
“Who knows what?”
“Melissa. She knows about us.”
“That’s impossible.”
“She knows.”
“You’re kidding.”
“No, Sarah. I am not kidding.”
“But that’s impossible.” Again.
“Can I come in?”
“You planning to stay?” she said as she stepped aside, indicating the suits and shirts he had brought along with a tote bag. Not necessarily happy about it.
“Can I?” he asked.
She hesitated long enough for him to notice. “Sure,” she said.
“Unless,” he said.
“Oh, no. It’s fine.”
“I’m sorry,” he said. “Something’s wrong with her.”
“Hang them in here,” she said, opening a hallway closet, then handing him a hanger or two. He took them and began arranging his clothes.
“What happened?” she asked after watching him for a while.
Charles smoothed out the last shirt. It had to hang just so, no creasing. “Two things happened,” he said. Then, as if something had just occurred to him, he ran his hands over his cheeks. “Boy, I really need to shave.”
“And shower,” she added without hesitation. Then:
“What happened, Charles?”
When he didn’t answer, “What is the matter with her?”
He didn’t answer that either, but he did follow her as she turned and left for the kitchen. He sat down at her kitchen table. “Coffee?” she asked.
“No, thanks. No.”
She put things back, then sat down opposite him. “What happened, Charles? Tell me”
“Two things. Two things happened. First she told me that I was not delusional. That I was not crazy. That my hearing was just fine. Then she told me to give you her best.”
“Okay. Please make some sense.”
“She told me, God knows why, that actually, that actually I did hear what I heard. When she spoke to Ruth.”
Sarah nodded, she remembered.
“She told me that I had heard her correctly, that I was not delusional. That I was not crazy.”
“So she lied.”
“She lied to Doctor Evans, yes. But she also said that she would deny telling me that. What she just told me. That was only for my benefit, she said.”
“For your benefit? I don’t understand.”
“That’s what she said. So I wouldn’t think I was crazy. Was hearing things.”
Sarah digested that. “She still loves you,” she said.
“Oh, I doubt that.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Not sure, but I doubt it.”
“Why did she tell you then? For your benefit.”
“I’m not sure about that either.”
“And what else did you say? About giving me her best. I hardly know her.”
“That’s not really the point, is it? She knew, Sarah. That’s the point. She knew that I had been here. How could she possibly have known. Nobody but you and I knew that I was here.”
This time it finally reached all the way home with her, widening her eyes. “Jesus,” she said.
“Precisely.”



::59:: (Pasadena)

Melissa had known Richard Schuster since high school. He had sat behind her in Biology and in English Literature. Had probably had a crush on her, at least that’s what she had suspected, if not precisely hoped, at the time.
Not anymore though. Happily married, he said. Two kids. And yes, doing quite well as a divorce lawyer now. Seems like there will always be a call for us, he joked, then helped himself to another biscuit.
“So you can help me?”
“He’s moved in with her?”
“Yes, from what I can tell, he has.”
“How often does he come to the house?”
“Twice, in the last couple of weeks. To pick up clothes and personal stuff.”
“And when did he leave you?”
“About a month ago.”
“Even so,” he said, “any judge would ask that you first try to reconcile. What with a new baby.”
“Not a chance,” said Melissa.
“Why?”
“Richard, Charles has been—is being, for Christ’s sake—unfaithful. He is cheating on his wife. He is an adulterer. I can forgive as well as the next girl, but here’s where I draw the line.”
He nodded, and made a note.
“I want the house and sole custody.”
He made another note.
“Would there be a problem with that?” she asked.
“Under the circumstances, I don’t think so,” he answered. Then asked, “Visitation rights?”
“None, if possible. And no shared custody,” she stressed.
“That’s going to be a problem.”
“You said there wasn’t going to be a problem.”
“What I mean is that no judge is going to prevent a father from seeing his child, unless he’s outright criminal.”
“I see.”
“As for shared custody, I don’t think he has a leg to stand on. Legally, he’s abandoned his child, so I think you’re pretty safe there.”
“Good.”
“When do you want to file?”
“Right away.”
Richard Schuster made another note.
:
She watched her lawyer drive away, her life in tow. Seeing his car turn the corner and vanish, she felt like everything up to this point was doing the same. Stepping away from the window, she faced the empty house.
“Perhaps Ananda could come,” said Ruth.
“What do you mean?”
“Perhaps Ananda could come and stay.”
“To live here?”
“Why not?”
Why not indeed, thought Melissa. It was, in fact, a good idea. He would not only keep her company, he would keep her grounded. And, too, he would be closer to Tathagata. To her miraculous little daughter.
“Thanks,” said Ruth. “Glad you agree. I’ll ask him.”



::60:: (Pasadena)

Ananda, too, agreed, it would be a good idea for him to move to Melissa’s house, but not right away. Given the circumstances, it would not seem right, he pointed out, and both Ruth and Melissa saw his point.
So it was not until Ruth’s first birthday that Ananda finally loaded up his little car, twice, and drove his fifteen minutes from Glendale to Pasadena, unloaded, unpacked, and settled into Melissa’s guest room.
Life, after that, settled into a pleasant routine. Ananda wrote articles and fiction to generate income (for he insisted on paying for his room and board). Melissa, after the divorce came through in April of that year, decided to return to school, and planned to major in Philosophy and Religion—encouraged and supported by both Ananda and Ruth.
Melissa’s parents, after first suggesting that Melissa sell the house and find somewhere less expensive to live—something she outright refused to do—agreed to “lend” her the cost of maintaining the house; she would repay them once she was had finished her studies and secured herself a job.
“We’ll see about that,” her father said, meaning not to worry about that overly.
Ruth grew to healthy toddler, then to precocious little girl, all the while promising both Ananda and Melissa that she would not “begin anything” (as Ananda put it), not until she could do so without calling undue attention to herself.
So passed nine years.

::

About the Author


Raised in Northern Sweden (by trolls), Ulf Wolf is now California-based.

To date he has written eight novels, four novellas, and fifty odd short stories. More is underway.

For more about this particular wolf, visit http://ulfwolf.com.

Also, you can contact him at ulfwolf at gmail dot com.

Other books by Ulf Wolf (and also available at Smashwords):

Tathāgata — A Four Volume Novel
The Faces of Harriet Brown — a Novel
He Fell Through Clouds — a Novel
Storm — a Novel
The Katha Upanishad — a Novel
Love Thyself Last — a Novel
Flannery’s Bear — a Novella
Only The Albatross Remembers — a Novella
Boil a Manchild for Odin — a Novella
Seven True Lies — a Seven Story Collection
Two Dark Truths — a Two Story Collection



